# File: Mummy - 1st Edition.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Sourcebook hop the
StOrpiclling System Including
VAMPIRE™
THE MASQUERADE


& World of

Darkness:

By Stephan Wieck


‘And therefore death is no such terrible enemy, when aman
hath co many attendants about him that can win the combat

cafhim, Revenge triumphs over death; lve lights it; honour
aaapireth to tt; grief flleth to it.

—Francis Bacon, Of Death



Credits

Written by: Stephan Wieck
Editing: Rob Hatch

Layout: Sam Chupp, William Hale
Production: Josh Timbrook

‘Arts John Cobb, Janet Aulisio, Josh Tumbrook
Cover: John Cobb

Back Cover: Chris McDonough

Vampire: The Masquerade™ was created by Mark
ReineHagen

© 1992by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduction
without written permission of the publisher is expressly
denied, except fo the purpose of reviews. World of Dark-
‘ness: Mummy, The Storytellers Handbook, The Hunters
Hunied, Vampire: The Masquerade, Werewolf, Chicago by
Night, The Players Guide, Milwaukee by Night, the Story=
teller System, World of Darkness and Ars Magica are all
trademarks and copyrights of White Wolf,

DDisctaimer: The characters and events described in this
book are fictional, any resemblance between the characters
and any person; living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Special Thanks to:

Mark "Who's That" ReinHagen, for reasons we can't

remember (he's that German puy. isn't he'?
‘Stewart "He's Gonna' Kill Me!" Wieck, for not knowing,

Which way to tur without instructions from the German,

Ken "Blue Braves" Cliffe, for rooting not only for the
‘wrong team, but for the wrong league.

Wes "Black Foot" Harris, for playing back-to-niture
Four Square,

Chris "Tingly" MeDonough, for the indescribable (we
wish) pleasure be gets playing Four Square.

Rene "The Hammer" Liy, for pretending to be a Four
Square novice.

Josh "Brain Damaged" Timbrook. for what Rich did 10
him after that extended vacation.

Rich "Puta Baby on the Barbie" Thomas, for his abilities
(2nd patience) at Vicky's outdoor birthday party.

Rob "Big Lap" Hatch, for what the skinny guy needed
‘when Werewolf was dumped init

‘Sam "Scarlet Man" Chupp, for getting almost as bad a
sunburn as Andrew (done pecling yet?)

William "Mr, Philly" Hale, for the Father's Day lunch
Connection.

‘Travis"ICan'tBelicve They Did This To Me™ Williams,
for getting the full measure of Atlanta's "justice" system,
(start carrying white shoe polish),

‘Aaron "Hit Man" Voss, for makin' a list and checkin' it
twice.

Word From the White Wolf Game
Studio

Well, I guess the major issue of the day isthe upcoming
release of that Werewolf thing. Yes, for both of you who
hhave not heard yet, Werewolf: The Apocalypse is duc out
‘this summer. In fact, tthe very moment this is being written,
the game is in the last stages of development (thanks, Rob).
{nn time at all you'l be engaged in globe- and dimension
spanning combat against the vilest creatures of evil (espe-
Cially those Vampires) as you battle to save the Earth, your
tribe and yourself,


Introduction: .. _—
Chapter One: The ‘Merny,
Chapter Two: Magic..
Chapter Three:The Cycl
Chapter Four: Storytelling re
Chapter Five: Hell's Highway.......75

Introduction



Inzroduction

The [Great] Pyramid of Cheops was originally no less
than four hundred and ninety feet high. lis base covers an
‘area of thirty-one acres... Napoleon once sat down beneath
‘ts shadow and calculated — wistfully perbeps — dha che
‘mass of stone contained init would buildawall round France
ten feet high and one foot thick. It is estimated that the
‘Pyramid infact contains two million three hundred thousand
‘Blocks ofstone, each averaging owe anda half toma in weigh

The exterior casing of the pyramid was a miracle of
stonecutting: the lower courses ...are set with joints measur-

{ng one ten-thousandth of an inch wide,
—1E. Manchip White, Ancient Egypt, Its Culture

and History

hhere are secrets within secrets. Even to those

who see through the veil of the Masquerade

‘and into the World of Darkness, there remains
«group of immortals who are largely unknown. Certainly the
‘Vampires ofthe Camarilla know litle ofthe existence of this
obscure group of men and women who have been alive for
‘well over 2,000 years. These mysterious folk are mystics,

‘Bom into the ancient kingdom of Egypt during the dawn
‘of human civilization, they have since witnessed every major
event of Western history, Through them, all of the wonders
‘of ancient Egypt will come alive in the modem world of your
Storytelling campaign,

‘This sourcebook provides a wealth of information on this
‘new type of Storytelling character. While Vampires see their
‘mumortality as something outside of nature, mummies view

themselves as part of the world, with their cycles of life in
death providing them with constant invigoration and re-
newal.

World of Darkness: Mummy supplies you with full
‘details on generating and playing Mummy characters, rules
and descriptions of Egyptian sorrery. and an introdaction to
the spirit world which Mummies visitin their mystic cycle of
death and rebirth. Plus the sourcebook contains Storyteller
information such as game history, pregenerated Mummy
characters (inclading details on Rane Mummies), sod =

feature Story to introduce the material to your campaign
world

By itself, this sourcebook does not contain all ofthe game
rules necessary to run a campeign world, Mammy is
{intended to be used in conjaction with any Storytelling
{game(s) such as Vampire:the Masquerade and Werewolf:

‘The Apocalypse, making your campaign world more excit
ing and diversified for your woupe,

Introduction 7



Chapter One:

Che (Mummy

Angel or Devil
1 was thirsty
‘And you wet my lips

U2, Trip Through Your Wire

fore I begin my story, let me briefly introduce my
‘own mortal beginning. Ibecame a Vampire at age
2Ain Augustof 1927. Asa youth, was something
of a louse, uneducated and almost Brujah in my rebellious
‘ess and rashness. I was 1 product of my times, and what
times they were. The "Roaring "20s" is what these modern
‘American genceations call my carly years.

‘The times filled my life wth excess and glamour. Ithought
myself a toe creature of earthly passions — that is, until my
master came calling that night in August and I learned what
itreally meant to feel pleasure and to hunger for passion.

It was a litle after midnight; I remember the time pre-
‘cisely. Thad just returmedione of my girls, Julie, tober parents*
house. and her father had been quick to point out the eight
minute discrepancy between his watch and Julie's midnight
‘curfew. I told him that if Julie would learn to dress faster 1
‘could get her home on time, Like I said, I was something of
‘scoundrel in my mortal years. Iran away while the old man
began a tantrum that must have ended in a coronary.

Maybe it was the yelling of Julie's father that attracted my
‘master's attention, Who's to say? I think, though, that it was
because I stopped to take a bottle of whiskey from an
unconscious vagrant on my way home that I became evil
‘enough to be prey. A little theft, a small sin, but it was an
abuse of power against someone in a lower station of life.

Chapter One

‘The Embrace was quite rough. I remember a vise closing
‘over my shoulder and his teeth slashing intomy throat. twas
imugical. The surrender. The exquisite suicide of giving into
hhim. You have felt it; you know words cannot encompass that
experience.

Afterwards, while consciousness faded from me, ! looked
‘up at him. He dido't appear 50 magical theo, no angel of
mercy or devil in moral guise; just a man standing in the
alley, a murderer. So I asked him, probably telepathically
since my throat was tattered flesh, "What gives you the
right™

In response. he finished the Kiss and gave me eternal life.
Now, don't get the wrong impression. It wasn't guilt that
‘motivated him. My question had struck no chord of mercy in
his cold and vestigial heart. Rather I believe he wanted me
to become as he was and see for myself what gave him the
fight — what gives all of our kind the right.

Quite a monster he was. and nol much of a mentor. That
fact and my previously rough and loose mortal life made me
quite a terror of vampiric infancy. 1 was rebellious to the
CCamaritla, and I broke from my master early, never joining
the Sect and constantly maintaining my own couneel

| give you this brief personal background to help you
‘understand my state of mind when I first met the man named

‘Suhura. had moved to Chicago, where the street feeding was
‘cany. It was almost New Year's Eve in 1933, the midst of the

9


Depression, and the people had lime hope for 1934. 1 was
mirroring their sorrow, as our kind often does, when 1
chanced to spy a well-dressed man walking the streets of
downtown shortly after dark.

‘The man was accosted by a beggar who grabbed the
gentleman's coat and pleaded, "A few pennies for 2 pooe

‘The gentleman pushed the hegpar aside and paid the par
man only a fitany of curses. Seeing the beggar thoroughly
intimidated, the man tumed and continued up the street
without another glance.

‘What fun! To find a mortal 30 wrapped up i himself dat
he takes no time for his fellow humans. | immediately
sssumed the role of avenger and prowled after the heartless

| followed him silently for several blocks until be finally
tumed into an abandoned meat factory. Once inside, he began
topace acircle near the door, smoking acigarette. He stopped
pacing briefly to check a revolver in his coat pocket

1 taunted him from the shadows, mimicking the beggar's
voice, "A few pennies for a poor man"

He tumed about to face the voice, peering intothe shadows
where I hid. "Who's there?" he called in an urgent whip

{circled about him and called again. "A few pennies for a
poor man?"

The mortal became afraid. He brandished the pistol
‘waving iti the ar and yelling threats, He was making far too
‘much noise, so I crept behind him and ended his life

Twas lost in the reverie of the feast and barely noticed
another man enter the factory. This new individual was also
well-dressed but in clothes slightly out of fashion. He was
short and dark-complexioned, obviously of foreign stock.

While I considered whether to kill him or not, he spoke 10
me, quite calmly considering the bloody scene before hin.
"Quite a sad need your kind endures," he said.

My friendship with Sahura had begun. He removed an
Egyptian relic off ofthe freshly dead man —a museum thief
— and asked me back to his house, I was wary, but meeting
aman who knew of the Masqucrade was a tempting curvosty
and he drove us toa large brownstone on the city's north ide

‘The interior of Sahura's home was remarkable, especially
to my unworldly mind. Every room seemed filled with
antifacts of antiquity, a collection of artifacts rivaling most
‘museums, but the house's treasures were laid out for casual
comfort and use, not locked in easee of glass. Each room
‘reflected a specific time and place: a study from Renaissance
France, a dining room from medieval England, a bedroom of
Asian luxury and so forth for the cntire house.

Salura tet me peruse the building slowly, offering no
commentary and guiding me past a number of closed doors
‘When he finished showing me his home, be invited me into

the Persian living room, As we entered the room, several
servants replaced Sabura's overcoat with a smoking jacket

10 World of Darkness: Mummy


and provided him tea. He offered me a seat and took one
himself. I sat down, watching the servants carefully. They
were like ghosts, their bodies translucent and their white-
slippered feet floating above the woven carpet

"My given name is Sahura. I was born somewhere along
the bank of the Nile around 2600 B.C., during the reign of
Pharaoh Khufu, also called Cheops in current history books.
Since then. I have died and been reborn no less than 25

‘What?" [looked at him incredulously. "You've lived 25
times? And here I thought reincarnation was just some vain
mortal hope

Sahura flashed me a patronizing smile. "Not reincama.
tion. I've Kept the same body throughout all of my lives.
When I was dying for the very first time, I was honored for
my lifetime of paintings by being given an extraondinary
burial rite. Forreasons I still donot understand, the spells cast
upon me to protect and guide me in the afterworld instead
gave me immortality, My Ba. the part of me Christians might
call my soul, wandered the spirit worlds, forbidden to pass up
into the true realms of Elysium. My earthbound Ka, a shade
of my soul your culture calls ghosts, remained on this world
to protect my corporeal remains, Eventually, my souls were
rejuvenated, andl was able tareenter my physical shell olive
once mote. Thus began my second life."

Chapter One

My skepticism was waning. Sahura had a serene and
honest composure which did not lend itself to deceit, plus the
phantom servants were enough proof that I was dealing with
things outside my normal, rational view of reality (which, |
realize, is odd coming from a Vampire). "Youmean totell me
that you came back from the dead," I declared

"That's not entirely true, It depends on what you call
death. It's a very misunderstood phenomenon in your eu
‘and throughout the world today. My physical body died from
disease, but my souls did not pass on into the true spit real
of the dead. There are many spirit worlds, but there are places
where only the dead may go. Places which are still a mystery

to me
"How did you come back
‘Well, that's a rather involved process. Suffice to say that
there are ways that the Ba and Ka can reform the physical
shell nd reenter it. wasa great advantage to return toa body
that had been wonderfully embalmed and preserved.
"Who gave you this power?" I asked. my voice rising

"You said they gave itto you because you were an artist? Are
there more like you out there

"Calm down, my friend, we have plenty of time to learn
bout one another. To answer one of yourquestions,
43 of us who are immortal in a manner such as myself
travelers through time, making our mark in cert
of histo

pis

Hach of us received a ritual of burial upon our firs death
lar to my embalming rights. Similar, but Hot the same. A
few are cursed to a fate beyond my want to imagine, but those
are, fortunately, a minority. Most of ux have been enjoying
‘our immortal existence for several thousand years, thanks to
the necromancy of Isis and Anubis. The particulars of my
‘origin Iwill save, perhaps for another time,

"Allow me to tum the tables and ask you to introduce
‘yourself. I first ran across your kind in Constantinople. The
lady 1 met there was most fascinating and alluring. We
‘maintained a casual friendship for about alhundred years, but
since she died, I have only seen your kind sporadically. 1
would like to know what has become of your lot."

A World of Darkness:
Mummy

This supplement prescats the Mummy charwcter ax a2
addition 10 the Storytelling world of Vampire, Werewolf
and other games. Allof the characters presented in Storytelling
{games are meant to blend into a unique game world geared
toward emotionally intense stories. Uniimately, the degree
you wish to integrate the different character types into your
‘own game world is solely up to you and your group.


Character Creation Outline

Step One: Character Concept:

Who are you?
‘Identify Concept: Who were you, what have you
become?
* Choone Occupation: How did you define your-
‘self before becoming a Mummy?
+ Choose Nature and Demeanor (Optional): What

is your personality?
Step Two: Select Attibutes:
What are your basic capabilities?
Prioritize your three categories:
Primary 7, Secondary 5, Tertiary 3
* Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Stamina &
‘Dexterity

‘+ Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence
& Wits
_

Step Three: Select Abilities:
What do you know?

Prioritize your three categories:

Primary 20, Secondary 15, Tertiary 10
‘Choose Talents: Your innate, intuitive Abilities
* Choose Skills: Your trained Abilities

+ Choose Knowledges: Abilities you study and
memorize

Step Four: Select Advantages:

In what ways are you unique?
Choose Magical Skills: Limiaed by occupation
Choose Background Traits: May be limited by
roncle concept (6)

‘Choose Virtues: Conscience, Self-Control, Cour-
age, Honor, Love & Truth (10)

Step Five: Last Touches:
Filling in the all-important details

+ Record base Willpower = your Courage rating
+ Record base Sekhem = Occupation Magic Skill
x10

+ Record Ba = result of a single die roll

* Record Ka = $

+ Spend your 30 Freebie points on occupation and
to raise any trait
‘Acauirobae sets according orulesin Chater

‘This chapter describes how to create a Mummy character
Storytellers can decide for themselves to what extent they
‘want to integrate Mummies into their campaign (solely as
figures for the characters to mect or as personae the players
may take oo).

Character Generation

Like most "rules" sections of this book, the character
generation procedure presented in this chapter is meant tobe
‘only a guide. Allthe Storytelling games stress rule flexibility.
In that spirit, please teat the procedure below as « rough
‘outline and feel free to make your own way. If the system
below does not allow you enough points to be an able
‘musician, and the character you envision was teaching Nero
the strings while Rome burmed, bend the rules and give
yourself a few points. By the same token, look for areas
‘where your character really might not be a strong asthe rules
‘mandate. Maybe she never studied much Magic, or maybe
she never bothered to build up the resources that give hex

‘Background

Only one hard-and-fast ile should always be used: when
the concept ofthe character you want to play conflicts with
the rules, scrap the rules, not your concept. Keep in mind,
however, that characters who are all-powerful are not a
challenge to play, nor do they provide for a fun campaign.
Most ancient cultures, the Egyptians included, had gods who
‘were wracked with human weaknesses. Also, most of the
‘humocin your campaign will come from the times when your
character screws up — just like int real life. Discipline your
desires when you create your character and you will find that
‘you have more fun in the long run

Identity

‘Oh! Breathe not his name, let it sleep in the shade

Where cold and unhonour'd his relics are laid.

— Thomas Moore, Oh! Breathe Not His Name

‘The ancicat Egyptians took great stock in aamnes, When
‘new Pharaoh scended to power, he bore not one but five
different names as part of his title, Bven common folk had
‘multiple names, though their titles were not as grand as a
Pharnoh's. The Egyptians held tothe belief that i person's
rhame was not perpetuated after his death, the individual
‘would no longer exist. Therefore, most Pharaohs liked to
have their names scribbled on everything in sight.

Egyptian magic in particular held that knowing a thing's
true name gave the magician mastery over it. There is amyth
involving Isis and Ra wherein the goxdess goes to elaborate
Jengths to force Ra to divulge his true name to her, thereby


This multipicity of names, combined with Mummy char
acters having lived through dozens of lifetimes, creates some
confusion as to what to call these people when you meet
them. On the character sheet there is room for three names.

Carrent Name — The name or pseudonym the character
currently goes by, If the character lives in Kansas, he might
fot get away with calling himself Tchatcha-em-ankh witho
attracting a little attention,

Known Name — This is the name that the character was
known by in her first life, It ix also the name that most other

Mammies will call the character if they should meet. Ex-
amples are Sahara or ames.

‘True Name — This isthe secret name which isan integral
part of the character's being. To divulge it to even a dear
friend is a great leap of faith and trust. To divulge it to a
‘magician knowledgeable in Hekau (see Magic) is suicide. A
player may not even wish to write his True Name on his
character sheet

The next items on the character sheet are Nature and
Demeanor, Nature represents the character's innermost drive
tand philosophy. It is a long-lasting description of the
character's belief structure, Nature is very important to the
theme of Mumumy, as will be discussed later.

Demeanor is the surface personality of the character.
Demeanor can change many times, depending on the envi
ronment in which the character finds herself. Changin
Demeanor represents the subtly different personalities people
use to interact with different social groups or handle different
kinds of situational stress. Demeanor can change as often as
the player and Storyteller decide, but it usually fluctuates
between two or three different patterns which the character
habitually adopts

The Vampire rulebook contains a full listing of Arche-

types from which the player can choose her Nature and
Demeanor.

Birthyear can be anywhere from 3500 B.C. to 1.B,C. This
time span can be broadened somewhat, if the Storyteller and
player agree on the circumstances (¢.g- a medieval cult
revived the mummification ritual and somehow succeeded in
performing it correctly once in A.D. 855).

Apparent Age is the age of the character when she died.
This will be the age of the character's immortal body forever

‘Chronicle is the name of the Storyteller's Chronicle, or
alternately, the name or even the theme of the current story.
Some players enjoy writing the theme of the current story on
the sheet somewhere to remind themselves of the story's
‘emotional focus

Chapter One

ny

Occupations

‘Under Occupation, the player should list her character
ccupation during that character's original Egyptian
‘ime. Below is alist of some of the possibilities. Nexto each
‘occupation isa short list of the Attributes, Abilities and other
Advantages which the player may want to consider as stan
ing points for developing the character. Keep in mind that
Mummies have lived through a score of lifetimes and their
collection of Attributes, Abilities and Advantages really does
‘not depend on their firs lifetime's occupation, Occupation is

1 good starting point for devcloping the character, it
should not limit the development of the character.

Occupation does affect the amount of Magic Skill the
character possesses. It will also affect how other Mummies
Jook upon the character. Ancient Egyptian culture had 3
stratified social structure and Mummies see one another in
terms of their firs life personae, no matter how much the
individual has changed through the ages

Along with each Occupation, there is a Freebie point cost
which the character will pay at the end of character genera
Vion,


Architect

Attributes: Mental
Abilities: Carpentry, Construction, Demolitions, Archi-

tecture, Astronomy, Engineering. Geology, Mathematics,
Phywce

Magic Skill Points: 2
Freebie Cast: 7

Artist

Attributes: Mental
Abilities: Artistic Expression, Empathy, Forgery, Jew:
cler, Music, Pottery, Scribing, Art History, Theology

Magic Skilt Points: 3
Freebie Cost: 9

Beggar

Attributes: Social
Abilities: Acting, Brawl, Intimidation, Mimicry, Poetic
Expression, Scrounging, Singing, Streetwise, Trick, Brew-
ing/Distlling, Carousing, Fast-Talk, Gambling, Lock Pick-
ing. Pick Pocket, Public Speaking, Area Knowledge
Magic Skill Points: |
Freeble Cost: 4

World of Darknes:

Craftsman

Attributes: Physical

Abilities: Instruction, Blacksmith, Carpentry, Cooking,
Haggling. Jewels, Leatherworking, Poucty, Metallurgy

Magic Skill Points: 2
Freebie Cost: 7

Doctor

Altributes: Mental

Abilities: First-Aid, Herbalism, Hypnotism, Research
Alchemy. Biology, Chemistry, Medicine, Psychology
Thanatology

Magle Skill Points: $

Freebie Cost: 13

Farmer

Attributes: Physical

Abilities: Animal Ken, Animal Training, Brewing/Dis:
tilling. Carpentry. Herbalism. Survival, Tracking. Traps
Biology (loraagriculture)

Magie Skill Points: 1

Freebie Cost: 4

Merchant

Attributes: Social

Abilities: Acting, Alertness, Diplomacy, Intrigue, Sense
Deception, Bribery, Carousing. Etiquette, Fast-Talk, Gam-
bling. Haggling. Sleight of Hand, Speed Reading. Account
ing, Area Knowledge, Bureaucracy, Economics, Finance,
Linguistics, Politics

Magic Skill Points: 2

Freebie Cost: 7

Magician

Attributes: Mental

Abilities: Intimidation, Search, Singing. Animal Ken,
Herbalisin, Meditation, Orienteering, Research, Scrbing.
Speed Reading. Aichemy, Astrology. Astronomy, Biology
‘Chemistry, Faerie Lore, Magus Lore, Metallurgy. Mcteoro
‘ogy, Naturalist, Ocul, Spirit Lore

Magic Skill Points: 6

Freebie Cost: 15

Pharaoh

Attributes: Social

Abilities: Animal Ken, Diplomacy, Intrigue, Leaders!
Seduction, Sense Deception, Cxrousing, Drive (char
Exiquette, Hunting, Melee, Public Speaking. Ride, Style,
Throwing, Tracking, Astrology, Bureaucracy, Economics,
History, Law Politics, Theology

Magic Skilt Points: 4

Freebie Cost: 12

: Mummy


Priest

Attributes: Social

Abilities: Animal Ken. Diplomacy. Bribery. Cooking.
Eriquette, Haggling. Herbalism, Meditation, Music, Public
‘Speaking. Astrology, Cryptography. Law. Meteorology, Spirit,
Lore, Thanatology, Theology

Magic Skill Points: 4

Freebie Cost: 11

Sailor/Fisherman

Attributes: Physical

Abilities: Athletics, Brawl, Search, Seduction, Streetwise,
‘Acrobatics, Boat Handling, Carousing, Climbing, Cooking.
Fishing, Gambling, Melee, Orienteering. Repair, Swimming,
Astrology, Astronomy, Meteorology

Magic Skill Points: 2

Freebie C

Warrior

Attributes: Physical

Abilities: Aleriness, Athletics, Brawl, Diplomacy, Dodge,
Instruction, Intimidation, Leadership, Trick, Animal Train-
lng. Archery, Drive (chariot), First Aid, Gambling. Melee,
Stealth, Survival, Throwing, Bureaucracy. Politics

Magie Skill Paints: 2
Freebie Cost: 7
SS

Attributes

Attributes measure your character's essential components,
‘of being: his physical, social and mental make-up. They
determine how strong. smart and handsome he is (or how
weak, dull-witted and crude).

tributes are grouped into three main categories: Physi-
cal, Social, and Mental. Under each area is a list of three
Attributes. Next to each Attribute is a line of eight circles
Which you can darken in with a pencil to show the magnitude
‘of development the character possesses in that Attribute. One
darkened circle next toan Attribute represents inferior devel-
‘opment in that area, whereas five circles represents the
‘maximum development normal mortal could possibly
develop. It is possible through Egyptian sorcery for the
character to atain Attributes above 5, vaulting her into the
realm of the supeehuran

Tye first circle in each Attribute is free foreach character,
‘but more must be bought. This represeats the fact that every
character has at least some development in every Attribute
(evtually, this isn't quite (rue, but the eaceptions comme fate).
‘Don't getexcited yet though, one circle is awfully poor. Your
characteris still a buti-ugly imbecile. You'll get to improve
hhim in a second, but first a brief description of exactly what
‘each Atribuic represents isin unde.

Physical

Strength — Are you a girlie man or is Amold too
‘embarrassed to flex when you're around'? Actually. Strength
does not necessarily imply a well-defined physique. It is a
‘measure ofthe character's muscle power output —her ability
to lift weight and move heavy objects. In physical confron-
tations. it also determines how hard the character can hit

Dexterity — This attribute ix a measure of muscular
integration, reflexes and finesse of movement. Does the
‘character move gracefully and have the hands ofa surgeon,
‘orisacold the only thing he can catch? Dexterity determines
the character's ability in many feats of athletics as well as his,
ability t0 use tools (including many weapons)

Stamina — Stamina is a measure of the character's
‘muscular endurance and general health. Stamina also deter-
‘mines the characters resistance to physical harm.

Social

Charisma — This Attribute covers innumerable intan-
sibles of human interaction such as body language, facial
expression, dynamic personality. voice inflection, etc. Cha
‘isma powers social interactions with firs introductions and
casual acquaintances. It represents the character's ability to
‘make others like him. Charisma can be used to begin a sincere
friendship or equally well to deceive. Salesmen and leaders
such as Hitler rely on Charisma to succeed.

Manipulation — Although Manipulation normally car-
tes connotations of ill will, character can utilize his ability
to manipulate other people in both good and bad ways.
Manipulation represents the character's ability to get other
‘People todo things. Manipulation would be used in situations
as varied as fast talking an old lady out ofa buck to convinc:
ing a psychiatric patient to face reality.

Appearance — Pure physical beauty; never to be under-
‘estimated as a means of getting what you want through other
people, it only goes so far. Prolonged relationships usually
fequire more than beauty. Models and many celebrities rely
(on Appearance for success.

Mental

Perception — This attribute is a measure of mental
awareness and concentration. High perception allows the
character to successfully utilize her knowledge to identify
situation or dea a between seemingly worelated
clues. Are you Sherlock Holmes or Inspector Gadget?

Intelligence — Try to remember the faces and names in
your third-grade clas. Stop reading for a minute and try to
‘think of your teacher and all your friends from third grade

‘Any luck? How's your memory? Now imagine that you
hhaye been alive for a long time and thind grade was 3,000
Years ago. How's your memory now?

Chapter One Is


‘Simply remembering their past experiences and acquain-
tances is. a monumental task for Mummy characters. The
shulls and knowledge built up over so many lives can easily
be forgotten without a good memory. The Inelligence At-
tribute is vital 1o Mummy characters since it measures the
‘character's memory. A character with an Intelligence of one
thas a brain like a sieve, while an Intelligence af five is nearly
‘eidetic, However, evenan Intelligence of five does not insure
‘tention of all past experiences since the death-rehirth cycle
hhasa slightly amnesiac effect (tobe discussed in more depth
later),

The other side of the Intelligence Attribute is no less
imports, W represents the chacacter"s pure elle, ard ts
vital to saccessful application of many Knowledge Abilities,

Wits — Wits represents the character's mental agility. 1s

she a quick thinker or dull-witted? Wits could also be called
‘common sense or wisdom. Characters with a low rating in

‘Wits may be headstrong or stubborn, while high ratings in
‘Wits shows a more serene wisdom,

Assigning Points

For character generation, you should rank the three At-
tribute categories in order of the character's development in
‘each area. As an example, if your character conception is a
burly, gruff man who used to be a foreman on pyramid
construction, you might rank his Attribute categories as
Physical first, Mental second and Social last.

‘Once you have ranked the categories all characters have
7 points to divide up between the three Attributes in your
Primary category. $ points in your second most important
‘category, and 3 points in your weakest category. Your only
restnction on spending is that no Attribute can be raised
above five — the human tint.

In our foreman example, you might spend his attribute
Points in the following way: Physical (+4 Sucngih, +2
‘Stamina, and +1 Dexterity = 7 extra points), Mental (+2
Perception, +2 Intelligence, +1 Wits = $ extra points), and
‘Social (+2 Manipulation, +1 Appearance, +0 Charisma = 3
‘xtra points). These extra points are added on tothe rating of
1 which your character automatically received in each At-
tribute. By allotting the points, you determine the strengths
and weaknesses of the character's persona.

Abilities

Abilities represent the fields of human endeavor — what
people do. A character's rating in an Ability represents his
Proficiency in that area, whether it be singing, karate or
architecture.

Abilities ae divided into Talents, Skills and Knowledges
Talents are intuitive Abilities which everyone possesses in
some measure. They are instinctive and experiential, and!
thus ifficult or impossible to improve by practice or study.
Talents are developed through use and expericnce. Skills
‘include Abilities which are leamed through training and
Usually involve physical applications. Knowledge abilities
are more cerebral and include academic subjects and learned
cexpertises

Mummy characters, by virtue of their incredibly long
lives, have had the opportunity to excel in many Abilities.
‘Those whohave continued to lear and grow with history will
be storchouses of information and skill. The sole limiting
factor on the character's depth of ability is his memory, as
represented by the character's Intelligence attribute. Like
Altributes, to assign ratings in Abilities the player must first
‘rank the three calcgones of Abilities: Talents, Skills and
Knowledges. The player may then spend 20 points on Abili-
ties im the primary area, 15 in the second and 10 inthe third
‘Qur pyramid foreman may choose to spend 20 in Skills 1S
In Knowledges and 10 in Talents.

‘The points are spent one for one to get ratings in Abilities.
AA listing and full description of Abilities, divided into Tal-
ents, Skills, and Knowledges, is provided in the Vampire
rulebook. The list is expanded in The Players Guide. Sev-
ral new Secondary Abilities are included below.

‘Your character's Intelligence Attribute plays two roles in
Aetermining Abilities. Fiet, you may only put points into
Abilities up toa rating equal to your character's Intelligence
‘ating, unless it is an Ability which your character would
have leamed or developed in her current lifetime. Whee
‘Mummies pass through their spirit phase and are "reborn"
into theic physical bodies, they suffer some amnesiac effects
To varying degrees depending on their Intelligence, charac-
ters forget the detailed knowledge that makes them expertsin
Abilities. The exceptions to this rule are skills that the
character has developed or releamed during his current life.
What skills can be included in this area depend on the
‘character's history thatthe player develops. The Storyteller
should arbitrate the use of this rule.

For example, our pyramid foreman has an Intelligence of
3. representing an above average memory. He has spent his
Ability points between Skills, Knowledges and Talents, and
‘now must ook at the effects of Intelligence on his Ability
selections. He has two Abilities with ratings above his
Intelligence Attribute: 5 points in the Construction skill and
4 points in the Architecture knowledge. He checks with the
‘Storyteller, and they agree tha since he has resumed work in
the construction trade during his current life, the rating of $
{in that skills okay. However, since he bas yet to lea much


English and has lived in the USA, chances are he hasn't
restucied his architecture. Therefore he drops the fourth point
in architecture and respends it in another knowledge.

New Secondary Talents

‘Animal Empathy: Animal Empathy is a Talent which
measures a character's innate ability to relate to animals. At
lower levels of ability, the character will beable to accurately
gauge an animal's disposition (Lc. angry, playful, hungry)
and then can react accordingly. With increasing ability, the
character can almost mystically commune with the animal 10
subtly change its behavior.

‘Ancient Egyptians were known for keeping exotic pets,
including cats, baboons, binds, and crocodiles. Pharaoh

Ramses Il was said to have trained tigers which went with
‘him into combat,

. Novice: Been tothe 200.
"Practiced: Loves pets.

s+ Competent: Veteran mailman.
see Expert: Animals' best friend
sv Master: Lord of the Jungle

‘Trick: This is a talent for tomfoolery. Everyone from
jesters to con men utilize the Trick Talent to ply their trade,
Tt measures a character's general ability to pull off stunts of

‘deception, and more specifically govems such things as
keeping a poker face, lying convincingly, and knowing bow
to set up physical props and/or people to pull of such stunts.
Nowice: Prankster

%* Practiced: Good for winning bar bets

Competent: Grifter

se Expert: Con Man

some Master: Professional Sting Man
‘Writing: This talent covers the character's innate ability

to write prose. It is a combination of the character's style,
‘organization and pure ability toentertain o captivate. Whether
the work isa mammoth piece of literature ora shor article for
the newspaper, the character's Writing talent isthe diving
force forthe creation

. Novice: Thinks about writing
Practiced: Sold a few pieces

s+ Competent: Freelance work in demand
seer Expert: Pulitzer Contender

sseee Master: Destined for Nobel Prize

New Secondary Skills

Construction: This skill covers the competencies re
quired in the building construction trade. Laying concrete
foundations, welding, masonry and riveting, a well as opera
tion of heavy construction machinery, are all included in this
skill. The character may specialize in buildings, tunnels,
bridges, roads, ete. At higher levels, the character also has a
‘working knowledge of many engineering and architectural

+ Novice: Summer wark
Practiced: Apprentice

~ Competent: Tradesman

see Expert: Site Foreman

eee Master: Organized major projects

Scribing: The skill of scribing includes.alligraphy, shor-
‘hand, hieroglyphics and other forms of penmanship. The

skill is rapidly fading from importance, as new tools replace
the need for manually drafted or copied decimente. bet the
skill does stil exist, having become more of an artform than

4 professional service
+ Novice: Can write neatly
Practiced: Knows some calligraphy
s  Competent; Master of styles and fonts
sw Expert: Able to render clear pictograms
swe Master: Has restored the splendor and

"majesty of penmanship,


New Secondary Knowledge

Thanatology: Thanatology is an exotic knowledge area
which involves the study of death. It covers quite a wide
range of areas including spiritual phenomenon, physical
aging. life-after-death experiences and medical causes of
death. Researchers of thanatology all take different slants on
the topic. but their end goal is to understand what happen
when we die. Thanatology is an important knowledge area
for Mummy characters, since it also includes the study of
embalming and other death rituals

Novice: Curious reader
Practiced: Some background study

‘Competent: Spiritual investigator or phi
losophy professor

Expert: True mystic or autopsy MD.
sms Master: Knows the secrets?
—

Advantages

Now it's time for some fun. Advantages cover all of the
‘miscellaneous items that round out the character and make
her an extraordinary and mystical being

The first advantage ix Magic Skil Ancient Feyptians
have left the workd a tremendous legacy of magic and
superstition. Even in their own time, the Egyptians were
renowned amongst other civilizations for being a very super
sitios people The Greek historians in particular recorded
‘many of the odd mannerisms and beliefs of the Egyptians

The use of magic andthe Egyptian beets initare covered
{in more detail in the Magic chapter ofthis book. Players who
are conser has te wih «Magical eapeitioe
will want to consult that chapter before firmly deciding
hich Magic Skills to selec.

sic

The player may take as many points in the various Magic
Skills as is listed under his character's chosen Occupation.
‘The character's first occupation largely determines his mag
cal ability, because the character's first life was practically
his sole opportunity to lear the skills and enchantments of
ancient Egypt. The only other chances he would have are
either living additional lifetimes in ancient Egypt, or learning
skills from other Mummies. Note that hermetic magic, prac:
ticed by Magi, isan entirely different sort of magic which is
‘more inline with Tremere Clan incantations. Mummy Magic
‘Skills and the magic used by Magi and Tremere draw upon
similar forces but are entirely different skills

the player selects an Occupation which is not listed. the
‘Storyteller should assign the number of points the player may
spend. Like Abilities, the points are spent on a one-for-one
basis to raise any skills the player selects. There are 00
‘memory limits or bonuses on selecting Magic Skills. The
only free Magic Skill is one point in Necromancy which
every Mummy character has and which every character lives
and dies by.

Magic Skills

Below is a brief description of each skill. Refer to the
Magic chapter for more detail

Alchemy — Not just the Knowledge Ability of the wn-
aware, alchemy is the true knowledge of manufacturing
potions and ointments for an incredible variety of uses,

Amulets — Those few who possess this skill are able to
trap the forces of magic and imprison them in physica items
She who possesses the item und knows its true nature can
wield those forces.

Celestial — At once the most powerful and weakest of
Magic Skills. A Master of the stars and their alignments is
able to work hage feats of magic, affecting weather and
natural phenomena on a global scale.

Figurines — Ancient Egyptians well knew the methods
by which statues and carvings could be made to take on the

life of that which they represent. Masters of this skill are
never without allics oF servants.

Hekau — The power of true names is the power to
nan

18 World of Darkness: Mummy


‘Necromancy — A Magic Skill most revered in ancient
Egypt. Necromancy includes rituals to safeguard the dead to
the etemal realms, incantations for contacting the spirit
world, plus a host of nasty, diy, darker magic.

Experience

‘The next Advantage is Experience. This space is used for
recording how many points of experience the character has
accumulated but not used. The Storyteller usually rewards
characters with experience at the end of a game session or a
Story. Guidelines for giving and using experience are pro-
vided in Vampire. Provided is alist of experience costs for
‘raising Mummy character's stats

‘More than mere experience is necessary to advance in
‘magic. Spending the required experience isthe last step; first
the character must seek out an able teacher from whom she
‘can earn. See the Magic chapter for more detais on learning.
Magic Skills and spells,

The Soul

‘The ancient Egyptians did not share the Judeo-Christian
belief im the human soul. One soul was far 100 simple a
‘concept for the superstitious Egyptians. They believed living,
beings had no less than nine parts to their bodies and souls.
Historians differ slightly in interpreting the exact beliefs of
the Egyptians in regard oll these metaphysical parts, but for
‘game purposes they are defined in Chapter Three. For now,
just consider Sekhem, Ba and Ka,

‘Sekhem represents the character's personal life force and
capacity to power sorcery. Newly created characters begin
with a Sekhem rating equal 10 the number of Magic Skill
points received from his Occupation multiplied by 10. For
‘example. a doctor would receive Sx 1050 points of Sekhem
during character generation. Write the number in the box
next to Sekhem on the character sheet, and also bubble this
same number in the current score Sekhem track (Suggestion:
To avoid wearing a hole in your character sheet with your
‘eraser during the course of play, youmay wish wo attach a 3x5
{index card and record your character'scurrent Sekhem ont)
A character may never raise his maximum Sekhem score
above 99.

Ba is a part of a character's soul. Mummies gradually
deplete their Ba force while living. and regenerate it during
their dead seasons. Players roll a die for their character's
beginning Ba score. A 10 indicates the character has just
woke after a long sleep, while a low score indicates the
‘character will soan be lying down for a litle pseudo-eternal
rest.

Kai the part of the character's being which becomes her
‘eanthbound ghost when she is dead, A character's begins with
a Ka rating of 5

Willpower

Experienced Vampire gamers well know the importance
of the next Advantage, Willpower. It is a measure of the
‘character's resolve in the face of adversity. Players track both

Chapter One

Willpower ‘current rating
Virtue ‘current rating

Ability ‘current rating x 2

Ba ‘ot applicable

Ka ‘current rating

Attribute ‘current rating x4

Magic Skills current rating x 5

New Magic Skill 7

New Spel! spell' difficulty number

Notes: Attributes can only be raised up to five using
‘experience, Mummy characters require magic to push
their Attributes into supernatural ranges

{he character's maximum Willpower rating (in the squares)
«as well as the character's current Willpower (in the circles).
‘AS astory progresses, the character's mental determination
"will be tested by adversity. requiring her to persevere to her
{godl. Thisisreflected by the current Willpower rating. which
the player spends throughout the story; it ix only replenished
‘when the character accomplishes feats that renew his sense of
direction (see Nature and Demeanor in Vampire).

‘A Mummy character's starting Willpower is equal to his
starting value in the Courage Virtue. The player may wish to
increase the score using Freebie points the end of character
‘generation. Note that this determines the character's maxi-
raum Willpower as well as his current Willpower at the
beginning of his first Story

Backgrounds

‘lackgrounds are special resources available tothe charac
ter, representing such things as temporal power and connce:

tions in moral society. Mummy characters have 6 points to
sperid in choosing Backgrounds. The following Backgrounds
are open o them, and a full explanation of most of these
Backgrounds can be found in the Vampire rulebook

Allies

Allie are friends and family who will support the charac-
{cr in casual and indirect ways, providing lexging or small
favors. Calling on them 10 risk their lives oF lifestyles 1s
usually beyond the character"srelationship with them. Many
‘Mummies maintain contact with members of their extended
family trees, inclading some of the Mummy's descendants
"These huge family tees-can be widespread support organiza
tioms forthe character (depending on how many Background


points the player forks aver for it. Usually the character will
[present herself asa distant cousin to maintain the secret of her
tmmortaltty

Contacts

‘The character knows people in key places. The relation-
ship is not necessarily friendly, but the character can usually
coax or coerce information from his Contacts.

Fame
A blessing and a curse for Mummies. just like Vampires.

Influence

Influence is indirect temporal power. The character has
‘connections in high places of goverment oF business, oF at

least relatively high places depending on the character's
score,

Retainers

While dedicated servants are a great boon to Vampires,
‘Mummies are not quite so dependeat on. They are, however,
‘of great help to Mummies in caring for the character's
physical assets (both financial and corporeal) while she
dead. Many Mummies start making good fiends when their
Ba starts getting low,

Sti

Since there are no organizations such as the Camarilla oF
Clans binding Mummies together, a Mummy character's
Status among his peers may appear to be less of a resource
than it is to Vampire characters. However, while Mummies
typically maintain loose contact with one another, they do-
stay aware of each other's general whereabouts and condi-
tion. There isa strong sense of companionship and fraternity
among the Mummies, and Mummy characters who are re-
spected among their peers (high Status) can expect some
favors. Aid from other Mummies is especially helpful while
the character lies mer death state to protecthber body, as well
as when she is reborn and desires some financial assistance
to regain her preferred lifestyle or educational help to catch
‘up with the times. Of course, to maintain their Status ratings,
characters are expected to conduct themselves well and
reciprocate the favors.

‘When deciding a character's Status, the player should
‘consider the character's initial Occupation. The character's
social class in his fist life forms his frst impression on other
Mummies, and they will tend to always treat him with the
appropriate level of respect Exceptions certainly occur in
‘both directions — falling from grace or proving to be a wise

and true ctemal confidant despite lowly beginnings will
tnfluence almost anyone,

20

Supernatural

[Mummies come from a superstitious society and many are
themselves accomplished magicians, They do not lead their
tives dismissing and rationalizing away bizarre sightings and
‘Phenomenon as do many mortals in the modem world. With,
such a perspective, Mummies have come to discover and.
become very familiar with many of the supernatural elements
‘which are active in the world.

By assigning points to the Supematural Background, the

character may select one acquaintance who is either Vam-
pire, Lupine, Magus, Ghost or even a Faerie. At the
SSocylirsdacreion, payers may uso select oer mer.
‘natural entities such as psychics and elementals with which
the character has developed a relationship contact. Bane
‘Mummies may have Demon Supematural contacts,

‘The player and Storyteller should develop and define each
‘Supernatural contact, just as under the Contact Background,
‘One point should allow for the character to know and be
Known by » supematural being. while more points can
increase the power of the being known or the closeness of
their relationship.

‘This can be an incredibly potent resource tothe character
ifthe Storyteller chooses wallow the contactto be apowertul
individual (a 2,000 year old Vampire the Mummy met in
ancient Rome). Supematural contacts also provide a cohe-
‘ive method of maintaining contact between two character

Virtues describe aspects of the character's morality, val-
tues and basic personality. They are therefore an important
‘Advantage in defining the character for roleplaying. Every
‘character starts witha score of one in all Virtues. The player

may then elect to spend up to 10 dots to raise his beginning
Virwes,

‘Vampire presented three Virtues — Conscience, Self-
Control and Courage — which are described in detail in the

rulebook characters may select these Virtues, or
‘any of the additional ones listed below.

Honor encompasses many ofthe noble traits, but primarily
‘deals with loyalty to friends, family, organizations and coun-
tries. Honorable characters have adopted the values and
‘canons that guide their relationship or organization, and they
will absolutely resist thoughts or actions contrary to that
code

‘Fair weather friend
Layalyy of Convenicace
True Friend

Honorable

Chivatrous

World of Darkness: Mummy


Love

Some go through life secing the worst in others, while
thers show love by cultivating and nurturing that which ie
good around them. Sometimes Love is the only emotion
stroog enough to give humans the willpower to survive
calamity

A Pessimmist
Normal
s+ — Benevolent

Loving

Mother Teresa

Trath

A virtue often taught but seldom followed is adherence 10
‘ruth. Truth means not only honesty and integrity in speech
and action towards others, but also to oneself. Being truthful
{o yourself means facing reality and is a character's best
defense against mental illness or derangement

Deceitful

White liar

Honest

Te

Saint

Health

Health shows the character's physical well-being, Ashe i
hhurt through accident or violence, the player can track the
character's condition by marking off baxes as the character
{s injured or recovers. The Extra boxes are added for record:
Keeping convenience Some characters can increase the
amount of punishment their mind and body can take through
magic, and the extra boxes can be used to indicate these bonus
levels of injury,

For example, a character whose Stamina has been raised
107 by the Draught of the Ox could mark two of the extra
squares to show that he has two additional levels of injury
before he begins to suffer penalties. When the character is
injured, the player would mark these first injury levets by
crossing through the circles corresponding to the two Extra,
squares.

Freebie Points

‘The last step of creating the characteris spending Freebie

Points. The player has a pool of 30 points which can be used
to buy dors in any area of the character sheet. These points

help round out the player's image ofthe character in termns of
stats. The following list shows the number of Freebie points
required to purchase different points in different arcas. Note
that before making ower purctiases, the player must pay for

Chapter One

the character's chosen Occupation. For example, a Magician
character would have to pay 15 of ber 30 Freebie points for
her occupation

Area Cost

Magic Skills. 6

‘Attributes s

Abilities
Virtues

Ba

Ka
Backgrounds
Willpower
Selthem 1/3 points of Sekbem
ireebie points cannot be psed to acquire spells. The
rhumber of spells a Mummy has at the start of the game is
discussed in the next chapter.

That's it for the statistics of the character, but as good
roleplayers and Storytellers know, stats are only the skeleton
of the character. The character's background and personality
tare what flesh out the skeleton. To develop the character's
lifeline, you may want go to history books (or yes, even your
Jocal library) and finding some key time periods or events
during which the character was alive of even witnessed or

Participated. History is fascinating stuff. it easily file the
character's life with excitement and significance.



Chapter Cwo: (Mag ic

Oh come, Dr. Muller. Surely a ew thousand years in the
earth would take the mumbo jumbo off of any old curse?

— that Oxford chap, The Mummy

yconversationwithSahura went deep into
the night and early morning, He was
‘captivated by my own Vampiric history,
though I gathered from his insightful questions tha he knew
‘more about the power structures of the Camarilla and Varm-
pire Clans than I did. For my part, 1 was enthralled by his
accounts of his immortal existence. I left the hour before
‘dawn but made arrangements to meet with him again,

‘We began meeting regularly and became good friends. In
many ways. Sshura took a patemal role towards me. He
‘educated me in many arcas of etiquette so that over the next
few years, many of my personalty's rougher edges were
smoothed away. He also entreated me to feast upon his
Pevvate hbrary My formal education had been cut short in my
youth, and I had never truly exercised my brain, but Sahura's
‘tories ofthe past made me an avid reader of history.

Inthat house Hearned a great many things about the world
sod about Saleara's kind, whom I called Mummiesaficr I had
seen the Boris Karloff talking picture of 1932. Sabura him-
self had been a scribe in the court of the pharaoh. Being a
humble man, he wouldn't tell me what monuments he had
worked on, but f gathered that his work must have been
important to someone. It evidently caught the attention of a
cult of magicians who, according to Sabura, had been the
caretakers since the time of Osiris of a necromantic ritual

which granted eternal life. When Sahura had fallen sick tothe
coughing disease and was on his deathbed, the magicians
visited his house and performed the ritual for him.

Neither Sahura nor any of his brothers and sisters in
immortality seemed to know why they had been chosen to
receive the ritual. Allof them were vertan, however, that the
ccult which maintained the ritual had been destroyed some:
time around the birth of Christ

Sahura corresponded with several Mummies, and be read
‘me Segments of the leters so that I felt that [knew several of
them.  nevermetany of them, however, until Sahuratook me
to see Tehatcha-em-Onikh

Of ll the wondrous things about Sahura, what fascinated
ime the most when I first knew him was his command of
‘magical forces, He would explain some of these things, such
a his phantom servants, called ushabuis, in general terms
The servants issued forth out cf small wooden figurines
‘Whenever there was a chore to be done in the house. Sahura
‘explained ushabtis were traditionally buried with Egyptians
to actastheir servants inthe afterword. They could work the
fields forthe deceased so that he could rest inthe afterwoeld.
Apparently many muscumscarry collections of the figurines,
bout takes magical skill to free the servants from thei statue
forms,

Chapter Two


My host constantly professed that he held but a layman's
knowledge of magic. He told stories of the great magicians of
ancient Egypt and their incredible feats. He also spoke of the
gradual decline of magic over the first two millennia of his
life. He spoke of the bewildering confusion of theologies that
‘muddied the art of magic until it was naught but myth, and he
spoke of the burning of the library at Alexandria,

‘Still forall of Sahura's humility. his servants never ceased
to fascinate me, and his work with incantations on the many
amulets he wore or the rod he carried allowed him to
accomplish uncanny feats.

earned of Tehatcha-em-Onkh in March of 1935, when
winter had yet to lift off of Chicago. As I entered his study,
Sahura was penning a leter to a friend in the odd pictogram
writing. His brush strokes were flawlessly elegant on the
parchment

"Who are you writing?"
"Tehatcha-em-Onkh," be replied without looking up.
wer

‘A great sorcerer, Fabulous for his time, though by his
time he was not privy to the pure skills of magic like Isis or
Anubis were."

‘When did he live?
‘About two months ago."
‘No, I mean when did he first live?"

<<

‘iim,

English language. So confusing. I knew him
‘when I was a young man in Khufu's court. He taught me ll,
Of the magic I know — a mere drop in his ocean of knowl:
edge. 1 tumed to the easier and more artistic pursuit of
scribing before I became a serious student.

"What are you writing'

"Well, I'm asking him to warm this damn city up, at feast
fora week. More importantly. I'm asking him if Lcould study
with him again for awhile.

Really

My distress must have show
stopped scribing and came to stand beside me

''m also asking him if could bring you to vist hie, just
for a day. I think you should see another of my kind, and 1
know that you would be fascinated by the magic Tehatchs
em-Onkh can weld"

"What about our friendship? I feel as though we are just
becoming friends

"Well, Edward, the beauty of being immortal is that we
have many days abead. If Tchatcha-em-Cnkh agrees to tutor
‘me, Iwill probably spend a decade with him. Meanwhile I'd
like to give you the deeds to my property here in Noth
‘America and ask you to look after them a bit. 1 would
appreciate the favor."

‘And so it came to pass. Tehatcha-em-Onkh replied to
Sahurain adream.and owe left Chicago cn an unseasonably
warm night in late March. I only wish to briefly describe my
meeting with Tchatcha-cm-Onkh to give you an idea of the
magic these immortals can wield. Ihave promised to keep the
location of his dwelling in strictest confidence since the man
has lived there for thousands of years and enjoys his privacy
Besides, I'm not really sure where it is.

Sahura aod I left at midnight, He handed me a slender
silver chain with asmai! amulet attacted. We meat tothe rf
of the brownstone where he bade me put the amulet on while
the donned an identical chain, Immediately, my heart seemed
to fluter and the city began to fall away beneath me as 1
floated op inno the sky.

"Wonderful," I said. Sahura simply smiled

‘We broke through the clouds and our ascent halted. Sabura
stepped down onto the rlling surface of the cloud asf were
solid ground

"Let's go. The sun will rise earlier up here," he said and
began to hike off across the clouds.

I followed him across the white drifting plain for the rest
of the night. Once during our trek, I stopped to point out a
shooting star blazing in the heavens above.

"Ra does battle with Apophis so the sun may rise tomoe-
row," he explained.

1 thought it was a meteorite."

"That 10," he said.

I said, a bit hurt §

4 World of Darkness: Mummy


‘When the sky began to brighten and my skin tingle, we
‘dropped through the clouds down into wilderness terrain
alike anything in the Midwest. Our cloud bike had taken us
ite far. I spent the night in a cave. and the next evening
Sahura and I finished our hike to Tchatcha-em-Onkh's pal-
ace. Again, | will refrain from description.

‘Tehatcha-em-Onkh received us personally. He was short,
thin and dark skinned with no race of body hair, He wore a
simple white shirt and breeches buckled with a gold clasp.
His countenance was serene but not quite benevolent, and his
eyes held power — absolute power.

He greeted Sahura formally inold Egyptian. His voice was
soft and controlled. Sahura introduced me, still speaking
Egyptian. The wizard tured to me and spoke.

"He bids you greetings and welcomes you to his house."
Sahura translated.

{thanked him and we entered a plush living area where my
host and friend enjoyed a small repast and conversation.
Sahura translated pieces for me, telling me Tehatcha-cm-
‘Onikh had just had a Garou visitor he had aided in a matter of
the spirit world. He also said it had been seven lifetimes since
bre had hosted a Vampire,

‘Then we toured his laboratories — a fascinating. enchant-
ing and bewitching comucopia of the occult. Three rooms
had been devoted solely to.alchemy, and adjoined a store-
oom with innumerable specimens of plant, animal and rock.
‘A tower had been converted tothe study of the heavens, with
three telescopes and star charts dating from the Egyptians,
Romans, Mayans and modem times lining the walls. An
adjoining building for smithing, complete with furnaces for
smelting and stores of raw ores, almost drove me into frenzy
from the beat. And, finally, a huge earthen crypt filed with
the trappings ofa trve necromancer lay under the compound.
That part of the tour we cut short for both Sahura's and my
own comfort.

‘After the tour, Tehatcha-em-Onkh retired from our com-
ppany and Sahura took me back up to the stargazing tower.
‘Through one ofthe great windows he showed a constellation
tome.

"That is Seshat, the wife of Thoth. She scribes the lives of
men on the leaves ofthe tree of heaven. When we were here
‘arti this night, Tehatcha-cm-Onkh wked Seahat 10 show
your leaf to him. He said that many important things will
‘weigh on your shoulders one day."

"Is that good or bad?"

Good, I think."

"W's a bit ambiguous, don't you think?"

"Fortunes are best lft that way. lest people rely on fate
alone to carry out their lives. He did say you should follow the
constellation of Horus, that it would guide you well until your
days ase done."

"He did't mention when that would be. did he? 1 was
Under this weird impression that I was immortal."

Chapter Two

‘Sahura grimaced. "Edward, you know that your kind can
face the Final Death, unlike Tchatcha-em-nkh and myself
‘And the deaths you face are rarely pleasant."

‘Sahura jooked away to hide is expression. [said nothing.

"You'd best go now. There to your lft isthe constellation
‘of Horus. Hike towards it and you will go home." With that
hhe rubbed my silver amulet and helped me step out the
window.

———
The Magic of the Nile

‘Mummy characters have many facets of power. Some are
‘mundane, such as temporal resources or learned skills and
knowledges, while others, such as unique spiritual powers
and the skills of magic, ae supematura.

"Mutnmies carry on a tradition of powerful enchantments
‘whose origins date back to ancient times, Only a few Mum-
mies, such as Tehatcha-em-Onkh, have a degree of mastery
‘over these ancient magical abilities, The rest have a smatter-
{ing of knowledge picked up in their first few lives or earned
from masters like Tehatcha-em-Onkh, All Mutnmies have
‘one thing in common, however. Just asthey guard their very
existence from mortals through their own Masquerade, s0 do
they zealously guard their magical knowledge, especially
from those mortals who could use it. To Mummies, their
magic represents a cafeguard against the passage of ime and
the changes accompanying it

‘This chapter introduces a few new terms as it describes
‘ules for using, resisting and learning Egyptian magic. Italso
details many incantations foreach Magic Skil, thought the
Storyteller is encouraged to create more, including rituals
specifically tailored to fit a Scene or Story.

Storytellers should note that at higher levels of ability.
"Magic Skills give Mummy characters powers that make them
the peer of the eldest Vampires. Any Storyteller who allows
18 Muay inthe same game as Vampires should carefully
balance the character's magic potential with the powers of
the other characters in the Chronicle,

Spellcasting

Using magic is far from a certain event, Magic is an
elemental power which, at best, can be directed but can never
be med. The magician is like a lightning rod in a thunder-
storm, hoping the magic strikes and finds its path to ground
through him. None of the Magic Skills, especially Necro
‘ancy, are for the faint of heart, No character may use a

Magic Skill ata level above his rating in the Self-Control
viet.

is chapter lists many spells and powers open to Egyp-
tian sorcerers. With each spel is listeda difficulty number for

attempting the incantation, and also an effect level which the
character must equal or surpass fr the spell tobe successful

2s


‘Forexample, the level four Hekau spell, Naming the Heart's
Destruction, carries adifficulty number of nine, and an effect
level of 40,

‘Tosuccessfully casta spel or ritual, the magician must oll
the applicable Magic Skill against the spell's difficulty
‘number. A botch on this roll spells disaster. The caster
lmmediately loses Sekhem equal to twice the spell's diffi-
‘culty number, and must check Willpower agains the spell's
ifficulty. A botch on this Willpower roll means that the
caster has become a source rather than a funnel for the
magical energy, His Sekhem rapidly drains away to zero
‘while be sbrivels up and dies (Ba goes to zero). A normal
failure on the Willpower roll means the spell has gone awry
in the worst possible way (affecting the caster, having an
‘opposite and perhaps permanent effect, etc). A success on
the Willpower roll means the magician has partially con-
trolled the botched spell and its effects issue out randomly,
leading to any number of crazy and destructive effects the
Storyteller desires,

Uf the magicians faile to get any successes on the casting
‘oll, the incantation fails and the caster loses a number of
Sekhem points equal tothe spell's difficulty number. If she
‘does not have enough Sekhem left to cover the 10s, she falls
tuncomicious at zero Sekhem and the «pel automatically
botches horribly.

Ifthe magician succeeds with one oF more successes, it's
time to do some quick math. Multiply the number of suc-
cesses by the difficulty number of the spell If the result is
{greater than the effect level ofthe spell. the caster is success
ful Ifthe result is short ofthe effect level, the magician has
‘0 options: (1) she can choose to let the spell fail and lose
‘Sekhem equal to the difficulty mumber, or (2) she can boost
the result up 10 the effect level by spending Sekhem 10
increase the casting result

ss Beacon har aticay of, Teach ch
Hean's Destruction, hasadifficulty of9. Te
has « Hekau skill of five (lucky guy). We roll the dice for
‘Tehatcha and get three successes (real lucky guy). Multiply
3successes times the difficulty of 9 and we get 27. However,
the spell's effect level is 40, so Tchatcha can either let the
spell fail and spend 9 Sekhem, or spend 13 points of Sekhem
to boost his casting total upto the effect level (27 + 13 = 40)
‘and successfully cast the spell to give someone a massive
‘coronary. Note that Tchatcha would have needed all five
successes on his casting roll to avoid spending additional
‘Sekhem to power the spell. Most ofthe higher level spells
‘require extra Sekhem.

Resisting Magic

The great bulk of Egyptian superstition sseme to have
‘been aimed at warding off bad magic, spirits and the evileye.
Evidence and some old writen accounts suggest talismans
and trinkets (0 ward off bad magic were commonplace
among the people of ancient Eaypt.

Egyptian magic is powerful suff, and withowt some pro-
tection, many characters will be very susceptible 10 its
‘effects. Most spells listed below give the victim some chance
‘tominimize the incantation' effects, but these opportunities
are risky at best. The Magic Skills of Anmulcts and Hekau will
afford characters with the best protection against harmful

‘magic. The types of protection these two skllsafford are very
different and are discussed below,

Learning Magic

It is extremely difficult for Mummies to increase their
‘magical powers. The knowledge of the skills and specific
‘enchantments has died away with time, leaving Mummies
‘with only each other to lear from. To grow in magical
power, Mummies can do three things, all of which cost
‘experience: (1) Raise their Sekhem score, (2) Increase their
‘Magic Skill ratings, and (3) Lear new spells or formulas

‘A character's maximum Sckhem score can be raised one
point by expending one point of experience and meditating.
for at least one day,

"Mummies can increase their Magic Skills at a cost oftheir
‘current rating times five. They can gain new Magic Skills at
‘Acostof seven experience to gainiarating of onc inthe desired
skill In addition tothe experience, the character must find a
teacher with sufficient knowledge and ability to teach the
new skill. The teacher may exact a hefty price in goods or,
more commonly, in service, The character must spe
‘considerable amount of time withthe teacher to acquire the
skill. There is no hard and fast rule on the amount of time,
since it should be more a matter of Chronicle time-flow,
‘designed to keep the Chronicle moving and everyone in-
volved. Upper levels of skill, however, take years of study,
and must be accommodated in the character's life if he
desires to lear the skills.

Leaming new spells or formulas also requires a know!-
cedgeable teacher, and a number of experience points equal 10
the spells difficulty number, Again, some amount of time is
required to lea the new formula (generally a day per
<ifficulty level). Note that a Mummy can never learn or use
4 spell of higher level than her applicable Magic Skill.

Begi

Newly created characters begin with acertain repertoire of.
spells. After they have chosen their beginning Magic Skills,
they may slect a number of spells whoee difficulty numbers
‘add up to no more than 10- the character's Ba, multiplied by
her Occupational Magic Skill points. For example, a doctor
‘multiplies her Ba of 4 by ber occupation's beginning Magic
Skill points of S to get 20. The character can purchase any
‘combination of spells whose combined difficulty numbers
do not exceed 20. As in learning spells, beginning characters
cannot select spells at levels above the rating of their corre-

ing Spells

ph 2s World of Darkness: Mumm,


sponding Magic Skill (e.g. selecting the level 4 spell, Naming.
the Heart's Destruction, with a Hekau rating of 2 is not
permissible)

Sekhem

Sekhemn isthe vital energy force within the magician akin
tothe elemental force of magic. When the magici
drawing on the forces of elemental magic does not gamer him
sufficient energy to power his incantation, he must sacrifice
his own Sekhem energy to complete the spell

As a magician loses Sektiem, he becomes more and more
fatigued. Magicians with less than 10 Sekhem are visibly
pale, perspiring and weakened. If a sorcerer's Sekhem ever
drops to zero, he falls unconscious until he regains a point.
Powerful Egypuan magicians with very high Sekhem scores.
(80+) exude power. Just ax magicians with low Sckhem
appear pale and weak, powerful magicians charged with
Sekhem appear vital and energetic. Their eyes are gateways
the burning power kept in their souls,

Magicians tax their reserve of Sekhem very quickly, and
the only way to regain itis through time. Characters regain a
‘maximum of 10 percent of their maximum Sekhem per day
(round fractions up). Ifthe character chooses to thoroughly
rest and meditate uninterrupted all day, she may roll her
Stamina against a difficulty of 6, The number of successes
multiply the amount of Sekhem regained that day. while no
successes mean something distracted her and kept her from
regaining any. A botch means she actually lost Sekhem duc
to her anger and inability to concentrate. For example, if «
‘character has a maximum Sekhem of $4, she would regain 3
points of Sekhem per day. She chooses to rest throughout the
day and gets two successes on her Stamina roll. She regains
2x 3.=6 Sekhem that day

1 push comes to shove during a story (and when docsn't
it, the Storyteller can feed the character the daily Sekhem
points throughout the day at a prorated pace.

Raising Attributes

One of the most frequent uses for Alchemy and Amulets
is to increase Attributes. These magics are the means by
which Mummies can raise their Attributes to supertiaman
ratings, acquiring uncanny abilities. Besides the added ben.
cfitof having extra Attribute points for any rolls the character
‘must make, Attributes mystically increased above level five
also give Muminies a number of added benefits. Below is a
list of comments and exceptional powers for each Attribute
{ogive the Storyteller some guidance on utilizing exceptional
Attributes for Mummies. Note that a character who drinks a
[potion or activates an amulet which boosts her Strength to six
will not necessarily experience all of facets of exceptional
strength listed (1c. both running speed and grip strength; the
exact effects vary according to different formulas for the
same basic spell (see Alchemy below).

iy yy d

(Once potions run thew
Attribute falls back to its

sours, and the character's raised
nal level, all benefits are lost. A
character can only utilize one amalet and one potion for any
single Aunbute simaltancously. Wesring (wo amulets or
drinking two potions at once to increase Stamina does not
give additional benefit

conly the stronger amulet or potion
takes effect. However, the character can weat an amulet for
‘Stamina arid simultancoasly drink a potion for Stamina and
the effects will be added, though not beyond eight. Potions
and amulets compliment each other, but two potions oF two
amulets do not. No combination known to Mummies can
raise an Attribute above eight, even ifthe Attribute starts at
a five without magic

Strength

6 Sprint as fast as a galloping horse. Lift a motor:
cycle oF uproot a small tree. Break the neck of

bull ape with bare hands

Jump like amount

Lift a small car. Bend steet bars, Rip sheet metal

like paper

% Outruna cheetah. Lift 10 tons, Fold pennies with
the fingers

1. Push down brick walls

Chapter Two 27


Dexterity

© Extra action (like Vampiric Celerty). Agile as a
spider monkey, Perfect balance.

7 Two extra actions. Unnaturally flexible, True
ambidexterity (including feet)

8) Thee extra actions. Superior reflexes — can
drive 200 mph and it feels ike 40, Minute body
control —can fp coin to land headsevery time,

Stamina

Health Level. Immune to common discases
and mild poisons. Can run a deer to exhaustion
Hold breath for 10 minutes.

7 Thwee exira Health Levels. Disease and poison
immunity. Endure temperature extremes 40F to
+140F) without shelter. Endurance of a wolver-

Levels. Never fatigues aerobi-
‘ally, Doesn't need sleep.

Appearance

6 Retier than the supermodels
7 The character's appearance is different to differ-
‘ent people, changing in their perception to be the
perfect figure, coloration, scent, etc. for each
pervon's ideal partner
8 Opposite sex and others who might be attracted
‘must roll Stamina against difficulty & or become
‘enraptured (even to the point of fainting).
Appearance ratings of six to cight allow the character
same ability at emotion control due solely to their extraordi-
tary looks. By roleplaying somewhat seductive actions to-
ward their targets, the chanicter can inspire lust, or by
tehaving Mlambuyantly promiscuous, can inspite anger oF
jealousy in others, The character makes a resisted test be-
tween Appearance and victim's Willpower. The number of
successes indicate the degree of success. The action can
‘become move than the character bargained for. At Appear-
ance eight, even the slightest look can trigger this emotion
control, which can cause the character more complications
than benefits. The inspired emotion lasts as long as the
‘turer isin sight and then gradually wanes away.

Charisma

6 Hypnotic eyes Commanding voice People will
‘actively try to please the character and be worthy
ofthe character's attention

7. Thecharacter exudes charm or fear. Mortals who
are the subject of the character's attention will
have a physiological reaction to the character's
‘presence, actually releasing endorphins oradrena-
line in their systems as the character charms oF
intimidates them. The effect can be quite strong,

World of Darkness: Mummy

ranging from sensual pleasures as great as a

‘Vampire's Kiso fear reactions bordering on the
‘psychotic. The Storyteller may allow the mortal a
Stamina roll against the Mummy's Charisma to
resist the effect.

% One visit from the character would change a

‘mortals life, The character will tend tobe deified

‘im any society she remains with for very long,

High Charisma ratings allow the character to attempt
‘emotion control as in Appearance, except that the character
‘can instill the emotions of blind love or hatred in any
individual. In order to attempt the control, the character must
talk with the victim for some time one-on-one, orto a crowd,

Manipulation

(© Given & chance to speak to an individual, the
character can change his victim's Demeanor to an
‘Archetype of the character's choosing. The char-
acter must make a resisted Manipulation vs. Will-
ower roll with the victim. If successful, me
victim's Demeanor will instantly change, and
stay changed until something occurs which would

normally make the character revert to another
Demeanor.

7 The character can make suggestions which cause
ber victim 10 perform impulsive actions. The
victim is allowed a resisted test between the
‘Mammy' Manipulation and victim's Willpower.
Even if influenced into action by the Mummy. the
victim can still spend a Willpower point to resist
actions which would cause physical self-injury

8 Characters with Manipulation Attributes of eight
‘wield a most invasive power. Through sustained
‘conversation with another, the characteris able to
‘change his victim's most basic belief structure.
Unless the victim wins a resisted Willpower roll
‘against the Mummy's Manipulation Attribute,
the victim's Nature will be changed to an Arche-
type of the Mummy's choosing. Altemately, the
‘Mummy may use this power to send a Vampire or
‘Garou into Frenzy of give the victim any one
Derangement (this requires the Mummy to also
succeed in a Psychology roll versus the victim's
‘Truth oF Self-Control Virtue).

Perception

6 Long-range sight of an cagle. Hearing of «doer.
Nightvision of a cat. Smell like a bloodhound,
‘Can "feet" the exact weight of small objects.

7 Seeintothe infrared range. Hear like abat,inclad-
ing sonar ranging effcet. unmune to Vampiic
‘Obfuscate through Level 5 Disciplines.

8 Sees flashes of the future at Storyteller' discre-
tion. Know opponent's next move in melee (can
‘ee Perception in Hicw of Dexterity for doxging or


‘oiling to hit, but the combat must be up close and
personal). Immune to Vampiric Obfuscate. Psy:
chometry at Storyteller's discretion, Limited Te-
‘epathy —can send and receive simple messages
over any distance or scan surface thoughts within
several meters.

Calculator mind — can perform almost any com-
pputation instantly, Can count objects at lightning
speed (247 toothpicks in the pile).

Faraiiel tasking — the character can simulta-
neously perform multiple tasks. This isn't just
walking and chewing gum at the same time: the
character could be adding a list of figures on a
‘abit, reading abook, daydreaming about aloved
cone, and debating politics with a friend simulta
neously, performing each task at normal speed
and ability. There is a limit to the complexities of
the tasks (Storytellers discretion), and there is a
physical limit to how many objects the character
‘an handle at once. Ambidexterity combines well
with this power to minimize these physical limi-
tations

Characters with Wits of eightare an exceptionally
tare breed. They have expanded their minds suf
ficiently that communicating wit others seems a
‘waste of time, and the simple activities of ifehave
litle meaning. The character's mind operates at
such an accelerated pace that tothe outside world,
the character appears to be in an autistic cerebral
withdrawal. When the character recovers, usually
‘when the magic that boosted him to the eight
‘ating runs dry, he will have had a most incredible
insight into the tie nature of reality. The knowl-
edge he brings back might be the true name of an
objector force (for Hekau magic) oF an astound-
ing revelation in any field of knowledge. The
character might also have pondered every known
facior of some person, group, oF society to ex-
trapolatc what the entity's most probable future
will be.

Intelligence

6

Eidetic Memory, Has a Cliff Clavin ability to
recall miscellaneous factual information on virtu-
ally any topic. This power does not take the place
of the detailed expertise involved with having
knowledge abilities. Flashes of Insight — the
character has a knack for making serendipitous
discoveries in whuslever knowledge fheld he pur-
sues.

Can "remember" forgotten Skills or Knowledges.
Player selects Skill or Knowledge Ability she
‘Wanss the character to have and rolis Intelligence

Chapter Two

Ny
\\ \ Ndi

against a difficulty assigned by the Storyteller
(usually 8). The number of successes equals the
rating the character suddenly has in that skill. The
‘Storyteller should limit this recollection power to
Skills and Knowledges the character could con
ceivably have leamed in past lives and should
require the player to briefly explain the circum:
stances surrounding the original acquisition of the
Ability (Well, I suddenly remember sitting in a
room in Italy, many lives ago, discussing politics
with this man named Machiavelli). The newly
acquired Ability fades from memory once itis no
longer needed.

Collective Memory — the character has a power
‘akin to telepathy. The character can study any
‘willing individual and add that person's memo-
ties to the character's own, The process takes
several hours and is extremely depersonalizing
‘and traumatic for both the character and the
memory giver. The character will gain any
Knowledges possessed by the subject, and any
‘Skills and Talents at half rating (round up). Magic
‘Skills and spells known by the subject are also
eamed. If the character's Intelligence ever drops
below cight, all gained memories, magics and
Abilities are lost. The character will suffer epi
‘odes of split personality ifthe collective memo-
res are held for extended periods of time.

2


Magic Skills

Alchemy

For the Egyptians, Alcherny was not the vain pursuit of
tuming lead to gold. Rather. the Egyptians looked toalchemy
{or all manner of elixis, ointments and aphrodisiacs. The
strength of Alchemy is thatthe magician gains the potential
to perform a multitude of enchantment effects. The weak
esses are that many of the magical effects are temporary,
and all spells must be formulated in advance.

Preparing an alchemical formuta requires a number of
ddaysina laboratory equal tothe spell' difficulty number, At
the end of that time, the magician makes his casting roll to
determine success. If sufficient ingredients are on hand, the
‘magician may prepare more than one dose of the spell during
his stint in the laboratory. If the spell ix successful atthe end
‘of the mixing time, the magician can prepare one dose for
every multiple of the spell's effect level that his casting total
‘equals, For example, Queen Metephras is preparing a Potion
‘of Passion which has adifficulty of 6and aneffect level of 15.
She gets two successes on her casting roll, giving her a
«casting total of (2 x 6 =) 12. She elects to spend Sekhem to
Increase the casting total. If she spends three Sekhem, she
gets one dove (3 +12 15).Ifshe spends 18 Sekhem., she gets
two doses (18 + 12 = 30, and 30 divided by the effect level of

World of Darkness: Mummy

15 equals 2). The only limit wo the number of doncs is the
amount of ingredients Hetephras has orthe amount of Sckhem
she can spend.

Note that Vampires can imbibe these potions just as they
do blood to gain the mystical effects. However, the Story-
{eller might want to modify the effects (perhaps based on the
character's Humanity?)

Level One:

(Attribute) +1

Difficulty Number: 5

Effect Level: 10

Key Ingredients: Varies

This category of brews gives the imbiber +1 40a specific
Attribute. There are many different formulas, and each
enhances the Attribute in slightly differen ways, These
‘minor variations are especially noticeable in the Physical
Attributes. Most of the potions are named after animals, such
as Eyes of the Cat (Perception), Salve of the Serpent's
Tongue (Charisma) and Heart of the Horse (Stamina),

(Characters must earn each potion for cach Attribute as a
separate spell. Once imbibed, the potion laaxt one how for
Physical Attributes, one day for Social and one week for
Mental

Drink of Seven Days' Rest

Ditticulty Number: 4

Effect Levet: 10

Key Ingredients: Eye mucous from # sleeping infant
This potion restores vitality to whomever drinks it. The
potion takes a few moments to take effect after which the
recipient feels as though she had just woken up from a full

night's sleep. She will not need to sleep again for atleast 72
ours

Potion of Numbness

Difficulty Number: 4

Effect Level: 6

Key Ingredients: A live mosquito

‘Use of this potion numbs the imbiber's body, blocking
sensations of pain from reaching the beain. Used in ancient
times as an anesthetic, warriors also use it before entering

‘combat since it reduces the penalty due to wounds by two

(€.g ifthe imbiber is Mauled, his wound penalty is-2 instead
of -4). The effects last for several hours.

Potion of Passion
Ditticulty Number: 6
Pifect Level: 15

Key Ingredients: Any bodily fluid taken from a water
buffalo bull during mating season


This is the lowest grade love potion in the alchemist's
repertoire. When imbibed, the victim must roll Self-Control,
against difficulty 6 or suffer the potion seffects. While under
its effect, the victim will fail all Self-Control rolls, and can
‘only spend Willpower points i he first succeeds in a Wil
power roll against difficulty 6. For storytelling. the victim
becomes.a puppet io his passions, raging or lusting with litle
© no inhibition. If the potion is to be used as an aphrodisiac,
the victim must be still be seduced, but it's a simple job.
Every hour the victim can roll Stamina against difficulty
shake off the effects.

Level Two:

Perfume of Longing

Ditticulty Number: 6

Effect Level: 22

Key Ingredients: Crushed lotus petals

One dose of this perfume will last a lady one evening or
about six hours. Any man who comes within whiffing dis
tance of her must make a Perception roll against difficulty 8.
Tothose men who fal the rol, the lady's Appearance is three
higher than normal

Drink of Health

Difficulty Number: 6
Effect Level: 15

oats? Ps : Fike ne

Chapter Two

Key Ingredients: Pus from a gangrenous wound

This potion will heal one Health level in any living being
It may only be wsed once per day. The drink remains magi
cally potent for one month after it ix brewed.

Level Three:

(Attribute) +2
Difficulty Number: 7

Effect Level: 20

Key Ingredients: Varies

This set of potions grant the imbiber an extra two rating
points in a specific Attribute. Like all potions for Attribute

gains, there are many different formulas for each Attribute,
and characters mast learn potions for differcat Attributes as
separate spells. The potions last 30 minutes for Physical
Altributes, six hours for Social, and three days for Mental. ln
addition, once brewed, the potion is only potent for three
months before losing its magical properties.

The formulas ae typically named afte natural wonders or
animals, suchas Beauty ofthe Lotus (Appearance), Draught
of the Ox (Stamina), or Tonic of Ten Thousand Laborers
(Surengtt,

Pharaoh's Peace Elixir

Difficulty Number: 7

Effect Level: 32

Key Ingredients: A woman's tears

This salve is said to have beea invented for Pharaoh
Ramses Il. The pharaoh was away from court on military
conquests, and upon his return to court, his harem of 100
wives were jealous for his atention. Eventually the infight

among his wives became too great of a headache for

Ramses to bear so he commanded his greatest alchemist to
concoct formula to relieve the pharaol's misery

This salve soaks directly into the bloodstream once itis
applied tothe roof of the mouth and the tongue. The magic of
the potion effectively raises the man's Charisma by three to
any female who fails a resisted Perception test against the
‘man's new Charisma rating, The potion is also said to grant
lts user increased sexual stamina

vel Four:

Elixir of Good Body
Ditnicatty Number: §
Effect Level: 40

Key Ingredients: Segment of any creature that can regen-
erate, such as an earthworm, crab,

Once taken, the user ofthis elixir falls into a heavy coma
which lasts for two days. Unwilling victims can resist the

coma with a successful stamina roll against difficulty 8
‘White in the coma, any damaged organ or lost limbs are

cry


‘repaired or regrown, When the recipient of the magic awak-
‘ens, she will have a freshly restored body, right down to 20/
20 vision,

‘The potion remains magically potent for only a day after
itis brewed.

Eyes of Desire

Difficulty Number:

‘Effect Level: 50

Key Ingredients: Butterfly wings

Another in the long list of aphrodisiacs, this formula
creates a special Kohl which a lady applies to shadow her
eyes. When she makes eye contact with a man she desires, he
‘must make succeed at a Self-Control roll versus dificulty 9,
‘or he will immediately begin to mirror the lady's desire.

Is spell is commonly intended as an aptirodisiac; now-
ver, it will equally well instill any emotion. Whatever the
‘woman feels fr the man she makes eye contact with, te will
fe for ber if be fails his rol. This means that if a sorceress

‘is simply trying to seduce some contemptible fool, the man
‘will pot desire her, rather he will suddenly hold her in

‘contempt and disdain, The lady must spend Willpower if she
wishes to project an emotion other than her true feelings.

Level Five:

(Attribute) +3

Difficulty Number: 10

Eifect Level: 50

Key Ingredients: Varies

‘There are afew rare and arcane formulas that unlock the
‘unknown potentials ofthe human body and mind, bequeath:
ling their user three points in an Attribute. All of the formulas
are distinct and must be leamed separately. These elixirs last
for but 10 minutes for Physical Atributes, two hours for
Social, and one day for Mental. These alchemical concos-
tions bind their magic for only one month, after which they
become only bitter solutions without benefit.

‘The spells are all named for Egyptian deities. Mind of
‘Thoth (Intelligence), Might of Ra Strength), and Cunning of
Set (Manipulation) area few of the known spells.

Potion of Vile Body

Difficulty Number: 8

Effect Level: 45,

Key Ingredients: Any poisons ot venoms from at least

{our different animals (spitting cobra venom, scorpion poi-
son, man-o-war Venom, et.)

After quaffing this deadly mixture, the imbiber's entire
body becomes a system of powsons and acids. The imbiber
‘himself is immune to all of the effects of the potion, but

World of Darkness: Mummy

‘everything around hien isin perl. The imbiber's bodily aids
have the following properties, plus any variations the Story-
teller or player devise.

Spittle —The character can spray acloud of ac from her
‘mouth which will douse a small area up to 10 feet i front of
het. The acid will quickly corrode all but the most resistant
objects; however. the quantity of acid in each breath is small,
0 only a centimeter of the surface hit dissolves. Of course,
the magician can keep spraying until she blows holes in
«doors, walls or people. Anyone covered by the acid spray will,
suffer thre health levels of damage. They can make Stamina
rolls against difficulty 9, with each success canceling a
Health Level of damage. The acid causes aggravated wounds
to Vampires and Lupines.

‘Tears — The character's tears contain supematurally
potent acid that will dissolve any material

Blood — The imbiber's blood becomes very poisonous
and acidic, Vampires drinking the magician's blood will
suffer one aggravated damage level per blood point imbibed.
‘Anyone cutting the character in melee might be sprayed for
‘damage just as if the character had spit on them. Also knives,
bulletsandeventalons will dissolve if soaked nthe character's
blood, though they still cause normal damage to the charac-
ter.

Breath — By simply exhaling at someone who in tum
breathes in any of the exhaled air, the magician can cause
paralysis. The victim must make a Stamina roll against
difficulty 8 or fall into complete paralysis. The victim can
‘make another Stamina rol every hour to break the paralysis

Amulets

Egyptians buried their dead wrapped up and pinned with
4 dizzying array of exquisite amulets and charms, all de-
signed to protect the deceased in various ways as she entered
the afterlife. Some Mummies still hold the secrets to creating
and using these physical storehouses of magical energy.
‘Through arcane and all but forgotten formulae, they are able
to bind the raw force of magic into the amulets.

‘The physical object that becomes the receptacte of this
‘energy has no set form. Egyptians of office commonly
carried rods. of metal. Many Mummies stil carry these tokens
‘of position and imbue them with magic. However. smaller
‘charms worn on chains or straps of leather are more common.

Casting an amolet spell is very similar to works of al-
chemy. The enchantress must have a well-stocked magical
laboratory and smelting fumace at her disposal. The spells
‘require their difficulty number in weeks of work to prepare
the physical receptacle, although this work may be inter-
‘tupted with other activities and continued later. Successful
(preparation ofthe receptacte requires a Dlacksmmithing and a
Metallurgy (if the receptacle is metal) or Geology (if the
‘receptacle is semi-precious stone of gem), rolled agains the
difficulty of the spell. A failure on either roll indicates the
receptacte is unsuitable, and a new one must be made.


‘Once the receptacle is prepared, the enchantress casts the
spell. I the casting fails, the receptacle ix tainted with the
incorrect magical pattern and is no longer useful. H-success-
{ul with the casting. the enchantress must Feed the amulet
‘Sekhem until hercasting total exceeds the spell seffect level.
Amulet magic ts different from all others in that the caster can
‘gradually feed the creation Sekhem rather than needing t

have sufficient Sekhem at the time of casting. This feeding
can take days, weeks or months of uninterrupted work,
during which the ats and sleeps very little, but
deoning endless litanies of
‘magic over it and feedmg it her Sekhem daily until the effect
level ix reached. During this feeding time, the caster regains
‘Sekhem normally, but far too busy (o rest annd meditate

Only 4 Magician knowledgeable in the Amulet Magic
‘Still can

ap the magic stored in the items. The Magician
inst the difficulty ofthe spell 1
activate a amulet's power. Once activated, the amulet gener:
stays "on™ until the magician turns it "off," which is
~umplished automatically. There are a few Amulet magi
use. For example, amulets

‘can only be used by the magician who
be attuned to her

IS are designed solely to wand tT
ne of the mont effective wands
Egyptian magic. These amulets
tothem, Whenever the amulet

S'S)

magic, Indeed, amulet
against both Hermetic an
will have a ward rating give

Chapter Two

is called upon to shicld against magic, the spell cast towards
the carrier of the ward must overcome the ward rating of the
protective amulet, The effect level ofthe spell being cast at
the arnulet is raised by the amulet's Sekhem rating. so that the
‘caster ofthe attacking spell must pump more power into his
spell ¥o break through the protection of the ward,

Macharacter casts the blocked spell, the Storyteller should
simply inform the player (after the character has reached the
«effect level) that his spel is encountering a Wand, and! would
he like toexpend additional Sekhem? If he chooses not to, bis
spell fails and any Sekhem committed to if is lost. If he
decides to further power the spell so it exceeds its normal
‘effect level, he simply decides how much to spend atid hope
that itis enough to break through the ward. Otherwise he's
just wasted even more Sekhe

For example, a character casts Namg the Heart's De-
struction at an enemy. The character succeeds with the spell
by rolling § successes and then adding 13 Sekhiem to the pet
Ihis casting total up to the spell's effect level. Them the
Storyteller informs the player that the enemy hi
While the player wonders where this scour
‘Ward, se must decide whether to com
the spell oret it fail She decidestotheaw in more Sekh
The Storyteller Knows the enemy's wand ha a ward rating of
. 90 the spell breaks thr

2 wand

Since the
wards, he am
guessing game decisions for Sek
acters that he eon

tolls aga

toryteller ts ora

ied by the Storyteller die
ice Wo Foll, Nee

must be made agaist all spell

with an effect level of 28 would ha
that this 1
benefie

Level One:
Simple Wards
DieTiculty Number: ©
Effect Leve
Key Ingrediem

These wats
from evil magic. The me
be

Varies

bs

ret protest the onan ofthe bendy

the want rating
of the

Simple wa
Sianphe wards are bn

help

we she begins the fabrication proses

x can have a maxisutn ward rating: of exh

Common wants a

and beau

listed Bolow. The muy

pegmlar ate


1. Heart (Ab) wards protect the organ and also lend their
wand rating against emotion-controlling magic

2 Beain wands shield the wearer from unwanted telepathy
and guard thet carriers against mind-conteolling magic

3. Ren wards protect wearers from Hekau magic directed
at his personal true name, Ren wards are individualized

wands specific o the person named during the ward's ere

4. The Eye of Horus protects the wearer's senses from
magical deceptions which would scek to blind or delude,

Wood Ward
Ditticulty Number: 6
Effect Level: 70

tal from an axe head melted 4 form

Theskin nga Wood Ward becomes highly
resistant wo wood. Any wooden staffs, poles or stakes tend 10

mblc and snap when they strike the character as if he were
made of iron. Mic character's Stamina isetfectively doubled

mage ftom wooden attacks.

There are disadvantages (o wearing active Wood Wards,
such as furniture crumbling. when the character sits down.
Also, nature spirits look unfavorably on the character who
wears the ward whether it ts act

World of Darkness: Mummy

Most Mummies realize the Vampirie weakness for wooden
stakes, andas with any magic of ancient Egypt, Mummiesare
Joath to share this ward with a Vampire of anyone else

Level Two:

(Attribute) + 1
Difficulty Number:
Effect Level: 100

Keyl

These amulets raise any single Amtibute by one. Like
for cach At

sredients: Any metal ote from a fallen meteorite

potions, character n the incantatio

tribute 38 a sepa
Amulet of Cloud Walking
Difficulty Number: 7
Effect Level: 85
Key Ingredient
When activated, this amulet caries its wearer up into the
sky unit he is level with the cloud tops. The wearer may then
set his destination firmly in milan hike across the cloud.
Every league of cloud walking becomes many leagues ofthe
round, bat there is no set rue to this mystic distortion. The
hike takes no zt time — sometimes days sometimes m
but when the wearer reaches his destination, the ase
will begin dropping bien through the clouds back to Earth
Expert magicians say the hike takes as bong as the traveler
wants it 0 be

Dew collected on winter solstice, silver

Level Three:

Metal Ward

Ditticulty Number: §

Effect Level: 130

Key Ingredients: Mercury

‘Similar to a Wood Ward, the Metal Ward amulet protects
the wearer from metals. Metals tend to become very soft and
pliable upon contact with the wearer, The harder the metal
impacts the character, the softer it becomex. Bullets tend 10
splash off of the character like raindrops, while simply
grasping a crowbar will make the iron pliable but still stiff

The wearer of a Metal Ward doubles her Stamina in resisting
metal attacks, Note that som Mumm

hard way that certain modem metallurgic combinations
{including some carbon stcels) are nor significantly affected
by the ward
Minor Ward
DitMiculty Number: ¥ |
Effect Level: Desited Rating x7

Minor Wards are similar to the Level One Simple Wands
Minor Wards have a maximum rating of 25.

shave found out the


Level Four:

‘Charm of Invisibility fo Animals
Difficulty Number: &

Effect Level: 300

Key Ingredients: Eye of any animal suffering from

cataracts

Ancient Egyptians had a number of spells to protect them
from serpents. The Book ofthe Dead includes aspelltoallow
the deceased to pass by nine guardian serpents unhindered on
his way to the afterword

‘Anyone wearing this charm is protected from not only
serpents, but from all animals, being undetectable to them,
‘The magician makes no noise, leaves no scent and cannot be
scenby any animal. Vampires in animal forms are unaffected
by the charm, though the magician will be hazy to them.
Garou are similarly unaffected, except Lupus, who can only
detect the magician on a Perception roll against difficulty 8.

Nature Ward

Difficulty Number: 9

Effect Level: 600

Key Ingredients: Lavastone, glacier ice, desert sand, and
wood from a tee hit by lightning.

Magicians protected by this ward are immune to most of
the powers of nature. The magician's body temperature will
remain comfortable in any climate; lightning or electricity
will route away from the magician, leaving her unharmed:
fires caused by natural means extinguish themselves before
harming the sorceress; and even rain will not fall on the
magician. The ward does not protect the magician from
hunger. fatigue or drowning

Level Five:

42 Attribute
Dithiculty Number: 10

Effect Level: 1200

Key Ingredients: Any metal oe from a fallen meteorite,

Using these amulets raises any single Attribute by two,
ach Attribute isa separate spell to be learned,

Major Ward
Difficulty Number: 9
Effect Level: Desired Rating x 9

‘Major Wards are similar to the Level One Simple Wards
but have a maximum rating of 50.

Celestial

{In 3,000 years, someone will uncover a book from our
times oa reading horoscopes, and conclude that we were =
‘culture which gazed tothe stars daily for guidance. It's asad
thought, but it ts amazing bow prevalent astrology stil isin
‘our culture today — featured in our newspapers, practiced by
mediums and expounded oa in tons of hooks. Looking tothe
stars to foresce the future was certainly a pat of the ancient
Egyptian culture, Stars were used by magicians to foresee the
‘correct time to cast their spells, by scers to predict the future
and by the layman to know what days were hicky or unfucky
for any number of activites

Unless otherwise noted in the spell description, all Celes-
tial magic is tual magic which requires a number of hours
equal tothe spell's difficulty number w east. Atthe end ofthe
ritual, the magician makes his casting roll. Also, unless
‘otherwise noted, Celestial magic rituals can only be per-
formed at night, and the Magician must have a view of the
aight shy,

Celestial magic draws its power from the alignment ofthe
stars and planets, With such awesome power to work with,
the Celestial magician can create incredible weather effects
and other natural phenomenon which cover large areas. This
capability makes Celestial magic both the mast pawerful
‘magic, and the weakest, since its effects usually take time to
‘materialize and do not target specific individuals

Celestial magicians are also able to read the stars to divine
«8 variety of information on the future. They gamer spect
benefits for thei ritual magic through reading from the stars
the times when such spells should be cas.

Level One:

Grip the Water

Difficulty Number: 7

Effect Level: 20

Key Ingredients: Sample from body of water effected.

Using this ritual, the magician is able 10 altcr the level of.
water in any dynamic water body sich asa sreat tive, lake
‘or ocean, Depending on the size of the water body and the
length of coastline affected, the magician can raise of lower
the water level from a few centimeters (ocean tide on the
‘Atlantic coast of North America) up to a couple of meters
{one harbor on a lake). More potent versions ofthis ritual are
‘aid toexist which ean control rivers such as the Nile or part
seas or oceanways like the Red Sea or the Bering Strat

Weather Magic
Difficulty Number: See Below
Effect Level: Difficulty Number x 2

Key Ingredients: Dirt or water sample taken from area to
be affected

Chapter Two


This one spell gives the magician power to call forth a
ariety of mild weather effects. The spell can be tailored
based on the desiredeffects, area, and duration. The ma
can choose options from below, adding all of the
difficulty numbers together to determine the actual difficulty
ofthe desired ritual, Spells with difficul q
be cast

For example. a character

sto bring a one-hour light
29 little own in Plorida. The difficulty would be
2 effect) + 1 (area) + 1 (duration) = 4

in humidity ae all relative. A deere

ity during a downpou

ight the
easy sprinkle. However, Level One Weather Magic will not
make tain in the desert

The magician may choose the time, within a week from
ihe effect will begin. The weather will
hange, last for the duration of the spell, and then

slowly change back to normal.

casting the spell, whe

For purposes of learning this spell. treat it as difficulty 6.

Effects Dithiculty
Slight change tn umicity 2
Warm or Cool +/+ 10° F 1
Cool breeze 1

Area Difficulty
‘Small town, '
‘Small Cay 3
Large City 5
Duration Ditticutty
Hour '
Day 5
Week s

Level Two:

Weather Magic
Ditticulty Number: See Below
Effect Level: Difficulty Nurnber x 3

Key Ingredients: Dirt or water sample taken from the
area to be affected

Similar to the Level One Weather Magic. but this spell
allow ant effects, arews and durations. For
Purposes of learning this spell, reat it as difficulty 7,

for moee signi

Effects Ditticutty
Small change in humidity 2
Warm or Cool +/- 20° F 2
‘Steady Light Wind 1

36 World of Darkness: Mummy


area

‘Small town

Small City

Large Cay..

Size of Rhode Island

Duration

Hout nn

Day

Week

Read the Stars

Difticulty Number: 7

Effect Level: 12

Key Ingredients: Star Chaets

Using this ritual, the heaGens display theie secrets to the
magician, If be succesfully casts this spell, he gains know -
‘edge of the stellar alignments which will allow him to cast
any otncr spell in his repertoire much easier. Once he has read
the stars, the magician must make an Astronomy knowledge
roll against the difficulty number ofthe spell he want aid in

casting. The number of successes gained on his Astronomy
rol will give him an equal number of extra dice 10 his
appropriate Magic Skill roll when he casts the desired spell,
This bonus is good fora single casting ofthe benefited spell
ata specific time determined by the alignment of the stars.

The Storyteller should determine when the stars will bein
alignment wo benefit the spell in question, by either deciding
cor rolling randomly (e.g. three dice worth of daysbence). The
time will almost always be days, weeks or even months from
the present. The magician cannot benefit from Read the Stars
forthe same spell until the alignment has come and passed
(can't keep casting it until suecesstul or until he gets a time
period he likes).

Level Three:

Call the Stars

Ditticulty Number: &

Effect Level: 35

Key Ingredients: Sample of anything fallen from the
heavens (meteorite, Skylab, ete).

Using this ritual, the Celestial magician is able to call the
stars to rain down on any area the size ofa small town, I the
spell ie succeesful. shower of
‘commence. The falling debris will tend to be less than 20cm.
im diameter, but are traveling at great speeds and in great
‘numbers. The meteorites will pound weak structures into the

ground, and damage stundier ones. The shower can also start
fires and club senseless anyone not under shelter. The shower.

generally lasts for an hour, Powerful Celestial magicians are
Said to be able to pall larger objects from the heavens with
more powerful rituals

‘Weather Magic
Difficulty Number: See Below
Effect Level: Difficulty Number x §

Key Ingredients: Din or water sample taken from the
area to be affected.

Similar to Level One Weather Magic, but this spell allows
for significant effects. areas and durations. For purpones of
learming thicepell, teat it as difficulty 8,

Moderate humidity changes would bring alight shower to
adesent,

Effects

"Moderate change in humidity
Warm or Cool 4/- 40° F
Steady. Strong Wind ..
Area

Small City

Large City.

Size of Rhode Island ..
California.

Duration

Hour...

Day...

Week

Level Four:

Weather Magic

Difficulty Number: See Below

Effect Level: Difficulty Number x 7

Key Ingredients: Dirt or water sample taken from area to

bbe affected, plus ingsedicats matching desired effect (rai
collected from a monsoon storm, ice from a glacier, et)

Significant humidity changes would bring flooding rains to
any area except the heart of the driest deserts.

‘Similar to the level one Weather Magic, but this spell
allows for dramatic effects, areas and durations. For purposes
‘of fearing this spell, treat it as difficulty 9

Effects Ditmeutty
Significant change in humidity...

Warm oF Cool +/- 40° F

Hurricane Winds ....


Read the Tree of Life
Ditticulty Number: 9
Effect Level: 20

Key Ingredients: None

‘Seshat, the wife of the Egyptian god Thoth, wrote the lives
‘of men onthe leaves ofthe Tree of Life. By casting this spell,
the celestial magician can pec into the night sky and discem
the leaf of any mortal (including Vampires who. technically,
‘candie). What the magician reads there are fragments of what
fate has instore forthe mortal. The exact information is lef
tothe Storyteller. This isthe most powerful and direct ofthe
fortune-telling magics,

Level Five:

Apep Thrashes the Ground

Difficulty Number: 9

Etfect Level: 90

‘Key Ingredients: Crushed skull of a snake killed in an
cathquake

This spell creates an eanhquake of supematural magni-
tude (8.0- 10.0 Richter scale), The magician beads the Cores
‘of the planets, causing them to rend the Earth's crust along a
chosen fault line, Like any earthquake, the effects wil ripple
‘out from the chosen epicenter to level cities and cause

‘voleanoesto disgorge. The effect is immediate upusrcomple:
tion of the ritual and cannot be delayed.

‘Apep is one name fora giant serpent who tried to prevent
the sun from making its journey through the underside ofthe
‘world every night

‘Weather Magic

Difficulty Number: See Below

Effect Level: Difficulty Number x 10

Key Ingredients: Dirt or water sample taken from the

area tobe affected, plus ingredients matching desired effect
(tain collected fromamonsoon storm, ce froma glacier. ete.)

Similar to Level One Weather Magic. but this spell can
make hell freeze over. It creates devastatingly powerful
‘effects that sweep continents. For purposes of arming this
spell, teat tas difficulty 10.

Ansan amity changes woul bury cities natn or
if allowed to continue for a day oF more.

Effects

Insane change in humidity

Warm or Cool +f: 50° Fo

Heavy Wind.
‘Tomado Storms.
Area

Rhode Island
California.
North America,

In addition to belief in wards and charms, Egyptians also
believed figurines could be made wo assume the living shape
they represented. Statuettes of animals could spring to life in
4 wizard's hand to do his bidding. temple statues were
believed to house the spirits of gods and goddesses: there are
also tales of sorcerers crafting replicas of people or objects,
and them inflicting injury to the thing by injuring the model

— not unlike voodoo practices. And. finally. many tombs.
contained statues ofthe deceased which the Ka could inhabit

sothe deceased would have amaterial presence on Earth after
death.

Figurines are created through ritual magic, requiring ©
‘number of days to carve the model and work the magic equal
{the spells difficulty number, At the end of the ritual the
‘magician makes his casting roll 1o determine success.

‘Once created, most Figurines can be used repeatedly.
Every time the magician wishes to activate a Figurine, he
‘must roll his Figurine Magic Skill against the difficulty
‘number of the spell which created it. He cannot activate
Figurines created by spell levels above his ranking in Figu
rine Magic Skil. If the magician fails his activation rol, the
Figurine becomes magically useless. Once activated. the
Figurine assumes its full size and shape for as long as the
caster desites and has Sekhem to pay. Each Figurine spel
description details the Sekhem expenditure a magician must
‘make to keep the mode! activated. Once he stops feeding it

World of Darkness: Mummy


sm, it instantly reverts to its miniature form. Sekhem
in this way cannot be recovered until the figurine
retums to ts model

If a figurine ix destroyed in model or fll-size form, of ix
Killed, it becomes worthless. All Figurines requite a small
sample of the thing they represent as a key ingredient in their
creation formulas

Level One:

Lesser Animals

Difficulty Number: 6

Etfect Level: 14

Key Ingredients: Sample of animal

This spell allows the magician to create figurincs of any

I animal such ws rats, doves, fish or house cats. When

activated, the figurine springs to life and will perform simple

tasks for the magician, including carrying messages, scarch

ing for obje ough bindings, tc. A saunphe

from a living animal the figurine represents must be fash

Joned into the figurine when it iscreated. While active, small

animals require a point of Sckhem from the magician every
Ushabti

Ditticulty Number: 5
Pifect Level: 10

gnawing

Key Ingredients: Wood or onyx, sweat from a field
worker

Egyptians who could afford them were buried with small
orkmen, carved from wood or stone, These
were tobe the de ibstitute workmen
she was called upon to work the fields inthe afterworld.
Toms would contain large collections ofthe figures, ane for
every day of the year. There were even larger models of
forernan ushabti, presumably 40 the deceased didn't even,
feed to look after her workers

For living M aractere.swshahti are ex
‘ants for tending the character's lands and houses. Ushabti's
‘can lift moderate weights (100 Ibs) and are good at simple
labors. They are worthless for security

Ushebti are

when

fonernast aheabuts 39 the
character need not activate them at all, An active ushabxi will
‘costa character a Sekhem point per week:

Level Two

Animals
Difficulty Number: 7
Effect Level:30

Key Ingredients: Sample of animal

Chapter Two


‘Thin pelt allows the magician proxtoce models of anger
animals around the size of dogs, vultures, barracuda or
‘cobras. Asin the level one spel, the animals which spring vo
life from the models will obey simply commands from the
‘xtivating magician. They will defemd their master the
eat if ordered to do so. These figurines require two points
(of Sckhem per hout from their activator to remain in life-size
form,

Objects

Difficulty Number: 6

Effect Level: 15

‘Key Ingredients: Well-crafted version of object mod-
led.

Thisritual allows the Figurine magician tocreate figurines
of simple inanimate objects. The objectscan be no larger than
adouble bed and cannot be technologically advanced tc. 90
electronics, motors oF plastics). When activated, the tiny
model will grow to true size, staying large as long as the
‘magician spends one Sekhem per day maintaining it,

Level Three

Foreman Ushabth

Difficulty Number: 7

Effect Level: 20

Key Ingredients: Wood or onyx, blood from a field
worker

With a foreman ushabvi, a magician makes his other
‘ushabti servants programmable. The magician need only
activate the foreman ushabsi figurine and place it with up 10
10 normal ushabti (see the level one spell, and the foreman,
‘will automatically direct the ushabei to activate and do theie
chores as necessary,

Minor Strwctures

Difficulty Number: 6

Bifect Level: 30

Key Ingredients: Sample ofa similar structure.

‘This spell allows the magician to keep figurines that will
{70% into any minor structure they are fashioned to represcat.
Minor structures include small houses, automobiles, single
‘engine aurcraft, yachts and other objects ofthe same relative
size or smaller, The structure requires two Sekhem per hour
to maintain. Structures of very high technology (advanced
fighter jets) are difficult to accurately model with this spell.

The Storyteller should increase the difficulty number if such
structures are attempted.

Smart Animals

Ditmculty Number: 9

Effect Level: 35,

Key Ingredients: Sample of animal's brain

‘Thin spells ndconical tthe Kevel one Stall Animals spt
‘except the animals created are much more intelligent. They
tare able to act as spies, reporting back to the enchanter in
{clepathie flashes what they have seen (these reports can be
‘ery confusing anu rarcly cuntatt intelligible speech), They
Will follow instructions with fairly simple logic — if a man
‘wearing a red robe enters the building. report back to me.

‘Smart animals require one point of Sekhem tomaintain every
brow

Level Four

Large Anienals

Difficulty Number: 7

Effect Level: 70

Key Ingredients: Sample from animal

‘This spell can create figurines of any animal from a
‘dragonfly to.a blue whale. As with the level one spell Small
Animals, the animal will faithfully carry out any simple

‘command from its activator, Large animals require Four
Sekhem per hour to keep them active

Mimic Minor Structures

Ditticulty Number:

Effect Level: 60

Key Ingredients: Sample of structure. picture sketch of
structure for moxelmaking

‘With this spell, the magician creates a model of any minor
structure magically linked 10 the actual abject. When the
‘magician activates the model i oes not grow to fullsize;
‘ther, itremains model-size, but the mystic connection with
the true strocture is activated, Whatever the magician docs
the model will be mirrored on the actual structure. Buildings

collapse oF catch fire, automobiles go out of contr}, at=
planes somehow steer thruigh the huricane eafely. cic The

‘model requires one point of Sekhem every minute to main-
tin the link,

Level Five

Ka Statue
Ditticulty Number: 9
Effect Level: 90

Key Ingredients: Life-size stone statue replica

Using this spel, the magician transforms a statue into a
receptacle capable of recciving and storing a Ka spirit. The
statue must be carved in the image of the person whose Ka
will reside therein. Once fashioned, the magician performs
‘the ritual over the statue to make it suitable. In addition tothe
Sekhew spent for the spell, the recipient of the spell must
permanently forfeit both a point of Kaand Baat the end of the
‘tual (before the casting roll for success ts made). Once

World of Darkness: Mummy


fashioned, the receptacle will endure until the stone is shat-
tered, or weathered away to such an extent that its features are
io longer recognizable.

When the subject dies, his Ka spirits set free and normally
wanders as a ghost. However, it may instead enter its Ka
Statue and animate it. The statue becomes an animate golem
directed by the Ka as if it were the deceased's own body. It

‘may not speak and moves slowly (Dexterity 2), but it is very
strong (Strength 6) and hard as stone. It cannot be stopped,
short of shattering its stone body (treat the body as having

Stamina 8 and use the Health track and Extra boxes accord:
ingly),
The Ka can only animate the statue while the characte

dead, not when he is simply freeing his Ka for spirit travel
(Gee next chapter)

Mummy magicians use Ka Statues as an excellent means
of allowing their Ka to better protect their dead physical
body

Large Structures
Difficulty Number:
Effect Level:
Key Ingredients:
This spell is similar

tures, Itallows the mi

ample of a similar structure

the level three spell Minor Struc-
cian (o create miniatures of virtually
y ry structures such as skyscrap-
fs and nuclear submarines would have higher difficulty

‘numbers (like 10), oF may not be allowed by the Storyteller.
Large structures require four or more Sekhem per hour 10
‘maintain, depending on their size. Note that these Structures
take several minutes to grow and must have adequate foun-
‘ations oF they will collapse, ruining the figurine before it
reaches full size

Mimic Human
Dittculty Number: 9
Exfect Level: Target's Willpower x 10

Key Ingredients: Sample from target

‘Thic spel is similar to the Mimic Structure spells, except
‘that it creates a link between the magician's model and the
living or undead human being the figurine represents. When
the magician activates the spell, the subject, wherever he is,
will suddenly feel himeelf gripped by the mystic link. He ean
attempt to break the link by winning a resisted Willpower
ccheck against the magician's Willpower, If the victim is
successful, the magician's figurine shatters.

Ifche magician successfully takes control of the victim, the
victim's every movement, except speech, is subject to the
‘magician's control. The magician can prevent the victim
from speaking. but cannot control his words. The victim has
‘comtrol over himself when the magician does not choose to
‘manipulate the figurine, but when forced into movement, the
victim's limbs fail like a puppet on strings

‘The magician may also cause any type of injury to the
victim, including deadly injuries, by methods like setting the
figurine on fire so the victim self-immolates,

Maimtaining the connection costs a number of Sekhem per
‘minute equal to the vietim's Willpower

Mimic Large Structure
Difficulty Number: 9
Effect Level: 90

Key Ingredients: Sample of structure, picture or sketch of
structure for modelmaking

‘This speil is identical to the level four spell for minor
structures except that it accommodates larger constructs
‘These figurines requires four points of Sekhem every minute
to maintain the link.

Hekau

By far the most powerful Egyptian sorcerers were those
‘who had command over true names. Any force, animal, plant
‘mam or object has atrve name, a mystically inseparable part
of t, By calling atrue name, a Hekau magician has the power
to create, control, destroy or even become the thing named.

Human beings. by the nature of their souls, are slightly
<ifferent from all other things when it comes to names. Every
human has his or her own Ren, or True Name. Characters
have theirs listed on their character sheet. Conversely, indi


share one true name, and mastery of that one name provides
‘mastery over all hyenas. However, the individuality of hu-
‘man names i far from a complete safeguard against Hekau;
there's one catch. There are still generic true names for parts
‘of the buman body — such as Ab for heart. Naming the
Heart's Destruction will explode the heart of any man or
animal, But human name distinction is still a powerful
defense ifthe True Name is kept secret.

Unfortunately for modem people of the Wester world,
the trve name is used in everyday life. The experienced
Hekau magician need only know the full given birth name 10
sn contol (why does the old freak want ioknow my mile
same?)

With such power comes a great cost. Hekau magics
‘generally have high effect levels and therefore require si
‘nificant Sekbem expenditure to perform. The silver lining is
‘at Hekaui magics are relatively easy to lear and have low
difficulties. The magician need only practice the correct
‘Pronunciation of the true name.

‘But, as the Grateful Dead say, every silver linings got a
tooch of gray. The penalty that goes hand-in-hand with
Hiekau's ease of use is that every name is separate spel. For
‘example, the Level Two Command Animal, is not a spell in
and of itself, but Command Dog or Command Elephant are
Level Two Hekau spells. Command Animal is listed as a
Jevel two spell to be an indicator for what types of Hekau
Magic are available at level two proficiency. The specific
rnames/spells must be leamed individually.

Most Hekau magicians ar loathe to share their knowledge
of True Names, Each is a gem in their hoard of magical
treasure. Hopeful students had best have a high level of trust
‘with their chosen teacher and a willingness to perform great

service.

All Hekaw magics take a single action to perform and do
‘ot require any ingredients. They are quick and deadly in
times of violence.

is impossible to give a full explanation of every possible
‘use of Hekau, The following descriptions are a guideline for
the Storyteller and players. Ultimately, the magic must
simply integrate into the story and is therefore under the
‘Storyteller's control for determining the limitations on each,
use of the spells

Level One

Asking the Trees
Difficulty Number: 3
Effect Level: 10

This group of Hekau spells affect any class of vegetation
named (tres, grass, vines, and yes, shrubberies 100). The
‘magician names the plant type and adds a Hekau incantation
‘of control. The plant will obey any simple command by the
caster, even animating slightly to obey. Trees will drop

firewood from their branches or weave their foliage to
provide rain cover, grass will erase any trace of passage and
vines will grapple anyone nearby.

Forgetting the Stone

Dimmcunty Number: +

Effect Level: 20

‘These spells work against any kind of mineral or metal.
‘The magician names the substance, and then invokes a Hekaa
script for forgetting the trac name, The resulting effect i that

reality forgets the substance exists, and it is destroyed. The
‘caster can eradicate about acubic meter of material with each

casting.

Naming the Warning.

Difmeulty Number: 3

Pifect Level: 12

‘This spell is designed to ward off animals simply by
stating the creature's true name, Upon hearing its true name
spoken by the caster the animal will recognize the magician
4 someune wh potcmtially has control over it and will
‘behave accordingly. Most animals will cower and rua/fly/
swim away at their earliest chance, Only if an animal is
‘cornered will it fight the caster of this spell.

This spell does not work particularly well against animals
‘under the supernatural control of another since the animal's
faculties are dominated. However, the animal will sill falter

and fret upon hearing its name called. Supernatural beings
such as Lupines, Vampires or Magi who have assumed
‘animal form must pass a resisted Willpower to Willpower
{est withthe caster, or they too will suffer the effects of this
spell.

Level Two

‘Command Animal

Difficulty Number: 4

Effect Level: 25

‘These spells allow the magician to command any animal
‘whose true name she learns, THe animal will Be under the
‘magician's control as long. as she can continue to give it
‘verbal commands. I given the opportunity, the creature will
probably flee the caster's presence as soon as control is
felaxed. The animal's service will Hot last longer than a few
‘hours per casting ofthe spell. Commanding animals already
‘under another magician or being's contro requires a resisted
Willpower test between the two controllers. The winner
controts the animal.

Inviting the Stone In

Difmiculty Number:

Effect Level: 40

‘This is the crudest of the Heksu transformations. By
‘naming a mineral or metal, the caster's skin immediately
begins to solidify and change color. In just seconds, the

a World of Darkness: Mummy


‘magician's entire body will have transformed into an inani-
‘mate lump of the named substance, The caster will no longer
te recognizable as a human shape, just a small boulder of
rock or ore, roughly the same volume as his human body. AS
‘rock, the caster can stil hear, smell and feel what transpires
around him, but cannot see. If the magician's rock form is
‘chipped or cracked, the magician himself willbe injured as
well
Becoming the Tree

Difficulty Number: 4

Effect Level: 35,

‘This spell is identical to Inviting the Stone In, except the
‘caster transforms into the plant named, assuming its fullsize
from moss to redwood tree, The transformation is a bit
slower, taking about a minute.

Forgetting the Tree

Difficulty Number: 4

Effect Level: 36

‘These spells are similar to the level one spells for forget-
ting stone, except that they affect any vegetable matter. The
spell will affect about a cubic yard of fashioned woodstuffs,
1 single tree. or a foothall Geld size patch of grass or crops
with each casting.

Level Three
Become Animal

Difficulty Number: 5
Effect Level: 45

‘These Hekau transformation spells allow the sorcerer to
‘metamorphosize into any animal. The spell lasts until the
magician chooses to retum to her natural form. There are
several variants of these spells in use, some which have
instant transformations and others which have slower meta-
morphoses,

‘There is one danger if the sorcerer chooses to remain in
animal form for very long. For every day past the first two the
‘caster maintains animal form, she must passa Willpower test
‘against a difficulty equaling the numberof days she has held
the animal form. If she fils the roll, she loses herself into the
animal's mentality. effectively becoming the anima! ia both
form and intelligence. The magician can try another Will-
Power check against difficulty nine each new moon.

Command the Thinking

Difficulty Number: 4

Effect Level: Target's Willpower x 8

‘Once the Hekau sorceress knows the true name of any
person, mortal or supernatural, she can Weave their tree name
into a spell of commandment, This spell works like the level
‘wo Command Animal spell I the Victim is commanded to

do something which would cause self-injury. or something
horribly against the victim's ethics, such as killing their

spouse, the victim may roll Willpower to avoid self-injury,
and Conscience or Self-Control to avoid violating their
‘ethics. The Storyteller may assign the difficulty level, with 9
and 10 being the usual numbers.

Level Four

Naming the Organ's Destruction

Ditticulty Number: 9

Effect Level: 40

By pronouncing the true name ofan organ, followed by the
‘Hekau incantation of destruction, the magician ruins the
targeted organ. The victim is allowed one Stamina roll
‘against target 9 t0 resist. The effects of the spell vary
depending on which organ is affected — destroying an eye
partially blinds; langs, heart or brain leads to quick death;
kidneys or pancreas would result ina slower death, Note that
‘he Egyptian word for Heart is Ab. It was held to be the seat
of 1 people's consciousness and was weighed against a
{eather in the afterwor'd to determine their fates.

Destroying the organs of a Vampire doesn't necessarily,
Kill the undead beast. Instead, the Vampire suffers three
health levels for small organs and five for major organs. in
‘addition to any other effects such as blindness if an eye is
‘destroyed. These wounds are aggravated damage for Kin-
dred and Lupines.

Whispers to My Body

Ditticulty Number: 8

Effect Level: 40 plus 5 per minute

In this bizarre Hekau spell the magician speaks her own
{ve rname along with a magical intonation of metamorphosis.
‘The caster is then able to manipulate her body into virtually

ay shape. She could stretch her limbs, disguise her face,
make ber whole body become a viscous fleshy Iiguid and

‘pour through prison bars, stick her finger in a Jock and mokd
it into a ey, et. The possibilities are endless. Ifthe magician
concentrates on defenses, such as conforming her skull
around a baseball bat or letting bullets splash through hee
{orso, she will suffer three less health levels of damage from
any wound. Non-kinetic attacks such as fire are not dimin-
ished.

"There is one danger. Ifthe caster allows any of her body
tobe separated, itis just as painful or fatal as losing that body
part is normally.

Level Five
Forgetting the Person's Name
Difficulty Number:

Effect Level:

‘As was mentioned last chapter, the Egyptians believed
‘that if « person's name was not perpetuated after death that
the soul would fade from existence. With this ruthless Hekau

Chapter Two 8


lnrvocation, the magician is able wo make ber ence (ace from
cxistence. The victim gets one Willpower roll against diff
culty 9to resist. f the Willpower roll fails, others who knew
the person will tend to forget he ever existed (similar, but not
ss cxitcme as, he level 10 Obfurcate discipline of Memories
Fading Glimpse). Whether the victim's entire existence is
truly erased or he simply goes on to the Final Death is
‘unknown, Note that Mummy magicians hypothesize that this,
spell is the only way to end ther own immortal exisience

If the vietim successfully resists the spell, the magician
‘must pass a Memory test against the intended viet
Willpower, or the magician suffers temporary amnesia last
ing until some story event is significant enough to return her
memory

Necromancy

Atits lower levels of use, Necromancy is a very noble, if
somewhat grisly, magical art whose main purpose is 10
[prepare the dead for the afterworld. Many of the minor
funerary spel said for the dead are not listed here, since they
would rarely come into play (not many ancient Egyptians are
getting buned these days). There are some spells Mummies.
stilluse tomake their rebirth easier, All Mummies begin with
‘a tating of one in Necromancy.

Asamagician advances to higher levels ofthis magical an
‘things start becoming much more bizarre and horrifying. She
begins to cpend mare and more time working with corpses
‘and talking to herself (or her dead companions). Few necro:

mancers of advanced ability are without some mental disor

der, Whenever a character advances in Necromancy beyond
1 rating of two, she must roll Willpower against double the
desired skill level or gain a Derangement of the Storyteller'
choice (see Vampire). For example, a character is being
instructed in the art to raise her skill from three to four. She
must roll Willpower against difficulty (2 x 4 =) 8 to avoid
gaining a Derangement.

NA

SS

Most of the upper-level Necromancy spells involve com:
‘muning with spints. One necromancer claims to have spoken
with spirits who have faced ihe Final Death, bur the necro-
‘mancer is quite insane, so who's to say ifit's true. Often, once
4 necromancer's sanity begins to slip, demons visit him
‘masquerading as spirits to gradually subvert the magician's
‘will, I's am art for the brave of heart or sick at mind.

Level One
Body Preservation
Difficulty Number: 4
Effect Level: 10
Key Ingredients: Natron

This spell requires one day to perform. The magician
‘usually casts it upon herself as her Ba drains away and she is
about to die. If successful, the spell will kep the magician's

World of Darkness: Mummy


physical body from decaying for approximately 50 years,
after which decay slowly sets in.

Separate Ka

Ditticulty Namber: 5

Brfect Level: $

Key Ingredients: None

‘This spell takes but a moment to incant and, if secceasful,
frees the caster's Ka from his body. The immaterial (and
optionally invisible) Ka may then wander anywhere within
the immediate vicinity of the physical body. See the next
‘chapter for the powers of the Ku spirit.

This spell costs one point of Ka if successful, and the
‘magician must spend five Sekhem every hour this double is
divorced from the living body. The caster's body islifelessly
comatose and extremely vulnerable while the Ka is free.

Level Two

Revisit Death

Difficulty Number: 6

Effect Level: 12

‘Key Ingredients: Vulture feather or hyena tooth.

Casting this spell while touching a corpse allows the
‘necromancer to see a vision in his mind's eye that replays the
‘manner of the corpse's death, Just how much the information

the vision relates is up tothe Storyteller. The spell requires 10,
minutes to cast.

Level Three

‘Separate Ba

Difficulty Number: 7

Effect Level: 15

Key Ingredients: None

Like the level one spell for freeing the Ka, this incantation
takes amomentto perform. andithen the magicians Rais free
from his physical body. The necromancer's Ba enters the
spirit world in astral travel, connected to his physical body by
asilvery cord. See the next chapter for details on travel inthe
spirit world. The magician must expend five points of Sehem
‘every hour his Ba is gone from his living body.

Level Four

Animate Corpse

Ditticulty Number: 8

Effect Level: 35 + 4/hour

Key Ingredients: Human or animal Corpse

‘This necromantic ritual requires atleast five minutes of
chanting to invoke, While chanting the spell, the magician
ast either be massaging the corpse's heart or breathing ait
‘nto its ngs (like mouth-to-mouth resuscitation). When the

ritual is complete, and if it is successful, the corpse will
animate in a mindless semblance of life. It is under the
‘necromancer's mental control, behaving like a puppet on
strings, The corpse posses average strength, but may he
limited by its structural integrity

‘f'commanded to fight, the corpse isnigh unstoppable. The
‘only means to defeat it is to render it useless by hacking off
its limbs, For quick combat, assume the compoe cam suffer
twice as many health levels as normal.

Khaibit

Ditticulty Number: 8

Effect Level: 50

Key Ingredients: None

"This ritual is dark mecromancy at its best. When cast over
‘adying individual it separatesthe Khaibit, or shadow double,
from the person. Asthe Khaibit separates, the recipient ofthe
spellre-experiencesall ofthe moments intheir life when they
were truly angry, decetfl, lazy jealous or filled with dark
‘desires. These moments flash before the recipient's mind's
‘eyein aborrifyingly traumatic sequence, and then the Khaiit
divorce itself from the person.

‘The Khaibit is  thadowy spirit made up of all the
individual's negative emotions. It can manifest as a semi-
‘corporeal shade, but usually fits about on walls or floors as
an immaterial shadow. The divorced Khaibit is no longer pact
of the person, and has a wil ofits own, It isan innately vil

creature with a penchant for creating mayhem. Fortunately
itis bound tothe proximity of where it was released, and has
limited power in the physical world. tan speak, whispering
fmto the ear of any who can bear and will listen to its
corrupting messages. The Khaibit can also manifest small
poltergeist effects

It is believed that this seemingly monstrous spell is actu-
ally done to benefit the dying person, who can now goon to
the afterworld unburdened by negative emotions. The spell
requires an bour to perform and must be done in a dimly lit
area.

Level Five

Reshaping the Lost Soul

Difficulty Number: Spirit's Willpower

Effect Level: 50

Key Ingredient: Ashes from a cremated murderer

‘This spell can only be cast on spirits and ghosts haunting
the Earth. A successful casting allowsthe Mummy toturn the
spitit from its original purpose, freeing it from its old con-
fines or giving it new ones. For instance, if « ghost had
haunted the site of its ghastly murder for hundreds of years,
the caster could force it to haunt only an enemy's car for all,
‘eternity. Note that ghosts can make a resisted Willpower roll
tokeep the effects from happening, but even ove success by
the spelicaster forces the changes.

Chapter Two "és



Chapter Chree:
Che Cycle

We are young.

Wandering the face of the Earth,
Wondering what our dreams might be worth,
Learning that we're only immortal for a limited time.

"Sahura, what's it like to die?" I asked one evening. "I
mean to truly dic, spiritually. I'm well acquainted with
physical death."

We were sitting on an open terrace adjoining Sabura's
large Maine house, taking in the scents of a New England
autumn. It was 1948, and 1 had finished reading a book on
‘Taoist philosophy followed by one conceming investiga-
tions of ghost and poltergeist phenomena. thad never pressed
Sahura on the subject of what he always called the spirit
‘world or worlds.

He ruminated on the subject of death, working his mouth
and wrinkling his brow as he cogitated. "How to describe
color toa man who is blind? How can you let adeaf man feel
sound? It's a difficult question you pose, Edward."

"Are you saying that you have different senses when you
become a spirit?"

"It's not so much that your individual senses change," be
replied. "It's more that your whole sense of reality changes."

He saw I wasn't comprehending. so he elaborated. "L
could try to explain using an analogy from this world. 1
recently read a science journal that discussed how human
beings see. The author wrote thatthe human eye can perceive
‘nly a certain range of light, and that anything outside ofthis
‘ange of color spectrum is invisible to us, just asthe sound of
1 dog whistle is outside of our band of hearing

—Rush, Dreamiline

"You can think of this world and the spirit worlds in a
similar way, even ifthe analogy isn't entirely accurate. The
reality we live in is only one segment of a large range. Our
‘conscious sense of reality oy includes thove things inside of
that segment of the entire spectrum."

| took & moment to mentally digest what he said before I
responded. "Then, when you're dead and free from your
‘body, you begin to perceive in another range of reality? You
‘can hear the dog whistle?"

"Precisely. You can hear the dog whistle, and you begin to
sense and become a part ofthe new range of reality. But don't
bbe caught in the idea that you have to die to enter the spirit
‘world. Magicians go there unconsciously in their dreams or
consciously through projecting their spirits fram their living
bodies. Some of your kind also have that ability. though its
effect is more obscene. Other mortals accidentally call on
similar spirit perceptions und are labeled as psychics because
of their visions."

"So fortune tellers, like the gypsy crystal ball readers, are
truly gifted?" I jided.

"Yes, many of them are," he replied seriously. "Especially
the gypsies, who are quite a special people. Still, the majority
of psychics are charlatans, with no understanding of spirit
perception or travel."

"There you're confusing me a bit, What do you mean by
perception, and what do you mean by travel?"

Chapter Three 7


"Well, everyone, even mortals, has the ability to peer into
the spirit world — the part ofthe spirit world around their
Physical location. Using my analogy, it's broadening your
‘eases 10 include what is always around you but never seen
ovheard

"To travel through the spirit world requires much more
than simple perception. You must divorce your soul from
your physical body to travel the spirit realms. 1 believe
‘Western literature calls this astral projection, or out-of-body
cxpericaces. For living beings, and even beings like your
kind whose spirits are still attached 10 your dead, corporeal
self, te spirit is connected to the physical body during spirit
‘wavel by a silvery sirand, The fragility of that sitver connec-
tom makes it dangerous for the living to travel the spirit
worlds, Whereas, when my kind die, our Ba becomes di-
vorced from our self and travels free without the restraints of
the silver cord.

"And, Edward, spiit travel is awe-inspiring. The spirit
‘eal itself has limitless wonders, and you may always enter
certain spirit worlds which are unique experiences unto
themselves."

Wait, Sahura, I'm losing you again. Spirit worlds and
spirit realms? How does that fit your analogy?" I asked,

"I apologize, Edward. 1 keop mixing words with you.
‘There i so much tothe spirit realm, and it has been a pat of
‘me for so hong that I Jose myself when I explain it. To try to
answer your question, remember that I told you my analogy
docse't quite ft. The Lapines think of tings as spirits and

their domi, Forexample, you may travel the spirit ealm and
find the Great North Wind, You might then choose to enter
the spirit ofthe Great North Wind and travel in that blustery
spirit world."

Salta paused and regarded me. He frowned at my look of
confusion.

"Lee Lam still not being clear. Let me continue my own
analogy to human sight. Traveling to different spirit worlds
would be analogous to shifting to another range on the
spectrum, shifting to another area of perceptions and experi-
ences. Different spirits reside in different ranges of the
spectrum, and you can visit any of them by traveling or
shifting. You could even say that the upward end of the
spectrum is where souls pass on into Elysium, Heaven or any
Of the other glorious places that are the ise afterword forthe
‘dead. Ihave spoken with my kind who have come close to that
‘ange of sensing, but noone has ever made itto that range and.
visited Elysium,

"There is also a ower cod to this spectrum — Hell. Ifyou
‘cross Jow enough into this range, you indeed meet spirit
‘entities which ft my description of demons. ronically, there
‘solimittohow low my kind can goin the spectrum, but the
‘expericace bocomes so disturbing that there is sekiomt reason
Wo 50."

"So heaven is closed to you, but Hell is open for tourism."
| smiled atthe irony. "Have you ever been there? Have you
visited Hell?"

"Yes, I'vebeen there once." Sahura shivered at the memory.
‘went once to help a friend."
"Priend? Must have been a great guy if be went to Hell
when he died."

He frowned at my comment, making me fear Ihad pressed
‘my light humor to fa, "No,"*he said, "going to Hell because
you behaved incorrectly or sinned during life isn't entirely
{true in my experience. I believe where you go when you die
is more a product of individual belief fa man believes he i=
4 so-called sinner and must go to a Hell when be dics, his
spirit is so weighted with negative thoughts that he may self-
fulfil his prophesy and sink into Hel. I've seen it happen,
"The friend of which I spoke was my third wife, avery dear
‘but unstable woman. After I died, she committed suicide. In
‘my Ba form, | saw her spirit leave her body and tried tocatch
‘he, but she was in blind panic and confusion, still weighted
‘with the anguish that led 10 her suicide, Her spirit immedt-
ately began to shift towards Hell. attempted tocatch er, but
‘Apophis found her first and swallowed her into himself."

‘Sahura stopped there and stared out into the night. He was
visibly perspiring and his hands began to tremble slightly.

‘Sympathy forbade me to press him further, but my curios-
ity was stronger. "What did you do?" I asked.

His bead turned towards me, and he stared imo my eyes.
His pupils were dilated like a victim's before the Kiss. His
‘entire composure had shifted from calm conversation to
‘animal fear, "L followed her in, Edward. Into Apophis... into
Hell. andit... it was chaosand pain, like nothing the mindcan
imagine."

His voice trailed off, Tears were flowing down his cheeks,
and I could hear is hear thundering as his mind played back
the experience. Suddenly, he stuttered something in Egyp-
tian and then screamed out into the night, clutching his head
with both hands. His torso convulsed and be was sick on the
temace.

He didn't speak again throughout the night. He sat mately,
‘staring, his eyes oddly unfocused. I would have thought him
‘catatonic except for occasional movements and glimmers of
‘recognition when I fed him. His mind was numbed by the
‘sudden and vicious memory.

By next sundown when I awoke, be had visibly recovered

his faculties. I apologized for pressing him, and be simply
waved off my apology as if the emire incident no longer
mattered.

"Bdwardit'stime for usto visit another of my kind. 1don't
believe I have adequately explained the spirit realm to you,
letalone the workings of the Baand Ka, sol want to introduce
{you to ane of my kind who has traveled the spirit worlds
extensively. She currently lives in Brazil, and we will leave
tonight to see ber, if you wish."

World of Darkness: Mummy


We left that night on a chartered aeroplane. It took several
days by air and seato reach South America, and several more:
ddays to reach our destination by riverboat down the Amazon,

When I awoke on the sixth day of our Amazon envice
Sahura asked me to come out on deck. I followed him out to
the bow of the ship, smiling at the dark-skinned crewmen
who shot me fearful glances. Sahura had explained to the
‘captain that Iwas ll nd anemic and had come to the tropics
to recuperate. The captain was a rational man and believed
the lie. The crewmen were superstitious and they knew
beter

‘Our hostess tap sent wor that we are close robe and will
arrive tonight. She will send some of ber people tothe shore
to greet us," Sabura explained,

"I hear drums," I said. The sound was a distant pulse
steadily growing louder

Sahura stood silently, holding his breath ant stra
hear. "Well, | don't hear them yet, but we must be getting

one

‘You haven't told me anything about our hostess."

‘Yes, well, I prefer simple introductions. I don't want to
impress my opinions of her on you. But, I should atleast tell
you ber name, She is Queen Hetephras, wife of Pharaoh
Snefra and mother of Pharaoh Khufu, who was the builder of
the Great Pyramid at Giza,

Chapter Three

‘We stood silently for awhile. I tried to pick out constella
tons in the night sky. Sahura had been teaching me the paths
of the stars, reminding me that the alignment of the stars was
4 key to great magic, magic he had recently learned from
Tehatcha-em-Onikh

| ried to concentrate on the heavens, but the rythm of the
drums began to throb in my veins, invoki Hanger. 1
could smell the sweat of the crewmen round me and fee! the
blood racing in their veins. As the drums grew louder, so di
the call of hunger, until it pulled on every vessel in my body

{had fed poorly throughout our travel, and now the Hunger
was demanding ite due

‘The percussions were clearly audible, and the crew began
tofret, Sahura spoke tothe captain in Portuguese and the crew
became calmer but still walked about restlessly. Finally, as
the music and my hunger were about to drive me wild, we
rounded a bend in the river and could see a group of natives
(on the near shore who were pounding skin drums and
dancing,

Sahura pointed to the shore. The captain wheeled the boat
around and then slid it up to the shore. 1 saw the captain
furtively holding arevolveras his crewman hopped ashore to
wrap the linings around trees. Another crewman threw the
plank down so that Sahura and I could walk ashore.

We stopped befo
Their tthe bodies and wik

primitive dancers and musicians
yotion gave a sha


and then stopped. We stood on the shore, our hearts still
keeping rhythm to the vanished beat asthe primitives pros-
trated themselves in front of us and then began to beckon us
into the jungle.

Saiura spoke once more 10 the captain who nodded but
pointed to his watch to emphasize the extent of his patience.
‘We followed the brown-skinned primitives into the jungle.
Since itis extraneous to miy tale, I will not elaborate on the
signs arn smells hat opened up to Vampiric senses in rain
forest, but someday you must go before the forests disappear,
Its a religious experience, and it temporarily soothed my
Hunger that evening,

However. my relief was short-lived for as we approached
the natives' settlement, they shouted ahead to their people
who began a drum beat and dance whose size and emotion
casily rivaled the previous performance of our guides. As we
arrived atthe village, made up of a dozen thatch huts, l could
see scores of dark-skinned people wildly dancing 10 the
heavy beat. Sweat rolled from theie limbs asthey whirled and
jumped. Our guides seated us at the edge of the circle of
dancers. My hunger was a caged beast im my breast

With a crescendo of drums, the dancers leapt one Last time
‘and then spun away out ofthe circle. A fire blazed to life in
the center of the area as the drums picked up a slower, more
sensuous pace, accompanied by a high-pitched reed whose
sound floated in the air eerily

Queen Hetephras appeared from a shelter. She wore a
loose dress of comme weave tat slid around Heer dusky limbs
as she began to dance. Her black, lustrous hair was braided
behind her, and green koh highlighted her dark eyes,

{had readin Sahura's literature that Egyptian women were
{uit adept at seducing men, and the Queen's dance was more
than enough proof of that skill. Her movements were infi-
nitely more refined than the lurching pace of the natives, yet
ber limbs wove such wondrous pattems that her dance was
ever more primal and erotic. I was transfixed in agony and
anticipation

Finally, she wove her way near me, and cradting my chin
{inher hands, she beckoned me tomy feet. She led me straight
into the but from which she' emerged, while someone threw
the cover over the doorway behind ws, shrouding the small
interior in shadowy darkness, Outside the music sped back 10
«frantic tempo and the dancers howled

In the darkness, my eyes were transfixed by the pulse
along ber slender neck and a stream of sweat running down
her bare shoulder, Icould smell the oily perfume covering her
flesh.

"I have heard Leeches give unearthly pleasure to those
they touch," she said softly in thickly accented English.

Herhands cradled my head and pulled my face towards her
‘neck. My teeth broke her skin and she cried out but did not let.
'80. Her arms wrapped around my bead and then she moaned

World of Darkness: Mummy

loudly a the pleasure of the Kiss came upon us. Her blood
tasted oddly stagnant, but 1 paid it no heed and crushed ber
‘oft body to mine and drank with her gasps in my ear

Her body werithed against mine, but her arms did ot
felease me until | had drained her, and she lost her strength
AAs Laid her body on the ground, a heavy fatigue came into
my body and I swooned tothe dirt floor, unconscious

awoke in the spirit world with Hetephras standing beside
‘me. The but was now a translucent film around us, and the
dancers outside were blazing souls of life, The forest was
breathtaking in its true form,

Everything around me looked absolute, at f I had never
really seen the entire object before. I looked at my physical
body. It was a phastly dark shadow on the pure ground, like
‘an inkblot on a clean page. A thin silvery cord ran from my
spirit into that black hole of a body.

Hetephiras herself stood beside me unconnected to her
physical body. Her spiritual body was rippling. brightentity
barely distinct asa corporeal form. And then, as I watched,
another spirit form arose out of het prone pysical body and
stood beside it. This new form matched her physical body in
cevery detail, but was duller and more solid-looking than the
spiritual form beside me.


‘The new form spoke to me. "Welcome to the spirit world,
‘Mr. Edward Hollister. Now you can see for yourself how my
spirit divides when the body dies. 'am the Ka of Hetephras,
the guardian spirit. My duty will be to look over our physical
body while the Ba roams these realms."

‘Then the swirling form beside me, ber Ba, spoke. "Come
with me," it beckoned.

‘Sometnow I was cau in hes spirit and pulled along aa we
raced away. The spirit world became a blur of sensations
around me. We stopped as suddenly as we had started. Istood
on the sands of Egypt, looking at the Necropolis of Giza,

"Magnificent," she said. "Too many buildings are con-
structed in this modem era without concem for their spiritual
‘identity. Our architects began with the spiritual conception
and created the physical identity."

‘The pyramids were indeed magnificent. As studied them,
| could see figures of men crawling about on the surfaces.

"Who are they?" I asked,

"The spirits of those who did building the pyramids. They
choose to remain here, maintaining the monuments to which
they devoted their ives."

"What can damage such monoliths?"

"The Desert Sand Storm blows by, sneaking past the
Sphinx to eat away the pyramids."

"The Sphinx?"

‘She tured me around. Behind us sat the Great Sphinx, a
‘igantic spirit, guardian of the necropolis, The sphinx tumed
its bead towards us and languidly blinked its eyes before
tuming away.

"Oh my," Isaid

"She's known me fora very long time, Edward. She lets
‘me visit when I choose. I was buried here, you know."

"With your son."

"Yes, the darling brat, It was the east he could have done.
Let's leave," she said, and we raced away.

Hetcphiras showed me many things in the spirit realm —
the Grand Canyon, frolicking elemental spirits, a Mayan god
spirit world, and other places and things. To her, he spirit
‘world was an endless supply of pleasures and experiences.
She thrivedon them, anu said abe spent much of bes immortal
life im the spirit world.

‘She gave me only a few warnings of places never to go as,
‘spirit. She said to beware of Switzerland as it wasa place of
‘refuge for her kind; beware the Himalayas, where the many
‘of the ancients played out their "tiresome" battle of Jyhad;
and beware Stonehenge and Easter Island. Then she thanked
me for a most pleasurable death and retumed me to my
physical body.

Immortality

Mummies have an immortality far different from that of
‘Vampires or Faeries. The ritual which created Mummies has
sctually deprived them of the ability to permanently die,
rather than given them the ability to physically live forever.
Mummy characters go through cycles of death and rebirth
similar to those of reincarnation, except that the Mummy
always returns to the same physical body upon rebirth. The
cycle of living in the physical world, physically dying, living
inthe spirit world and rebirth has been repeated for millennia
by the select few men and women from ancient Egypt who
were blessed (or cursed) by the spell of Isis and Anubis or
Set's perversion of it.

‘This chapter covers the death cycle of Mummies, detailing
‘each part of the cycle and the abilities of Mummies in each
‘phase, It also briefly discusses the Spirit Work

-_

Dying

‘The great mystery — death, It's something which almost
‘everyone has lain awake on some stormy summer night
‘pondering. What happens tous when wedie? Which religion,
if any, is correct? One Greek philosopher said that he did not
fear death, for if there were a true afterworld, be was confi-
dent that be would find paradise there, and if death were
simply the dark end of existence, then he would accept that
‘as well, for who doesn't enjoy a deep, relaxing sleep?

11's not the intention or theme of Mummy to explore these
‘questions, so here we'll make a distinction, for game pur-
‘poses, between true death and physical death. True death
{takes a character out ofthe game world. She isphysically and
spiritually "done for" in game terms. For example, Bobbie
Willis, a mortal character, has her bungee cord rip in mid-
jump, and she head butts the ground at 70 mph Bobbies now
truly dead.

‘Onthe other hand. if Bobbie had been wandering Soho and
received the Embrace from a Malkavian prostitute killer he
‘would suffer physical death and become a Vampire. As a
Vampire, ber body is physically dead, but her spirit is still
Joined with the undead body, so Bobbie is not truly dead.
Now, when the neighborhood witch-humter puts a 2 x 4
through her heart and then barbecues her, she will be truly
dead.

‘Mummies cannot suffer true death. Unlike Vampires, who
can truly die, Mummies are absolutely immortal. Before the
character's death in ancient Egypt, the Cult of Isis visited the
character and bestowed upon her the ritual of etemal life.
‘When her body died, her spirit was set free, but could not
travel to those select spirit realms where only the truly dead
‘may go, Dazed and confused, the Mummy's Ba wandered the
spirit world, receiving instructions of her immortal power
from a spirit or another Mummy.

Chapter Three St


‘Though Mummies cannot uly de, they certainly can and
60 face physical death. They die in two ways: violent death
‘and spiritual release. Violent death encompasses all of the
‘normal demises which mortals face — car accidents, gun-
shots, disease, salmon mousse, etc. Since a Mummy's spirit
1tw-physical body connection has been broken and rejoined so
‘many times, iis abit more fragile, Neatly terminal wounds
are sometimes sufficient 10 sever the link and send the
character into physical death.

‘Whenever a Mummy character's Health track drops 10
Iacapactated, the character must immediately oll dice equal
to her Ba score with a difficulty of 7 (adjusted by the
‘Storyelier according 1 the citcumstances of injury). If the
character fails the test, the injury is so severe that the
Mummy's spirit comes free of her body. If the character
‘passes the test, she remains barely alive as normal. However,
if de character suffers one more level of injury, ste will be
physically dead with no Ba roll needed.

Spiritual Release and Ba Loss

Mummies eventually face physical death even if they
«void violent injury, due to the gradual weakening of their
Ba. When a Mummy is reborn into his physical body. he will
‘normally have a substantial Ba score, Through the normal
course of living, his Ba is gradually weakened as its energy
is used to maintain the ptysical body. When the character's

Ba score drops to zero, be physically dies and his spirit is
released,

‘The cycle is analogous to people who age to the point
where they are ready to die, and when they decide to die, they
inevitably pass away in short order. Obviously, spiritual
release is preferable 10 violent death, since the character
knows death is coming and can prepare for it with proper
burial rites and a melodramatic deathbed scene.

A ctuaracte will lose one point of Ba about every decade
coffe, depending on the characters lifestyle. f the character
abuses his body with drugs, fast food and a stressful jet-set
lifestyle, he should lose a point of Ba as quickly as every one
‘orto years. On the ote end ofthe sale, disappearing into
«2 Tibetan monastery and meditating could prolong the Ba
expenditure to every two or three decades. Most Mummies
have some idea of this relationship between lifestyle and
spirit release, but they tend to lead whatever lifestyle they
prefer anyway, since they are accustomed to death and know
‘that they'll be back to live again.

In addition tothe natural loss of Ba, there are several other
‘ways characters lose their spiritual energy. For example, the
Magic chapter details some rituals that require the expendi-
ture of Ba in addition to Sekhem to successfully perform,
‘Also, extraordinarily traumatic events can cause the loss of a
point of Ba. Physical trauma such as sustaining a Crippling
‘or Incapacitating injury requires the character roll Stamina
versus a difficulty of 7 oF 9 respectively to avoid losing a
point of Ba. Emotional trauma soch as grief from losing a

loved one, venting a fierce hatred and other intense story
scenes can be roleplayed and the player or Storyteller may opt
for loss of Ba.

In addition, whenever the character performs actions
‘which would require a Vampire to check for Humanity loss
(evil of inhumane actions), the character must roll his Love
‘or Conscience Virtue against a difficulty decided by the
‘Storyteller based on the severity of the heinous deed. Ifthe
‘Character fails the roll, he loses a point of Ba.

The 9 Parts of the Soul

‘The exact beliefs ofthe ancient Egyptians with regards to
‘the human body and soul are imperfectly understood by

historians. As aculture, the Egyptians went through so many
sods. goddesses. beliefs and rituals that itis difficult to sift

through al the conflicting fragments to form a true picture.
Inmakes for great gaming though, since there's a lotto pick
and choose from.

In his translation of The Book of the Deal, E. Wallis
Budge, one ofthe best known Egyptologists, identified nine
distinct parts to the body and soul in which the ancients
Egyptians believed.

1. Khat — the physical body

2. Ka — a spiritual double or personality which took the
form of the human with which it was attached.

3. Ba the soul which visited Ra in the afterworld and

‘could revisit the physical body at any time,

4. Ab —the hear, thought tobe the seat of consciousness,
‘animal life and good or evil. twas weighed agains a feather
in the afterlife to judge the deceased.

‘5. Kivu — the spiritual soul, the ethereal and immortal soul
‘most analogous to the Christian equivalent.

6 Sekhem — power or vital force.

7. Rea — trve name, an integral part of a human's
existence.

8. Khaibit — the shadow, closely related to the Ba and
perhaps a vessel for it.

9. $Oha — spiritual body, an everlasting soul,

Many of the nine parts are essentially duplicates of one
senother in form oF function, representing different time
periods of Egyptian belief. In A World of Darkness:
Mumumy, only the Khat, Ka, Ba, Sekhem, and Ren are used
for gaming. The Khu and SOhw are considered elements of
{te person wihich pass on only in rue death ang are not used,
While the Khaibit is used asa spell (see Magic Chapter).

Being Dead

‘When a Mummy dies, her physical body, or Khat, re-
sembles any other corpse and will decay as such unless
preserved through magic or technology (several Mummies

s2 World of Darkness: Mummy


have credit at cryogenic banks these days). At death, the
Mummy's Ba and Ka separate from the Khat and become
individual spirit identities in the spirit realm

If the character belongs to a player. he suddenly has 130.
‘istic forms to roleplay. The two spirit forms each have
their own will and purpose. They are still the same person,
and will never seriously dispute with each other, but are
nevertheless each separate and individual.

The Ren, or true name, does not have any discemible
Dresence even inthe spirit world It is an unseen, yet inberent
and integral part of every facet of the Mummy's body and
soul

‘The Ka is the guardian spirit, changed with
Kat while the Mummy is dead. It holds very little of the
Mummy's intellectual capabilites, being somewhat single-
‘minded in its watebog function. The Ka spict's appearance
is ha of « traditional ghost. Inthe spirit world, I takes the
form of the deceased, but is a softly glowing translucent
mage. In the physical world, itis undetectable. Also like a
{thost, the Kaa cannot leave the basic proximity (S00 meters)
‘of the deceased body itis protecting.

‘The force or power ofthe Kaspirit is measured on a bubble
track onthe character sheet. Itisin the Mummy's best interest
to keep his Ka as strong as possible so that i is sufficiently
powerful to fulfil ts protective duties. Exercising any ofthe
Kas abilities requires the use of Ka energy.

The Kaccan become visible in the physical world for short
periods of time by spending one point of Ka. During its
physical manifestation, the Ka is able to speak sporadically,
‘bt since it has a limited intellectual presence, its messages
are often garbled and cryptic. The sudden appearance of the
Ka is usually sufficient to scare away would-be tomb rob-
bers

‘The Ka can also leave the vicinity of the body by expend-
{ng a point of Ka energy. It can wander for a few hours,
‘moving through the spirit world at an incredible pace. If it
does not return before its time is up, it must spend another
point of Ka energy.

‘The Ka is the means by which the dead Mummy can
‘manipolate the physical wotld. By expending a point of Ka
force, the Mummy's spirit becomes semi-corporeal for afew
‘minutes. While in this form, it has the same physical At-
tributes as the living character, allowing it to manipulate
objects orevenattack intruders. The only limitation isthat the
Mummy cannot use any physical atribute ata rating higher
than his current Ka force. For example, a character with
Strength ofS and aKa score of 3 wouldonly have aneffective
Strength of 3 when be manifests

‘The danger of taking the semi-corporeal form is that the
Ka can be injured in this form as well. For every bealth level
that the character would normally lose as the result of an

Injury, the Mummy instead loses a point of Ka. While inthis
‘semi-corporeal form, the Ka spirit moves about normally.
‘appearing to walk, though it actually floats just above the
ground,

If the Mummy's Ka force drops to zero, the spirit is
disrupted, It will be nonexistent until the Mummy regains
‘one point of Ka energy.

There are rwo ways for the Ka spirit to improve its force
rating. The first is through experience, and the Mummy caa
spend experience to regain Ka.

The second method is through offerings. If someone
sacrifices food and drink to the Mummy's spirit and the
Mummy chooses to try to accept the offering, the Ka may
{ain a point of force. The person making the sacrifice rmust
ass a Conscience Virtue roll against a difficulty of the
‘Mummy's current Ka. A person can make only one attempt
et year to honor the deceased in such a way,

fhe sacrificial roll botches, the Ka spirits infor difficult
times. The sacrifice confuses the Ka, s0 that it no longer
recognizes the deceased body it must protect. In a vain effort
to continue is guardian duty, the Ka will seek to protect all
that is dead or decaying by bringing it into itself, This leads
to the Ka spirit wandering forth and consuming filth (dead
animals, dung, rotting fruit, the walking dead, ec). During
this time, which may last days or weeks, the Ka spirits not
restricted to the proximity of the Khu, All told, the character
will lose two points of Ka and a point of Ba.

ahd tot ¢ DSi


‘The Ka can also he used againet other spirit in combat,
allowing the Mummy to roll one die per point against a
difficulty set by the Storyteller which corresponds to the
spirit's own power, Each success reduces the spirit's power
by one. allowing the Mummy to control ot destroy it after
reducing it 100.

Ba

The Ba is the soul oF spirit of the Mummy, housing her
‘emotions and intelligence. Upon physical death, the Ba spirit
's freed from the Khat 10 roam the spirit worlds. The Ba's
spinimal appearance is vaguely similar to the Khat. bat shifte
and pulses with an energy whose intensity depends on the
‘Mummy's Ba rating.

‘The world that opens to the Ba upon death is the spirit
realm and all ofits forms. The realm bokds the trac form of
everything that exists inthe physical world, which is but a
reflection of the sprit, Within the spirit realm, there are many
spirit worlds which can also be personified as beings. These
ange frow the Mother Earth, Gaia, wo all ofthe ancient ods
cultures have worshipped

‘Travelers in the spit realm, such a the Ba, ean attempt to
center any of these spirit world entities. Within each spirit
word, the laws of physics and reality may change dramati
cally, bat there is always a theme or cobesive environment
within any particular spirit world. For example, entering the

World of Darkness: Mummy

spirit world of Aphrodite, which was created by the minds
and souls of the ancient Greeks, would be a workd filled with
sensuous passions and objects of incredible beauty.

‘The spirit realm and worlds are also inhabited by other
spirics, enter benevolent, malevolent or mischievous. These
beings have their own wills and carry out their own purposes.
‘The Mummy's Ba is similar to these spirits in many ways,
since itis not connected to a physical body by a silver cord,
a ae spirits of the living. For spiritual combat, reat 3
‘Mummy's Ba rating as his Karma rating. The spirit worlds
are the playground and battleground to many ancient, pow:
‘erful beings and is of prime importance to those who manipu-
late the events leading to the Jyhad.

For the Mummy to ever see physical life again, the Ba
must recharge itself sufficiently to reenter the Khat and
power it. There are many ways the character can gain Ba
energy while in the spirit worlds. The primary way is by
siving service to or making sacrifices to spiritual entities.
‘These quests and sacrifices are mainly events of pure Story
telling and litte dice rolling to be shared by the player(s) and
‘Storyteller. Many require services of the character after he
awakens to physical life. They are each unique, s0 00 rules
are presented for them, Below are some sample quests that
might be good for one or two points of Ba.

Love —The character makes a pact with a spirit of love
such as Aphrodite, saying the character will love and cherish
‘someone of extreme ugliness or who is unloved when the
character i reborn. The spirit will grant the Ra, and heaven
hep the poor fool who does not keep her promise. There i190
fury like that of a ove goddess scorned

‘The Barge — The character enters the service ofthe sun
‘g0d Ra on his war barge as it sails across the night sky. Every
hight, the barge is attacked by the demon serpent Apophis
‘and his minions in an attempt to keep the sun from rising the
next day. The character's Ba spirit must prove itself in
‘Courage an! Meter before Ra will grant it spiritual coergy.
Ifthe character does not succeed in her tests, she may suffer
4 spiritual wound resulting in Attribute loss or a small
‘Permanent wound, such as loss of a finger, that will remain
with hex physical body.

Guide — A benevolent spit asks the character to guide
‘lost soul —a ghost —to rest. The character may have ofint
travel extensively with the ghost, revisiting scenes of its
‘mortal life. The ghost may ask certain promises of the
character as well, such as revenge or protection for loved
‘ones left behind,

Lupine Lore — Some Garou tribes tell of places where
Gaia's energy still bums bright, where a spirit can soak itself
and renew its energy. The wolves may allow some of their
young to belp the character search for the fount in the spirit
‘realm. in etum for services o¢ pacts from the character
The time required for quests varies widely. The character
will probably require a lot of time (downtime, usually not
roleplayed) between quests to find another source of Ba. All


‘mall, the amount of time a character is dead depends mostly
‘00 the Storyteller's desire, how many points of Ba the
character must rebuild, and how avidly the character wishes
‘oretur to physica life. Some Mummies preferto live in the
spirit worlds for extended periods of time,

Rebirth

Restoring the Body

‘Once the character has regained at least one point of Ba, or
thas. a Ba score of 10, she may attempt to rejoin ber Ba and Ka
with her dead Khat. In order to be reborn, the character's
Physical body should be more oF less complete. To accom-
plish this, the Kamay have to travel about collecting dismem-
bbered pieces and grouping them with the body.

‘The character can attempt a resurrection by rolling his Ba
‘ating against difficulty 11 - Stamina. Any successes the
character receives on this roll can be put towards reforming
her body. Any health levels (including Extras) that the
character's body suffered at the time of death must be
repaired before the characteris resurrected. For every suc-
‘cess onthe resurrection roll, the character must also spend
point of Ba in order to heal one health level of damage

For example, Sahurais gunned down by Followers of Set.
He effectively suffers two levels of injury past lncapacitated
Before he can come back to life, he must heal his body
‘somplerely through successive attempts af resurrection. He
will have to accumulate atotal of nine successes on resurrec~
tion rolls and spend nine points of Ba in order to reform his
body and then be reborn.

If the character suffers a nasty violent death, he will
undoubtedly have to make several resurrection attempts and
(quest for more Ba energy between attempts. A violent death
will not be the end of a Mummy character, but the player and
Storyteller may decide that the game time required for the

character to regenerate himself effectively takes him out of
the Chronicle. The player may opt to start another character
(and take better care of the new one).

Enemies of the Mummies. such as the Followers af Set,
have a good idea of what the Egyptian immortals must do to
resurrect themselves, and the Followers will go to great
Jengths to destroy the Mummy's body when murdering a
Mummy. However. there isa limit the physical dextroction
‘hich can be inflicted on the Mummy's body. For purposes
of resurrection, the Mummy's body is never more than five
health evelstbelow Incapacitated. This would represent there
bbeime nothing but abses left of the Khat. fmm which the
"Mummy must regrow his body. This is not a common habit
of the Followers, since they usually find the grief they suffer
atthe hands of the Mummy's Ka and Ba doesn't make it
‘worth their while to destroy the Mummy

Amnesia

‘When a character is reborn. she must check each Still or
Knowledge rated higher than her Intelligence Attribute. For
each such Ability, the player rolls Intelligence against diffi-
culty 6 Ifthe roll fils, the character loses one rating point in
that Ability. The player must also make one general roll for
memory loss against difficulty 6. The degree of failure or
success isa general guideline tothe Storyteller and player as
tohow much ofthe character's past she remembers, Charac-
ters with Intelligence Attributes of six oF moe through
amulet magic are immune to this amnesiac effect.

Living

Once resurrected, the characteris alive forall intents and
purposes. Pethaps the only discernible difference is to Vam-
pires. The blood of a living Mummy tastes stale and foul 10
‘a Vampire. and will provide the undead parasite with no
sustenance (no Blood Points). Also, the Mummy's physical
bbody does not age even as his Ba gradually wanes.

Chapter Three



Chapter Pour:

Who can speak of eternity without a solecism, or think
thereof without an ecstasy?

— Sir Thomas Browne, Religio Medici

will now share with you my final lesson under Salvura's

tutelage. It is where I learned the tale of Osiris and Set,

the story of Isis and Anubis, and most of all, the tale of
Horus. Unfortunately, like the fabled Book of Nod and the
‘myths which that infamous lexicon has generated, the story
of Osiris and Set most assuredly is not true in every detail.
Rather, itis an oral account, somixed with biases that itraises
‘as many questions as it answers. The lesson is therefore a
frustrating one, but also an exciting one, for it recounts
ancient events which I have come to believe spawned two of
the mightiest players in the Jyhad.

‘Saiura and I were sitting ata Parisian cafe down the sect
from the Are de Triomphe. 1 was admiring the crowd and
‘reveling in warmth from the evening Kiss" blood in my veins.
Sahura was reading and rereading a correspondence which
‘bead received unrough a peculiar courier that evening atour
hotel

‘The letter had come strapped to the leg of a magnificent
hawk. The bird had dropped into our hotel room through the
‘open terrace and perched itself on the bureau. Once Sabura
hhad relieved ito its message, it gave me apiercing look, cried
‘out, and then left the way it had come.

1 eat patiently, toying with a cup of expresto and feigning
sips periodically, Sahura finally et down the parchment and
regarded me dourly.

"It's as I expected. We won't be going through Switzer:
land. I tried to arrange an audience with Horus for you, but
‘such was not to be. His hatred hasn't changed."

My mind did not lock onto the name Horus when Sahara
firstsaidit. Rather. keyed onhis use of the word "audience."
‘With the possible exception of Tehatcha-em-Onkh, Sahura
hhad always treated his undead associates as peers and my
‘meetings with them over the past decades had been reasoe-
ably friendly affairs. "Audience" carried an entirely new
hierarchical connotation.

| lifted the fetter from the table, and with his nod of
approval read it for myself.

Sahu,

Your lene surprised me. thought you had lost both the
‘courage to commoanicave with me and the desire enter nto
immortal affairs.

In response to your entreaty, | will decline 1 am not
available now, nor will lever be available to speak with a
Leech, even a fledgling. My position on that matier has not
wavered since the time of my father.

If you continue in your endeavor to educate the young
Kindred about Our existence, you are exposing yourself 10
Potential doom. If one of my Jyhad peers decides that such
dissemination is not constructive to his or her machinations,
‘your existence will end.

Chapter Four


Besides. your perceptions of events are so confined and
{filled with misconceptions that you will be providing the
Vampire Neonates with an education of minimal value. You,
like ali of the Camarilia flock, are still guided by the ilusion
that the Jvhad is a petty power strucele invotving only the
‘physical world that you and I currently inhabit, You have no
_srasp of the scope of the conflict. of Vampiric Golconda, or
the threats posed to the realms of the Ba.

In many ways, | envy your simple position. Take care,
countryman.

Horus

"Horus? Osiris and Set? I thought those were figures out
‘of your mythology."

‘Sahura signaled "no" by closing his eyes slowly and
reopening them.

"They arc from history five millennia old. They were rea,
0d sil are. Calling them Gods and sons of Gods, however,
as my land did in ancient times, is not so very far from truth,
‘They were visible before humanity for but a single genera-
tion, yet their brief performance on that stage drew such awe
that they were worshipped as gods for 3,000 years, and their
‘names have endured in human literature to this day. Thus was
their might."

"Who are they? Are they like you?"

"Badward, you must hear the tale of Osiris and Set. But,
since I've lived thee lives since it was last told to me, I shall
not orate it for you. We willend our journey. and yourlessons
as to the nature of my kind, back in my homeland, There is a
‘man there a old as Horus, aman of my kind, who will tell the
story of our Gods."

‘Twonights hence I was driving an abysmal ine car down
‘narrow strip that Sahura maintained was indeed aroad, We
had chartered a flight from France to a village outside Cairo
and then gone overland from there. We were somewhere, be
inthe middle of nowhere, ia the Nile Valley. I doulx I could
find the place again,

During our travel, Sahura was tacitarn. I pried him with
‘questions but received few responses. He was reticent (0
speak more about Horus until had heard the tale fromthe one
‘we were now traveling to see —a gentleman named Mestha
— who Sahura maintained was the oldest Mummy in both
real and apparent years.

‘Ourtravels ended ina farming town made quiet inthe early
smomning, Under Sahura's guidance we lefthe car and walked
for several miles, We left the town before tuming off the
‘main road and taking a side lane towards a small house in the
fields. Sahura continued walking past the small farmhouse
and into the fields of wheat. followed him down tothe banks
‘of the Nile where Mestha stood gazing atthe stars,

In the moonlight reflecting off the Nile, ! could sce that
‘Mestha was an old, scrawny man with dark skin and a bald
hhead. Sahura spoke to him in what I could now recognize as
an ancient Egyptian dialect. Mestha's only response was 10

tum and regard us. My eyes locked onto his face. weathered
‘beyond mortal causes, with deep furrows in his cheeks and
forehead, Set amid impossibly wrinkled skin, Mestha had the
‘most beautiful and loving eyes I had ever seen. I wag
‘mesmerized by the ancien! spiritual power and benevolence
in those eyes. We studied one another for several minutes
‘before Sahura spoke again and I recognized my name amid
hhis dialect speech.

Matha smiled casily, hischeeks iting intochery grooves
formed from thousands of years of happy countenances. He
waved us toward the house and began walking. I followed
‘while Sahura lingered for a moment to reminisce with the
<temal river before joining ws.

‘Mestha led us ino his home, as spartan and simple on the
inside as it had appeared from the lane. He showed me to a
seat next to an iron stove. Our entrance stirred a litle noise,
and woke someone sleeping in the bedroom adjoining the
room where we sat. Yawning and wiping sleep frombereyes,
1a woman of inestimable beauty stepped through the doorway
from the bed chamber, Beneath her night garments I could
sce the curves of youthful flesh, Her dark eyes and exquisite
face were framed by rich black hais which ran in free waves
‘downer back. Iwasentranced by this dusky-skinned Venus,

‘She spoke to Mestha, seeming to atk a question. The old
‘man responded casually and waved her back into the bed-
room. She answered him and went back to her bed.

| turmed to Sahura and whispered, "Who is she?"

~Mestha's wife," he replied, and then chuckled as contu-
sion spread across my face.

‘Sahura tumed and spoke with Mestha, while I recovered
‘my composure. [ must admit it was hard to take my mind off
fof the woman in the next room, whose soft breaths calmed
into the regularity of sleep, I had the Hunger.

‘Sahwra succeeded in persuading Mestha to tell his story,
though since the old man could not epeak English, Sabura
‘was forced to translate the story ome, I will now recount the
story for you as it was told to me. The whole of it is from
‘Mestha's perspective, which sadly leaves out several cle-
‘ments of the narrative which would be invaluable.

‘Additionally, the story suffered long pauses Sahura later
told me resulted from the teller battling his memory todredge
forth the correct details. My friend said all Mummies suffer
«form of amnesia regarding events of their past tives, and for
someone as old as Mestha, the effects could be dire.

The Story of Osiris and Set

‘As (old by Mestha to Edward Hollister, May, 1972,

Like my ancestors before me, was a farmer of the Lower
Nile My family had dwelt onthe river't delta for generations
‘beyond our counting. We were governed by a lineage of
chieftains to whom we paida tribute of crops, but the Nile was

58 World of Darkness: Mummy


‘ur toe dictator. ts floods and droughts controlled our lives
far more intimately than our chieftains, who supported us
‘once a generation against Asiatic raiders.

‘That was the existence I knew until my sons had sons, and.
my life was taking its last tums, During that time, our
chieftain fell il and died. His son, a strong youth named
(Osiris, took his father's ttle and possessions

Immediately upon young Oriris* ascension. there were
rumors of infighting in the ruling housebold. It was said
Osiris' younger brother, Set, was bent on taking the mantle

of leadership from his older sibling. Their political squab-
‘bling ended with Oviris banishing Set from the Lower King-

‘dom. Set was taken to the western desert beyond the suns
evening rest and let loose, never to show his face to the
Egyptian sun again

‘To ald insult to his brother, Osiris claimed Nephhys,
Set's wife and their sister, ashisown mate. Through Nephiiys

some say by love, others say by rape — Osiris sired a 800
who was named Anubis. Through his other sister, Isis, Osiris
sired another son named Horus, With his wives and progeny,
(Osiris began a troublesome rulership of the deta

‘The eternal cycle of affairs and the stable borders of the
land he now ruled never pleased Osiris. He marshaled the
able men of the delta and marched repeatedly on the less-
civilized folk of the Upper Nile, meeting with lime success
imhis ventures. Several years of this led to unhappiness in the
kingdom. Many people, myself included, lost loved ones in
these fruitless advances. My eldest son perished in one
‘campaign, and my second eldest was an officer in the army,
s0 I constantly feared for his life as well

‘Then my daughtcr. who lived in the city, told me a very
strange man had entered the court of our chieftain and held
‘council with Osiris late at night. No one knew the origins of
the stranger, but rumors abounded that he was a god, come to
aad our chieftain When rumors spread thatthe stranger killed
palace servants and desiccated their bodies, the storieschanged.
so that the stranger was now a demon Osiris had struck a deal
with to ensure success in battle

After four moons waxed aund waned, the stranger Ff, send
the palace was no longer the same. The chieftain was struck
il for several days and all thought he would die. know now
that he did. He became a creature like you, Edward, only not
early as refined or 90... so basically fuman. He was driven,
‘even ruled, by passions for blood and conquest. I believe itis
axkmissible for children to be carefree and ruled by their own
esires, but when a grown man is ruled by his most basic
desizes, he beconnes evi

Osiris was our ruler, und he was all-powerful to us. He
displayed new abilities of such vast magical power that he
instantly became known asa god. He claimed to control the
‘ternal river itself, and indeed that season and for several
thereafter, the Nile was tame and the lands plentiful. Thus
Osiris became known as the god of fertile fields

Chapter Four


With this prosperity. no one put mach stock inthe blood
ssctifices Osiris took in his nightly courts. None noticed how
ur litle nation was mastering an army of disproportionate
might. My son told stories of Osiis sharing his own blood
with an elite cadre of men. who were in tums both the myal
‘guards and the crack troops onthe battlefield. My son told of
how afew ofthese guards were taken by Osiris and made into
the king's image

Osiris 00 longer dreamt of conguest to the south, so our
chariots rode east against Asia. I believe the stranger had
played Osiris fora fool and apawn, giving him enough might
to threaten the Asians on ther flank. 1 still do not know the
true political machinations that were involved, bus athe ine
[suspected that my country was being used as apiece onthe
same board of the gods

As forthe rest ofthe royal farnily, I believe they remained.
tnuman, though Isis and Nephthys and their sons each dis
played some talent for magic. Isis especially became known,
‘as witch of great power, and she was loved for the charitable
miracles she worked,

As Lrecall, we passed three years under this state of affairs,
Our armies marched well into Asia, and my son grew quickly
imrank, bringing honor tohis family (here Mestha broke from
the narrative to describe his son's private heroics in some
detail. I have omitted the accounts, though some were truly,
impressive — as Mestha recalled them. Edward),

World of Darkness: Mummy

‘Asan elderly man. these draticchangesin events were
"unpleasant break in life's stability, so when Set returned from
the westem desens, I was poorly prepared for the pace of
change, especially for their growing involvement with my
own hfe

Set. The name has rightly come to reek of evil, manipul
tion and despair. Whatever transpired to the boy in bis desert
wasteland banishment created a man of unnatural cunning
sod total lack of human lave. Some, inclating those win
knew him bes, later sad that what retumed was not Set tall
but a demon masquerading as the lst prince. In any event
he had become superior to Oniris in bloodlust, power and

Set planned his return tothe court of Egypt with exquisite
‘ere. Osiris had just retuned from an Asian campaign. He
was weary and nearly destroyed after a titanic batle with a
‘creature my son described ashalfsman and half-hyena, which
smote Osiris with great magicx and powerful spirits. (A
Jupine? Perhaps thistale became confused with Set and led to
the symbolic representation of Set as part man and part dog,
Edward). At great cost, Osiris triumphed against the beast
thing, but his reward was a refum to a court sown with
wickedness and ripe with treachery

Severalofhis seemingly loyal servantepeesentedhim with
4 golden sarcophagus shaped especially to the chicftain's
body, to assure him pleasant slumber, When Onis lay down

to rest, the cover was thrown and locked. Set appeared from.
the form of a cour snake and magically sealed the hor

‘Then there ensued a great battle between Set and his
servants, who had infiltrated the court, and Osiris' own loyal
guardsmen. The battle was great, but sadly short. Osiris' men
were as sacks of wheat to be thrown about by the powerful
‘Sct. Few of Osiris' faithful escaped.

After the clash, Set's minions wrapped Osiris' sarcopha.
{208 prison in lead bindings and took it tothe Nile's mouth
‘There it was taken out to sea and dumped in deep waters
However, another story holds thatthe sarcophagus was not
‘dumped, butratber taken toacourtin Asia, where allies of Set
Watched over Osiris in is prison.

‘Set took absolute control over the land. Isis and Horus
escaped him, but Nephihys was not xo lucky. Though ber son
Anubis was saved and spirited away, Set claimed his former
mate. There was soon trouble of some sort between the
couple, presumably because Nephthys refused to share Set's
accursed state (here Mestha apologized to me and reminded
te that the Vampiric state of these primal beings was
somewhat different from my own, Fawanf] Inrage, Set slew
Nephthys. The country mourned, and the anger of the heav-
enly house was brought to bear an the evil usurper

‘Word came to me from riverboatmen that Isis had suc-
ceeded in piriting away Onits® sarcoplugs from whatever
‘watery oruncarthly domain held it She was to free Osiris, but
Set discovered the act and interrupted the resurrection. In a
rage, Set cast open Osiris' prison and set upon the motionless


body within, rending the chiefiain's form into hundreds of
pieces. These he ordered to be cast out about the bread of
the delta, where they would languish inthe darkest comers of
‘our land. Osiris living country would behishereafteras well,

‘The evil one captured Isis and Horus, binding them magi-
cally and with restraints. They were taken to Set's palace 10
suffer unspeakably forthe evil god's amusement. twas here
that Set plucked out young Horus' eye and with it stole the
man's Ba, trapping it in the stolen organ. Horus" body
‘became like a dry reed, with Isis constantly administering
‘magics to itso the body would not perish.

‘This transpired for too long. with none brave cough to
‘resist Set, until my son returned from the fields of Asia. Still
an officer inthe army, and loyal in his heart to the queen, not
the treacherous usurper, he freed Isis and Horus in a heroic
escape from Set's fortress.

[Now my son was brave, but also headstrong. He could not
flee all the way to Nubia without being found by Set's
minions, so he brought Isis and Horus to the only other place
the could imagine — my home. 1, an old farmer looking
forward to dying, became an outlaw on my own land.

‘But the sight of the queen and the body of her son swept
‘away worties and self-pity. My son had followed his heart 10
free them. He assured me Isis' magic would shield them from
Set's scrutiny, but we must make preparations to hide them
from search parties. Meanwhile, my son traveled on in an
attempt to mislead the pursuit. The last I heard. my son was

‘captured entering the Upper Nile and put to death.

My family protected our charges zealously. We made
provisions to hide them on the rare occasions when soldiers
‘ortaxmen would al onthe farm. Inretumn, we saw Isis return
1 full health, though her lamentations over her son were
beyond our power to solve. The queen did repay our kindness
with small favors, blessing our crops and our animal stock.
For these and forthe other spells which kept her son alive, she
sent my grandchildren scavenging far and wide for exotic
materials.

One night, my young granddaughter woke me and, lead-
ing me by the hand, took me out to the shelter where Isis and
Horus were hidden. Isis called for me and I went to her side
«as she mended her son's vacant eye socket, a source of never
‘ending blood loss. She told me her spells to keep her son alive
were slowly failing, and soon she feared the young man's
body would stop. With his Ba sucked out of his heart and
trapped by Set in the lost eye, Horus would never find the
Elysian Fields. | must help her; I must be brave.

‘The next morning, after Ra dragged the sun into the sky
and Set had shut his eyes, Isis called to Anubis. She took the
chance that her message would not be heard by Set in his
dreams ashe slumbered through the day. but the time for risks
‘had come. Anubis answered, and commenced his journey 10
join Isis at my farmland from whatever hiding place he had
taken.

‘Two days hence, Anubis arrived. He was a stout young
‘man of considerable wisdom for one of his age. At frst, be
spoke constantly of slaying the evil one for the murder of
Nephhys, Anubis" mother, but when he heard the hoarse
+asps of life left in Horus' body, he began working with Iss.

For three days my children and grandchildren were sent
running to market and to the fields for various animals,
ointments and plants. For three days Isis and Anubis argued
‘and conjectured over the spirit world and how to save Horus.
Finally, they decided on theie formula, and Isis approached
me,

"Wise and old onc, your years will caich you in but a few
‘seasons. When I am gone, no one will stop the pain in your
Joints, or the cramps inside, Your life can yet have one more
‘great purpose, We must know if our formula is correct. We

‘upon someone ee. Your rewand, if we succeed,

{could not refuse my queen's request. Ibid farewell to my

family, and went with the two magicians into the hidden
shelter.

‘They killed me. Anubis fed me a cup of poison which
‘numbed my body and stiled my heart. Death is exciting,
especially now in my span. after Ihave experienced it more
times. The first time, when I was a virgin at death, it was
‘sudden and frightening. But once your Ka walks from your
‘body, and your Ba passes into the spirit worlds, you experi-
cence a complete fredom, and al fear ie gane. Them I did not
‘control my Ka very well. so what transpired about my dead
body, I cannot say.

My nextexperience outside the spirit worlds was a calling
from sis. She was hailing me back into her world. There was
‘an awful jolting which shook the fiber of my being. and I was
‘back. My sou! had taken death's journey for the first time,

Isis and Anubis were much relieved at my safe return.
‘They spoke of successful spirit shifts and opening the door
‘between worlds with their magic. They seemed intent oo
killing Horus' body in such a way that his Ba could always
‘etum to it. They spoke with utmost concem of how they
‘would ever free his Ba from its optical prison in Set's hands.
However, they were resigned to do what they could, and that
included killing Horus,

Iwas very weak. and their magics had visibly tied bodh
Anubis and Isis. However, they were intent upon completing
their work. They labored forthe rest of the day and into the
evening before Horus' body gave is final rasping breath and
lay still. While Isic and Anubis slept, my daughters wrapped
Horus' body in inens. Such simple funeral fitings for the son
of a chieftain.

‘At dawn, I broke fast with Isis and Anubis. Having
temporarily saved Horus, they actremed on how 10 slay the
‘usurper and recover Horus' Ba. I quickly gathered that they
‘had no idea how to slay a demon such as Set. Their only
conclusion therefore, was to once again recall Osiris and
hope the former ford could best Set. The idea evidently

Chapter Four 1


appalled them: their loathing of Oriris was both evident and
surprising to me. They were committed to trade one demon
{for another as long as Anubis had revenge and Isis restored
ther son. I asked them if Set would know of their attempts to
revive Osiris, at he had when Isis raised the god from his
‘watery prison. Most certainly the evil one would know,
‘Anubis told me, and the youth bade me to send my family
away to safer dwellings,

4 scm my family away as the young lord said, but f
remained behind, Icould notleave my land, and the affair had
‘become very personal (ome. was content to gamble with my

life to see the outcome of the mortal magicians as they faced
See

Isis began a ritual as Ra rode off the world's westemn edge,
‘When night fell, she had already summoned flocks of
‘waterbirds and sent them soaring over the Nile delta. Each
retumed with a scrap of grist, a dried bone or some worm-
‘eaten remain. Each piece was piled into small heap of rotten
debris,

Meanwhile. Anubishad contacted the remaining servants
‘of Osiris and bade them come from hiding and ready them-
selvestto face Set. These servants, demons all of them, began
to arrive at my farm,

‘When Isis had finished her magic, and Oniris' corporeal
‘remnants were heaped ina pile, Anubis led my ox over tothe
pile, and with my best knife, cut the beast' throat, The ox was
spellbound and did not move or make a sound: it simply stood
over the pile of corporeal remains, gushing blood from its
‘veins. As the blood soaked into the pile, the servants of Osiris
ccuttheir own wrists and added drops oftheir own blood tothe
‘bath. Isis stood among them incanting a spell of powerful
‘necromancy to call Osiris' soul back from the netherworlds,

‘Slowly the dark magic took its effect. The bone began to
{ent the skin regrew, and the body of Osiris rose up. While
stil a half living thing, i gasped out "He és coming, my
‘brother comes for us."

‘When the ox had finally collapsed, Osiris lay on the
‘ground, He was a blackened, feeble thing. Isis and Anubis, as
‘well as the many servants, became agitated. Anubis called to
‘my dog and spellbound itashe had the ox. He took itto Osiris,
‘but the chieftain waved it away feebly. Anubis looked back
at Isis in concem, and then Osiris was upon him. The
‘blackened thing rose up with unnatural speed and grasped the
‘young man. Teeth the size of daggers flashed from its skeletal
‘mouth and plunged into Anubis' neck. The young prince
choked once and then collapsed asthe father feasted upon the
son. Isis screamed in horror: I was sick.

When I recovered from the nausea, Osiris was standing
tall, blood bathing his bare and muddy chest. He laughed
aloud at Isis who had be gun to weep, and then his gaze swept
cross to me. His eyes blazed and my limbs respooded. My
‘ord was hungry stil, and I would feed him. My limbs moved
‘me toward him like asleepwalker, my mind was flooded with
dreams of youthful pleasures and boyhood memories.

‘When I was but few paces from him, my reverie wat
interrupted. Directly above us was a loud crack of thunder,
and something flew into Osiris, knocking him tothe ground.
‘The shock of the collision threw me aside x0 that I tripped
‘over the dead ox and fell. On my back. gazing into the ey,
| saw them all descend from the sky like a flock of carrion
birds. Set and his followers had arrived.

From behind the ox, 1 watched as Osiris and Set fought.
Theirs titanic struggle amid the clashing of dit
progeny. The two gods transformed from one shape to
another, their bodies Nlowing like water into one form or its
‘emesis. Set became a great snake, Osiris grew the talons of
«ahawk. Over and over the par rolled. Set punched a talooed
hhand deep into Osiris' back, then all of the evil one's hair
burst aflame,

beard Isis calling names of magical power to aid Osiris.
{myself threw the slaughtering knife atthe evil one, but the
‘weapon bounced off his skin as if it had struck a block of
stone. The struggle was between the two gods, and gradually
Osiris' weakness began to show. The fertility god was still
tired and spent. Finally, Set lifted him high i the air and
hurled him at my house. Midway through the air. Osiris' body
burst into flame s0 that he struck the house like a star from
heaven. The tiny structure collapsed on him and began to
smolder and flame. The entire heap quickly became a bon-

"Curse you brother, for taking my son," Isis wailed at Set.

‘The demon tuned to het, The battlefickd had already
broken as Osiris' minions fled and were chased down by
Set's followers. Set faced his sister and slowly advanced on
hher"Isthis what you want sister?" he taunted rolling abuman
‘eye between his fingers. "I don't recall you being very
supportive of me when I was banished. Would you like 10
‘court my favors now?"

Isis began to name every maleficent force in her power.
‘The ground shook and swelled beneath Set. The heavens
roared, bathing Set in thunderbolt, and still Isis continued
her litany. Set finally broke free, reached out and slapped her,
‘breaking her jaw and tossing her tothe ground.

Your magics are nothing. What god would bow down to
‘amoral woman? I command now, and you, sister, will join
Nephihys."

‘After 5,000 years, my mind sil holdsthe next detail of the
story with the greatest clarity. The eyeball which Set held in
hhis hand tured and focused on the evil one, as ifthe organ
‘had a will ofits own. Indeed it must have — the will of Horus.

"Then beside Set stood the avenger himself, barely corpo-
‘eal in his Ka form. He was dressed in battle finery with a
‘patch over his missing eye and a great knife in his hands. He
hacked into Set, shearing off the wsurper's phallus with the
first stroke. The second stroke spit the eyeball, rupturing the
tiny organ. Horus was prepared for another blow. but with the

a World of Darkness: Mummy


freeing of his Ba, his spirit form was disrupted and he
disappeared. Only his voice lingered, promising final doom
for Set

Sadly. my story mustend here. Osiris was slain and bumed
completely. Set abducted Isis as well as Horus' body. The
Evil One soon left our country, his vengeance complete and
his true trials just beginning. I believe he sought to find out
Horus' secret. my secret. Sahura's secret. through Isis and
through Horus' remains. He must have been afraid of Horus"
‘eventual retum, or perhaps he saw the magic as a means 10
spread his evil and power beyond death itself. Eventually,
is must have succeeded in passing the secret of her magic
‘on, though the next of our kind to receive the spell lived a
thousand years later.

As for myself, lived out my yearsinrelative peace, for Set
never knew the magic performed on me, and saw me as
nothing but the lowliest pawn in the game, fit only to be
ignored. died again and began the real cycle of rebirth that
has seen me through the history of this ancient land. I have
tncverlefther boundaries, but then I've never needed to leave
to find happiness.

"Do you know any of the ritual which gave you eternal
life? You're the only one know who has witnessed it and not
just received it at death?"

"No, Edward. I do not remember it. ' don't think I would
like that power. I'mno magician, except for one charm which
T have used to keep my household satisfied through the
year

"What is that? 1 asked,

He smiled cheerfully and held up the mummified remains
‘of something Set had left on Mestha's property ages ago.

The Eternal War

‘The information below is given to provide the Storyteller
with a frame of reference for creating stories about Mum-
‘mies. The information is known in bits and pieces by differ-
‘cat Mummies, all of whom have stightly different versions
and biases about the events and the people involved,

The history of Mummies picks up where Mestha's tale
leaves off. Some of this information, filled with inaccuracies,
isknown tothe Camaritla— see The Players Guide andalso
‘The Hunters Hunted. Note that few Vampires of the
Camarilla know of the existence of Mummies.

The Remaining History of Set and
Horus

Mestha's story ends when Sct slew Osiris. After this
fraricide, Set returned to is throne, but gave it up shortly
thereafter. preferring true behind puppets and pawns. As

Chapter Four

Egypt became stronger and its population grew, more and
‘more Kindred came tothe area, until by 3000 B.C. Set knew
his days as strongman were numbered,

Sets influence over Egyptian politics quickly drew to a
‘end upon the return of Horus to the living. Directly after his
‘urder of Osiris, Set had reimprisoned Isis atthe palace in the
city that would one day be Alexandria. Set tried all means at
his disposal to understand the necromancy which Isis and
‘Anubis had worked on Horus' body, but was unsuccessful
‘Continually harried by Horus' Ka, Set finally freed Isis and
with her, the body of Horus.

Upon ber release, Isis gathered a cult of magicians to her,
snd taught them her magic —especiall the Spellf Life. She
wanted someone to know the magic in case Horus did not
awaken before she died, and there were complications w
his reaurection. Isis herself passed away, oot wanting the
curse of immortality for herself

Horus resurrected himself hundreds of years later, when
‘he could no longer stand for Set's manipulation of Egyptian
nobility. When Horus awoke, he regathered and strength
‘ened the Cult of Isis. Horus and the wizards then began a
‘systematic destruction of Set's progeny and severed Set's
‘magical domination of the Egyptian nobility. Many of the


Millennia passed during which Honus and Sct continued
their power struggle over Egypt, their mutual hatred growing
all the while. During this struggle, Horus quickly realized
thatthe Cult of Isis, comprised of mortal wizards, could not
endure as could Set's immortal progeny. s0 Horus instructed
the Cult to revive the Spel of Life and create more immortals
‘with the ritual. The Cult accepted the mission and sought out
«few select men and women of Egypt who could be eternal
champicas of truth. They found Egyptians of distinction
from all stations of life and bequeathed upon them the Spell
of Life as they died.

‘This practice went well for several generations, until
Horus began his next death cycle. Seizing the opportunity,
Set, the master of corruption, began to manipulate the Cult of
{sis in extremely discreet ways. The end result was thatthe
cult began to select its champions more by personal. political
or theological preferences than strictly by the quality of the
individual. Daring this era, many were selected who were
something less than noble of heart and some were chosen
completely at random.

‘When Horus retumed to life, he reaffirmed discipline in
the Cult, showing them the devious ways which Set had
‘begun to tar them from their path. The resulting discipline
‘within the cult made ther future selection process incredible
‘gid, tosuchan extreme that only a single manor woman was
selected each century.

Horus and Set's battle for Egypt ended around 950 B.C.,
‘when Honus, allied with foreigners from the west, drove Sct

‘out of Egypt, killing all of the Corrupter's progeny. For the
second time in his life, Set was banished into the deserts.

But an Antediluvian is a difficult force to contain. In his
‘banishment, Set perfected his own occult and Vampiric
disciplines. He created a new family of progeny, and bound
‘them into an organization of strict hierarchy. The real Fol-
lowers of Set were created,

Sometime near the tun ofthe ages, while Horus was dead,
‘Set and his Followers had enough of the Cult of Isis and the
‘expanding roster of immortals which the cult had created. Set
and his Followers took the wizards by force. slaughtering all
«except one man who they deceived intorevealing the Spell of
Life — or 40 Set believed.

Anxious to finally use the necromancy he had been denied
{for 4,000 years, Set selected some of his mortal followers to
test the Spell of Life, What actually transpired was a woeful
perversion ofthe ritual, partially de to errors put in by the
short-lived Cult of Isis magician and partially due to Set's
corruption of the magic in his desire to bind the immortals
created by the spell,

‘The five men and two women who were subjected to the
ritual became Bane Mummies. Seeing the magnificently
depraved beings be hid created, Set named them after the
traditional manifestations of Apophis, the Egyptian devil
serpent,

‘The knowledge of the tue Spell of Life is kinrwn only by
Horus, and Set is the sole keeper of his own twisted form of
the ritual,

‘When Horus resurrected in A.D. 132, be left Egypt and
‘made the Alps his stronghold. Set in tum, disappeared from
the world in 33 B.C, Horus and Set till battle one another. but
itis no longer over control of Egypt — they have moved on
{to more important struggles. They battle on all the stages of
the Jyhad, Set directing his Followers from hibemation, and
Horus using the aid of powerful spirits and the forty-three
Mummies created by the Spell of Life to oppose Set's
‘purposes in both the physical and the spirit world.

Children of Osiris

Only one of Osiris' progeny survived the final conflic
with Set and his followers on Mestha's farm. Unknown tothe
Followers of Set, a Vampire named Khetamon escaped the
‘destruction experienced by his master andsiblings. Khetamon
was a philoanpher and magician in the eur of Orin who
was made a Kindred by his pharaoh, Instead of reveling in his
new-found power, Khetamon was wise enough to see the
depravity of the soul that waited at the end of his new
immortal existence. Determined not to begin the spiritual
metamorphosis into a darker being, Khetamoa began to
Philosophize as to the nature of his new existence and how to
‘eatb the desires which would be his destruction.

Set imerrupted tis pursuit when be wok comrot of the
land of Egypt. killing or scattering the progeny of Osiris,
Khetamon fled into the Upper Nie until he was called back
bby Anubis to Mestha's farm. There he lent his own magical
abilities tosis, and helped cast the Rebint ritual upon Osiris.
Khetamon was left for dead after being struck down in the
ensuing battle. Set's followers left the crippled progeny of
Osiris where they lay, knowing the sun would destroy thei
remains, However, while his brothers bummed 10 ash asthe sun
rose, Khetamon was able to remain awake due tohis grasp on
‘Humanity and drag himself deep into the shelter of Mestha's
bam, where be was able to drink a goat's blood to regain
‘enough strength to burrow into the earth.

Khetamon knew Set's minions would destroy him on
sight, s0 he fled Africa, not stopping until he reached India
‘There he continued his spiritual pursuits to rise above his
‘Vampiric state, He vowed never to beget more of his kind —
never to spread his disease to others. Slowly be began to
gather Vampires who were themselves wastrels, and founded
the Children of Osiris.

‘Once Khetamon was confident that his growing Sect was
following the correct path, be isolated himself from them to
‘expand upon the Disciplines necessary to sustain his purity of
spirit as he grew older. These in turn he handed down tothe
‘Children, and they became the Discipline of Bardo,

‘When Khetamon returned from isolation to teach Bardo,
he also saw the growing power of the Followers of Set inthe
‘world. He realized the self-lmposed isolation which he and

oF World of Darkness: Mummy


his Sect enjoyed was an exercise in selfishness. There were
‘mortals and immortals who were suffering from the corup-
tion of Set. Khetamon called upon the Children of Osiris to
clandestinely begin their assault on the Followers of Set. and
all other Varnpires who actively embraced the Beast within

‘Currently, Khetamon is in torpor, presumable searching
for even higher Disciplines of Bardo which will grant an end,
to Vampirie existence. His personal history, asa progeny of
Oriris, has become muddled in the teachings of the Sect
Many Chiltren of Osiris now believe that Khetamon is Osiris
‘and that he will soon return to resurrect them from their
undead state back to a mortal existe.

On Storytelling

‘This chapter consists of the details which tie Mummies
into Storytelling Chronicle. The material is a potpourri of
topics including theme. storytelling techniques, sample char-
ecters and a few Story outlines,

Theme

Notevery story has a theme. Sometimes, a light fantasy is
1 wonderfully pleasant escape. Some roleplaying sessions
will undoubtedly be escapist, because roleplaying isa great
‘mental departure into the fantastic:

However, if we really want to experience a story at an
‘emotional level, then it's got to have a theme. The purpose of
the Storytelling games is to help create and tell stories with
theme. If we enjoy the hobby of roleplaying and spend time
‘with it, let's not settle for simple escapism. Instead, we can
vicariously experience the emotions that tell ws about our-
selves. Not all education is facts and formulas — there's an
‘education ahout heing human heings a right-beained leam-
ing that comes from reading literature, experiencing drama
and even storytelling

Every story will have a different theme, but here are some
of the themes which work well with Mummy characters and
the stories about them.

1. Loss. The eyele of birth and death constantly removes
‘Mummies from the people and things they have grown 10
love. For example, one Mummy who was developed in the
playtest Chronicle, » man named Khallaf, eloped with a
‘desert Faerie princess during his second life. Now, when he
lives, he is consumed with love for her and she for him, but
ber father rages atthe sight of him and has killed Khallaf on.
several occasions. Every time he dies, he loses touch with his
Faerie lover until he is reborn again. His eycle of birth and
death is also a cycle of love and loss

2. Meaning of Life. A Mummy character's chosen Nature
‘sof vital importance to theme, Mummies have lived millen-
‘ia. and have witnessed the rise and fall of civilizations. They
hhave <cen millions fade from human memory while a dozen
make it into the pages of history. Inevitably, Mummies have

Chapter Four

‘a deep crisis conceming the meaning behind their existence
and the existence of human life. To a large degree, their
Nature determines how they choose to carry on their immo
tal lives. Some helieve fife has no meaning, 20 they enjoy
‘every temporal pleasure tothe fullest, becoming hedonistic.
‘Others who find no meaning toi all become deeply cynical,
‘even to the point of manic-depression. A few become afraid
to face what they believe to be the truth — that there is no
‘meaning —so they hide from it by creating legacies of fame
‘Others rise above these and try to bring purpose to ther lives
‘through learning, or charity and compassion.

3. Revenge. Everyone thinks about getting back at some-
‘one, or even at society in general, forthe tragedies of life.
‘Anger is casier than grief, 30 it soothes the sorrow if we can
place blanne on someone for life's misfortunes.

‘Mummies act on a supernatural stage with Vampires, the
‘Garou, Faeries and the like. Their immortal lives are occa
sionally marked by severe tragedy brought on by another
immortal oran entre society. They devote themselves toage
Jong pursuits of exacting vengeance on the enemy.

‘A good variation to the theme of vengeance is the charac
{er who falsely sets the blame for tragedy on another, perhaps
to hide from herself that her loss is her own fault. Only whee
she accomplishes ber vengeance does she realize the hollow
‘ruth shie has pursued.


44. Megalomania. Ancient Egypt was a land surrounded by
natural barners of water, desert and mountains. In predynastic
Egypt, few had any idea there were other lands or other
kingdoms with their own kings. For the common person,
Egypt was the entire world and the pharaoh its divine,
peerless ruler. The few pharaohs who were made Mummies
were the supreme beings of their age. Losing this prestige and
power does not come easily for some. Even after 4,000 years,
some would jump a the chance to reclaim it, Masquerade oF
0.

Storytelling Techniques

‘The Vampire and Werewolf rules describe several ad-
vanced storytelling techniques. Many ofthese techniques fit
‘especially well into Mummy stories. In particular, the tech-
fiques of flashback and parallel stores are extraocdinarily
effective. Begin a session by roleplaying events from 1,000
years ago. The players have little or no idea why the ancient
‘events are relevant to the main story. which picks up in
moder times. Slowly, as the suspense builds, the players
realize that not only were their characters part of the ancient
‘events, forgotten duc to rebirth amnesia, but the ancient
{events ae directly related tothe story of revenge or discovery
taking place in their era.

‘Other techniques particularly relevant to ancient Egyp-
tians is that of dream sequences and the use of dreams to
foreshadow events. The Egyptians were true believers in the
Power of dreams and vision prophecy. No sorceress in her

fight mind would ignore her dreams. Of course, the players
‘may not realize they are entering the tragic events they have
foreseen in their dreams until they are right in the middle of
the event

—
The World of the Mummies

In most Vampire supplements, the history of Clans,
Eiders and the Jyhad is cryptic at bes. This is done mainly to
reflect the fact that Vampire Neonates are really inthe dark

‘when it comes to their truc history and the power plays going
‘on round them. While most Vampires know litle about their

‘origins and their powerful Eiders, Mummies know, rela-
tively, quite a lot.
eee aur teeeneeeed

Bane Mummies

‘There are seven Bane Mummies: Tutu the Doubly Evil
‘One, Hembemti the Roarer, Amam the Devourer, Qetu the
Evil Doer, Hau-hra of the Backward Face, Saatet-ta, Dark-
‘ener of the Earth, and Kharebutu the Fourfold Fiend. Qetu
and Sastet ta are women the rest are men.

All Banes are cursed by the perverted ritual of etemal
‘damnation and eterna life cast upon them by Set himself.

Except for a few important differences, Banes are similar to
any other Mummy character. When they die, the Ba of Bane

‘Mummies do not roam the spirit world. Instead, they are
immediately sucked into the spirit world of Apophis — into
Hell. There they must stay until they are released by the spirit
tobe rebom.

‘As a result of the unspeakable tortures and insanities
which they have suffered during their many deaths and
imprisonments in Apophis, all Bane Mummies are them-
selves insane, with no remaining conception of compassion
‘or humanity, Banes have Social Attribute ratings of zero,

During their living moments, the Banes carry out the
unspeakable deeds which Apophis and his demons have
‘commanded them to perform. The Banes also receive in-
struction from Set and his Followers, though this often
involves pacts between Set and Apophis. Set is loath to make
more Banes, sceing them as difficult pawns to control, and
‘more under the contro! of Apophis than himself

‘Banes make an excellent enemy to Mummies and Lupines
alike, since they serve Set as well as one of the guises ofthe
Great Wyrm. Also, their perversities and involvement as
‘Ser's pawns in the Jyhad will naturally pit them against
‘Vampires. The individual Banes vary in abilities and level of
ower. Some are violently, psychotically insane, while oth-
rs appear more devious and rational at a surface level.

All ofthe Bane Mummies have grossly distorted physical
bodies. For example, Hau-hra of the Backward Face does
indeed have his face on the back of his head, but his elbows
and knees are double jointed, allowing 180 degrees of motion
0 that he may move forward or back, no matter how you
define the two directions.

Amam the Devourer

‘Amam's given name is thought to be lost in antiquity,
though Set occasionally threatens the Banes with knowledge
of their tree names. He was a mortal priest who served the
Followers of Set, enjoying the life of wealth and power he
‘built through blackmail, aided by the Followers. His mortal
days ended, and his ctemal nightmare began, when Set
selected him tobe one of sevento receive the horrible miracle
which created the Banes.

‘Upon his rebirth, Set named him Anam the Devourer, a
‘most ap ile. Amam's body is that ofa powerfully muscular
man, except for his jaws His jawhone and teeth are mal-
{formed and preposterously massive. In adition to its aboor-
‘mal size, his jawbone also detaches and extends like a snakes,
so that Amam can swallow things his own size (the process
takes shout an hour for something so large tobe digested) In
‘combat, Amam's bite has difficulty 5, and does Strength +3
‘Damage. To swallow an opponent, Amam must first grapple
her until she is immobilized, and then bite her every turn.

‘Ammam's missions for Set and Apophis are assassinations
(ohten there's no body found when the Devourer is done) and
recovery of lost or desired goods, Amam has remarkably
acute senses, especially smell. His weakness is his other
‘meomnal faculties. He is casily tricked and often forgets the

66 World of Darkness: Mummy


goals of his mission, so Set usually directs his Followers to
accompany and direct Amam on his missions — they aim
‘him and then unleash him to let Amam do the dirty work

Nature: Conformist

Occupation: Priest
Physical: Strength 5 (6)*, Dexterity 3, Stamina S
Social: Appearance 0, Charisma 0, Character 0

Mental: Perception 4 (6)
at 0

Jertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 2,
an 4

Skills: Acrobatics 2, Climbing 3, Hunting 2, Melee 2,
Orienteering 3, Stealth 2, Survival 3, Tracking

Intelligence 1. Wits 3

ea Knowledge (many) 3, Investigation 2
chemy 3, Hekaw 3

Background: Allies 2, Status 2, Supernatural 4

Ka:3

Ba:3

Sekem: 42

Chapter Four

* Amam is frequently under the influence of Alchemy
‘which increases his Attributes

——<$<__
Masquerade

When all Mummies, except the Bunes, first died, Horus
Visited their Baand informed them of their immortal state. He
also exacted a promise from each to hide their immortal
power from mortals, lest they go mad for the power them.
selves. To date, Mummies have been discreet enough in their
tmagics and their comings and goings to m.
Masquerade, They

behold,

‘The Bane Mummies are another

tain their own

It know Horus' wruth is awesome to

ter entirely. They are

directedby Apophis notto grossly display their twisted forms
OF their powers, lest mortals wise up to the demonic evil
around them and actually organize t0 fight it. Set, ax wel
instructs them to remain hidden. However, occasionally they
are let out on too long of a leash on the!

fevil,and
nting of
them, or newspaper writers find themselves rationalizin
bizarre so their editors don't call them nuts


<<<

Characters

Amen Khal

Bom and bred into the soldicry of ancent Egypt, Amen
hal served under Ramses the Great asthe pharaohs off

Jn the campaigns against Asia. Amen Khal's ent
devoted tothe methods of warfare, and it remains hi
hobby. He has served practically every nation and fought in
‘most great historical battles, as well as some that were never
recorded. He often lends his military genius to the underdog
of any conthet,

justice

u much forthe challenge as for any sense of

He has proved tobe one of Horus' most trusted supporters
Intimes when direct action is required, Horus goes to Amen
KKhal to organize the necesiaty raid or axsaxsination.

‘Amen Khal isa shor, stout man with light-brown skin. He
wears his gray-black hair at whatever length fits the climate
He dresses and talks like a soldier, conducts himself like a
eneral and walks like a warrior. He is a fierce leader and.
brilliant tactician. The Followers of Set despise him, but they
tend to let hirm be.

‘Amen i fascinated and appalled by the unprecedented
pace of change in the methods of warfare since the dawning
Of the technological era. He fought in both World Wars, and
‘mourns the fost days of honorable fighting and closer quar
ters. He fought closely with the Afghani against the Soviet
invasion and saw how devastating the technological edge is
tn warfare

Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Director
Birthyear: 1273 B.C.

Apparent Age: 38

Occupation: Warrior

Physical: Strength $, Dexterity 4
Social: Appearance 2, Chatistna 4, Manipalation 2
‘Mental: Perception 4, Wits 3, fntelligence 3

Vitwes: Conscience 2, Courge 5, Seif Cont 3, Honor 3,
Love 1, Truth 4

Talents Alerinc: 3, Athletics 2, Brawling 5, Diplomacy 2.
Dodge 4, Inaction 2, Leadership 4

Skills: Animal Training 2, Archery 4, Anillery 4, Bost
Handling 2, Camouflage 3, Carousing 1, Climbing 2, Fas
Draw 3. Firearms 4, Heavy Weapons 4, Hunting 2, Martial
Arts Weapons 4, Melee 5, Stalth 2, Survival 4, Throwing 2

Knowledges: Astrology 2, History 2, Heraldry 1, Lin
Buistics 4, Meteorology 2

Magic Skills: Amulets 2, Necromancy 1

Background: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Influence 3, Resources 2,
Status 2, Supematural 1

ina 6

World of Darkness: Mummy


Ka:7
Ba: 5
Sekem: 27

Willpower: 8

Hetephras

Wife of Pharaoh Snefru and mother to Pharaoh Khufu,
Hetephras was a powerful women of politics in ancient
Egypt. Through many political twists she was able to contact
the Cult of Isis and was made an immortal while Horus slept.
However, she now regrets that decision, at least subcon-
sciously

Her life in the courts of Egypt was filled with temporal

pleasures. and now. as an immortal, she vainly searches for
‘new forms of gratificationto continually excite her otherwise
empty life. She is very knowledgeable ofthe spirit world, and
ccan be a great help — if there's something exciting init for
her

Hetephras is an exceedingly beautiful woman, as befits the
‘wife of a pharaoh. She is short by modem standards, lithe of
body, and has dusky skin, She frames her large, dark eyes
with eapertly applied conmetics, and wears her hac free ori
Jong braids soaked in fragrant oil.

‘Nature: Bon Vivant

Demeanor: Gallant

Chapter Four

Birthyear: circa 2620 B.C.
Apparent Age: 34
‘Occupation: Queen
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

‘Soctal: Appearance 4, Charisma 3, Manipulation 4
Mental: Perception 2, Wits 3, Intelligence 4

Virtues: Conscience 2, Courage 2, Love 3, Honor2, Self-
Control 1, Truth 2

‘Talents: Diplomacy 3, Empathy 2, Seduction 4, Trick 2

Skills: Carousing 4, Dancing 3, Btiquette 2, Music 2
‘Skiing 2, Style 4

Knowledges: Anthropology 2, Architecture 2, Astrology |
Linguistics 3, Occult 2, Spirit Love 4

Magic Skills: Alchemy 4, Figurines 1, Hekaw 1, Necro-
mancy 1

Background: Allies 2, Fame 3, Influence 2, Resources 4
Stanue 1

Kad

Ba: 3
Sekhem: 48
Willpower: 5

Horus, the Avenger

‘The history of Horus has already been discussed, but his
‘current condition and activities deserve some mention. For
the past several centuries. Horus has made the Alps of
Switzerland his home. With the aid of spirits there, he is able
to monitor and secure his domain from astral or physical
innruders. He does not permit any Vampires into his chosen
area of the Alps and even kicks them out of Switzerland
‘whenever be can, though be avoids the Cainites of Geneva
and Zurich, Horus till carries adeep-seated contempt forthe
Kindred since the days of Osiris and Set. He views almost all

Kindred as expendable, and he views Set as an archenemy
most foul

For the past millennium, Horus has been actively engaged
{in organizing Mummies and his other allies to thwart the
efforts of Set and his followers. However, the private war
between Set and Horus has far more vital implications than
Just their personal vendettas. Its in reality one battle in the
war of the Jyhad.

Horus always appears well dressed in golden finery. He
Wears a jeweled patch over his missing eye and carries
several amulets and figurines of varied powers. He stall for
an ancient man, standing nearly six feet, and ts incredibly
proportioned due to hit natural physique and his magic.

Inany group, Horus will automatically assume command
‘and control those around him. He can be overbearing, but has
the power and wiscdom to be in command of almost anyone
He is undoubvedly the most powerful Mummy in existence,

o


snd 00 of the mont instrumental players in the had. The
main difference between Horus and the peers of his power
levels that Horus til quite human in many ways. He is
personable and somewhat informal m conversation, quick 40
anger and posteses a very moral spark of character and

Apparent Age: 21
Occupation: Magician, Son of Pharaoh, God
Physical: Strength 8, Dexterity 8, Stamina 8
Social: Appearance 7, Charisma 7, Manipulation 8
Mental: Perception 8, Wits 7, Intelligence 8

‘Virtues: Conscience 5, Courage 5, Self-Control 5, Love
Honor $, Truth 3

Magic Skills: Alchemy S, Amulets 5, Celestial 5, Figus
rine« S, Hekau S, Necromancy 6 (Spell of Life is Level 6

Necromancy)
Background: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Fame 5, Influence 5,
Resources 5, Retainers 3, Status 5, Supematural S

Ka: 10
Ba: Varies
‘Sekhem: 99
‘Willpower: 10

Sahura

Sahu was born toa family ofartisansalready much in favor
‘with the pharaoh Snefru. Sabw received an extensive educa-
tion asa young man and became a scribe, firs in the court of
Snefru and then in the count of the pharaoh's son, Khufu
Sahu became famous for his depictions of the Egyptian sun
‘g0d, Ra, and the priests of the sun god honored Sabu with the
tile added to his name, making it Sabura,

‘Sahura was gaining some reputation as a man of good
‘craftsmanship and solid character when he was struck with a
fatal disease just days after receiving an honorable commis
sion to work on the Great Pyramid. He died shortly thereafter,
but not before he was visited by the Cult of Isis

Shura has spent most of his immortal life as a student of
ifferent cultures and different eras. He is an honest and
serene man of considerable leaming and wisdom.

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Conformist

Birthyear: circa 2610 B.C.

‘Apparent Age: 32

Occupation: Scribe
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

‘Social: Appearance 2, Charisma 3, Manipulation 2

Mental: Perception 3, Wits 3, Intelligence 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Courage 2, Self-Control 3, Love
3, Truth 4, Honor 4

‘Talents: Artistic Expression 4, Empathy 2, Poetic Expres-
ion 2, Writing 4

Skills: Debate 2, Fist Aid 3, Herbalism 1, Meditation 3,
Pottery 2, Research 4, Speed Reading 3

Knowledges: Amhropology 2, Archacology 3, Architec-
ture 2, Astronomy 3, Cryptography 2, Faerie Lore 2, Her-
aldry 3, History 5, Kindred Lore 2. Law 2, Linguistics 5,
Literature 3, Politics 3, Theology 2

Magic Skills: Alchemy 1, Amulets 2, Celestial 1, Figu-
tines 3, Necromaney 1

Background: Contacts 2, Resources 4, Status 2, Super-
satueal 2
Ka:6
Ba: 2
Sekhemn: 36
Willpower:

Story Seeds

Ifthe Storyteller allows players to select different kinds of
‘characters, she may be faced withthe seemingly difficult task
of having to consistently integrate Mummies and Vampires
‘or Mummies and Werewolves into the Chronicle. Develop-
ing stories of interest to both character types may seem
awkward at first, but the character types actually have many
similar interests at heart. For example, all character types are
involved in the machinations ofthe Syhad, and all three types
will generally oppose the Followers of Set.

‘After a few storylines which mutually interest the charac-
ter types. the characters will begin to form their own boods
‘which tend to carry them through further stories. Common
«enemies or the trading of favors with one another strengthen
the character relationships enough that the Chronicle should
‘un smoothly.

‘To help give the Storyteller a mental jump start on Story
plotlines involving Mummies, a feature Story is provided in
the following chapter, Also, the following Story sketches are
provided. These ideas may only be asubplotin the Chronicle,
(or might serve as an outline fora plotline involving several
stories.

1, Amen Khal (see Characters, above) requests the aid of
the Mummy character(s). He has been asked by Horus to
investigate Sette activity in a city near the Mummy charac-
{ers (pettiaps the resident city of any Vampire characters).

70 World of Darkness: Mummy


‘A number of Setites have recently come tothe city with an
interest in creating Bane Mummies as their servants. Pos-
sessing only fragmentary knowledge of the ritual Set used
those many centuries ago, they have begun their own experi-
‘ments, bu find they need Kindred blood to continue. Rather
than risk their own vite or create Neonate Setites for the sole
Purpose of research, they have taken to kidnapping.

‘This Story should require a great deal of cooperation
between the Mummies and Vampires, with the Mummies
probably having 1 rescue the Vampire characters from the
Setites' grasp. It should also make all the characters undying
enemies of the Followers of Set.

2. An aging genealogist has serendipitously put clues
(handwriting, portraits, birth certificates, name references,
fables) together and discovered the character's immortality.
‘The gencalogint dicaiens to reveal the character te the world
‘unless he grants the old man immortality. The genealogist is
sure to have laid clues in various safety deposit boxes to be
‘opened if he "accidentally" dies, 10 prevent the character
from heartessly offing him. The character will have to be
devious. The old genealogist might be convinced that the
‘character cannot grant others the immortality which he
‘enjoys. and be further placated with stories of ancient history.
Perhaps the characicr could even cure the ailing genealogist
and atleast extend the man's life.

3. The Mummy characteris visited by the Ba of a dead
peer. The character's friend has had her tomb robbed and her
body despoiled. The dead Mummy asks the character 10
retrieve the body from whatever irreverent disposal the tom
robber made of it. Additionally, the character will have to
hunt down the amulets and potions taken from the Mummy's
tomb. Some ofthese items might have already gone to private
collectors who don't appreciate the owners coming to re-
lai them,

4A character dreams of a human-headed hawk (tradi-
tional symbol of a Ba or a messenger) flying to the character
Emotions of fear and urgency accompany the dream, The
hawk is plucked from flight and swallowed in the large maw
of demon before reaching the character.

After a few nights of the same dream, a duffel bag is
elivered 0 the character's residence. The bag was mis-
placed during an airline light, and the airline is now deliver-
ing it to the address marked on the luggage tags — the
‘character's address. The name on the bag i that of an Arabic
‘woman and one of the last names used by the character in a
former life. Along with a women's robes and sandals, the bag
‘Cotas scroll said to mark the location where the ruine of
the Library of Alexandria can be found, and also a heart
‘wrapped in black cloth, pickled in ajar

‘The character's granddaughter or peshaps great-grand:
daughter hax spent her life exploring the character's exit-
‘ence and has discovered the character's identity and where-
abouts, Her investigations embroiled her in the affairs ofthe
Setites, who tried 10 seduce her into their fold, but she fled
from them, taking one of their hearts (see The Players

‘Glde), She never made itv the character and was abbacted
and killed by Amam the Devourer, along with mortal min-
tons ofthe Setites. Her luggage, however, was misplaced by
the airline and is only now arriving tothe character,

‘Amam will not rest unit he has recovered the hear ans the
scroll. The scroll may prove to be genuine or not.

5. A good Story for Vampires and Mummies is tracking
{down someone (mortal, Kindred or Mummy) who has been
‘branded with the Mark of Damnation (Level Ten Serpentis).
‘Tremere Elders want the unfortunate brought to them to.cure
hhim, What does the branded one know, or what did be
discover that made Set curse him? Why do the Tremere
Elders want to help him — is it out of the sheer goodness of
‘their hearts? (Not

Glossary of Names

‘The following list of names is taken directly from the
indexes of the books referenced in the bibliography. The
‘names inctude objects, people, gout, and places. The list is
intended to provide the flavor of Egyptian names, so you can
‘create your own.

Abydos

Achoris

Ahmosis

Akhenaton

Amara

‘Amenemhat

Amenhetep

Cambysess

Chapter Four 7



Bibliography

‘The emphasis ofthis supplement isto bring Mummies into
the modem world, cor world. They have lived theoughout
history, and most of them have not clung doggedly to the
culture of ancient Egypt as Mestha has. Yet, in small ways,
they retain idiosyncrasies and habits of thought and behavior
that ar throwbacks to ancient Egypt. So, since it is beyond
the scope of this supplement to brief the Storyteller on the
customs of ancient Egypt, let me encourage you to pick up
‘20e oF two books on the subject and skim them for insight.
‘Your storytelling will certainly profit from the infusion of
‘ich detail, and the bargain is you learn alot in the process. I
sure have writing this book.

‘The following sources have been most beneficial to me:

Budge, E.A. Wallis, Egyptian Magic, 1901 original, 1971
by Dover Publications. Excellent source of anecdotes and
Egyptian tales of magic ute.

Bdge, B.A. Wallis, The Book ofthe Dead, 1899 origmal,
1989 by Arkana. Superb resource for » Mummy player.
Contains complete litanies which can be acted out as spell
incantations by the player.

Fakhry, Ahmed, The Pyramids, copyright 1961, pub-
lished by University of Chicago Press. A storehouse of facts
and diagrams on the architecture of ancient Egypt. A bit
scholarly in style, but still good reading.

Macauly, David, Pyramid, 1975 copyright, published by
Houghton Mifflin Company of Boston. Illustrated story book
showing step-by-step construction of a pyramid.

‘White, JE. Manchip, Ancient Egypt — tts Culture and
History, copyright 1970, Dover Publications of New York.
‘This isa well-written resource of culture and history. I's one
Of the most entertainingly written history books that I've
ome across,

‘Also, let me sip in a quick reference here toa very good
‘roleplaying publication put out by another gaming company,

Wajentug. Earl, Myehic Egype, copyright 1990 by Inca
‘Crown Enterprises (LC.E.). Tis is good source of informa-
tion on ancient Egypt that is already assembled and summa-
rized in a roleplaying format. You could easily pull informa-

tion out ft to man parallel storyline in ancient Egypt for an
adventure oF two.



Chapter Live:

Nels Dighway

Going down
By that time

‘My friends are gonna be there too
I'mon the highway to hell

— ACIDC, Highway to Hell

Storyteller's Synopsis

This Story is designed to introduce players to running
‘Mummy characters. tis assumed all of the characters will be
Mummies, although other types could be worked in by the
Storyteller. Hell's Highway also helps the players explore
some oftheir newly created characters" past Hives and expe-
riences through a flashback.

‘The story begins with the assumption thatthe characters,
all being Mummies, know each other and are reasonably
00d friends, or at leat find one another interesting enough
to visit once a century. Throughout history, the characters
have habitually gathered together with their mutual friend
Khonsera (a fellow Mummy and a character played by the
Storyteller) approximately every 100 years. Together with
Khonseru, the characters all have a rousing good time,
partying and finding something dangerous in which to em-
broil themscives.

‘The 1990s prove to be no exception, with the characters
already gathering inthe United States, where Khonseru has
‘promised to take them all on a road trip, guaranteeing them
abel ofa good time. The characters meet. and while cruising
down the freeway toward their unknown destination, begin
talking about old times. At these points in the story, the
Storyteller will break from the present o flash back to one of
the characters' earlier get-togethers centuries before Once

Chapter Five

the historical party scene has been played out, the Storyteller
‘can return the Story to the present and the road. Afier a few
such flashbacks, uring which the players get to develop their
‘characters' history, the road tip ends. The characters ext off
of the freeway in a spiritual journey toward Hell, for another
"fun" romp with Khonseru,

Khonseru as discovered a breach in Gaia, the Earth
Mother. which a demon is tying to exploit and turn into a
{gateway connected tohis home spirit world — Hell. Khonseru
hhas accepted the job of closing down the construction of the
gateway and has brought the characters along to help (what
are friend foe?)

Every Storyteller has their own style, 80 while no one can
dictate how to run the gaming group, setting a certain mood
during the Story can make it even more interesting. The old
Twilight Zone shows, which ofea yor their eerie feel from
taking mundane people in normal settings and interjecting
someane who also appeared normal but was actually an alien,
angel or other supernatural being, are examples of ane way
tw handle the mood.

‘This story has a similar fel i that it will contain a lot of
‘normal events and normal people, but it also contains the
‘characters, supernatural forces pretending to be normal. The
‘Story begins with purely mundane events and builds toward

‘climax by iterjecting more and more supernatural happeo-
‘ings, until the bizare climax — the trip onto hell's highway,

7s


Khonseru (Bacchus the Beggar)

Khonseru was bom in ancient Thebes and abandoned to
the streets by his mother. As a habe, Khoneens was eared for
bby akind, but old and senile, lady he scarcely remembers. She
died when Khonseru was five, leaving him to fend forhimself
as a beggar and thief in the city of Thebes. He fared remark
ably well. developing a vast repertoure of ead stories, money
scams and pick pocketing techniques.

That the likes of Khonseru ever received the Ritual of Life
‘must have been a point of pride with Set, showing how deeply
hie had corrupted the Cult of Isis and their selection criveria,
‘but the cult had the last laugh, because Khonseru has proved.
himself to be a bizarre but honorable immortal jester. Not
‘only has he been a willing pawn in Horus" plans against the
Setites, but he has also taken the initiative un several occa-
sions to befuddle the Setites or render some service to the
spe

Khonseru/Bacchus is 1.7m (5°6") tall and has a beefy
frame. His skin slightly colored for an Egyptian, but his hair
and eyes are dark black and brown, He always dresses
‘comfortably in cheap and well-worn clothes. In the States, he
prefers faded denim jeans, a black leather jacket covering &
‘shir, dark shades and a neck bandanna

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Jester

Dirthyear: 1191 B.C

Occupation: Beggar

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity , Stumina 3

Soctal: Appearance 2, Charisma 4, Manipelatio 4

Mental: Perception 3, Wits 4, Intelligence 3

Virtwes: Conscience 2, Courage 4, Self-Control 2, Love
2, Honor 3. Truth 3

Talents: Acting 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Scrounging 5,
Suretwise 3, Trick 3

Skills: Bribery 2, Carousing 4, Disguise 2, Drive 3, Fast-
Talk 3, Gambling 1, Lockpicking 2, Pckpocket 4 Stealth 2

Knowledges: Astronomy 1, Occult 1, Spirit Lore 3

Magic Skil: Amulets 2, Celestial 1, Necromancy 1

Background: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Fame 2, Status 3,
Supematural 3 Ka: 6

Ba: 8

Sekhem: 16

Willpower:

Roleplaying Hints: Playing Bacchus, s you prefer to be
called, is the Key to setting the pace of the story. As long as
things ae moving along and everyone's having a good time,
you'll be prety quiet, but as soon as conversation lulls, you
do or say something incredibly offbeat and crazy. Ask
nonsense questions (Why'sadime smaller than a pens fits
‘worth more7), iterrupt someone with a primal scream or
direct incredibly personal questions to one of the characters

You have a tendency tole about unimportant details for
absolutely no reason: if there's a reasoa to ie then be honest
‘You still have a habit of asking for things like money or other
kinds of help. You lead into your begging by asking a lot of
questions which evoke "yes" responses before popping the
real plea for small change.

Despite all these idiosyncrasies, you are very sane and
very crafty. Once in a while you will sheepishly grin after
performing some lunacy, showing that you knew what you
‘were doing all along, You can be seciows, courageous and

honest when the situation demands it, but do enjoy breaking
stressful situations by acting the jester.

Scene One: Arrival

Bacchus wil contact all of the characters and ask them to
‘meet at Sun Valley Inn, a cheap motel just off of Interstate
‘400on the western side of Albuquerque, New Mexico. Bacchus
‘won't reveal much about his plans, except to say that he's got.
this century's festivities all planned and that they'll be taking.
abit of a road trip.

‘The Sun Valley Innis a seedy dive where the management
doesn't LD. young couples and never calls the police. In the
summer, the temperature is 100 plus degrees during the day

76 World of Darkness: Mummy


and every cubicle has a window-moumed air conditioner
laboring to keep the diny litle rooms cool. Bacchus has
already reserved, but not paid for, Room Six.

Bacchus will arrive a little after 7 p.m., more or less on
schedule. He drives a Ford Thunderbird with a modified
‘engine that idles like echoing thunder. The body ofthe T-Bird
{is painted dul black-gray and all of the windows ae tinted,
bbut not quite opaque. Bacchus is decked out in denim and
leather and puffs a cigarette with carcinogenic pleasure.

Ifthe characters don't come outside at the sound of the
‘engine, he'll blast the horn a couple of times. When the
characters are outside, he'll hop out and thake hands. smiling
‘and laughing atthe way they're dressed or how they haven't
changed much, He'llgeteveryone'to pie intothe Thunderbird,
throwing luggage in the trunk, and then take off I there are
too many characters to fit into a T-Bird, Bacchus will arrive
in a garishly painted van with a number of rows of seats.

If anyone asks where they're going, be'll say toward
Flagstaff. He does indeed get onto the Interstate and head
‘west oward Flagstaff, Arizona, which mileage signs show ax
300+ miles away.

Suggestions for Playing the Scene

‘Away from the gaming table, set up two rows of chairs
arranged like car seats. Anytime the story is taking place in
the car, move the group over to the chairs and roleplay the
seenesasliveaction. When the story is moa fastback or you
‘may require dice rolling, move back to the gaming table.
Ithelps to have a few costume props, such as jacket and
shades, for when you take the role of Bacchus and go to the
<civer's seat ofthe "ear." Your players will tend to follow
‘your lead on acting out the live-action car scenes, so ham it
‘up some by playing Bacchus to the hilt as cool and crazy.
‘Miming around the car (opening the door, tuming the key,
steering, cc.) will also encourage the players to get into the
‘wing ofthe live-action scenes. You may think of other props
‘as well, such as a cassette player to serve asa car radio (you
‘can even customize a tape to include a bizarre assortment of
‘music, plus occasional newscasts which, among other s10-
tes, mentions a drive-by shooting at a rest stop on I-40 —
‘aly the latest in a rash of violence along the freeway).

Scene Two: On the Road

‘The Interstate is warm and arid, with occasional cool
breezes felt dhrough the open windows of the T-Bird as the
sun sets. Oninto the night, the airtumns coldas the desert cools
‘ff. The traffic on the Interstate is light, and should become
sparser as the ride continues, until the highway is desolate.

‘Once the characters give up trying to get information out
‘of Bacchus as to where they're going or whi they're going
there, tum the conversation back to the old times. Bacchus

Chapter Five

will start by asking the characters what they've been doing.
since they last met inthe gay 1890, The players may have 10
‘come up with some impromptu answers.

‘At certain points along the ride, introduce the two flash-
‘back scenes and then roleplay them out, See below for tips on
running the flashbacks. In between flashbacks, feel free to
interject some ordinary events like the two examples below.

1.Gas Stop —Some time intothe trip. Bacchus will begin
his pitch to one ofthe characters for money by leading into
it with "yes" questions. Would you give a person dying of
thirst some water?, Youmanage to keep a life of luxury don't
you?, Would you give a man some money if he promived to
‘buy his family food?, etc. until he pulls into a gas station /
‘minimarket where he'll pop the real question —Will ya give
‘mea $20 for gas and munchies?. Twenty bucks is nothing to
‘most Mummy characters, but the point is how irritating
Bacchus can be by belaboring a point before he asks. Even if
‘characters offer him the money to shut him up, he'll decline,
‘scemingly insulted that they think he's sil a beggar. After
‘he's quiet for a minute and conversation hat turned to
‘something else, he'll begin asking again.

He'll get character to pump the gas while he goes into the
‘ore and loads wp on junk food. As a live action prop, you
‘might bring out abag of junk food when you (Bacchus) return
1 the "car." Again, the stranger the selection the better —
‘Yoo-Hoos, grape soda, pork rinds, Zingers™, etc. Bacchus
will get someone else to drive as the trip continues.

2, Leadfoot — As soon as another characteris driving.
Bacchus will be on them to drive faster, no matter how fast
the character goes. The T-Bird becomes very difficult 10
handle at 120 mph. After a few Drive or Dexterity rolls, an
‘unmarked police car will blur by going the other way andthen
‘um its lights on before making a U:tum to follow the
characters,

W'cup to the driver as to what todo, but try to avoid getting
the characters into a full-fledged chase that might result in
roadblocks and a disruption ofthe Story — better to let them
lose the police pursuit. Ifthe character stops to take his
‘medicine, atk one of the other players to assume the role of
the state trooper and privately coach the player into giving the
driver a lot of grief.

Flashbacks

Presented below is a flashback scene. It is intended to be
kept rather short and specific, since no real historical back-
(ground is given forthe era involved. Bacchus will imuudace
‘the scene while driving toward Flagstaff with some comment
like those listed atthe beginning of each section.

1's up to the Storyteller and players how the flashback
rolls out. In the playtest of this Story, the flashback scenes,
became pretty crazy, filled with dark humor. Also in the
pilaytest, one of the players got the hang of shifting into the
flashbacks and suggested another flashback during the live-

7


action driving hy making a friendly cudawn at another
character's expense. The group went with it and played out
the scene spontaneously (it keeps the Storyteller busy). The
ene turned out to be alot of fun due tothe player involve-
‘ment The point is rel free to ad moee flashbacks and let the

players do most ofthe creating.

Guillotine Graves

Remember the time the Gauls offed poor Serentu's head,
‘and we had to digit up for him? That old quack came out and
‘it (a character's name) with the shovel.

A. The Tavern

‘The years 1783. 11's the middle of the French Revolution,
land the characters are gathering at a tavern in the middle of
Paris. Most of the city is celebrating the overthrow of the
‘nobility, 30 the streets are already in a festive mood as the
characters come together for their centennial party.

As one ofthe characters approaches the tavern through mn
alley, the Ka spirit ofthe Mummy Serentu manifests before
him. The character knows Serentu on a casual level. He was
‘a: merchant in ancient Egypt and has spent much of his
jmmortal life with» passion for material shings. Sent will
‘explain that he was "mistaken as one of the heartless nobil-
"ty" wad guillotined along with all of the others executed by
the mobs. He can demonstrate by grabbing his own hair and
Iiting the head of his Ka form op frou bis neck and thea
‘replacing it He had been buried in amass grave south of Paris
where his body will quickly rot to nothing. He will have to
spend ages inthe spirit world to reform his body unless the
character helps. Will he go and dig up Serentu's body and
Ihead and bury it properly with the preservation rituals?
‘Serentu gives directions tothe graveyard and pleads for help,
as his Ka fades away.

{In the tavern, Bacchus is dressed in the tattered clothes of
‘a beggar adored with patches of jewelry and boots obvi-
‘ously stolen from anoble' household. He isalready well into
the aleas the characters arrive. Bacchus will ugh a Serentu''s
plight, but he is all for helping the "poor dead bastard out of
the rotting hole."

B. The Graveyard

‘The mass grave site sits around the base of a hilll south of
Paris. During the day, wagons carrying the dead come to drop
‘off their cargo, but at night i is almost deserted. The grave
‘yard caretaker lives nacotage al the edge ofthe grounds. He
spends his time tending the plots of the properly buried dead,
and has given little notice to the mass grave pits that have
become the final rest for the guillotine victims. The old man,
‘Gregory, has even let a medical student come at ight 10
collect cadaver pieces for study. Ifthe characters arive at

night, Gregory's cottage will be dark. The two mass grave
pits are covered with a mound of wet soil that will take two
hours to dig through.

‘As the characters arrive atthe mass graves, Serentu's Ka
‘will appear and thank all ofthe players for coming 10 rescue
him, He instructs them in which ofthe twomounds to dig. He
then begins a monologue of how dreadful these nobles are
‘when they are dead. They just can't handle the experience.
‘Their ghosts whine around, getting in the way, too stupid and
‘confused to pass along. "You should thank me that I've kept
them from manifesting and bothering you"

‘As the digging continues, a rain begins to fall, tuning the
soil to mud, until the characters are swimming in a mud bath
of corpses and burlap sacks filled with heads. Serenta will
‘confess that be doesn't have a firm idea where exactly his
‘body is, what with all ofthe ghosts bothering him and his head
‘and body separated. An Alertness + Stamina roll against
difficulty 9s required to chum through the mud long enough
to find the right body. None ofthe head sacks have Serent's
head.

‘About this time, Gregory appears. As ordained at the
beginning of the flashback, he swats a character with his
shovel and demands to know what they're doing bere. "You
weren't suppaced to came again until morrow night Any
‘fool knows it was going torain tonight. See what you've done
10 the place, bodies everywhere, and where's my silver?"

Gregory is a crotchety old French man who doesn't
"apyecciate the interruption, He was eapecting the Paris meui-
cal student and her hired hands tomorrow night to collect
‘more cadavers. Through bribery or intimidation, the charac-
‘ters may be ableto get out the truth about the medical student,
including the woman's name, out of old Gregory. The medi-
‘cal student has indeed taken Serentu's head.

C. Anatomy Studies

‘The medical student is Janette Lobue, daughter of a
‘wealthy and eccentric English diplomat to France. She stud-
ied medicine in Paris until the professors' stupidity regarding
hher sex forbade hex from continuing her statics beyond «
‘nursing level. She began her own research to spite the
‘university. With the help of a few hired hands, Janette has
‘been collecting cadavers and dissecting them inthe cellar of
thee Paris flat.

‘The characters will have to do crank out the Streetwise,
Investigation or Area Knowledge Abilities to track down
anette. They may also opt to wait for her the following night
‘the graveyard and confront her or follow her home.

Regardless, Janette will do her best to deny everything
since robbing graves, even of nobles, isnot a popular activity,
especially fora lady of society.'The characters may press her
with evidence and make a deal to get Serentu's head back (it
is already partially dissected, much to Serentu's dismay).
‘Janette may even comment on how smal the brain cavity is,
hhow developed the tongue musculature. et

78 World of Darkness: Mummy


If the characters try to force their way around Janette's
‘house. they will have to tussle with the hired hands who just
happen to he around,

The flashback can be wrapped once Serenty has been put
back together, or after the characters have reburied hi

After all of the flashbacks and road events you choose 10
play are done, the characters will approach a Rest Area along
1-40. Go to Scene Four and play through the climax of the
Story

Scene Three: Hell's Highway

As the group begins to approach a rest stop just off the
interstate, Bacchus will have the driver pall over to the
shoulder and stop. Bacchus will then explain why he has
brought the characters here and atk for their help. He explains
that when he was dead a few years ago, his Bs met the
traveling spirit of aZuni Indian mystic. The Indian instructed
Bacchus ina means to rejuvenate his sprit energy (regain Ba)
etum, Bacchus agreed to investigate ascar inthe spirit
world near the Zuni Indian reservation.

Bacchus has investigated the spirit world phenomenon
enough to be disturbed by whathe sees. Ata point long I-40.
‘north ofthe Indian reservation, a demon has found a breach
in the spirit world fabric of Gaia, the Earth Mother. He has
bbeen exploiting the breach ind secking to build a connection.

betweenthe physical world and hishome spirit world of Tust,

‘one name for the Egyptian concept of Hell. The demon,

whose trac name is Karamemti, has caused a rash of murder:

‘ous violence to occur at the rest stop and along the nearby
reich of 1-40 in order to further poison the spirit world and
build the growing connection, Bacchus wants to enter the
spirit world and find a way o stop Karamemti from complet

ing construction of the gateway

—
The Exit

Ifthe characters agree to help. Bacchus will pull out an
amulet, wrap its leather thong around the rear-view mirror
and activate the amulet. All ofthe character's Ka spirits will
be pulled from their physical bodies and their conscious
perceptions will shift tothe spirit world. They will he seated
in a blurry but operational spiritual facsimile of the
Thunderbird. Bacchus will point ahead and ask the driver to
continue onto the exit slowly

In the spirit world, the
lays on the ground and seems to crush the desert soil. The
‘ground on the sides of the road is cracked and parched. A thin
oil film constantly drains off of the road and dribbles into the
cracks in the ground. Ahead on the road the rest stop fas
‘disappeared and in its place is a regular interstate exit ramp
with a sign reading "Route 666 10 Twat," with an orange
sticker across it reading "Under Construction'

bony ribbon which

Chapter Five 79


Along the exit thee re ghost scence of the murder an
violence Karamemti has instigated here near the interstate.
While the actual ghosts of the dead will be found later as
aramemti's construction crew, thre i enough paychic
residue ail onthe scene to case the murderous actin 0
play back in spectral reenactments. Nothing of what happens.
im these scenes can be affected by the characters.

The content ofthe scenes is foreach Storyteller to decide
‘depending on the matunty of the gaming group. The purpose
4s to let the players know that their characters have entered
nto a setting and events influenced by realms of evil — this
4s no fantasy romp to slay a demon. The scenes portray
ordinary people out of control, performing acts of violent
rage and the descriptions should be just a bit shocking.
Possible scenes could include:

+ Amanchanging tire on afamily car. A truck driver
stops to lp, the two men begin to argue over how to remove
the lug nuts and the father kills the truck driver with the tire
iron,

+ Abhitchhiker waiting atthe reat stop asks for a ride
from a stopped car. The driver pulls a pistol from the glove
‘compartment and shoots, then gets out of the car to keep
shooting the fallen hiker.

+ Asstate rooper (perhaps the one who stopped the
characters) pulls into the rest stop and discovers two young.
‘teenagers parking and making out. He clubs the boy to death,

Again, the point is to shock a little bit. so know your
‘gaming group and use your discretion. Once the characters
‘exit 40 onto Route 666, Hels Highway, they will leave the
scenes behind.

Tollbooth

‘Once off 1-40, a shor stretch of road leads upto a rickety
shack ofa tolibooth set between two lanes. Crossbars block
‘off both lanes and red-green traffic lights show that the lanes
are open. A loathsome litle demon sts inthe booth. His true
fname is Khemsu, and he serves Karamemti. Khemsu wears
‘uniform of sorts under which his body continuously oozes
about, causing the clothing to ripple and bulge obscenely.

‘When the characters stop atthe booth, be wil tll uhem to
‘pay the tll. asked, he will explain the toll must be paid in
each of three virwes: Compassion (Conscience), Paith
(Hono, and Love. Every group wanting to ride Route 666
‘has to pay the toll. He will ask who is going to pay the tol of
‘Compassion.

Paying the three tolls requires the players to pool their
‘resources. They must select someone to pay the toll for each
‘virtue. The same character can be selected for none to all of
the thee tests. Once someone volunteers to pay one of the
‘Virsa tls, Khemsu uses the power of the tllbooth icon to
‘send the character into vivid daydream wherein the charac
ter is tested for that viru.

{Af the character roleplays an obvious failure to the day-
dream test (Le. succumbs to Khemsu's temptation) then no
toll is necessary — it's an automatic failure. If the character
roleplays virtwously, he must still pass a Virtue roll against
difficulty 7 (possibly adjusted up or down depending on the
roleplaying outcome) for the Virtue being tested. Two or
‘more successes indicate Khemsu is frustrated by the
character's shining resolve. One success is still good enough,
‘but the character will be plagued by doubts about that Virtue,
doubts which may cause penalties to future tests against that
Virtue asthe character recalls his near temptation. A failure
indicates the character will carry serious doubts about the
‘Virtue for some time, and also loses a point in that Virtue,

Khemsu will be very amused as memories rch with the
lost Virtue flash before the character's eyes and are then
forgotten forever. For example, a character fails the toll of
Jove and remembers moments of pure love shared with a
spouse from a previous life. The memories flood by and are
‘gone forever, With them go the enriching experiences that
‘gave the character a higher rating in the Virtue of Love.
‘Whether the character passes or fails the tes, the tol for that
Virtue is paid,

Below are suggested tests foreach Virtue. The characters
‘will quickly discover that Khemsu doesn't play fair. The
"rules" ofthe game are specific and the characters had betict
‘catch on quickly. Khemsu is bound to accurately answer all
‘questions about the tolls, except, of course, how to answer
them.

‘Compassion (Conscience) —The characteris wandering
the overcrowded, sewage-filled streets of Calcutta. Refuse
and excrement fill the alleys, and everywhere people are
starving and disease-stricken as famine has struck the Indian
city. The character comes upon a group of starving children.
‘The characterholds inber hands a small loaf of read. Shecan
divide the loaf among all of the children, with each getting
‘enough to ease their hunger but not enough to survive the
famine, or she can feed one child the entire loaf and he will
survive. What does she do?

‘Here Khemsu is trying to trap the character into an either!
‘or answer between only two options, and is also trying to
confuse the character between Compassion and Courage. It
takes courage and truth to let most ofthe children starve and,
save one, but a purely compassionate answer is to comfort
them all. t's a very fine line between the virtues, but the test
is of Compassion not Courage, and the correct answer isto
help all ofthe children. Just saving one child is an automatic
failure,

Faith (Honor) — The character isan American soldier in
the Vietnam war, His squad is on an advanced search-and-
destroy mission to demolish a Viet Cong munitions stock-
pile. The character's commander orders the character 10
advance 10 the village near the stockpile and eliminate
anyone and everyone there, while the rest of the squad flanks
to the munitions, The character advances to the jungle and.

80 World of Darkness: Mummy


comes upon the village. fo the distance sits the munitions
banker. Six women and children rest in the shade around the
tiny village. What does the character do?

Again, Khemsu is playing on the character's feelings,
trying to bind him from the tested Virtue by putting him in
8 situation that normally calls forthe tested Virtue of Honor
tobe overpowered by virtues of Compassion. Ifthe character
docs not kil the villagers, he will ee his squad move towards
the bunker. The women and children will poll out weapons
and start slaughtering the squad in a crossfire — the character
thas automatically failed.

Holding the villagers at unpoint should give the character
‘a chance to test the Virtue. Killing them, as heinous as itis,
1s the correct option and should eam the character a bonus 10
his difficulty number on the test, Remember that Honor is
shout Faith in one's groups, leaders and institutions. as well
as loyalty to them.

Lave —The character walks through the streets of is city
‘an ancient Persian city-state he rules. The people cheer and
adore him, fore is «hind and benevolent prince. He boards
riverboat with his entourage and sails toa neighboring city
state to visit the court ofits king. The two city-states are close
to war, and there are hopes to find peace.

At the court, the character is wined and dined by the other
royalbousehold. Across the room at dinner he sees adaughter
of the king. She is strikingly beautiful; her dark eyes stare
back atthe character — the attraction is palpable between the
two though no words are spoken. (Note that the sex of the
Vision personalities can change depending on the character's
preferences). The character learns that she is promised to a
‘noble of another city-state, a despicable man and a tyrannical
ruler, The character prepares to leave the cour after striking
fan uneasy peace with the king. As the chanscter begins t0
board his riverboat, the princess appears. She professes to
love the character, repeating how handsome and brave he
appears. Will he take her with him, even though itcould cause
‘one oF two city-states to war against the character's city?

The testis a version of the Helen of Troy myth. Khemsu
hopes to confuse the character hetween love and last. The
character is led to believe that love is represented by the
relationship with the princess, though it is just ust. The love
being tested is between the character and his people.

In describing the vision, de Storyteller should repeatedly
yet subtly stress how beautiful the princess is, saying litle
about her beyond hher appearance, whereas the character's
people openly cherish the character, their ruler. They love
{heir prince and he has been loving wo them. A dhe character
chooses to return with the princess, be is putting lust for her
above the love of his people, who will suffer greatly in the
‘ensuing war. The best option, which might lower the diffi-
culty of the Virtue test, 1s 10 1um away from her and leave.
Other outcomes would adjust the test difficulty asthe Story-
teller sees fit

Chapter Five


‘Once all thee tolls have been paid the crossbar will raise
1 allow the characters to drive through the gate and onto
Route 666, The road beyond the toll booth is pock-marked
‘with potholes, the concrete is scorched and cracked, and the
terrain beside the road is so dey, barren and hot that flames
‘erupt from it spontancously.

If the characters say to hell withthe tolls (literally), and
attack Khemsu, they will find him a most pathetic opponent.
Khemsu has a Willpower of 2. For quick and dirty spirit
‘combat, compare the character's Ka rating with Khemsu's
Willpower in a resisted test. The winner's successes repre
scot points of damage to the Willpower or Ka rating. How-
ever, even with Khemsu gone, the toll booth will not allow
the characters to pass. Another demon will appear shortly to
assume the role of toll collector.

Scene Four: The Construction Crew

‘The characters will have about a 20-minute drive ahead of
them once they pass the toll. It is difficult to 20 fast on the
pock-marked highway, and the screams and scamperings of
unsightly creatures barely visible on the horizon tend to
distract the driver and passengers. The highway is otherwise
featureless except for occasional road signs proclaiming
"Route 666" or mileage signs: "Tuat 12/Dis 95".

‘At some point during the drive, a huge cement truck will
‘come barrling up from behind the characters' car, skimming
‘over the broken road as though the potholes didn'texist. Any
passenger or the driver must pass a Perception + Alertness
‘oll against difficulty 8 to notice the truck, and then the diver
‘must make a Wits + Drive test against difficulty 7 to swerve
to the shoulder and let it pass. A collision with the trick or
swerving off the shoulder into the flaming fields will disrupt
the car and injure the characters — each loses one point of
Ka. They will have to continue on foot.

‘Abruptty, Route 606 ends. Atits end point allof the ghosts
of the mortals who died through the rest stop violence are
chained together in leg irons and work with picks at breaking
‘up the soil ahead of the road's leading edge, or shovel and
smooth wet concrete into place on the road. The wet concrete
pours from the mixing truck's back slide, caring onto the
‘ground in a bubbling syrup, Occasionally faces form in the
substance, contort with pain or longing, and flow away.

Three Jesser demons, each with a Willpower of three,
manage the work crew. One works the controls of the truck,
while the other two take tums whipping the shovelers or
streaming a litany of curses and patronizing satire at the
pickers. The foreman demon with the shovelers constantly
‘eminds them that they are stuck in hell with no chance of
setting to heaven. The pickers look miserable and the shov-
¢lers are in constant pain from the lashings. The demon
‘manning the truck controls mumbles "One part misery, two
parts pain"

‘Exactly how the characters choose to handle the situation
is open. The demon foreman will talk to the characters, ask
them to help out —~ "Here, just slip this shackle on and grab
shovel. It's fun, no, realy it is." — oF generally let the
characters be as long as they don't imerrupt. The cement
mixer constantly mumbles the formula for the gateway
‘construction so that he and his fellows don't forget it.

‘The characters may simply squash the foreman and free
the ghosts, or do something more creative, like tossing the
‘demons into the wet concrete. At some point Kararmemt will
show up personally, sensing the disruption caused by the
characters. His form rapidly shifts and transforms from &
humanoid crocodile to a fiery-skinned devil to a mass of
‘writhing serpents and on and on to 100 different forms. He
will rage and bluster atthe characters. "Do you know who 1
‘am, you sons of jackals? 1am the Despoiler of the Dead, the
Lord of Rot. 1 am the worm that feasts upon the dead
‘pharaoh's eye so that he sees only hell forall eternity. You
‘have interrupted my work and must make compensation."

Karamemti has Willpower of eight, and can summon six
‘malign spirits with Willpowers of three to do is bidding if
‘necessary. He will not immediately resortto violence, hoping
instead to trick or intimidate the characters into servitude
rather than destroying their Ka spirits

Karamemti will challenge the characters to a contest of
names. Before the contest, he will negotiate the terms of the
‘contest with the characters. You can roleplay the negotiation,


roll dice, or do both. The roll is Wits + Haggling and is «
resisted test between the highest character rating and,
Karamemti's rating of five

the road, ort the very least
that they go away and leave the demons project alone. The
service might last anywhere from eternity ta year, or maybe
until the highway's completion, depending on how well the
haggling goes for Karamemti, The characters will want to
negotiate for such things as canceling the construction,
tearing up the road, binding Karamemti not to cause more
rages along I-40, etc. It's up tothe players to set forth their
‘demands as they haggle

‘Once the haggling is complete, and both sides have ironed
‘out what they getifthey win the contest of names, Karamemnti
will begin. The test of names relies upon the characters' skill
at Hekaw Magic, which is a measure of how many true names
they know and how well they can use them. The characters
‘can pool their Hekau scores together into one rating (maxi
mam of five) for purposes of the contest. The Storyteller
should "cheat" in assigning Karamemti a Hekau score de~
Pending on the characters' total. Making it one less than the
character's total is generally a good idea, but no less than a
wo.

The contest involves naming opposing forces to one-up
the other side. For example. Karamemti might begin by
naming a crocodile, then the characters return my naming an
clephant which could crush the crocodile, then Karamemti
returns by naming drought which kills the elephant, and the
characters return with the true name of water which cancels
thirst, et. The contest can last as long as it stays interesting.

You may decide to forget the dice and roleplay the entire
‘contest, but if you want to prevent any potential confusion or
squabbling over what beats what, you can regulate the
contest with the following dice method. Karamemti's first
tum s tree — be can name anything — and will usually start
small (perhaps ara to fee the characters out. The characters
thencome back with an opposing name, which the Storyteller
can judge for cleverness and modify difficulty numbers
‘sccodingly. The first round startsata base difficulty number
‘of 4 for both the characters' firs repartee and Karamernti's
first counter. The naming side rolls their Hekau total against
the difficulty and needs at least one success, orthey have lost
The entire contest is a sustained test. The first side 10
sccumolate a total of 20 successes wins (adjust the number
fora longer or shorter contest)

In the playtest, the characters were quite clever. To over-
‘come a naming of death, they named rebirth of the body (as,
it relates 10 Mummies' immortality. It was a very weak
comeback so they got a difficulty number penalty for that
‘counter but still passed the Hekau test). They had sprung a
Uap for Karamemti, who pridefully boasted his own trve
‘name as the Lord of Rot who dissolves dead bodies before

they can be rebom. The characters then intemupted the
contest to intimidate Karamemti with the knowledge of his
true name.

[Note thatthe characters don't necessarily have to know a
Hekau spell containing the trae name ofthe item they use in
the contest, nor can they remember the names used to use
them again later (Karamemti's slip-up in the playtest being
fan exception), After all, Hekau magic requires not only
Knowledge of pronunciation, but also a realization of how the
fname fits the whole. This cannot be gained in a few short
minutes.

Aftermath

Ifthe character lose the contest of names, they will most
likely be joining the chain gang on Hell's Highway for some
time. The characters may leave the Chronicle for a while, or
the Storyteller may dream up a""prison break" Story forthem.

‘Assuming the characters win the contest against
‘Karamerat, construction will b closed down, aed the char
acters can bring the mortal ghost laborers back out of the
highway where they will quickly vanish to higher spirit
‘worlds, The story is over, for now, Karamemnti, the Lord of
Rot, is not a good encny for Mumoics to have, seco bow
they die a ot and have to keep their corpses in good shape:
‘The spumed and embarrassed demon will no doubt be back

‘again,

Chapter Five 8


Current Name: Nature: Prayer:

Kxown Name: DEMEANOR: Curontcer:
‘Taur Name: Occurarion: Buernyean:
Fe ATTRIBUTES enemies ae
Priysicat Sociat Mentat

Strencta @OOO00000 Manruanon @O0000000  Percertion @0000000
Dextexrry @0000000 Cw 0000000 Iwmuscecr ~@0000000

Stamina @OO00000  Avrramance ®0000000 Wes 0000000
TaLents SkILLs KNowLepaes
oe 00000 00000 _____00000
00000 00000 00000
00000 00000 ____ 00000
00000 00000 00000
00000 00000 ‘00000
00000 00000 ‘00000
00000 00000 00000
00000 00000 _00000
0000 00000 -20000
00000
Pa ADVANTAGES eg

Magic) (Ba) Ba \/Seexeu' J SS ——

‘Suis 0 || 0 || dOsttsy_ || 00000) Coxscuexce__ @0000
cuihnur 9] 0° 5 0) 00000 Sxur-Coxreor_@0000
00000 $ | S ole 00000) Covrsce___ ©0000
AMULETS 0/03 00000) Hoxox 0000
00000 ei) —
Crest fe) | ° 0/04 00000} |Love. @0000

o || 0 | 0 | o}s i
20000 e131} Sie 00000) |r #0000

¢ 0 | 0 | 0} 0\7
00000 ojlo ll o o/s
Hexau ss 0! ol,

00000 f Heats
NECROMANCY sO
0000 Huxr OQ Exma
WiLLROWi IyuumeD aoa
Wearox | DirvicuutyDamace 0000000000 Wom =O OD
Oooo Mavreo aoa
Cunm Q OO
Incaracrrare> OQ OO

| (Experience:

Arrusures: 7/5/3 Awumes: 20/15/10 Backcnounns: 6 Virus: 10 Fureum Powers: 20 (6,5.2,1.1/3)


MN

Legends of Evil...

Are Not Always Myths
