# File: Mummy - the Resurrection.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


CREDITS

Concept and Design: Justin Achilli, Tim Avers, Andrew
Bates, Kraig Blackwelder, Philippe R. Boulle, Car! Bowen,
Ken Cliffe, Jesse Heinig, Conrad Hubbard, Rich Thomas
and Steve Wieck, with ideas adapted from Stewart Wieck,
James Estes and Graeme Davis

Authors: Jim Comer, Robert Hatch, Jesse Heinig, Conrad
Hubbard, Steve Kenson, Richard Ruane

Development & Additional Writing: Andrew Bates and
Kraig Blackwelder

Editor: Carl Bowen

Art Director: Rich Thomas

Logo Design: Becky jollensten

Front and Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

Interior Art: Mike Danza, Talon Dunning, Christopher
Shy, Larry Snelly, Andy Trabbold and Drew Tucker
Book Design: Becky Jollensten

Layout, Typesetting and Design: Becky Jollensten
Helpful Intern: Matthew O'Connor

735 PARK NORTH BLD.
Sur 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO
©2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of

and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the
Ascension, and World of Darkness are registered trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Mummy
the Resurrection, Year of the Scarab, Werewolf the Apoca-
lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Hunter the Reckoning, and
Mage the Sorcerers Crusade are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copy-
right concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This
book contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

IN CASE YOU WERE WONDERING...

Mummy: The Resurrection is a game. It's a game
involving imagination, inspiration, insight and, above all,
maturity. A big part of all these things is understanding that
Mummy is only a game and that the characters and situa-
tions depicted within this book are strictly imaginary. If you
win at Monopoly™, you don't foreclose on the loser's house.
If you win a game of hangman, you don't actually lynch the
other guy. The same principle applies to any roleplaying or
storytelling game. Like, say, the one you're looking at now.

Put plainly: You are not a mummy. This book cannot
help you become immortal. This is only a game. When a
game session ends, put away the books and dice, enjoy the
rest of your life and let other people enjoy theirs.

For the vast majority of you who are sufficiently well-
adjusted not to need such a ridiculous disclaimer, have fun!

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


y at

a

INTRODUCTION: DEATH AND RESURRECTION 4
CHAPTER ONE: JUDGMENT IN HEAVEN 18
CHAPTER TWO: THE RESURRECTED 32
CHAPTER THREE: THE MODELER 50
CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER 74
CHAPTER FIVE: THE SCALES THAT WEIGH 132
CHAPTER SIX: THE LANDS OF FAITH 150
CHAPTER SEVEN: SECRETS OF THE SCRIBE 182
CHAPTER EIGHT: SERPENTS IN THE GARDEN 196
APPENDIX: OTHER IMMORTALS 214
CONTENTS

banere predicts bebe betes sete


The god Cvrk tat bmmolile and enlgmatte for milfenola opon bit dark Milt
tn the underworld The sphrbye of anotout €gy ph cared fer phoebe ursboriag ford
ha the ghartly chty of Ament whe the Dark Ktngdor of land remaloed av bard

of taftty to the bottles expanse of the ynderworlh The ghattt dwelfed there bo
the Lhasow of thelr ford and matter, and they anatted bt anakewhog.
Then came the terror Known at Lya-akh, the ghost storm, If appeared wh

hthle warotag, py J by peyobse tremors Phat rhepled throughout the wnder-
| world Wh breathtaking siiffvess, the souf-whdkt follonek They roared fom
\ the dephte of oberon with an unmatched bunger for dattructow. Tbe spor shepp
toward the sebrlt- chy Amentt, and the gheatht guaked tn fear at the avotbblation
A promkted.

At te storm of masver neared he Dark Ktugdom of Sand, Quek shirred upon
bis dark throne. The god beard the bontag of dastrvctlon grontug lovrdir. He fot
the Hbernferous crath of Amentts wilt at they were syrdered be fhe forms rege.

« QM ark tot lating energles flared from phe Lord of Life, tv dofbance of tbe
corrupting vord, of the Dia-akh. Darling and radiant at the tuo, told and
bur ovabfe at the pyramtde to a tanditorm, Cbls reve frown bit great throne fo
Stora the tide of made that sorged around iin.

Sprite flocked fo phate ford i pw ofection, seeklog syccor from the bofocaust that
Angered for thelr tou. These who dd vot reach refyge to time were shredded
ta the ontlaught of he Lya-akh.

Rettife and onfllnching, phe god of bye avd death defied the ghatt spor.
Coned ky bit. splendor, fhe chact flowed around Qtris. Power fil Citrhs, bwwortal

Qttrks, formed an oaks of tafety ath tornentarabje dattructon. Spirhhs cred out

ti rebof, certato phat thelr god would guarantee thete saftapion.

Yet the LYa-akh raged on, be ng at ibe, barrier of Clkt igh
Zefore fong, the sphetie baw fhetr godt Nght grow di...


WHATEVER MAY HAPPEN TO YOU WAS PREPARED FOR YOU FROM
ALL ETERNITY; AND THE IMPLICATION OF CAUSES WAS FROM
ETERNITY SPINNING THE THREAD OF YOUR BEING.

— MARCUS AURELIUS

For millennia, the Nile Valley has cast its irresistible
spell over the youngest of the world's children. From its
source near the site of the earliest evidence of man at
Olduvai to the great river's outlet near the deserts where the
prophets walked, the valley of the eternal river has been
man's kindest cradle. Now, like the sun rising after a long
night, an ancient power returns to the Nile Valley.

Osiris, the oldest and greatest of the Egyptian gods, has
long reigned in the Lands of the Dead. A recent cataclysm in
the underworld has roused Osiris from his seeming slumber
to take an active hand in the living world once again. The
agents of this ancient power are themselves things of legend.
They are deathless beings who defy the grasp of mortality.
They are mummies.

In Mummy: The Resurrection, you are invited to play
one of these immortal beings.

Most of us think of a mummy as a bandage-wrapped
corpse from ancient Egypt, but a mummy in this game is
nothing so cliché. Your character is a combination of old and
new. He is a hybrid of ancient Egyptian spirit and modern
day soul who has been empowered by Osiris with an ages-old
mission. Your character is a warrior for balance, who seeks to
preserve life against the ruin and oblivion that long-standing
evil threatens to unleash.

But how does a modern man or woman become the
undying force of an ancient god's will? Whether because of

an unfortunate accident or active malice, your character has
died before his time. Only by bonding with a portion of an
ancient soul can he return to the living world. In return for
asecond chance at life, your character becomes an agent of
redemption in a world of despair.

Your character has something special that cries out to
Osiris and his followers, some strength or insight that never
reached full bloom in life. Responding to this unrealized
potential, an ancient Egyptian spirit bonds with your char-
acter and begins an arcane ceremony toreturn your character
to life. Upon returning to the living world, your character
works with others of his kind, fellow mummies — fellow
immortals — to restore the balance of justice to a world that
is sliding ever faster into corruption and decay.

Even in the face of death, accepting immortality is not
as easy to do as you might think. His transformation from
earthly to eternal changes your character forever. I is scope
of understanding broadens dramatically, but new mysteries
The world is a grim place, the
ies carried out against it. Crea-
tures supernatural and mundane advance malign agendas to
hasten the downward spiral of society, to snuff out the flame
of hope and innocence in humanity.

are revealed in the proce

victim of centuries of atroc

When he returns to life, your character has the power to
stand against these forces. He has been given an opportunity
for a second chance, a new beginning.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

4
<

Hela eels ebaeeeeerekee poet leke bebe betel seebeeebere


MUMMIES

Over the course of thousands of years, ancient Egyptians
perfected the art of preserving the bodies of the dead. Their
intent was to maintain the body for the family of the
deceased. After death, the individual's soul passed into Duat,
the Egyptian underworld. There, in the spirit city of Amenti,
Osiris ruled over the dead. The god Anubis guided new
arrivals before the judges of the afterlife, so that they could
determine the spirit's reward for its life.

When i dwith the fication cere!
the Spell of Life that had been set down by Osiris and his
sister-wite Isis created an eternal link between soul and
corpse. Although the spirit still ventured into the under-
world upon its death, it could now return across the Shroud
(which divides the living and spirit worlds), infusing its dead
flesh with life. Proper service in the underworld realm of
Amenti allowed the mummy to gather sufficient spiritual
energy to return to the living world. Months, even years,
might pass, but a mummy would always eventually return to
life no matter how many times he w: in.

The followers of Isis and Osiris performed the resurrec-
tion ceremony ona small number of their members. Because
of an imperfect understanding by Osiris and Isis when they
created the spell, however, the ancient mummies were subtly
flawed. Although their flesh was warm and their hearts beat,
the touch of death never left them entirely, Although they
had been infused with life eternal, they were completely
sterile. Mystics found mummies' auras dull and their blood
strangely lacking in life force.

Despite being small in number, the undying breed made
formidable opponents. Horus, the son of Osiris and greatest
of the Undying, led most of the mummies in a crusade to
cleanse the world of his murderous uncle, Set — who was
himself the servant of Apophis. The faithful Followers of
Horus, the Shemsu-heru, returned again and again from
beyond the grave to stand against the evil of Set and the dark
god's venomous children.

The handful of mummies battled Set's corruption down
through the millennia. Then came the Dja-akh, the ghost
storm, that ravaged the underworld. Even the eternal Shemsu-
heru could not withstand the fury of the Dja-akh, and many
of their number perished in the destruction of great Amenti,
the Dark Kingdom of Sand. Without the wisdom of Osiris,
the god of resurrection, all might have been lost.

AMENTI

In the aftermath of the spirit storm, the old Spell of Life
has lost its potency. It now bestows not so much as a twitch
iia wari Corpse! Osiris, active 'and ineerested in the'affaina
of the living for the first time in generations, has delivered a

new Spell of Life to priests and priestesses of unwavering
integrity and honor. Osiris' centuries beyond the Shroud
may have given him greater insight into the bond between
spirit and flesh. This new spell is without flaw, and it is far
more powerful than its predecessor. The newest spell of
resurrection imbues the dead with a life force that flows as
strong as the great river Nile.

Part of the spell's strength comes from the new manner
in which the Reborn (as mummies are also called) are
created. Those resurrected in the wake of the Dja-akh are the
product of a union of one of the storm-shattered souls from
Amenti and the flawed soul of a mortal who has died
recently. Only the strongest shards of the souls of the ancient
Egyptian dead were able to survive the maelstrom's savage
winds. At Osiris' behest, the remnants of these ancient
spirits — including many old mummies whose souls were
fractured by the howling soul tide of the Dja-akh — are
spreading across the world seeking those whose weaknesses
needs their strength. They solicit a bond with individuals
whom they can complete and complement.

From the perspective of those in the underworld, a
person who is soon to meet with death evinces a mark orsign
shortly before his end in the physical world. Spirits call these
prophetic markings "death marks." When one of the Amenti
spirits finds a compatible individual bearing the spiritual
death marks, the tattered entity waits nearby in the tumul-
tuous ghost world. At the moment of death, the Amenti
spirit fragment reveals itself to the newly deceased and offers
to restore him to life. Should he agree, the shard of the
Egyptian soul animates the individual's dying form with just
enough life energy to make a desperate pilgrimage. The
spirit's goal is the Web of Faith, a network of holy sites
scattered across northern Africa to the Middle East, and
infused with the life force of Osiris himself —a life force that
is vital to the resurrection ceremony.

In the Lands of Faith, the priests and priestesses of Isis
and Osiris wait for the joined spirits, and their sacred magic
calls to the returning dead. Once the animated corpse is
taken in at one of the secret sites, the beloved of Isis and
Osiris perform the divine ritual of resurrection.

While the exact practice of the ritual of rebirth varies
from cult to cult, the key elements remain consistent. The
body is soaked in natron (a salt mixture common to the
Egyptian embalming process) and wrapped in protective
bandages that have been inscribed with spells. As long as the
ritual is performed within the Web of Faith, the deceased is
flooded with a surge of life force. The power of Osiris flows
into the corpse, burning away the weak portions of its soul.
The fragment of the ancient Egyptian soul replaces the
flawed or impure portion of the modern soul, and it is called
a tem-akh, or "completing spirit." The new soul joins
seamlessly with old; the hybrid then faces the Judges of

INTRODUCTION: DEATH AND RESURRECTION


Ma'at. After receiving this arcane spiritual body's judgment,
the newly empowered soul merges once more with the body.

The resurrected individual — referred to formally as an
Amenti in honor of the lost city of the dead — may undergo
small changes as the body adjusts to its new, more powerful life
force, although these alterations tend to be subtle ones. The
most significant changes that the Spell of Life brings are clear.
The recipient has come back to life, and the weakest portion of
his soul has been replaced with the powerful tem-akh.

THE RESURRECTION

Before death and subsequent rebirth, a person who
experienced the resurrection invariably led a stunted and
largely hollow life due to some weakness or flaw in his
character. Being made whole by the tem-akh grants the
individual an entirely new way to experience life. Some
describe it as finding a conscience that they never had. Some
compare it to finding a new best friend that they will never
lose. Some describe it as awakening a great hunger for justice
that cannot be denied. None go unchanged.

In the new mummy, the child of the modern age and the
abandoned child ofa lost time come together. Two lives fuse.
Each portion grants strength where the other was weak.
Millennia worth of wisdom combine with the enlightened
attitudes of a new world. The fading essence of the tem-akh
merges with the frenetic energy of the modern mind, and the
resultant soul brings a unique perspective into being. The
self-styled Undying refer to this existence as the Third Life.

Upon returning to life, the Amenti is more alive than ever
before. His senses are more refined, and sensation is more
intense. Lights seem more colorful and brighter. Sex is more
fulfilling. Food is more flavorful. As every tactile sense is
heightened, life becomes indescribably more sensuous. Al-
though the mummy still spends periods of inactivity within the
dead realms, the joys that life has to offer remind him constantly
tostrive to return. The world that the Modeler has created is too
beautiful not to savor, and the spark of the divine wakes an
incomparable appreciation for living.

With a deep awareness of the preciousness of life comes
a heavy feeling of responsibility. Most of the Resurrected
realize that they have been called back to life to help retake
the world from the corrupting forces of Set's master, Apophis.
Some seek to improve the societies that have adopted them
in the Lands of Faith. Others return to their previous lives in
hopes of healing the damage that they caused through their
thoughtlessness or selfishness. Those who understand the
principles of Ma'at best are inspired endlessly to change the
world for the better and drive out the minions of darkness.

DJINN

Mummies are not the only supernatural beings in the
world. Like the rest of the World of Darkness, the Lands of Faith
are home to a variety of preternatural creatures, some of which

are as ageless as the trackless desert itself. Islamic texts speak of
the djinn, beings created from smokeless fire by Allah before the
coming of man.

A handful of mystics of the World of Darkness believe that
those wh and rise as
bythe bestial spirit ofa lesser djinn known asa ghul, which flows
into the body along with the tainted blood and inspires an
unholy hunger. The same scholars say that the shapeshifters,
nature spirits and faeries of legend are but forms of djinn and ifrit
as well. Tales of King Solomon trapping thousands of djinn
within various magical vessels continue to inspire wonder.
Wizards sometimes seek to follow in the Biblical king's footsteps
by binding djinn to perform great tasks.

APOPHIS

The entity known as Apophis knows only one thing:
corruption. It has been around since time began, and it exists to
defile and destroy. It is the ultimate trickster, the overwhelming
darkness and the unceasing perversion. Among the minions of
Isisand Osiris, Apophis is considered the source of all evil. Many
are drawn into the Great Serpent's snare unwittingly as their
natural desires for success and wealth grow slowly tainted by
Apophis' insidious influence.

The Great Serpent does not fear engaging in outright
conflict, but it is just as skilled at using subtlety to achieve its
goals. Likewise, its minions are corruption incarnate, perverting
the innocentand defiling the unspoiled. Set was the Corrupter's
mightiest champion, slaying Osiris and battling Horus through
the march of years.

The greatest threat Apophis presents comes from the
subtle depravities it uses to influence even the staunchest of i ig
opponents. The 1 Bane but
of the Great Serpent's ability to turn its enemies into its init

THE HOLY LAND

Tounderstand the ancient component of a mummy's soul,
it's important to understand the land from which it came. The
Near East of the Arabian Peninsula and northern Africa have
long been recognized as the cradle of civilization. Certainly, the
three great monotheistic religions were all founded in the
greater region of the Middle East, and their influence extends
around the world. However, the ancient homeland of mankind
has become infested with agents of chaos and imbalance, and it
roils with madness, violence and bloodshed. In the World of
Darkness, those who seek the unseen adversaries of mankind
here need not seek far.

On the surface, the Lands of Faith appear much the same
tothesupernatural denizens of the World of Darkness as they do
to the mortals among whom they walk. The same ancient
buildings crowd the same dusty streets, sheltering their inhab-
itants from the sun's harsh gaze. National borders seethe with
eternal tension. Fanatics target tourists, bystanders and

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

ekekel keke eres


innocents in a struggle that stems from conflicts that are older
than any mortal participant. Suspicion and hatred tear at the
fabric of the divine kingdoms on Earth, and more souls fall prey
to bigotry and unthinking dogmatism every day.

Atthesame time, the world clamors for unrestricted access
tothe rich reserves of oil that lie beneath the Lands of Faith. To
better keep their citizens complacent with cheap gas, the world
powers subvert peace by any means necessary. The price for oil
is blood, and the superpowers provide weapons and training to
any dictator or militant group that will keep it flowing.

All the while, the powers of darkness look on and laugh.

THE TWO LANDS
Using symbolism that pervaded every aspect of their reli-
gion and writing, ancient Egyptians recorded their recognition
of the dichotomy of the world. The legendary Pharaoh Menes
combined Upper and Lower Egypt into one kingdom, and the
whole was called the Two Lands. The concept of the Two Lands
found expression in geography as well as politics: the Black
Lands of Khem, named for the rich dark silt of the Nile River,
and the Red Lands of the mercil
The most important example of the Two Lands, however,
thatNeter-khertet, the Shadowlands,
mirrored the material world. Although the reflections of this
spirit world were invisible to mortal eyes, sorcerers and seers
could peer across the barrier between worlds and speak of what
took place there.

s desert.

Neter-khertet is only the uppermost layer of the greater
spirit realm called Duat, the underworld. Duat contains such
diverse realms as the Halls of Ma'at in the paradise of A'aru,
where the dead were judged, and the pits of Apophis, where the
Corrupter lurks hoping to swallow the sun god, Ra. The fall of
Egypt to conquerors eclipsed many of the parts of the under-
world that would be most familiar to the Egyptians. However,
the rise of new faiths has only made the underworld more
intricate, rather than destroying it.

THE NEXT WORLD

The first great ruler of Egypt was Osiris, from whom
knowledge and justice flowed. Priests of Isis and Osiris delivered
the blessings of the sibling divinities to the people. However,
the minion of Apophis, Set, struck down his brother Osiris and
sundered Osiris' body into many parts. Even after Osiris' sister
and wife, Isis, helped him regain life, Set slew his brother a
second time. The savage act cast a veil of darkness across Egypt.

Still, the land carried on fora time with the legacy of Osiris'
teachings as its guide. The Cult of Isis battled Apophis and its
lackeys for thousands of years. The Cult of Isis used the original
Spell of Life to create the first 42 mummies, who aided Osiris'
son Horus in his eternal struggle to avenge the death of his
father. These warriors might fall in battle, but their unique gifts
made sure that they would arise to combat the darkness soon

enough. The Shemsu-heru spent time after each death resting
in the underworld city of Amenti. There in Duat, they met with
the spirits of those who remained tied to the earth and had not
passed all the way to the Fields of Paradise. In Amenti, they
beheld the invulnerable form of their lord Osiris, sitting silent
and still upon his throne.

The Shanu-atiu, that inner circle of ghostly priests who
guarded the Lord of Resurrection, believed that their god was
contemplating the truth of the universe, and they observed him
carefully for any change. Writhing storms grew in the under-
world as the centuries passed. The devourer Apophis slowly
consumed more and more of the spirit world as Osiris sat, silent
and still. Meanwhile, the Reborn kept returning to the physical
world in a ceaseless attempt to fight the serpent's corruption of
the Earth.

Although Apophis grew ever stronger as the struggle
dragged on, the innermost group of Osiris' priests in the realms
of the dead never lost hope. They possessed a secret that they

edtood toreveal to anyone else. At different,
abn points in history, Shanu-atiu watchers found the great
throne of Osiris mysteriously empty. The first time, the watchers
kept the knowledge to themselves for fear of the great panic it
would cause throughout the underworld. They rejoiced when.
their lord ly, but they 1 the
same unyielding policy of shrouding his occasional absences
from all outsiders. Even the Shanu-atiu did not know where the
god of resurrection went during his sojourns. At best, they could
record when he left. He was notably absent around 2780 BCE
at one of the changes of the Sothic cycle, and again during the
first three decades of the Common Era.

THE FALL OF AMENTI

With some study, the pri
ances of Osiris seemed to precede terrible surges in the black
coils that Apophis extended through the underworld. Each
surge came in the form of a tremendous ghostly cataclysm that
they called a Dja-akh, or ghost storm, which swept through the
surface of the underworld. In turn, every spirit storm seemed to
find its origin in some terrible event that unfolded in the
material realm.

ered that th

Therefore, the disappearances of Osiris came to be a
warning of future danger in the Lands of the Dead and the living.
However, Osirisdid not vanish hefore the most recent, and most
savage, spirit storm. It swept through without warning near the
turn of the new millennium, catching even the Shanu-atiu
completely unprepared. Such was its fury that the Dja-akh
shook mighty Osiris from his slumber. However, even he was
not powerful enough to protect Amenti and its denizens com-
pletely from destruction.

Eventually, the god's power was exhausted in the face of
Apophis' thrashing darkness. His light growing dim, the belea-
guered Osiris flexed his will and stepped from the force of the

INTRODUCTION: DEATH. AND RESURRECT ION


Dja-akh into the light of the Web of Faith, a lattice of mystical
power on earth. He tapped into its holy essence to find ways to
heal and save his scattered children.

The few spirits who escaped being ripped apart by the Dja-
akh were alone — the Dark Kingdom of Sand was gone, as was
its ancient ruler. The scattered Shanu-atiu feared the worst.
They searched frantically for their master, Osiris, the Lord of
Life. That frantic search finally led them to the Web of Faith.

THE WEB OF FAITH

Across the Holy Land, sites of great faith and power dot the
landscape like flecks of gold on an enormous map. Cities have
risen around some of these sites while others have been lost in
the wastes of the trackless desert. Power courses between these
areas, flowing and ebbing like the mighty Nile. Sensing the
power of such places, later cultures also sought to tap the great
reservoirs of sacred energy.

The Arabs in particular built fabulous mosques — some-
times with the same stones that once graced the ancient
Egyptian sites —and their viziers sought to unite the entire Holy
Land in a network of temporal and mystical perfection. Their
efforts resulted in a lattice of pure faith and spiritual power that
connects a wide array of holy sites. While the mystics who
established this great network have largely disappeared, their
creation remains. The links between the holy places remain
visible to those who are aware of such things. Although the
passage of centuries has threatened to rip asunder the fabric of
this spiritual network, sorcerers and mystics of all descriptions
have learned to strengthen and channel its power. The builders
and protectors of this invisible lattice of divine energy called it
the Web of Faith.

EGYPTIAN MYTHOLOGY

Mummy: The Resurrection takes its inspiration from
actual Egyptian myth, which has been filtered through the
shadows of the World of Darkness. It may be helpful to under-

stand where these legends come from.

By the time of the First Dynasty, around 3100 BCE,

Egyptian myths h dy been forged intoa body
of formalized lore, grand stories and theories of creation. Politi-
cal turmoil and the inevitable changes wrought by time altered
some aspects of the various beliefs and occasionally nudged
priests to consolidate two or more gods into a single deity. The
dominant myths of the Egyptian people nonetheless remained
essentially unchanged until the region's occupation by the
Romans over 3000 years later.

Every region of Egypt had its own creation stories, which
stem from as far back as 4000 BCE. Virtually every story begins
with the darkness of nothing, into which the creating god or
gods bring the world, which is covered in water. A hill rises from
the water, and the sky separates from the land as the land does
from the water. In th i almost identical.

ee eee ia

W

The names of this creator and its appearance vary greatly,
however. The Memphites — from what b of Egypt's
capitals — called the first god Ptah, and they represented him
asa false-bearded man standing upon the hieroglyph for Ma'at.
In Upper Egypt, around the area of Abydos and Elephantine,
the creator was called Khenmu the Modeler, and the ram-
headed deity crafted the gods and mankind fromclay. Hermopolis
called the divine being Amon, imagining himas the hidden one
behind all things. Heliopolis called the All-Father Atum.

The First Dynasty proclaimed its descent from the sun god
Ra to his children Shu and Tefnut to their children Geb and
Nuit to their son Osiris and on to his child Horus. By proclaim-
ing that he wasa god descended from the sun, the Pharaoh could
legitimize all powers of rule over the populace. Osiris' birth from
thesky goddess along with hissister-wife Isis, er Nephthys
and his brother Set, formed a favorite myth for Egyptian
storytellers. Chapter Six: The Lands of Faith retells this legend
as seen through the lens of the World of Darkness.

Popularization of the myth of the divine family had long-
term effects on the political growth of the priesthoods of
different gods. Early priests began to associate the attributes of
one god with another. In order to advance their theocratic
beliefs and cement their power in society, they eventually even
proclaimed that different gods were the same being. The mighty
creator Amon and the sun god Ra became Amon-Ra. Because
the Pharaoh was supposedly the physical embodiment of Horus,

‘en iio ya
BY ANY OTHER NAME

The choice between complete accuracy and

use of familiar terms can sometimes be a difficult

one. Since we are telling stories instead of writing

le

scholarly treatises, the decision is easier. In most
cases, the Greek terminology is dominant. We
present the ancient Egyptian equivalents here,
but purists will have to resign themselves to an
acknowledgement of the original and be happy
with the common name throughout the rest of

this text.
Egyptian Greek or English
Anpu Anubis.
Apep Apophis
Asar Osiris it
Eset Isis
Heru Horus

Nebt-Hut — Nephthys

Sutekh Set

Akhet "The Horizon," the Sphinx
Amn Amon or Amun

Khem Egypt

WU

coatebatebatchanebanenansnenanananchany


the Rising Sun, the sun god's political supremacy became so
important that the priests sought to associate the sun with their
vision of the divine.

The god Osiris took on a different role, however. Upon his
mythical death at the hands of his brother Set, he descended
into the underworld. Isis returned him to life, and his brother
murdered him again. His power became symbolic of eternal life
and resurrection. Unlike the inaccessible sun god, whose power
and praise was reserved for the Pharaoh and his
family alone, the blessings of Osiris
were available to anyone who
lived according to the
principlesofMa'at, the
concept of cosmic
order, named after
the goddess of
truth. Osiris
awaited the faith-
ful in the
underworld,
standing at the
side of Ma'at her-
self. The
deceased's heart
was weighed for
sin where the
judges awaited
him and his so-
called "negative
confessions."

Even the
concept of nega-
tive confessions
wasaresult of be-
liefs that
developedduring
the Egyptian his-
torical period
known as the
Middle Kingdom
(2040-1640
BCE). Some
worshipers
thought that,
through proper
spellsand denials,
one could poten-
tially fool the Judges
of Ma'at and pass into
A'aru, the heavenly Fields of
Reeds. In the
Egyptianculture,

the immensely powerful fear of death and desire for eternal
existence led to Osiris becoming one of the most popular gods.
Although the priesthood of Ra did not feel threatened enough
to try to merge Osiris into the sun, other priesthoods were not
soconfident. The priests of Ptah during this time proposed Ptah-
Seker-Osiris, a tripartite god representing the three facets of the
universe: creation, stability and death.

The merging politics of divinity continued until the time
of Pharaoh Amenhotep IV, who changed the
state religion to the worship of one
godnamed Aten. Hissymbol
was a circle that repre-
sented both the sun.
and completion of
the universe.
Amenhotep's
effort — was
highly contro-
versial in its
time, and it
sparks debate
even
Amenhotep,
"The Chosen
of Amon,"
changed his
name to
Akhenaten,
"He Who is of
Service to
Aten," and his
stand against
the temples of
other — gods
mired Egypt of
the New King-
dom historical

now.

period in inter-
nal strife. The
priests were
outraged, and
they encour-
aged uprisings
against
Akhenaten.
Although he
maintained
power,
Akhenaten's reign
lasted only 18 years, and it
cessitated centralizing power
—a move that


inflicted great damage to the integrity of Egyptian governmen-
tothe throne, Akhenaten's
successor Horemhab declared that the king who had wor-
shipped but one god had never existed. Akhenaten's name was
struck from records as often as it was encountered.

tali Uponhi

Modern arguments about Aten concern the degree to
which Akhenaten really was monotheistic, as well as the
possible link between the god's worship and the rise of Judaic
monotheism in the region. It is difficult to find anyone who is
objective enough to decipher the clues left by history, and some
deny the possible link entirely. However, it is quite possible that
the "heretic Pharaoh" spawned the earliest known monotheis-
ticreligion upon whichall others have been founded. Certainly,
if one accepts that Akhenaten existed and that he considered
Aten to be the only true god, then the rest of historical record
is somewhat self-evident. Some religious scholars insist that the
Egyptian dynasties did not, in fact, span such a vast stretch of
history and that the evidence they left behind is either greatly

1 or misinterpreted lly by liars with
their own heretical agendas.

EGYPTIAN PANTHEON

In addition to the divine family of the Modeler and the
Lord of Life, the people of ancient Egypt worshiped a pantheon
of other gods of varying importance throughout the millennia.
Some of those gods were held over from animistic faiths that
preceded the Pharaonic era while others were imported from
other cultures. Many gods were worshipped over eons of Egyp-
tian history. Osiris, Set, Isis, Ma'at and Apophis are the central
players in Mummy's cosmology. Their influence is explored in
more detail throughout the book.

Anubis: Jackal-headed Anubis served as a messenger of
the gods, particularly in the Lands of the Dead. He was also a
primary mortuary god, connected with mummification rituals.
His wisdom in the matters of the dead is unmatched. His
position as god of the dead long preceded that of Osiris.
Interestingly, he is Osiris' son. Set's wife Nephthys seduced
Osiris and gave birth to Anubis, which further strengthened
Set's hatred of his brother. As Osiris rose to dominance later,

© Bes: The worship of the dwarf god Bes appears to have
come to Egypt from the southerly regions of Africa. His power
springs from the fact that he is so ugly that he frightens away
demons. Therefore, he was called upon to protect mothers
during childbirth and to protect children from evil creatures
who tried to curse the newborn. Bes was also invoked for a
blessing of luck. The god's grossly exaggerated phallus empha-
sized his connections with sexuality. The worship of Bes was
never as formally accepted as the great cults of Raand Osiris, but
he was beloved enough that even mortals suffering dwarfism
were held in high esteem.

© Geb: This god is the very earth upon which we walk, and,
according to most legends, he is the father of Osiris.

 Hathor: The worship of this goddess predated the times
of the First Dynasty, and each Egyptian queen was thought to be
the earthly incarnation of this godde:
dance, artisans and musicians, and she was associated with
happiness and respite from worldly woes. She supposedly even
danced before Ra when he was in despair. She was often

She was the patron of

pictured as a woman with the head of a cow,

© Imhotep: Originally the vizier and architect of the Third
Dynasty Pharaoh Djoser, this man designed the early pyramid
of Saqgara and crafted the engineering that would eventually
lead to the Great Pyramids of Giza. His accomplishments as
astrologer, physician and scientist were so impressive that a cult
arose around him upon his death. Followers deified him, pro-
claiming that he was really the son of the creator god Ptah.

© Isis: Known as the Queen of Heaven, Isis was the wife of
Osiris and mother of Horus. With Osiris, Isis brought civiliza-
tion to Egypt, bestowing the gifts of agriculture and medicine
upon mortals. She was considered the greatest sorcerer in the
universe, earning the label Weret-Hekau, or "Great Magic." Isis
en as the giver of life and of sustenance to the dead. She
was depicted variously as a woman with the symbol of a throne
on her head, wearing a vulture headdress, or wearing the solar

was

disk between a pair of horns.
* Khonsu: Always depicted as a young man with a royal
sidelock of hair, Khonsu is the god of the moon. Ancient lunar

calendarsals (him with time, so he is close to Thoth who

Anubis came to be thought of as a psycl , orcondi of
souls, in the underworld.

© Apophis: The Great Serpent was originally the primary
foe of the sun god Ra. He dwelled in the abyss, venturing forth
to pursue his goal of destroying the life-giving light. In the
World of Darkness, Apophis has grown very powerful, and his
struggle is not restricted to battling any single foe.

© Bast: This goddess is often depicted as a woman with the
head of a cat. She was particularly beloved in the city Bubastis. She
was a wild deity, conmecsed with secrets, granting great blessings to
th t d ly. One of the Judges of

Ma'atisrepute: herchild. Her worshir g
to the Egyptian idea that the cat was a holy animal.

‘onnected

records the passing of time. The two were often depicted playing
senet or some other game with legendary winnings at stake.

© Ma'at: Ma'at, the daughter of Ra and the wife of Thoth,
was an anthropomorphic personification of the concept of
truth, justice and cosmic order. Ma'at was represented as a tall
woman wearing an ostrich feather on her head. Some images
also showed her with a pair of wings attached to her arms. Her
symbols were the ostrich feather and the scales. The hieroglyph
for her name was likewise a feather. She presided over the
judgment of the dead by balancing her feather against the heart

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


of the deceased to determine whether he had led a pure and
honest life.

© Nephthys: The wife of Set, Nephthys became a special
protector of the dead, specifically the lungs of the deceased.
Early on, she seduced her brother Osiris and gave birth to their
child, Anubis. When Set killed Osiris, Nephthys helped Isis
resurrect her husband. Nephthys was depicted as a woman who
wore the symbol of her name, which comprised the hieroglyphs
for "neb" and "het." Her symbols were kites, crows, bones and
skulls.

© Nuit: Egyptian artwork represents this goddess as a
woman covered in stars, arched high above her husband Geb,
touching his earthly form only with the tips of her fingers and
toes. She protects the world from the darkness outside it and the
demons that lurk in that darkness.

* Osiris: The god of life and death, lord of the underworld
and judge of the dead, Osiris symbolized rebirth and eternal life,
in the livingand in the land itself. His brother Set murdered and
dismembered him, scattering the pieces across Egypt. After
gathering all but one of the pieces, Isis resurrected her husband.
Since he was still missing one portion of his body, Osiris
eventually descended to the underworld. As the first living
thing to die, Osiris became lord of the dead. By the period of the
Middle Kingdom, Osiris was likely the most widely worshipped
god in Egypt.

© Ra: TheEgypti d
disk moving across the sky, and he was proclaimed at other times to
be the father of the gods. Egyptians believed that he was the sun
sailing in a vessel across the heavens during the day and plunging
into the underworld at night, where he was assailed by the demon
Apophis who sought to bring eternal darkness to the world.

© Sekhmet: Sometimes called the Eye of Ra, this goddess
bore the head of a lioness, and Ra sent her out to destroy his
enemies. She was thought to ride with the Pharaoh into battle
taining fiery arrows of death upon his foes.

Set: The god of storms and violence, Set was represented
asaman with the head ofa large-eared animal, possibly adonkey
or an aardvark. He was identified with a number of animals,
including pigs, okapi and hippopotami. Set was long jealous of
his brother Osiris' rule over man, and he ultimately slew Osiris,
Osiris' son Horus took up the struggle against Set after Osiris
descended to rule the underworld

© Sobek: An ancientgod of the Faiyoum region, Sobek was
shown as a man with a crocodile head. He served as a sort of
bodyguard to various other gods, and he supposedly protected
the Pharaoh from all danger, especially malevolent magic.

© Thoth: The ibis-headed Thoth was revered for his
wisdom. Although some stories call hima child of Ra, others say
he created himself through the power of language, making him
the ultimate master of Hekau (words of power). Thoth's cult
center lay in Hermopolis, but he was worshipped throughout

Ve He |

Egypt as the scribe of the sods, teacher oft man onal inventor of
writing.

THEME AND MOOD

The overarching theme of Mummy: The Resurrection is
responsibility. Mortals are gifted with the power to change the
world around them in innumerable ways, yet they often spend
far too much time squandering their opportunities. Few people
have the drive to discover the purpose for which they're best
suited, and fewer still are perceptive enough to recognize it
when it does come along.

The resurrected souls of Mummy sce their purpose clearly.
They are confronted with the undeniable presence of the
Divine. They hear the words of the god of life, and they know
that with each death they must face judgment for their actions.
As long as they live, the Reborn are obligated to strive against
the hostile and sometimes overpowering forces of Apophis, all
the while striving to serve Ma'at and choose the correct path of
actionat every juncture. And those who hesitate toserve Osiris?
Ultimately they learn that even by refusing to decide, they still
have made a choice.

In addition, the very experience of resurrection involves
the chance for redemption. The Reborn are created from the
bodies of those who lie at the brink of death. They die briefly,
experiencing a grim vision of the underworld, and they receive
asecond chance totaste the fullness of life. Resurrection inspires
an intensity and zest for life that the individual never knew
before. This second chance, both for the mummy and for the
world, is the very embodiment of hope and a shot at redeeming
one's self.

The mood throughout Mummy: The Resurrection ex-
plores the resonance of duality, most notably between the
physical and the spiritual. The living world and the underworld
are equally important to all life. The sensuality inspired by the
resurrection is Osiris' way of reminding the Reborn constantly
of why they fight Apophis. For mummies, all sensation, physical
and emotional, is heightened. That which is sweet becomes
sweeter, and what is bitter becomes more bitter still. The
promise of living forever under the justice of Ma'at, therefore,
becomes that much more appealing, while the threat of an
eternity shaped by the horror that Apophis seeks to spread
becomes unspcakably appalling,

HOW TO USE THIS BOOK

This book provides you with everything you need in order
to create an immortal being with a new lease on life, who is
struggling against the unrelenting advance of corruption.
Mummy: The Resurrection is designed to work in conjunction
with any of White Wolf's core rulebooks that contain the basic
tules of the Storyteller system, such as Vampire: The Masquer-
ade or Mage: The Ascension.

INTRODUCTION: DEATH AND RESURRECTION

W WY

Nie WY

WW TY

Sree bea te ee tele cele eee en

Chapter One: Judgment in Heaven introduces the events
in the spiritual and physical world that have brought about the
resurrection of the dead in the hopes that they will be the world's
saviors.

Chapter Two: The Resurrected details the secrets of the
new mummies who seek the return of balance and truth in the
name of Osiris, the god of life, and Ma'at, the goddess of law.

Chapter Three: The Modeler gives youall of the rules you
need in order to create one of the Amenti.

Chapter Four: Words of Power reveals the powerful spells
and rituals taught to the Reborn by their tem-akh spirits.

Chapter Five: The Scales That Weigh contains systems
necessary for playing one of the Undying.

Chapter Six: The Lands of Faith introduces you to the
Middle Eastern World of Darkness

Chapter Seven: Secrets of the Scribe describes how to
evoke the feel of the Lands of Faith.

Chapter Eight: Serpents in the Garden describes crea-
tures and cults that stand against the Amenti and theirattempts
to restore Ma'at.

Appendix: Other Immortals details the Capacocha of
Mesoamerica and the Taoist immortals of the Far East.

LEXICON

A'aru, Fields of: A realm in Duat purported to be the
Egyptian equivalent ofheaven. After the destruction of Amenti,
surviving Egyptian spirits relocated here. Anubis guides spirits
who have been judged worthy of attaining paradise to this place
of rest.

Amenti: The former stronghold of the Egyptian dead,
destroyed by the Dja-akh. Also called the Dark Kingdom of
Sand. Recently, it has become the collective name of the
mummies created by spirits from that place.

Amkhat: "Corpse eater." One of a cult of mortals who eat
the flesh of humans and mummies to gain their strength and
power.

Apophis: The Great Serpent, enemy of Ma'at and Osiris,
that seeks to devour the sun. A terrible, corrupting influence on
all living things. Also called the Corrupter.

Apepnu: Another term for Children of Apophis.

Asekh-sen: "The reapers." Lesser Bane mummies with a
limited number of resurrections, created as agents of Apophis
and enemies of the Reborn.

ba: Inancient Egyptian culture, the portion of the soul that
journeys deep into the underworld.

Bane mummies: See Children of Apophis.

Cabiri (singular Cabirus): Mummies from Europe and
Asia Minor who were created with a variant of the old Spell of
Life.

vi

Children of Apophis: Servants of the corrupting force
known as Apophis, these creatures include those Bane mum-
mies created by Set as well as other minions like the Asekh-sen.
Also called Apepnu.

Code of Horus: The laws that guided Egyptian mummies
throughout the millennia.

Dja-akh: "Ghost storm." Dja-akh is the latest great cata-
clysm to tear through the Shadowlands, the uppermost portion
of the Lands of the Dead. It destroyed Amenti, and it still poses
a danger for travelers to Duat.

Duat: The underworld, realms of spirit where ghosts reside
and mummies go during their death cycles. Also called the
Lands of the Dead. See also Neter-khertet.

First Death: The ending of the First Life.

First Life: The time that the mummy's tem-akh spirit
spent on Earth in ancient Egypt.

Followers of Set: Vampires descended from Set; masters of
sin, temptation and degradation. Also known as Setites.

hamartia: Tragic flaw. The mortal's greatest failure, lost
opportunity or weakness during his Second Life. The hamartia
is often the key to knowing which tem-akh offers him the
chance for resurrection.

Hekau: Egyptian magical arts, now practiced solely by
mummie:

Horus: Son of Osiris and Isis, one of the first mummies.

Imkhu: Literally "revered." Refers to Horus and the loyal
Shemsu-heru who committed ritual suicide and were resur-
rected by the Children of Osiris using the new Spell of Life.

isfret: Chaos, darkness or disorder. That which exists in
the absence of Ma'at.

Isk lites:R i by.

de Egyptian

doned the Code of Horus.

Isis: Wife of Osiris and powerful sorceress. One of the
originators of the Spell of Life.

joining, the: The combining of a tem-akh spirit and a
recently deceased mortal host.

ka: The portion of the soul that remains in the vicinity of
the tomb to guard the body.

khaibit: The shadow portion of the soul responsible for
drive, desire and aggression, closely related to the ka.

khat: The physical body, which is left behind when the
spirit enters the underworld.

Khem: "The Black Land." Ancient Egypt, specifically
Lower Egypt, near the Nile Delta.

Kher-minu: "Tomb Watcher." The name given to mum-
mies with strong ka spirits.

Khri-habi: "Scroll-bearer." The title for mummies who
have strong ba spirits.

khu: The "shining." A psychic covering that surrounds the
mummy's body and spirit.


Lands of the Dead: See Duat.

Lands of Faith: All the lands within the boundaries of the
Web of Faith.

Lands of the Living: The physical world, inhabited by
living beings.

Ma'at: Cosmic order, justice and balance. Mummies be-
lieve that Ma'at has been overturned, and they seek to restore
it. The concept of Ma'at is embodied in a goddess of the same
name, who judges the souls of mummies in the underworld.

Mesektet: "Night Sun." The label applied to those mum-
mies with strong sahu spirits.

mummy: A human for whom death is only temporary;
after a period in the underworld, a mummy returns to the Lands
of the Living. Plural, mummies.

nehem-sen: "Saved one." The term given to the mortal
approached by the tem-akh upon his death and offered the
resurrection.

Neter-khertet: Egyptian name for the uppermost layer of
the underworld that echoes the living world. Also referred to as
the Shadowlands. The region most grievously affected by the
Dja-akh.

Osiris: Egyptian ruler of the underworld. The first mummy
and originator of the Spell of Life. Osiris' spirit now resides
within the Web of Faith.

Reborn, the: Another name for mummies.

ren: The true name — a vital part of a person's existence
and soul.

Resurrected, the: Another name for mummies.

sahu: The spiritual body, an everlasting and eternal soul.

Sakhmu: "Spirit Scepter." The name given to those mum-
mies with strong khu spirits.

Sebayet: "Teachings." A body of literature that describes
the origins and goals of the Shemsu-heru.

Second Death: The ending of the Second Life.

Second Life: The life of a modern mortal host before the
joining. Also known as the life of the khat.

Sefekhis "Unbandaged One." The term for mummies with
powerful khaibits.

Sekhem: Power or life-force, similar in many ways to the
Chinese concept of chi.

semektet: The weakened state of a mummy with no
Sekhem remaining.

Set: Brother of Osiris and slave of Apophis. Set has been
the enemy of the Reborn since the time of Horus.

Setites: See Followers of Set.

Shanu-atiu: The inner circle of ghostly priests whowatched
over Osiris in the underworld city of Amenti. These holy spirits
taught the god's ancient commandments and interpreted the
words he spoke in his rare moments of lucidity.

Shemsu-heru: The Followers of Horus. Egyptian mum-
mies who follow the leadership of Horus and abide by his code.

Shroud, the: The barrier separating the Lands of the
Living from the Lands of the Dead.

Spell of Life, the: The magical formula that creates
mummies and gives them eternal life. Also known as the Great
Rite and the Spell (or Ritual) of Rebirth.

tem-akh: "Completing spirit." The incomplete spirits of
Amenti | the Dja-akh by Osiris and sent to join with
willing mortals to create mummies.

Third Life: A mummy's eternal life that begins after the
Great Rite.

Thoth: Egyptian god of knowledge and learning. Believed
to have taught magic to Isis.

true name: See ren.

Udja-sen: "Judged One." The term for mummies who lost
a portion of their soul in judgment by the Judges of Ma'at.

Undying, the: Another name for mummies.

Ve An object capable of storing Sekhem for later use.

: Administrator of the Shemsu-heru.

Web of Faith: A network of holy sites and Sekhem
(mystical energy) found throughout the Middle East. The Web
of Faith serves to house and sustain the spirit of Osiris.

SUGGESTED RESOURCES

Egyptian culture has fascinated outsiders for thousands of
years. A tremendous body of material exists that catalogs
millennia of history and myth. Some of these sources help
convey the mysticism and philosophy born in the cradle of
civilization that is the Middle East. Others are filled with the
flights of fancy that have kept storytellers busy late into the
night fortim orial. Asin mostexpl the Lands
of Faith, you will find that you are left with new questions for
every answer. Storytellers and players may find the sources
described here inspirational in more than one way.

WORLD OF DARKNESS
REFERENCES

Mummy: The Resurrection focuses on the lands of the
Middle East and acts as an introduction to them in the same
fashion that White Wolf's Kindred of the East focused the
spotlight on Asia. It sives! Storytellers and players the informa
lingwith theR

tion they need in order toplay,
who have returned to the Lands of Faith.

Mummy is a key sourcebook, not a stand-alone core
tulebook. As such, it does not contain all of the rules you need
to play the game. You will need a copy of one of the complete
game system books that White Wolf publishes. These core
tulebooks explain the basic rules of the Storyteller system used

INTRODUCTION: DEATH AND RESURRECTION

Ee EEA Te EG CE Ee ea sls Celeb


Mi itr " ig vo

in roleplaying. Since mummies' strongest ties in the World of
Darkness are to immortal vampires, mystic sorcerers and the
restless dead, we recommend Vampire: The Masquerade,
Mage: The Ascension or Wraith: The Oblivion. Still, any
White Wolf core rulebook should do the trick.

For those who may wonder, Mummy: The Resurrection
is not simply a new edition of World of Darkness: Mummy.
This volume makes dramatic changes to the existing mummy
cosmology within the World of Darkness. The Amenti are a
new kind of Resurrected, distinct from the ancient immortals
who have been around for centuries. The appearance of the
Amenti in the World of Darkness causes a dramatic change in
influence and purpose for older mummies.

Mummy: The Resurrection is also the launch point for
the Year of the Scarab. This series of books details the Middle
East through the lens of each of the World of Darkness games.
Pick up books bearing the Year of the Scarab logo to see the
stories unfold.

BOOKS

NONFICTION

Ermest A. Wallis Budge wrote a number of books around
the turn of the century that are virtually the standard of
Egyptology. These texts include: The Mummy: A Handbook of
Egyptian Funerary Archaeology, Egyptian Religion, Egyptian Magic,
Egyptian Language: Easy Lessons in Egyptian Hieroglyphics and
The Book of the Dead.

Bob Brier, Ancient Egyptian Magic, Encyclopedia of Mum-

mies— Brierandateam ofscient Ja human corpse

religious text so important it eventually became standard to
include it in every tomb. Translations are easy to find, and the
early concepts of a benevolent god who is the source of eternal
life and the Resurrection are impossible to miss.

FICTION

Arabian Nights — The classic collection of 1001 stories
including the famous tales of Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves
and Aladdin and the Lamp. The ubiquitous expurgated version
is often thought of as a collection of children's stories, but the
unexpurgated version, originally translated by Sir Richard
Burton, has some pretty racy parts.

Agatha Christie, Death Comes as the End — Murder
mystery set in ancient Egypt.

Anne Rice, Mummy: Ramses the Damned — Although the
novel is practically a porn fantasy about Cleopatra, it does have
a strong World of Darkness feel. The brutality of the flawed
Cleopatra is a good model for Bane mummies or those who stray
too far from the path of balance and justice.

Bram Stoker, The Jewel of the Seven Stars — The author of
Dracula writes about ancient Egypt.

MOVIES

Hollywood has never given mummies the life they breathe
into other horror genres' monsters. Normally the mummy is a
shambling, virtually mindless killing machine. The plot almost
always involves archaeologists or villainous cultists opening a
tomb that is better left alone or intentionally animating the mad

creature. Therefore, most of the mummy movies far are better

according to ancient Egyptian practices in 1994 in Maryland.
Samuel A. B. Mercer, Egyptian Hieroglyphs, A Study of the
Ancient Language — This book contains lessons on the language
including verb conjugation.
Stéphane Rossini, Egyptian Hieroglyphics: How to Read and
Write Them— A really good guide to doing exactly what it says.
Gaston Maspero, Popular Stories of Ancient Egypt — This
collection gives Egyptian folk tales as told during ancient times.
Bill Manley, The Penguin Historical Atlas of Ancient Egypt—
Thistextis valuable fori erous color maps of v: sstate:
of Egyptian history, including religious sites and famous battles.

RELIGIOUS TEXTS

It is impossible to study the lands of faith without studying
at least some of the ancient scriptures that come from those
faiths. The Bible anda number of apocryphal testaments tell the
stories that compose the Christian mythology. Judaism simi-
larly possesses a diverse number of texts, of which the Torah is
the most important. Islam continues to be the dominant faith
of the Middle East in the modern age, and its highest holy book
is the Koran. The Book of the Dead is an ancient Egyptian

amples of what can go wrong with the resurrection than they
are of how to play a mummy.

The Mummy, Universal 1932 — the movie that put the
mummy in the horror genre along with Dracula, Frankenstein
and the Wolfman. Boris Karloff's character is closer to the
game's conception of a mummy than most of them.

The Mummy's Hand, The Mummy's Tomb, The Mummy's
Ghost, The Mummy's Curse, Universal, 1940-1944 —sequels to
The Mummy that perpetuated an ever more mindless killing
machine. The culmination of this degeneration came in the
form of Abbott and Costello Meet the Mummy in 1945.

Blood From the Mummy's Tomb, Hammer 1971 — This
Hammer movie was loosely based on Bram Stoker's The Jewel of
the Seven Stars.

The Awakening, Solo/Orion/EMI 1980 — another adapta-
tion of Stoker's novel with Charlton Heston as the crazed
archaeologist trying to restore an Egyptian queen to life.

The Mummy, Universal 1999 — starring Brendan Fraser,
the movie brings modern special effects to an adaptation of the
1932 mummy movie. The movie's tone isn't always consistent,
butthe fun, fast-paced action isreminiscent of the Indiana Jones

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

Lebebeis i labebe cece :

We

ime


movies. The sets are magnificent, although certain errors may
bug purists.

Lawrence of Arabia, Columbia Pictures— It'snotamummy
movie, but this epic story brings the Middle East to life in a
larger-than-life tale.

Aladdin, Disney — Okay, so it's acartoon. Itstill evokes the
grandeur and mystique of Arabia.

Prince of Egypt, Dreamworks — The epic of Moses and
Exodus told by the light of movie animation.

The Land of the Pharaohs — There are no walking
around in this movie, but it givesa tale of lust for power that ends
with a surprisingly ironic twist. The movie was filmed on site
and the panoramas are spectacular.

Cleopatra — The tale of one of the most famous Egyptians
of all time, played by the exquisite young Elizabeth Taylor.

Cleopatra — Another version was made as a mini-series in
1999, It is actually better done, despite not having the Holly-
wood legends acting in it.

The TenCi di The classi ieofM d
the Exodus starring Charlton Heston.

Stargate — The movie presents an odd slant on the Egypt
mystery, but it is entertaining, and it has sets that may provide
the Storyteller with inspiration.

TELEVISION

10,000 Mummies — Another of FOX's famous "dig it up on
camera" style documentaries ran May 2000 and covered one of
the newly found great troves of Egypt.

Arabian Nights — In early 2000, ABC ran a big-budget
miniseries adaptation of the classic of Middle Eastern literature.
The love story between the Sultan and Shohrazad was well

done, a
y

in the stories are amusing.

MUSIC

Peter Gabriel's Passion (Album/CD) — Soundtrack for
The Last Temptation of Christ. The exotic, Eastern ambience it
instills is inspirational.

Stileyman the Magnificent (Album/CD) Celestial Harmo-
nies — This CD is the soundtrack to a movie about the sultan
Siileyman who ruled Turkey from 1520-1566. The music is

Turkish, but it does a good " of aout ite feel of the Lands
of Faith.

Rai music is a type of Arabic rock that became popular in
the early '80s in France and Algeria and spread from there. It
combines traditional Arabic music with rebellious lyrics and a
tock beat. Consequently, it's about as popular among staunch
Muslims as the Sex Pistols or Revolting Cocks are among
Mormons. For a good introduction to rai, check out Kutché by
Cheb Khaled and Safy Boutella, or Let Me Rai by Cheb Mami.

The list of good contemporary Arabic rock and dance
music is extensive. Amina, Khaled, Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan,
Ofra Haza and many others put out lots of exotic music (or music
that sounds exotic to the Western ear) that works well as
background music for Mummy or Year of the Scarab games.

THE REST OF THE WORLD

For decades it was easy to find relatively large Egyptian
displays in any decent sized American museum. It's getting
harder these days. Political climates change, and many muse-
ums have adopted a different approach to displaying Egyptian
antiquities. Many museums, for example, have made the deci-
sion to remove all public showings of the dead. Paul N. Perrot,
Director of the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts, recently ex-
plained the new policy this way: "In the Director's opinion, it is
time that we recognize the unity of the family of man. Since we
are not ready to submit our own direct ancestors to this kind of
exposure, we should have the same reluctance to do so for those
of foreign origin, even from a distant past."

At the same time, Internet technology has made informa-
tion extremely easy to come by.

The Egyptian Ministry of Tourism (http://touregypt.net)
maintains an extensive resource on its country and its history
online. The site exists largely to promote tourism, of course, but
it is filled with an amazing wealth of information.

Most major museums have some hint online of their
Egyptian exhibits. Universities are good resources, too, and a
fewactually have Egyptian exhibits in addition to their libraries.
The University of Richmond, for example, has asingle mummy
with the odd history of once having been thrown away in a
dumpster.

Obviously, the greatest resource for Egypt is the nation
itself. Perhaps in playing a mummy you will find yourself drawn
to the ancient land to see it for yourself.

INTRODUCTION: DEATH AND RESURRECTION


\

{DID NOT DREAM IT, THIS POST-MORTEM MIRAGE, THIS STRANGE WAKING NIGHT- |
MARE OF DYING AND' GOING TO TH€ HELL OF SAND.

UNTIL MOMENTS AGO, | WAS A CORPSE. NOT ONE OF THOSE LAW-ABIDING, QUIETLY
DEAD CORPSES, ALAS, BUT ONE OF THOSE CHEEKY CORPSES THAT RUDELY MOVES ABOUT.
FROM MANCHESTER, ENGLAND TO SOMEWHERE IN ARABIA, TO BE SPECIFIC.

UNTIL MOMENTS AGO, | THOUGHT— HOPED, IN FACT—-THAT THIS WAS SOME STRANGE
SHUT-DOWN PROC€55 THAT MY BRAIN WENT THROUGH AS IT SLOWLY DIED FROM WHAT
I'D INTENDED TO BE A FATAL OVERDOSE OF SMACK. | COULDN'T COME UP WITH ANY
OTHER €XPLANATION FOR WHY | WAS NAKED IN A SARCOPHAGUS ZURROMNE SP bY A
BUNCH OF €XTRAS FROM A BIG-BUDGET REMAKE OF CLEOPATRA. i

ASI LAY THERE, THESE PEOPLE, THESE ACTORS, WEARING SILLY CHEAP ROBES, WALKED
AROUND THE TABLE, CHANTING AND TOUCHING M€.IN THE MOST INAPPROPRIATE
FASHION. IN AN ODD SORT OF WAY, IT FELT AS THOUGH THEY WERE CONNECTING METO
SOMETHING, OR SOMETHING TO ME. 1 LIKED IT.

HOOK Mé€ UP BOYS. WHATEVER IT 15, | WANT MORE OF IT.

PERHAPS, | THOUGHT, THIS 1 JUST HOW MY MIND 19 INTERPRETING DOCTORS;
DOCTORS WHO WERE AROUND ME IN SOME HOSPITAL BACK IN MANCHESTER, DOCTORS
WHO WERE TRYING TO RESURRECT ME FROM MY LITTLE $€LF-INDUCED DEMISE. BUT THEN
| THOUGHT, "NO, THATS NOT MY MIND." MY MIND WAS N€VER REALLY ALL THAT
CREATIVE, EXCEPT WHEN IT CAME TO GETTING SMACK, IN WHICH CASE.L.WAS A REGULAR
FUCKING PICAS50.

$0 THEN, AS IF TO SIGNAL AN €ND TO ALL THAT TOUCHING BUSINE55, MY BODY
S€IZED UP IN A BIG CLENCH: SCRUNCHED-UP FACE, CLENCHED FEET AND FISTS, TIGHT
BELLY -TH€ WORKS. RIGOR MORTI5? BLOODY SPLENDIDI FINALLY, | THOUGHT, | G<€T TO DI€
AND THIS WEIRD B-MOVIE IMAGERY WILL FADE TO BLACK.

AU CONTRAIRE.
+ WHEN TI RELAXED FROM THE CLENCH, | FELT MORE ALIVE THAN I'D BEEN IN YEARS, OR
POSSIBLY EVER, THEY COVERED ME IN A SHEET OF COARSE PERFUMED LINEN, AND THE
CHANTING WENT QUIET, WHICH WAS FINE BY ME, SINCE IT WAS STARTING TO GET ON MY
NERVES A BIT.

AS 1 LAY THERE, WRAPPED IN LINEN THAT WAS FRAGRANT WITH C€DAR WOOD AND
AMBER, MY MIND CAME BACK TO ME AT LAST, THOUGH STILL FILLED WITH IMAGES THAT
COULD ONLY BE FROM AN €GYPT THAT HASN'T €XISTED FOR THREE MILLENNIA. THEN |
FELT... SOMETHING. | WAS MORE THAN ME NOW. | WAS STILL CURTIS MOORE - RENTBOY,
JUNKIE AND S€LF-LOATHING WANKER - BUT NOW THERE WAS A BIT OF ME THAT WAS
N€FARKA, GUARDIAN OF TH€ DEAD AS WELL. | WAS AN US NOW. OR WE WERE ME.
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.

BENCATH THE SHEET, T HALLUCINATED LIK€ A BERKELEY HIPPIE. | SAW SOME BIRD
MAKING SANDALS, ONLY SHE WAS DOING IT THREE THOUSAND YEARS AGO: | SAW PALM
TREES AROUND THE SPHINX, NOT TO MENTION A NOSE ON THE BUGGER'S FACE. FEELINGS
SURGED THROUGH Mé, LOTS OF THEM. | LAUGHED AND CRIED ALTERNATELY. THE VERY
ODD COLLECTION OF ACTORS AND LUNATICS AROUND ME MUST HAVE THOUGHT | WAS
AT LEAST AS MAD AS THEY AS | LAY THERE, CHUCKLING, WEEPING AND REVIEWING THE
FOLLY OF MY LIFE FROM AN ENTIRELY NEW PERSPECTIVE, THE PERSPECTIVE OF THE
LIVING. | HADN'T $€€N- THE WORLD THROUGH THOSE LENSES IN AT LEAST FIVE SMACK-
STUNTED YEARS.

JUST WHEN | <AME TO THE REALIZATION THAT | WAS HAPPIER ALive THAN DEAD,
THEY UNWRAPPED ME FROM MY FRAGRANT LITTLE LINEN N€ST AND THIS BLOKE WHO'D
BEEN LEADING THE WHOLE TOUCHING AND CHANTING BUSINESS LOOKED RIGHT AT ME
AND SMILED. j

"GREETINGS, CURTIS AB-NEFARKA. YOU BlgD AND WERS CHOSEN FOR THE RESURRECTION.

<LCOME TO IMMORTALITY."


eB
ae

lg20-

DEATH IS A PUNISHMENT TO SOME.
TO SOME A GIFT.
AND TO MANY A FAVOR

— LUCIUS ANNAEUS SENECA, "THE YOUNGER"

DEATH AND THE SOUL

An Amenti, a mummy of the current day, is a blend of
ancient and modern spirit. These two components become
asingle soul ina mortal body in which the modern spirit once
dwelled alone. Given the gift of life, this new entity is
charged with a mission to restore balance in a world that is
succumbing all too rapidly to the depredations of corruption.

That mortal is the most important element of the
resurrection. Without a suitable host, the powerful tem-akh
(or completing spirit) and even the wondrous ceremony that
bestows eternal life are as nothing. Conversely, the resurrec-
tion is about more than restoring life to a corpse. It is the
granting of new life, new insights and new power.

Such redemption can only be given to the fallen. A
person standing comfortably on the shore cannot be saved
from drowning. The soul of a contented, functional indi-
vidual is not a candidate for rebirth. Even if she dies early in
life, that fortunate individual has achieved some measure of
balance — or Ma'at — in her lifetime. Her well-balanced
and healthy soul possesses no wound to be healed. It is the

injured soul, the incomplete soul, the troubled soul that the
tem-akh amends. The Egyptians call the mortal's tragic flaw
hamartia. The hamartia is a weakness that kept her from
achieving her dreams and being happy in life. She might have
suffered from heroin addiction. She may have been too timid
to defend herself when her lover beat her. She might have
manipulated others for her own gratification, or she may
have been so weak-willed that she conformed to others'
wishes instead of striking out on her own. Criminals, psychi-
atric patients, addicts of all types, masochists and martyrs,
the desperate and the despairing all have souls that cry out for
completion and redemption. That which is not in harmony
with Ma'at calls out to have its wounds healed, its flaws
mended and its imbalance redressed. The nature of the
mortal's hamartia determines which tem-akh is likely to
merge with her soul during the resurrection.

The Egyptian completing spirit, or tem-akh, can sense
the imbalance of the mortal's soul. Each tem-akh is a shard
of an old and powerful Egyptian spirit. It is all that remains
of an ancient soul, the strongest portion of a once-complete
being. It is only by virtue of that strength that the tem-akh
survived the vortex of the recent ghost storm. The black

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


easier

wet

clouds of Apophis scoured ancient souls, tearing them to
shreds. The tattered bits that remained found that they could
not exist for long in that reduced and damaged condition.
Therefore, the ancient spirits sought to join with modern
souls. Their god Osiris commanded them to seek out those
who are about to die who could be mended by the noble souls
of Amenti. In his divine wisdom, the god of life foresaw that
aunion between the two would save the withering Egyptian
souls and perfect the suffering spirits of the newly dead. The
united soul created in this fashion would become a powerful
tool in restoring the principles of Ma'at.

Once the tattered tem-akh finds a partner whose weak-
nesses she may shore up, the ghostly fragment waits across
the Shroud between worlds for the mortal's death. The
ghostly ability to sense the imminence of death allows the
spirit fragment to choose from those who are soon to die,
before the tem-akh itself fades into oblivion.

THE JOINING

The soul of the newly dead leaves her body, covered by
an ectoplasmic placenta called a khu, or caul. This ps
wrapping protects the spirit from the trauma of crossing the
Shroud, the barrier separating the physical and spiritual

worlds. Inside the khu is a calming netherspace in which the
soul rests during its journey from life to death. While within
the caul, a ghost remains linked to its dead body. Once it
crosses the Shroud, however, the soul normally tries to break
free of the khu and continue its journey deeper into the
underworld. At the moment of death, the Egyptian spirit
approaches, piercing the ectoplasmic cocoon before the
mortal's soul can tear itself loose. Within the timeless
embrace of the khu, the tem-akh reveals to the newly dead
its chance for rebirth.

The nature of this encounter varies depending on how
confused or terrified the mortal spirit is and how articulate or
The deceased's
religious, superstitious or scientific beliefs can also play a part
in the outcome. A person who denied the concept of a soul
in life may be incapable of coping with evidence of a spirit
now. In his denial, such a person becomes an unwilling
audience rather than an active participant in the encounter.
A dyed-in-the-wool adherent of a particular faith might
become confused by a spirit that "breaks the rules" of her
personal cosmology, making any post-mortem meeting one-
sided and baffling. Even when the new soul is receptive, the
four-millennium time gap between the respective spirits' life
experiences makes initial contact difficult. Luckily, the
khu'scalming influence typically soothes both parties enough
to communicate. The souls speak the seemingly universal
language of death, so miscommunications typically arise
from cultural, not linguistic, differences.

intimidating the fragmented Egyptian spirit i

By supplementing its words with empathic imagery, the
tem-akh explains clearly what it proposes: resurrection and
asecond chance. If the deceased refuses the union, the tem-
akh departs the khu and resumes its search, leaving the
recently dead to face the dangers of the storm-tossed Duat
alone. A newly dead soul may spurn resurrection for any
number of reasons. A suicide victim may be disappointed
that she has not escaped her pain in oblivion. A pious
individual may find that the Egyptian spirit's appearance is
uncomfortably different from what she had expected, and
she may suspect some sort of evil influence. A tired soul may
find that the promise of immortality just holds no allure.
Regardless of the reason, the two spirits must join voluntar-
ily. A simple refusal is enough to prevent the union.

Osiris' children choose well those individuals who hunger
forasecond chance but who lacked the strength toachieve their
dreams in the Second Life. So most often, the deceased leaps at
the opportunity for redemption. Once the union is accepted,
the tem-akh tears away that portion of the new soul that is most
flawed. The departed feels agony for a moment; then, like a
missing puzzle piece, the ancient Egyptian soul fragment slips
into the hole itcreated and perfects the flawed being with which
it joins. It is for this reason that the spirit remnant is called the
completing spirit (tem-akh) and the mortal is called the saved
one (nehem-sen).

THE HAD)

This joining is only the beginning of a difficult struggle
that the hopeful mummy faces. Although the two souls have
become as one, the body lies dead as the khu slowly loses its
connection to the corpse. With strength born of necessity,
the tem-akh forces its new dual spirit back across the Shroud.
Cleaving through the barrier between worlds tears open the
khu. Without the caul to soothe the trauma of its recent
death or protect against the spiritual pain of crossing the
realms, all but the strongest nehem-sen curl into psychic
hibernation. Only due to its millennia weathering the tra-
vails of the underworld does the tem-akh have the strength
to retain its gt on consciousness.

With a tremendous surge of will and spiritual energy, the
tem-akh restores the corpse to some semblance of wholeness
and brings it lurching to its feet. While the modern soul is still
traumatized, the desperate ancient spirit struggles alone to take
the animated corpse from the site of its death to a place that
shines like a beacon: the Lands of Faith. It must do so ina world
that has changed drastically from the ancient homeland it once
knew. Furthermore, the completing spirit knows that it must
reach the Lands of Faith within the traditional funerary period
of 70 days, lest the body it animates begin to rot and the Spell
of Life be rendered useless.

Thus begins the hajj, or pilgrimage. For the recent
decedent, this journey is both spiritual and mental. Slipping

CHAPTER ONE: JUDGMENT IN HEAVEN


in and out of awareness, she strives to come to terms with her
death. Yet more difficult, perhaps, is the slow process of
assimilating — and being assimilated by — another spirit.
For the tem-akh, the trip is arduous on every front. Just as the
modern soul must reach some sort of equilibrium with its new
partner, so must the completing spirit. The ancient Egyptian
shard must also navigate a walking corpse through a world
made alien by the passage of millennia. With no active life
force, the tem-akh must hold its vessel together with sheer
will, sealing gaping wounds and meshing shattered bones as
best it can with no actual ability to heal. Extreme language
barriers often exist, and the circumstances surrounding the
deceased's death may complicate matters further yet. A
mortal who died of exposure in the wilds of Canada can begin
its journey much more easily than a person who fell during
a shootout with the Hong Kong police.

Still, being a walking corpse can work to the tem-akh's
advantage. Normal humans cannot bear the sight of a dead
body rising up. They cannot quite grip the idea of something
that is clearly not alive yet which moves nonetheless. Wit-
nessing such a thing is enough to plunge even the most
stalwart man or woman into a state of trembling paralysis or
frantic rationalization. Down the road, though, such a strik-
ing public exit can cause difficulties if the mummy ever
returns to its old stomping grounds.

The fact that enemies exist who seek to destroy any
Amenti they stumble across complicates matters further.
Some mortals, who are disturbed by the mere prospect of the
dead walking the Earth to perform who knows what manner
of evil, hunt mummies. More knowledgeable and antagonis-
tic minions of Apophis, such as the Asekh-sen and Amkhat,
wish to destroy the Amenti before they can undergo the
Spell of Life. Fending off or escaping foes isn't always
sufficient, either, since craftier enemies are content to track
the desperate animated corpse to its final destination in
hopes of destroying an entire group.

THE SPELL OF LIFE

Assuming that the tem-akh manages to bring its new
body back to the Lands of Faith, one task remains. It must
find those mortals who are loyal to Osiris and who will
perform the actual ritual that returns the departed to life.
This ritual is called variously the Spell of Life, the Rite of
Rebirth or simply the Great Rite. Luckily, this search is a
two-way street. The tem-akh knows to search for a cult that
possesses the necessary mystical knowledge. Likewise, vari-
ous cults of Isis, Osiris and others know through oracular
foresights that the Amenti is coming. The resurrection cults
usually have the faith, persistence and knowledge necessary
to find and aid the tem-akh. Once acolytes have met the
deceased and brought it to a ritual site in the Web of Faith,
the Spell of Life begins.

HORRORS OF THE SUPERNATURAL

The vast majority-of mortals in the World of Dark"?
ness go through life with no idea that the supernatural a
exists: Many of the select few mortals who know the truth
do their best to forget that they ever encountered any-.*
thing out of the ordinary.

When a mortal faces a supernatural being stripped of
the guise that it normally wears in the mundane world,
the person is afflicted with a kind of temporary insanity.
This brief condition goes by many names — suffering
delirium, becoming lost in the fog, stripping away the veil
— but the result is effectively the same. The mortal
becomes hysterical, has a fit or a seizure, flees the scene or
simply ignores her surroundings as if nothing were out of
the ordinary. This delirium passes when the supernatural
presence leaves the area, and it leaves the mortal dazed ie
and confused about what just transpired. i!

Some debate goes on in paranormal circles as to: 2
whether this effect is a kind of defensive camouflage that
supernatural creatures generate themselves, or if it is"
instead a kind of psychic safety valve that protects mor-
tals from insights that they were not meant to receive. 42

Regardless of its origin, this so-called fog helps keep "
the activities of the preternatural hidden from public
view, for good or ill. See "The Veil" in Chapter Five (p.
140), for specifics on, this phenomenon.

Each cult varies the particulars of the ritual a bit, but all
embalm the corpse according to ancient Egyptian mummifica-
tion practices. The body is soaked into natron for preservation.
Then the internal organs are removed and placed into canopic
jars. Finally the corpse is wrapped in bandages that are inscribed
with lengthy spells of life and prote

As these steps occur in the physical world, Anubis leads
the joined spirit before the Judges of Ma'at. In Egyptian
tradition, the judges weigh the joined soul's ab, or heart,
against the feather of Ma'at. This test determines the spirit's
worthiness to become a mummy, to rise again and join the
struggle to restore balance to the world. A joined soul that is
found wanting is cast away, and the body remains forever
dead. The spirit that passes the test returns to its body in the
physical world as the ritual is completed.

At the end of the ceremony, the tem-akh and the
nehem-sen merge completely. The body is fully healed and
restored to life. Once the miracle is complete, the cult
removes the bandages and ceremonial trappings. Usually
some sign remains which hints at the cause of death. In the
case of a Sefekhi, the entire body may be terribly scarred.
With the aid of the cult that bestowed the gift of the Third

ion.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


1 Life upon her, the mummy begins her new life as a chosen daunting. Not surprisingly, most mummies prefer to remain
instrument of Osiris. near the Web of Faith, and those who venture into the rest

of the world return frequently.
THE PRICE OF ETERNITY
Although she is possessed of great power and eternal BALANCING THE HEART

life, the Amenti is not without limitations. Although she is It can be difficult fora mummy to express what it is like
immortal, a mummy can be slain. Her body falls dead, and to become one of the Undying. The adjustment to a new
her spirit enters the underworld. Only aftergatheringenough existence is not the same for each mummy. Each of the
i Sekhem (i.e., spiritual power) can the soul re- ancient Egyptian tem-akh spirits spent thou-
turn to its body and rise to life again. sands of years in the afterlife, and
Furthermore, the energy that this existence bestowed upon
the Amenti uses to power those spirits an incred-
her mystic Hekau and ible collection of
sustain her physical knowledge and
form is drawn from memories. How-
the very Web of ever, the Amenti
Faith that gave her inherits only a
life. Some say that fraction of the el-
this Sekhem actu- der spirit's
1 ally comes from knowledge, since
Osiris as he cur- the rest of the
rently resides venerable spirit
within the Web. was lost to the
Whileshe is within scouring winds of
the great geo- the Dja-akh. A
graphic area that great warrior may
the Web of Faith have also been a
covers, a mummy
can tap into its
powereasily. How-
ever, the Amenti
must rely on her
own internal re-
serve of Sekhem if
she leaves the re-
gion, or she must
draw upon a relic
infused with the
energy. The
mummy's personal
Sekhem doesn't
‘ last long with inju-
dicious use, and
so-called "Sekhem
batteries" are ex-
ceedingly rare.
The prospect of
being caught by the
enemies of Ma'at with-
out such a powerful spiritual
safety net is

sage andascholar,
but if only his
khaibit survived
the ghost storm,
he may provide
the Amenti with
only the martial
and survival skills
that he possessed
in his First Life.
Regardless of
which aspect of
the ancient Egyp-
tian soul the
tem-akh repre-
sents, the strength
and purity of the
union of ancient
and modern souls
may vary. Some-
times the fusion of
ages-old memories with
a current mind is seamless.
More often, some cul-

CHAPTER ONE: JUDGMENT IN HEAVEN

BEDE PS Pe DG DE Pe Pa ped Pe Dab Pe bo od be eae Deora pete papers


tural distinctions are too dramatic to allow for a faultless
bonding. To aid with the union and preserve the Amenti's
mutual consciousness, each spirit instinctively submerges
those memories from its respective life that may disturb its
fellow soul. The nehem-sen may have lusted after her brother
secretly during the Second Life, yet an incestuous relation-
ship was perfectly acceptable in ancient Egyptian culture. To
spare the modern soul fresh pangs of guilt, the tem-akh
instinctively buries the memories of its own marriage to a
sibling. Similarly, the two portions compromise somewhat
in the areas of intellect and personality. A fragment of genius
could inspire a dim-witted jock while a bright scientist might
be distracted by the khaibit's fairly simplistic drive.

Despite these adjustments, the modern soul remains
dominant in the joining. Admittedly, the flawed and weak
portion of the nehem-sen is burned away to make room for
the tem-akh. Although she cannot boast millennia of memo-
ries, a far larger proportion of her being makes up the mix of
spirits. The union is akin to the relationship that the average
mortal has with her conscience. The tem-akh is a part of the
whole. It possesses a somewhat different outlook, but it is still
indivisible. The ancient tem-akh takes the same role it led in
its former life, reflecting only one part of a personality. In this
fashion, a khaibit typically settles deeply in the Resurrected's
subconscious and empowers the id with perfectly honed
battle instincts. A sahu, on the other hand, usually strength-
ens the conscience and promotes higher ethical thought.

Still, the Egyptian spirit may be so buried in some cases
that the modern mummy experiences it only as odd memo-
ries of a past life. A particularly scientific-minded individual
may refuse to believe that the tem-akh is anything other
thana facet of her mind. In rare instances, the two spirits may
be so distinct that they never truly join. Such fractured
Amenti rarely survive the initial Spell of Life. The Judges of
Ma'at extend their reach and send the tem-akh and the
nehem-sen to their respective resting-places.

THE AMENTI

To understand the nature of the Amenti, one must
recognize the Egyptian idea that nine parts represent an
individual's entire essence.

A person's true name, or ren, is an inherent part of her
being, and it may even be used to gain power over her. The
heart, or ab, is the center of consciousness. The Egyptians

dered the brain so that ion
practices often simply discarded it. The body, known as the
khat, is necessary for the mummy's eventual resurrection.
The remaining portions that comprise an individual are
spiritual. Spiritual energy called Sekhem — akin to the
notion of life force — flows through the soul and body. The
ka keeps careful watch over the body during death, protect-

ing it from harm. The ba travels into the spirit realms and .

returns only to help complete the rebirth. The khaibit
embodies the soul's darkness, aggression and hunger. The
sahu is the eternal, incorruptible portion of the soul that
dwells in the Egyptian heaven known as A'aru. The khu
surrounds the body and soul like a protective aura, serving to
fuse the material and spiritual elements.

Of these nine components of being, the ren, ab and
Sekhem reside within and define the body and soul alike.
The khat stays in the physical realm, of course. The remain-
ing five soul aspects exist within the khat, but they pass from
the corporal world upon the person's death.

Unfortunately for those Egyptian spirits in Duat, they
were vulnerable to the Dja-akh that swept the underworld at
the end of the millennium. The storm's spiritual devastation
ablated weak vital essences. Only the strongest spirit frag-
mentssurvived the ravages of the Dja-akh. Aggressive soldiers
and assassins left ‘only their khaibit to carry on their names
and consciousness. Talented cre ersons and inspired art-
siipecured only in the form of theirshining khu. Visionaries
and explorers survived as nothing more than their winged ba
spirits. Magicians and philosophers seeking perfection in
death, even as they had in life, disintegrated but for their
sahu. Vain souls and loyal bodyguards alike withstood the
onslaught only through their protective ka spirits.

Few, if any, souls of the underworld city of Amenti
survived in their entirety. Virtually every soul was shattered
and left incomplete. These spirit remnants lost the remain-
ing portions of their greater soul and drifted alone as never
before. Any chance the spirit pieces had to ever again join in
life was lost to the spirit storm's rage. Without the other
divisions of the spirit, resurrection was forever denied them.

DEAD MEN WALKING

Osiris' words reached the despairing spirit fragments as
they floated hopelessly in the turmoil, and the god-king
revealed to them a new hope. The tattered souls could still
achieve resurrection if they could find an appropriate living
soul with whom to bond. A mortal who died unfulfilled
would serve as a proper vessel for rebirth.

Although they were strong enough to survive the ghost
storm, the ancient spirits lacked the power to grant a corpse
life. For this purpose, Osiris called out to the remnants of the
mortal cults thar had long ago formed in worship to himself
and his sister-wife Isis. The ancient Cult of Isis survived into
the modern age. A broken group of the Children of Osiris
clung to forgotten secrets from their lord's rule as the First
Pharaoh. Osiris granted his living acolytes the knowledge
ary to revive the citizens of Amenti, the spirit city. As
each cult proved its loyalty, Osiris revealed the new Spell of
Life to them.

Not only do the ancient tem-akh need a living being to
perform the Great Rite, the ceremony must be held on the
sacred soil of Egypt. Inunderground tombsand the eldest temple

nece:

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

ow


"THE MANY-FACETED SOUL
'So what make ‘gyptians so special? Why do they
have multiple souls, if nobody else does? If you examine
the roles that each portion of the Egyptian being serves,
~-Zeach has a parallel within established World of Darkness
"cosmology, as set forth in Wraith: The Oblivion.
"The ka's behavior, standing guard over what is most:
-important to it, is reminiscent of the essences known in
the underworld as drones. The aura-like spiritual reso-
"nance of the khu-can be compared to the mystical
connection between the dead and the physical realm,
cand between material foci and magical effects. As the ba
"travels through the underworld to perform tasks that will
"bring resolution to its goals, it most closely resembles the
= central character type of Wraith, The khaibit's darkly
turbulent, conflictive and dangerous relationship, with
Sits other spirit aspects is echoed in how a Shadow acts as
"sa weaith's darker half. The sahu fits the concept of
"contact with a higher eidolon or the idea of an eternal
vrestin heaven.
*\ The roles of ren,Sekhem and khat remain relatively.
"unchanged regardless of which mystic cosmology is ap-
iplied: The distinctions are mainly restricted to'style'and
trappings. Only the question of the mythical superiority
f the-heart, rather than the head, as the seat of con-
‘ciousness remains.unanswered.

Some spiritual scholars in the World of Datkenead
suggest that modern beings may actually possess the
same divisions of soul expressed in Egyptian beliefs, but
x that they refuse to s¢e them. A drone might simply have

w lost the rest of his unrecognized being to dissolution. A
"ka spirit may be so dominant that the rest of the being
- falls under its will. ;

a
halls, the funerary practices of a dead kingdom were themselves
resurrected. Those dead spirits who stumbled into these shel-
ters, holding onto a failing body, were the recipients of the
perfected rites. Thenewlydead breathed again, joinednow with

ancient beings. The old souls looked upon the world around
them, alive for the first time in millennia.

As his followers rose in strength, Osiris began anew his
assault on the enemies of Ma'at.

THE QUEST FOR MA'AT

"Ma'at" translates simultaneously as truth, balance and
justice. In the World of Darkness, Ma'at is both a concept
and a deity. This godlike being represents one of the faces of
the divine order established by the Creator of all, known in
certain ancient Egyptian faiths as Amen-Ptah-Khenmu.

Mummies have sought this All-Father since their first so-
journs into Duat. Even the pure sahu who have returned
from the Fields of Paradise have found only his servants. The
eldest mummies, followers of Horus, say that even Anubis

y has not spoken of the All-Father in a very long time. In the
~ eyes of the faithful, only two beings know the divine will:

Osiris, as proven by his inviolable form during his millennia
upon the throne of Amenti, and Ma'at, due to her dominion
over the Judges of Balance. This case has been made even
stronger by the two deities' joint endowment of the resurrec-
tion. The fact that the god of life placed his own heart upon
the Scales of Ma'at more than once is not lost upon the
Resurrected. If the holy Osiris finds the divine order more
important than his own eternal life, so then must the
mummies to whom he grants new vitality.

There exist 42 beings, called simply the Judges of Ma'at,
who consider every soul that Anubis brings before them.
Souls that they find wanting are tossed to oblivion, while the
rest are allowed to carry on their duties in the underworld.
The Amenti do not know exactly who or what the Judges of
Maat are. Some think that they are noble spirits raised to
their position by the goddess Ma'at. Others suspect that they
may be the children of other gods performing the duties of
their divine parents. Regardless of their origins, the judges
have a sacred duty to pass judgment upon souls. Even the
eternal Amenti must face the Judges of Ma'at. Each time a
mummy is killed, her spirit journeys into the underworld and
stands before one of the judges. The Amenti must prove
herself worthy of retaining the gift of immortality before she
is allowed to return to her mortal form. A clever spirit might
trick some of the judges, but inevitably the Scales of Ma'at
discern the worthiness of all.

For more on the Judges of Ma'at and their role, see
Chapter Five.

* THE SCALES UNBALANCED

The hideous king of demons, the devourer, Apophis, has
always worked against the designs of Osiris. Since before the
first light of Ra shone in the sky, the Great Serpent sought to
plunge the world into darkness. When Osiris was born to the
earthly realm, the wrath of the serpent turned upon him. The
First Pharaoh banned the beast from the heart of man by
outlawing cannibalism and bringing the laws of Ma'at to the
Nile. Apophis seethed in anger and coiled about the under-
world, seeking to crush the life from creation. Its corruption
can be found in events as great as the murder of Osiris by his
brother Set and as minor as the siren song of drug addiction.
The serpent seeks to tilt the scales of Ma'at so far that all of
existence slips into its maw.

The servants of Apophis vary from the mighty to the
weak, and from the sadistic to the stupid. The dark god Set
declared first Egypt and then the whole world his domain,

CHAPTER ONE: JUDGMENT IN HEAVEN


and he acted as judge and executioner in the name of the
serpent. The Followers of Set, undead beings who feed
upon the blood of the living, slither through the shadow
of night like poison through a man's veins. Although they
now assert that their god wars against Apophis, the Resur-
rected believe that Set's children make such allegations
out of fear that the Great Serpent will shortly claim its due
from its wayward minion.

return to life as the Resurrected do, but they never come
before the Judges of Ma'at. Instead, these abominations draw
their power directly from Apophis. Worse, they have learned
how to raise lesser Bane spirits, or ifrit, within the bodies of
the dead in a mockery of the mummy canopic jar rituals.
These evil walking corpses are known as Asekh-sen, the
reapers. They hunt the followers of Osiris with a sinister
desperation. Adding to the roster of Apophis' vile minions
is the ancient Egyptian Amkhat cult. These horrid cannibals
feed upon the flesh of humankind and Amenti alike to gain
twisted power.

RESURRECTED FACTIONS

The spirit of Ma'at, the balance in life and nature, has
been overturned. Corruption extends even into the under-
world, triggering the recent ghost storm. Even the great
Egyptian ghost city, Amenti, could not stand against the
forces of oblivion. Only through the efforts of the god-king
Osiris did the shattered spirits of the Dark Kingdom of Sand
survive. With Osiris' awakening, the champions of Ma'at
marshal as they have not done in millennia.

Toaid in his followers' struggle against the corruption of
Apophis, Osiris has gifted his mortal worshipers with the gift
ofanew, more potent Spell of Life. The old priests of Isis and
Osiris attract new followers, and new organizations have
arisen to join the conflict. Since Osiris' will remains obscure,
these groups look for guidance from the new mummies whom.
they help create. Although the tem-akh spent centuries in
the presence of the Lord of Life, one must not mistake the
Resurrected for robotic servants to Osiris. In fact, some
worshipers claim that rival groups have corrupted their god-
king's desires in favor of their own agendas. Most groups
agree to fight to restore Ma'at to the world, even if they
disagree on just how to accomplish it.

THE TIES OF FAITH

The modern remnants of the ancient cults have inher-
ited a wealth of wisdom and mystical power from the spiritual
teachings of Isis and her divine husband. From the height of
their power during the dynastic periods of Egyptian history
to their near destruction at the hands of the post-Ptolemaic
tulers, the cults have experienced everything from political
dominance to lethal persecution. They have walked with

gods and weathered the wrath of demons. Their teachings
have been spread so widely that they have reached into every
corner of Western occult, yet they also appear in cheap
paperback books and trashy romance novels.

Despite their ancient ties to the Shemsu-heru mummies
and other Egyptian mystics, the cults of Osiris and Isis slowly
crumbled like forgotten tombs in the desert. Every year,
secrets were lost as faith eroded in the winds of time. The god
and his sister faded into obscurity and legend. The cults
fragmented in petty arguments over temporal power. Some
cult members even turned to the embrace of the vampiric
followers of the dark god, Set. The cults were left without
direction, and they strayed from the path of Ma'at like lost
children. Apophis watched it all in satisfaction while Osiris
sat motionless on his throne.

When Osiris entered the Web of Faith to escape the
continuing rage of Apophis' ghost storm, the faithful sensed his
activity and rejoiced. The Lord of Life had not left them.
Scattered mystics returned with full conviction to the tenets of
time-shrouded practices. So great was Apophis' corrupting
influence, however, that not all believed the visions. Factions
of the modem sects caught up in material wealth and power
false prophets and cast them out.

Those who trusted the oracles' wisdom listened. Revela-
tions came as they had only in more godly times, when the
pious were revered. The most enlightened priests of Isis and
Children of Osiris returned to sites made holy in the dawn of
history. When the recently deceased came shambling, creep-
ing and rampaging back into the Holy Lands under the
guidance of the tem-akh spirits, the cults of Osiris and Isis
awaited them with open arms. The mortals had heard their
god-king's call, and they sought to help create the army of
eternal light that might defeat the coming darkness.

THE CULT OF ISIS

From the days of her descent to the earth, the goddess
Isis served as a mother figure for humanity. While her
brother-husband struggled with the duties of ruling a great
kingdom and protecting mankind from corruption, the god-
dess studied the mystic arts at the side of the god Thoth. Her
experience as mother, sister, magician and preserver of her
husband in death gifted Isis with great patience and made her
beloved of the populace. Before she died, Isis imparted her
wisdom to many of her worshippers.

The most faithful of these adherents kept the faith in
Egyptian gods alive for thousands of years. They protected
and served Isis' immortal son Horus and withstood the
ravenous depredations of the servants of Set. Unfortunately,
the passage of centuries diluted this faith. Wisdom faded,
and the Cult of Isis fell into disarray. The usurper, Set, nearly
destroyed the cult in the time of Cleopatra, and he even
managed to steal the precious original Spell of Life from

decried such se

LY: THE RESURRECTION

TOF

Ww YW

ghatsbate bide chanabaneostantanenanetanetd

Ww v


them. The cult barely survived this devastation, and the
same mummies that it had once helped create no longer
trusted it.

Ironically, the Romans' invasion of Egypt ensured the
survival of the sect. The Cult of Isis found new life as it spread
through the invaders' empire. Some cultists were concerned by
the reduction of Isis's teachings to mere sex rites in the transla-
tions of other cultures, but the potential to keep the name of the
goddess alive could not be ignored. Many fragments of the cult
broke away and forgot their heritage in all but name. Other
factions joined with Hermetic mystic societies and practiced
magic above any interest in the divine. As the decades passed,
the memories of Isis became clouded.

In the last decade of the 20th century, the Cult of Isis
became active again, after a fashion. Some members sought
out the spirits of ancient mummies adrift in the underworld,
in a desperate effort to return them to life. Others tried to
restore the lost Rite of Rebirth. Hints of these activities
spilled into the outside world, encouraging studies of
Egyptology at levels not seen since the beginning of the
century. This religious frenzy did not possess all members of
the cult, however. Blind to the supernatural, some branches
of the cult carried on fakery or political occultism. Others
held fast to sorcerous groups that those loyal to Osiris could
not trust. Some cults still harbored enmity toward Horus for
what they saw as millennia of treatment as bastard children.

As the new millennium neared, attuned cult members
who were still faithful to Osiris received visions of a future
that promised his return. They rushed to the Lands of Faith
to prepare, working frantically as hints of some calamity
filled them with dread. When the god of life spoke to the
cultists from the holy sites within the Web of Faith, small
groups were already prepared. As the Amenti began their
inexorable pilgrimage home, the Cult of Isis was on hand to
take up the role once held by the ancient mother goddess.

The Cult of Isis brings the Resurrected back to life using
the new Spell of Life. Its members view modern mummies as
the chosen of the gods, and they consider it their duty to
teach the Amenti the sorcery and mystical knowledge that
the tem-akh may have lost. Due to this assistance, the Isis
cultists are usually the most nurturing of groups for new
mummies. Most hope for some reward from the gods in
return, though. They see the Undying as representatives of
the divine, and they often expect favors for their role in
assisting the Resurrected.

Since they see those whom they resurrect as divine
blessings, the cultists are very protective of new Amenti.
This maternal tendency may express itself as jealousy and
guilt as the cult strives to direct the development of its
charge or as love and pride such as one would feel for a child's
accomplishments. This protective nature also leads the Cult
of Isis to dismiss other groups as dedicated but lacking any

real clue about what they're doing. Not surprisingly, such a
superior attitude doesn't endear the cultists to the Children
of Osiris or other groups.

CHILDREN OF OSIRIS

The eldest Children of Osiris claim that they were once
shill sohae the: Buropears call vaniplieybatanelent tines,
chéy fed ‘ipods huitnais to survive: When Ositis proclaimed an
end to cannibalism, some ghuls rebelled and were burned to
death by Ra's fury for their defiance. The surviving blood
demons slipped into the
ways, Then a wise hul named Kheamorrearnied from the'path
of darkness and cast himself before Osiris. The god-king looked

adows and carried on in their vile

* SALVATION IN THE NEW MILLENNIUM
The final days of the millennium rushed by as the
fevered doom-sayings of pessimists and Revelation
literalists reached their height. The beleaguered ghosts
that rested in the modern Egyptian underworld were
ravaged by the continuing cataclysm of the ghost storm.
The Cult of Isis, a mortal cult loyal to Osiris si
ancient times, struggled to turn back the fury of Apophis
before it tipped through the Shroud to cause untold
destruction to the living world. Months of rituals and
prayer bore little result.
NA Gar ilercedel ee 1

ince

of-the-millennium parties around the world. In Egypt,
the Ministry of Tourism planned an impressive festival...
surrounding the Sphinx and the Great Pyramids, de-
spite threats from Muslim extremists to, end the
ceremonies in bloodshed.

The priests of Isis realized that the grand celebration,
could provide the power to enact a protective ritual on a
massive scale. As the sunset upon the City of the Dead on.
the last day of the millennium, the priests led processions 3
into virtually every ancient shrine and temple in the area.
While the final moments of the millennium played out,
revelers celebrated with desperate abandon, and the Cult
of Isis enacted its secret ceremony.

Not only did the world survive the turn of the
millennium, the event passed almost anticlimactically
without violence or mishap. Mystics who are sensitive to
the underworld witnessed a notable subsidence in the *
roiling spiritual hurricane still threatening the dead. A
glimmer of hope shined through, and the Sphinx looked
forward to the coming of the Resurrected as the morning
sun rose. Despite the reprieve, surviving Shanu-atiu know
that the danger has not passed. They remember that each
ghost storm presages some great tragedy upon the earth.
They pray that the Rebom will prove to be saviors against
whatever evil awaits.

CHAPTER ONE JUDGMENT IN HEAVEN


into Khetamon's heart and saw that he truly wished to cease _ be to hold true to the dictums of Ma'at, Osiris tempered his
feasting upon the living, but that he could not. The First judgment with compassion. The god-king destroyed in gouts
Pharaoh blessed the repentant Khetamon and taught him how _ of solar fire those of his "children" who had served their
to fight against the corruption that lurked within his spirit. Itis darker natures — and thereby Apophis. Osiris made those
rumored that Osiris even let Khetamon drink his who had refrained from consuming hu-
blood for purification. Upon see- man blood and retained
ingthe god-king'smercy, other recognizably human values
blood demons sought re- into humans once more
demption for — with all of the con-
themselves. Since . comitant joys and
Osiris' strict religiousdis- iy j \ ‘ ge limitations.
cipline and deep 4 ‘ ‘ Gifted with the
philosophical teachings gave knowledge of the Great
them new meaning, the re- Rite, the newly mortal Chil-
pentant ghuls began to call dren of Osiris returned to the area
themselvesthe Children of Osiris. of Abydos, the holiest of ancient
Unknown to Osiris, Set re- sites to the priests of Osiris. Oth-
tured from exile filled with the ers, mortals who had never
bloody taint ofthe Corrupter. known the curse of the ghul,
Having become a mighty joined them along
ghul, Set struck against the way. All of the
Osiris as he had in the past. current Children of
This time, he resorted to Osiris are human...
guile and treachery, en- although some re-
hanced by his black powers. member the past
Osiris fell to the wicked quite clearly.
plots of Set, and the dark The Chil-
god turned the court of the dren of Osiris now
Pharaoh into a nest of im- seek out the scat-
mortal vipers. tered spirits of
Although they lost Amenti in devo-
their lord to Set's treach- tion to the god of
ery, the Children still f' life. Some of the
followed the teachings of Children of Osiris
Osiris. Khetamon acted as who have regained
the cult's leader for centu- their mortality only
ries before Set's followers recently look upon
slew him. The hatred of Set's the Resurrected with
ghuls has been as venom to compassion and pity.
the Children of Osiris for TRAPP They have seen centu-
ages. For millennia, they ties of darkness, and they
lurked in the shadows of \* Ww ah would not consign another to endure
strange temples practicing a form them. Nevertheless, they respect the teachings of
of ascetic self-mastery they came to call Bardo. Some made their First Pharaoh and enforce his will without question.

it the central focus of their very unlives. Most found it Some of the Amenti who arrive to receive the Spell of
difficult to hold to the rigid tenets Osiris laid down. A few Life are dangerous due to their inability to overcome their
even went so far as to pay it — and the principles of Ma'at— _khaibit, so the Children of Osiris help these individuals
lip service only when it served their ends. master their bestial side. Centuries of struggling against a

Then, after millennia, Osiris awakened at last. He bloodthirsty nature make them familiar with the dangers of
sensed the ghuls and saw that many of them were creatures _ one's inner beast.
of isfret — darkness, disharmony and imbalance. Osiris Their efforts to aid new mummies and the fact that
judged them, as was his right. Knowing how difficult it can Osiris has seen fit to cleanse the faithful of their curse and


return them to mortality carry less weight than the Children
had hoped. The Cult of Isis and Shemsu-heru alike show
little trust for a group built around what once were blood-
sucking creatures of darkness. Mortal they may be, but the
other followers of Ma'at wonder what true motivations
remain in the hearts of the Children of Osiris.

SHEMSU-HERU.

Thousands of years ago, Horus the Avenger and his
mother Isis resurrected the first of the mummies. These
Resurrected joined the son of Osiris in his quest to avenge his
father's death and to destroy the usurper Set. These mum-
mies became known as the Shemsu-heru, or Followers of
Horus, and they slowly gained in numbers until they num-
bered 42, one for each of the Judges of Ma'at.

Times have been harder for the Shemsu-heru than any
modern person can imagine. Some mummies despaired after
having spent hundreds of lifetimes returning to the same
worldly trials. A few turned from service to the Avenger and
pursued less noble private agendas. One even betrayed the
Dark Kingdom of Sand to vampires. For his troubles, he was
removed from reality itself through the use of the most
powerful Nomenclature Hekau. (Some wonder if his treach-
ery initiated the events that led to the Dja-akh.) A core
group of the Shemsu-heru remained loyal throughout the
millennia to their earthly god Horus and his father.

When Osiris entered the Web of Faith, he commanded
his son to gather those who proved faithful and perform a
special ritual suicide. Newly dead just as their cousins the
Amenti were, the Shemsu-heru received the new, more
complete Spell of Life. These ancient mummies regained the
pure life force that they had existed without for so many
centuries. They rejoiced in the divine vitality that invigo-
rated their souls and flowed through their bodies. Horus and
his disciples returned to life ready to lead the other mummies
who would follow into a brave new world.

The ancient mummies who serve Horus and the pre-
cepts of Ma'at are immensely powerful beings, respected by
the tem-akh who remember them and feared by those who
would defy them. They are called Imkhu, or Revered Ones,
and they possess nearly complete memories from scores of
lifetimes as well as the vibrant life force of the resurrection.

Horus and his Imkhu advisors returned to the Avenger's
greatest temple in Edfu, between Isna and Aswan in Egypt.
Although most of the original city of Djeba has fallen into
tubble, the Temple of Horus still stands. The Avenger and
his followers have taken control of the excavations of Egyp-
tian mastabahs and Byzantine houses that lie hidden by the
passing of ages. On occasion, a young mummy bearing
fragments of her tem-akh's memories comes seeking the
Living Pharaoh. Each departs from the meeting profoundly
changed. Amenti are not the only ones who come in

supplication. Mortals have heard the whispers that Horus
the Avenger lives, and they flock to his worship. This
movement frustrates the cults of Isis and Osiris, who cannot
offer their own living god. It is said the son of Osiris has
become a falcon-headed deity whose presence is too power-
ful for most to withstand for any length of time without
losing themselves to selfless worship. Apparently, only the
Imkhu have the strength of spirit to resist his divine influ-
ence. They act as Horus' intermediaries as much to protect
visitors as to defend their god.

Muslim purists are becoming concerned at the rebirth of
what they see as a heretical cult. The Avenger's followers
have responded by screening the town from nosy outsiders.
Visiting Resurrected are accorded great respect by the mortal
adherents of the son of Osiris, and groups will sometimes
seek to join a mummy in her travels when she leaves Edfu.

Some Amenti find the devotion of these new friends
disturbing, as do various other followers of Osiris. Cultists of
Isis have pondered that the Shemsu-heru seem more loyal to
Horus than to Osiris. Some rumors have even arisen that the
Avenging Son, having finally been restored to true life,
might be looking to overthrow his father and take his place
as lord of all in the living and dead realms.

ESET-A

Splinter faiths within the Cult of Isis and the Children
of Osiris believe that each of the resting-places of Osiris'
body parts held relics that absorbed portions of the god-
king's divine energy. They seek to collect the artifacts that
hold Osiris' Sekhem so that they might rebuild him on the
earthly realm again. Other factions feel that this approach
borders on blasphemy, especially since some Eset-a insist
that the god-king's heart is the Islamic holy Ka'ba.

Osiris was reputedly torn into 16 parts: his head, the
soles of his feet, his bones, his arms, his heart, his interior, his
tongue, his eye, his fist, his fingers, his back, his ears, his
loins, his body, his head with the face of a ram and his hair.
Supposedly, the sites linked to these parts are Ament of
Koptos, Aa-ab in Elephantine, At-rut-f in Herkaleopolis
Magna, Kusae, Heliopolis, An-Ament in Sma-behutet
(Diopolis), Letopolis, Pa-Thuhen in Sais, Meh-ta-f in
Hermopolis, Athribis, Ag (Scedia), Ab in the Lybyan nome,
Het-sera in the city of Netert and Apis.

Most Eset-a believe that this inconsistency of 16 parts and
14 locations can be solved if one takes the "face of a ram" as an
allegory for a representation of the Creator, and abides by the
legend that Osiris' "loins" were swallowed by a naru fish. The
ritual of gruesome personal scarification by the mummies known
as the Sefekhi follows this same pattern. Not surprisingly, they
are among the chief supporters of the Eset-a.

Unfortunately, many of the sites of the god's remnants
have been pillaged over the millennia, and thcir artifacts

CHAPTER ONE: JUDGMENT IN HEAVEN

ee eRe Pe ea ed ec beta ee ore

VUVYVUY ww yw W


have been scattered around the world. By necessity, the Eset-
a search extends around the globe, and it has even been
partly responsible for the shift in many governments' poli-
cies toward returning Egyptian relics to the homeland. The
Eset-a worry little about mundane law where the god-king's
remains are concerned, however. The danger that mortals
could unknowingly destroy or further fragment the vessels
that bear the essence of Osiris inspires the Eset-a to engage
in desperate acts. They are not above theft or bribery to gain
treasures just for the opportunity to ascertain if they might be
one of the lost remnants. The other followers of Osiris worry
that this group's zealous pursuits defy Ma'at as much as they
promote it.

"THE TMKHU

Devotees from Edfu say that a dozen' Imkhw' set

""Horus. None ean name all 12,, but certain names are
mentioned repeatedly. They whisper that, when the lmkhu
underwent the second Great Rite, Osiris sought out only

/ the most powerful tem-akh to complete them.
Mestha supposedly lived when Osiris first came to
. Earth, which makes the wise old farmer even older than
‘Horus. Some think that Osiris confided in him during his
occasional departures from the ghost city Amenti. When
Mestha went through his second Ritual of Rebirth ,at
Horus' behest, he joiried the ranks of the Mesektet; the
* great sky-priests! A

The lady Neith was the fierce fia honorable jnartial
arm of Horus during the long years of conflict with Set's
followers. Legend declares that she was a warrior worthy to
stand beside the Scorpion goddess Serget. Upon joining
the Resurrected, she became the greatest of the Sefekhi.

"‘Tchatcha-em-ankh is considered the most potent of
all of the Resurrected sorcerers, aind his mastery of Hekau
is unmatched.
£\The scribe Sahura endured' the: displeasure, of his
leader for showing miercy to the blood demons, but the
Reborn god forgave him after the return of Osiris. A model
of humility and patience, Sahura has: become ‘atv' ideal
Tomb Watcher.

Tjeby, Count and Scal>beater to the Pharach during
the Eleventh Dynasty, is known for endless investigations
of Set's followers. He is even said to have discovered the
hiding place of the dark god.

Hetephras ruled as a queen, but she spent lifetimes
afterward seeking experiences senstial enough to fill the void
that the imperfect resurrection left her. Those who have seen,
her joyful smile after so many wasted centuries have no doubt
that the new Spell of Life is the true resurrection.

oo

TVE

By all accounts, the fortunes of the Ashukhi Corpora-
tion changed when a distracted driver struck the little
import business' owners. Until then, the uninspired com-
pany struggled for its very existence. After the couple's
descendants sold it to a new interest for an embarrassingly
small sum, Ashukhi found unexpected aid and new direc-
tion. Along with adopting a new Egyptian rams-head logo,
the company began a path of investments in a bizarre mix of
innovative new technologies and archaeological study that
would baffle most analysts' understanding. Similarly, al-
though itis often difficult to discern a consistent pattern, the
organization's continuing financial growth and incredible
charitable contributions to various education institutions
indicates both genius in the improvement of mankind's
future and respect for his past.

In reality, the Ashukhi Corporation invests in people.
The mummies and mortals alike who work with the Ashukhi
Corporation hope to build a better world. They strive to
create an appropriate source of wealth and technological
power for Osiris to inherit upon his return. Competing
directly against the gigantic corporations that shape the
modern world is currently beyond Ashukhi's scope, but the
company does provide one way for mummies to bury their
assets between lives. It also provides them a hope to accrue
significant economic clout at some time yet to come.

Ashukhi should not be confused with the ruthless
corporations of the World of Darkness. It is nowhere near
the size of such gargantuan monstrosities, and it does not
benefit from the grotesqueries of economic slavery, environ-
mental rape or intentional socio-political corruption. The
company also does not share the faceless nature of corporate
Goliaths. Although employees' histories and identities are
kept confidential to those outside the company, secrets
within the company are rare.

The other, more overtly religious groups wonder at the
Ashukhi Company's true usefulness. Certainly, having ac-
cess to financial resources is helpful in the modern age, but
many fear that Ashukhi employees spend far too much time
pursuing investments and far too little chasing down min-
ions of Apophis. It is just this sort of distraction, the others
feel, that allows the Great Serpent to wrap its coils ever
tighter about the world.

Throughout the ages, various mummies have left the
fold of the Shemsu-heru and pursued their own agendas. A
few even put together their own versions of the Great Rite.
After Set stole the previous Spell of Life and subsequently
created the hideous Bane mummies, Horus demanded that
no one else use of the spell. He then sought to destroy those

MUMMY: THE RESURRECT!

riebeletet geheletebeke este


Technically considered Shuankhsen, some of
the greatest enemies of the Amenti were created by
a stolen version of the Spell of Life that was cast by.
Set. These flawed Resurrected were reborn as ter-
tible monstrosities,.and they were infested with
demonic spirits that served.the seven faces of
Apophis. Called variously the Children of Apophis,
Apepnu or Bane mummies, they served two masters
over the millennia, On Earth, they were subject to
the will of Set, yeteach death plunged them into the
grasp of the Corrupter. Once Set went into hiding,
they gained greater independence and freedom.
Set's ghul followers gradually found their Undying
allies more and more treacherous. Before the Dja-
akh ‘struck, the demonic. Apophis warned' his
children. Hungry for greater power, the seven Bane
mummies of Apophis gathered in Rub Al Khali,
Satidi Arabia, at.a dismal Iraqi prison camp. As the
ghost storm tore across the Empty Quarter, the Bane
mummies joined their ritual victims in death. They
glutted themselves upon the unclean shards of djinn,
and souls that swept across the wasteland. Recurn-
ing to a semblance of life filled with stolen power,
the evil coven parted ways, determined:to stop the
fesurrection of Osiris
Alongwith their other sinister gifts, the Apepnu
have learned thé art of gifting dead bodies with the
Bane spirits that they command, thereby transform-
ing useless corpses into animated faithful minions.
Now their vicious, servants. ser forth to help them
slay the Resurrected at every turn. Thankfully mum-
mies encounter the seven deadly Faces of Apophis
rafely. However, their Asekh-sen, or reapers, have
"~ become more of aithreat.
alia" > a
who defied his will. When the Dja-akh struck, most of those
mummies who were floating in the underworld between lives
were destroyed because they did not enjoy the protection of
Osiris. A few may survive, as long as they manage to continue
to skirt the Judges of Ma'at who await their next appearance.

that

WHAT ABOUT MY MUMMY?

The status of mummies in the World of Dark-
ness has undergone a significant change. If you
played a mummy from an earlier edition of the
game, you'll naturally be curious about where your
character stands in Mummy: The Resurrection.
The answer depends upon the desires of your Sto-
ryteller and the nature of your mummy.

If your mummy was a paragon of loyalty to
Horus who was literally willing to sacrifice herself
without knowing whether she would come back,
she might have returned as one of the Imkhu. A
true legend among her own kind, such a mummy
must also have qualities that make her worth re-
deeming in the eyes of Ma'at and Osiris.

If your mummy was not an ideal candidate, she
may instead have been dead when the ghost storm
hit, her soul floating unprotected in the under-
world, Exposed in this fashion, your mummy's soul
was probably blasted to smithereens. Such an un-
fortunate could potentially survive as the tem-akh
that joins with a newly created Amenti.

Finally, yourmummy may bea renegade who fled
Hiérus and the cults to continue her old ways: Such a
rebellious soul is considered one of the Shuankhsen,
or The Lifeless. Ifsuch is the case, you should translate
your character over to the new rules and take the
Flaw: Lesser Resurrection from page 69 without any
recompense.

The Shuankhsen are those mummies who simply are
not properly alive. Their life force is somehow false or
unfinished, and their resurrection is noticeably imperfect to
the supernaturally sensitive. Some of the flawed Shuankhsen
were called Ishmaelites after the first mummy who was
known to leave the service of Horus. Others were called the
Cabiri after the Greek alchemist who discovered the spell in
Egypt. Both the Ishmaelites and the Cabiri are essentially
gone. Most have fallen to the judgment of Ma'at, although
some have been sent permanently to the afterlife or ripped
apart in the ghost storm. Few exist, and their small numbers
continue to shrink.

CHAPTER ONE JUDGMENT IN HEAVEN

Be


* Back home, in Detroit; she used to sing the blues. When Mareus took h
money and spent itonerack, shesangthe dive: \
whores, she sang the Vives. When Mareus ed. her around, she sang the |
blues: Ttswas fhe bites for breakfast lunch and dinner. Blues every weekday,
Lonely blues on Saturday, and extra painful bles on Sunday after Mavens
weekends of running around when ‘hi Ags WEN ays at their worst

There were days, Sundays mostly, when hex face was too swollen fo si

She could hum, though, and it was still the blues. She thought suffering
was the nature of fife; if only because she didwtkhow anything else.Father
step-fathers, brothers, boyfriends — they all treated her like shift. And she
fet them. She tried fo be nicer, to keep them happy so they. wouldnt treat
her so bad.So they wouldutleave her. It was allshe knew fo do, besides sing

\ the blues. : ,

When Mareus finished with her that lasttime, weren't no blues fo sing

\ = at least none that would come to her lead Tongue.

And whentheold, old voice asked tf shewvemtedto live forever, to sing
some more, she said yes. And when bee dinc apart of her and opened hex
dead eyes, she was furious. The rage ran sodeep and strong that it made:
her dead body stand up and walk. Hell; forget walk. She van, like a freight i

| train out of control. And that was the least of it. It's amazing what a |
lifetime of anger, carefully channeled, can let a body do. She could only
hope that she hadn't killed any of the people who had tried to stop her.

Guided by the angry old voice, she traveled farther than she ever had
when shewas alive, even crossing theocean stowed away inthewheelwelf

\ of a jet. In Turkey, she met them. She, called them the Mumbo Jumbo
Men. They alone seemed to know what themwere dealing with, knew how
' to sidestep her anger, how to help Rer Ge-alive again. Maybe more than
alive. With: words and magic and a little strategie force, they restrained

her, carved on her skin until the darkness seeped out and wrapped Aer in
strips of muslin gauze soaked in something salty. She on wrapped
U

until shewas incontrolof the darknewanimal that lived behind her face.
With help from the Mumbo Jumbo Men, she was no longer a shade-
driven body, no longer a mere walking corpse. Shewas alive again, andimore ©
alive than she'd been before. / : Ce
- Tt was.a good fit: her and the animal inside. Exeept for one thing. The
music was goneShe. couldn't bring eveis one note to her fips. As hard as she
| trted, shecouldu't strounge up the old lyrias. Not the hasth Habla
\ \eame fo mind. When the rest of her had died andcomeback, the )
ang the blues had stayed dead — dead and forg on. The ble
from her memory. i a
3 But itwas okay. tue oe
m She would make Marcus remember them for her.

3


LE es

IF YOU WISH TO LIVE.
YOU MUST FIRST ATTEND YOUR OWN FUNERAL.

— KATHERINE MANSFIELD

Birth and death are the most primal momen'
person's existence. Such is not the case for thos
become mummies. For them, one experience eclipses
these fundamental experiences: the resurrection.

At the moment of death, the nehem-sen is offered
what might be seen as a Faustian bargain: Live forever as
an agent of balance or die. On very rare occasions, the
soul refuses, opting instead to go to whatever reward it has
earned in the afterlife. Maybe it hopes to find entry into
Heaven. Perhaps it feels that it belongs in Hell. Suicides
reject resurrection most often. They didn't want to live, or
they wouldn't have committed suicide in the first place.
Regardless of the reasons behind their choice, those who
take a pass on eternity do not become one of the Amenti.
The ancient Egyptian spirit shards have neither the incli-

nation nor the luxury of time required to convince a soul
of the benefits of immortality.

Most of the recently dead are not only amenable to
the notion of immortality, they'll do anything to achieve
it. Few things reaffirm the will to live like dying. If a soul
agrees to the joining, it undergoes a brief moment of
intense agony as the Egyptian spirit merges with it and
burns away the weakest portion of the nchem-sen's soul in
the process. Memories associated with the excised soul
fragment disappear while the nehem-sen gains vague
memories of ancient Egypt and the city of Amenti. This
step is only the first in a process that concludes with the
dual souls undergoing the rite of resurrection — the Spell
of Life that joins body and soul and infuses the whole with
immortality.

After that, nothing is the same.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

Se

W


MUMMIES FOR DUMMIES

The following table shows which type of Amenti results when a nehem-sen merges with a given tem-
akh, as well as which path of Hekau magic it specializes in.

Amenti Type Tem-akh Translation Primary Hekau Path
Kher-minu ka Tomb Watcher Amulets
= Khri-habi ba Scroll-bearer Alchemy ip ~
~ Mesektet sahu Night Sun Celestial -_
Sakhmu khu Spirit Scepter Effigy —
Sefekhi khaibit Unbandaged One Necromancy. :
Udja-sen special Judged One any

MORE THAN ALIVE

This chapter presents the six types of mummies that
the new Spell of Life produces. The tem-akh, or compet-
ing spirit, that fuses with the nehem-sen to create the
immortal determines which type of mummy a person
becomes at the completion of the ritual — and by exten-
sion, what path of Hekau magic she uses most easily.

When deciding on the Amenti you want to create,
it's important to remember that those chosen for the
resurrection don't spring into existence from nothingness
when the tem-akh offers up immortality. They come from
all walks of life, from cultures around the globe, from
every socio-economic stratum you can imagine. Your
character is no different in this respect. She had a life
before the resurrection. She had hopes and fears, interests
and dislikes. She was the sum of countless experiences, of
myriad personal successes and failures. It's up to you to
decide who she was and where she came from.

You must consider the poles of your character's per-
sonality, positive and the negative alike. They make your
character who she is. Not only that, they capture the
attention of the tem-akh, the Egyptian "completing spirit."
Old knowledge and habits linger in the consciousness of
the completing spirit. The ancient role that the various
tem-akh play has a powerful impact on the mummy's
Third Life. Each portion of the soul was thought to
perform its own particular role after death. Since only a
fraction of the soul survives to bond with the new body,
the host has only the vaguest recollections of the past.
Furthermore, the nature of the tem-akh and the role it
played in the afterlife determines whom it chooses as its
mortal vessel and partner through eternity. A tem-akh
invariably joins with a modern soul whom it comple-
ments, searching for a soul that is weakest where the
tem-akh is strong. An aspiring actress draws the attention
of a duty-minded ka since she wallowed so long in vanity
and self-aggrandizement. A skilled detective who in-
dulged his amoral greed too freely attracts a wise and just

sahu. A brilliant researcher's crippling insecurity sum-
mons the vengeful might of a khaibit.

When beginning the Third Life, your character is
infused with an ancient strength. Bonding with the tem-
akh does not rewrite her personality, however. She is still
largely the person she was before the resurrection. Only
now, the vices that once controlled her have lost their
hold. The actress draws strength and purpose from her ka
aspect, and she no longer abuses her body for the sake of
success. The detective uses the moral center of his sahu
spirit fragment to guide him against those who bend the
law to suit themselves. The researcher infused with the
aura of a khaibit has the confidence to assert his claims,
but he recalls the humility of self-doubt.

The choice of tem-akh always comes back to who
your character was before he became a mummy. This
understanding is essential to understanding how your
character comes to terms with her undying nature and her
new role in the world. Obviously, those who knew your
character before her death are bound to see a dramatic
change in her personality after the resurrection. Since her
mortal death may well have occurred publicly, the new
mummy may decide that the safest course is to start anew
life without telling the people she knew in her past that
she has returned. If she slips back into her previous role,
she must come to terms with who she is now and how
people remember her.

Aside from coping with her former life, your charac-
ter must also explore her new deathless nature. The bond
with the tem-akh gives your character her immortality,
her power to combat enemies of Ma'at. The tem-akh
influences the arcane skills your character uses in the
battle against the minions of Apophis. It also provides
your character with the spiritual strength your character
previously lacked, replacing the weakest aspects of her
nature with eons-old strength.

Still, bear in mind that a tem-akh is simply one
portion of a complete soul. It is not a social classification

CHAPTER TWO: THE RESURRECTED.

bebenenanenanancbanetatanebatanstds

TWX WW


nor is it a professional designation. Your character's tem-
akh is an in-game interpretation of the change she went
through in the resurrection and how she now faces her
duties as a mummy. It is effectively your character's
approach to the challenge of restoring the cosmic bal-
ance. Whether your character views it as a moral
imperative, a newfound religion or an intellectual under-
standing, your character's tem-akh is part of her personal
identity, not of any external institution.

That last point is the key to understanding and
depicting your character as a realistic person with indi-
vidual ideas and beliefs. Those values determine how she

INDIVIDUALS AND STEREOTYPES »

«' . The Amenti do not organize themselves automati-
cally according to their tem-akh. One mummy cannot
look at another and automatically know which sort of
completing spirit brought about her resurrection. Some
‘Amenti have never encountered'another munimy be-
fore, and almost none have met one of the rare
non-Egyptian mummies (see the Appendix for more
information on these groups). Nonetheless, the temakh
does have certain discernable
so that an Amenti may or may not adhere to certain
stereotypes. With a Certain amount of study, an Amenti
can generally determine which. ,tem-akh, inhabit her
respective companions.

pitsor tendencies, enough

As a player, however, you should remember: that,
even though stereotypes may have some root truth, they
do not always offer a complete picture. Only the foolish
or $mall-mindediassume that a stereotype is a sufficient
guide to understanding everything about the subject.
One may speak of a certain mannerism or ideal as "just
like an Udja-sen" or "typically Khri-habi," but tem-akh #
designations are secondary to mummies' identities. To

assume that one js an art geek simply because he's a
Sakhmu, or that someone else must be a vicious killer
because she's a Sefekhi is as dangerous as making assump-
tions about people in the real, world based on their
ethnicity or religion. Most people understand that these
mental shortcuts are one-dimensional and flawed.

Nor do the Amenti divide themselves into formal

sgocial groups based upon the tem-akh. Those organiza:

tions to which the Amenti gravitate tend to be religious,

ic or social. Th ies' special ci stances

and history has resulted in the.formation of factions that

work toward a particular goal or set of goals. Different

tem-akh cohere with certain groups due to their natural

inclinations. The Amenti follow the will of Osiris and

&use their skills as appropriate in the struggle, but they
choose their own way of doing so.

responds to a dystopian world that is under assault from
the forces of corruption. The tem-akh offers a new per-
spective on your character's existence, but how she deals
with her circumstances is a product of who she is and the
ideals that she upholds. Therefore, even though your
character has transcended mortality, she has not forgot-
ten what it means to be human. Her approach to the
struggle against Apophis is influenced by the groups that
gather under the banners of Osiris and Ma'at, but your
character remains herself first, with her own ideas and
concerns. Her tem-akh simply helps her understand the
direction in which her choices most likely lie.

So when you create your character, decide who your

a person — before she's resurrected — and
then choose a tem-akh that best suits that identity. The
ways in which she copes in the struggle and deals with her
unique situation follow naturally.

THE TEM-AKH OF THE AMENTI

Once you have aclear idea of who your character was,
it's time to consider which tem-akh might bond with her.
Each mummy is discernable by its tem-akh, the "complet-
ing spirit" that has joined with the dead mortal to resurrect
her. Therefore, as the ka once guarded the body exclu-
sively, the resurrected host that has merged with the ka
tem-akh becomes one of the Kher-minu, or Tomb Watch-
ers. As noted previously, candidates for the resurrection
are usually already special and flawed in specific ways. As
a result of the joining, the ancient tem-akh soul lends its
strengths to its mortal host and shores up her weaknesses.
The nehem-sen is thereby raised above the ranks of the
common man. The host also benefits from the older soul's
experience. Although much of that knowledge disap-
peared when the ancient spirit was shredded in the ravages
of the Dja-akh, the sheer mass of centuries of wisdom still
imparts incredible levels of skill that the mortal masses do
not commonly achieve.

Perhaps most significant of all gifts your character
receives (aside from immortality itself) is an affinity for a
particular type of Hekau, or Egyptian magic. You reflect
this affinity when creating your character by placing one
dot in her Amenti's primary Hekau path.

Furthermore, each Amenti has special abilities that
result from the role the tem-akh played in the spirit lands.
The mummy uses these talents in the Third Life in her
quest for Ma'at. As the Amenti grows increasingly wiser
in the understanding of her duties, her power to perform
those duties waxes. But Ma'at is about balance. For each
strength, the mummy has a weakness. Acting outside her
role becomes ever more difficult. Such is the price the
mummy pays for her doggedness in the pursuit of her

as Spiritual goal. While such weaknesses can be overcome,

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


cea
the new mummy will never be completely free of it until
she achieves perfection and oneness with Ma'at.

The following sections provide a close look at each
Amenti, and they break down into this essential format:
Title: The name given to the type of Amenti.

Quote: A comment that sums up the attitude of
mummies of this type.

Overview: A general description of the Amenti that
begins with a brief commentary on the tem-akh's role,
followed by what it looks for in a mortal host. The
overview concludes with a description of the Amenti's
role after emerging from the resurrection.

The Hajj: The tem-akh possesses the mortal's body
to make its pilgrimage back to the Lands of Faith so that
it may undergo the resurrection. This section describes
strengths or weaknesses particular to the tem-akh while
in this undead state.

ms it =

The Third Life: This section describes how a newly
resurrected mummy approaches her new life in the World
of Darkness.

Affiliations: Any group or social structure to which
the Amenti might belong.

Character Creation: The mortal host and the com-
pleting spirit each have certain tendencies depending on
the tem-akh. Suggested areas of focus for your character
are described here.

Primary Hekau: The path of Egyptian magic in
which the mummy specializes.

Purpose: The Amenti's primary spiritual strength in
the struggle to restore Ma'at, described as an ability
unique to that tem-akh.

Liability: The liability is the corresponding limita-
tion that the tem-akh faces in contrast to her purpose.

Views: Stereotypical views of fellow tem-akh and of
other types of Undying.

CHAPTER TWO: THE RESURRECTED


KHER-MINU

TOMB WATCHERS

OUR BODI€s ARE TEMPLES. ALL LIFE 19 A SACRED GIFT.

The Egyptians envisioned the ka spirit as the portion of the
soul that remained near the khat (body), protecting it until its
resurrection. Ghosts in the underworld perceived the kaas nothing
more than a mindless drone, incapable of abandoning the body to
which it was fettered. Nevertheless, the ka spirit was a ferocious
guardian, and few ghosts wanted to risk conflict with one. Newer
, with little memory of the old ways, call the ka "Tomb
Watchers." With the rise of the Amenti, this term has been
translated back into ancient Egyptian as Kher-minu.

While the ka rarely had problems protecting its body from the
other dead, the relentless encroachment of thieves, new te
and invaders in the physical world was more problematic. Genera-
tions of greed and plunder ravaged the ka's mystical wards, violated
the sacred tomb and scattered the many treasures held therein —
including the khat itself. Physicians and charlatans ground some
bodies into medicine. Fortune-hunters stripped others of their
amulets, wrappings and coffins, displaying them naked for public
amusement. The Kher-minu despaired as they lost their charges.
Only a handful defended their corpses successfully throughout the
centuries.

Then the Dark Kingdom of Sand was battered to dust by the
Dja-akh. Those who survived held to a passion for duty that
endured, unflagging, through countless ravages of the centuries.

ese Kher-minu possess a love of life and a respect for the body
as the ultimate temple to the divine.

The ka chooses its mortal host from among those people who
bear little protective instinct or love for their own lives and bodies.
Sometimes, however, the chosen is a beautiful wallflower who
gazed into the mirror of the world and saw only ugliness reflected
back. Being a devout admirer of the physical, the Kher-minu revels
in the knowledge that all forms are beautiful in theit own way.

The modern partner is almost always a casualty of a tragic or
self-destructive lifestyle, particularly an individual of notable tal-
ent. The ka typically avoids choosing a famous host, although
figures like James Dean, Kurt Cobain and Marilyn Monroe offer a
good parallel. Instead, its chosen nehem-sen often stands at the
edges of renown, a poor soul who shuffled from this earthly coil
while enjoying only some minor stardom at best. Obsessions with
vice are a hallmark of the mortal's living days. The ideal host is
quite attractive, but he lacks purpose. He gets lost in:unhappiness
and dies before his time.

With the Third Life, the Kher-minu is immune to the
temptation of old vices, although he remembers his former des-
peration with crystal clarity. The new mummy may speak of the
horrors of his Second Life with a zeal that borders on fanaticism.
Few can match the urge for self-preservation found in one who
‘once could not even be bothered to save his own life.

As befits his role asa defender of bodies and tombs, the Kher-

izes in Hekau that lets. This magic

invests articles of jewelry or clothing with protective or empower-
ing abilities.

The fascinations of most Kher-minu seem contradictory to
those who do not understand their origins. The ka spirits select
their hosts from among the beautiful people, but they remain
helplessly attached to the withered dead. Likewise, these mum-
mies' exquisite and sometimes delicate jewelry hides tremendous
strength and potent defensive magic. Most Tomb Watchers have
become works of timeless and exotic art themselves by combining
their eternal beauty with their fanatical sense of purpose. Certain
other tem-akh, notably the Sefekhi, think of the Kher-minu as
pretty cowards, but the Tomb Watchers' allie
and appreciate the talents of such vigilant guardians. Whether

safeguarding the bodies of their dearest companions, beloved
family ortheir own ancient mummified remains, the Tomb Watch-
ers follow a purpose that is as noble as their new forms are elegant.

The Hajj: Thanks to its exposure to explorers and invaders of
different cultures through the centuries, a ka making the hajj may
speak limited phrases from relatively modern languages. The ka
frequently tries to visit the resting place of its first remains along the
way to attend to any unfinished business.

The Third Life: A newly resurrected Tomb Watcher places
protecting himself as his highest priority. His ka spirit encourages
him to learn both simple safety precautions and advanced survival

and toresistany drisks. The mundane
art of self-preservation is raised to new heights through the devel-
opment of powerful protective magic and a newfound sensitivity to
dangers of all sorts. This caution extends across every aspect of the
Kher-minu's life. He abandons drugs, cigarettes and alcohol, wears
his seatbelt and even engages in regular exercise. This personal
defense is not borne of selfishness. Instead, it is more a realization
that life is a precious thing that is not to be wasted by frivolous ani
perilous behavior. The consequences of mistreating oneself are
undeniable. (After all, that very behavior ended the mummy's
Second Life.) The time for careless or deliberate self-abuse is over;
it is time to live right.

A Tomb Watcher usually takes up a new life that lets him
focus on his interest itt defending a place ora person, living or dead.
It is not unusual fora Kher-minu to become a mortician, cemetery
overseer ora guard ofsome sort. The mummy may also seek to gain
(or regain) some measure of stardom or fame. A common choice is
that ofa professional bodyguard, a compromise that plays upon his
urge to protect others and grants him access to the glamour and
celebrity that he never quite achieved in his Second Life.

Once the Kher-minu accepts that caring for himself is a part
of living in accord with Ma'at, he can begin protecting others.
Doing so is often as simple as acting to defend someone who's in
jeopardy. The intense danger another faces is enough to make the
ka shed caution long enough to make a difference in the fate of

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

BIG DE DEBE Pe ba De Pe Re Raabe Od Oe Cabs Deere


another. As a Kher-minu advances along the path of Ma'at, he
takes more and more responsibility for the care of others' lives and
. As the mummy comprehends more of his purpose, his ka
to think ofall life as an extension of his body. Ultimately he
tries to protect the existence and well being of every living thing.
The Kher-minu gradually abandons any practice that harms oth-
ers. He becomes a vegetarian, diligently avoids waste that harms
the environment and tries to promote peace on Earth. It is difficult
to achieve the patience and understanding necessary to act so
benevolently ona universal scale. At its highest levels, it is almost
impossible for less enlightened souls
to even consider.
Affiliations: Sooner or
later, most Tomb Watchers
fall into one of two factions
within the coalescing Amenti
society. The strong pull of the
god-king Horus brings many
flocking tohis banner, where
they become the young-
est of the
Shemsu-heru. Horus is
undeniably a visible
and very striking physi-
cal icon dedicated to
shepherdinglivinghuman- "Y
ity to Maat. Kher-minu who
are more fanatical in their de-
Votion to protecting the dead join
the hey take part in this
st tofind the scattered pie
of Osiris' body in order to grant the god
of life a resurrection of his own.
Character Creation: The endless
beauty of humanity fascinates the ka, and
the opportunity to choose a host from the
masses of modern humanity allows the
spirit to pick a partner with high Appear-
ance and Physical Attributes. The ho:
original Nature often denotes a needy or
attention-starved personality. Abilities in
the performing arts are usually the sole rem-
nants of meteoric crash-and-burn careers.
Centuriesspent guarding Egyptian tombs
taught the ka lessons in surviving the ages that
remain largely hidden from the other tem-akh.
The ka brings with ita strong sense of duty as well
as memories of various Skills and Knowledges
related to its duty as a guardian of the dead.
Notably, Tomb Watchers witnessed the arrival
of ancient Greek, Roman, Arabic, French, En-
glish and even Germanic invaders. From their
timeless sentry posts, the ka endeavored to learn
what they could of these outlanders in hopes
that any information that they gleaned would
help them perform their sacred duty better. A
Kher-minu typically has a high Willpower
rating thanks to the ka's perseverance
through the centuries. Backgrounds that
highlight beauty or the defense of life are
popular, particularly Ka, Allies and Fame

Purpose: The Defender or Shielding Self. The powerful ka is
dedicated to defending the Kher-minu's body from harm. The
spirit has become so strong in this regard that the Amenti'ssoul can
deflect damage independently of his physical actions. The ka spirit

subtly affects the material world, causing an attacker to overbal-
ance, trip or be distracted

During every turn in which a Tomb Watcher is attacked, he
has a free dice pool equivalent to his Balance rating that he may
apply only to defensive action. Note that this dice pool does not
reflectan attempt tododge but physi-
cal protection provided by the ka's
interferenc
x Liability: The ka becomes ex-

tremely overprotective of its physical
form. Any time the mummy intends todo.
anything that the Storyteller deems po-
tentially damaging, his player must succeed on a
Willpower roll in order for the character to complete that
action successfully. If the roll fails, the Amenti avoids the
action in favor of staying out of harm's way. The Storyteller
should set the difficulty according to the danger posed. Consider
7 the default difficulty. Consuming a mild toxin such as
alcohol would only be 5, while entering combat with a
superior enemy would be 9.

Some Kher-minu take this liability to the ex-
treme. Assuch, they abandon fighting, drugs, alcohol,
dangerous driving habits, unprotected sex and any number of
other potentially dangerous activities. Others may think of
the Kher-minu as cowards rather than cautious, although
that impression is not necessarily accurate. Many endanger
themselves passionately in defense of others or in pursuit of
worthy causes.

VIEWS

Khri-habit We share a ptofound sense of duty
with the Scroll-bearers. Their devotion to healing the
mind, spirit and body is admirable.

Mesektet: When darkness comes, the day lily
withers. The sahu lived in paradise and abandoned
the World to Apophis. Only now, when the under-
world is falling-around their ears, do they remember
their duty to the rest of us.

Sakhmu: Idolaters. The body is the perfect Objet
d'art; how do they ever hope to exceed the work of the
divine Molder?

Sefekhi: The Unbandaged Ones understand the
power of the physical, perhaps more than we do. Their
intentional defacement of the divine gift is disturb.
ing, though.

Udja-sen: They have been givenasecond chance,
but they obviously needed a stern lesson. They suffer
most who take heedless risks in the name of power.

The Others: Proof that the Amenti are the
chosen ones. None of the others Undying are really
alive. Some don't even have proper bodies!


Khri-habi

SCROLL-BEARERS OR BEARERS OF THE BOOK.

We must heal the living world so that its wounds will cease to ravage the (ands of the dead. All beings have a part to
ng is 8 Pi
play, and we will help them learn it.

The ba spirit appears in Egyptian art as a bird with a human
head. Its reputed role was to perform duties in the afterlife that
would ensure the body's resurrection. The concept of the
winged ba appears to come from the spuit's use of ghastly powers
to grow wings and fly through the underworld. Given the falcon
and hawk imagery associated with the gods Ra and Horus,
scribes of the period represented these figures as birdlike. Coptic
artists later pictured them as angels. Many ba spirits did not
actually possess wings, but all were passionately bound to
continuing the traditions and paths that ensured their contin-
ued existence. The world's constant denial of Ma'at seemed
destined to prevent most of them from ever seeing their pram-
ised resurrections, but the willof the undyingha was unyielding

The ka remained near th al body. The khu
the corpse like a luminous aura while the eiiwenton to the fields
of paradise. The khaibit parasitically attached itself to the ka or ba
spirit. Therefore, the ba bore the brunt of the soul's ephemeral
slides while conilag ihe paton OF eonTine An Egyptian ghost
with a weak ba spirit succumbed to the soul's other influences,
chiefly engaging in bestial khaibit-driven hunts or returning to the
ka to helplessly guard his corpse in preparation for a rebirth that
would never come. Most ba with the strength to resist the primal
urges of their hungry khaibit, not to mention enduring centuries of
the apathetic existence in the underworld, made their home in the
sreatcity of Ament. When the long ages made itseem thatthe will
of Apophis would never be thwarted, Jandturned
to the Corrupter. Others resigned themsel ie es to an extended stay.
in Amenti.

As the most common (and most dedicated) residents of the
Dark Kingdom of Sand, the ba seemed to be Osiris' favorite
children. They filled numerous posts in the heavenly palace of
the holy citadel as part of his priesthood. Due to the aspirations
of many ba to gain such a holy and politically powerful position,
they were named the Khri-habi, or Scroll-bearers. They filled
most of the exclusive positions within the Shanu-atiu — the
inner circle of priests who watched over their god's still form,
taught his ancient commandments and interpreted the words
spoken in his rare moments of lucidity. The Khri-habi recorded,
discussed and interpreted the smallest observations of their lord
and developed a growing library of lore. Their exalted body of
knowledge gained them the additional title Bearers of the Book.

When the Dja-akh swept away the city of Amenti, all that
they had striven for washed away. Some threw themselves into
the tempest as they forgot Osiris' name in their grief. Those who
remembered his promise circled the physical realm like birds of
prey — or angels of salvation — waiting for a soul to save.

The ba is the spiritual embodiment of the conscious mind.
The strong few tem-akh who survived the spirit storm possess
qualities of wisdom and leadership in abundance. Due to this

strength, a ba spirit finds it easiest to bind itself to a mortal with
a weak psyche, someone with minimal levels of conscious
thought. The flawed vessel that the ba seeks to complete is one
ruled by instinct, habit or dogma. A ba host tends to have
underdeveloped personal morals or a weak sense of individual
identity. She is dominated by the influences of peers, authority
figures, tradition, habit and routine. Such vessels include sol-
diers following orders mindlessly, members of highly dogmatic
conservative religions, weak-willed victims of popular culture,
members of the collegiate Greek system who need a hive
mentality to function or even petty criminals who lack any
personal code of ethics.

The lost souls of the modern age seek a sense of direction,
and, once they die, the old souls of a past era give it to them.

The Hajj: Due to its focus on intellect, the ba is best able
of all tem-akh to deal with complications in its journey to the
Lands of Faith. It retains enough presence of mind to decide
upon the safest method of return. Such considerations take time
for the ba to process, though, making it hard-pressed to adapt on
the fly.

The Third Life: The ba spirit joins with its host knowing
that its partner is not used to thinking for herself — or perhaps
even of thinking rationally atall. The Khri-habi quickly sloughs
off thoughtless or counterproductive behaviors that spring from
habit, peer pressure or blind obedience to authority. After her
resurrection, the new mummy realizes that she spent too much
of her former life in front of a mind-numbing television set,
going along with the crowd or following the edicts of others.
The tendency to react only when pushed quickly gives way to
adesire to forge her own path. Now keenly aware that the world
is more complex and diverse than she ever realized, the Scroll-
bearer grows hungry to learn more, and self-discovery becomes
an important step toward independence. She is likely to de-
velop a life that puts her in a position where she can help others
without having to react to wildly changing variables. Con-
stancy and stability is as important as intellectual challenge.
The Scroll-bearer's natural skills lead her to seek a career as a
therapist, psychologist, doctor or even a more esoteric following
such as a faith healer or astrologer.

The feeling of responsibility for others grows as the Khri-
habi sheds her former dullard existence and its concomitant
slavery to dogma and drudgery. Looking beyond the vapid
depths of her absent or wasted intellect, the Scroll-bearer soars
to new heights. As she learns to analyze the world with her
newly heightened consciousness, she sees all the ways in which
others waste their potential. As alchemy seeks to turn base
metals into gold, the Khri-habi seeks to remove the shackles on
the minds of those she encounters. Mast Khri-habi come to

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

bdbsbanenanebanenstanenanenanebay


believe that ‘the quest for Ma'at will not be successful until
slearn to think cri daccept responsibility for
their own actions.

Affiliations: Mortal institutions such as hospitals, non-
profit organizations and churches appeal to the Khti-habi. Such
organizations benefit noticeably from the talent with which the
Scroll-bearer refines and perfects everything she touches. A
Khri-habi feels at home wherever teamwork, brilliance and a
desire to help are appreciated. Each Scroll-bearer looks for the
same thing within the burgeoning Amenti society. The Cult of
Isis — long the healers and preservers of
lore in Egypt — is the faction favored
by most Khri-habi. The modern
cult's scattered focus only makes
the Scroll-bearers feel more
needed. With the Khri-habi back-
ing the venerable cult, the legacy of VW
Isis may again become a thing of won-
der. Other Khri-habi prefer to join
with the Shemsu-heru to help Horus
in his quest to restore the balance of
Ma'at to the world.

Character Creation: A Scroll-
bearer can have virtually any
concept as long as it com-
binesa mortal candidate
with intellectual, ethi-
cal and critical
thinking deficits with a
highly intellectual ba
spirit. The union of the two ¥&%
souls — one with an utter
inability to make wise decisions
and the other with a highly devel-
oped sense of duty — brings about
remarkable changes. The ba tem-
akh brings a drive to the mix that
inspires a desire to look above and
beyond the present. As such, Mental
or Social Attributes are the most
likely choices for primary Attribute
groups. The new individual's Nature
depends on what form the host's men-
tal weakness took and how well the
Scroll-bearer adjusts to the unifica-
tion. The ba usually contributes a
considerable amount of lore and abil-
ity at social manipulation to the new
union, whereas the redeemed mortal
typically possesses skills found useful
in service to others.

Primary Hekau: Alchemy

Purpose: Bird or Spirit Self. His- *,
torically, the ba was free to travel to and
from the deceased body and into the nether
world. Egyptians believed that its return to
the underworld was necessary for healing
and resurrection. In time, its role became that -
of accumulating spiritual energy and bringing

it back to the corpse, just as a mother bird brings food to her
offspring.

The ba gifts the Amenti with this ability to sustain and
heal the khat. Each day at the rising of the new sun, the Khri-
habi gains a dice pool equal to her Balance rating. The player
can use these dice to heal her character's body or that of
another. Each success at standard difficulty heals two levels of
bashing damage or one level of lethal damage. This training as
healers and sorcerer-priests also appears in the Khri-habi's
talent for Alchemy.

Liability: The ba is the psyche of an individual with a
weak sense of identity or ethics. Like a stranded steersman, the
ancient soul is left at the helm of a human being who lacked
any real strength of personality, Fractions of seconds vanish in
a given situation as the Khri-habi digs for the knowledge,
reflexes or instincts that she needs from her partner. Even

though the host's personality (which possesses the bulk of
shared information and abilities) is the
majority of the fused soul, the
Khri-habi is the inspiration to
a) Bet independently without
Pn rh kn ervitude to author-
ityfigur , instinct or habit. The
baisused toacting with autonomy,
whereas the mortal was used to repression. The time
taken to override the servile host costs precious time. Conse-
quently, the Khri-habi suffers a +2 difficulty penalty to all
Perception and Wits rolls and -2 to her initiative rating.

ile,

VIEWS

Kher-minu: We remember the protectors for their
patience and endurance. The world may have forgotten." ~s
them, but they did not forget their charges.

Mesektet: The return of the Vessels of Ra-can'
bring only good things. Perhaps the eye of heaven has:
turned once more to the earth: Their knowledge'of
A'aru gives us all hope.

Sakhmu: Their skill with' tools-is useful now and
then, but these craftsmen are ultimately tools them-
selves. They are little more than mortar between the
true bricks of the temple.

Sefekhi: These beasts plagued us in the under-
world, and now they do the same in the lands of the
living: What role they play inreturning Ma'at to the »

world remains a mystery. 8

lja-sen: If only we could heal these poor, souls,
Alas; those who dwell outside the city of the Chosen,
must pay a price for their freedom.

The Others: Mindlessness and compulsion-seem:)
to Color their every deed. What might it take to réturn
them to the path of Maat?


The Egyptians viewed the sahuas the incorruptible and everlast-
ing portion of the soul that passed onward to helyens Greek writers
later labeled it asa higher k In later
centuries, comparisons were made to the chal idea of the soul.
The various interpretations maintained the spirit's reward of eternity
in everlasting peace, known to the ancient Egyptians as the Fields of
Avaru. Sadly, the sahu's presumed final rest was sometimes denied by
warping the principles of Ma'at. The power of Apophis grew so great
that it could debase even the sahu if a person was petty, cruel and
corrupt enough. While the Corrupter fed upon that person's other
essences, the lost immortal sahu was forced into servitude to the great
beast. Thankfully, such overwhelming corruption was rare. And once
the sahu reached the glory of A'aru, it was safé from Apophis'
depredations.

Or so many sahu thought. The destruction of Amenti and the
ravages that the underworld suffered pulled the sahu from A'aru as a
cruel reminder of the debt that they still owed the living. Many sahu
had long ago turned their attention away from the fate of the rést of
their collective being. Others simply despaired of ever being reunited
with the other portions of their spirit and took solace in their heavenly
comforts. The sudden destruction of the rest of their spiritual being by
the Dja-akh cut like a bloody khopesh through the serenity that the
sahu had gained in paradise. Even sahu in the depths of Apophis' coils
felt the surge of pain that swept through them at the loss of the rest of
their being. The beast only laughed at their new agonies, but the
Corrupter unwittingly bestowed upon these lost sahu a chance at
redemption. They gained a vision of their previous wrongs, forged in
the fires of the world's pain, that gave them the strength to escape
Apophis' gra

Whether they returned from a heaven that was ignorant of the
darkness sweeping the modern world or they fled from a hell in which
they paid for their participation in its downfall, the sahu recalled the
ancient ways of Ma'at. With trepidation — but with an even stronger
sense of duty — the sahu turned their attention back to the mortal
realm. The sahu found a world far different from the one they left
behind. Immense changes left virtually nothing the same. Even much
of the ancient land was unrecognizable. Only worn tombs and pyra
mids remained, and the timeless Nile flowed as it always had. Of the
old way of life, there remained only the Undying, the ancient recipi-
ents of the Spell of Life, and a scattering of mortals who still followed
the teachings of their god-king.

More striking than the transformations wrought by history was
the realization that Ma'at had fallen far out of balance. Despite the
desire to return to the peace of A'aru, the sahu knew that their duty was
clear. After the perfection of heaven, many sahu saw the living world
asa dark place lost to the light of the divine. They saw themselves as
the bringers of that light. They took the name Mesektet, the Night
Suns or Vessels of Ra.

A sahu seeks to complete a mortal whose life revolved around
deception, superficiality and shortsighted folly; someone ruled by a
desire to lie or cheat. Such an individual is marked by impatience and

Pp.

MUMMY: THE

MN asohtot

NIGHT SUNS OR VESSELS OF RA
Shadows and crete fall ae hifire yu pye sad hid has soon bean 3 brillance,

dominated by temporal concerns as she deceives herselfand others. A
charlatan seeking a quick dollar, a dreamer who dreams to escape
rather than for inspiration, a politician grabbing a fase vote with no
plan for tomorrow —each ith

hopes to join. The sahu brings to the joining integrity — ‘te practice
of keeping his deeds in line with his words — and honesty —~ the
practice of keeping his words in line with his deeds.

While resurrection brings the sahu back to the mundane world,
itdoesnot remove the spirit's link tothe divine, The Mesektet reforms
hisbody and spirit around the golden purity ofRa, executingan earthly
echo of the sun god's eternal dance across the sky in a never-ending
battle against dark Apophis. While the sun is in the sky, the Mesektet
isas powerfulas any mummy. However, at sundown, the Amenti is left
deathly tired and weakened. Some claim that the Mesektet's sahu
fragment supplies Ra with strength to carry on his battle in the
darkness, while others believe the sahu is allowed that time to return
briefly to the gentle fields of A'aru. Regardless, the Mesektet is left
undéniably weakened during the night,

Iisa thar the desig of Maat is writen inthe stars, The Night
e stars with asp l
deceit of the mundane world. No one can see the hints of the Creator's
plan as clearly as one who has walked the promised lands. Such
understanding does not mean that'a Mesektet is merely a complacent
seer waiting for his visions to come true. With practice, sucha mummy
can call down the fires of heaven and command the storms of the sky.

The Hajj: The sahu's biggest problem in bringing its mortal host
to the Web of Faith is the spirit's unique diurnal condition. It travels
like any other animate corpse during the day, but the sahu must
slumber at night. As a result, the return takes longer than for other
tem-akh. Not only does the sahu lose time at night, but also during the
day since it must find a safe hiding place before sunset.

The Third Life: Atonement marks the beginning of a new life
for the Mesektet. The mortal's life was likely built around the exploi-
tation of others. Joining with a tem-akh that is familiar with the
perfection of paradise inspires him to atone for his past wrongs. The
Mesektet directs the wiles he once put to shameful ends toward
redemption instead. Of all the Amenti, the Mesektet is most likely to
involve himself in his former life. Whether his actions are open or
surreptitious, the Vessel of Ra tries to repair the shattered family he
abandoned, restore careers he wrecked or excise the underhanded
mechanisms he once put in place to harm others. He tries to learn
when to rebel and where to set boundaries.

As the mummy comes to terms with his memories of heaven
and advances in the understanding of Ma'at, he must also decide
how best to use his talents. Thanks to visions gained through his
Celestial magic, the Mesektet can often preempt some future
tragedy or act upon secret knowledge. His access to hidden infor-
mation and his experience in A'aru shape a need to bring the will
of the divine to fruition. Hard lessons are likely to follow, as he
learns to balance his ability to change fate with the impact such
interference may have. Every word and gesture becomes an instru-

nem th

RESURRECTION


ment of revelation, and he must ensure that the designs of the gods
are concealed from those who would defy them. In the manner of
a prophet, the Mesektet's speech may become cryptic and his deeds
inscrutable. Ironically, others may consider his unearthly ways
divine, so he must be careful that o
eager adherents do not carry his
words to the extreme, Ideally, the
Mesektet does not lead others into
decisions, but he helps them learn
skills chat will let them choose for
themselves what is right.
Affiliations: The
Mesektet are drawn to
places where mortals
pursue justice orwhere
the flow of informa-
tion helps improve
the world around
them. The
Mesektet are split
nearly equally in
their support for
two major Amenti

out of loyalty to
Horus' father,
Osiris. They
see Horus'
reign as
the reflec-
tion of
heaven on
Earth, and it
fills them with nostalgia
for the perfection of
Avaru. They hope that
gifting the followers of
Horus with their fore-
sight will help restore
Ma‘at and return them
to A'aru more quickly.
Others join the Chil-
dren of Osiris,
believing that only
theycommuneclearly
with the Lord of Life.
They keep careful
tabs on the Sefekhi
in hopes of prevent-
ing trouble.
Character Cre-
ation: A mortal who
becomesa Mesektet
was usually im-
moral and greedy
before the resur-
tection. As such, Charisma, Manipulation and Wits are dominant
Attributes. Physical Attributes are usually a low priority for the Night
Suns since the sahu transcended the physical realm long ago, and its
modern soul was usually too lazy to pursue such developments. The
odd blend of crass craftiness and celestial wisdom means that many of
aMesektet's key Abilities include Subterfuge, Alertness, Meditation,

Cosmology and Occult, In his new life, the Vessel of Ra seeks paths
that grant him the ability to alter others' lives, yet protect his own
secrecy. He carries out the divine will, as he sees it, yethe seeks to hide
his own nightly lethargy from others. Corrupt lawyers, unscrupulous
reporters and dirty cops are often chosen by sahu tem-akh, and they
become changed men,

Primary Hekau: Celestial

Purpose: Eternal or Perfect Self. The path of the future isa visible, if
sometimes confusing, road ro those with oracular power divine a
allot of time looking for signs of his fate and trying to fal the i of the
gods. This search enables him to foresee
own oracular powers or by divinely inspired insight.

Each day, the Mesektet hasadice pool equal tohis Balance rating
that his player may use to re-rolll any task he just attempted. The new
result isapplied whether itis better or worse than the original roll. Fate
does not always approve of interference, nor do the gods pander to the
whimsof theirfollowers. A playercan use each die in this foresight pool
only once per (in-game) day, but the player may choose how many dice
to apply to a given re-roll until he uses up that day's pool. The dice
pool replenishes at the first hine of daylight each morning,
Liability: Each Mescktct is bound tightly to the cycle of Ra, From
of

the il zon, the

mummy's sahu spirit goes into a kind of eclipse. Some think that the sahu
aids Ra in hisnightly contestagainst Apophis during these periods. Others
suspect thatthe sahuslips back to enjoy the delights of A'aru fora few short
hours. Regardless, the Mesektet is weakened and confused by the
departure of his sahu.

‘To reflect this condition, all of the character's dice pools
lose two dice at night. Many Mesektet sleep this time away in
a near death state, aranging for associates and/ ot powerful

them. Th al) Mesektet
struggle against the darkness, considering their lethargy the price
to be paid for the chance to someday return to A'

Kher-minu:, The Tomb Watchers once were'tioble
guardians. Now they are cowards. They fear death, tod
much. Have they forgotten that we are immortal; afd
that glory awaits.us in the next life?

Khri-habi: The Scroll-bearers never reached A'atu,
but they made a noble attempt. They created a way
station for the lost souls and faithfully awaited Osi
awakening.

Sakhmu: The Spirit Scepters prepared the way to
heaven, sendingius to the afterlife with every provision
one could necd. In return we spoke for them in the
presence of heaven. So it has-always been.

Sefekhi: There have never been such beasts in
paradise. When Ma'at is restored, there will be no place
for these brutes. They are but swords to be beaten into
plowshares once the war is won.

Udja-sen: The judges have seen fit to give cies
a second chance. We will watch them carefully.
The Others: Others such as these were neyer seen
in paradise, but then the ways of heaven are mysterious.
‘The stars suggest that they play an important part in the

Modeler's plan.

"fools

CHAPTER TWO. THE RESURRECTED.


DANTIMU

SPIRIT SCEPTERS

Bx Orchid THe CICS OF THC LIVING TO

The ancient Egyptians understood the khu to be an aura that
linked the individual's physical and spiritual forms. More accu
rately, the khu served as a kind of shield and spirit anchor. When
aperson died, the khu enwrapped her soul in a protective ectoplas-
mic caul that carried the spirit safely across the Shroud that
separates the physical and spiritual worlds. The khu then served as
a link between the spirit world and the individual's body.

Ancient Egyptian funerary practices not only :dthekhu
in making a safe transition, they ensured that the spirit could
extract itself more easily from the caul to begin its journey in the
underworld. The khu remained connected to its corpse, resting in
the timeless void of Duat. Its incorporeal essence forged a powerful
link between che soul's other spirit aspects and che khat, shining
into the underworld like a phantom beacon visible to the far-
ranging ba and serving as an anchoring fetter for the watchful ka.

Insightful Egyptians determined that this hetic con-

THC SACKCD, WC CAM NICAL THC WORLD.

her. Typically, th this I struggled tocreate thing of perma-
nence, butshels cl ion. One might hav bled
over others in her climb up the corporate ladder only to reach an
empty top rung. Another may have searched for an elusive secret
to success in business or relationships, but looked for all the wrong
signs. One could have grown old and bitter, so wrapped up in the
self-absorbed bustle of the daily grind that she never saw the beauty
of the world around her. Such a person hungered to be the center
of the world and, in so doing, never found her place within it. The
khu opens the eyes of the spiritually blind and reveals the powerful
vision found at the gateway between the realms. Its new host looks
upon the glory and horror of the underworld, beholds the majesty
beyond the veil and bears witness to the intricate ties that bind life
and death to the sacred.

In the new life, the Spirit Scepters have revived the magical

Hel |

I f Effigy (called Ushabti in ancient Egypt). Insight into

nection between physical semblance and spiritual form could be
encouraged in specially prepared objects: The dead were gifted
with finely crafted figurines of workmen whose spirit reflections
served as their laborers in the fields of heaven. Tools and weapons.
ptepared appropriately served their literal and figurative use in the
afterlifeas well. Recognizing this resonances the presenceofsome
manner of khu in all of material creation, priests and sorcerers
sought to then and manipulate their own khus' inf
upon the spiritual and material alike, Such was their skill and
reverence that, upon their deaths, they became gatekeepers he-
tween the temporal and the eternal.

However, their preparation did not account for plundering
invaders and curious explorers. Bodies were removed from their
tombs, dragging the attached khu along unwillingly. These corpses
were spread across the world, stuffed into trophy cases, ground into
poultices, burned as fuel and destroyed in scientific study. Perhaps
the only benefit to this enforced diaspora was that it carried the
names and culture of Egypt to a world that was hungry for its
ancient mystery. The faithful khu seized on this glimmer of hope,
seeking to harness the energy of young civilizations to revive their
dyingone. The rampaging Dja-akh destroyed that hope. Weak and
torpid khu were annihilated, leaving inert corpses and cheap relics
devoid of inspiration in theirabsence. Only the brightest of the khu
survived the storm, finding refuge within their bodies or their
protective likenesses. These valiant survivors remembered a time
when their talents were respected by kings and commoners alike.
They took the name Sakhmu, after the carved wooden sword-
maces representing the bond between temporal duty and that of
the divine.

In each ku shines the light of creative brilliance. To achieve
the Third Life, the khu seeks out one who was dull and selfish or
plodding and self-centered in life. A mortal with an empty life
already seeking something of the divine and begging for it to. et

MUMMY: THE

the spirit world inspires the Sakhmu to invest their crafts with the
spark of the divine. Using new technology empowered by ancient
mysticism, some Sakhmu even seek to harness the energy of the
Dja-akh that still rumbles in the underworld.

‘The Hajj: Due to its experience inhabiting prepared vessels,
the khu is well-suited to animating the host's corpse. It suffers none
of the physical limitations that otherwise plague the walking dead,
It faces the barriers of language and culture as does any other tem-
akh, however.

The Third Life: A newly resurrected Sakhmu revels in her
newfound inspiration. Her hands move with a grace that eluded
her in the Second Life. Visions tantalize the mummy from the
comers of her eyes, and her imagination flares as never before. The
Sakhmu feels as though images just beyond the physical realm are
hammering their way into reality using her as the tool. The
corresponding thrill of creating is irrepressible (if only for a mo-
ment), and it may inspire its own sense of awe in one who beholds
some fragmentary glimpse of the divine.

After a time, the Spirit Scepter stands back and looks at her
own works with a removed sense of wonder. Asshe advances along
the path of Ma'at, she begins to see each piece as a mere reflection
of the Modeler's greater design. Art for the sake of self-gratification
ideally gives way to craftsmanship that is destined to serve greater
functions. Her paintings evoke the grand lessons of life and death.
Innovative and elegant applications of technical skill leave a
legacy to help others during her sojourns into the underworld.
Masterful attention to rendering the spirit within the material
allows her to craft relics and raiment that attend the dead. The
Sakhmu continually gains a greater understanding of her role as
eternal link between the two worlds. She sees that she is the hand
of a greater architect and can help craft the gateways through
which others may pass into the spiritual realms.

j

RESURRECTION


Affiliations: The ways in which the Spirit Scepters interact
with mortal society depend on their particular talents. A newly
inspired poet might frequent (or found) a bohemian poetry club. A
once-faithless practitioner of voodoo
might learn to dance so fervently
that the spirits flock to her side. A
musician might try to start a band.
This diversity of interests is re-
flected in the characters'
interaction with mummy groups as
well. Sakhmu Amenti are found
within the Cultof|sisand the Shemsu-
heru. The Ashukhi Corporation recruits
aggressively from among the Spirit
Scepters with a keen eye out for
those whocombine the
ancient Hekau of Ef-
figy with highly
technical proficiencies.

Character Cre-
ation: A Sakhmumummy's
experience in his Third Life is
comparable to that of a blind
man who can suddenly see.
Granted mystical insight
into the spiritual corre-
spondences of every
objectaroundher, the
mummy is immersed
in a world of terrible
chaos and intricate loveliness. The khu
of an ancient Egyptian artisan, gifted
with sacred vision and the power to c}
ate beauty, bonds with one who has
hunger nly for any kind of talent or
inspiration. Such an individual often had a
boring technical job or was an uninspired
craftsman. Concepts range froma housepainter
who can now create haunting and evocative
portraits to an idle whittler who discovers im-
ages hiding in every piece of wood she touches
to a programmer whose every line of code is
elegance itself. Dexterity is a highly prized Phys
cal Attribute since artisans are often clever with
their hands. Keen senses and creative intuition
often indicate a high Perception and Wits. The
khu brings with it artistic talents, or it flares
existing creative skills to new heights. Any
Ability associated with craftsmanship or the
performing arts may be so affected.

Primary Hekau: Effigy

Purpose: The Shining Self. The khu's
inner light glimmers beneath the surface of
reality like a hint of the divine. This essence
does not necessarily express itself in tradi-
tional physical beauty, but instead it
conveys a depth and resonance through
the mummy's art. While the Sakhmu may not always see clearly
into the spirit world, she can at least peer fitfully into its
mysteries and draw vision and insight from those glimpses. She

VIEWS

Kher-minu: The Tomb Watchers guarded the khat
while we.watched the gateway to the underworld. Now
they seem more concerned with how they look than the
struggles we face. At least some-of us fomiennbey hat
there is.an underworld,

Khri-habi: Bah, ‘boring. It's like talking to a com-
puter. And... they:...consider.., every... word.

Mesektet: We have long stood at the gateway
between the two.worlds. The Night Suns have voyaged
to the hidden realm and returned. We can only imagine
the sights they have seen in A'aru! | 4

Sefekhi: People like to forget their dark side. [ like
tohelp. them remember, but ‘if you see one of the
Unbandaged Ones, you will remember, I guarantee your

Udja-sen: Such tortured souls. | remember what it
was like to feel empty on the inside like that. Only:
didn't do anything to deserve it. ih .

The Others: I would like to see one of the Others,
How must it feel to be an artifact of the past rather than
to have created one?

stands at the gateway and tantalizes the spirits with promises of
the vitality of life. Those same spirits tease her in turn with
knowledge from the murky side of the mirror.

A Sakhmu's player may re-roll any Awareness dice pool (or
any one that supplements artistic endeavors), by substituting her
character's Balance rating instead. The new result is 2
whether it is better or worse than the original roll. An "ar
might include Expression, Performance, Crafts or possibly even
Computeras longas such use is insightful, interesting and provoca-
tive. Other skills, such as a dancer's Athletics, might feasibly
qualify, but the Storyteller should watch for attempts to abuse this
talent to achieve "beautiful kills" or other crass feats of power-
gaming nonsense. One cannot stare at the spirit of something she
has defiled and not be defiled in return. A Sakhmu who tries to do
so finds her muse inexplicably failing her for extended periods until
she has learned her lesson. .. or perhaps forever if she corrupts her
khu too deeply.

Liability: The shining khu makes it difficult to miss a
Sakhmu. A Spirit Scepter exudes an inexpli-
+knbak— cably singular attraction, a gift that inevitably
v makes her impossible to ignore. All efforts to
maintain anonymity or avoid detection suffer a
+2 penalty to the target number. So a Sakhmu
trying to be sneaky suffers +2 difficulty to her
Stealth roll. Likewise, if she is the object of an
unresisted Perception roll, the searching party's
target difficulty decreases by two. In situations
involving random targets or confused identity,
the Spirit Scepter is the one most easily chosen
or remembered. A spree killer firing wildly into a
crowd or a forgetful witness viewing a lineup will almost always
pick the Sakhmu. Two edges come with gaining the notice of
the spirit realms, and some artists would say that they both cut
equally deeply.

CHAPTER TWO: THE RESURRECTED

Uw ww wwwww WW


Sefekhi

THE UNBANDAGED ONES

T have fong suffered in the underworld for my sins. Now you will suffer for yours.

The khaibit is the driving and aggressive essence of the being.

It epitomizes drive of all sorts: rage and lust as well as the desire for
mastery and success, As a "shadow" of the soul, the khaibit usually
remained attached to the ka or ba in the afterlife. In the absence of.
the khaibit, apathy and stasis prevail. The khaibit, consequently, is
among the most enduring parts of the being. Ina sense, the khaibit
a spiritual manifestation of the unbound id of Westem psychology.
Even the Egyptians feared its unrestricted animalistic urges, and
other ghosts in the spirit realms were terrified by the shadow'

savagery. Religious philosophies from the early decrees of Osiris to

control. The shadow-possessed body is bound in bandages that are
inscribed with protective spells. Once the priest in charge ofthe ritual
begins the spell, he cuts hieratic symbols deep into the flesh of the
corpse, allowing the excess darkness to flow out from the soul until
the shadow comes into equilibrium with the host's conscience.
Although they vary somewhat, the ceremonial cuts often mark the
legendary sites of Osiris' wounds where Set ripped his brother apart.
Therefore, a scar may run around the Amenti's neck, another traces
along the spine, others curve eerily around each eye socket, and one
even outlines the scalp. Many a mummy remains shaven-headed,

pacifistic teachings of Christian sectsha

power. Necromantic rituals existed that could purge the khaibit frott
the soul, allowing a spirit to enter the next world unfettered by its
primal darkness. Because such spells were rare and reserved for those
whom the priesthood found especially worthy — often those so pious
their khaibit were not very strong to begin with — the darkest
shadows usually passed into the underworld unhindered.

Asthe Scales of Ma'at tipped further intoimbalance, the realms
of the living and dead alike plunged deeper into darkness, Aggressive
khaibit found employ within the city of Amenti as generals, watch-
men and assassins. Many of these powerful shadows survived when
the Dja-akh swept through the underworld and destroyed the Dark
Kingdom of Sand. In the aftermath, they took to stalking the spirit
world like ravenous beasts. Lacking the moral rudders of the ba or ka,
the khaibit followed their basest desires, gaining a terrible reputation
for rapacious hungers and ferocious attacks.

The call of Osiris has given each khaibit new direction. It tracks
down a mortal whose darker half is frail and weak. The shadow-soul
invariably partners with a new spirit that is timid, restrained or
unassertive. This quiescence may be due to a lack of drive or
aggressive tendencies, a strong will, pacifism or rigid self-discipline.
When the khaibit enters the corpse, the terrified soul of the newly
dead often retreats far into the depths of its consciousness, cowering
like a frightened child before the untempered impulses that flows
from the khaibit.

Endowed with supernatural strength and limitless drive, the
Khaibit tem-akh drive: ‘orpse on the hajj to resurrection with
terrifying determination. The feral khaibit's journey to the Lands of
Faith has not escaped the attention of the waiting resurrection cults.
The Children of Osiris began a practice that has since spread to many
other sects, that of sending out a heavily armed group to hunt down
each rampaging khaibit corpse. Violent clashes often result, but the
carefully organized bands of warrior-priests almost alwaysretumn with
their quarry. The subdued khaibit corpse, often k d an

like the ancient priests, to enhance the disturbing effect this pattern
ofscars creates. Perhaps most disturbing is that the ritual scarification
also involves mutilating or even removing the Amenti's sexual
organs. Acting as more than an echo of Osiris' legendary loss, this
mutilation has proven to be the most effective means of tempering
the khaibit's dangerous influence. The ensorcelled bandages keep
the mummy immobilized throughout the ceremony. Only when itis
clear that the soul union is complete and the resurrected mummy has
come to terms with her shadow is she released from her linen
imprisonment. Therefore, each of these Amenti comes to be known
as Sefekhi, or Unbandaged One.

The khaibit's primitive connection with the darker forces of the
underworld, combined with the mortuary practices of the cults that
capture the driven corpse, has led the shadow-born to specialize in
the Hekau of Necromancy.

There are whispered tales of catacombs full of wrapped and
writhing mummies who are bound in a desperate struggle to bring
shadow and conscience into balance. Few questions haunt the minds
of the priests as much as this one: What would happen if some force
freed the untamed Sefekhi? Such thoughts weigh heavily upon the
wartior-priests of Osiris who deal with the Sefekhi. They may sleep,
but they do not rest.

The Hajj: The khaibit takes full advantage of its possession of
a powerful undead body. It rages toward the Land of Khem with no
regard for obstacles or ii to stand in its path.
Misunderstood and helpless to express its confusion and rage, the
shadow soul crushes | the life from those who deny its least urge. It

ies of Ma'at who
So follow the wa in hope of exterminating all Amenti.

The Third Life: The first steps of the Unbandaged One down
the path of Ma'at are shaky and frequently bloody. The dark urges of
the khaibit are never completely under control, and they always
threaten to surge back to the surface. Only through the excision of

broken, is taken to the cult's secluded temple and put through the
ritual of resurrection. Of all the tem-akh, the khaibit displays the
most difficulty adapting to the merging of souls. Resurrection grants
the opportunity for a peaceful union, but the bestial shadow spirit
often fights to retain complete control of the be

The Amenti undergoes an intensely painful variation of the
Great Rite, which is designed to bring the raging khaibit under

thesexua arification can the Sefekhi mitigate
the dark instincts that drive her being. At every turn, she seeks to
redirect her seething excess energy into constructive endeavors.
Therefore, the Sefekhi is the soldier of the Amenti. She performs the
most violent and dangerous tasks that Osiris and Ma'at call for. She
does so, in part, as her sacred duty, but also as a way of releasing and
reveling in her feral nature.

a

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTIOI AA


———————_——--

Unbandaged Ones align themselves with the Eset-a and dream of
gathering the scattered bits of Osiris' soul. With their knowledge of

~-Kher-minu: The Tomb Watchers stood guard dur- Necromancy, they hope to resurrect Osiris, that he may lead them
ing the-darkest times. Their failure. was due only to the directly
inaction of others. When we stand beside them as broth- Character Creation: The raw hunger of the khaibit glares
ets, we will be invincible. through the once-docile eyes of the mortal body. The mortal may
®< Khri-habi: All talk and no action. If they are'such have been a milquetoast, or a control junkie with sufficient will to
‘phenomenal healers, why don't they bring Osiris back? repress her base desires utterly. In any case, the bonding of souls
Besides, death is part, of the balance, They should know 's those feral urges that slumber beneath a civilized
gee: facade. The resurrection usually grants the Sefekhi powerful Physical

ength and Stamina, and she retains the

at served the tem-akh so well in its role as a
ravi agli shaun: The freedom of thought that comes from rejecting
smothering social mores is often reflected by a high Wits rating

. Al S) pa larly

fards; too. Keep sticking your nose:where it doesn't
belong, sun-sailor, and we'll send you back to paradise!

Sakhmu: Ooh, pretty! Want! Okay, so they get-a. Social Attrit lly tertiary, sinceneitherthe Unb
litele too lost in their art classes sometimes, but we have One's monastic nor bestial elements leave her particularly well
~to agree that life is empty without beauty. versed in social niceties. The mummy may possess a bounty of

religious and philosophical knowledge that she obtained in the

Second Life. Ina sense, the Unbandaged One is
the ultimate philosopher-warrior, contem-
plating what must be done then taking
action herself. Very high Willpower is
essential in order to reflect both the
| khaibit's unyielding focus and the fact
that only the strongest will can overcome
the unbridled shadow-soul.

"hu... Udja-sen: Osiris sent them back, so he wants them
to have another.go at it. But he also made them easy to.
fack up if they fuck up. We'll take 'em out if we have to.
©" The Others: If fixing the world means they have to
G0}'s0 be it.

pai.
Once the Unbandaged One manages to conuollieg primitive
side, hernext goal istomake peace with her savage urges. The Sefekhi
sees humanity's bestial side as both natural and necessary. As she
progresses along the path of Ma'at, the Sefekhi feels the rightness of
er actions without question. She understands, at a vise
level, the dangers of apathy, inaction and passivity. Timidity
and laziness let the Corrupter swallow victims without even,
aking an effort. An Unbandaged One advanced far
alongthe path of Ma'at may actually abandon her bestial
demeanor, channeling all the passion of her khaibit
instead into tireless and unrelenting action in the ser-
vice of Ma'at. While other mummies may lose conviction,
become distracted or yield to the urge to rest, the Sefekhi
learns to hamess her bestial drive to the goals of her
higher mind
Affiliations: The Unbandaged Ones shy away from
long-termentanglements with mortal institutions. Their,
eerie presence is disruptive, and the antagonism that
they breed makes them unwelcome. When they do
form lasting ties with mortals, they often do so
with cloistered, ascetic religious fellowships to
which they were connected in the Second
Life, or extremist groups that are intent on
making the world a better place regardless of
thecost. Within mummy society, the Sefekhi
are split almost entirely between two groups,
the Children of Osiris and the Eset-a. Those
Unbandaged Ones within the Children of Osiris
generally consider themselves the physical em-
bodiment of Osiris' will, and they do their best to
enact his design as they see it. Some Sefekhi
attend to those among their brethren whoare yet
unable to reach a balance between their raging
Khaibit and modern soul, and so they remain clois-
tered in the tombs of Abydos. The Mesektet also
watch over these mummies, creating tension
between the two Amenti groups. Other

Primary Hekau: Necromancy
Purpose: The Shadow or Instine-
tive Self. A Sefekhi can tap
into the primal strength of
hertem-akh toovercomeoth-
erwise debilitating injuries

Each day, the Sefekhihasa
dice pool equal to her Balance
rating that her player may use to re-
rollanyStamina-based testorresistance
diepool. Thenewresultisapplied whether
itis better or worse than the original roll.
The player can use each die in this pool
only once per (in-game) day, but he may
choose how many dice to apply toa given
re-toll until he uses up the pool for that day,
The dice pool replenishes just as midnight
passes each night.

Liability: The release of oneself to the
primal depths of the soul isnot without
cost. The khaibit desires immediate
gratification, which is a terri
fying thing given that the
khi is violence and
hunger incarnate. The
Sefekhi radiates a pal-
pable sense of ferocity
and menace that is rein-
forced by the eerie scars covering
her body. The discomfort they engen-
der results in a +2 difficulty penalty to all

Social rolls except those involving Intimi-
dation. At the Storyteller's discretion, this
penalty may not apply to interactions with
certain others, such as priests of Osiris, other
a Nini ie mummies or extremely disturbed individuals.
CHAPTER TWO. THE RESURRECTED

CE EE Eee ease bebe bet eke


ONES

JUDGED
What iD J Do to deserve this?

Much can go wrong in joining a tem-akh and a dying
mortal. In some cases, the tem-akh replaces the weak or
underdeveloped portion of the deceased's soul, buta remain-
ing portion of the modern soul may be too weak to withstand
the rigors of immortality. When an individual receives the
Rite of Rebirth, Anubis leads the joined soul before the
Judges of Ma'at. In Egyptian tradition, the judges weigh the
dual spirit's heart against the feather of the goddess Ma'at. If
the heart is found wanting, the joined soul is cast away to be
devoured by the beast Amemait. A union deemed worthy
returns to its body to become one of the Amenti.

Perhaps times have become more desperate, or maybe
ancient myth simply neglected to relate the occurrence, but
occasionally the judges do not condemn. all of a soul that
they find lacking. Instead, the judges remove the corrupt
portion in order to prevent the whole being from falling to
Apophis. The tem-akh is then warped from its natural state
by the Judges of Ma'at — stretched, in a sense, to cover the
mummy's spiritual wounds. Any function the tem-akh may
have served, as well as most of its memories, are wiped clean.
The resultant bond of body and soul remains capable of
resurrection, but it possesses a sort of mystical wound that
serves as an eternal reminder of its judgment. Other mum-
mies and the resurrection cults refer to these unfortunates as
Udja-sen, or the Judged Ones.

Many Amenti who have fallen prey to this fate regard
the judgment as unfair. At best, they think of it as a sort of
consolation prize for being chosen by an injudicious tem-
akh. In return, some hope to earn the peace that those who
perceive and understand the highest realms of Ma'at gain.
Others fall by the way and grow to hate the ones who belittle
them. Some flee the Lands of Faith, seeking to escape roles
that the strange cults are trying to force upon them. Their
strong spirits bear deep wounds, but those wounds are also
indicative of freedom and a new life.

Tortured by a sense that he is empty inside or somehow
unworthy, the Udja-sen struggles to understand his role in
the world. Udja-sen means the Judged or the Cut One. The
hole cut in the mummy's soul continues to punish him
throughout the Third Life. Every use of Hekau pulls Sekhem
directly from his khat to supplement his damaged spirit.
Others mummies in particular, seem to judge the Udja-sen
automatically for his past failings.

The path of the Udja-sen through the supernatural
realms of the world is troubled. Unlike the other new
Reborn, he does not have the benefit of a sentient tem-akh
to explain the path of Ma'at, nor does he accept the exist-
ence of Osiris as an obvious truth. He is lost, with only the
guidance of his own heart to lead him through the darker
reality that is invisible to mortals. Hoping to achieve some
redemption — and fearful of failing — the Udja-sen acts
with careful deliberation.

The Hajj: An Amenti of this type began with one of the
five tem-akh listed previously. He makes the initial journey
to the Lands of Faith as appropriate to that tem-akh, but he
likely does not recall the trip after his resurrection.

The Third Life: The Judged One begins his new life
confused and in pain. Unlike other mummies, he does not
sense his tem-akh asa strong and guiding presence. To make
matters worse, having sucha large portion of his soul excised
has left him with enormous gaps in his memories of the
Second Life. The Judged One feels empty and torn inside,
and he simmers with bitterness at the seeming unfairness of
his situation. With such ambivalent feelings, it's no surprise
that the Udja-sen feels alienated from both the living and
from the other Resurrected. While he isn't exactly a pariah
among mummies and their followers, the sense of alienation
keeps the Judged One on the periphery of nascent mummy
society. This alienation also leaves the Udja-sen in great risk
of falling into the coils of Apophis. The Udja-sen's initial
task is to come to terms with his status, make peace with
solitude and not let it push him into unwise courses of action
or destructive alliances.

In time, the Judged One must come to see his place on the
edge not as a cue, but as a blessing. His distance from other
freedom to travel de the Lands
of Faith — grants the Udja-sen access to viewpoints and
information that the others may never come across. Likewise,
he may choose to serve Osiris or spend his immortality cultivat-
ing Ma'at in other ways. Rather than continue to play the role
of pariah, the Judged One realizes that he is in a position to
choose exactly what his relationship is with other mummies. If
that relationship doesn't suit him, he is free to make it what he
wants it to be. Amid the pain of punishment, the Udja-sen can
discover the gift of freedom.

MUMMY! THE RESURRECTION


wees en

Affiliations: No two Udja-sen are alike in how they
came to be what they are. As a result, their interaction
with mortal society is similarly varied. Many Udja-sen
connect with groups that advocate individual freedom

and responsibility, but this
trend is by no means
universal. Some Udja-
sen are devout in an
effort to atone for
their sins or those of
the tem-akh that effec-
tively gave up its existence
so that the Udja-sen
might carry on. None
of the mummy orga-
nizations specifically
excludes the Judged
Ones, but the Udja-

sen face
tremendous preju-
dice amongst

those groups. Only
the Cult of Isis is
truly receptive to the
Udja-sen. The cult's
tradition of upholding
the history and cul-

ture of ancient

world.

Character Creation: Since a Judged One could he
he might have fit any number of mold:
Judges of Ma'at, and his completing spirit was rent in some unnatural way to cover the wound
in his soul — snuffing out its sentience in the process. The only notable commonalties
among the Udja-sen are a desire for independence and a character generally incompatible
with the lifestyles of the Lands of Faith. High Intelligence, Wits and Stamina are
common if only because Udja-sen don't last long without those Attributes.

Primary Hekau: Any

Purpose: The Udja-sen is an exception to many rules. He is not so tied into
the Lands of Faith as other
of Faith, the Judged One is more open to the mystical energy that flows in the

Whenever an Udja-sen replenishes Sekhem,
number of additional Sekhem points equal to his Balance rating. Once a day,
he may also transfer to another mummy a number of Sekhem points equal to
lance rating. This bonus is subject to the Udja-sen's liability.

Liability: The reason that the Udja

Kher-minu; They're Jescending as hell, but
from what we can tell, they're more than willing to hetp:
you out if things get ugly. :

Khri-habi: The Scroll-bearers are the best friends'
we have amongst the "unjudged." Stick close to them
you haye the option. Not only can they take away some:
of the pain, they're smart enough not to judge. othette
without the facts:

Mesektet: So these guys are on a mission: from:
heaven or something? I wish they'd leave us alone, damn:
it. Let's hope they don't have more "judges" stashed away.
somewhere who are going to hit us with their brand*of
"Sustice," too.

Sakhmu: They're okay. They'd be better than okay.
if they'd make us some of their cool magic toys. =

Sefekhi: Considering what these violent, spooky-
ays, carved up psychopaths are like, you could argue that
we have it better. Almost.

The Others: Look, we got our own problems with-
out ooking for more:trouble. On the other hand, if it's
trotible they want, we've got some tospare. Dishing it out,
hurts.a little — but what doesn't?

Egypt as well as trying to heal the world in the name of the mother goddess means that
even those who recognize the flawed nature of the Judged Ones are forgiving.

e received any of the types of tem-akh,
However, his soul was cut even more deeply by the

are. Regardless of the boundaries of the Web

is player may add a

sen is so open to the flow of mystical energies is because he

has an open wound gaping within his soul; the use of Sekhem only exacerbates the spiritual ravages.

‘Any expenditure of Sekhem inflicts upon the mummy one level of bashing damage pet point of

Sekhem spent. This damage occurs whether that Sekhem comes from his own reserves

{HorN-2k——= or flows through him from an outside source. Since this damage is voluntary, these
wounds cannot be soaked.

CHAPTER TWO: THE RESURRECTED


(May had' never fit in, even befowe Iie seaies Corring basek from the great beyond, he >
beer promised a vesh stave. Jnstead, Ie fele as if be'> Tost some vital port of Frome "chat
he laa yet to vecover. Although he sernscd the pore of cternity inside him, (Max ‘ection

vA
incetphete Che np othevs ‘Te Irs that he'd srct treated hiv vxth devision ‘or ty. St was

jest wack sles he was bookish (May, wallflorver Mas, nobody V ace. (firally,
7
t, if anything, be fale Scsovie Toot ‘

be Lanes anymore, Cle came back to ee ob ao grounds, hoping it woul, sivs

bros the sense of Momsings that he needed to stavt over,
than ever.

Perhaps it was duc to the lack 4 divection that ( May foun Iroc more alls to
tale chances. fille tomishe. C The ol Max would never have haw the verve to buy a tvinky
outfit, let alone wvcar it iv prable Brat be har. be had even worn ewe, & ythabe Aw, slider
of wonders, nebor y bers to vealee that he vin'e belong. May har even noticed couple
wwome looking at "Divo Ove Jad even arviled for Christ's. Glee! :

May pondered th trmirade as he svralled hore alons raivrshcled atwects The cover charge
And, Drvvaks hav beens prisiee el than he' expected, >, heawring iow wrth no cab fore Somethings caught
Iis attention as be posse an alley Buf realizing hat be was doing, (Max stepped into
the pavlouseli Cte inabe lout: soune figures just beyond A Durspster. on Iiis eves adjusted to
the darloess, | Ie vealized that Ie sans sratehyiong thee wens Janling; a Bowarr roughly, May
loners he should leave, Jt was none of his Rrascnega'o/ Mere ‘York was a hard tonm Cle was
outntarsaberred the rec-to-ore, VW Int could he do Iesides get hive | Iravt alors; wath bev

Max bes he srae move surpriecd sibs the greys seve ales be panpeiliy pl, ‘Hey!
Aro Jew ‘sdemel" Owe of: thins tox tamale or sxeh the mioman, but the other Base tawoed)
Hreniace Sozing from theo sarhen they sane hiv.

"Get out of heve, fesshe,'
other guy's hands The svoman starter srearning, bib the sag of the ehid v's handy
plas, te (May for help.

"9 said to eave Jew aslome" Mar replied. be wos D again when bis voice' care

the gum ov the lefe sar, Dishe slovtcd from a Wave in the
sy ight si

out sounding firm, even ‘threatering:
"Or shar?" the Tle Diab nexiiy Sam. CRs ated cleave wath the svasger o| Cll eho: Uaalhen
hand si rt 5 y
May har init bow "Yoo "chin you can De anypiing cs Weed on mer"

Mak ortended 9 thin avin and abbot ee gun's bared chest. Ie than gave a surprised
grunt as May showed yons howe mroush to vicoehet ff the Desrnypster anb sprawl, Dazed, on
the eveached asphalt

The heavy solb bwacdet gave (Mag the strength of x bull H€e'> made it after bie rene

K eavy % Save s
Ife beaian,' 2 thorsh be harn't been sure at all; he suas doing it wight. Se har beers like beri
gan, cy, 1g it vig! ral
\ «stereo frome component ports wvithout aithiangal. May ruled the be ddilee Uyrbeotp Ina sorist,
riding a wave of orcitement amb mioaber, W hae was: this fesling? A steangd y tabi, setaation..
was thie hat confines fle He? Whatever se wre, (May Mar it a lot. be, steppe! torvrovd
hye second ay


re

DEATH IS ONLY FOR THE MEDIOCRE
— ALFRED JARRY

This chapter covers all the steps you need to take to
create a mummy character. Most of the character-creation
process follows the guidelines from Vampire: The Masquer-
ade (and other Storyteller games set in the World of
Darkness). However, since the Undying are not vampires
(oreven truly undead), they have some unique Traits of their
own. Likewise, they lack many common characteristics of
the Cainites.

The first major difference is that — unlike a vampire —
amummy is not an undead corpse. A new vampire is created
when an existing vampire takes him in what is called the
Embrace. It matters little to the elder vampire whether her
subject is willing or not. In contrast, a mummy chooses to
accept immortality. When a suitable mortal host dies, the
tem-akh spirit appears and offers him eternal life. The two
join and rise as one of the Reborn, but the process is not
complete until the new mummy travels to the Lands of Faith
and undergoes the Spell of Life given by followers of Osiris.
Only then does the mummy truly awaken to the Third Life
and join the ranks of the Undying.

The process of the joining, the pilgrimage, and the
rebirth all leave their mark on the new mummy, each in their
own way. Some Reborn recall only fragments of their First
Life in Ancient Egypt, while others have nearly complete
memories of that life. Some are traumatized by the events of
their Second Life (particularly its end) and by the experi-
ence of being reborn. Some choose to sever their ties with
the mortal world in order to better serve Osiris or better

enjoy their new existence. Others maintain those ties either
as part of their duty to Ma'at or because they're simply not
able to let go of them.

THE JOINING

The creation of a mummy begins when a mortal with a
significant weakness in one part of his soul dies and passes on
into the Lands of the Dead. One of the tem-akh spirits that
Osiris released from Duat is drawn to a mortal whose soul is
weak in the same way in which the tem-akh is strong. The
ancient spirit can sense when such a person is nearing death,
and it awaits his imminent arrival in the Shadowlands. The
mortal — whom the mummies call nehem-sen, or saved one
— may sense the haunting tem-akh, although few can do so
on a conscious level. More likely, the person feels nothing
more than a vague unease for which he cannot find a specific
source. The tem-akh has little influence on how soon the
mortal will die, although a khaibit isn't above applying what
influence it has to arrange for a particularly suitable mortal
partner to die early.

Immediately after death, most mortals are confused,
almost like newborn babies. They are wrapped in their khu—
what many of the dead refer to as a caul — and largely
unaware of what's going on around them. The tem-akh spirit
appears, opens the mortal's khu wrappings and offers a
choice: existence in the underworld as a ghost or a chance at
eternal life that comes from joining with the tem-akh and


al
serving the cause of Ma'at. Few mortals refuse such an
opportunity. When the mortal agrees, the tem-akh spirit
joins with him, and the new soul returns to the khat (the
physical body). The process is intensely painful for a mo-
ment, as the joining involves grafting two different beings
into the semblance of one.

This joining is only the beginning of an arduous process
that leads to eventual rebirth. The joined spirits must next
plunge back across the barrier that separates the physical and
spiritual worlds and reclaim the mortal's corpse, then make
their way to the Lands of Faith.

THE HAJJ

Experiencing death, followed by joining with a foreign
spirit, passing back across the Shroud and then plunging back
into a corpse is a lot for the mortal soul to take in. While the
nehem-sen absorbs the stunning situation it finds itself in,

"WILLING RECRUITS OR DRAFTEES?
There is some question' among the Amenti
» whether or not the new Reborn are willing partners or
unwitting draftees in Osiris' quest to restore Ma'at.
True, the tem-akh spirit does tell.a potential host that
eternal life comes with some strings attached and that
the new Reborn is expected to serve the cause of
universal justice and balance. The tem-akh never
attempts to lie or deceive the mortal with whom it
wishes to join, since the kind of spiritual wholeness
the tem-akh seeks cannot be based on deception.

But how many mortals, having just passed be-
yond the veil of death, are likely to turn down any
chance at returning to life? And how many of them
awaken in the Lands of Faith, understandably baffled
about where they are and chalking the whole thing up
to a hallucination or near-death experience? Some
might say that the mortal hosts are tricked. into
agreeing to a deal under duress without knowing all
the terms.

Even so, some mortals refuse what the tem-akh
have to offer, usually out of fear or fervent religious
.& faith that leads them to believe that the tem-akh are

tempting them away from their just reward in. the s

afterlife (which, technically, may be true). Once the
_ Rite of Rebirth is complete, most Reborn find it
difficult to hold a grudge against the spirit that has
become part of their whole and healed soul. Yet some
can't help but wonder if the means of selecting people

IRE 1 become Undying is truly.in harmony with Ma'at.

CHAPTER THREE: THE MODELER

the tem-akh takes control of the mortal's physical body. The
tem-akh first heals the khat, restoring whatever damage it
suffered — even if it was burned to ash or otherwise de-
stroyed. Once that miraculous act is complete, the tem-akh
animates the khat, which is an exhausting process that
drains its reserves of spiritual energy (i.c., Sekhem).

Additionally, this hybrid being has not yet attained its true
rebirth. The tem-akh holds the dual spirits in the body through
force of will. The tem-akh has 70 days (the traditional Egyptian
time of funeral rites) after the joining to make its journey to the
Lands of Faith before it begins suffering from a slow deteriora-
tion of body, mind and spirit (see p. 144). The mummy feels a
greater and greater urgency to reach the Lands of Faith as time
grows shorter. If the khat dies, then the joining is broken, and
the tem-akh plunges back into the underworld to seek another
suitable spiritual partner.

Before beginning its journey, the tem-akh must first
extricate the khat from the circumstances of its death. Doing
so is a challenge in most cases, unless the mortal perished in

secret, away from any mundane observation. A "miraculous
recovery" froma fatal heart attack, illness or medical compli-
cation might be explained away unless the corpse is in a
hospital or otherwise under medical attention. After all, the
body remains dead and shows none of the typical signs of life.
An individual who gets up after suffering a violent death has
a greater challenge. Not many people recover from being
decapitated in a construction accident, for example.

The tem-akh is usually savvy enough toknow that itshould
play possum until it can make a clean getaway. If it was thrown
clear of a car in an auto accident, the khat is best served by
making a break for it before help arrives. Otherwise, the corpse
may wait and disappear from the morgue or funeral home. The
police oftenas 1

that th oint tosome sort
of "body-snatching" ring. Thanks to the corruption and ennui
that are so common to the World of Darkness, authorities tend
to ask few questions when a corpse suddenly turns up missing.
Ironically, there is some truth to the theory that someone is
stealing and desecrating corpses (see the Amkhat, p. 202, and
the Walking Dead, p. 208).

A mummy with a high Ka rating (see Backgrounds, p.
65) often finds that circumstances conspire to help him
along. These coincidences can range from an attendant
leaving the morgue locker open to the nehem-sen's khat
being donated to a medical college in Egypt.

The actual journey to the Lands of Faith has come to be
called the hajj, after the Islamic pilgrimage to Mecca. Indeed, a
tem-akh with enough understanding of the modern world could
mask its purpose for traveling to the Lands of Faith under the
guise of a religious pilgrimage to one of the many holy lands
there, be it Mecca, Jerusalem, Cairo or elsewhere. A tem-akh
may not have enough modern-day experience to form such a
plan, though. To complicate things further, the mortal soul is of


The tem-akh has a natural tendency to look
for familiar methods of passage that it can use
without calling attention to itself. It's usu-
ally harder to slip aboard an airplane than
itistosneak ontoa tanker, for instance.

little help during the pilgrimage. The nehem-sen is

buried in the body's subconscious, processing
the staggering changes that have impacted it
recently. It gains pieces of information
from the tem-akh during the journey, but
those images all come across like some
disjointed dream. Similarly, the tem-
akh can tap into its spirit partner for
little more than brief flashes of in-
sight — enough to understand that
an airplane can get the khat to the
LandsofFaith quickly, butnot enough
to understand little things like plane
tickets, passports or even language.
Since the tem-akh must rely
mostly on its own fragmented aware-
ness, it draws heavily on its spirit
nature to make decisions during
the hajj. A ba spirit, for example,
deals with the complications of the
journey in the most scholarly and
intellectual way possible, usingsome
of its precious time to develop a
proper plan. A ka spirit is careful to
ensure the safety of the khat during
the journey. This extra care may
lengthen the hajj, but it also in-
creases the likelihood that the khat
will avoid those who might try to
stop it. A khaibit often uses the
most expedient (and brutal) means
| to achieve its goal. Each Amenti
description in Chapter Two men-
| tions strengths and weaknesses that
the given tem-akh have during this
pilgrimage.
Obviously, geography also plays a
role in how easy the trip may be. An
Amenti who is close to the Lands of
Faithcanmake thepilgrimage overland
by hitching a car ride, riding a camel or
even walking. The khat, beingdeadand
held from decay by the tem-akh's spiri-
tual power, is little affected by weather
conditions or exhaustion. It can trundle
across the bottom of the Mediterranean
ortromp day and night through the desert
ifneeds be. An Amenti who rises in a more
distant locale may track down a ship headed
for Egypt or find a way to get on a plane.

Such wariness has the added benefit
of making the khat difficult to track.
It's tough to find someone when his
name doesn't appear on passenger
manifests. This anonymity at least
helps the Amenti slip away from
mundane or supernatural pursuit,
and it makes it easier for the mummy
to slip past the agents of Apophis
who patrol the borders of the Lands
of Faith.

THE REBIRTH

The various cults dedicated to
Osiris and Ma'at offer assistance in
the hajj when they can. These groups.
would normally have as difficult a
time finding the khat as do mortal
agencies and servants of Apophis.
Luckily, however, visions from Osiris
or uses of Hekau give the faithful
direction in finding their approach-
ing brethren.

Although they are few in num-
ber, the agents of Ma'at are scattered
around the world. They concentrate
in major population centers and ports
of call where an Amenti is most likely
to begin his journey to the Lands of
Faith. They keep similar watch for
new arrivals at the ports and airports of
Cairo, Alexandria, Suez, Tel-Aviv,
Jerusalem and other primary destina-
Simple math and geography
show that the faithful cannot be every-
where at once, though, anda tem-akh
often proves surprisingly resourceful at
reaching the Lands of Faith via some
unexpected means.

tion

Those squads whowatch foraram-
paging khaibit are the most vigilant. A
danger to itself and others, the khaibit
tem-akh must usually be subdued and
brought to a temple by force.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

eects bes belris bes sbelsbel se


Whether arriving alone, escorted by the faithful or
dragged in, the Amenti is taken to one of the sacred sites that
dot the Lands of Faith. Such a site is typically a tomb or
temple, although some remain untouched by the hand of
man. Those loyal to the cause of Ma'at have taken control of
anumber of these places, as well. Here, the cult performs the
Great Rite upon the khat, fully bonding the two joined souls
and making them into one complete and balanced whole.

When the ceremony begins in the physical lands, the
joined soul ventures through the underworld to face the
Judges of Ma'at. Since time is often subjective in the Lands
of the Dead, this journey may seem to take a long time, or it
might transpire in only a few minutes. The dual spirits travel
through the uppermost layer of the underworld, Neter-
khertet, toward the Pillars of the West, the entrance to the
greater realm of Duat. (See Chapter Six for more on the
geography of the underworld.)

Beyond the Pillars lies a labyrinth through which the tem-
akh leads its new partner. Emetgingon the otherside, the joined
souls arrive in the blasted sands of Duat, where Anubis, the
guide of the dead, awaits. This journey is the spiritual reflection
of the physical hajj. The mortal spirit has regained much of
equilibrium by now. Still, the tem-akh remains its guide, since
the ancient spirit fragment is infinitely more experienced in the
hazards of the Lands of the Dead.

This opportunity is the first that the two spirit compo-
nents have to truly communicate with one another, and the
mortal soul understandably has many questions. The tem-
akh conveys what it can, although what it says is limited by
how much the fragment remembers and even what it's
inclined to pass along. Since the joining is not permanent
until the two souls return to the khat and the Spell of Life is
complete, the tem-akh is not above leaving out key details or
even twisting information to ensure that the nehem-sen
remains a willing participant in the resurrection.

Further, the underworld is a dangerous place, especially in
the regions just across the Shroud from the Lands of the Living.
The Dja-akh left great destruction in its wake, and lesser storms
still rip across Neter-khertet with little warning. Reapers, mali-
cious ghosts and other servants of Apophis roam the tumultuous
realm looking for prey. As such, the tem-akh is not inclined to
dawdle and give the mortal soul a guided tour of the afterlife. As

aresult, the tem-akh is the mortal soul's first and only source on
the truths of the afterlife.

Anubis offers little more enlightenment. Taciturn to
the point of being mute, the guide of the dead leads the dual
spirit deeper into Duat, away from the raging storm and on
to the Blessed Fields of A'aru. There, the Judges of Ma'at
determine the joined souls' worthiness. If the overall soul is
found wanting, the judges discard it into the abyss. The body
on which the cultists perform the ceremony decays rapidly,
rotting to the state it would have reached if the tem-akh had
not animated it. Such seldom happens, since at least the
tem-akh has the strength and dedication to serve Ma'at. Ifa
portion of the mortal soul is found wanting, the judges excise
it and manipulate the tem-akh to make up for the The
tem-akh loses any remaining semblance of identity, and the
Amenti rises as one of the Udja-sen, the Judged Ones.

Most often, the tem-akh chooses its mortal counterpart
wisely, and it needs only the judges' final blessing to return
to the Lands of the Living. After judgment is passed, the two
souls are fused into a single entity that returns rapidly to the
khat. Once the ordeal is complete, the Amenti rises truly
reborn and deathless as an agent of Ma'at in Osiris' service.

For all but the Sefekhi, the ceremony is ecstatic and
intensely pleasurable as the two souls (or, more precisely,
two incomplete souls) finally become one and bond to the
khat. Many of the Reborn report intense visions and flashes
of memory during the ritual, which sometimes seem to last
for days, months or even years.

The Amenti is reborn with a great deal of knowledge
that comes from fragmentary memories of the tem-akh's First
Life and time in Duat, remembrances of abilities learned
during the Second Life and instruction given during the brief
journey through the underworld. After the rebirth, the
followers of Osiris provide the mummy with additional
instruction about their history, their abilities and their
duties to Ma'at.

In the Third Life, the Reborn is literally a new person,
a melding of the Second Life self with memories (and
sometimes personality traits) from the tem-akh spirit. This
bond makes a stronger and healthier spirit and psyche,
thanks to the healing power of the joining. Most of the
failings of the mummy's Second Life — those caused by the
weakness of the spirit — are left behind.

CHAPTER THREE: THE MODELER,

RIED REDE DEP Pe be rere peed eee

byoebanepananarannans


CHARACTER CREATION

"} STAGE ONE THE SECOND LIFE

© Step One: Concept — Choose Amenti, Nature
and Demeanor, and Inheritance.

* Step Two: Attributes — Choose Physical, Social
and Mental Traits (6/4/3). Your character begins with
one dot in each Attribute:

© Step Three: Abilities — Choose Talents, Skills
and Knowledges (11/7/4). No Ability higher than three

., dots at this stage.
j

sg AMENTICHARACTER CREATION

* Sakhmu (Spirit Scepter) —Ichu, The Shining Self:
* Sefekhi (Unbandaged One), — khaibit,. The
Shadow Self.
* Udja-sen (Judged One) — special:
HEKAU PATHS
* Amulets— The creation of amulets and talismans.
¢ Alchemy — The creation of potions and elixirs,
* Celestial
* Effigy — The creation of servants.
* Necromancy — The powers of the dead and the

spirit world.
oN 1

The powers of the stars and the sky:

© Step Four: B — Choose Backgrounds

0),

E ;: © Step Five: Details ~~ Spend freebie points (5).
bs STAGE TWO: THE REBIRTH

* Step One: The Second Death — Choose the

ee circumstances of your: character's. second death and

subsequent rebirth.

© Step Two: Attributes — Add.2 points to your
Attributes, divided as desired (two points into one
~ Attribute, or one point each into two Attributes).

¢ Step Three: Abilities — Spend 5 additional
Ability points as desired. These points can raise an

te Ability above three dots.

* Step Four: Advantages
Choose Hekau (3)..One dot must go into. your
Amenti's primary Hekau path.
e* "Spend 2 additional Background poitts.
& z
oe Choose any Merits or Flaws.

; © Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record starting Balance (1), Willpower (5) and

* Sekhem (1).

v Spend 10 additional freebie points. Characters can-

oF not start with a Balance rating higher than three dots.
AMENTI

¢ Kher-minu. (Tomb Watcher) — ka, The De-
+ fender Self.
¢ Khri-habi (Scroll-bearer) — ba, The Bird Self.
¢ Mesektet (Night Sun) —sahu, The Eternal Self.

5
wr

‘e —The power of true names.

BACKGROUNDS
Arcane: You are shrouded from the notice of the
mortal world.
Ba: The power of your ba to return you to life.
Companion: The spirit of an animal that was buried
with your tem-akh in. its First Life accompanies you in
Duat.
Ka; The power of your ka to protect your dead body.
Legacy: Something that remains from your First Life
to give you inspiration.
Memory: Your recollections from your First Life.
Vessel: You have an item that stores Sekhem.
Tomb: You have a resting-place for your khat.

FREEBIE POINTS
‘Trait Cost per dot or level
Attribute
Ability
Hekau
Background
Balance
Ritual
Sekhem
Spell
Willpower

Be ee ee ana

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

botdbatanenanepananat

~
=


THE SECOND LIFE

Character creation in Mummy begins with the
character's Second Life, the mortal existence before the
intervention of the tem-akh spirit. In effect, you decide what
your character was like as a normal person, before the
Second Death and the joining with the tem-akh. Although
your character will seem weaker than most of the denizens of
the World of Darkness at first, he gains a number of new
abilities once he becomes one of the Undying. For now, focus
on the human, mortal side of the character.

STEP ONE: CONCEPT

Although each tem-akh spirit originated in Egypt, Osiris
scattered them around the world to seek out mortals. There-
fore, the Undying can be from any walk of life and any place
on Earth, All that is required is that the nehem-sen died and
that his spirit lacked what the tem-akh offers. The nehem-
sen and the tem-akh then struck a deal, and the dead mortal
rose up, filled with new life and new purpose.

These minimal requirements offer a virtually limitless
range of character concepts. Was your character a wealthy
businessman who couldn't manage the stress in his life,
bringing ona fatal heart attack while working late one night?
Or perhaps she was a rising performer who got caught up in
a wild life of drinking and drugs before meeting her fate in a
bathroom stall in a nightclub. Also, mummy characters can
be from any nation, from a starving beggar on the streets of
Bangladesh to a soldier in the jungles of Southeast Asia.

Keep in mind that the mortal faced death before the
tem-akh contacted him. More often than not, the cause of
his death was the weakness of spirit that drew the tem-akh to
him in the first place. So a high-power corporate suit unable
to manage his stress is likely to draw the attention of a ka
spirit. A meek person killed in a random act of violence may
draw a khaibit spirit, seeking to strengthen the mortal's
instinctual self.

In many cases, the Second Death is not at all peaceful.
Particularly horrifying deaths, like being incinerated in a
tenement fire, or tortured and murdered by a crazed serial
killer, are likely to leave a strong mark on the Amenti that
arises from the ashes of that death. Powerful death memories
may leave lingering scars on the mummy's soul, from a fear
of fire to. a burning need for vengeance (see Merits and Flaws,
p. 68). The Reborn must overcome and heal these wounds in
his pursuit of Ma'at.

Remember also that mummies are literally reborn. The
melding of tem-akh and mortal host creates a new being that is
more than just the sum of its parts. The mummy's old failings are
no more. The Amenti gains new purpose, seeking to restore

Ma'at to the world both through his actions and by seeking it
within himself. The Undying is gifted with knowledge, purpose,
mystical power and eternal life, but he is also given a heavy
burden of responsibility. On his shoulders rests the fate of the
world. Give some thought to the failings your character leaves
behind when he passes from this life to the next.

AMENTI

A key component of the character concept is what
Amenti the mummy belongs to. Although all mummies seek
to restore Ma'at in themselves and in the world, each
Amenti does so in his own way, and each serves a different
purpose in Osiris' design, just as the different parts of the soul
create overall harmony. ‘The tem-akh of each Amenti is
likewise drawn to a different mortal host, specifically one
that weak in the part of the soul that the tem-akh possesses.

This tendency gives rise to certain stereotypes among
the Amenti. You can work with these general archetypes, or
you can go against type and create a character with unex-
pected qualities. For example, a mortal chosen by ba a spirit
typically has a weak psyche and mediocre intellect. He could
be anything from a poor illiterate with little or no education
to a religious fanatic who is unable to question the dogma of
his faith. You can approach the ba's need differently, how-
ever. What about a host who suffers from a disability or
mental illness that prevents the development of his psyche?
An accident victim suffering brain damage? A rigid indi-
vidual who is set in her ways and unable to see other points
of view? With a little consideration, you can come up with
any number of possibilities.

The direction and needs of the chronicle may also
influence your choice of Amenti. The Storyteller may want
a group with a balance of characters from different Amenti,
or a group weighted toward one particular Amenti. Some
Amenti may not be well suited for a certain game. A
chronicle based on a great deal of social intrigue might not
have a place for Sefekhi characters, although playing one in
such a chronicle would be an i ing chall

See Chapter Two for more information on the indi-
vidual Amenti and their respective strengths and weaknesses.

NATURE AND DEMEANOR

These Traits indicate your character's core personality
and external disposition. Although the character's general
personality retains much of who he was in his Second Life,
the tem-akh has an undeniable influence on who he has
become. The mummy's Nature is often quite different from
the one he had in mortal life, since the presence of the tem-
akh and the Spell of Life helps balance whatever soul-qualities
were lacking in the Second Life.

On the other hand, the mummy might retain his previ-
ous Nature but see it in a new light. A person with the
Architect Nature, who was previously stingy, obsessive and

CHAPTER THREE: THE MODELER

tei IRTP EBS Pe Rog ON Oy 2a be ve OG eg 2c Oe POR De D


controlling may retain a love of creating something lasting,
but he would also gain an understanding of how to accom-
plish such goals without driving other people crazy.

A character's Demeanor has even more flexibility. A
mummy with a dramatically different new Nature may
continue to project the same Demeanor when he's around
the people who know him from his Second Life. Such may
be especially true if his friends and family have no idea of the
change that has come over him.

INHERITANCE,

Because he is both mortal form and immortal spirit, the
mummy also has an Inheritance that represents the life of the
tem-akh before it passed on to the Lands of the Dead. The
mummy's Inheritance helps determine qualities such as Amenti
and Nature. A character's Inheritance also determines the sort
of dabili recall from the FirstLife.
A mummy may have vivid memories of his First Life, but such
recollections are usually spotty at best. See the Memory Back-
ground (p. 66) for more information.

Nearly every tem-akh was an Egyptian spirit who had long
dwelled in the Dark Kingdom of Sand when the Dja-akh began.
Each spirit lived in Egypt long ago, when the old funerary
practices were still carried out, allowing it to travel to Duat and
reach the city of Amenti where Osiris ruled. Still, this range
covers thousands of years of history, from before the First
Dynasty in 3150 BCE through to the Hellenistic Period in 30
BCE. Egypt saw numerous invasions and conquests in that time.
As such, many of its people (and even rulers) were not always
Egyptian, but also Nubian, Hyksos, Babylonian, Hebrew, Per-
sian and Greek.

The tem-akh may come from any of these periods and from
virtually any walk of life. Most were given fill funerary rites,and they
had strong ties to the Tends oft the living. They siete primarily priests,
nobles, the wealthy d great deeds in life.
However, some of these spirits remained in the underworld for so
long because of some failure in their First Life or an offense against

» _ Ma'at for which they have to atone.

Life in ancient Egypt remained remarkably constant for
millennia. Someone from the First Dynasty would recognize
much of what he saw even as late as the Hellenistic Period.
Certain professions were common and well represented among
the Egyptian dead, including pri
artists, merchants, soldiers and scholars.

ts, scribes, architects, crafters,

Take some time to detail the First Life of the tem-akh.
What sort of person was he? What kind of life did he lead? How
did he die? What things did he accomplish in life, and what
memories stand out now, thousands of years later?

STEP TWO: ATTRIBUTES

This process is similar to the one described in Vampire:
The Masquerade and other Storyteller games, except mortal

characters begin with fewer Attribute points than the super-
natural denizens of the World of Darkness do. The player
may put six points in primary Attributes, four points in
secondary Attributes and three points in tertiary Attributes.
Attributes top out at five dots at this time. You have the
opportunity to add more points to your character's At-
tributes later in the character-creation process.

STEP THREE: ABILITIES

You have 11 points to spend in your character's primary
Abilities, seven dots in secondary Abilities and four dots in
tertiary Abilities, Abilities may not rise above three dots at this
stage, except by spending freebie points. Your character has
access to all the basic Abilities from Storyteller games like
Vampire: The M: de, Mage: The A { Wraith:
The Oblivion, along with a number of new Abilities described
later in this chapter. The Storyteller may decide that certain
Abilities are inappropriate or required, based on the needsof the
chronicle. Keep in mind that abilities at this stage are those of
the mortal host, so they shouldn't include esoteric or unusual
Abilities like Occult or Melee without a good reason.

STEP FOUR: BACKGROUNDS

You can spend three points in Backgrounds that are
appropriate for the mortal character. These Backgroundsshould
be things that will survive the character's death and still be
useful in his new, immortal existence. For example, if your
character was a corrupt executive in his Second Life, he might
retain his Resources (secret offshore accounts) but lose his
Influence (seat on the board of directors). In such a case, you
wouldn't want to waste any points on Influence. The following
Backgrounds are allowed at this stage: Allies, Contacts, Fame,
Influence and Resources.

STEP FIVE: DETAILS

Spend five freebie points to round out your character's
Traits. You can spend these points only to improve Attributes,
Abilities, Backgrounds or Willpower at this step.

STAGE TWO:
THE REBIRTH

This stage takes the mortal character you've created and
transforms him into one of the Undying. The character may
change significantly during this process. It is not unusual for a
mummy to leave behind many of the frailties and bad memories
of his mortal life.

STEP ONE: THE SECOND DEATH

The process of becoming one of the Reborn begins with the
death of the mortal host — what the Amenti call the Second
Death. Choose how your character's mortal self dies and passes

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTIO!

ae

TWw

ebelals bein tecebece

bite

Ww

eas 4

venue


i on into the Shadowlands. You and the Storyteller may wish to Attributes that improve are often ones in which your character was
have your character's death unfold during the events in the — weak during his mortal life. They represent some failing that was

prelude, or you may choose the character's fate in advance. corrected by the addition of the tem-akh. For example, a character
Ifyou and the Storyteller wish to roleplay out the prelude, _ with poor Perception or Intelligence who then joins with a ba spirit
you can play the character you've created in Stage might gain an increase in either or both.

One. Only after your character meets hisdeath In some cases, the points could increase
and chooses rebirth do you then go through certain Attributes in which your char-
the remaining steps detailed here to acter is already strong, to reflect the

determine the final shape of your fact that the tem-akh enables the
character.
The circumstances of the
Second Death may impact
ings, goals and action in

mummy to push beyond his pre-
vious limits. Therefore, a

on your character's feel-

the future. Forexample,

a character who died

character with three or four
dots in an Attribute
might go up to four or
five dots, becoming

fromafall mighthave
a fear of heights. A
character whose
Second Death

truly exceptional.
cameat the hands
of bigots may feel
aneed torootout
and eliminate
bigotry and pro-
tect others from

} it

The Abilities
| of the Reborn
blend talents,
skills and knowl-
edge from the
First and Second
long with
Abilitiesthatthe

| Lives,

"i mummy _ has

Regardless learned since his

8 of the nature of Rebirth. Second

| your character's Life Abilities

Second Death,
the power of the
tem-akh spirit re-
constitutes the
La mortal's body com-
pletely, evenifit was
reduced to dust or
ash. Despite this mi-
raculous act, you might
decide that your mummy
bears interesting scars or
marks from his Second
Death. Youmay even purchase
appropriate Flaws for the charac-
ter, depending on the severity of

tend to predomi-
nate, since they
are the freshest
ones in the
mummy's mind.
You can put
five additional
points into Abilities.
These points represent
capabilities that the tem-
akh brings to the mix,
Abilities your character
learns during the pilgrimage
and/ or Abilities he discovered
after experiencing the Great Rite.

thie ordeal hie went thioiigh. Abilities can exceed three dots at
STEP TWO: ATTRIBUTES P this stage to reflect skills in which the tem-

Each Amenti is gifted with abilities beyond those akh and nehem-sen complement one another,
ofanormal human, as well as the potential to increase them to truly at the Storyteller's discretion. For example, a character

supethuman levels, Youcan add two additional Attribute pointsto With Leadership 3 in his Second Life joins with a tem-akh
your character at this point. You may add both dots to a single that was a skilled general in the First Life. The Storyteller
Attribute or add one point each to two different Attributes. The

CHAPTER THREE: THE MODELER

IRERDE DS Pee goehe ceils tebecets ls cele


feels that the player is justified in putting an additional dot
into Leadership to reflect the two spirits' combined mastery.

The Rehorn can also use the Memory Background (p. 66)
to temporarily recover certain Abilities from his First Life.

STEP FOUR: ADVANTAGES

This step differs significantly from other Storyteller
games. A mummy does not have Disciplines, Gifts or magi-
cal Spheres. Instead, he has access to mystical abilities
knownas Hekau. The mummy'sskill in these powers is based
on the character's Balance rating.

You have three points to spend on your character's
Hekau paths, and one point goes automatically into the
primary Hekau path that derives from his Amenti (see
Chapter Two for details). No Hekau path can have a rating
higher than the character's Balance score. See Chapter Four
for details on Hekau.

Your character gets one level in Hekau spells or rituals
per dot he has in that Hekau path. You may spend freebie
points to purchase additional spells and rituals.

In addition, you get two more points to spend on your
character's Backgrounds. Your choices include all the Back-
grounds from Stage One as well as a number of new
Backgrounds, which are described later in this chapter.

STEP FIVE: FINISHING TOUCHES

Finally, it's time to put the finishing touches on your
character and bring everything to life. Your mummy begins
with one point in his Balance rating. You can raise this score
with freebie points to a maximum starting score of three.
This low starting score reflects the fact that a newly reborn
mummy is new to the ways of Ma'at. Your character begins
with five points in Willpower, since mummies are fairly
strong-willed. Your mummy's starting Sekhem score equals
his final Balance rating.

With all of the preceding steps out of the way, you now
have 10 additional freebie points to spend. Refer to the chart
on p. 56 for a listing of point costs for various Traits.

NEW/MODIFIED TALENTS
AWARENESS

You are sensitive to things not of the physical world,
suchas Sekhem, Hekau and supernatural beings. You receive
hunches and "gut feelings" that tell you when something
mystical is happening or is present near you. Of course

<i
presence, but the player can request a roll if he has reason to
suspect that a particular person, place or thing is mystical.

. Novice: Youget strange feelings from certain people
and places occasionally.
oe Practiced: You can feel the power of the supernatu-

ral all around you, and you definitely know when
"something is out there."
woe Competent: You can sense the ebb and flow of the
Web of Faith and pick out specific nodes and
important sites.
Expert: Very little escapes your notice. You pick up
on supernatural forces and beings on sight.
@eeee Master: You sense anything supernatural in your
general area, and you can pick up on things from a
great distance, particularly while you are within the
Lands of Faith.
Possessed by: Hunters, Mages, Mystics, Psychics, Sorcerers
Specialties: Artifacts, Hekau, Places, Sekhem, Spirits

CAROUSING

You can be the life of the party. This Ability is the knack
of having a good time at a social event and making sure that
others enjoy themselves as well. It involves knowing the best
places to go, eating and drinking without making a fool out
of yourself and being able to draw out others so that they'll
have fun.

A Manipulation + Carousing roll allows your character
to make a good impression on the people around him. This
Ability can enable him to gain friends, garner information or
provide a distraction for an evening (perhaps while the
mummy's allies are busy doing something else). The roll's
difficulty is based on the social event and the audience. It's
as low as three for party at a local pub; seven or more for a
formal sit-down affair.

. Novice: You can hold your liquor and keep your
wits about you.
ee Practiced: You've been to a few parties in your

time, and people find you an enjoyable guest.
eee Competent: You know how to wine and dine
someone quite well.
Expert: Everyone wants you at their parties.
Master: Your gatherings are the greatest social
events around.

Possessed by: College Students, Dilettantes, Entertainers

knowing that hing is h ing doesn't

Dining, Drinking, Innuendo, Jokes, Storytelling

tell you what or where it is. Acquiring that degree of
specificity requires more detailed investigation or the use of
Hekau. Still, a vague warning about a supernatural presence
is better than no warning at all.

Most of the time, the Storyteller rolls this Ability
secretly to see if the character notices a particular mystical

SEDUCTION

You understand the art of using your sexuality to get
what you want, whether it's a few minutes of cooperation or
a bed-partner (or two) for the night.

A successful Manipulation + Seduction roll against a
target's Willpower is enough to get her interested in your
MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


character. The Storyteller may requi or

aie

You could make a living as a profes-

rolls to reel a subject in, and roleplay is also recommended.
Your character can also pick up on the subtle signs of
seduction being used against him (Perception + Seduction
against the target's Manipulation + Seduction). This Ability
is useful, since the agents of Apophis often come in beautiful
and seductive forms.

. Novice: You can pick someone up in a bar or a

nightclub most of the time.

oe Practiced: You know which places are best for
meeting people.

Competent: You can speak volumes witha smile or
a look.

Expert: People want you on sight.

Master: You're so good you can even seduce your-
self.

Possessed by: Bon Vivants, Escorts, Strippers

Specialti

Alluring Looks, Innuendo, Pick-up Lines, Witty
Conversation

NEW/MODIFIED SKILLS

DIVINATION

You are adept at interpreting signs and omens in order
to learn something about the future. This Skill is separate
from Hekau and the abilities of the Mesektet, although
members of that Amenti often possess this Skill. Regardless
of what mortals may think, the Reborn take signs and omens
quite seriously as a manifestation of Ma'at.

Your character can use this skill once per game session.
The mummy must have access to an appropriate means of
divination, whether it is checking the positions of the stars
in the night sky or examining the entrails of a sacrificial
beast. He can attempt a general reading ("What does the
future hold?") or ask a specific question. The Storyteller
determines a difficulty and rolls your character's Perception
+ Divination secretly. Success provides some clue or hint.
The greater the success is, the clearer the signs are... al-
though it's always somewhat cryptic.

For example, the Storyteller knows that a Bane mummy
is sending an Asekh-sen after an artifact that your characters
have found while the local vampire prince is also looking to
acquire the same item. With successful divination, your
character would learn something like: "The stars show the
serpent of chaos coiling to strike, but its fangs bear no
venom. Wait for the proper moment, and the serpent may
bite its own tail."

. Novice: "Hmm, the ibis rises over the Nile... luck
is with us."
ee Practiced: Youknowat least one divination method

well, and you can use it fairly reliably.

sional fortune-teller.

eeee Expert: Your skills would have been welcome in
the court of the Pharaoh, and perhaps they were in
your First Life.

oeeee

Master: Your predictions are nearly always accu-
rate.

Possessed by: Fortune-Tellers, New Agers, Priests
Specialties: Astrology, Dream Interpretation, Omens, Reli-
gious Ritual, Sacrifice

The mind holds many secrets, and the Amenti know well
the power of the mind and spirit over the body. This Skill allows
you to place a willing subject into a hypnotic trance.

Roll Charisma + Hypnosis with a difficulty equal to the
subject's Willpower. Once the subject is in a trance, your
character can guide her to any of the benefits of the Medita-
tion Skill by making another Charisma + Hypnosis roll
against the appropriate difficulty.

Hypnosis can also induce the necessary trance for recov-
ering a tem-akh's memories using the Memory Background.
Your successes in a Charisma + Hypnosis roll (difficulty 9)
add to the subject's Memory dice pool for recalling specific
information (but not for adopting a Memory-based Ability).
. Novice: You can place a willing subject into a

trance, given some time.

Practiced: You're a skilled amateur hypnotist.

Competent: You could be certified as a professional
hypnotist.

Expert: People call on you as an expert in the field
of hypnosis.

eeeee Master: Svengali has nothing on you.

Possessed by: Entertainers, Mystics, Police Experts, Psy-
chiatrists

Specialties: Behavior Modification, Hypnotherapy, Memory.
Recovery, Mental Focus

MEDITATION

An important skill in the quest for Ma'at, Meditation
allows you to clear and focus your mind, finding your inner
balance and serenity. Meditation requires time (from a few
seconds to a few minutes depending on the effect the character
desires) and a focus of some kind that will block out other
distractions. The Reborn often use chanting or talismans of
some sort, particularly those tied to their First Lives. Sacred
incense is also a common meditation tool.

Meditation can achieve any number of purposes; each option
listed here faces difficulty 9. Your character can focus his thoughts
(Perception + Meditation, each success lowers by one the difficulty
of yournext Intelligence roll). Your character can go without eating

CHAPTER THREE: THE MODELER


or rest (Stamina + Meditation, each success gives you one night
without needing food or sleep). Your character can focus his will
(Wits + Meditation, each success lowers by one the difficulty of your
next Willpowerroll). A successful Wits + Meditation roll (difficulty
9) is likewise needed to achieve the trance-state required to use the
Memory Background.

Novice: You can sit still for a while and focus your

thoughts.

oe Practiced: You can achieve a short-lived state of
peace and harmony.
woe

Competent: You can focus even under difficult
circumstances.

Expert: Few things can break your concentration
once you've centered yourself.

Master: You are the calm eye in the midst of a
maelstrom of chaos.

Possessed by: Mystics, Priests, Psychologists

Specialti 4 , Memory Recall, Will

Clear Thought, E

RIDING

You can ride beasts of burden such as horses and camels.
Although this art is fading in modern society, it's still quite
common in many parts of the world, particularly in the deserts
of the Lands of Faith, where a good camel is often more reliable
than even a four-wheel drive vehicle. Many an Amenti has
recalled this Skill from his First Life.

Challenging riding maneuvers or riding in dangerous con-
ditions requiresa Dexterity + Riding roll, to which the Storyteller
applies an appropriate difficulty. Riding can also be combined
with Mental Attributes to reflect knowledge of mounts, their
equipment and how to care for them.

° Novice: You can mount up and stay in the saddle
without falling off.

Practiced: You ride fairly regularly, and you can
handle riding for long periods.

Competent: You ride almost daily, and you can
handle most maneuvers, including riding at full
gallop.
Expert: You could win prizes in show jumping or
rodeo.
Master: You can perform trick-riding stunts wor-
thy of Hollywood stuntmen.
sessed by: Bedouins, Cowboys, Jockeys, Nomads, Stunt-Riders
Specialties: Bareback Riding, Camel, Elephant, Horse, Mule,
Stunt-Riding

TRAPS

You understand how to design, build and (perhaps most
importantly) disarm various mechanical traps, such as those
built into tombs to deter thieves from plundering them.
More than one mummy has used this skill to set traps around

babenaneny

e

MUMMY: THE RES

w

his resting place, the cult temple where the Spell of Life is
performed and other places of importance.

Setting a trap takes some time and an Intelligence + Traps
roll. The Storyteller determines the difficulty and the effective-
ness of the trap based on your description. Disarming a trap
requires a Wits + Traps roll. The difficulty is 3 or lower for a
simple tripwire, and it's 7 or more for complex pressure plates or
similar devices. At the Storyteller's discretion, an Enigmas roll
may help lower the difficulty to disarm or overcome traps that
are based on complex puzzles or riddles.

‘ou can set up or disarm a simple tripwire-

Practiced: You can handle traps with multiple
components.
¢ Competent: You can build complex traps that are
designed to affect multiple targets.
Expert: You could have constructed the traps used
in the tombs of the Pharaohs, and perhaps you did
in your First Life.

eeeee Master: You could have designed (or disarmed)
any of the traps in the Indiana Jones movies.
Possessed by: Ancient Architects, Archeologists, Tomb

Robbers
Specialties: Deadfalls, Death Traps, Game Traps, Impro-
vised Traps, Set Pieces

NEW/MODIFIED KNOWLEDGES
COSMOLOGY

The universe is a far larger and far stranger place than
most people know. The spirit worlds are built upon layers of
complexity that even the Undying have only begun to delve
into after millennia of eternal life. The new Reborn have
only scratched the surface of these other places and worlds.
This Knowledge reflects your awareness of what lies beyond
the physical world, how to get there and how to survive there
long enough to get back.

Mummy focuses primarily on the Lands of the Dead,
including Neter-khertet and Duat. See Chapter Six for more
information on the realms beyond the Lands of the Living.
. Student: You know of and can name the major

spirit worlds.

oe College: You've studied the relations between the
spirit worlds.
eee Masters: You've visited Neter-khertet and become

familiar with its ways.

Doctorate: You've encountered and spoken with
many spirits.

Scholar: Even the spirits consider you wise in the
ways of their realms.

Possessed by: Magicians, New Agers, Priests

CTION


Specialties: Realms (Duat, Neter-kh

the Shroud, the Web of Faith
ENIGMAS

You'vemad

,etc.), SpiritNames,

ial study of the puzzles, riddlesand mysteries
of the ancient world. You can see the patterns, clues and hidden
meanings behind even the most abstruse information.

Your character can solve simple puzzles when you roll
Enigmas with Intelligence or gain clues about more complex
ones when you roll Enigmas with Perception or Wits. The
Storyteller determines the difficulty for any given puzzle. Note
that this Ability is not a substitute for roleplaying or player
thought, but it does allowa player to play a character who knows
more about such things than the player himself does.

. Student: You've read a number of books on riddles
and puzzles.
oe College: You've read most of the major sources out

there and created a few brain-teasers of your own.

eee Masters: You can understand the mysteries of spir-
its and ancient labyrinths.

e@eee Doctorate: You can solve puzzles while you're
trapped in a room that's filling rapidly with sand
and vipers.

eocce

Scholar: You've solved the riddles of the sphinx.
All of them.

Possessed by: Detectives, Game Players, Mystics, Philosophers
Specialties: Ancient Mysteries, Codes and Ciphers, Deduc-
tion, Puzzles, Riddles

HISTORY

You've studied the people and events of the past, and
you know full well how history affects the present. Even to
mummies with vivid memories of the ancient world, the
significance of the past remains a mystery. The Memory
Background represents a mummy's actual recollections of
the distant past. This Ability represents learning from his-
torical records and other sources, as well as an understanding
of the complexities of history and historical trends.
. Student: Advanced placement history in high

school.
. College: Bachelor's degree in history.

Masters: Master's degree in history.
Doctorate: Doctorate in history; you're a respected
authority.

Scholar: You're considered one of the foremost

experts in the world.

Possessed by: History Buffs, Scholars, Teachers

Specialties: African, » American, Ancient, Asian, Classical,
1, Medieval, Mod:

ern, Political, Religious, Social, Technological

Since the Amenti come from around the world, they
often learn to speak other languages, and they learn ancient

part of their understanding of the ancient world.

The ability to speak and understand ancient Egyptian, and
to read hieroglyphs, is common among mummies, and it is
typically used as a secret language since few mortals under-
stand the language. A mummy with a high Memory rating
(p. 66) can often recall ancient languages that his tem-akh
knows, but this trick is not always reliable, and it doesn't
compare to scholarly mastery of a given tongue. A high
Linguistics rating also provides a general understanding of
the structure of language, as well as helping puzzle out
unknown languages or linguistic codes.

. Student: One extra language

College: Two extra languages

Masters: Four extra languages
* Doctorate:

Eight extra languages
eeeee Scholar: 16 extra languages

Possessed by: Diplomats, Scholars, Translators, World
Travelers

Specialties: Ancient Languages, Ciphers, Hieroglyph-
ics, Romance Languages

POISONS

You have an understanding of poisons, their effects,
their sources and their antidotes. You can analyze a sub-
stance to determine whether it is poisonous. If it is, you can
determine what sort of toxin it contains and formulate an
antidote. You can also brew poisons and mix antidotes with
access to the proper materials. Given the fondness the agents
of Apophis and Set have for poisonous things, this skill often
comes in handy in dealing with them.

. Student: You're familiar with a few major poisons
and their antidotes.
oe College: You've taken several courses in biochem-

istry and toxicology.

Masters: You're a skilled toxicologist.
Doctorate: You're familiar with rare and little-
known poisons from around the world.

Scholar: You have access to ancient poison lore
and secrets known to only a few living souls.

Possessed by: Alchemists, Assassins, Detectives, Physicians
Specialties: Alchemical Poisons, Analysis, Antidotes, Chemi-
cal Poisons, Mushrooms, Vegetable Poisons, Venom

THANATOLOGY

While most mortals fear death, the ancient Egyptians
honored it and made a study of it. You are a student of the
different facets of death and dying. You understand not only
the physical nature of death — mortification, preservation
of a corpse — but also its spiritual dimensions — proper

CHAPTER THREE: THE MODELER

babananensndns


— is od

funerary rites, respectful treatment of a corpse, embalming

and so forth. You may have been an embalmer in your First

or Second Life, or this subject may be a new field of interest

for you. Your study also gives you some knowledge of ghosts

and zombies, at least as related to their physical deaths and

Present states.

. Student: You've read a fair amount on the subject, and

you can carry on a reasonably informed conversation.

College: You've done some study of cadavers.

eee Masters: You know some of the deeper mysteries as
well as the physical lore.

eeee Doctorate: Youknow ancient techniques of embalm-
ing, and you have actually performed them yourself.

eeeee Scholar: Youunderstand the mysteries of the Lands
of the Dead and the effect that death can have on
the spirit.

Possessed by: Assassins, Morticians, Necrophiliacs, Physi-
cians, Priests

Specialties: Burial Rites, Cultural Practices, Dissection, Embalming

NEW BACKGROUNDS

You have passed through the veil of death and returned
to the world of the living as an agent of Ma'at. Now, the
power of Ma'at protects you from the notice of mortals. You
are less noticeable than most people, and mortals tend to
forget that you're even around. Likewise, records of you tend
to become lost or confused. While this Background makes it
easier for you to do the work of Ma'at, it sometimes compli-
cates your attempts to live a normal life.

You may add your character's Arcane rating to his
Stealth dice pool. Similarly, anyone searching for your
character loses an amount of dice from her Perception and
Investigation dice pools equal to your character's Arcane
score. Arcane doesn't hinder your character when he wants
to draw attention to himself, but people typically forget
about him once he moves on.

The Arcane rating affects people only in the living
world. However, it does help protect your character's khat
when his spirit is in the Lands of the Dead. This protection
makes it more difficult for thieves and enemies to find his
resting-place.

Because of their nature as beacons of spiritual power,
Sakhmu mummies cannot have this Background.
x You're just as noticeable as everyone else.
. You blend in with the crowd.

You're to forget.

You're very difficult to follow.

Few pictures or records of you exist, and most
people can't even agree on what you look like.
eeeee You'rea living enigma; no more than a rumor or legend.

Each mummy possesses a ba portion of his being, but not
every ba performs the duties that are necessary to ensure a
timely and proper resurrection with the same skill.

A mummy's Ba rating determines a number of impor-
tant factors in his cycle of life. Each point grants an extra die
on the resurrection roll (see Chapter Five). Each point also
adds approximately 10 years to the average 60-year life span
that a renewed mummy has. The rating also represents how
adept the ba spirit is at interacting with those ethereal forces
it needs in order to gain new life. Therefore, it determines
the minimum time that the mummy must spend in the
death-state before resurrection.

A mummy may remain dead for far longer than the
minimum time as he performs his duties in the underworld.

x Your ba must enjoy staying in Duat. You must rest
a minimum of one year between lives.
. Each death is at least as painful as birth to you. You

must rest at least nine months. One additional
resurrection die and +10 year life span.

oo The attention of your ba to Egyptian ideals is
impressive. The traditional 70 days of funerary
practices serves as the minimum time for which you
must remain dead. Two extra resurrection dice and
+20 years average life span.

eee = The blessing of Khonsu is upon you. Your rest
requires at least 29 days. Three extra resurrection
dice and +30 years life span.

e@eee Death is sometimes merely an inconvenience for
you. Only three days minimum must be spent in the
underworld. Four extra resurrection dice and +40
years life span.

eeeee Your spirit hearkens to the divine cycle of Ra. The
sleep of death may last as little as one day for you.
Five extra resurrection dice and +50 years life span.

COMPANION

Egyptian mortuary priests did not restrict their practices
to human beings. They mummified hordes of animals to
attend their masters into the afterlife. Some temples housed
literally thousands of beasts that had been preserved care-
fully for eternity. In those ancient times, your tem-akh spirit
was buried with an especially loyal beast. Amazingly, the
spirit of your companion survived the ravages of the centu-
ties to attend you in the present day.

Create a companion animal using the templates for
Restless Souls (p. 207). The companion animal is one
respected by the Egyptians for its connection to the gods. A
companion animal displays a level of intelligence that ex-
ceeds that of its living counterparts, and it can even
communicate with its Amenti master. The companion ani-
mal is immaterial, gifting him with minor blessings and

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


acting as the mummy's spiritual guardian during his life. In
the Amenti's death cycle, the spiritual beast accompanies
the mummy into the underworld.
Each level of this Background lists a traditional com-
panion animal of appropriate power. The Egyptians
ly 1 ibises, cats, diles and baboons,
but anything with religious significance was fair game, re-
gardless of its size. At the Storyteller's discretion, you may
substitute a different animal for your character as long as its
capabilities are commensurate. You may use the dice pool
bonus listed for each level once per game session.
x

Either no one buried any animals with your tem-
akh long ago, or those animals have all perished
during the intervening millennia.

Ibis: Thoth, the god who created writing, was
pictured with an ibis head. Able to fly, although not
particularly speedily, the ibis makes a useful under-
world ally. The wise bird further provides one die
for any attempt to understand or express anything
involving the written word.

Cat: Egyptians held the delightful children of Bast
in high regard. Cats guarded against disease by

keeping the rat population under control, and they
were supposedly privy to their patron goddess' wis-
dom. Some say that one of the Judges of Ma'at gives
special regard to those who walk with the holy
creatures of Bast. Your character may add up to two
dice on attempts to learn secrets.

Falcon: The swift falcon traces its beautiful are
across the sky in imitation of its patron Ra. From
high above, the falcon's penetrating gaze can
spot the smallest desert mouse. Your character
may add up to three dice to one or more Percep-
tion-related rolls.

Crocodile: The mighty is d with
the god Sobek, and it acts to guard its partner
against harm. Unfortunately the beast is often slow
and lazy, and it commonly chooses to rest in one
place. Therefore, a mummy who wishes to benefit
from its protection must stay with it. Your character
may add up to four dice to soak rolls.

Lion: This noble beast was associated with the
power of the goddess Sekhmet and with the
Pharaohs. As mighty and proud as the lion is, it
encourages its partner to dominate any social
situation. Few creatures wish to risk its wrath in
the underworld. Your character may add up to
five dice to one or more Social rolls or interac-
tions with animals.

coco dil

ay

KA

In ancient times, the ka spirit stood guard over the
physical body and ensured that no one bothered or harmed
it. Such protection varied from shrewd misdirection to
outright attacks, and it is likely the source of many of the
"mummy's curse" stories that arose over the centuries.

With the unification of the soul under the new Spell of
Life, some of the ka's power to act independently has been
lost, but in return, it has gained the ability to draw from the
power of the entire soul. When a mummy is dead, no matter
where in the underworld he travels, his ka still watches over
his body. Even on the most fundamental level, the Amenti's
khat remains incorruptible. It does not decay, scavengers do
not eat it, and it is not affected by the natural elements. The
body effectively remains in stasis unless some significant
force acts upon it.

By purchasing levels in this Background, your character's
ka provides even more protection. As the ka grows in power,
it can manipulate the physical realm around the Amenti's
corpse subtly to protect it from harm. The Ka Background
rating acts as a dice pool for your character to oppose any
action taken against the khat. Any actions taken thus
become resisted actions (Vampire: The Masquerade, p.
194). Your character's body also receives a soak roll against
all damage equal to his Stamina + Ka.

The protection offered always translates to some coin-
cidental real-world effect. Subtle as that influence is, it can
still pose real danger for an opponent who does poorly on the
resisted roll. A villainous tomb robber might slip while
climbing a treacherous wall or find the cadaver strangely
heavy at exactly the worst moment. A more intellectual
thief might feel an annoying tickle at the back of her throat
as she.cries to bluff pase the border patrol' orshe may discover
that a leak in her canteen has blurred all the ink on her map
that supposedly leads to the dig site.

x Your khat remains incorruptible, but you should
build a secure tomb and retain the services of
trustworthy allies to protect your khat when you are
dead.

. Your ka inflicts minor difficulties on those who

interfere with your corpse. Apply one die to resist
actions against your character's khat.

Lesser or common dangers to your body are old
news. Two dice to apply against efforts to harm your
character's khat.

eee Your grave is safe from all but the highly skilled,
persistent or lucky. Apply three dice to resist ac-
tions against your character's khat.

ory

Those who seek actively to injure your corpse rue
the day they invoked the mummy's curse. Four dice

THREE: THE MODELER

WW

beneeeeend


sey

to apply against efforts to harm your character's
khat.

eeeee Those who bother you in death often join you.
Apply five dice to resist actions against your
character's khat.

LEGACY

You left some significant mark on the world in your First or
Second Life from which you still draw strength. It might be a
structure, a great historical deed or even an idea. A mummy's
legacy could even be the mummified khat from his First Life on
display ina museum. To receive the benefits of this Background,
the legacy must still exist, it must be remembered by mortals
(not just the Reborn), and it mus
Therefore, an infamous deed is not a legacy, unless it somehow
led to greater balance and justice.

The legacy's inspiration fills your character with newfound
hope and energy, but he must be in its presence to benefit from

represent Ma'at in some way.

it. If the legacy is a physical thing, your character must go
wherever it is. If the legacy is an intellectual construct, your
character must be in a place strongly tied to or powerfully

ive of it. (Not isingly, Alexandria is the site of

many such legacies.) Once per game session, while your charac-
ter is in the presence of the legacy, roll his Balance score
(difficulty 6). Each success grants your character a point of
Sekhem. A successful roll also allows him to recover one (and
only one) point of Willpower.

If your character's legacy is ever destroyed or forgotten, the
Ament loses this Background. This threat provides mummies yet
another reason to fight to preserve the sacred places and ancient
ideas of the Lands of Faith. Ironically, a legacy must be exposed to
others to be effective, making it in constant danger of harm and
destruction. A legacy kept hidden away is soon forgotten and lost.

x Everything from your First Life has long since
turned to dust.
. Your legacy is a small item —a piece of jewelry, an

obscure scroll or the like — that is on display in a
museum or private collection.

ee Your legacy is of strong interest toa particular group
of people, like Egyptologists, occultists or perhaps a
family line.

eve People see your legacy every day, like a mummy on
display in a museum or a significant event in the
history books.

Your legacy is widely known. Perhaps you designed
a pyramid or other great monument.

Your legacy changed the course of history. It is still
widely taught and spoken of.

MEMORY
Most mummies can recall vague impressions and images
from the First Life of their tem-akh. You have clearer

MUMMY: THE

memories of your life in ancient Egypt and your time in the
afterlife of Duat, and you can sometimes draw upon those
memories to help you. The rating in this Background deter-
mines how vivid these recollections are.

The Storyteller may call for an Intelligence + Memory roll
to see if your character can recall a particular piece of informa-
tion, such as how the traps ona tomb were set or what the mystic
phrase was to activate an artifact. How obscure and specific the
information is determines the difficulty.

Also, your character can meditate on his past-life memo-
ries once per game session to gain an Ability that he has since
forgotten from his First Life. If your character makes a
successful Meditation attempt, he gains a rating in the
Ability equal to his dots in the Memory Background. The
recalled skill replaces any rating that your character nor-
mally has in the Ability, and it lasts for one scene. Among
other things, this Background is useful in translating Egyp-
tian hieroglyphics (assuming that your character was literate
in his First Life).

For example, an Amenti faces a sword duel with a
nomad leader. He doesn't have the Melee Ability, but his
tem-akh was a great warrior. The mummy meditates before
the duel, calling up memories of the battles that the tem-akh.
fought long ago. The Amenti can then use Melee at a level
equal to his Memory rating to combat the nomad leader.

x Your recollections of your First Life are spotty and
vague, like a dream.
. You can pick out particular images and moments

from your memories
oe You can recall brief events and particular items of
information like names and places.
eee You can remember short scenes and associations.
eee ~Youcan recall entire events vividly, and you often
make connections simply upon seeing something
that reminds you of them.
Youcan recallalmostall of your First Life, as ifithappened
yesterday rather than thousands of years ago.

TOMB

Your khat resides in a safe resting-place between lives
while your spirit recovers in the underworld. It might be a
hidden sub-basement, an isolated cave in the mountains, a
secure storage area of a museum or even an undiscovered
tomb in the Valley of Kings. Anywhere that your khat can
rest without being disturbed for months or even years at a
time qualifies under this Background. The number of dots
your character has in this Background represents the luxury
and relative security of the tomb.

If you choose, you can divide your character's dots in
this Background to represent multiple tombs of lesser value.
Four dots can provide a single well-protected tomb within


the Web of Faith, two Spartan yet secure tombs, four simple
tombs or any other combination adding up to four dots.

The Egyptian tomb was intended to do more than
protect the earthly body, however. Various tools, provisions
and even representations of helpers, pets and assistants were
included to help the deceased during his sojourn through the
Fields of A'aru. The spiritual mirrors of these treasures can
aid the mummy.

Once per game session, your character can apply a dice
pool equal to his Tomb Background rating toward certain
tasks in the underworld. The type of roll to which you can
apply these dice depends on the contents of the tomb. A
tomb that contains great wealth may grant extra dice on
Social rolls as the mummy bribes inhabitants of the under-
world. A tomb that contains a mummified crocodile may
grant extra dice on Stamina rolls. You must provide the
Storyteller with a description of the tomb and its contents,
along with an explanation of which dice pools you expect
the items to enhance and why.

x You must secure a new place of rest or rely on your
allies each time death takes you.

. Asimple tomb: a sarcophagus in a secret basement
or warehouse.

oe A simple tomb with a modest degree of security
(locks, basic alarm system).

An isolated, out-of-the-way tomb with decent se-
curity measures, possibly including living guards.
A luxurious, well-protected tomb with strong secu-
rity measures.

A tomb in an auspicious place like the Valley of
Kings, which is hidden from living memory and
protected by the best security available.

‘VESSEL

You have an item that is capable of storing Sekhem that
you can draw upon at a later time. A Vessel can be virtually
anything, but most have been within the Web of Faith for a
long period — most likely dating back to ancient Egypt —
attuning to the energies of Sekhem. It may be a piece of
jewelry, a stone from an ancient tomb or temple, a scarab
amulet or a relic such as a bone from an ancient corpse.

The following list indicates the maximum amount of
Sekhem that a Vessel can hold depending on the Background
level. The Vessel's size has no bearing on the amount of Sekhem
it can hold. While within a Web of Faith node, your character
can make a roll for the Vessel, with a dice pool equal to the
Background rating. The difficulty of this roll equals the local
Shroud rating + 3. Foreach success, the Vessel absorbs one point
of Sekhem, up to its maximum capacity.

By touching the Vessel and concentrating for one turn,
your character can draw Sekhem from it. The Sekhem works,
as if it were the mummy's own. Udja-sen and characters with

the Lifeblood Flaw (p. 70) cannot take this Background or
use another's Vessel.

. 3 Sekhem point

5 Sekhem points

7 Sekhem points

9 Sekhem points

eeeee 15 Sekhem points

NEW TRAITS

The Traits described here are unique to mummies, Only
the Amenti walk the path of Ma'at in hopes of achieving
ultimate balance. Only the Amenti draw upon the singular
mystical energy of Sekhem to enforce the will of Osiris.

BALANCE

Asan agent of Ma'at in the world, a mummy has a Balance
rating that measures the strength of his understanding and
relationship with universal justice, balance and rightness. A
mummy starts out with only a limited Balance, which is granted
by the joining and the rite that gifts him with eternal life. Ashe
studies and progresses, proving himself worthy through his
words and deeds, he can strengthen and deepen his understand-
ing of this universal principle. An Amenti with a deep
understanding of Balance is capable of amazing feats, since
those in harmony with Ma'at know that the force of the universe
is behind their deeds.

A mummy character begins with one point in his
Balance score. You may increase this rating with freebie
points during character creation to a maximum of three
points. A mummy's Balance score limits his ratings in Hekau
paths, as well as the amount of Sekhem he can have. For
other game uses of Balance see Chapter Five. For informa-
tion on the concept of Ma'at, see Chapter Two.

SEKHEM

Sekhem means "power" or "life-force." It is a measure of
the amount of mystical energy that is contained ina place or
thing. A mummy's reborn spirit contains Sekhem that the
Amenti can tap to perform various feats, such as doing the
magic of the Hekau paths. Sekhem is most plentiful within
the Web of Faith, and it is scarce outside the lands that have
been touched by the spirit of Osiris (and influenced by the
corrupt touch of Apophis). For this reason, mummies tend to
remain close to the Lands of Faith, and they return there
regularly to renew their stores of power.

A mummy character's starting Sekhem score is equal to
his Balance rating. A mummy cannot have more Sekhem
points than he has dots in Balance, except by using external
sources such as the Vessel Background. See Chapters Four
and Five for more information on using Sekhem.

CHAPTER THREE THE MODELER


MERITS AND Second and Third Lives; the Memory Background

covers memories from the First Life.), Ability
Aptitude, Concentration, Iron Will, Night-
mares (particularly involving the
character's First or Second Death).

FLAWS

Merits and Flaws often represent
holdovers from the mummy's previ-
ous lives or peculiarities of the joining
that made him into one of the Re-
born. This section refers to Merits
and Flaws found in Vampire: The
Masquerade and Mage: The As-
cension. Storytellers may permit
Merits and Flaws from other Story-
teller games'as long'as said Merits
and Flaws are not limited to a spe-
cific type of supernatural creature.

RECOMMENDED
AND
DISALLOWED
MERITS AND
FLAWS

PHYSICAL

Recommended: Acute
Sense (any), Catlike Balance,
Huge Size, In ible to Pain
(costs 3 points for Sefekhi), Smell
of the Grave, Deformity, Disfig-
ured, Child, Monstrous,
Permanent Wound.

Disallowed: Aging, Bad
Sight, Eat Food (mummies can
already do so), Blind, Blush of
Health, Deaf, Degeneration, Di-
minished Attributes, Efficient
Digestion, 14th Generation, In-
fectious Bite, Lame, Mayfly
Curse, Paraplegic, Primal Marks,
Thin Blood, Disease Carrier.

SOCIAL

Recommended: Natural
Leader, Enemy, Hunted (or
Witch-Hunted), Probationary
Member.

Disallowed: Prestigious Sire, In-
famous Sire, Sire's Resentment.

MENTAL
Recommended: Eidetic

Memory and Amnesia (only for
memories from the mummy's

Disallowed: Deranged, Code of
Honor (devotion to Maat effec-
tively includes this concept), Prey
lusion, Lunacy, Conspicuous
Consumption.

SUPERNATURAL
Recommended: Green
Thumb, Magic Resistance (which
affects Hekau as well as vampiric
Thaumaturgy), Oracular Ability,
Unbondable, Lucky (knownas Bes'
Blessing), Touch of Frost.

Disallowed: Avatar Compan-
ion, Circumspect Avatar, Cyclic
Magic, Devil's Mark, Fae Blood,
Manifest Avatar, Nine Lives, Re-
pulsed by Garlic, Repelled by

an't Cross Running Wa-
p of the Damned, Light
Sensitive, Shapechanger Kin, Shat-
tered Avatar, Stormwarden, True
Faith, Twin Souls (bute see
Soulmate), Unaging (mummies al-
ready have this ability). Also, all
Merits and Flaws dealing with
Sphere Magic, Disciplines or other
abilities that mummies do not have.

P| NEW MERITS

FASCINATING GAZE (2 PT.
MERIT)

The eyes are the windows to
the soul, and your character's are
particularly engaging. Something
about his eyes draws and holds the
attention of others. They might
be an unusual color, have a par-
ticular shine to them or simply
seem to reflect the wisdom of the
ages. Your character's come-hither
look can melt the coldest heart, while
his intimidating glare is like the para-
lyzing stare of a viper. Reduce by two the
difficulty of any Social roll in which eye
contact is involved throughout.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

Bibana pee peers cbesbelsebelslebttebes |


GIFT OF THOTH (5 PT. MERIT)

Like the legendary magicians of ancient Egypt, your
character is especially gifted in the use of a particular Hekau
path. Choose one path (most likely your character's Amenti
specialty). Sekhem costs for all rituals of that path are halved
(round up).

HIGH PAIN TOLERANCE
(3 PT. MERIT: 1 PT. FOR SEFEKHI)

Your character can shrug off the effects of injury more
easily. Reduce by one all of your character's wound penalties.
The Amenti functions as if he is unhurt when Injured,
Injured when he's Wounded and so forth. Your character
still suffers damage normally, and he still drops when he's
Incapacitated.

IMMUNE TO DISEASE (3 PT. MERIT)

The powerful Sekhem in your character's body renders
him immune to normal diseases and infections. As long as
the Amenti has at least one Sekhem point, he cannot
become infected with any non-magical disease. Ifhis Sekhem
drops to zero, your character becomes just as vulnerable to
disease as anyone else. If your character is infected but he
restores his Sekhem later, the disease's toxin rating decreases
by the Amenti's current Sekhem rating. If the toxin rating
drops to zero, your character is cured. For more information
on diseases, see Chapter Five.

IMMUNE TO POISONS (3 PT. MERIT)

Your character's strong Sekhem protects him entirely
from normal poisons, although poisons and potions created
using Alchemy still affect the Amenti normally. If his
Sekhem drops to zero, your character becomes vulnerable to
poisons. If your character is poisoned and he restores his
Sekhem later, the poison's toxin rating decreases by the
Amenti's current Sekhem rating. If the toxin rating drops to
zero, your character purges the poison completely. For more
information on poisons and their effects, see Chapter Five.

NOBLE BEARING (1 PT. MERIT)

Perhaps your character's tem-akh was of noble blood, or
perhaps that blood flows in the veins of his khat. For
whatever reason, your character has a noble bearing and
manner befitting a king or Pharaoh. Others take notice and
heed the Amenti's words. Reduce by two the difficulty of any
Social rolls in situations when your character can bring his
force of personality to bear. The Storyteller has final say on
situations in which this benefit might apply.

OSIRIS' GIFT (1 PT. MERIT)

Your character has a gift for cultivating flora, even in
the desert. He can make grass grow, flowers bloom, plants
sprout and so forth with a simple touch. Plants tended by
your character always do well, although they must survive in

the natural environment on their own once the Amenti has
left them behind.

SEDUCTTVE (1 PT. MERIT)

Filled with vibrant life, each Amenti is a naturally
sensual being. Your character finds that others are particu-
larly drawn to him. Itmay be something about his appearance,
manner, bearing or simple joie de vivre. Still, your character
is likely to earn more than his share of bitter rivals (as well
as, possibly, angry jilted paramours and spouses). Reduce by
two the difficulty of any Seduction rolls, and likewise reduce
the difficulty for Subterfuge attempts that exploit your
character's sen:

ANACHRONISM (5 PT. FLAW)

Something went wrong with your character's joining.
Perhaps the mortal spirit was too weak or too far gone.
Perhaps the cultists made a minor error when they performed
the Spell of Life. Whatever the reason, the mortal psyche has
fled, leaving only the tem-akh's scarred personality in con-
trol. Therefore, your character has awakened in a strange
new world, with incomplete memories of his First Life in
Egypt. Your character has no memories of his Second Life,
and he can only recall his First Life by using the Memory
Background (p. 66). At character creation, your character
has access to only those skills that his tem-akh could have
known. Therefore, the character may have no modern
Abilities such Computer or Firearms (including speaking a
modern language). Also, no starting Ability can have a
rating higher than your character's Memory score. The
Amenti can learn modern skills with practice (and experi-
ence points). Your character also has difficulty pretending to
be whoever he appears to be, resulting in possible trouble
with ties from his Second Life.

FLASHBACKS (2 PT. FLAW)

Your character sometimes recalls some traumatic experi-
ence that he went through in one of his past lives. Additionally,
your character may mistake people, places and things for similar
ones in his memory, and he may act on those erroneous
conclusions. Make a Willpower roll at +1 difficulty whenever
the Amenti is ina situation similar to that experience, or when.
he encounters something that reminds him of it. On a success,
your character avoids being overwhelmed by frightful memories
during that scene. If you botch the Willpower roll, your charac-
ter becomes almost catatonic, entirely lost in his recollections.
Instead of making the roll, you can spend a point of Willpower
to ignore the effects for one scene.

LESSER RESURRECTION (3 PT. FLAW)
Ss 1 I ided

ft from earlier voided

the new Spell of Life, due to fear of the judges or Horus or for

CHAPTER THREE: THE MODELER

WY

anerepnanate


some other reason. Such rebels suffer the condemnation of the
Shemsu-heru and related cults. Your character is one of the
Shuankhsen, also called the Lifeless. The mummy is alive, but
not perfectly. Your character has all of the physical properties of
life, but he has no true life force. Such an unfortunate mummy
may not have children, and he registers as unusual to any
supernatural senses that detect deficiency in the life aura.
Having this weaker link to life, you must succeed on a Stamina
roll when your character is Incapacitated to keep him from
dying. This Flaw also renders the mummy's blood stale and
devoid of sustenance to vampires.

LIFEBLOOD (5 PT. FLAW: 2 PT. FOR UDJA-SEN)

Like the Udja-sen, your character cannot draw Sekhem
from any external source, including the Web of Faith. Instead,
the Amenti must expend his own life force. Your character has
no Sekhem to spend. Any time that your character would use
Sekhem, he must expend the corresponding number of health
levels instead. Your character may not have the Immune to
Disease or Immune to Poisons Merits.

PROBATIONARY MEMBER (3 PT. FLAW)

Your character is not entirely trusted as a member of an
organization such as the Cult of Isis. Older members look upon
him with suspicion, and they do not trust him with the group's
Secrets or any major responsibilities. On the other hand, if
there's drudgery to be done (or a suicide mission to go on), you
can bet that they'll pick your character to do it.

RA'S REST (3 PT. FLAW: 1 PT. FOR MESEKTET)
When night falls, the sun god falls into the sleep of death
as his great barge sails through the underworld. According to
legend, the dead stand guard over Ra's body and fight the
demons of Apophis who seek to consume him and keep the sun
from rising again. Whether your character seeks to protect Ra
orhe is bound helplessly into the sun god's rhythm, the Amenti
follows Ra'scycle of death and life. Each night when the sunsets,
your character falls dead and does not return to life until dawn.
Sunrise does not repair any damage that the Amenti suffered
during the night. It is possible that your character could be hurt
badly enough that he plunges into an actual death cycle.

SLOW HEALING (3 PT. FLAW)

Your character has difficulty healing injuries to his khat.
The Amenti's natural healing rate is half that of a normal
person, and special healing methods (such as alchemical
potions and other forms of Hekau) are only half as effective.

STERILE/IMPOTENT (1 PT. FLAW)

According to legend, Osiris was torn apart by his mur-
derous brother and returned to life emasculated because the
birds of Isis could not find his phallus. Your character suffers
froma powerful link to that bit of the ancient story, and even
the new resurrection has not overcome it for some reason.
Although your character lives and is not actually missing any

organs, he is infertile and sexually impotent. Sefekhi may
not take this flaw, since they have already duplicated its
effects in their gruesome ritual of rebirth.

SOUL'S REFLECTION (1 PT. FLAW)

In mirrors and other reflections (including conven-
tional photographs, but not video) your character appears as
he did in his First Life. For instance, the Amenti might
appear in reflection as an African woman despite having the
khat of an Englishman in current times. Obviously, this Flaw
can sometimes cause problems with hiding your character's
Undying nature.

TOUCH OF DEATH (4 PT. FLAW)

Unlike other Amenti, your character paid a heavy price
for his release from the Lands of the Dead. He carries some
of the power of death within him, affecting whatever he
touches. Simple living things, such as plants and insects,
wither and die at your character's touch. Hardier creatures
also suffer damage, losing one health level for every hour
after the first in which they remain in contact with your
character. The injured and ill cannot heal in the Amenti's
presence. Healing rituals are at +1 difficulty if they are
performed within three yards of him. Your character can heal
normally, but he suffers the increased difficulty if someone
tries to use a healing ritual on him. Your character is likely
to be shunned or pitied by others for this curse. This Flaw is
most common for Sefekhi mummies, and it is often found
coupled with the Gift of Thoth in Necromancy.

THE PRELUDE

As you can see from the involved manner in which a
mortal becomes one of the Amenti, a lot can happen in a
character's life even before he's reborn as a mummy. The
prelude is an excellent way of starting a mummy character.
It gives you a stronger handle on your character's back-
ground, personality and goals. An Amenti's rebirth and
redemption is a unique experience that should be reflected
in the prelude.

THE SECOND LIFE

The prelude should ideally begin during your character's
Second Life, the life of the mortal host. It's one thing to know
that your mummy character was a failure or that he was
imbalanced in some way before his death. It's another to
actually roleplay and experience the character's failings before
death claims him. The prelude can highlight how a character
makes the transition from the Second Life to immortality.

Your character dies during the prelude. Depending on
the theme of the story and your character's concept, you
might not necessarily know how, though. The Storyteller
may want to keep details of your character's death a surprise

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

Babee pe Pepe Pe RCD

oe pebekekek

bre ered edhe

DEN

TAN


inavanananats

until the prelude. Conversely, she may want to work with
you to work out the circumstances of your character's death.
A particularly devious Storyteller may even set things up so
you believe you are playing a mortal character in a different
World of Darkness chronicle like Vampire or Hunter, then
arrange for your character to instead become Reborn, kick-
ing off a Mummy chronicle.

After death, your character's mortal spirit meets with
the tem-akh that offers him eternal life. You and the Story-
teller should roleplay the encounter with the tem-akh spirit.
How does it introduce itself to your character? How does it
convince the mortal soul to become a deathless agent in the
struggle to restore Ma'at to the world? What are your
character's experiences during the hajj? Your character's
khat must journey to the Lands of Faith under the guidance
of the tem-akh. How does it manage to do so? What chal-
lenges does the spirit have to overcome, and how does it deal
with them? Does the tem-akh meet up with others of its kind
(such as the other characters) along the way? What happens
when it finally reaches its destination?

Then comes the Spell of Life ceremony. Your character's
soul must journey to the underworld and appear before the
Judges of Ma'at. How does he react to being judged for his past
failures? How does he deal with proof of the existence of ancient
deities and the Egyptian afterlife? Your character should come

ack from this confrontation transformed. This experience is
likely to be the most profound and shocking of your character's
life to date, so give some thought to its impact.

BEGINNING AT THE VERY BEGINNING
If the Storyteller and the players wish, they can
even begin the prelude during the First Lives of the
mummy characters, playing out some pivotal event(s)
sin the tem-akh's mortal existence. This memory is
‘likely something important to the tem-akh that the
thummy retains in the present day (see the Memory
Background, p. 66).'For a Storyteller who plans far
enough in advance, this memory may also relate to a
plot in the upcoming chronicle. For example, one
~-Character's prelude is about his tem-akh's experience
as a priest in ancient Egypt. The Storyteller then
knows that later in the chronicle the charactets will
"geek the ancient lost temple in which the priest once

3. Players may play their own "characters diting
their First Lives, or the Storyteller might ask the
players to play each other's First Lives, making them
Seer more like strangers when the time comes for the
tem-akh to join with the mortal host. te

The information in each previous chapter and in the
beginning of this one is useful in describing what mummies
go through during the rebirth process of a Mummy prelude.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

The character-creation process is only the tip of the
iceberg when it comes to figuring out who your character is,
which leaves a lot of questions unanswered. You may want to
use the prelude to address some of these points right away or
consider them for future reference. To help define your
character more clearly in your own mind, you may want to
answer the questions in writing, as your character might
answer them.

© Who were you in your First Life?

The tem-akh is an important part of the Reborn that
helps heal wounded and incomplete souls. What was the life
of your tem-akh like? In what part and era of Egypt did you
live? What was your career or calling in life? Did you
accomplish any great deeds or leave anything behind when
you died? How old were you when you died? You might have
been only a child, or you may have lived to a ripe old age
(which may have been only a few decades in the ancient
world). What are your strongest memories from this life?
How did your First Life end, and what did you experience in
the underworld? Why is your particular tem-akh the stron-
gest part of your soul, the only part to survive the Dja-akh?

© Who were you in your Second Life?

Your Second Life took place in the modem world. What
country did you live in? What kind of life did you have there?
What did you do for a living? What goals did you have? How
long did you live your Second Life? What things were important
to you then? Also consider the impact of your death on the
people you knew in your Second Life. How did they react? What
would they think if they knew about your new, immortal
existence? Do they even know that you're alive?

Also consider the contrast between your character's
First and Second lives. What happens when a nebbish who's
always been weak-willed receives part of the soul (and
memories) of a great and forceful general? What about the
macho, sexist man whose spiritual partner is a female slave-
dancer? Or for that matter, what happens when the person
who would never harma fly is coupled with a dark and savage
khaibit spirit?

¢ What was your failing?

Every mummy had a hole in his Second Life that the
tem-akh filled. What was yours? How did that weakness in
your soul manifest itself? If your khaibit was weak in your
Second Life, were you meek and passive or did you guiltily
repress your instinctive impulses? If your ka was unsound,
why did you have no regard for your body? Did you see it
as something to use and have fun with like a toy, or was it

CHAPTER THREE THE MODELER

pepgnenens cits

YO

a

we

bapdeee

7X

tes


=)

something you hated and wanted to hide? Consider the
effect your weakness had on your Second Life and on the
lives of those around you. Were you a despised boss or the
friend everyone had to cheer up and look out for?

¢ How did you die, and what kind of impact did your
death have on you?

The Second Life's weakness often leads directly to its
end. Having a weak ka might eventually result in a fatal
overdose, for instance. On the other hand, the end of
the Second Life sometimes has noth-
ing to do with the soul's
weakness. A fatal acci-
dent or crime can
befall anyone.
Which one hap-
pened to your
character? How
much does he
remember about
it? How does it
affect him now?
A particularly
traumatic death
might have last-
ing effects on a
character's
psyche.

* How did
you reach the
Lands of Faith?

The jour-
ney to reach the
Lands of Faith is
a difficult one,
particularly for
the tem-akh
spirit, since it
knows little
about the mod-
ern world. How
did you handle
the journey?
Wasitrelatively
easy or extraor-
dinarily
difficult? What
things did you
have todoalong the
way? Do you regret any

of them? What did you learn in the process?
¢ Who performed the Great Rite for you?
Once you reached the Lands of Faith, which cult did
you meet? Who performed the Spell of Life over your
khat, and where did they do so? Were you one of the first
to be reborn in the modern era, or was your rebirth more
recent? Did any complications arise during the ritual
(perhaps resulting in certain Flaws)? How did it feel when.
you began your Third Life as one of the Undying?
¢ Who taught you?
Once you began your
Third Life, who educated
youabout the history
of the Reborn and
» the secret lore of
Amenti? Wasit
mortal follow-
ers of Osiris,
other mum-
mies or both?
Were you a
good student or
a difficult one?
How easily did
you adapt to
your new exist-
ence? What
new interests
seized you in
your new exist-
ence? Were you
drawn to par-
ticular areas of
study? Did you
feel a need to
fill in areas you
neglected in
your previous
lives? Did you
flee from those
who gifted you
with new life?
What caused
you to run
away? Why do
you now live on
the run from
those of your kind?

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

sthana Pai Ra

ARARA

Yo y'y yy

We WY WW www WY

Fe eS eee

ek


© How do you see your duty to Osiris and Ma'at?

Although mummies are beings of Ma'at, they accept
and follow their duty in various ways. Some are holy warriors
who seek to destroy the enemies of Ma'at. Others are schol-
ars who seek to bring enlightenment and lost knowledge
back to the world. Others are mediators and councilors who
work to create peace and understanding. What do you see as
your duty to Ma'at and Osiris? Do you see them as the same
thing, or are your duties sometimes in conflict? Do you feel
aneed to atone for the things you did in your previous lives?
Do you instead consider your Third Life a clean slate,
devoted to the cause of Ma'at?

* How do you deal with the mortal world?

While the Reborn are concerned with the world of the
living, they each choose to deal with it in their own way. Some
consider the Third Life just that, the start of a new existence,
and they cut all the ties that bind them to their Second Life so
that they can serve the needs of Ma'at. (Such mummies also
tend to have high ratings in the Arcane Background.) Other
mummies consider their connections to their Second Life an
important part of their ability to serve Ma'at, particularly if the

circumstances of their death and resurrection plausibly allow
them to maintain them. They use the resources and connec-
tions they had before their rebirth to further the cause of Ma'at,
to right offenses to the balance that they committed in their
previous life orboth. Which are you! If you are isolated from the
mortal world, do you regret it or prefer it that way? If you're not,
do you maintain (and perhaps correct) your Second Life, or are
you building new ties with mortals and a new life for yourself
elsewhere?

© What do you believe?

Being Reborn is a shock to anyone's beliefs about
the nature of life, death and spirit. Although mummies
are devoted to the cause of Ma'at, their beliefs about
the nature of the world and its great spiritual mysteries
can (and do) differ to some degree. How does a Funda-
mentalist Christian reconcile the existence of Osiris
and the resurrection he offers with the truth of the
Bible? How does an atheist deal with proof of the
existence of powerful spiritual beings and an afterlife?
What (if anything) does your character think lies
beyond the Lands of the Dead?

CHAPTER THREE: THE MODELER

Www yX WY


( Ditrih om be wil to th ty f the off. St exposed h phere Gomes 6
wally, uk  Dictrick was not aigriatad Si lnfestin the Coun Ce
f Mt ty to action inst elon haettbe de wall if, A5te ied <Distri ba that
i was ri Me le he enemies o oy at soe the agent o of. Warder ir destruction,
labs tof iid psa shed dL aptinstl "Dikpichs (ere lhe the eteiy he band of 4 "he
1b SAM top vin i tes Sulit lei LL into the 6 aif fafare bin im, momentarily @scurin, Ban |
ofthe the tau, 4, ad take ho ours fOr Districh to raise tho winds to suffiGnt fron
The. aster' Laas in motion now, the, LS weke 4 afar pitch around kin, him, Che san stig
it "2 int clo Si
PER 9 he. lor 8 ou cob ht ies a de is wore f dl tio shal d dan
hy art, Romainin hore jal on ii id bristle sy 7 day be he | ad con f Ub for hs is
Date Whe 16 San rie no conscience, O nce roms wes 4, soradp nol tthe Ls creator
was in its spethor be S t was festa incornate, ul it was ae idiutha hog hand,
Nan in the. Coun were ih coision i anith he fo ae his,
the placs i, ee, Mo 4 at, and aay ag ls SS C, an complete af
| was ened pee The HA 4, ora on the toumsfa ale
(ope ce ting poits, ‘or thea Cs rays ito Nf occa, ast i le ning
the uno net rp red a eae nd raf Ue tle utr
* BM hora fal ar then em, but ie wnider 1 under st od that Sacrifices waist So wil in Wis Of tar,

qos 16 winds gui Oaverlax of scourin, ie oe ie rich fi ah he | ig BS his
pete sas 7 7 emul aloud.

Lodagufpam Vind? mie, anergy, (ven om
Lent ‘ound, bis orf ie ihoybe itr ante Les

the growl ng stor, nae re bag i) Grivard b vA carrie ong by inn
blo ‘m to tt tir in, i ome tea ae

fe storm gle 5 is eth had ve "Ditkrich ta
a ches wage of sand int, valey

bbc ap ae accople ea the. fy

pe Hl de Hos pods in vind he, Chat rushol dpe C0 sup sigaly the. atid ole
pease ‘Ore of tes wtb stands "inne edo tbe roiling mass as te

Fi; Beit at t lee

a "indi 4 ol i thes is force Of 1 alte, + one a pie the a piustice of Ma a at,

ult hep fo be 30 fortunate, MN one


gZ

The ancient Egyptian word for magic was Hekau —
which means literally "words of power." Most of the ideas of
magic that have passed to us through texts are those of the
priesthood, but Egyptian stories tell of power wielded by great
magicians and common folk alike. The Pharaoh drew his
authority from the fact that he was the living incarnation of
the gods, but anyone could master the secrets of magic by
learning the language and secrets of the divine. Popular folk
tales contained references to the discovery of the texts of the
god Thoth. Magical feats littered the stories that spread
across the land. The incredible efforts of artisans and magi-
cians assisted the ancient Egyptians in building a culture that
lasted thousands of years and left monuments so grand that
they impressed all who came to the Land of Khem through
the centuries. The magic of Egypt formed the very basis of
most Western occult knowledge for ages to come.

If you've played Mage: The Ascension, you should be
familiar with the concept of magic as a dynamic force,
pushing the envelope of reality in myriad ways. Those on the
forefront of such endeavors are the pioneers of change. Even
in the practice of magic, the dependable result spawns tradi-

ae CL

IMY: THE RESURRECTION

absbapanemananabenatanenenatanebananebanat cn te
WWWY VY VY YY.

Py

CQ,Der

USING WORDS TO DESCRIBE MAGIC
IS LIKE USING A SCREWDRIVER TO CUT ROAST BEEF.

-TOM ROBBINS

tions, routines and customs that grant immense power to the
student who masters them.

The goddess Isis brought new insight into the spiritual
void that preceded the birth of the earthly gods of the Ennead,
and her creative energy served as a balance to Osiris' timeless.
power, even as her role as sister-wife-queen matched his of
brother-husband-king. Nevertheless, most of the people who
inherited the teachings that Isis offered, as Thoth had once
offered them to her, gained mastery over the world around
them by using the spells and formulas she taught rather than
by relying on the theories and principles behind them.

The Cult of Isis preserved the divine knowledge of the
goddess for thousands of years, adapting them only slowly to
a changing world. Their lore laid the foundation of Middle
Eastern sorcery, even as the wisdom of the god of life forged
the crucible of its faiths. Most tem-akh learned at least some
basic charms of protection during their lives in ancient
Egypt, and the Amenti return to life at the hands of cults
possessing great arcane knowledge. In the resurrection of the
Amenti, 6000 years of mystical tradition have found new life
and power.

PW yy vw


HEKAU PATHS

The six paths of Hekau divide the occult praxes of Isis,
Thoth and millennia of sorcerers into distinct magical sciences.
A truly puissant magician will eventually gain knowledge of
every art, but most of the young Amenti struggle to recapture
even a fraction of the glory that built mighty Egypt. Each
Amenti finds that a certain path comes most naturally to her
ancient soul fragment, whether due to old memories or instinc-
tual bent. The six mystical paths include:

ALCHEMY

Named for Al Khem, or the Black Land, the art of
Alchemy was one of the greatest gifts from Egypt to the
my: m of the West. The search for the elixir of life, the
panacea of universal medicine and the transmutation of base
substances into gold led to the creation of an encyclopedia
of potions, poisons and cures for nearly every occasion. The
Egyptian priesthood naturally expanded the care for the
spiritual well being of their charges to cover their charges'
physical welfare, and they commanded the greatest libraries
of mystical formulas.

The Scroll-bearers guarded a priceless trove of knowl-
edge during their reign in the underworld as lords of Amenti.
The return of the Khri-habi has unfurled the scrolls of
wisdom once again.

AMULETS

The Hekau path of Amulets — also referred to as meket
— is the art of crafting charms that focus magical power,
most often for protection against evil, sickness or sorcery.
Deceased Egyptians were usually buried with a number of
amulets that were designed to ward them from various
calamities that might befall them in the underworld. These
items ranged from tiny carved trinkets hidden in the mummy's
wrappings to a Pharaoh's full regalia.

Tomb Watchers commonly learned to use at least a few
warding spells while defending the khat. Each of the Kher-
minu possesses at least one point in the Amulets Hekau path.

CELESTIAL

Ra progresses through the sky each day, while the stars
reflect the writings of Thoth's great tomes at night. A
Cel
see what is to come and to command the phenomena of
nature with her will. Although it is often subtle, Celestial
magic has a broad scope. These spells alter fate and fortune,
influence the weather and even call upon the gods them-
selves for succor. Dedicated Celestial practitioners often
seem like astrologer-priests, who create their magic by peti-
tioning the gods and studying complex patterns of connection
between the heavens and the earth:

ial magician learns to tap into these heavenly forces to

The cycle of Ra reflects in the existence of the Mesektet,
who naturally gravitate toward Celestial magic. The Night Suns

reverberate with the heavenly cycles, so they find themselves
attuned to the ebb and flow of stars, moons and planets.

EFFIGY

This magical art derives its power from the sympathetic
link between a physical representation and the original or ideal.
Ushabti or "answerers" are common creations of this art. These
magical statues are designed to perform any tasks assigned to the
deceased in the afterlife. The path includes concepts of archi-
tectural magic as well as spiritual symbolism.

The Sakhmu artisans of the Hekau path of Effigy created
much of the grandeur of Egypt, from intricate golden masks to
the eternal pyramids. The Spirit Scepters erected the gateways
tothe afterlife, communicated the divine vision to the populace
and built the vessels that carried the dead to Paradise.

NECROMANCY
Anund ding of the soul is for beings who
travel between the lands of life and death. Egyptians recognized
multiple parts of the soul, as reflected in the varied Resurrected.
Itis no wonder, then, that they had such a keen understanding
of Necromancy and its principles. A necromancer channels the
energy of the khaibit (the blackened soul-shadow) and uses its
necrotic powers to influence the underworld and the dead. Such
banish ghosts, protect the Reborn's
soulas it wanders the afterlife or even energize the mummy with
the entropy of death itself. The magician must always be
cautious, though, lest the malefic powers at his command
become unruly or the khaibit itself claim too much dominion.
Necromancy isabalancingact anda reconciliation between life
and death that brings the living and dead worlds closer together.
With their strengthened khaibit, the Sefekhi find Necro-
mancy an alluring study. Darkness — and command over it —
comes naturally to the Unbandaged Ones. Some of the other
Resurrected worry that it comes to them all too naturally...

NOMENCLATURE

The Creator spoke the Word, and the Word brought the
universe into being. Nomenclature Hekau was called ren, or
naming, by the Egyptian sorcerers, and it is the ultimate
mastery of the language of the divine. The evolution of
language and its corruption in the face of the erosion of time
peech. Of widely
studied languages, only ancient Egyptian and Sanskrit still
bear any truly significant trace of the First Tongue. Rare
survivors of the elder Shemsu-heru are among the few
remaining inheritors of the Nomenclature of gods.

WORKING MAGIC

An Amenti's magical authority is recorded asa rating in
whichever respective paths of mystical power she possesses.
A beginning character has three points to place among the
Hekau paths, although you must assign one to the primary

has clouded most memory of the Creator

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER


Ww Www wt

Hekau path of your character's tem-akh. You may purchase
further paths with freebie points, but no beginning character
can have any path rating above three. Furthermore, no
Hekau path can be higher than the character's Balance
rating. (See the Balance Trait, p. 141, for details.) A
character's rating in a path of Hekau represents her ability to
perform magic of that particular type.

SPELLS AND RITUALS

Hekau magic includes fast magical effects and those that take
extended time to complete. For simplicity's sake those powers that
can be accomplished in a single turn are called spells, and those that
require an investment of time and effort are referred to as rituals.

ific Hek h does not grant the mummy
individual spells or rituals automatically. The path rating is the
ity te Ils within a particular art, not knowledge of the
individual spells themselves. The Amenti must still master each
spell or ritual separately, but none of the ones she learns may exceed
heradvancementon that particular path. Furthermore, the charac-
ter must learn two spells and/ or rituals of a particular level before
leaming any from the next. The mummy must learn two spells/
rituals from level one before learning any from evel two, and ene
must then learn level two before |
from level three.

While obtaining Hekau paths does not inspire knowledge
of specific magical formulas automatically, any dedicated prac-
titioner picks up at least a modest collection of charms. You
reflect this aspect of creation each beginning mummy character
by giving her a total of two level-one rituals and two level-one
spells among her Hekau. You may purchase more for your
character with freebies, but spells and rituals must come from
the Hekau paths that the character possesses, and they may not
exceed the level of the respective path.

A path of Hekau represents the authority that the
mummy gains over creation due to the acquisition of mysti-
cal knowledge and adherence to the cause of balance. The
judges punish those who come before them after having
strayed from the path of Ma'at. An Amenti who is found
guilty of abusing Ma'at finds her Hekau path ratings reduced
to equal her current Balance score or reduced by one for
those paths that are already equal to or lower than her
Balance rating. The character doesn't lose the actual spells
or rituals of a level higher than her current Hekau path.
Instead, she loses the knowledge of how to cast them until she
regains the appropriate Hekau level. At that point, any spells
and rituals become available again as the mummy dredges
them up from the depths of her mind and reinvests them with
the authority of the divine order.

CASTING SPELLS
To cast a spell, roll a dice pool equal to your character's
rating in the appropriate Hekau plus a designated Trait, as

ee
specified by the spell description. The corresponding Trait is
typically an Attribute or an Ability, and it is based on your
character's p ratings. (Any due to
magic do not apply.) ‘lhe player makes the roll against a
target number equal to the spell's listed difficulty level.
Successes are applied as appropriate to the spell description.

Many spells also require an expenditure of Sekhem. The
player must spend this Sekhem immediately, whether the
spell succeeds or not. You may spend additional Sekhem
points prior to the roll to gain automatic successes. At least
‘one success must result from the spell roll, however, and the
Sekhem spent toward extra successes cannot exceed your
mummy's rating in that Hekau path.

A botched casting leads to a calamitous failure. Some
spell descriptions contain possible miscast notes, but Story-
tellers are encouraged to impose appropriately horrible
accidents that further the story and deepen the mood of the
World of Darkness.

PERFORMING RITUALS

Performing a ritual follows the same rules for casting a
spell, except that the mummy must invest more time and
effort to achieve her desired effect. Each Hekau path lists the
average time required to perform its rituals. Additionally, a
ritual is considered an extended action (see Vampire, p. 194,
or Mage, p. 217). During your character's casting, you must
gather a number of successes equal to the ritual's Sekhem
cost. On a botch means, the mummy loses all the Sekhem
required for the ritual at the very least, and he must start
over. Depending on the severity of the botch, the Storyteller
may apply further penalties.

Multiple mummies may collaborate ona ritual. Doing so
doesn't reduce the casting time, but it does allow the players
to pool their successes (see Teamwork in Vampire, p. 195,
and Mage, p. 219). The characters may each invest Sekhem
also, although the one leading the ritual must contribute at
least three-quarters of the total Sekhem required.

Alchemy, Amulets and Effigy rituals usually take much
longer, due to their reliance upon crafting objects or brewing

potions. On the other hand, the results of such rituals are
easier to store in order to create effects quickly and depend-
ably later. Powerful practitioners of these Hekau arts can be
deadly foes if they are given warning and time to prepare.
A mummy is limited by her capacity to harness properly
the powerful energies that various Hekau give them. As
such, an Amenti may employ at one time a total number of
active amulets and effigies that is no greater than her
Balance + Amulets or Effigies rating (whichever is higher).
This limit applies only to those objects a mummy creates
through the use of ritual magic. Spells are fleeting enough in
their effects that their use does not significantly impact any
amulets or effigies that the mummy is already using.

MY: THE RESI

pibtonebupaneperenctatanenanabatencbdte!

fabsrabanancnanenanenens

ad


HEKAU DESCRIPTIONS

Each Hekau effect follows a standard format. First comes
the effect's name, followed by its type (spell or ritual). The
type entry dictates the length of time required to cast the
effect. Next comes the dice pool, the combination of Trait
and Hekau path used to cast the spell or ritual, along with the
difficulty you must meet or exceed on the roll. Then comes
the rating of how much Sekhem, if any, is required to power
the effect. Tying it all together, a description then provides
an explanation of just what the spell or ritual does

Certain descriptions reference rules sections in Vam-
pire: The Masquerade. All White Wolf core rulebooks
contain equivalent information, although the specific page
numbers differ.

HEKAU AND ATTRIBUTES

A number of Hekau paths offer ways to raise acharacter's
Attributes above their natural level and even beyond the

ai
WORKSHOPS AND LABORATORIES

Creating certain spells and rituals listed
under the Hekau paths requires materials
and tools. Specific ingredients are included
for each spell as appropriate, and the name
and description often suggest ideas. The Sto-
ryteller should feel free to require characters
to gather rare substances or exotic materials
assuits the needs and themes of his chronicle.

Performing Alchemy magic usually re-
quires a facility with methods of heating,
mixing, grinding and boiling its assorted
components. Amulets generally demand
some artistic work, although not necessarily
that of the magician. Many Amulet Hekau
rituals empower items that have already been
created by craftsmen who are the mummy's
allies. Effigy Hekau usually makes use of
statues and models, so clay, wood, stone and
tools with which to shape them are com-
monly employed. Celestial magic sometimes
involves no more than looking into the sky,
but its practitioners often draw complex
‘charts and record notations of future desti-
nies. Necromancy, as one can imagine, often
calls for the use of items from the underworld
or funereal paraphernalia, including natron,
cutting instruments and muslin gauze. Only
Nomenclature Hekau iscompletely free from
the need for focusing elements or materials.

al ae lacie

normal human maximum. Using Alchemy or Amulets is the
most common way to achieve such supernatural puissance,
although other arts may grant similar abilities through spells
that are not included here. Special rules apply to the act of
using magic to improve Attributes, depending upon the
recipient and her personal prowess.

One very important note is that multiple Attribute
enhancement methods cannot add to the same Attribute
simultaneously. Should a character drink a potion that
increases her Wits while wearing an amulet that also raises
her Wits, only the higher bonus applies. Duplicated mystical
power merely overlaps. Nevertheless, it is important to keep
track of the source of Attribute enhancements in case
circumstances change. If a character imbibes an elixir that
modifies an Attribute and he carries an amulet that modifies
the same Attribute, the elixir remains active if the amulet is
later snatched away. Likewise, if an elixir's effects wear off
while a character is wearing an amulet, the amulet's magic
remains in effect.

Through adherence to Ma'at (and by spending experi-
ence points), a character can increase an Attribute above
five dots permanently. Magic can increase the mummy's
Attribute even higher. However, the increase attained
through magic is figured starting from the normal human
maximum and not from the character's superhuman rating.
So if you bought your character's Charisma up to 6 and she
drank a potion that granted +3 to Charisma in the next
game, her effective Charisma while the potion lasted would
be 8 (5 human maximum + 3 potion bonus).

This limitation also applies to any other supernatural
beings that might discover some way to benefit from Hekau.
Still, most such creatures find Hekau enhancements useless
to them unless they have a Balance or True Faith rating of
three or more. (Minions of Apophis possess a Corruption
rating that substitutes for Balance and which gives them the
ability to use dark Hekau equivalents of the effects described
here.) No Hekau can raise an Attribute by more than three
points. Therefore, no character may have a rating higher
than eight dots in any Attribute by using magic.

Only a mummy who gains the highest pinnacle of Ma'at
and spends experience can hope to raise an Attribute above
eight points. This accomplishment is exceedingly rare for
one Attribute, let alone multiple ones.

ATTRIBUTE ENDOWMENTS

An enhancement from an amulet and alchemical brew
that raises the mummy's Attribute higher than five typically
provides the Trait with a focused benefit. The Trait increase
is more limited in scope, but it is more powerful in effect.
Mystical Stamina might apply only to soaking wounds.
Heightened Perception might endow a mummy with only
supernatural hearing. Although it is narrow in function, the
Hekau's endowment is distinctly incredible.

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER

bana batenbee

TW Ww naar

WW

Wy WE

pekekelebelel eceeclec ed

The ing charts give

f special ben-
efits that particular temporary ultra-normal Attribute ratings
may provide. These endowments do not apply to Attributes
that one has raised permanently. Instead, the focused ben-
efits reflect the specific mystical boost that Hekau provides
rather than the universal usefulness of a permanently ac-
quired Attribute. It is up to the Storyteller to decide which
endowment results from a particular type of Hekau. Since
Hekau can raise a mummy's Attributes to no higher than
eight points, the charts list examples only for ratings 6
through 8.

Each chart provides at least one example for a given
Attribute level. Use them as starting points for your own
character's endowments. A creative mummy could come up
with any number of magical superhuman expressions for a
given Attribute.

STRENGTH.

Rating Effect

6 Your great fists strike with staggering force. Your
opponent must make a successful Stamina roll
(difficulty 7) when you strike him or be dazed (see
Vampire, p. 213). ;

7 Your grip is mighty as a crocodile's jaws; you can
bend steel bars.
You strike opponents for lethal damage.

8 You could carry one of the greatest blocks of the
pyramids.

Your earth-shattering power inflicts strikes so dev-
astating that they inflict aggravated damage.
DEXTERITY
Rating Effect
6 One extra action.
Perfect cat-like balance reduces falling damage and
acrobatics difficulties.
7 Two extra actions.
Blinding cobra-like reflexes. Roll initiative twice
and choose the highest result.
8 Three extra actions.
Near-absolute control of manual tasks. You could
flip heads on a coin every time.

STAMINA

Rating Effect

6 Tough as an ox. You are immune to most sickness
and weaker poisons.
One additional Bruised health level.

7 You are immune to all non-magical poisons and
diseases.

MUMMY: THE sabanet

ateteteie bes eles eeelebebel keke

Two extra Bruised health levels.
You take half bashing damage after soak (round
up).

8 Tireless as a camel, you never need to sleep.
Three extra Bruised health levels.
You take half lethal damage after soak (round up).

CHARISMA
Rating Effect

6 Commanding presence. Others fall over them-
selves to please you.
7 Awe-inspiring. Mortals bow in awe or flee in fear,

depending upon your actions and the situation.
Impressionable people roll Willpower against your
Charisma or suffer from an ecstatic or psychotic

episode.
8 Divine aura. Crowds of mortals flock around you,
and they are like sheep under your guidance.
MANIPULATION
Rating Effect
6 Absorbing. You can place a single individual in a

mild hypnotic trance with a successful resisted
Manipulation versus Willpower roll. Lasting for the
scene, you can direct the subject to perform minor
tasks as long as they do not threaten her.

7 Enthralling. With a successful resisted Manipula-
tion versus Willpower roll, you can implant a
post-hypnotic suggestion for a target to perform
later, as long as it doesn't threaten her life.

8 Enslaving. As under 6, but your influence contin-
ues even when you're not around, so that the subject
feels inclined to look out for your best interests as
long as doing so doesn't put her in danger.

APPEARANCE

Rating Effect

6 Heavenly. Your attractiveness has an inner quality
that causes others to see their own ideal. Each
person sees your beauty through her own desires,
and people may disagree as to exactly what you look
like.

7 Mesmerizing. Those who are attracted to you fall
into a stupor as though you were their favorite rock
star or fantasy celebrity. They must roll Stamina or
actually swoon in rapture.

8 Hypnotizing. Your words reach into the stunned
mind of those who see you. Regardless of their
normal sexual orientation, they must roll Will-
power to resist trying to satisfy your every desire.

!


PERCEPTION

Rating Effect

6 You have the eyes of an eagle, the night vision of a
cat, the ears and nose of a hound or hands delicate
as a set of scales.

7 You perceive infrared and ultraviolet wavelengths.
You hear like a bat, even using sonar to paint a
sound-picture of your surroundings.

8 You read an opponent so well that your Perception
may replace Dexterity in hand-to-hand combat.
You can pierce any sensory-confounding magic —
invis

ility, illusion — up to level five, and can
tesist higher level magic with a successful resisted
Perception roll against the power.

You may gain slight extra-sensory perceptions at
the Storyteller's discretion.

INTELLIGENCE

Rating Effect

6 Eidetic memory. You have an encyclopedic pool of
knowledge.
You can decipher puzzles or mysteries with minimal
clues.

7 Intuitive understanding. You may make Intelli-

gence rolls regarding matters in which you don't
have actual Skills or Knowledges. (Normal rules
apply a-I dice pool penalty to Skill rolls and forbid
any Knowledge roll in which the character lacks a
rating.)

8 Universal mind. Your mind is in tune with the
cosmic consciousness. Spending at least an hour
contemplating the divine order grants one level per
success on an Intelligence roll for any Knowledge
(difficulty 6), Skill (difficulty 7) or Talent (diffi-
culty 8). This temporary rating lasts for the scene.

‘WITS

Rating Effect

6 Lightning calculator. You can perform complex
math instantly in your head.
You may sum up a situation instantly. Roll initia-
tive twice and choose higher result.

7 Complete integration of memory and mental ca-
pacity prevents surprise or ambush.

8 Computational mastery. You may have profound

insights by processing vast bits of information that
reside in an event and reaching an inspired conclu-
sion that leaves others in open-mouthed amazement.

ALCHEMY

The paths of Alchemy Hekau are most familiar to a
modern audience as the medieval alchemist's quest to dis-
cover the secrets of the universe through experimentation.
Believing that the ancient Egyptians had already mastered
the art, European alchemists sought the secrets of the elixir
life and the panacea. Students of Cabirus still think that the
rituals stolen from the Shemsu-heru contain the power to
bring eternal life. A long track record of failure and subtle
efforts on the part of the followers of Horus to mislead
searchers caused most post-Alexandrian alchemists to focus
instead on attempts to turn lesser metals into gold. A trove
of alchemical knowledge, later called the Kitab al-Acir, was
hidden away long ago from those who invaded and defiled
the land of Khem. The mastery of Alchemy by some occult
societies obviously proves that the art was not completely
lost. The Amenti bear memories of long-forgotten formulas,
and they cast the piercing light of ancient knowledge upon
dim modern alchemical understanding.

ALCHEMICAL PREPARATIONS

The process of Alchemy is not properly a spell or ritual.
Instead, an alchemist creates a product that embodies the
effect he seeks or one that induces the desired result. Al-
chemical spells and rituals are generally called formulas, and
one usually achieves their effects with a particular prepara-
tion. Except for some of the simplest preparations, Alchemy
usually requires long hours of work in a suitably equipped
laboratory. ume that an alchemist must work for an
average of one hour per level of the formula. Once created,
an alchemical concoction has a long shelf-life. Assume that
a substance created through Alchemy Hekau retains its
potency for one year per path level. To ensure that she has
asteady supply of her creation on hand when the need arises,
an alchemist usually creates a batch of the formula rather
than just one dose.

Alchemy aims to perfect the tangible, and it can affect
the spiritual only through the rarified nature of a soul's
physical form. Therefore, Alchemy may affect only the body
(khat) or a physical substance. A non-corporeal entity or
spirit may not partake of an alchemical preparation. Further-
more, Egyptian alchemical (ormulas are based on the human
pattern, so they will not benefit supernatural creatures other
than mummies. Poisons are the exception to the rule, and
they will generally have some effect — although preternatu-
ral beings may have some native resistance. Storytellers are
encouraged to formulate suitably disastrous mishaps that
might befall beings other than mortals or mummies who
consume the products of Alchemy.

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER


While it might be possible to specialize in a brand of
Alchemy that affects a given type of supernatural, the player
of the alchemist makes the rolls for any alchemical proce-
dures with such a focus as though the alchemist had two
fewer dots in Alchemy. Successful preparations of this sort
also have unwholesome side effects on humans who partake
of them. A mummy had best remember that Ma'at frowns
upon aiding the forces of isfret. The Judges of Ma'at may
punish the character for such effrontery.

FORMS OF THE ART

Before an alchemist creates preparation, she must determine
what form she will give it. The form depends upon the alchemist's
method of processing the particular formula involved.

¢ Salve: Any soft paste or lotion that may be applied to
skin or the surface of an object. A poisonous salve may be
applied to a sharp blade, while a healing salve is typically
applied to the wound. The individual applying the salve
must be careful not to touch the salve directly in order to
avoid experiencing the effect herself.

¢ Essence: A volatile substance that is either kept in
gaseous form or kept standing as a liquid that evaporates
quickly upon exposure to the air. The desired subject must
inhale the essence or be caught in its caustic cloud for the
spell to take effect. Essence preparations are often used sy
perfumes, although smoke or incense may also b« i

* Potion: A specially formulated liquid that its benefi-
ciary (or victim) must drink. If the alchemist mixes the
potion with another substance — such as wine, water or
coffee — to mask it, the target may make a suitable Percep-
tion roll to notice that something is amiss. To be successful,
the attempt requires a number of successes greater than the
alchemist's Alchemy rating.

© Powder: A mixture dehydrated for ease of transport.
Such a preparation is usually mixed with a liquid for con-
sumption or burned to create an essence. Rarely, the formula
calls for the conglomeration of the powder into a solid piece,
such as the legendary philosopher's stone.

DETERMINING SUCCESS

Creating a preparation requires the standard Hekau
path roll, using the mummy's Alchemy rating, against the
formula's difficulty. The alchemist's player must declare how
she intends to use extra successes before beginning the
process. Unless the description notes otherwise, each success
results in one dose. As noted previously, creating alchemical
preparations requires an average of one hour per level of the
formula being created.

Alternatively, the alchemist may try to replicate a
single dose of a given concoction as quickly as possible. In
this case (and provided that the mummy has created that
exact formula ly before), the number of successes

a form of essence.

GOALS OF ALCHEMY.

‘An alchemical preparation's purpose usually..te-
lates directly toits physical form. Aspart of this mystical
science, Alchemy allows the apparent violation of
natural chemical properties. In game terms, all -Al-
chemy-is concerned with at least, one of three results:

Identification: Knowledge is power. Understand-
ing specifically what composes any object, creature or
substance gives the alchemist potential power over it.
Alchemists become aware of substances' inherent prop-
erties that mere chemists never uncover.

T ion: Many alche i sses seek
simply to change one substance into ‘another: dich as
the well-known quest to create gold from lesser materi-
als, The result may be a purified form of the original

a new sub her or a°strangé
blend of the mixture's components.

Catalyst: Many alchemical preparations have.as
their primary goal the:ability to cause change in other ®
substances or forms. At the heights of mastery, the
alchemist may even transform her own body into a
catalyst that is capable of causing changes in the world
-around her.

penis

divides the amount of time required down to a minimum of
five minutes per level of the alchemical formula. Therefore,
if the alchemist tries to create a quick application of a
poisonous salve of the "Mild Poison" type, and her player
rolls three successes on Poisons + Alchemy, the total prepa-
ration time is 20 minutes. (One hour [fora level-one formula}
divided by three [for the three successes].)

A third alternative is to make an especially potent
preparation. Doing so creates only a single dose, and the
successes on the roll go to increasing its potency rather than
reducing the preparation time. The player records the num-
ber of successes that the dose achieved. These successes are
applied when the dose is used, making it significantly more
difficult to resist.
Since alchemical can be stockpiled, they
present a great source of potential power. As such, it's
important to entertain the realistic possibility that the
alchemist may create a bad batch occasionally. The Story-
teller may choose to make all Alchemy rolls for the character
so that he does not necessarily notice such mishaps. The
preparation may then lie in wait, ready to cause unexpected
trouble when the alchemist tries to use her botched brew. An
extremely perceptive character might note oddities of the
preparation if she has made a proper batch previously. It's
not always easy to tell if one has made a bad batch, especially
when dealing with highly potent mixtures that may behave
somewhat differently from normal concoctions.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

pabetabanenenenenenendhatabatdtdtchetebebenetatananandt zk eka

wr


TRIAL AND ERROR effects. Unless the fs lasei notes that the
Translating a formula into a preparation is a formula may not be resisted, the victim's player may
tricky process that inexperienced alchemists are roll Stamina with a difficulty equal to the
likely to botch. The Storyteller should be formula's listed difficulty. The subject must
creative in assigning unpleasant results. roll at least one more success than the
An explosion might rip through the alchemist applied to the mixture's po-
alchemist's laboratory, causing at least tency. A normal dose has a default of
one level ofbashingdamage per botched ‘one success, so a subject must get a
die and destroyingall materialsnearby. minimum of two successes to resist
Alternatively, the process may appear the effects. As noted previously, a
to have worked perfectly, but the sub- dose made explicitly for increased
stance may cause terrible side effec potency adds the successes from the
or backfire. The Storyteller should alchemist's preparation. If a potent
exercise caution in creating botch ef- dose has three successes applied to
fects, sinceacleveralchemist will find it, the subject who drank it needs at
productive uses for her mishaps once least five successes to resist it.

she understands the properties that
she has accidentally instilled. The LEVEL ONE
ALCHEMY

character may even try to replicate
notably useful botched results!
ANALYZE MATERIAL
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Intelligence + Al-
chemy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: None
‘The time and effort the alche-
mist spends investigating the
properties of various substances has
resulted in an incredible catalog of

The Storytellershould reward the
player for detailed accounts of her
character's alchemical explorations.
Highly specific (and entertaining)
notes about a character's lab work
should result in appropriately gener-
ous experience allocations.
Alternatively, the Storyteller might
apply a lower target number or an
extra success for a particularly well-
documented batch. Conveying
research details may be handled with
a one-on-one gaming session, an
"alchemist's notebook" or some other
meansthatare agreeable to both player
and Storyteller.

DURATION AND
RESISTANCE

Egyptians divided the day into
three four-hour "toris," orseasons, and
they recognized this division through-
outtheircelestial astrology and magical
praxis. Thestandard alchemical prepa-
ration either creates an instant and
permanenteffect, or it lasts foranaver-
age of one tori (four hours) before the
effect fades. Taking multiple doses of a
potion with a time duration normally
lengthens the duration, rather than increas-
ing the effect.

Sometimes, a subject may wish
to resist an alchemical preparation's

chemical knowledge. This spell is
not properly an alchemical prepa-
ration. Instead, an alchemist may
observe a material object to deter-
mine its makeup. Doing so can be
useful when evaluating suspicious
jewel, the age of a papyrus scroll or
the durability of a wall. A clever
alchemist puts her knowledge to
use in innumerable other ways. Each
4) success that the player rolls pro-
vides increasingly detailed
information regarding the object.
CLOUD OF SMOKE
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 1
With this spell, the alchemist can cause
any fire, even asmoldering spark,
toemit acloud that conceals the


area. The smoke is normal in all ways. It causes visual and
olfactory difficulties for those in the area, including the
alchemist. The thick smoke cloud fills a 10-foot cube of
space for each success on the roll.

DRINK OF SEVEN DAYS' REST
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Medicine + Alchemy
Difficulty: 4

Sekhem: None

The Drink of Seven Days' Rest is usually brewed as a
potion, and it relieves fatigue instantly, restoring vitality to
anyone who drinks it. If the beneficiary's health level is
Bruised, the potion also restores one health level. No healing
occurs with more seriously wounded characters. A successful
preparation leaves the recipient feeling refreshed and alert
for four hours. The beneficiary tires normally after the effects
wear off.

Botching while mixing the preparation results in a
corrupted potion that gives the unfortunate drinker a split-
ting migraine for four hours. Even attempts to sleep are
useless, and the unfortunate victim suffers a +3 difficulty to
all tasks during this time.

MILD POISON

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Poisons + Alchemy
Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: None

This ritual creates a simple but effective poison with a
lethal toxin rating 2 per dose (see Poison and Disease, p. 136,
for details). A poison takes effect in the same turn it is
administered, and the effect is permanent, although a victim
may heal as normal if he survives. On a weapon, the poison's
damage applies in addition to that of any blow inflicted by
the weapon itself.

A Mild Poison may be difficult to spot. A successful
standard Perception roll is required to notice it, whether it
is a salve made to coat a surface or a potion slipped into the
victim's food. The number of extra successes spent on the
preparation's potency reduces the victim's difficulty.

Using poison on any but the foulest minions of Apophis
is i in th f Ma'at and the judges.

POTION OF RESILIENCE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Medicine + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: None
This substance is essentially a supernatural anesthetic.
Although it is commonly created as a potion, it may take the
form of a powder, salve or essence. The recipient's wound

penalties decrease by two health levels. Therefore, a Mauled
character suffers only a -1 penalty rather than the usual -2.
Even a user who falls to Incapacitated may continue activity
until the effect's duration ends. Of course, dying puts the
recipient beyond the help of any painkiller.

SIMPLE ELIXIR
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty:
Sekhem: None

A Simple Elixir is a catch-all designation fora plethora
of preparations that magically boost a recipient's Attributes
temporarily. Each application raises by one the Attribute it
is designed to boost for about four hours. As noted previ-
ously, multiple applications increase the effect's duration,
not the Attribute boost.

A character must learn each preparation separately.
Your character might learn Simple Elixir: Draught of the Ox
(Strength) or Simple Elixir: Cobra Sweat (Wits). Each elixir
corresponds to the Attribute upon which it has an effect.
Some common elixirs include:

Strength: Draught of the Ox, Sweat of the Horus-Bull

Dexterity: Monkey's Dew, Beloved of Ptah

Stamina: Tireless Draught, Blood of the Horse

Charisma: Potion of the Sun, Splendor of Ra

Manipulation: Tears of the Cat, Golden Tongue

Appearance: Courtesan's Brew, Salve of Delight

Perception: Thoth's Ink, Eagle Tears

Intelligence: Priest's Brew, Blood of Imhotep

Wits: Cobra Sweat, Merchant's Joy

Anelixiris generally created asa potion, but other forms
can be brewed. Doing so may limit the elixir's utility,
however. A salve is normally restricted to the area to which
it is actually applied, so a Stamina salve rubbed on the legs
may enable the user to run fora long time, while a Wits salve
rubbed onto the scalp might make the user mentally quick.
Unfortunately, the same Stamina salve rubbed onto the
eyelids might keep the user awake despite physical exhaus-
tion, and a Wits salve rubbed into the nose might make it
twitch like a rabbit's for four hours. Similarly, the entire dose
of an essence must be administered to one person in order to
be effective. The vapors must be confined into a small area
or inhaled directly from a container, otherwise the user
cannot absorb enough to achieve the desired result.

SIMPLE PHILTRE

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: None

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

eee ROPE ba be ea ees eee EELS eR ELLs

rwww

sae


Folk tales are rife with these magical potions. A Simple
Philtre inspires a particular emotion — be it fear, love,
courage, anger or something else. As with elixirs, acharacter
must learn each type of philtre separately.

The philtre floods a character with a particular emo-
tion, even if such a feeling is normally unthinkable to the
recipient. This effect adds +1 difficulty to any roll to resist
circumstances relating to the emotion created. Succeeding
on Seduction rolls is far easier against a victim of a love
philtre, as is succeeding on Manipulation attempts against a
character who is subject to feelings of adoration. A courage
philtre makes the subject more likely to attempt hazardous
endeavors, while a hate philtre is useful when trying to
provoke an individual.

A few common philtres are listed here. Storytellers and
players should create other philtres for emotions not listed
here. A Simple Philtre follows the same rules noted under
Simple Elixir, and it affects only the victim to whom it is
administered.

Love: Cleopatra's Tears, Wine of Delight

Fear: Gaze of Ramses, Backbone of Water

Courage: Lion's Blood, Sweat of Horus

Hate: Blood of Set, Oil of Vengeance

SIMPLE TONIC
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Medicine + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: None

A tonic is a preparation that heals damage caused by
sickness or physical attack, and it may take the form ofa salve
or potion. Each dose of a Simple Tonic restores one health
level of bashing or lethal damage.

STASIS
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 1

Much of Alchemy revol dchanging sut
Ironically, one of the changes many alchemists seek is to
make something unchanging. The alchemist uses this spell
to keep a nonliving object from being altered by outside
influences. Stasis only works on one substance of a single
piece that is no greater than the mummy's own approximate
mass. A successful casting roll reduces the effectiveness of
any attempt to alter the substance's current state by one die
per success gained. Therefore, a bucket of water is more
difficult to freeze or boil, and a solid piece of wood is harder
to burn or hack apart. This effect lasts for the scene.

LEVEL TWO ALCHEMY

BLOOD OF THE SNAKE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Poisons + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: None

Each dose of this preparation — typically a potion or a
salve — defends against poisons for four hours. This brew
reduces by three the toxin rating of any poison that is already
in the character's body or introduced into her body during
the antidote's duration. See p. 136 for information on
poisons and toxin ratings. Reducing a toxin rating to zero
negates the poison's effects entirely. If this potion is admin-
istered within one turn of the point at which a poison took
effect, Blood of the Snake can also restore a number of health
levels to the subject equal to the successes gained on a roll of
the alchemist's Alchemy rating.

COBRA SPIT
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 1

Although it could be used as a poison, this potion is
actually a vitriolic acid. Each dose causes one level of
aggravated damage to whatever substance it touches unless
said substance is gold or glass. Cobra Spit can be used to eat
through non-living barriers, and it is devastating against
living tissue. Considering the fact that all other materials are
likely to corrode when brought into contact with this con-
coction, the alchemist always stores Cobra Spit in gold or
glass containers.

ESSENCE OF LONGING
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Seduction + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: None

This perfume acts as a mild aphrodisiac on those who
inhale its fragrance. To those beneficiaries with the appro-
priate sexual inclination, the essence effectively increases
the user's Appearance and Charisma by two points. Anyone
else who is subjected to the fragrance might become uncom-
fortable around the user due to conflicting feelings they
likely don'trecognize consciously. The Storyteller may modify
stance roll against the essence depending upon fac-
tors like how close the affected person is to the user or
whether a breeze is blowing. Those who resist may find the
scent of the perfume cloying or simply not notice it.

CHAPAER: FOUR: WORDS OF POWER


EYES OF THE KA

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Thanatology + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: None

Thealct
eyes and ears. While its effects last, the character may see across
the Shroud into Neter-khertet, the part of Duat that borders
closest to the world of the living. The Shadowlands appear as a
ghostly overlay superimposed upon the physical world. Sights
are distorted and sounds are muted, Since ghosts normally pass
unseen amongst the living, they are likely tonotice that the user
is actually observing them.

Botching this preparation spells trouble. The resulting
salve might render the user temporarily blind or deaf. Worse
still, it might subject the user to visions so terrible that she loses
her mind, gaining a temporary Derangement (Vampire, p

222).

ICE OF THE DESERT
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 1

Supposedly, the ancient Egyptians could create ice by
placing water out at night under the stars. This spell lets the
alchemist change a substance's state within a reasonable scope
(never by more than one step). Mercury and water turn into
solids, soft metals turn to liquid, stone and hard metal soften,
and air thickens into liquid condensation.

sical sal i elbenehistardt

applies th tothe 's

The change in state maintains itself for one turn per success.
hesut Juall

Oncethedurationends,

state asappropriate tothe local conditions. The spell altersonecubic
foot per success, provided that the alchemist can touch the targeted
material. Furthermore, the substance affected must be part of one
contiguous mass, and it may not interfere directly with any living
creature. Therefore, the air above a person's head could be affected,
but that in his lungs is immune.

LESSER QUIDDITY

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy

Difficulty: 7

Sekhem:

Every substance has an inherent essence that provides it with

spiritual properties in addition to its physical ones. The science of

chemistry abandoned such alchemical principles when its rulesand

methods could not rep he d qualities. One of these

of alchemists is that quiddity (the substance's essence) may be

activated by the flow of Sekhem. An empowered quiddity transfers
b tothe firstperson that it touches. This

ih
property lasts for one scene. Sometimes, especially with modern

tt 4 materials, th I effect is th ne as the physical
chemical property.

No Lesser Quiddity effect may exceed one die, an adjust-
ment of one toa target number ora temporary adjustment of one
health level. The true advantage of the spell is its flexibility.

An alchemist could use willow bark to reduce a
beneficiary's wound penalty by one point. A bit of moss

could help in Survival rolls when a character is trying to
determine north. A bit of a lion's mane might grant an extra
die when a character is dealing with animals. Unfortunately,
we can't provide a comprehensive list of mythical properties
for every substance on earth. Use the examples here and
research common legends and myths to create more.

REED OF HIDDEN CURRENTS
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: None

Science has invented the litmus test. This spell precedes
such primitive detection by millennia. With a few words of
power and an investment of Sekhem, the alchemist empow-
ers bit of hay, straw or grass to detect the presence a specific
other substance. The alchemist then casts the enchanted
substance into the air or upon the surface of a liquid. On a
successful roll, the reed points the direction of any detect-
able quantity of the requested substance. This spell has a
range of one mile for each point that the mummy has in
Alchemy Hekau, and it lasts for the scene.

SPARK OF RA
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: |

One of an alchemist's goals is mastery of the elements.
This spell lets the mummy start a fire with little more than
her force of will, a couple of words and a non-living flam-
mable substance. The size of the subsequent fire depends
upon the amount of flammable material available and the
number of successes the alchemist's player rolls. Damage to
a victim caught by the flame follows normal rules for fire as
noted in Vampire, p. 227.

LEVEL THREE ALCHEMY

COMPLEX ELIXIR

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: 1

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


Not surprisingly, a Complex Elixir is a more powerful
version of a Simple Elixir. Each elixir here works like its
respective level one equivalent, but it imbues the recipient
with two extra points to any of his Attributes. So Tireless
Draught might increase Stamina and Strength by one each
for the potion's duration.

COMPLEX PHILTRE

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy

Difficulty: 7

Sekhem:
A Complex Philtre is simply a more potent form of a

Simple Philtre, its level-one equivalent. The complex ver-

sion adds +2 difficulty to any roll to resist circumstances

relating to the emotion created.

COMPLEX TONIC
Types Ritual
Dice Pool: Medicine + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 1
A Complex Tonic heals three health levels of bashing
or lethal damage that derive from disease or injury. Other-

wise, it operates according to the same rules as a level-one
Simple Tonic.

DANGEROUS POISON
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Poisons + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 1

Any Lucretia Borgia wannabe can make some form of
poison. This formula represents knowledge of a number of ways
to create mixtures that conceal the preparation and use quite
deadly toxins. Always remember that using poisons is no light
matter, and it invites dire punishment in every culture.

This preparation creates a poison witha lethal toxin rating
of 5 per dose (see Poison and Disease, p. 136, for details). Even
if the subject resists the toxin's effect, he still suffers one bashing
health level of damage. It otherwise functions just like a level-
one Mild Poison.

ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND TONGUES
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Linguistics + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: None

This preparation endows the user with the ability to
speak and understand any spoken language. The user may
drink it as a potion or apply it to both the ears and mouth as
asalve. A salve applied to only one sensory organ bestows

only partial enchantment. A salve applied to the hands and
eyes enables the user to use and comprehend sign language
and Braille. Botched batches of this concoction might ren-
der the user a babbling idiot temporarily, make her
misinterpret everything she hears or leave her capable of
speaking only a particular foreign tongue.

POTION OF VALOR
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Medicine + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 1

A more powerful form of the Potion of Resilience, this
preparation reduces wound penalties by four levels instead of
two. It also grants two temporary health levels below Incapaci-
tated, which forestall death and allow the beneficiary limited
mobility. This extra resilience lasts until the potion wears off, so
someone who is hanging onto life thanks to this potion must
receive medical attention or healing magic before its four hours
pass, lest he fall dead.

SALTS OF THE DEAD
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Thanatology + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 1
Egyptian mortic' oaked corpses in natron to desiccate
them and protect them from harm. By touching a bit of salt and
speaking a few words of power, the alchemist may assume
certain protective characteristics of the dead. For one turn per
success, your character may ignore any damage that would affect
only the living. Therefore, one could ignore poisonous gas, but
not astab wound. Given that a component of any damage that
aperson suffers is traumatic shock, the alchemist may reduce by
one health level all damage she receives while thisspell isactive.
The salt that the alchemist uses is left blackened and useless
when the spell activates.
TEARS OF ISIS
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 2
Astaple ofalchemists, this one-dose potion stores Sekhem for
future use. When making the preparation, the alchemist's player
must decide upon the amount of Sekhem she wants the potion to
hold, then she must spend that amount of Sekhem along with the
min hat the ritual itselfrequires. Obviously, the pl:
spend more Sekhem than her character has on hand.
The player may not use successes tc Joses. Instead,
‘one success is required for each point of Sekhem infused into the
preparation, and any extra Sekhem dissipates. Therefore, if an
alchemist expends five Sekhem to create a dose of Tears of Isis that

plus amount invested

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER

cel eke bekebetsEebel secre M


contains three Sekhem, but he gets only two successes, the potion
contains two Sekhem, and the remaining Sekhem is lost.

When consumed, the Tears of Isis potion increases the user's
Sekhem score temporarily, even above its normal maximum.
Sekhem poi i
first to be expended, and any points that remain unused when the
potion's duration is over are lost. Only one Tears of Isis potion may
benefit a character at any one time, and further draughts have no
effect before the initial dose is exhausted.

LEVEL FOUR ALCHEMY

ASHES TO ASHES
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 3

This spell acts much like Ice of the Desert except that i it can
d of vit
Each success represents one human-sized portion of material that
may be affected, provided that the alchemist can touch it during
casting. The change that the mummy intends to affect must be
possible in nature, but they occur instantly. Stones tum into fine
powder, wood turns into ashes, metal turns into useless corroded

gee

lly any inert substa any other state.

Ena dull to pal na ag lie become tombs
dust and so on,
GREATER QUIDDITY

Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 2

This spell causes the same effects as Lesser Quiddity does, but
the mystical property endowed is stronger. The effect grants three
extra dice on a roll, a reduction of three to a target number or a
temporary adjustment of three health levels.

PANACEA
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Medicine + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 4

This ritual creates a potion that can cure almost any
disease. Each dose removes from the recipient one illness up to
a toxin rating equal to the alchemist's Medicine + Alchemy
rating — from a common cold to amoebic dysentery to AIDS.
The panacea does not heal wounds, however.

PHILOSOPHER'S STONE
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 9

Sekhem: 3

This preparation takes the form of a powder that has
congealed into a solid pebble-like form. Each time a dose
touches base metal, the dose is expended in a brief glow that
changes the metal to gold or silver. The change is perma-
nent, but it can affect only a couple of ounces per dose.

POTION OF THE SEPARABLE KA
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Meditation + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: 3

This potion puts the user into a trance-like state, allow-
ing her consciousness to separate from her body and travel
astrally. More correctly, the mummy's spirit remains con-
nected to her physical form via the protective link of her
khu. Astral travel operates mostly as per the Psychic Projec-
tion power in Vampire: The Masquerade (p. 152) or under
the astral projection rules in Mage: The Ascension (p. 178).
The spirit is restricted to travel in the Shadowlands, the near
portion of the underworld that reflects the Lands of the
Living. The mummy must use other Hekau (notably Necro-
mancy) to plunge into the far depths of Duat.

If the user's consciousness is still separate from her body
when the potions wears off, the khu snaps her wayward spirit
back into the khat. Returning to the flesh in such a jarring
fashion requires the user's player to make a Stamina + Occult
roll (difficulty 8) or lose a bashing health level due to shock.

LEVEL FIVE ALCHEMY

CATALYST CRUCIBLE
Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: Special

ELLXIR OF LIFE ETERNAL

Alchemy isa vital component of preparing a body
for resurrection. An ointment composed of a mixture
of sacred oils and essential salts prepares the khat to
receive its spirit and become one -of the undying. ‘
Alchemists pursuing the legendary elixir often claimed =
to have discovered its secret, yet seldom (if ever) was
a mummy born of their efforts,

» Tronically, many of these talented alchemists had,
in fact, discovered the key steps to readying the body.
for eternal life. Prepared as the corpse might have
been, it lacked necessary assistance from across thé,
Shroud. Body and soul must both be suitably primed.
for the Spell of Life-to work.

HUMINCY: 4 RESURRECTION

Rebeka Fel abel te bebel relate


The alchemist transforms her body into a living cata-
lyst. While in this state, the mummy is a physical
representation of her Alchemy knowledge. She may touch
or consume any preparation and transform it into any other
preparation that she knows how to make. The alchemist can
transmute only one dose is in this fashion, and the alchemist's
player must spend Sekhem as is normally required to create
the new substance.

This spell is particularly handy in surprise circum-
stances. A mummy who is tricked into drinking a Deadly
Poison but then casts Catalyst Crucible before the poison
kills her could transform the poison into a Simple Tonic.
Less dramatically, an alchemist could change a philtre of
Gaze of Ramses into the Sweat of Horus.

DEADLY POISON
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Poisons + Alchemy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 2

This preparation creates a poison with a lethal toxin
rating of 7 per dose (see Poison and Disease, p. 136, for
details). Even if the subject resists the toxin's effect, he still
suffers three bashing health levels of damage. By spending
two additional Sekhem during preparation, the alchemist
can transform the lethal poison into one that inflicts aggra-
vated damage. It otherwise functions just like the level-one
Mild Poison ritual.

DUST TO DUST

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Thanatology + Alchemy
Difficulty: 8 (6 versus the undead)
Sekhem: 2 + potential level of damage

This spell is predicated upon the concept that all life
ultimately sprang from the Creator's manipulation of plain
earth. The mummy first touches her intended victim, which
requires an attack roll in a conflict situation. After spending
the Sekhem required for the spell, the alchemist's player
spends an additional number of Sckhem equal to the amount
of damage she hopes to inflict, then rolls for the spell's
success. Each success equals one level of aggravated damage,
up to the amount of additional Sekhem spent. In addition to
inflicting painful wounds, the spell transforms the damaged
flesh into fertile black earth. Should the victim survive this
attack, he will be gruesomely disfigured where he was struck.
FLESH OF THE GODS

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Thanatology + Alchemy

Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: 3

Ancient Egyptians believed that the gods' flesh was
gold. With this spell, the alchemist can apply gold dust to her
body while intoning mystical prayers in order to achieve a
divine state. Her body and spirit absorb the gold's essence,
gaining majesty and magical protection for the remainder of
the scene. Each success for the spell translates into one
automatic success that the alchemist's player may use to add
to soak or Social rolls. Any automatic successes that the
player does not use disappear at the end of the scene as the
gold reverts to its natural state and flakes away.

POTENT ELIXIR
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 2

The Potent Elixir is a significantly more powerful for-
mula of the level-one Simple Elixir. Each specific Potent
Elixir bestows three points that the player can use to boost
any of her character's Attributes temporarily. Remember
that a magic endowment is based upon the natural human
Attribute range of one to five dots.

POTENT PHILTRE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 2

The Potent Philtre works exactly like a more powerful
form of its level-one counterpart. It adds +3 difficulty to any
roll to resist circumstances relating to the emotion that the
philtre inspires.

POTENT TONIC
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Medicine + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 2
The Potent Tonic heals up to five health levels of
bashing or lethal damage. Otherwise, it operates according
to the same rules as a level-one Simple Tonic.

POTION OF THE DIVINE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Medicine + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 3

This ritual is an improved version of the Potion of Valor.
The user suffers no wound penalties, regardless of health
level, and he receives three temporary health levels below
Incapacitated that forestall death and allow him mobility. If
he takes any more damage, however, the character dies as

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER

Peper Pe papa ed wba be Re Ue td ed odode cba

a7


normal. The effects of any wounds that remain hit full force
after the potion wears off.

POTION OF THE VILE BODY
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Poisons + Alchemy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 5

Consuming this potion renders the user immune to all
forms of poison, flooding her system with deadly venom in
the process. Her entire body, including various fluids and
secretions, becomes poisonous.

Against living targets, the character's excreted bodily
fluids act as a contact poison of lethal toxin rating 5. She can
spit venomous saliva, cry poisonous tears and even discharge
toxic urine. Even breathing on another living being causes
the victim to make a Stamina roll (difficulty 8) or lose one
bashing health level. Against nonliving materials or tissue,
her corrosive fluids destroy two levels automatically.

A vampire who drinks the user's blood suffers two levels
of aggravated damage per blood point ingested. Likewise,
anyone cutting or stabbing the user risks getting splattered
with toxic blood. To avoid this damage, an attacker who
draws the user's blood must get a number of successes on a
Dexterity + Dodge roll (difficulty 6) greater than the number
of health levels he inflicted. If the attacker is splattered, the
effect is the same as if the user spat on her opponent. An
attacker who draws blood with natural weapons like claws or
teeth takes damage automatically, and a material weapon
suffers the corrosive damage described previously.

The su on the ritual determine the number of
"doses" — the amount of fluid that is concentrated enough to
inflict appreciable damage — your character can summon up
externally within the potion's four-hour duration. The effects of
the user's blood are constant as long as the potion lasts.

AMULETS

The ancient Egyptians called the Hekau path of Amulets
"meket." The art consists of the manufacture of various small
magical items that protect or enhance the living and the dead.
Amulets may take any form, from jewelry to finely crafted
tokens to slips of papyrus inscribed with spells of protection.
Even symbols painted carefully on the body could provide
power. Certainly the more durable the substance that was used
to create an amulet was, the longer it will last. In this frenetic
age, however, speed is often of the essence.

CRAFTING AN AMULET

Creating an amulet first requires crafting an item to
contain the power invested (roll Dexterity + Crafts or Wits
+ Crafts). The time it takes to inscribe the proper magical

symbols onto the item determines how long it takes to create
an amulet. Painting a series of symbols onto the skin requires
five minutes per level of the Amulets Hekau. Such designs
are fragile, though, which makes them very short-lived.
Considering the magical energy expended in creating an
amulet, most Hekau artisans wish to invest in more perma-
nent materials. The time one spends inscribing words of
power into an amulet of more durable nature depends upon
the complexity of the ritual. Unless otherwise noted, an
Amulets ritual takes one day per level of the ritual being
performed. Since the work requires demanding focus, much
of the time includes taking breaks to recover physical and
spiritual strength. While crafting an amulet, an artisan may
do nothing but sleep, eat and meditate to recover Sekhem.
To speed the process along, the requisite Sekhem may come
from other sources, such as the Tears of Isis potion or vessels
capable of storing magical power.

The artisan himself needs not actually craft the base
item to be enchanted (although it helps). The ancient
priesthoods of Egypt employed a veritable army of skilled
craftsmen to create jewelry and other baubles that reflected
the magnificence of the gods. Likewise, scribes drafting tiny
scrolls of warding did not often make the papyrus that they
wrote upon. Whether she makes the amulet herself or uses a
pre-made object, the artisan must actually inscribe the
magical symbols into the item personally. As noted for all
rituals, doing so requires an extended action using a dice pool
designated by the particular ritual to gather a number of
successes equal to the Sekhem rating.

An active amulet's resonance causes a slight mystical
interference around its bearer. A successful Perception + Aware-
ness roll (difficulty 9) reveals something special about the
amulet. Actually discovering the item's purpose or its approxi-
mate power level requires an Occult + Amulets roll against a
difficulty equal to the amulet's Hekau path rating + 3.One can

h if
| means of d difficul

to discern the amulet's function. An amulet that is designed to
protect against scrying reduces any such attempt against all
items that the user has about her person.

Once an amulet is created, it retains its enchantment for
a number of months equal to the character's Amulets +
Balance total. To renew the enchantment before the time
elapses, the artisan's player rolls the dice pool listed for the
ritual. Doing sois a simple action that takes only five minutes
per level of the ritual, and only one success is needed. She
must invest the full Sekhem listed for the ritual, however. If
the amulet's enchantment lapses, the artisan must perform
the entire ritual again.

USING AN AMULET

Using an amulet generally requires nothing more than
wearing it in some fashion. Doing so may be made more

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

as


spells often carries with them greater cost in
terms of magical energy.

WARDS

The most common use of
amulets throughout history has
been to ward off danger or evil.

As such, a Hekau amulet's
safeguarding capability is typi-
cally called a ward. Each ward
protects against one particu-
creature who wears them. A num- lar circumstance and operates
ber ofamulets provide protection at a specific ward rating
for a natural (i.e., inanimate) equivalent to the amulet's
corpse, including a mummy's Hekau path level.

body while her spirit is in the Unless otherwise speci-
underworld. Ancient mummies . % fied, the ward rating subtracts
were usually buried with a num- a from any successes rolled
ber of protective wards concealed ae against the user that fall into
within their wrappings, while
mighty priests and Pharaohs
practically dripped with jeweled
protection.

tricky if the artisan installed safeguards that
tequire some sort of activation before the
amulet functions, or if he has personal-
ized it so that only a particular
individual may use it.

Most amulets provide con-

tinuous effects, although some
may operate only under specific
circumstances. Unless otherwise
stated in the following descrip-
tions, amulets work for any living

the realm of the ward's pro-
tection. Therefore, if the
wearer has a level-two ward
that protects against hostile
magic and he is struck with a
magical attack that achieves
three successes, the amulet re-
duces the attacker's successes
toone automatically, This ef-
fect applies immediately after
the attacker's roll and prior to
any other resolution, such as

Amulets will not benefit
vampires, shapeshifters or non-
corporeal beings such as ghosts

and spirits. Storytellers are en-

couraged to devise appropriately
catastrophic mishaps should a
being other than a mortal or
mummy attempt to use an amu-
let. It is rumored that some Bane soak or dodging.
mummies have special amulets
that may aid other monsters, but
only the foolish and insane
would accept the corrupting aid
of the Children of Apophis.
Some amulets even allow
for quick and dirty one-shot
spells. Such Hekau typically con-
sists of simple symbols written
hastily in makeup or paint on
the skin or ink on a scrap of
paper or papyrus. Even spittle
and dirt on a nearby surface may
serve in desperate situations. The

Theluvenmay wear wal:
tiple amulets, but only the
highest tating applies if more
than one ward has the same
defensive focus. Should that
amulet be removed or de-
stroyed, the next highest
rating kicks in.

DESTROYING AN
AMULET

Although invested with
tremendous power, an amulet
is not impervious to harm. As
mple guideline, one level of
bashing or lethal damage is suffi-
cient to break an amulet made of
glass or plastic. Two damage levels will
wreck a talisman made of
wood or bone, and three
damage levels will ruin an

Sefekhi occasionally carve such
symbols directly into their flesh.
As with all Amulet magic, the real
power of the inscription is the Sekhem
invested into it. Still, the
emergency nature of hurried

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF AMARA

Tobe

We


amulet made of metal or stone. One level of aggravated
damage is sufficient to destroy any amulet.

To cause destruction, the attack must specifically target
the amulet. This means the attacker must know the talisman
is worth attacking to begin with. This typically requires a
Perception roll as described above, or some other method of

detectio

g as foolish as the mummy
brandishing her amulet and crying out, "My Greater Ward
protects me from all harm!" The amulet loses its mystical
ability as soon as it is destroyed. This doesn't involve any-
thing like a spectacular burst of preternatural force. Perhaps
anticlimactically, the amulet's effect dissipates as if in the
face of a strong wind, leaving the amulet ruined and the
wearer no longer benefiting from it charms.

LEVEL ONE AMULETS

ASHEN SHROUD
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Thanatology + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: None

By intoning appropriate words of power while quickly
applying dirt or ash to her face, the artisan takes on a mien
of death. Her appearance becomes as one of the walking dead
for the remainder of the scene. She is a creature that clearly
is not alive, yet she moves nonetheless. All mortals in the
area are thrown into hysterics at the sight (see The Veil, p.
140). This spell does not effect the supernatural.

EYE OF THE HORIZON
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Perception + Amulets
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: None

This spell links any single image of an eye to the artisan's
own senses. This image can be anything from the plastic eye
of an action figure to an ancient hieroglyph carved ona tomb
wall to one drawn quickly ona napkin. Until the next sunset,
the artisan may see what the linked eye sees just easily as he
can see with his own eyes. The eye and the artisan may not
be parted by the curve of the horizon (about 12 miles at sea
level), however, or the spell is broken.
SIMPLE WARD
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Amulets
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 5

A Simple Ward allows for a variety of defensive effects.
Each is designed to defend the wearer against one particular
type of harm, so the artisan must learn each ward asa separate

ritual. Some wards protect specific parts of the body and
those effects mystically associated with them, while others
guard against particular types of magic. A Simple Ward
provides the wearer protection at level one. A few common
wards are listed here, although players and Storytellers are
encouraged to work together to create more.

Heart (ab): This ward protects against all attacks aimed
at the heart. Because the Egyptians believed that the heart
was the seat of consciousness, the ward guards against physi-
cal damage to the physical heart as well as magic targeting
the mind, from illusions to all forms of mental control and
psychological influence.

Name (ren): This ward protects against Nomenclature
Hekau that affects the user through her true name. A name
ward is always attuned to a single user.

Eye of Horus (udjat): This ward protects against all
magic that affects the user's health. This includes poisons
and spells that harm the body as a whole.

‘WARDING SIGN
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Amulets
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: None

Not every symbol must be inscribed physically in order
to provide protection. Nevertheless, those signs created with
simple gestures are useful for brief, relatively simple effects.
The most basic ward is one against bad luck. If this spell is
successful, the first botch that the mummy's player rolls
during the remainder of the scene affects him no more
severely than a normal failure. The character may have only
one Warding Sign in effect at a time.

WOOD WARD
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 10

Whatever its form, this amulet makes the wearer resis-
tant to any object made of wood. Most objects bounce off the
user's skin, although fragile implements may shatter. For
tules purposes, the amulet adds the artisan's rating in Amu-
lets Hekau to the user's natural Stamina when resisting any
damage from wooden objects. It adds the same bonus to the
user's natural Strength when directly applied to damaging
wooden objects by smashing them with her hands or body.
Furthermore, a user who is normally unable to soak lethal
damage may do so at difficulty 7 should it be caused by a
wooden source.

Naturally, afew disadvantages occur whenamummy wears
such an amulet. Most notably, even casual contact can damage
a wooden object. Wooden chairs, fences, chopsticks, baseball

MUMMY. THE RESURRECTION


Se

bats and the like that the user touches may crack or wiggle
from her grasp. Additionally, nature spirits gener-
ally take offense at an individual wearing a

Wood Ward.

LEVEL TWO
AMULETS

AMULET OF CLOUD
WALKING

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Amulets
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: 12

This amulet lifts the wearer
into the air to the level of the
clouds in the sky (although there
needn't be any actual cloud cover
for it to function). She may then
actually travel by walking through
the air. Cloud layers vary greatly
based on factors including geogra-
phy and season. As a general rule,
assume that the altitude is around
10,000 feet above sea level —
roughly the safe limit at which the
air is still rich enough to breathe.
The time it takes to traverse the
clouds varies from a few minutes to
many days. It may also be partially
dependent upon how long the trav-
eler believes it will take. Roll Wits
+ Survival. Rolling a greater num-
ber of successes shortens the time
that it takes to walk across the sky.
With one success, the trip takes
about the same time it would re-
quire at ground level, whereas with
five successes the mummy might
reach her destination in a matter
of minutes. Upon reaching the de-
sired location, the wearer gently
descends to the ground and the
amulet deactivates.

Once activated, this amulet
works for anyone, but activating the
amulet requires an artisan who un-
derstands Amulets Hekau to hold the

amulet between her hands. The artisan's
player then rolls Manipulation + Amulets

(difficulty 5) to activate the amu-
let, even if another character is

currently wearing it. Only one success is required. The
same process will deactivate the amulet while in
use — although anyone foolish enough to
deactivate or remove her own amulet
while walking in the sky will fall.

LESSER TALISMAN
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 8

Each Lesser Talisman gives
the wearer a one-point bonus to a
specific Attribute as long as he
wears it. This boost is not cumula-
tive with any Hekau affecting the
same Attribute; only the strongest
magic enhancement applies. The
artisan must learn each talisman
ritual fora different Attribute sepa-
rately, Be sure to record the
different rituals on your character
sheet.

LESSER WARD
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 10

Each Lesser Ward provides the
wearer protection at level two, but
it functions identically toa Simple
Ward in all other respects.

PRAYER OF THE AKEN
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Amulets
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: None

Aken are the Egyptian boat-
men who assist Anubis in directing
the dead to their proper places in the
underworld. If the mummy utters
this prayer while in Duat, it sum-
mons to her one of the Aken who
survived the Dja-akh. While its ac-
tions are limited to its role as. a warden
of the dead, the Aken protects those in

its care from harm and transports them to
anappropriate destination in the underworld.

The speed with which the Aken

1 arrives is di dant upon the

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS pa POWER:


Storyteller's needs and the number of successes gained during
the Hekau roll.

Casting this spell requires that the artisan already have
a written copy of the prayer available, although it does not
have to be her creation. The mummy may read it across the
Shroud from one of the inscriptions found within numerous
tombs or even from a small card in her corpse's possession.

SCARAB OF LIFE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Thanatology + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 10

The scarab was certainly the most common amulet in
ancient Egyptian society, as evinced by the number of them
found Egyptian tombs. It was identified with the god Khepera
and his strong connections with the sun and the power of
rebirth. When a living person wears it, a Scarab of Life
provides a level-two ward rating against anything that would
reduce her Physical Attributes. Placed upon a mummy's khat
(corpse), the amulet allows a mummy to return to life and
repair damage to her body with greater ease. The Scarab of
Life reduces by three the difficulty of the resurrection roll
(see The Resurrection, p. 138).

LEVEL THREE AMULETS

METAL WARD

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Crafts + Amulets
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: 18

This ritual creates an amulet similar to the Wood Ward.
Such is the amulet's protective power that metal objects
become pliable, softening or crumbling to flakes along the
edge nearest the wearer. For rules purposes, the amulet adds
the artisan's rating in Amulets Hekau to the user's natural
Stamina when resisting any damage from metal objects. The
wearer may also soak lethal damage (difficulty 8) inflicted by
a metal object, even if she cannot normally do so.

The user's natural Strength likewise increases by the
artisan's Amulets score when the user is directly trying to
deflect, harm or otherwise deal with metal objects with her
hands or body. Therefore, the amulet-wearer could apply
double Strength if she shoved with her body against a steel
door, but not if she chopped at the door with a fire axe.

A few disadvantages naturally occur when wearing such
protection. Most notably, even casual contact can damage a
metal object. Door knobs, car doors, utensils, pistols and the
like that the user touches may bend or wiggle from her grasp.

Small pieces of metal — zippers, loose change — separated
from the user's body by clothing vibrate almost impercepti-
bly, making fora mildly uncomfortable but bearable sensation.
Additionally, nature spirits generally take offense at an
individual wearing a Metal Ward.

MAJOR WARD
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 18
Each Major Ward is identical to its Simple Ward coun-
terparts, except that it has a level-three ward rating.

SIGN OF LUCK.
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Divination + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: None

This spell empowers one of many tiny superstitious
rituals to improve one's fortunes. The number of successes
achieved indicates the number of rolls in the current scene
er may attempt at one lower difficulty.
Fortune isa fickle mistress. Overusing this sign may backlash
on the mummy sooner or later. The character may have only
one Sign of Luck in effect at a time.

VEIL OF AMAUNET

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Perception + Amulets
Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: 20

The goddess Amaunet, the counterpart to Amon, was
the goddess of invisibility. This amulet calls upon her favor
to render the wearer undetectable to all of the senses that
animals possess (i.e., sight, touch, sound, taste or smell),
Even a being that can take the form of an animal is subject
to the amulet's magic while it is in its beast form. A super-
natural creature of this sort is naturally more intelligent than
most animals, so even if it cannot see the person wearing the
amulet, it may still get a Perception + Awareness roll
(difficulty 8) to notice a dim haze. This roll does not bestow
any understanding of what the paranormal being sees, how-
ever. If an animal has some mystical ability that pierces
invisibility, it operates as appropriate.

The wearer must concentrate for one turn and succeed
on a Manipulation + Amulets roll to activate the amulet.
When he does so, the effects last for the remainder of the
scene. In fact, anyone with a rating in Amulets Hekau who
touches the amulet may activate or deactivate the amulet
with the same roll.

the artisan's pla

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

ees


‘WRAPPINGS OF IMHOTEP
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Medicine + Amulets
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 1

Most amulets protect against some sort of harm. Named
after the famed mystic and physician Imhotep, these
ensorcelled bandages may be used after the damage occurs.
The artisan inscribes a few mystical symbols to a covering or
wrapping when he casts the spell. Clean, dry cloth or sterile
dressings work best, but even a paper restaurant napkin will
suffice in an emergency. The artisan empowers the bandage
to heal damage from a wound to which it is applied. Each
success on the roll heals two bashing levels or one lethal
level. As long as it remains on the wound, the bandage treats
the injury as if it were one level less severe for the purposes
of healing (see Damage and Healing, p. 136). If multiple
wounds exist, a separate wrapping may be used for each.
Applying more than one bandage to the same wound does
not increase the healing rate any further, however. Al-
though it cannot repair aggravated damage, a wrapping's
improved healing rate does apply to an aggravated wound. A
bandage loses its enchantment immediately upon being
changed or with any attempt to reuse it.

LEVEL FOUR AMULETS

EBON BINDING
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Thanatology + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 15

Although most mummies wear amulets for protection,
a few amulets are designed to harm the body or soul. This
particular ritual lets the artisan enchant a length of bandage
with spells that entrap a victim. Placed around a body in
which the soul still resides, the bandages trap the spirit
within the khat. Wrapped around a body whose soul has
departed, the bindings block the spirit from rejoining its
flesh. As longas the coils of this bandage remain in place, the
soul cannot pass through them to escape or reenter its
physical form.

EYE OF SEKHMET
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 2

The goddess Sekhmet served as the instrument by
which Ra's enemies were destroyed, and she was considered
the eye of his vengeance. By tracing the symbol of the eye of
justice over her own eye while casting the spell, the artisan

afflicts a targeted victim with the judgment of Sekhmet. The
victim suffers +2 difficulty to all actions and finds it harder
to heal. A mortal heals as if his injuries were two categories
more severe, while a supernatural must spend twice the
normal amount time and effort to restore each health level.
The successes on the Occult + Amulets roll indicate how
long this effect lasts, as indicated in the following chart. This
penalty persists even if the artisan who cast the spell is killed.

Successes Duration
1 one scene
2 one day
3 one week
4 one month
5 six months
GEB'S BLESSING
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Survival + Amulets
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 50

Geb is said to have created the world, and he was the
father of Osiris. This amulet channels energies to protect the
wearer from those natural forces that the earth generates.
Rain, sleet and hail fall without touching the wearer. Natu-
ral extremes from desert heat to arctic cold have no effect.
Only extreme damage — anything considered aggravated,
like that from a lightning bolt or molten lava — may harm
the wearer. The artisan's Amulets Hekau rating applies as a
dice pool to soak this damage. This benefit may also be
applied against natural weather effects that are instigated
artificially, such as those induced by Celestial Hekau. It does
not protect against purely artificial forces that replicate
natural effects.

The secondary effects of natural weather may still cause the
user some difficulty, although to nowhere near the same degree
as an unfortunate who lacks Geb's Blessing. An avalanche or
mudslide may still inundate the wearer, but she may draw upon
the amulet's strength to get free. The artisan's Amulets score
applies as additional dice to the character's efforts to extract
herself from hazardous conditions, such as swimming against a
raging river current, avoiding falling debris and so on. Note that
the amulet does not protect the user against her own actions.
She might still drown if she tires before reaching shore. She
mightnotfeel the heat in the desert, but she can still die of thirst.
She could dig more easily out of a rockslide, but she might
suffocate if she can't get free first.

GREATER VEIL OF AMAUNET
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Perception + Amulets
Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: 50

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER

Peivieieiers isis

W

bioane

Nia ig


ee

As its name implies, this amulet is a more powerful
version of the level-three talisman. The Greater Veil renders
the wearer undetectable to the senses of any living being —
sight, touch, sound, taste or smell. Note that for game
purposes, "living" includes even those supernatural beings
gifted with a mockery of life essence such as vampires are.
The walking dead are not subject to this amulet's effects, nor
are non-corporeal entities such as ghosts and nature spirits.
Mystical abilities that pierce invisibility operate as appropri
ate. The Greater Veil otherwise functions exactly as its
level-three counterpart does.

GREATER TALISMAN
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 30

Each Greater Talisman gives the wearer a two-point bonus
toa specific Attribute as long as the user wears the talisman. It
is otherwise identical in function to a Lesser Talisman.
GREATER WARD
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 40

Each Greater Ward has a ward rating of four. It is
otherwise identical in function to a Simple Ward.

LEVEL FIVE AMULETS

BUCKLE OF ISIS
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Amulets
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 80
The artisan forms this amulet in the shape of a sandal-
strap, according to the origin of the ankh. The buckle
endows the protection of the goddess Isis and guards against

all hostile magic with a ward rating of five. This protection
covers all forms of magic, from the Hekau of mummies
themselves to the "true magic" mortal wizards use and even
to the "blood magic" of vampires. The Buckle of Isis is
physically fragile and easily damaged, just as all amulets are.
PRINCELY TALISMAN
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Amulets
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 75

Each Princely Talisman functions identically toa Lesser
Talisman except that it grants three points to a specific

Attribute while the user is wearing it. Remember that a
Hekau endowment is based off of the mortal maximum,
which can reach no higher than five dots.

PRINCELY WARD
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Amulets
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 80
Each Princely Ward is identical to its Simple Ward
counterparts, except that it has a ward rating of five.

SCARAB OF DEATH
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Amulets
Difficulty:
Sekhem: 50

Although the user wears this amulet physically, this
scarab protects the soul during its sojourns into the spirit
world. The Scarab of Death channels all damage that the
mummy's spirit suffers in the underworld to the khat (body).
This protection may extend the time spent in the dead state,
bur it helps ensure the Amenti's ultimate survival by keeping

her soul intact. Although the mummy's spirit gains no
protection from its other amulets, those talismans
fend the khat from damage that the scarab transfer
as they have the appropriate defensive capabilities. No
further damage may be passed from the soul once the corpse
is reduced to Dust (see p. 136). After that, any attacks on the
soul in Duat have their normal effect.

WARD OF PERMANENCE,
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Crafts + Amulets
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: 100 + relevant ritual

This potent ward is inscribed upon an amulet to bond
any existing effect to the object permanently. The Ward of
Permanence is applied (typically to the amulet's reverse
side) when the artisan creates or re-infuses another Amulets
ritual. Since the Ward of Permanence is itself ritual, add its
time and expenditures to those required for the other ritual
—which includes spending the days, Sckhem and successes
as appropriate for the other ritual. Afterward, the artisan no
longer needs to maintain the amulet's other power periodi-
cally. Barring the amulet's destruction, its mystical
endowment will remain in effect for eternity.

To aid in its longevity, the Ward of Permanence also
bestows a soak equal to the path rating of the amulet's
primary ritual. Therefore, a permanent Metal Ward has a
soak total of three while a permanent Geb's Blessing has a
soak of four. This soak applies to any damage directed at the

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


Gi oa:

amulet itself, regardless of its origin. The wearer gains no
benefit from her amulet's soak.

Since few artisans ever achieved the mastery of this
Hekau sufficient to create permanent amulets, very few
talismans from ancient Egypt retained their mystical proper-
ties unto the modern age.

WRAPPINGS OF OSIRIS
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Medicine + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 2

Osiris is peerless in his influence over life and death.
This greater mastery is reflected in this more potent version
of Wrappings of Imhotep. When applied to a wound, the
wrapping heals one health level of damage for each success
rolled, including aggravated wounds. In fact, the Wrappings
of Osiris heals any aggravated levels of damage first. If the
user leaves the wrappings on the wound, the bandage treats
the injury as if it were three levels less severe for the purposes
of healing (see Damage and Healing, p. 136).

CELESTIAL

The sun and moon, stars and planets — indeed, all heav-
enly bodies and their movements hold great significance in
Egyptian magic. Astrologers and celestines learned long ago to
read the constellations for auspicioussigns, toshape the weather
and to call down the provenance of the gods.

Just as the sky encircles the globe, so too does Celestial
Hekau encompass vast areas. A skilled mummy can shape
storms, raise plagues and cast horoscopes that affect individuals,
entire family lines or even whole nations. Even the lowest level
paths of Celestial Hekau have tremendous power. Celestial
magic just might have a broader scope than any other form of
magic. A talented celestine can draw upon the powers of the
heavens to summon and shape the environment to suit her
needs. She can query the gods themselves to glean the trends of
the future. Such powers rarely come easily. Most Celestial
Hekau require elaborate rituals and take a great deal of time to
materialize, as the mummy pulls tremendous forces into align-
ment. In game terms, Celestial magic requires one hour per level
of the ritual being performed.

The celestine has no need for a laboratory or arcane
devices to craft her magic. Although a quiet place and
reference material may help, all thata mummy needs in order
to complete a ritual in the end is her mystical understanding
of the heavens themselves. The Celestial astrologer must
have a firm grasp of the constellations, the secret names and
meanings of the planets, the places of the gods and the
titanic forces with which she wrestles. Calling to the heav-
ens requires that the mummy appeal to far greater entities
than herself, entities who themselves respond only to the

proper supplications. A celestine could not hope to move
sun and earth herself. Rather, she requests the intercession
of the gods, who then respond according to her requests. Not
all mummies believe in these gods or their intercessions, but
all who practice Celestial magic do so with these prayers.
Even so, the gods remain hidden, enormous entities behind
the machine of the stars.

ROLEPLAYING WEATHER

The ability to control the weather allows for dramatic
possibilities and the potential for abuse. Some players might
argue that the skill to gather a hurricane puts Celestial
Hekau high above other paths. Certainly, the fact that the
mummy draws upon the forces of nature rather than chan-
neling her energies into a specific focus calls for caution on
the part of player and Storyteller alike. The player should not
be restricted from having her character create suitably awe-
some effects, nor should the Storyteller watchdog her every
Hekau attempt.

Player and Storyteller work together to create enter-
taining stories in creating balanced but exciting effects. If it
helps, consider that the mummy doesn't so much control the
weather as influence it. The player describes what she wants
her character to accomplish, from brief yet drastic effects —
thunderstorm, hail, tempestuous seas — to subtle but endur-
ing effects — soft rain, cool breezes, temperate weather. The
player then spends Sekhem and rolls appropriately. The
effects play out over a series of turns or even hours, depend-
ing on the desired effect and scale of change required. Once
the weather patterns take shape, the Storyteller takes over,
describing the results in dramatic detail. The overall results
abide by what the player described, but the Storyteller is free
to take dramatic license to best suit the story. The mummy
may call up a savage storm to hurl lightning down upon an
enclave of the vile servants of Apophis, only to unwittingly
unleash a torrential downpour that floods the nearby town.

Remember that the astrologer is not creating weather
out of nothing. The weather patterns take time to shift, and
they influence the greater region, even if in only impercep-
tible ways. While a small effect — a sudden change in room
temperature or a brief breeze — may transpire quickly
regardless of the current conditions, rousing a tempest from
aclear day can take hours at a minimum even after the ritual
itself is complete. Further, weather changes are hard to undo
once they begin. Even the effects of an aborted storm can
linger on.

Imagine the weather as a pond surface, and think of
Celestial Hekau as a rock that someone tosses in. A small
pebble skips across the waters, causing a small but noticeable
series of ripples. A larger stone plunges in, causing sharper,
more dramatic waves. The most successful workings make
waves, but botching a Hekau can send those waves crashing
over the mummy.

CHAPTER FOUR WORDS OF POWER

ue

eres ae


to her continued chanting. The water re-
mains in its affected state for as long as
the mummy concentrates on the ritual.
The water level moves, influenced
by small tides that the celestine
creates. A pond or small river
might rise or fall by a few feet,
while the bank of a sea might
change by an amount imper-
ceptible to the naked eye.

LEVEL ONE CELESTIAL

BECALM.
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Celestial
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 1

With a simple utterance, the
celestine negates adverse weather
conditions within an arm's length
of herself. Wind shears aside, rain
deflects or stops and debris misses
her. Even unnatural phenomenon
like rains of frogs or sulfur bend
around the mummy's weather
shield. At best, the mummy feels
nothing more than a fine mist from
the most powerful thunderstorm.
The effect lasts for the scene.

The change in water level
doesn't necessarily part the wa-
ters or flood areas, but it can
induce a pronounced change
to the course of a river, over-
flow a dam or ruin irrigation.
Doing so can have a staggering
impact on the surrounding
ecology, disrupting the wild-
life, flooding low terrain,
ruining entire crops and more.
As such, the Storyteller is en-
«raged to be imaginative but
reasonable as to the influence
Grip the Water has on the sur-
tounding environment.
HANGING THE STARS

ve: Ritual

» Pool: Occult + Celestial
Ditticulty: Varies
Sekhem: Special

Useful effects often have
limited duration, buta mummy

Becalm may also decrease
the intensity of weather over a
larger area. The astrologer ex-
tends her influence to five yards
per level of Celestial Hekau. In-
stead of deflecting adverse
conditions, Becalm tempersthem.
Itlessensdrivingrain intoadriz
turns stinging hail to fluffy snow-
fall, calms raging waters orchanges

le,

raging winds to steady breezes
Ambient environmental condi-
tions reassert themselves as the
celestine passes, so waves will rage
and storm-tossed winds will flare
once the mummy has gone by.
Unlike the shielding application
of this spell, only natural phe-

never knows when some bit of
magic may come in handy.
Hanging the Stars allows the
celestine to tie a Hekau ritual
to Celestial events so that it
may be called upon later. The
mummy performs the hour-
long ritual, then performs the
relevant ritual that she wishes
to delay. The player makes any
rolls and Sekhem expenditures
as appropriate, including spend-
ing one Sekhem for Hanging the
Stars. If the subsequent Hekau suc-
ceeds, its effects do not occur at that
time. Instead, they remain contained
within the stars. The web of
the ether holds the energy
until the mummy calls for it.

nomena can be calmed in this
fashion. Hekau-summoned winds
and the ghost storm that still
sweeps through Neter-khertet
cannot be stilled in this fashion.

GRIP THE WATER
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Celestial
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 2

Moving her hands in concentric
circles over the surface of a body of
water, the astrologer causes it
toslowly rise or fall in response


The ritual remains in readiness for up to one day per
success on the Hanging the Stars roll, and the difficulty is
equal to the hung ritual's own difficulty (or difficulty 8 for a
ritual with a targeted difficulty, such as a Necromancy Hekau
that uses the target's Willpower). Triggering the hung ritual
requires spending another Sekhem and making an Occult +
Celestial roll (difficulty 7). Success activates the stored
Hekau that turn as if it was a standard one-turn spell effect.
Failure disperses the ritual's energy ineffectively, while a
botch may cause the Hekau's energy to backlash upon the
unfortunate mummy.

The mummy may delay any ritual that she's already
learned, although she may do so for only one ritual ata time.
Further, Hanging the Stars must be performed in full view of
the sky (although it may be accomplished any time during
the day or night).

HIDING THE STARS

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Divination + Celestial
Difficulty: 6

Sekhem: None

Despite the name, this spell does not actually alter the
heavens. Rather, it veils the mummy from celestial forces. By
muddying the etheric waters, so to speak, the astrologer
defends herself against malign divinations. Her ties to the
heavens become clouded, disrupting any attempts to locate
her through any means of scrying. Alternatively, the mummy
can cast this spell over someone else, who must be present for
the whole ritual.

Successes that the mummy's player scores on this ritual
subtract from divining or locating effects that are targeted
against the ritual's recipient. One success erodes from the ritual
each time someone performs a divination against the subject,
until the last cobwebs of obscurity blow away. The celestine
cannot cast this ritual multiple times to hide completely. Only
the results of the most recent casting take hold.

SIMPLE WEATHER MAGIC
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Celestial
Difficulty: Varies
Sekhem: Varies

Over time, a mummy can alter the course of the weather
itself. At first, the astrologer has only slight control. He can
affect mild winds, create fog in a limited area and adjust
existing conditions slightly. With experience, the celestine
learns to invoke or suppress entire storms, generate massive
weather fronts, call up tornadoes and perform other awe-
some feats of meteorological manipulation.

The celestine can use Simple Weather Magic to conjure
some small, sudden disturbance — a cool breeze, a room-

temperature drop, a flare of aurora borealis — ora slight change
to the local environment — humidifying a hothouse garden,
thickening cloud cover slightly, generating obscuring fog. Nei-
ther option inflicts any damage, but either one can easily make
the area more comfortable or greatly unpleasant.

All Weather Magic effects refer to the accompanying
chart to determine the difficulty and Sekhem costs for
desired effects. To save time for the enterprising celestine, a
few of the more common Simple Weather Magic choices are
described briefly here. The difficulty and Sekhem costs for
each choice assumes that the character is starting from an
average summer day in a temperate clime over a small ered
(mid-80 degrees Fahrenheit, mild humidity, negligible cl
cover over a village).

Fog (difficulty 9, Sekhem 2): A low bank of obscuring mist
impairs vision and muffles sound. This effect imposes a +1 difficulty
penalty toall sight- and hearing-based Perception rolls, and it limits
sighting distance to 100 yards (the Storyteller may reduce this
further ifthe playerrolls significant number of successes). Effective
ranges for ranged attacks are limited appropriately.

Light breeze (difficulty 4, Sekhem 1): A gentle wind
picks up from the prevailing wind direction. The breeze clears
away powerful scents, increases visibility in fog and imposesa +1
difficulty penalty to scent-based Perception rolls.

Minor temperature change (difficulty 5, Sekhem 1): A
slight shift in the ambient environment captures more heat or
allows it to escape, raising or lowering the local temperature by
up to 10° Fahrenheit for the remainder of the day.

‘WEATHER SIGHT

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Divination + Celestial
Difficulty: 6

Sekhem: None

This spell enables the astrologer to attune herself to the
flow of weather. At its most basic, this spell lets the mummy
know with a great deal of accuracy what weather conditions
will be like for a number of days equal to the successes the
caster's player rolled.

More notably, the mummy can draw from the surround-
ing wind currents detailed information about the terrain
over which it has flowed. The breeze whispers its secrets to
the celestine, painting a comprehensive picture of the sur-
roundings upwind from her. The degree of detail that the
caster receives depends on the number of successes that the
player rolls. One success reveals basic topography and evi-
dence of a small number of individuals approaching. Three
successes convey the distance and number of targets and a
more detailed lay of the intervening land. Five successes
provide specific genders and details of what equipment those
who approach are carrying. The astrologer cannot sense
downwind, but by applying other Celestial magic such as

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER

SRE ae


Weather Magic, she might turn the wind enough to sweep it Through the auspices of heaven all things are revealed. The
toward her from whatever direction she desires. Used in this Book of Thoth (the god of wisdom) holds knowledge eternal. Lesser
way, the effect covers a small area (see the Weather Magic b afewofth held therein, butsuch
chart) and lasts for the scene. wisdom often provides great illumination.

While a mummy can use other Celestial divinations to
LEVEL TWO CELESTIAL :

read the future, the Book of Thoth allows an astrologer to

BOOK OF THOTH glimpse secrets held by a person or situation right now.
Type: Spell Typically, the mummy simply closes her eyes (or passes a
SE ice . hand in front of them) while she mutters a mystical phrase
Dice Pool: Divination + Celestial to open herself to the wisdom of Thoth. Thereafter, the
Difficulty: 7 mummy gains a preternatural awareness of her surroundings.
Sekhem: 1 She may pick out hidden figures, concealed portals and even

Sr WEATHER MAGIC gira
This table summarizes the effects that are possible with different levels of Weather Magic. The time required for the
weather to alter appropriately for the change desiréd is one hour per paith level: Add the difficuley ratings foreach change
| at the appropriate level of magic: Therefore; using Lesser Weather Magic to make a minor température change to'a small

ope town for the day is difficulty 5.
oe The maximum difficulty possible is 10 (remember that rolling a 10 is alw:

| raise a cumulative difficulty above 9, instead add one to the number of s
of that magnitude is impossible with the indicated level of Weather Mi

The Sekhem cost is one point for effects of difficulty 5 and less, two points for effects of difficulty 6 through 9, and
NE three points for difficulty 10.
<= CONDITIONS HEKAU PATH LEVEL CONDITIONS HEKAU PATH LEVEL
| «Weather Effect Simple Lesser. Minor Major Greater Weather Effect Simple Lesser Minor Major Greater
| #° Humidity change: Storm-force wind— _ a 2 2
Slight 2 2 2 1 I Hurricane-force wind — pa a aad 2
¢ Small = 2 2 2! 1 Wind direction change:
Moderate _ _ 2 2 2 10 degrees 1 1 1 1 {
Significant _ ee pat 2! 2 20 degrees 1 1 1 1
Outrageous —_ _ a a 2 45 degrees — si 1 1 1
Cloud cover increase or decrease: 90 degrees pid ail pit 2: 2
Slight 2 2 1 I 0 10 degieas norma rc cae Pea nat
Small 2 2 2 i 1 "AeA
Moderate — 2 2 2 if Small town 1 1 0 0 0
Significant _ _ 2 2 2 Small city i 1 1 0 0
~ Outrageous _ a pais 5 y) Large city 5 7. 1 1 0
*Temperature change! Size of Rhode Island" 4 3 1 1
+/-10°F 1 1 1 1 1 Ste of California «cist att. 2 1
+/- 20°F i 2 2 2 { Size of North America— ie sai 4 5
"+h 30°F Bias ea 2 2 One heinisphare Se So aso eg A a
| w +h 40°F Sc as a 2 2 Global = — => — 5 o
& +/-50°F — — a ate 2 Duration:
Wind speed change: Haar 1 1 1 1 1 '
Gentle breeze. 1 1 1 1 1 Day 3 3 3 2 2 mal
Stiff breeze = 1 1 1 1 Week 5 5 5 4 4


supernaturally invisible entities. The mummy exhib-
its a superb awareness of things happening
around her. Indeed, this awareness is not
simply a heightening of senses, but a

revelation of secrets and subtexts.

For the remainder of the scene,
the mummy notices concealed or

hidden elements in her vicinity au-
tomatically. The secret knowledge
lets her determine hidden patterns
with accuracy (although she may
not know what they signify), and
she cannot be surprised by any
natural stealth. To detect an ob-
ject ‘that is concealed
supernaturally, the mummy's
player rolls Perception + Alert-
ness (difficulty 5 + level of the
subject's power) in a resisted roll
against the subject's Manipulation

+ Subterfuge (difficulty 7).

LESSER WEATHER MAGIC
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Celestial
Difficulty: Varies

Sekhem: Varies

As the celestine's attunement
to the heavens increases, so too
does her ability to manipulate the
forces of nature. With Lesser
Weather Magic, the mummy can
build upon her previous efforts to
create effects that are larger in
scale and more pronounced.

As with Simple Weather
Magic, the accompanying chart
lists the various difficulty and
Sekhem costs for desired effects. A
few sample options are described
briefly here. The difficulty and
Sekhem costs foreach assumes that
the base conditions include an av-
erage summer day in a temperate
clime over a small area (mid-80°

Fahrenheit, mild humidity and par-

tial clouds over a village).

Dust or sandstorm (difficulty 7,
Sekhem 2): Strong winds stir up the

loose topsoil or sand in the area to simulate

the effects of fog.

Light rain (difficulty 6, Sekhem 2): Although
not a full-out storm, the precipitation is still
sufficient to reduce visibility as with fog. In
addition, driving becomes more chal-
lenging on the slick roads, applying a
+1 difficulty penalty to all Drive rolls.

READ THE STARS

Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Divination + Celestial
Difficulty: Special
Sekhem: None

The stars hold many secrets,
among which is the key to weak-
nesses inan opponent or auspicious
times for magic. Careful astrologi-
cal readings allow a mummy to
unveil the heavens' secrets and use
them to advantage in casting other
Hekau. The astrologer discovers
the motions behind the gods, and
she tailors her Hekau to take ad-
vantage of prevailing forces.

Once the character casts this
ritual, his player makes a Divina-
tion roll (with no corresponding
Attribute) against the difficulty of
a subsequent Hekau effect. Suc-
cesses add to the dice pool for the
final spell or ritual. Say an astrolo-
ger wants to cast Read the Stars
followed by Hiding the Stars, a
spell with difficulty 6. Her player
rolls Divination (difficulty 6) and
gets two successes. The player then
adds two dice to her dice pool for
the Hiding the Stars casting.

Botching a Read the Stars at-
tempt causes the mummy to
interpret the omens incorrectly,
which subtracts one die from the
subsequent effect.

Lhe Storyteller may also decide
that this Hekau reveals specific timesor

placesofimport. A celestine whomoves
toaspecified place or waits for the appro-

priate time may gamer an additional die
onthecastingofasubsequent Hekau. When
amummy casts Read the Stars, the Storyteller
might decide that the specific subsequent casting

of Death's Shroud will function most

1 -aciously if the mummy performs


it at sunset following a funeral at a cemetery across town. The
mummy's player may gain an additional die for the spell if the
character meets these conditions.

SAHU-RA

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Appearance + Celestial
Difficulty: 6

Sekhem: 1

Asimple but impressive incantation, the sahu-Ra takes
but a moment to invoke. With this spell, the mummy takes
on the mantle of Ra, shining with the sun god's munificence.

Each success scored on this simple Hekau causes the
celestine to glow with sunlit radiance for one turn. The light
extends only a few feet from the mummy, but it has the
qualities of soft, natural sunlight. It illuminates dark places,
highlights the mummy, injures vampires and so on.

In game terms, a vampire suffers one level of aggravated
damage each turn he's caught in the radiance. If you use
Vampire: The Masquerade, treat the vampire as if it has been
caught in indirect shrouded sunlight (Vampire, p. 232).
‘WEATHER WHISPERS
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Divination + Celestial
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: None

This Hekau is similar to Weather Sight, except that the
astrologer gleans sounds carried along ¢ the wind. By manipulat-

down. ing
designated site to rubble:

The meteorites that one calls with this Hekau can hit an
area up to the size of a small town. Although they are small
(golf-ball sized), the meteorites strike with tremendous speed,
shattering fragile objects, punching through car roofs or
wooden roofing and killing unfortunates caught in the open
or lacking sufficient protection from heaven's wrath. Red-
hot from their descent through the atmosphere, the meteorites
ignite virtually any flammable substance that they hit. Due
to the combination of the barrage and the subsequent fires,
anyone in the area suffers one aggravated health level of
damage per turn. The actual fusillade lasts a number of
minutes equal to the mummy's Balance rating.

DIVINE FORMS
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Meditation + Celestial
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 1

Aconnection to celestial forces implies a connection to
the deities behind them. Not only can an astrologer manipu-
late the heavens, she can plead with the gods for inspiration.
The mummy calls to the gods to move within her spirit and
rouse the divine to prominence.

atid blasting a

The celestine composes a short prayer to one divinity of
the Egyptian pantheon — although whether the god actu-
ally answers such a prayer remains a topic of some debate.
Regardless of its source, the magic has a swift function: The

H di

ingthet lly, th f

ic that improves an

, the mummy d thw
upwind. Successes on the roll indicate the mummy's success in
separating the jumble of different voices into separate distinct
conversations. Only the mummy hears these sounds. Those
standing next to bee hear only a strange susurration. Weather
p carri $ upwind, although the celestine
may use other magic tochange the very course of the wind tosuit
her. More simply, she may adjust her position until she is
downwind of the sounds she wishes to hear. The effect covers a
small area (see the Weather Magic chart) and lasts for the scene.

LEVEL THREE CELESTIAL

CALL THE STARS
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Celestial
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 2

A powerful astrologer can call upon Celestial forces to
draw out the stars — or at least heavenly bodies under the
mummy's direction. The mummy utters invocations to Nuit,
praying for the intervention of the sky upon the earth. At the
conclusion of the ritual, the heavens respond. Meteors rain

mummy
Attribute appropriate to the deity upon which she called.
Therefore, supplicating Geb (god of earth) might raise the
mummy's Stamina, while summoning the form of Ptah the
Creator might improve Intelligence or Perception. (See p.
12 for a list of key Egyptian deities.)

The number of successes the player rolls determines the
amount by which the Attribute increases. The character
receives one additional Attribute point on three or fewer
successes. He gets two additional Attribute points toa single
Trait on four or more successes. The effect lasts for the
remainder of the scene. Divine Forms is not cumulative. The
celestine may improve only one Attribute ata time, and only
the strongest enhancing Hekau applies if he is using more
than one at a time.

MAJOR WEATHER MAGIC
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Celestial

At this level of talent, the celestine may exert drastic
changes over local conditions. She may adjust the temperature

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

TRIE DERE PO bs Os Ra ead BaP PE


significantly, conjure strong winds, summon driving precipita-
tion or affect cloud cover to alter ambient light dramatically.

As with previous Weather Magic rituals, the chart on p.
100 lists difficulty and Sekhem costs for desired effects. The
following options assume the same basic weather conditions
as well. Having existing conditions closer to the desired
variables lowers the difficulty.

Desert wind (difficulty 5, Sekhem 1): A dry, searing
wind rises to around 30 miles per hour, and its gusts reach
twice that. Ranged Firearms attacks face a +1 difficulty
penalty, and thrown weapons or Archery attacks face a +2
difficulty penalty. During fierce gusts, Dexterity rolls may be
required (difficulty 6) for characters to keep from being
knocked over by the force of the wind. When driving winds
are in effect, they kick up debris that reduces visibility. Small
objects get hurled with abandon, and other suitably dramatic
effects are likely to occur.

Driving rain (difficulty 5, Sekhem 1): As with a light
rain under Lesser Weather Magic, although Perception and
Drive rolls suffer a +2 difficulty penalty.

LEVEL FOUR CELESTIAL

GREATER WEATHER MAGIC
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Celestial
Difficulty: Special

Sekhem: Special

With this level of mastery, the celestine can command
drastic weather changes including thunderstorms, sudden
cold snaps or hot spells. He may even extend existing
weather conditions — longer rain showers, colder weather,
stronger winds — beyond their normal duration. Perhaps
most dramatically, the astrologer can call lightning down
from the very heavens.

As with previous Weather Magic rituals, p. 100 has the
chart listing effect variables. A few sample options are
described here. The variables for these samples assume that
the caster is working on an average fall day over a notable
area (high-60° Fahrenheit and partial clouds over a city).
Again, having existing conditions closer to the desired
variables lowers the difficulty.

Lightning strikes (difficulty 8, Sekhem 2): Tremen-
dous electrical charges surge amid the clouds, and the celestine
can call them down on a target with an Occult + Celestial
roll. The difficulty of the first strike is 7, and each subsequent
bolt takes on a (cumulative) +1 difficulty penalty. This
penalty reflects the fact that it becomes progressively harder
to control the discharges. A lightning bolt is not a precision
instrument. It inflicts 10 dice of lethal damage to whatever
it strikes, and anything within one yard suffers five dice of
lethal damage.

Snowstorm (difficulty 8, Sekhem 2): A freak snow-
storm in autumn has effects similar to both desert wind and
driving rain (which are described in the level-three Hekau).
Furthermore, anyone exposed to the elements for the storm's
duration suffers one level of bashing damage per hour.

Thunderstorm (difficulty 6, Sekhem 2): As a snow-
storm, although without the danger of frostbite and other
exposure effects. Flooding may occur depending on recent
weather patterns in the area, however.

RA'S AWAKENING

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Cosmology + Celestial
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: 2

Each morning, Ra passes across the sky and brings light
to the world once more. With experience, the astrologer can
learn to reflect Ra's Awakening in a simple gesture.

The spell affects up to five people within the mummy's
line of sight. The celestine waves one hand in a rising arc,
and each subject feels warmth overcome him as if he is
greeting the rising sun. In a living creature (including a
living mummy), this spell banishes fatigue as if the subject
had undergone a full night's sleep. Ra's energy suffuses the
target with alertness and readiness for anew day. The subject
finds his concentration improved and his energy renewed.
The difficulties of all mental tasks (including magic) de-
crease by one for the next hour, and even a wounded subject
feels a surge of life that halves all wound penalties (rounded
down) for the next hour.

In addition to its refreshing benefits, Ra's Awakening
seems to shine with the sun god's munificence, illuminating
each subject's very soul. A target of the spell {eels as if he is
being watched and judged for his actions. A caring, generous
and honest person (or one who believes himself to be) feels
a positive acknowledgement of his strength. One who feels
that he is somehow lacking or is weighed down by guilt is
wracked with remorse. In game terms, a mummy's player may
roll Balance. Every two successes (round down) restore a
point of Sekhem. A mortal character's player may roll
Willpower, with every two successes (round down) restoring
one Willpower point. On a botch, some past guilt arises so
strongly in the subject that she loses a point of Sekhem or
Willpower, as appropriate.

Despite its potent life-bringing properties, Ra's Awak-
ening was developed initially as a weapon against the
Followers of Set. Against vampires, the spell induces leth-
argy and slumber. Any vampire affected by the spell feels a
sudden uncomfortable heat and an overpowering need to
sleep, as if dawn had arrived. Most often, this effect results in
the vampire collapsing into sleep within a turn and sleeping
for a full hour. Only an attack or being set on fire will rouse

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER

ekebekel eelebebekrk


the vampire from its induced slumber — although it's often
too late for the undead at that point. (If you use Vampire:
The Masquerade, use the normal rules for awakening on p.
204.) The vampire may spend a Willpower point to remain
awake for the turn. Even a few seconds are usually enough for
all but the most foolish vampire to make its escape. As long
as it escapes the immediate vicinity, the effects of Ra's
Awakening dissipate. (Although the undead will likely
retreat rather than face the spell's debilitating effects again.)

READ THE TREE OF LIFE
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Divination + Celestial
Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: |

Written among the heavens' secrets are the lives of all
mortals. Recorded on the Tree of Life by Seshat (the wife of
Thoth), a skilled astrologer can discern these symbols. The
mummy can unfurl the leaf of heaven that holds one life and
decipher thereupon the future of the individual. Even the
undead are not immune. Any being with a beginning and
ending has a recorded fate.

Once a mummy reads the fate ofa being, she can predict
the general course of the being's future with some accuracy.
Such predictions are rather vague, of course. The writing of
Seshat is complex and cryptic, and the figures become more
blurred and distant the further one reads along the leaf of a
life. Still, such divination affords many opportunities. The
mummy can divine success or failure in some upcoming
endeavor. By reading backward, the mummy can dig deeply
into the subject's history. A forewarned subject may even
meet his fate with greater clarity and purpose. In effect, he
gains a free re-roll when the prophesied event comes to pass.
The Storyteller decides the clarity and comprehensibility of
the secrets that this ritual reveals. Still, bear in mind that this
is the most powerful and direct of divinatory magic available
through Celestial Hekau.

The time span into which the mummy can peer depends
upon the successes scored:

Successes Time Span

1 one day

2 one week

3 one month

4 one year

5 a lifetime
SANDSTORM

Type: Spell or Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Celestial

Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: 3 + 1 per additional damage level

Sand holds a firm place in Egyptian imagery. The
monuments of Egypt stand amid the sand as a bulwark
against time, even as the rising and falling Nile shows that
the sand can consume and defeat anything that pays too
little heed to the natural cycle. An astrologer harnesses that
timeless power to show that the cycle of weather can wear all
things to sand, be it stone, metal or bone. The mummy may
direct these energies in one of two ways.

The mummy can unleash a spell that creates a savage
whirlwind of blasting sand. This column rises from the
ground, swirling upward at ever-increasing speed. Such is
the celestine's power that she can even create sand from the
very motes of dust in the air if no sand is immediately
available. The whirling sand spreads into a column that is
roughly one yard in diameter for each success scored.

The celestine may instead perform a ritual to raise a
significantly more potent effect. In this case, the mummy
performs a working similar to Weather Magic or Call the
Stars, but with a more devastating effect. As the spell

concludes, shrieking winds stir the sands at the caster's
bidding, then move in a terrifying storm wall to envelop
anything in their path. The storm summoned thus towers
500 feet, extends half a mile across by 100 feet deep and
travels at up to 80 miles per hour in the direction of the
prevailing winds for as long as the mummy retains sight of it.

Anything caught within the sand blast is scoured for one
level of lethal damage each turn, plus one for each extra
point of Sekhem put into the Hekau (over the base Sekhem
cost). The sandstorm also clogs engines, scours off paint and
blinds anyone unfortunate enough to be hit (any victim
must spend two turns clearing his eyes). Unlike the spell
effect, the ritual does require the mummy to create the

sandstorm with access to a significant amount of sand or
loose dirt to achieve the full effect. Otherwise, the ritual still
works, but it does so as a vicious windstorm instead. Devas-
tating in its own right, this manifestation is the same except
that the damage is bashing, not lethal.

Either version of this Hekau lasts for as long as the
astrologer concentrates solely upon the storm. Taking dam-
age is enough to shake the mummy's concentration.

‘WISDOM OF ISIS
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Celestial
Difficulty: Opposing magic
Sekhem: 2

This Hekau is named in honor of the goddess of magic.
A Celestial astrologer can appeal to the divine to snuff the
spells of others.

The difficulty for Wisdom of Isis equals the difficulty of the
opposing spell. Successes scored remove successes from the

MUMMY: THE RESURRE(

wW


enemy's spell; if this effect removes all of the successes,
the effect fizzles. This form of counter-magic is
not restricted to weather control or divina-
tion spells, and it is effective even against
non-Hekau powers. Thaumaturgy,
Sphere magic and sorcery are all equally
susceptible. (See Vampire, Mage and

Sorcerer, respectively, for details.)

If the mummy's player scores
more successes than her adversary,
she may choose to warp the spell
effect to her desire by changing the
target that is affected. Therefore, ifa
vampire uses a corrupting spell to
make a subject vulnerable tosugges-
tion, the mummy can counter itand
send it back at the vampire or one of
his lackeys.

A favored tactic of some
celestines is to delay Wisdom of
Isis with Hanging the Stars, then
use it immediately in the event of
hostile magic.

LEVEL FIVE
CELESTIAL

DIVINE GREATNESS
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Meditation + Celestial
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 2

This spell functions as the
Hekau Divine Forms, although the
successes gift the magic-user with a
greater benefit. Thisspell grants three
additional points for a single At-
tribute on three or fewer successes or
two additional points for two sepa-
rate Attributes on four or more
successes. As with Divine Forms,
the effect lasts for the scene.
PLAGUE OF MA'‘AT
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Celestial
Difficulty: 9
Sekhem: 10

‘The great biblical plagueswere inflicted

upon Egypt, not in defense of it.
accepted the justice of those an-
cient events and opened the way

for her faithful to draw upon similar symbols of retri-
bution. Aside from serving as a devastating
weapon against those who oppose the bal-
ance, these rituals act as a reminder for
Egypt growt
of their powers and stature, lest they be
put in their place.

4
te proud

Mummies must learn each
plague must separately, and they
must engage in five hours of ritual
before casting one. A plague gen-
erally affects a

although it can be rel
entire small town with four or more
successes. It lasts for the scene
unless otherwise specified.

Water to Blood: All water
within the designated area turns
into cold, dead blood. Beverages
are ruined, and people even weep
and sweat blood. All water brought
into the area suffers the same ef-
fects until the next sunrise. The
blood has no nutritive value, so

victims probably suffer from some
dehydration as well. (Even. vam-
pires gain no sustenance from it.)

Beetles: Flesh-eating beetles
boil out of the ground and swarm
overthearea. The insects overwhelm
any flesh they encounter (aside from
one another), swarming over it and
s and the

undead are notsafe. An unfortunate

devouring it. Even corps

covered in beetles automatically suf-
fersone lethal health level ofdamage
each turnas they consume her flesh.
Luckily, the beetles can be outrun,
they are not very good climbers, and
they fear fire, so it ispossible toevade
them. Those who are unaware of the
ravenous insects' approach may be
buried in the bugs before they're
aware of the danger, though.
Locusts: Swarms of locusts
overtake the area. These insects de-
vour grain, vegetables, fruits, bread
and anything else that gets in their
way. The locusts clog engines or fans
almost as badly as a sandstorm, crawl on
people and generally cause tre-
mendous havoc. The ravenous

Ma'at has


Ib

insects target any and all foodstuffs, even ones that are
enclosed in cupboards. Such is the nature of the plague that
the locusts find entry into seemingly the most secure rooms
and devour or befoul any nourishment. Although living
beings are not subject to the locusts' appetite, many will
understandably panic under such an attack and flee the area.

Frogs: Streams of frogs rain down from the sky. Many
hit the ground with such force that the spatter to bits. Those
that survive hop about with a tendency to get into machin-
ery or people's clothing, much like the locusts. Again, most
people will panic when exposed to this plague. The frogs
excrete a mild toxin on their skin that causes rashes in any
who touch them, reducing the victims to Appearance 1 for
a full week.

Scorpions: Scorpions emerge from cracks and dark
corners to spread across the area. Typically they can be
avoided but a foolish or unlucky individual may be stung.
The scorpion's poison causes one lethal level of damage per
turn for three turns. Multiple stings can incapacitate or kill.

Sores:

Ince the ritual goes into effect, people in the
area suffer itches and slowly spreading red spots on their skin,
or the buildup of pustules. After a few hours, these blemishes
open or burst into wet, oozing sores. This outbreak inflicts
one level of lethal damage to all victims and drops their
Appearances to one dot. The sores remain until the damage
is healed.

Death: One mortal in 10 dies. (The Storyteller may roll
a die for each group of 10 mortals, with a 1 indicating the
fatality, or he may just pick out a reasonable percentage.)
Death comes from sudden hemorrhaging or heart attacks, so
beings not susceptible to such injury are unaffected. This
plague doesn't cause nearly as much material destruction as
some of the others do, but the loss of life and corresponding
horror is tremendous.

POTENT WEATHER MAGIC
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Celestial
Difficulty: Special

Sekhem: Special

This Hekau is the pinnacle of the celestine's power. She
may call the most destructive kinds of storms, including
tornadoes, hurricanes, monsoons, floods, killing frosts, ocean
tempests, raging thunder, dust storms and droughts. These
weather patterns can disrupt the local climate for weeks or
months afterward unless the mummy performs a subsequent
ritual to return them to normal more rapidly.

Aswith all previous Weather Magic, the chart on p. 100
lists the various difficulty and Sckhem costs for desired
effects. A couple of options are described here for quick
reference. The difficulty and Sekhem costs for each assumes
that the caster begins her work on an average summer day in

MUMMY: THE RESI

abepbanennndscostatcbatatantds

atemperate clime over a fair-sized area (mid-80° Fahrenheit,
mild humidity, with partial cloud cover over a major urban
area). Having existing conditions closer to the desired vari-
ables lowers the difficulty.

Tornado (difficulty 7, Sekhem 2): R ing pressure
systems together creates a vortex for an hour that devastates
almost anything in its path. (Assume that the tornado
inflicts 10 dice of lethal damage in a five-yard radius when-
ever it touches down.) The character has no hope of
controlling the tornado once it's been created.

Typhoon (difficulty 10, Sekhem 3): Unleashing a
massive week-long hurricane creates effects equal to the
thunderstorm described previously, including vastly reduced
visibility and flooding. The damage is inflicted over large
areas, and it is equivalent to that of a tornado. Generating a
storm of this scale is properly difficulty 11. However, since
difficulties can go no higher than 10, the extra point means
that the mummy's player must roll at least two successes at
difficulty 10.

ROUSING APOPHIS
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Celestial
Difficulty: 9
Sekhem: 15

All of the resurrected know of Apophis, the great
corrupt serpent who seeks to devour Ra and plunge the world
into darkness. Although this fearful beast is ostensibly only
legend, its visage alone is enough to make the world tremble.

The astrologer draws upon great forces to rouse Apophis
momentarily — and the earth shakes as a result. The Great
Serpent's fury results in an earthquake of (at least) 8.0 on the
Richter Buildings crumble, fault lines crack and cities
collapse. No specific damage is listed for this ritual, since the
devastation is so widespread and comprehensive.

The epicenter of the temblor finds is where the mummy
stands performing the ceremony. Since this spell cannot be
hung, however, the celestine herself is likely to die in the
ensuing earthquake. The mummy must be mindful of the
consequences of her actions. The massive death and destruc-
tion involved likely unbalance the Scales of Ma'at. A mummy
who performs this ritual rashly may soon find herself before
several furious judges. Due to such dangers the ritual is
granted only to those mummies who live most fully in
accordance with Ma'at.

While most of the Resurrected believe that this ritual is
named metaphorically, rumors abound of mummies who
have witnessed a great scaly form stretching for miles, visible
in the depths of the underworld. Few mummies wish to
chance awakening and antagonizing their greatest foe, even
if it is supposedly only a myth.

i


EFFIGY

The power of a symbol is tremendous. In ancient Egypt,
the mastery of mythic symbols formed the basis for the power
of the priesthood and the Pharaoh. From the pyramids that
represented the primordial mound of creation to the statues
of the gods that ensured their continuing presence on earth,
mighty Hekau spells channeled tremendous power. The
magicians of the Two Lands crafted magical relics to protect
themselves and their charges in the afterlife, and they even
provided those charges with ushabti (the "answerers" who
performed work for them in the Fields of A'aru). The ushabti
were so common in funerary settings that they became the
symbol of the Hekau magic involved in their creation. Never
ones to deny the power of symbolism, the artisans of this
Hekau took to calling their art Effigy Hekau.

Effigy spellsand rituals are based upon ideals of sympathetic
magic and the manufacture of spiritual objects. Such objects
may serve asrelics for the soul in the afterlife or powerful artifacts
in the material world. A picture or model may be empowered to
cause its fate to affect the thing it depicts.

CRAFTING AN EFFIGY

Properly speaking, an effigy is a statue representing a
person. Within the Hekau arts, any object may serve as an
effigy of an idea or thing. The main difference between
effigies and amulets is that the user does not have to wear an
effigy, and that an effigy may be immaterial in its final form.
Some exceptions exist, such as the creation of armor or
clothes that only exist within Duat.

Like an amulet, an effigy must first be crafted, which
generally requires a Dexterity + Crafts or Wits + Crafts roll with
a difficulty that depends on the complexity of the desired result.
Such an effort needs at least one success, although the Story-
teller may call for an extended action to sculpt or assemble an
appropriately detailed effigy. The words of power for the ritual
are then inscribed into the item. As noted for all rituals, doing
so requires an extended action that uses a dice pool designated
by the particular ritual in order to gather a number of successes
equal to the Sekhem rating.

An Effigy ritual takes one day per level of the ritual
being performed unless otherwise noted. Since the work
requires demanding focus, much of the time that the caster
takes to perform the ritual includes breaks to recover physi-
cal and spiritual strength. While crafting an effigy, an artisan
may do nothing but sleep, eat and meditate to recover
Sekhem. To speed the process along, the artisan may use
Sekhem from other sources, such as the Tears of Isis potion
or Vessels that are capable of storing magical power.

Once an effigy has been created, its enchantment does
not need to be renewed as an amulet's does. The effigy is

infused with Sekhem only when the artisan channels energy
into it, and it sits inert the rest of the time.

USING THE EFFIGY

Unless otherwise stated, one may use an effigy repeat-
edly, but someone with knowledge of Effigy Hekau must
activate it. The user does not have to be of a level capable of
actually creating the effigy, but her player must succeed with
the appropriate Trait + Effigy roll against the difficulty of the
effigy ritual in order to use the item in question. Botching
this roll usually destroys the magic of the item and renders it
spiritually inert. Some effigies have been created for a
specific person, and they will not work for anyone else.

Unlike an amulet, an effigy usually requires an expendi-
ture of Sekhem every time someone uses it. The mummy's
player spends this Sekhem immediately upon activation and
periodically thereafter in order to continue using it. If an
effigy is denied its supply of required Sekhem at any point,
the object returns to its quiescent state immediately. The
rituals listed here denote respective costs to create and
maintain various effigies.

Some simple Effigy Hekau can be performed in a single
turn. Such powers are referred to as spells. Casting these
spells involves scratching a potent symbol or two onto an
object's surface and investing it with Sekhem to activate it.
Other simple sympathetic magic might require a very crude
shaping of a representation of the target from whatever
material is at hand. Invoking magic in a hurry with such
weak links often devours a greater amount of Sekhem en-
ergy, and it is more likely to fail. Therefore, most Effigy
practitioners prefer to have time to prepare.

CARE AND FEEDING OF AN EFFIGY

The comparison between amulets and effigies has been
made already, but notable distinctions exist between the
two. (Otherwise they wouldn't warrant separate Hekau
paths.) Among these differences is the fact that most effigies
are more durable than amulets are.

Aneffigy crafted in the shape ofa creature looks like asmall
statue, but it grows to resemble an actual living animal when it
is activated. It is not truly alive, however. For the sake of
simplicity, use the appropriate description in Chapter Eight as
a basis for a creature effigy. (Other World of Darkness hooks
have a plethora of creature descriptions to draw from as well.)
‘The effigy may use its Statriina tosoak lethal damage. However,
it cannot heal any damage it has sustained, and it suffers wound
penalties like its living counterpart would, unless otherwise
indicated. The artisan must repair any damage to an effigy
herself. Doing so requires her player to roll Crafts + Effigy
(difficulty 6) for each separate wound and spend one Sekhem to
mend each health level. An effigy that suffers damage past
Incapacitated is destroyed.

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER

kek

sab

we


An inactive effigy registers as a magical item to Aware-
ness or appropriate mystical senses. Regardless of the means
used to identify it, destruction of an effigy ends its enchant-
ment. Its destruction can trigger a final magical effect in
certain cases, however.

LEVEL ONE EFFIGY

COMMAND SIMPLE IMPLEMENT
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Wits + Effigy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: None

One of the early lessons of Effigy is that the spiritual
double of anything is as vital as its physical manifestation.
With a quick inscription using whatever is at hand, even
spittle if necessary, the artisan takes control of an item's
immaterial essence and gains special power over it. This spell

RELICS AND' DUAT
The term "relic" will be familiar to players of
Wraith: The Oblivion as those material items that pass
through the Shroud to serve the deceased in the Lands
of the Dead. Normally, physical-objects do not have
counterparts in the underworld. Everything in the Lands
of the Dead is the product of emotion and will, spititual
tesidue and memory. Ghosts have learned to shape the
stuff of dream and nightmare to form tools and weapons,
‘After. a fashion. However, these items are poor subs
tutes for the real thing.

£> Only those objects that-are very special' or ex:
-tfemely important to someone who has died are likely to
form in the underworld. Anything froma cherished doll
from childhood to a trusty service revolver creates a
psychic echo across the Shroud. Such items are exceed-
ingly rare due to their very nature, which makes them
great treasures to ghosts.

Ancient Egyptians were familiar with relics and
how ‘useful they were to the dead. Skilled artisans
created many objects that they enchanted. with' the
ability to pierce the Shroud, but many of the secrets of
their manufacture were lost in.time. Few cultures since
then remember the magic necessary to bless thé dead
with everything that they will need in the next life.

» » With the rise of the Amenti, mummies have recov-
ered much of these lost skills. Now, talented Effigy
Hekau practitioners again exercise the power to invest
articles with a mystical "double" or even sacrifice them
soithat the objects might become entirely spiritual:

r

omeatite

allows the artisan to take over only simple items with no
moving parts, such as a knife, chisel or brush. The artisan
receives an extra die toward any activities that use the item
in question directly for the remainder of the scene. Combat
applications are rather obvious, but Storytellers and players
should consider more subtle functions of this spell. An
empowered chisel would add to rolls for sculpting a statue,
while an imbued scroll might be easier to translate.

SIMPLE CREATURE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 3 to create, 1 per week to maintain

This ritual allows the artisan to create a figurine of a tiny
ch as a scorpion, rat, frog or bird. When acti-
vated, the effigy comes to a semblance of life, and it can
perform simple tasks for the artisan, including delivering
written messages, searching small areas and so forth. The
simple effigy is no more intelligent than its natural equiva-
lent, and it may become confused by commands that are very
different from its normal behavior. An effigy also has the
simple natural weaponry and sensory ability of its living
equivalent, such as claws and sense of smell. More complex
capabilities — a scorpion's venom, a spider's web spinning,
a bat's sonar — remain beyond the effigy at this level.
Chapter Eight lists Traits for typical small animals.

SIMPLE INERTION
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Manipulation + Effigy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: None

This spell is a basic protective measure that defends
against other artisans' handiwork. With a touch and an
expenditure of Sekhem, the artisan may attempt to deacti-
vate any level-one Effigy Hekau creation. After the mummy
touches the active effigy (which may require an attack roll in
a conflict situation), her player rolls Manipulation + Effigy
to deactivate it. The opposing artisan's player makes a
resisted roll. If the casting mummy's player gains successes
greater than the opposing artisan's player does, the effigy
returns immediately to its inert state for the rest of the scene.
The opposing artisan may activate the item again in the
future, but not until a new scene starts.

creature, s

This spell may also be used against other magic that
resembles Effigy Hekau, as long as that magic is of only level-
one power. Casters of such magic include wizards, sorcerers
or thaumaturges who enact magic that animates statues,
creates spiritual duplicates of objects or models that can
transform into real things or affect others through sympa-

thetic links.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


SIMPLE SERVITOR to control. She then rolls Manipulation + Effigy
Type: Ritual in a resisted action against the opposing
Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy artisan's player. If the casting mummy's
Difficulty: 6 player gains successes greater than
Sekhem: 1 to create, 1 per month the opposing artisan's player does,
to maintain control of the item passes to her
immediately. The new master may
then command the effigy as nor-
mal, deactivating it or causing it
to perform its magical functions.
The former master may try to
regain control of the effigy if he
also possesses this spell.

As noted for Simple
Inertion, this spell will work
against other level-one spells
that create Effigy-type effects,
including those of true mages,

In ancient Egypt, servitors
were small figurines of clay,
wood or stone that were cre-
ated as servants and placed in
better-equipped tombs. At this
level, a Servitoris easy to make,
and it requires little energy to
maintain. However, its behav-
ior is robotic, and it has no
intelligence or ability to carry
out orders of any complexity.
Simple commands like dig,
sweep, pick up, carry, follow
and stop are practically the
limit toa Servitor's understand-

sorcerers and thaumaturges.

LEVEL TWO

ing. Anything more EFFIGY
challenging forces the effigy to
seize up. COMMAND LESSER

Designed for assistance Typet Spell

Dice Pool: Wits + Effigy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: |

This spell operates the same
way its level-one counterpart
does, except that it may affect
items with simple moving parts.
Therefore, the mummy may
command firearms, action fig
ures, bicycles or door locks, but
not automobiles or computers.

and not conflict, a Simple Ser-
vitor is incapable of fighting,
and it cannot heal any damage
that it sustains. A Servitor is
not the equivalent of any a
natural living. For ease of use,
assume that it has three health
levels and is unaffected by
wound penalties. After sustain-
ing three levels of damage, the
Servitor is destroyed.

SIMPLE WREST
Type: Spell

This form of the spell grants two
extra dice for the scene to any
roll that relates directly to the
item in question.

FALSE DOOR

Type: Spell or Ritual

Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: Special

Dice Pool: Manipulation +
Effigy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: | + special

With this spell, the artisan
can try to wrest control of a
level-one effigy from its master.
The effigy must be in the mummy's
immediate line of sight. Her player
then spends one Sekhem plus the cost
that would normally be required to activate
the effigy that she is seeking

This effect creates a magical por-
tal through a solid object with a
thickness up to one foot per level of the
mummy's Effigy Hekau. The


exact application and power requirements depend on the
manner in which the mummy creates the door.

The artisan may cast this effect as a spell, drawing or
scratching the general shape of a door in a barrier quickly in
order to create a temporary passageway. After spending 1
Sekhem and making a successful roll, the door flickers with
an opalescent sheen, allowing anyone passage either way
through the barrier for a number of turns equal to the
successes rolled.

The artisan may instead carve a careful representation
of a door on one side of a surface. This ritual requires the
expenditure of five Sekhem, and it creates a permanent
portal through the surface. Aside from the carved door on
one side, the False Door gives no indication of its existence.
The mummy may pass through it in either direction at any
time on a successful Occult + Effigy roll (difficulty 6). By
spending 1 Sekhem a month, the artisan forges a bond
between the door and any effigies she has created, allowing
them to utilize the door also. She may also allow others entry
by expending one Sekhem to open the portal for the scene.
Others aware of the door may pass through it by spending one
Sekhem and rolling Occult + Effigy (difficulty 6) each time,
whether or not the mummy who created the False Door is
present.

Regardless of the version that the mummy uses, the
False Door is not transparent. The curious must pass through
to find out what lies on the other side.

LESSER CHATTEL

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy

Difficulty: 6

Sekhem: 2 to create, 1 per week to maintain

This ritual allows a small model of a simple common
object to turn into a full-sized functional item when acti-
vated. The effigy may be worn as a charm or used as a
paperweight when it is inactive, but it converts to its full size
with the expenditure of Sekhem. Only simple items — such
as beds, swords, rowboats, skateboards and buckets — tra
late effectively. More complex items, suchas firearms, bicycles
and electronics will expand into inoperable (though con-
vincing) copies of a real counterpart. A television created
thus would lack the actual circuitry to function and a pistol
would be a solid prop.

LESSER CREATURE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 4 to create, 1 per week to maintain
This ritual creates an effigy of a small creature, such as
a cat, vulture, cobra or large bird. Like a Simple Creature,

Winaii

this effigy follows uncomplicated commands when acti-
vated, but only with the intelligence of its natural counterpart.
A Lesser Creature is more loyal than its simple counterpart,
and it will fight in defense of the artisan who activated it if
it is ordered to do so. When activated, it has the same
physical characteristics, senses and attack forms as a normal
example of its species. The only distinctions are that the
effigy cannot heal damage, and a normally poisonous crea-
ture does not actually possess any venom. See Chapter Eight
for a sampling of creatures.

LESSER INERTION
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Manipulation + Effigy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: None
This spell acts exactly as its Simple Inertion counterpart
except that it may be applied to render inert Effigy magic up
to level two.

LESSER WREST
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Manipulation + Effigy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: | + special
This spell acts exactly as its Simple Wrest counterpart
except that it may seize control of effigies up to level two.

LEVEL THREE EFFIGY

COMMAND COMPLEX IMPLEMENT
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Wits + Effigy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 2
This spell functions as Command Simple Implement ex-
cept that it has greater power. The artisan may empower items
as large or complex as small houses, cars, boats and the like. The
artisan receives three extra dice for the scene with any action
that directly relates to the item in question.
COMPLEX CHATTEL
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 3 to create, 1 per week to maintain

This ritual creates a model of a fairly large and/or complex
item —such as a pistol, small cottage, motorboat or car — that
follows the same rulesas Lesser Chattel. A highly complex item,
such as an aircraft or computer, is too advanced to model in
sufficient detail with this ritual. Such a model becomes a
convincing but inert replica. The plane would not be able to fly,

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


and the computer would do nothing more than show
a blank glowing screen. A novice pilot or com-
puter operator could be fooled into wasting
time trying to discover why the thing
doesn't work, but any real expert would
quickly notice that it was merely a
collection of clever props with no
real function. Without magical
knowledge, such a revelation may

directions with little danger of the effigy becoming
confused. See Chapter Eight (and refer to other
World of Darkness books) for Traits on a
sampling of creatures.

MAJOR INERTION
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Manipulation + Effigy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 1
This spell acts exactly as its
Simple Inertion counterpart except
that it renders Effigy magic up to
level three inert. Note that Major
Inertion requires an expenditure of
Sekhem as well, due to the forces
involved.

MAJOR RELIC
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Effigy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 3 to create

The artisan casts this spell as she
destroysacertain object, thereby free-
ing that item's spiritual form so that it
can exist independently in the un-
derworld. Ghostsand mummies often
hoard such treasures to ease their
existences in Duat. The targeted ob-
ject can be no larger than a king-size
bed and of limited complexity (a re-
volver is possible but not a
motorcycle), and it must be destroyed
completely forthe spell to work. Ifthe
roll for the spell fails or the object is
not destroyed adequately, the item
does not manifest in Duat. The Major
Relic spell may be used on a given
object only once.
MAJOR WREST
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Manipulation + Effigy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 1 + special

prove puzzling.

MAJOR BOND OF FATE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Effigy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 6 to create, 1 to maintain
for the scene

This ritual links a model that
the artisan creates of an actual ob-
ject with the original. Using
sympathetic magic in this fashion,
the fate that befalls one happens to
both. The linked object or structure
may be no larger than a medium
sized house, and may not be a living
creature or even a corpse.

MAJOR CREATURE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 8 to create, 2 per week to
maintain

Like its lesser form, this ritual
creates a small figurine that may
become a full-size animal. A Major
Creature may be any medium-sized
animal species — dog, lynx, hyena,
python, monkey and soon. Unlike a
Lesser Creature, an effigy whose natu-
ral counterpart possesses venom or
some unusual trait has the same ca-
pability. Aswith the previous Hekau
level, a Major Creature is fiercely
loyal, and it will fight to its destruc-
tion ifitis ordered todefend its:

reator.

A Major Creature is far craftier
than a natural animal, with a combina-
tion of a dog's empathic nature and a
chimpanzee's cleverness. As such, the
mummy may convey fairly detailed

This spell operates exactly as its
Simple Wrest counterpart except that
it may seize control of effigies up to
level three.

CH,

>

PTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER


MODEST REFLECTION

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Effigy

Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: 2 to create, 1 per day to maintain

The user casts this ritual ona normal object that isno larger
than a four-poster bed and which is no more complex than a
bicycle. The ritual empowers the creation of the object's spiri-
tual double. When the artisan spends Sekhem and touches the
item (or the space in the Shadowlands where it would normally
be), the object becomes real in Duat as well as the physical
world. This duality allows spirits to use the object just as material
beings do. Since the artisan normally receives no benefit from
the spiritual version of the object while she is alive, she normally
activates the reflection only when her spirit is in the under-
world,

This ritual provides a number of interesting effects due to
the dual nature of enchanted objects. A bicycle that a spirit is
riding in the Lands of the Dead would appear to be moving on
its own to the mortals in the living world. A sword wielded in
the material realm can actually strike a spirit across the Shroud.
Note that activating an object merely causes the spiritual effigy
to appear in Duat. It does not grant the artisan automatic
physical control over it.

OVERSEER.

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy

Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: 2 to create, 1 per week to maintain

Ancient Egyptian tombs had a statue or two carved with
distinctive symbols and skirts or robes. Each was an effigy of
an Overseer, a special greater Servitor that directed and
coordinated the actions of its underlings. When it is acti-
vated, an Overseer can interpret relatively complex orders.
It can dig ditches in order to irrigate a field. It can take bricks
and build a wall from Point A to Point B. It could bar entry
to a tomb from anyone who does not know the password.

An Overseer can carry out its commands through other
Servitors that are assigned to its control. Up to 10 simple
Servitors or five Guards may be assigned to the Overseer
when they are activated. Given sufficiently explicit orders,
an Overseer can be extremely helpful. Bright as it is, though,
it has no actual sentience. If circumstances occur for which
it has no orders the Overseer simply ignores those circum-
stances and sticks to its directives as best it's able.

Like a Simple Servitor, an Overseer is not capable of
conflict. Although it is unaffected by wound penalties, it
cannot heal any damage that it sustains. It is more durable,
however, since it possesses seven health levels.

SEKHEM VESSEL
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 8 to create

The naturally slow recovery of Sekhem and the rarity of
readily available and free areas in which to recover it easily
through meditation prompted artisans to seek ways to store
that energy. A Vessel can be virtually anything that can
contain something — jar, bottle, bucket, box, poison ring,
film canister, ampoule. The artisan inscribes words of power
on the item and imbues it with the capacity to store Sekhem.

Only an Effigy practitioner may infuse the reservoir
with Sekhem. The artisan's player must decide upon the
amount of Sekhem she wants the effigy to hold, then spend
that amount of Sekhem along with the minimum required
for the ritual itself. The player cannot spend more Sekhem
than her character has on hand. The player rolls for the
ritual, and he must get one success for each point of Sekhem
to be stored. Any remaining Sekhem dissipates. Therefore,
ifan artisan expends five Sekhem to create a Vessel contain-
ing three Sekhem but he only gets two successes, the effigy
contains two Sekhem. The remaining Sekhem is lost.

Any mummy may draw out the energy. The mummy's
player needs only roll Balance (difficulty 4). Each success
allows the mummy to absorb one point of Sekhem. A
character may not exceed her normal maximum Sekhem.
A character may benefit from only one Sekhem Vessel at
any one time.

LEVEL FOUR EFFIGY

GREATER RELIC
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Effigy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 5 to create
Like a Major Relic, this spell allows the artisan to
destroy an object and empower its form to appear in the
underworld permanently. The limitations on suitable items
follow the guidelines of Majestic Reflection.
GUARD
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 4 to create, 1 per week to maintain

This ritual creates a special superior Servitor in the form of
a powerful warrior figurine that is armed with a sword or spear.
Ttmay follow relatively complex orders given by the artisan who

ett a


oe

activates it or those that are passed through an

aircraft or computer. Using the item otherwise follows
the rules for Lesser Chattel.

SUPERIOR CREATURE

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy
Difficulty: 8

Overseer, as long as the orders relate to its role
as a defender. The Guard will fight until it
is destroyed or directed to cease combat.

Although itis unaffected by wound
penalties and able to soak lethal dam-
age, the Guard cannot heal any

damage it sustains. It has seven
health levels. When it is activated,
it has ratings of 3 in all Physical
Attributes as well as in the Dodge
and Melee Abilities.

MAJESTIC REFLECTION
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Effigy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 4 to create, 1 per day to
maintain

This ritual acts exactly as Mod-
est Reflection, except that it may
imbue larger and more complex
items with the ability to appear si-
multaneously in the underworld.
Thespiritual counterparts of houses,
cars, medium-sized boats and even
items such as computers may be
activated in Duat.

SUPERIOR BOND OF FATE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Effigy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 7 to create, 2 to keep
active for the scene

This ritual is a more potent
form of the Major Bond of Fate.
The model may be linked to any
single object or structure, even
the largest of pyramids, dams or
war vessels.
SUPERIOR CHATTEL
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: 5 to create, 1 per day to

maintain.

This ritual allows the artisan to create
an effigy of a very large or complex item,

includingalarge building, largeboat,

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER

|

Sekhem: 15 to create, 1 per day to
maintain

This ritual operates in the
same fashion as lower-level ver-
sions. At this stage, the figurine
can transform into a larger and far
brighter creature. The artisan may
create a large beast — such as a
lion, gorilla, crocodile or bear —
and the beast possesses an almost
human level of intelligence and
memory. A Superior Creature may
follow very complex orders, such
as, "Follow this woman and report
back to me where she goes and
who she sees." The Superior Crea-
ture is loyal to the artisan who
activates it, and it will take the
initiative to defend her when nec-
essary, possibly even defying orders
to do so. See Chapter Eight (and
refer to other World of Darkness
books) for a sampling of creatures.

SUPERIOR INERTION
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Manipulation + Effigy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 1
This spell acts almost exactly as

» Simple Inertion counterpart ex-
cept that it may be applied to render
effigy magic up to level four inert.

SUPERIOR WREST
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Manipulation + Effigy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: | + special
This spell operates exactly as

its Simple Wrest counterpart ex-

cept that it may seize control of effigies

up to level four.


LEVEL FIVE EFFIGY.

KA VESSEL

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy

Difficulty: 9

Sekhem: 50 to create, 1 per scene to maintain

This powerful ritual does not attune a container to act as a
receptacle for Sekhem. Instead, it creates a life-sized magical statue
that can be activated and inhabited by the soul of the individual
whom it represents. Each ka vessel is uniquely attuned to its
beneficiary, whose name must be carved therein, and its magic is
designed only for that individual's use.

Anattuned soul can animate the Ka Vessel by entering it from
Duat and having her player succeed with an easy Manipulation +
Effigy roll (difficulty 4). This ritual is very useful for a mummy who
is currently between lives.

The statue may move and even attack, although it cannot
speak. Itisashardasthestone ftom which itis crafted, butitis equally
clumsy. In game terms, a Ka Vessel has Strength 6, Dexterity 2,
Stamina 10, and it retains the Mental Attributesand Abilities ofthe
inhabiting spirit. (Its Social Attributes are considered to be zero.)
The statue has 10 health levels, it suffers half bashing damage after
soak (round down), and it has a standard soak against lethal and
aggravated damage. Being stone, it suffers no wound penalties, and
itcan ignore many forms of attack completely. Most natural fires do
nothing more than smudge its surface, electricity sparks off it
harmlessly, and poisons are laughably inadequate.

LIVING BOND OF FATE

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Effigy

Difficulty: 9

Sekhem: 20 to create, 2 to maintain for the scene

This effigy is the most powerful of the Bonds of Fate, since
it allows the artisan to create a specific image of an individual
living person and use it to control that person's will. When the
artisan activates the effigy, the artisan and victims' players each
roll Willpower in a resisted action. If the victim wins, the effigy
shatters and is rendered useless. Ona tie, the struggle continues
into the next turn. If the artisan wins, the victim's every
movement, except speech, falls under the artisan's control for
the remainder of the scene. The controlled victim emulates
every motion that the mummy commands from the effigy, and
he suffers sympathetic injuries from any damage applied to the
effigy as well.

PRINCELY CHATTEL

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy

Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: 10 to create, 2 per day to maintain

es
This ritual allows the artisan to create an effigy of an
extremely large or complex item including a palace, fighter
jet, ocean liner or even computer network. The activation of
the item otherwise follows the rules for Simple Chattel.

PRINCELY CREATURE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Crafts + Effigy
Difficulty: 9
Sekhem: 25 to create, 1 per day to maintain

This ritual operates the same as the Superior Creature
ritual, with yet more powerful results. Using this magic, the
artisan may create any natural animal of any size, from the
deadliest insect to a giant squid. Furthermore, the animal is
imbued with intelligence and certain knowledge equal to the
artisan who activates it. So a howler monkey effigy created by
an Amenti who is trained as a computer programmer could be
commanded to sneak into a computer lab and program using its
master's skill. A Princely Creature is absolutely loyal to the
artisan who activated it. Asa mirror of the mummy's psyche, it
will always try to act with her interests and well being in mind.
See Chapter Eight (and refer to other World of Darkness books)
for a sampling of creatures.

PRINCELY INERTION
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Manipulation + Effigy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 1
This spell acts exactly as its Simple Inertion counterpart,
except that it may render Effigy magic up to level five inert. If
amummy uses this spell against the Ka Vessel, the spirit is forced
out of the statue and back into the underworld.
PRINCELY REFLECTION
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Effigy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 7 to create, 2 per day to maintain
This ritual is the same as Modest Reflection, except that
it may be used upon very large or complex items or structures,
Luding palaces, ships or P systems.

PRINCELY RELIC
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Effigy
Difficulty: 9
Sekhem: 10 to create

This spell works like Major Relic, and it lets the artisan
activate the physical existence of an object in Duat perma-
nently by destroying its earthly form. Its limits are the same
as for Princely Reflection. Note, however, that such objects

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

spepanenanannanetenct

Eee Pees

wr

ened


SEE SRSA ESAT

are usually ly difficult (if not i
individual to destroy.

PRINCELY WREST

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Manipulation + Effigy
Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: 1 + special

ible) foralone

This spell operates exactly as its Simple Wrest counter-
part except that it may seize control of level-five effigies.

NECROMANCY

Given the importance of the soul in Egyptian legend —
especially to the newly created Amenti who are acutely aware
that their state stems in part from the tem-akh — the study of
magic devoted to the soul is a natural outgrowth of a mummy's
existence. While other magic affects the material world, Nec-
romancy reshapes the underworld, gifting the wielder with
command of the dead and mastery of her own soul. To recognize
the importance of Necromancy, one need only look to the
tremendous tombs and monuments of Egypt, where the Pha-
raohs expended the efforts —and lives — of thousands of slaves
to ensure their own sanctity in the afterlife.

Neophyte necromancer first learn the divisions of the
soul and the importance of metaphysical relics in the under-
world. With practice, the necromancer gains authority over
the dead through special rites of purification and the practice
of ascetic disciplines. In effect, the mummy becomes a lord
among the dead, capable of commanding with a word and
transfixing with a gaze.

While many Western traditions and religions regard Nec-
romancy as an practice, N yisa
fundamental art and a purifying discipline to mummies. The
necromancer's very soul refines itself to become a being of
puissant light in Duat. Through this authority, the necromancer
can defend or manipulate the soul's many parts, command the
dead and channel the blackened entropy that flows through the
underworld while remaining untainted herself.

Among mummies, Necromancy is the specialty of the
khaibit. The mummy channels the powers of Duat through
the shadow-soul, which touches most closely on the Lands of
the Dead. To master Necromancy, the mummy must exert
authority through purification but also strengthen its ties to
the khaibit. A truly puissant necromancer becomes as a
noble monster. She leashes the khaibit to her will, combin-
ing the terrible monster and the purified master in order to
transform herself into a lord of the dead. The mummy walks
a thin line as she balances Ma'at with the strength of the
khaibit, eventually learning to harness the khaibit for con-
viction and dedication as molded through the authority of
Ma'at. The khaibit's strength becomes the mummy'sstrength,

with its lusts moderated through the mummy's adherence to
the universal balance.

Each Necromancy Hekau ritual requires 10 minutes per
level of the ritual, unless otherwise indicated.

Those who are familiar with Vampire: The Masquer-
ade should note that the Necromancy practiced by the
Resurrected differs significantly in form and effect from the
vampiric Discipline by the same name. The two paths are
quite different in function and intent, and they should not
be confused.

LEVEL ONE NECROMANCY

BODY PRESERVATION

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Thanatology + Necromancy
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: 3

An Amenti's corpse is normally incorruptible, thanks to
the powerful effects of the new Spell of Life. However, the
khat may still be subject to applied trauma while the soul is
in Duat. By enacting this ritual, swallowing certain noxious
mixtures and swathing her body in oils and creams, the

lends i d resili to her khat.

The entire process of the ritual takes a full day of work
to complete. Once finished, the ritual provides the
necromancer's corpse with benefits equal to the level-one
Ka Background. If the character already has a rating in Ka,
Body Preservation effectively increases this score by one (up
tofive points). In addition, the player may add her character's
Necromancy Hekau rating to Ka rolls to protect the khat
from harm. Body Preservation functions only upon the
caster or the corpses she animates.

Although the components of this ritual are not excep-
tionally expensive, they do comprise a unique collection of
unguents. If a mummy knows what to look for, she may
determine whether another mummy is in the area by check-
ing tosee if certain components have been purchased at local
stores dealing in herbs, essences and lotions.

DEATH'S SHROUD
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Thanatology + Necromancy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 1

Funerary rituals protect the soul from the rigors of the
spirit world. Pharaohs' journeys were smoothed over through
the intervention of priests, while necromancers learned to
protect their souls from other magicians or the dark entities
that might claim them once they passed away.

The mummy reclines and places some sort of symbolic
shielding over her heart and eyes. This shield can he as

reve; FOUR: WORDS OF POWER

ePeRe Raed elelebebekisls bebe ris etek

ia


simple as a strip of paper or as ornate as a golden mask. She
concentrates for a turn, then shapes Sekhem into a magical
shield against spiritual injury. Attacks that impact upon or
scry for the mummy's soul must overcome the successes that
the caster scored with Death's Shroud, making failure and
inaccurate readings more likely. Therefore, if the
necromancer's player scores three successes, an attempt to
sense her emotions loses three successes from the roll.
Likewise, it acts as three points of soak against any spiritually
inflicted damage. The Death's Shroud ablates with use,
however, so it loses one success of potency each time it is
challenged until it is destroyed.

Death's Shroud is visible to those who can sense the
soul, be it with a form of spirit-sight or some other supernatu-
ral sense. A grayish halo envelops the mummy's body (or her
soul, in the underworld). Death's Shroud remains active
until the next sunrise at the location of the mummy's body.
A shrouded soul in Duat could lose its protection abruptly as
the sun rose over its khat.

GHOST LANTERN

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 5

Sekhem: 1

Duat can be a dark and dangerous place, in which those
who are unfamiliar with its shifting spiritual terrain become
lost easily. With but a syllable, the mummy can light her way,
transforming Sekhem into a beacon of sorts.

The mummy can create a simple ball of light in her
hand, although this Hekau is most often used to enchant an
existing piece of ectoplasm. For the rest of the scene, the
object gives off a greenish, flickering light that illuminates
the dark places of the underworld for a radius in yards up to
thenecromancer's Balance rating. The Ghost Lantern shines
only in the underworld.

JUDGE THE SOUL
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Divination + Necromancy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: None

With but a brief gaze, a necromancer can weigh the
purity of a subject's soul. The caster learns to judge the
corruption of those claimed by Apophis or the purity of those
in harmony with Ma'at. The caster need not speak any
mystical syllables to exercise this judgment, although she
must scrutinize the subject clearly for a full turn. Such
intense staring may well draw notice.

scrupulous and compassionate or craven and slovenly. With
three or more successes, the mummy can evaluate the subject's
specific moral strength or weakness by noting which part of the
soul shines brightly or flickers weakly.

Telltale signs seeping from the subject's spirit give away his
inner nature. By this means, the mummy can separate potential
allies from more dubious companions. Vampires and other
supernatural creatures can often be identified by their charac-

teristic lusts or frailties. A vampire's thirst for blood is written on
every pore of his undead face, while a werewolfs rage and
spirituality battle in his every gesture. This magic also functions
in the underworld, although the necromancer must be able to
see across the Shroud or be a spirit in Duat herself. The mummy
can also determine the general demeanor of ghosts.

The ability to judge the soul can be fooled or clouded,
for even the Judges of Ma'at are not infallible. Supernatural
shrouds (such as a vampire's ability to conceal his presence
or a wizard's spell to shield his emotions) may confuse the
judgment. A subject with relevant magic who achieves more
successes than the necromancer's player did can even gener-
ate a false reading. A vampire might seem like a normal
person, or an infernal magician could appear to be pure of
heart, for instance.

SEPARATE KA

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: |

Usually, a mummy's ka emerges only to defend the body
during the death cycle. With this spell, the necromancer can
separate her ka deliberately while she is still alive. More
correctly, the mummy's khat falls comatose while her spirit
emerges in the underworld and remains connected to her
physical form via the protective link of her khu. This
separation lasts for the scene, and operates as per the Psychic
Projection power in Vampire: The Masquerade (p. 152) or
under the astral projection rules in Mage: The Ascension
(p. 178), with the following caveats:

The spirit can travel only in the Neter-khertet, the
spiritual reflection of the Lands of the Living. The ka is tied
too closely to the mummy's body to allow the spirit to
venture deep into Duat, to places such as shattered Amenti
or the Fields of A'aru. See Lands of the Dead, p. 178, for
further explanation of the geography of the underworld.

For an additional point of Sekhem, the spirit form may
manifest for the scene, resembling an idealized version of the
caster. (If the mummy has a ka tem-akh, this manifestation is
probably a reflection of that spirit fragment's First Life.) Mani-

On a successful roll, the mummy can d immedi-

ately if another individual is a champion of Ma'at (i.e., another
mummy) or if he possesses True Faith (see Vampire: The

Masquerade, p. 272). The necromancer can tell if someone is
MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

festing thus allows the mummy to icate with the living,
although most mortals are likely to be startled and frightened by
such an apparition (see The Veil, p. 140, for details).


Bi

The materialized ka's Physical Attributes are all at one
point, and she cannot use Sekhem to channel Hekau during
this time. However, she can otherwise interact with the
physical world. If someone strikes her, the spirit form loses
Sekhem points instead of health levels, so it is exceedingly
vulnerable to disruption from a prepared opponent. The
necromancer may use her Necromancy Hekau rating to soak
damage inflicted, though.

If the necromancer's consciousness is still separate from
her body at the end of the scene, the khu snaps her wayward
spirit back into the khat. Returning to the flesh in such a
jarring fashion requires the user's player to make a Stamina
+ Occult roll (difficulty 8) or lose a health level of bashing
damage due to shock.

STORMWALK

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Cosmology + Necromancy
Difficulty: 6

Sekhem: None

Duat has a topography all its own, complete with ecto-
plasmic roads known as byways and scattered strongholds
called citadels in which ghosts dwell. The Dja-akh ripped
much of this spiritual terrain to shreds, however, and it
continues to sweep back and forth through the Lands of the
Dead. Even ifa spirit learns a given path, the ghost storm may
thunder through and change or erase it by the time the ghost
passes that way again.

Mummies in the underworld receive guidance from
Anubis or one of the Aken, his boatmen. A spirit who
explores Duat without guidance must rely on her own wiles.
By sensing the pull of the spirit winds, a necromancer can
draw herself tw different destinations. Any place to which a
necromancer has attuned herself — such as ruined Amenti,
the Pillars of the West or some other specific island in the
tempest — can serve as an anchor point that the mummy can
then use as be
Despite the distance-warping effects that exist in Duat, the
mummy can find a quick route to her desired end. This spell
doesn't guarantee a safe route — malevolent spirits, minions
of Apophis and the Dja-akh itself can make the trip quite
dangerous — but at least the mummy isn't totally lost.
Despite a mummy's sense of storm direction, though, other
spirits or the raging ghost storm may have closed down
certain passageways, making it impossible for the mummy to
pass that way.

SUMMON THE DEAD

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 6

Sekhem: 1

is for navigating elsewhere in the underworld.

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER

A necromancer's ties with the dead allow her to call out to
spirits that she may know, including people who died in her
presence, ghosts she met during a death cycle or similar entities.
The mummy needs only speak the name of the ghost in question
along with the summoning incantation, then pit her energies
against the soul. The necromancer's player rolls Occult +
Necromancy while the target's player rolls Willpower to resist,
each against difficulty 6. If the necromancer's player gets more
successes, a black portal opens in the underworld and pulls the
ghost immediately to the mummy's location.

Once it has been summoned, a ghost is free to act as it
desires. A ghost summoned against its will may be hostile or
even overtaken by its darker half. The mummy must use
other Necromancy spells to compel the spirit against its will.
Conversely, the caster could try to persuade the ghost to aid
her, based upon past friendships or the promise of special
relics or favors.

Only a living mummy can perform the Summon the
Dead ritual. A necromancer in her death cycle cannot exert
a tie between her underworld location and another ghost's.
This incantation affects only true ghosts, not other mummy
souls or spiritual wanderers in the dead planes.

LEVEL TWO NECROMANCY

BANISH THE DEAD
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: target's Willpower
Sekhem: None
With a word of authority, the mummy drives a single ghost
from her vicinity. The entity is shoved 50 yards away, and it
cannot approach within that distance for the duration of the
effect. This banishment in no way prevents the ghost from using
ranged attacks such as its special powers or relic firearms.
Each entity must be banished separately. This effect
does not hedge out all ghosts in the area, only the one against
which the necromancer speaks the word of banishment. The
necromancer may cast this spell on either side of the Shroud,
but the mummy must be able to sense the target in some
fashion. Banish the Dead does not affect a mummy in spirit
form, but it works against any other spirit entity. The
duration of banishment depends upon the number of suc-
cesses that the player scores on the effect:
Successes Duration

one turn
one hour
one day
one week

UeRune

one month


BIND THE DEAD
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy

Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 2

Just as a necromancer may
summon the dead to attend her,

she may also bind them to her
will. The mummy pits the
strength of her khaibit against
the ghost's. will. The
necromancer's player rolls Oc-
cult + Necromancy while the
target's player rolls Willpower to
resist, each against difficulty 6. If
the necromancer's player gets
more successes, the ghost iscom-
pelled to fulfill the mummy's
wishes... although it can some-
times bend these commands to
its own interpretation.

The numberof successes in-
dicates the degree of control that
the necromancer attains. With
one success, the ghost performs
the jobgrudgingly and hesitantly.
With three su s, the wraith
strives to complete the task
quickly and efficiently. With five
successes, the ghost obeys the
letter and spirit of the
necromancer'sdirective. The task
must be something that the

wraith has a reasonable hope of

attempting, but the compulsion
wears off after a full day if the
ghost has not, completed it yet.
Compulsions can be as simple as,
"Goto the Pillars of the West," or
as complex as, "Haunt this per-
son by posing as his dead wife,
urge him to reveal where he hid
the money he stole, then return
to me with the location."

FERTILITY OF OSIRIS

Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 9
Sekhem: 1

The use of this ritual may

repulse most modern people, but

its origins lie in the desire of Isis
to bear her husband a child de-
spite his state of living death.
Depending upon its specific ap-
plication, this ritual may involve
a very sensual encounter or a
particularly grotesque act. The
ritual allows a dead male to im-
pregnatea living mortal woman.
Itapplies equally to the Sefekhi,
older mummies with the Lesser
Resurrection and even ordinary
corpses. The offspring is a nor-
mal mortal child.

REVISIT DEATH
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Divination + Nec-
romancy
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: None

By rubbing the skin of a
corpse and incanting this Hekau,
the caster may draw out images
and memories that are buried in
the flesh of the khat. The necro-
mancer gains flashes of insight
tied to recent circumstances

around the body. The most po-
tent emotions surface first. The
pain of dying, betrayal, lust and
heated anger would flash forth
in distorted images, giving way
slowly to more soothing memo-
ries and finally to blackness.
Each image lasts for a few sec-
much like snippets from a
movie. The clarity of insight

This binding affect only
ghosts, not other visitors to or
dwellers upon the underworld
plane. The necromancer may per-
form this ritual only when she is alive.

varies with the successes rolled.
One success provides an image of
the most powerful emotion the body
experienced in the day before death,
while five successes grants a long succes-

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION
obeaie,
yy

¢

ire


1

*

sion of images stretching back from death to the previous
weeks of the decedent's existence.

The necromancer must touch the corpse physically, so only a
living mummy can use this Hekau. It functions only upon the truly
dead, not upon bodies of vampires or other mummies.

SENSE THE DEAD

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Awareness + Necromancy
Difficulty: 6

Sekhem: 1

By uttering pacans to the Judges of Ma'at, a necroman-
cer can attune herself to an area, hecoming preternaturally
sensitive to the passage of the dead. The area can be up to 10
square feet per success on the casting. This ritual is most
often used to sense for any spirits who approach the mummy's
tomb, although any place may be attuned to as long as the
necromancer can stand at each boundary point. The necro-
mancer typically only attunes herself to one area, though,
since the ritual does not tell where something crossed a
border.

Whenever a ghost enters an area to which the necro-
mancer has attuned herself, the mummy shivers and becomes
aware immediately that the boundaries have been violated.
Because the metaphysical boundaries drawn with this Hekau
grant sensitivity to all forms of passage in the underworld,
this awareness is not limited to traditional ghosts. Mummies
in spirit form, nature spirits and any other sentience in Duat
register the same way. If the spirit is one that the necroman-
cer has actually met before, a Perception + Awareness roll
(difficulty 7) allows the mummy to identify it precisely.
Otherwise, the necromancer simply knows that something
in the underworld has entered her domain.

Although the necromancer must be alive to perform
this ritual, it still functions if she is in her spirit form. The
ritual's effects last for one month.

STORM SHIELD
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 2

The underworld is a turbulent place rife with danger.
The Dja-akh still howls through Duat and malevolent spirits
threaten to flay souls that are foolish enough to roam without
protection. Fortunately, a mummy can shield herself and
possibly others from the worst ravages by using her necro-
mantic skills. The necromancer invokes her status as a
champion of Ma'at to extend her purity like a bulwark
against the storm. Rumor holds that some mummies who

have strayed from the cause instead commune with Apophis
to gain respite from the storm.

A Storm Shield absorbs spiritually inflicted damage.
The shield gives the necromancer a soak rating equal to her
Balance score. Unlike Death's Shroud, this defense is not
ablative. It lasts for the spell's duration. For each success
beyond the first scored on the casting, the mummy may
touch an additional ally who then benefits from the same
protection. Storm Shield remains active until the next
sunrise at the location of the mummy's body.

LEVEL THREE NECROMANCY

BIND THE LIVING
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 3
‘A mummy can make allies among the dead, but she has

no guarantee of how easy or reliable this aid may be. A
necromancer may find it more useful to ally with the living
so that she may benefit once death has overtaken them.
Doing so may be a simple matter of tracking down someone
for whom death already approaches... or helping to speed
the end along.

By incanting over the subject for a full day (from sunrise
to sunset) and inscribing a set of glyphs over the subject's
heart, the mummy ensures that the individual escapes final
judgment at death and lingers on as a ghost instead. The
mummy must explain to the subject what she is doing, or the
ritual has no effect. The person doesn't necessarily have to
be willing, but he must know what will happen when he dies.
Neither must the necromancer tell only the truth. Suggest-
ing to a corrupt individual that this is his only chance for
redemption or to a power-hungry one that this will help him
attain a higher state may not be entirely accurate, but it is
sufficient to get the gist of the ritual across.

The ghost who arises is bound to the necromancer using
the same success ratio described in Bind the Dead. The effect
lasts as long as the ghost survives, though. The necromancer
need only expend a point of Sekhem each time she wishes to
summon one of her bound ghosts to perform a task. The
Amentiis limited to having a number of wraithly allies equal
to the total of her Balance + Necromancy score.

Bind the Living may be used only on normal humans. It
has no effect upon animals, other mummies, vampires or
similar supernatural entities whose souls are already weighted
for judgment. Because the ritual must be performed in the
material world, only a living mummy may cast it.

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER


DEATH'S HAND

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: 3

Under duress, a necromancer may not have time to
resort to ritual or to the aid of ghosts. In such cases, the
mummy can channel the raw force of the underworld, using
her khaibit as a conduit to blast her opponent with spectral
energy. Such an attack has its price, but it can stay all but the
hardiest of souls.

Death's Hand requires the mummy to touch the subject
with her bare palm (calling for an attack roll in combat),
although the victim can be armored or clothed. The entropic
power of this Hekau inflicts one level of aggravated damage per
success scored on the casting. The mummy herself suffers one
level of lethal damage from acting as a conduit for such dark
energies. Regardless of the damage inflicted, the subject is also
stunned for the turn and unable to act.

Use of this Hekau often causes the mummy'shand and arm
to become black in a reflection of the underworld's eternal
night. A frequent practitioner finds her hands stained irrevoca-
bly, both in the physical and spiritual worlds. This attack
functions equally in either realm.

MANIFESTATION

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 6

Sekhem: 3

Normally, a ghost finds interaction with the living diffi-
cult. Even most mummy spirits find it challenging to make their
presence known to those in the Lands of the Living. A necro-
mancer in Duat can bridge this gap between worlds. Cast while
the mummy lingers in the underworld, Manifestation allows the
mummy's soul to appear in the physical realm for the scene.

The mummy's spirit is solid, although it has the feel and
consistency of liquefying jelly, and it has a shimmering silver,
translucent sheen. Mortals faced with this apparition suffer the
effects of the Veil, p. 140. .

Being somewhat solid, the necromancer's form can inter-
act with the living world physically. The necromancer's
respective Physical Attributes can be no higher than her
Balance rating during this time, and she is subject to physical
injury, although not to the degree she would be if she were still

alive. Bashingand lethal attacks pass through th :

ectoplasmic form, causing one level of bashing damage regard-
less of the outcome of the attack's damage roll. Only attacks that
normally inflict aggravated damage can do real harm to the
spirit form. Similarly, mystical attacks that are designed to work
against spirits and the dead work normally.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

Weapons and items created for the necromancer's use in
the Lands of the Dead materialize with her, and she can use
them normally. If they are separated from the mummy, they
dissipate by the end of the turn and return to the underworld.

Alternatively, a mummy in her living cycle may use this
ritual to cause a ghost to manifest, although the necromancer
must be able to perceive the ghost in question. On a successful
casting, the ghost appears much as a manifesting mummy. It
seems to be a translucent image of otherworldly mien that is
capable of interacting with the physical world. The wraith
suffers damage in the same fashion described previously.

SEPARATE BA

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 6

Sekhem: 1

With a moment of concentration and a cryptic utter-
ance, the mummy detaches her ba from her body. In game
terms, this spell functions almost identically to Separate Ka
except that the necromancer's spirit can roam anywhere in
the spirit world.

Should the mummy's body die or should her soul be
disrupted during this spell, she enters a death-cycle immedi-
ately. However, because her spirit already wanders the
underworld, the necromancer does not attract the attention,
of Anubis or come before the Judges of Ma'at automatically.
Some mummies use this spell to escape judgment when they
feel that death is near.

SHADOW PORTAL

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Cosmology + Necromancy
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: 2

With this ritual, a skilled necromancer can actually tear
the fabric of the underworld itself to step from one place in
the Lands of the Dead to another in moments. Performing
the ritual takes time, so it is not something that one can slap
together on the run. The significant safety and rapid travel
that it allows usually more than compensates for the prepa-
ration time.

Creating a Shadow Portal requires first visualizing the
desired destination — one that the mummy must have visited
previously or seen clearly — then channeling the khaibit.

dthus, the literally grabs the suk
of the underworld and rips a byway out of nothingness. The
mummy is pulled through to her destination, at which point the
wound puckers and closes behind her.

A mumny can pull additional travelers with her equal
to the number of successes that the player rolls, as long as
they hold on to her at the completion of the ritual. If the


destination is somehow blocked (say, with a magical ward),
the portal simply fails to open. This spell works only while
the caster is in Duat.

LEVEL FOUR NECROMANCY

AMENTTS GRACE

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: 5

Te was said that the city of Amenti existed in a pure state
because the ablutions of Egypt's past prevented the vagaries of
the spirit world from destroying it. Perhaps the island itself had
some innate character, but it is more likely that powerful
necromantic wards such as this Hekau protected it. Such
defenses were insufficient to stand against the raw power of the

ja-akh, but the memory of that once-inviolable haven re-
mains. Indeed, the new mummies that have arisen since the
Dark Kingdom of Sand was lost have taken the name Amenti
in homage.

Although Amenti herself has fallen, the rites used for her
centuries-long defense remain. A necromancer in the under-
world walks the entire perimeter of a selected area while
repeating prayers to Ra, then she steps inside the bounded
location and spends the ritual time in prayer. If the ritual is
successful, the area is shielded from the effects of the Dja-akh.
The mummy creates an artificial island of stability against the
storm. Considering that the vagaries of byways and the ghost
storm may make travel to and from the locale difficult, the
necromancer should choose such a locale carefully. The dura-
tion of the Hekau depends upon the successes scored,

Successes Duration

1 One day

2 One week
3 One month
4 Six months
5+ One year

Spending a permanent point of Willpower ona roll that
garners six or more successes allows the mummy to create a
permanent island in the trackless, storm-tossed depths of the
underworld. The mummy had best be prepared to defend her
haven vigorously. Eventually, the Dja-akh erodes any barrier
that is not maintained regularly, and malevolent spirits
(including the many agents of Apophis) will try to infiltrate
the area to overtake or destroy it.

ANIMATE CORPSE,

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Thanatology + Necromancy

Difficulty:

The shambling, spirit-bound corpse is a staple of Necro-
mancy,anda mummy isnostranger tosuchacreation. Whether
he considers it a mockery of the Spell of Life or simply a useful
ritual, the necromancer incants over a corpse while inscribing
proper symbols and massaging its chest or breathing air into its
lungs. If the Hekau succeeds, the corpse rises as a barely
conscious thing that is under the mummy's control.

An animated corpse holds only a fragment of motive
awareness, a tattered bit of soul-stuff that the necromancer
plucks from the detritus floating in Duat. As such, it does
little more than stand around and rot unless the necroman-
cer provides it with simple, explicit directions.

The corpse is the equivalent of a shambler (see p. 209),
although it does not sustain itself. It continues to rot, losing
one health level per week until it eventually collapses into
decrepitude. A clever necromancer can preserve it with the
Body Preservation Hekau. (Each success on that spell's roll
equals a year in which the corpse remains in its present state
unless it is destroyed by external forces.) A mummy cannot
animate more corpses at once than the total amount of her
Balance + Necromancy Hekau.

A mummy who values Ma'at recognizes that giving a
semblance of life to the dead can hardly be construed as a
virtuous action. As such, mummies use this Hekau sparingly
— ifone assumes that the corpse is not animated by an actual
soul, one might argue that no crime against the balance is
committed. Still, if the spirit of the bod s, it might
have something to say about its corpse being used in such a
distasteful fashion. The Apepnu face no such moral qualms,
and they do not hesitate to have legions of undead servants
fight for them.

KHAIBIT'S EMBRACE
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 10

A living mummy performs this spell by first taking the
subject by the face (which requires an attack roll ina combat
situation), then murmuring arcane phrases to raise the
individual's khaibit. Shadows well up on the subject's skin
and lash out to constrict his head and quickly wrap around
his body. Within moments, the subject is sealed within a
black, viscous bundle of ectoplasm.

Once surrounded by the khaibit's carapace, the subject
is forced into a trance-like state. The victim cannot act,
move or use any sort of magical powers. However, neither
can be killed while he is subject to Khaibit's Embrace. Rumor
holds that terrible enemies lie cocooned in tunnels beneath
various monuments, held in stasis where they cannot escape
to do harm or be reborn. Other tales suggest that terrible


allies similarly wait to be released when dire circumstances
call for their presence.

This spell takes three turns to complete. A resisting
subject needs only break the mummy's grasp before the
Hekau is finished in order to avoid its effects. Once acti-
vated, Khaibit's Embrace ends when the caster desires it,
when some preset condition is met or when the spell is
removed by a counter-enchantment. Any mummy capable
of casting this Hekau can try to remove it from another at the
same difficulties and costs.

SEVER SOUL

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 6

Sekhem: 3

This spell, which comprises a tugging gesture and a
command, can be used only on a living subject whose soul
has currently ventured out of its body, as with Separate Ka,
Separate Ba or the equivalent vampire or wizard abilities.
The necromancer's player makes an Occult + Necromancy
roll while the target's player rolls Willpower to resist (each
against difficulty 6). If the defender gets more successes,
nothing happens. On a tie, the defender suffers one level of
bashing damage and knows that something is harming the
connection back to his body. If the necromancer's player gets
more successes, the mummy cuts the khu that links a spirit
to its khat.

The body remains in a coma when its spirit is separated,
and it may even wither away and die if it does not receive
assistance by others in the physical world. The adrift soul
functions as appropriate to the power it used to first separate
from its body. However, the link to the living realm has been.
broken, making it possibly quite difficult for the spirit to
return to its body depending on how far into the underworld
it had gone.

The necromancer may attempt to control the spirit with
other Hekau, or simply leave the soul to fumble its way
through Duat in search of its host body. This spell may be cast
from either side of the Shroud.

SIN-EATING
Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Meditation + Necromancy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 2

The priesthood in Egypt ritually removed the sin from
postulants to purify them before they entered the under-
world. Tapping into the dark passions of the khaibit, the
necromancer connects to the subject's base urges and in-
stincts. The subject must describe in detail the focus of some

ih

anger, hatred, jealousy or other powerful negative emotion,
while the mummy repeats the description and substitutes
herself as the subject. "I want to kill my lover," from the
subject becomes, "I want to kill your lover," from the necro-
mancer. In the process, the mummy removes the burden of
the sins and takes them into her own darker half.

Once a mummy consumes the subject's sins, the pas-
sions behind them flow from subject to mummy. The target
no longer feels the intensity of emotion behind his dark
urges. He finds himself quieted, without the desire to per-
form wicked acts. Conversely, the necromancer takes on
those desires. If the mummy acts out those passions, even
symbolically, she regains power. Every time the mummy
takes a significant step toward fulfilling the dark desire —
literally or symbolically — she gets one point of Sekhem or
Willpower (at her player's choice).

Unlike the original subject, the mummy has strong
control over her khaibit and powerful support in her dedica-
tion to Ma'at. (The mummy cannot become a master
necromancer without such strengths.) Therefore, the mummy
consumes the postulant's base urges and redirects them
toward positive ends. The khaibit lends strength, determina-
tion and desire, all of which are harnessed carefully by the
mummy. Unburdened by the baggage of the original subject,
the necromancer can often take a more moderate viewpoint
to the urges and find a better solution for the problems that
may plague the victim, For instance, the mummy may devour
the subject's repressed anger at a lover and turn it into the
motivation to confront the subject directly with the issues at
hand.

Some suggest that Sin-Eating can be used to quell even
the monstrous urges of vampires, malevolent ghosts and the
like, but neither mununies nor the minions of isfret are eager
to test that notion.

LEVEL FIVE NECROMANCY

CALL THE KHAIBIT
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 2

Just as a necromancer can devour the terrible drives of
the khaibit, so too can a skillful mummy release the khaibit
itself. The necromancer recites this Hekau over a dying
individual. Every powerful passion or urge, every virtueless
drive and every act of malice flashes before the victim's
mind's eye. Then, with a wrenching of the soul, the khaibit
separates completely. The subject dies in peace while the
purified and exposed khaibit remains a bestial shadow with
all of the base passions of its former soul. The subject's
essence passes on peacefully without lingering as a ghost,

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTI

WW

patanenspenenstenetatebtdnte Bekele bekrislebebeeel:

ser


while the khaibit remains behind as a dark entity that haunts
the place of death.

The spectre of the khaibit remains at the site where the
Hekau took place. Aside from being trapped at the site, this
dark entity functions in the same manner as a spirit that is
utilizing the Separate Ka spell, although to malicious ends.
(Substitute the capabilities of a Strong Spirit, p. 208.) If left
to its own devices, the spectral form will try to injure or
terrorize the living or steal away and devour sacrifices made
to the decedent.

The khaibit remains subject to necromantic compul-
sion or banishment, so the necromancer may do anything
from trying to destroy the spectre to binding it into service
as a spiritual watchdog.

ENTRAP THE BA

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 9

Sekhem: 3

The mummy's cycle of life and death may be eternal, but
the soul can be waylaid, lost or trapped. A puissant necro-
mancer can build a shackle that draws in and holds the
target's spirit, making resurrection impossible or forcing a
living being into a comatose state.

The necromancer must first craft an object to serve as
the focus for the ba. Typically, a gemstone or talisman of
some sort will do, although a skilled mummy commonly uses
Amulet Hekau to reinforce the ritual. Once the item is built,
the necromancer incants the Hekau while touching the
object to the subject's body. The necromancer's player rolls
Occult + Necromancy while the target's player rolls Will-
power to resist, each against difficulty 9. Success by the
necromancer causes the victim's spirit to come out to of his
body and become chained within the focus.

A trapped spirit remains within the focus, unable to
manifest or travel the underworld. A living creature de-
prived of its soul falls into a coma, while a mummy becomes

of blood or even lock of hair — and endow it with the ability
to act as an alternative vessel for returning to life. The
removed portion must be placed into an appropriate item —
typically a small canopic jar or coffin — and entombed with
inscriptions from the Book of the Dead. Should the
necromancer's body be completely destroyed, she may use
the Heart of Life as her new body during the resurrection roll.
An individual may possess only one working Heart of Life at
any particular time.

PANOPLY OF SHADOW

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Stamina + Necromancy
Difficulty: 9

Sekhem: 20

The supreme student of Necromancy learns to focus not
only the energies of the underworld, but the true depths of
the spiritual void itself. Shaped and controlled properly, the
khaibit's own darkness can absorb and deny nearly any
assault.

Invoking the Panoply of Shadow requires the standard
ritual time. Once readied, it can be unleashed any time
before the next new moon with the utterance ofa single word
that signifies the concept of nothingness. When triggered,
the mummy's khaibit surges forth, enwrapping her body and
soul to defend against mundane and mystical attacks for the
remainder of the scene. Effects that manipulate the mind can
still function — so the mummy can be pe ed, com-
manded or have her energies drained — but no tangible force
can penetrate the panoply. Anyone opposing the necroman-
cer loses one success from his attack roll for every point of the
mummy's Balance rating. Likewise, the necromancer adds
her Balance score to her soak, even against aggravated
damage.

Although many are familiar with the theory behind this
Hekau, few necromancers have attempted to cast it. It
requires accepting the unending strength of the mummy's
soul and the conviction of true Ma'at. It can be hard for even
the most dedicated to truly believe that her own bright

unable to re-enter its cycle of resurrection. The
may return the spirit to its flesh by touching the focus to the
body. Otherwise, the spirit can only use such spells to escape
as might be possible while in spirit form, and it must then
find a way to return to its khat. Typically, the only way to
release the spiritual prisoner is by destroying the object.
HEART OF LIFE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Thanatology + Necromancy
Difficulty: 9
Sekhem: 7

This ritual allows the necromancer to remove some
portion of her body — such as a fingertip, a toe, a vial's worth

existence will continue, even should Apophis consume
eternity. The necromancer's adherence to the principles of
Ma'at shows that a lone individual can strive to rise above
defects of character or weakness of spirit, just as her own
khaibit has been purged and replaced to draw purpose from
the darkness. Only after reaching this epiphany can the
necromancer hope to gain absolute control over the darkest
part of herself.

RESHAPE THE LOST SOUL

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Manipulation + Necromancy

Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: 3

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER

ee

i X iq

ae


Spirits of the dead remain to complete leftover tasks,
and the skilled necromancer can twist their purposes to her
own desires. A mummy could cause a spirit's drives to mirror
her own, or she could remove undesirable passions from the
soul. Doing so takes only a few moments, during which time
the necromancer speaks the soul's name and proceeds to

describe its new directions in conjunction with arcane
commands. Success bends the soul to the necromancer's
whims, altering it permanently.

A wraith manipulated with this Hekau may have its
drives, passions and goals changed completely. The dead
often garner energy by fulfilling old drives as they remain to
complete some task. The necromancer can remove or alter
any of these drives to suit her desires. Every alteration
requires a full turn of incantation and one success on the
casting roll.

Manipulating the motivations of the dead can carry
great repercussions against Ma'at, and some souls may not
want to be changed at the necromancer's whims. The Judges
of Ma'at have been known to change a soul back and then
seek out the necromancer who was bold enough to toy with
their servants.

SCOURING OBLIVION
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Thanatology + Necromancy
Difficulty: 9
Sekhem: 5
Having mastered the manipulation of the dead, the
necromancer becomes able to drive out death's influence. By
tracing protective patterns over a subject's flesh — or ecto-
plasm, in the case of ghosts — during this ritual, che mummy
scours away the marks of death. Injury, disease, poison and
the like all vanish beneath her touch. Typically, the mummy
murmurs the incantations and then draws her hands along
the subject's body. As the necromancer pulls away, the
subjec:
ina visible trail of dripping, excised taint. The mummy then
spreads her hands, and the ichor disperses into nothingness.
Should this Hekau succeed, it restores the target to
maximum health levels at its conclusion. The mummy can
cast this ritual upon herself or on another.

NOMENCLATURE

What is a word, but a name that describes the very
essence of a thing? When speaking a word, one speaks a
concept and defines the purest form of the subject. Egyptian
sorcerers understood the power behind this unfettered knowl-
edge. The ren, or true name, provides not only comprehension
of a subject, but power over it. Just as we answer to our own
names and understand what someone says by their words, so

's wounds close, and poison or disease leaves the body

nat
too does the practitioner of Nomenclature — often referred
to asa scribe or magist — command others through the true
name or unlock the secrets of a subject with its ren.

The magic of true names does not come easily: A true
name must be understood and pronounced with exacting
care. An impatient scribe will find that her improperly
spoken ren fails to have any effect whatsoever. Indeed, even
learning true names can be arduous. The would-be magist
generally must find someone patient and willing to pass on
the knowledge of true names with perfect precision. Since
thousands of true names exist — some a very subtle vowel in
difference from others, and each with a different degree of

scope

mastery comes only slowly and with much effort.

But mummies certainly have the time...

The cla

ation of ren often varies with the subject's

spiritual strength. A simple chunk of stone uses the same true

NAMES

~The names here represent but'a small fraction of
the Egyptian terms known to Nomenclature scribes.

‘THE BODY

Various body parts have generic true names:

Part Name
backbone aat
heart ab
eyes merti
face her
head tep
phallus bah
ANIMALS iad
Common animals answer to these true names:
Part Name ;
ape amhet
cat mau
dog uher
eagle a
elephant ab
hate un
hawk heru
hippopotamus apt
horse sesem
ibis tehuti
lion ma
rat pennu
vulture mut


name as nearly any other block of similar material. Every
granite boulder can be described with one ren, for instance.
Note that true names do not necessarily correspond directly
to specific elements. Rather, they function in terms of the
metaphysical importance of an item. Therefore, "granite"

probably describes several types and grades of granite, but
"ron" and "steel" would be separate true names. Similarly,
different types of animals have ren for their species. Indi-
vidual humans and thinking creatures have unique ren of
varying complexity. A common person who h:
tion or spiritual strength possesses a short and simple ren,
one that can be discerned by unlocking the person's whole
given name and applying the complexities of ren to it
through a few descriptive words of power. A unique,
powerful being such as a brilliant and well-educated indi-
vidual, a potent mystical or a supernatural creature has a
highly complex and unique ren that describes her explicitly.

ittle ambi-

Learning such a true name requires the chore of gathering
detailed information about the subject and translating that
knowledge into the true words that can form the ren.

In the case of a unique personal name, the scribe may
have no way to test the name except by simply using it. The
Storyteller should adjudicate the usefulness of names that a
character garners through book-learning and deduction.
Research rolls (most often Intelligence + Occult, although
Intelligence + Enigmas has its uses) can be helpful here.

Note also that various supernatural creatures have unique
personal names just like individual humans, although such
names are often modified by the supernatural context. There-
fore,a vampire's truc name reflects the fact that the individual
is a bloodsucking fiend. Many supernatural names change
over time (as do some human names) as experience causes
the individual to change. Keeping up with the changes
requires constant study.

ee mat tn

LEARNING TRUE NAMES cs

Discovering a new ren is a demanding undertaking. Usually a scribe who has developed some skill with
i Nomenclature knows a few true names. Three useful names — often one for a type of stone or metal, oney
animal and the ren for the concept of "self" —is,a good start. Learning more names takes time and dedication... =
" : (i.e., experience points). a
To learna true name, the mummy needs only study with an appropriate instructor. The Storyteller might:
Pex award knowledge of a ren as part of a story or simply charge three experience points for each additional name.
E Remember that learning a true name isn't a simple matter of hearing a name once. It's a matter of breaking
x down the name into component words, learning the meaning of each, learning their correct enunciation and
pacing, and then putting them back together into the whole ren. Often doing so means comprehending the
innermost nature of an item or animal. For instance, a mummy can't learn the ren for "armor" unless she also
learns how to make armor. She can't learn the ren for "hawk" unless she studies the hawk and understands
its true nature. i"
Discovering a true name from books or study proves considerably more difficult. A book's guides to
pronunciation are often less exacting than a living instructor, so the mummy must practice, experiment and
compare the word to the materials that she already knows. The following chart provides a benchmark for
various categories: .
True Name Category Requisite
simple animal (dung beetle, cobra) Animal Ken 2+
simple element (sand, granite) Science 2+ r
«* complex animal (ape, cat) Animal Ken 4+ %:
ce complex element (steel, diamond), Science 4+
" simple hand weapon (club, iron mace) Melee 2+ and material requisites
simple projectile weapon (bow, sling) Athletics 2+ and material requisites
‘tomplex hand weapon (steel khopesh, obsidian knife) Melee 4+ and material requisites
» complex projectile weapon (pistol, crossbow) Firearms 2+ and material requisites
personal name Subterfuge 2+
simple supernatural name:(a ghoul, a minor spirit) Occult 2+ oe

ser." Complex supernatural name (a vampire, a mummy) Occult 4+ and personal name requisites
~~

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER

abdvabnanenbatanenindnany

A mummy with Nomenclature knows the various verbs
that are necessary to enact her spells. Those verbs are what the
scribe learns when she unearths the spell to begin with. Learn-
ing the nouns to affect a creature, though, requires the
aforementioned study. Therefore, a mummy who learns Cloud
the Name knows automatically how to use the words of trans-
formation as described in the spell, but he would have to
research and learn the actual name upon which to use the spell.

Also, most Nomenclature only works while the mummy
is alive. The mummy can't, for instance, use Command the
Beast while she is in spirit form. She must pronounce the
actual word from a physical body in order to make the effect
happen. Each Nomenclature ritual requires five minutes per
level of the ritual unless otherwise specified.

LEVEL ONE NOMENCLATURE

ASKING THE TREES
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Survival + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: None

Simple plants — brush, grasses, kelp, trees and the like —
answer to very basic true names. With a correspondingly simple
utterance, the scribe can cause plants to respond to her com-
mand. They can grow rapidly, die off or make simple motions as
the caster orders. Vines or tendrils can be made to entangle a
subject or to hold something up. Trees will wave and bend,
possibly dropping branches or leaning to block a path. Grasses
can cover tracks or part to reveal a trail of passage. Although the
vegetation cannot uproot itself and move about, it will follow
the scribe's orders in all other ways, even slightly beyond the
normal capabilities of such vegetation.

FORGETTING THE STONE
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Science + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 6
Sekhem: 1

Because a name ties to the essential concept of an
element, erasing that name simultaneously erases the sub-
ject. With this simple spell, the scribe utters the name for a
stone or metal, speaks a word describing the specific piece,
and then speaks a phrase that removes it from the Book of
Thoth. That specific piece of stone or metal vanishes from
existence. Each forgetting can affect up to roughly one cubic
yard of material.

FORGETTING THE TREE

Type: Spell

e Pool: Survival + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 6

Sekhem: 1

Just asa scribe can erase an element from existence with
afew well-chosen words, so too can he affect vegetation. The
scribe simply indicates the specific subject ("that oak") and
erases it from existence. Up to a cubic yard of vegetation can
be affected, so the scribe can easily destroy a tree, a door or
asmall garden.

NAME THE SECRET

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Divination + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 6

Sekhem: None

The scribe analyzes the properties of a creature's true name
over the course of hours, days or years and subsequently learns
of hidden characteristics that the name describes. In the case of
a simple piece of rock, this ritual might uncover flaws in the
object. For people or supernatural entities, this ritual typically
helps to unearth various weaknesses, although it might also
reveal hidden strengths or motives.

To study a specific piece of vegetation or an element,
the scribe needs only put in an hour of study. Working out
the connections of an animal name or a simple personal
name for a normal human takes a day. Delving into a true
name fora supernatural entity ora metaphysical concept (for
instance, the word describing a specific spell) will take
months or years of research, at the Storyteller's discretion.
Should the mummy succeed, she garners some sort of useful
information. If she is looking for weaknesses, the scribe
unearths the subject's weakest aspect or trait (such as a
serious Flaw, a very low Attribute or some other such
information). If she is looking for hidden strengths, the
mummy can discern the subject's Willpower rating or un-
earth one power that the subject hasn't exhibited (perhaps
a rare spell or innate but uncommon supernatural ability).

NAMING THE WARNING
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Animal Ken + Nomenclature

Difficulty: Special
Sekhem: None

A scribe holds power over anything whose ren she
knows. By stating a creature's true name, the magist warns it
away by demonstrating her power. An animal affected by
this utterance generally flees as best it is able, but it may fight
if it is cornered. A scribe may instead use this spell as a sort
of binding, demanding the animal's subservience. In such
cases, the animal presses close to the mummy, staying as near
as possible, terrified that the scribe may do something to it.

Affecting a simple, common animal proves easier than
affecting supernaturally controlled animals or animal forms
of paranormal entities. If some other magist is already influ-
encing an animal, the scribe finds the ren harder to exert.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


et,

She must back up her command with authority. Similarly,
although a werewolf in its wolf form recognizes the power of
the ren for a wolf, it is not truly a wolf, so cowing it with this
spell is very difficult. Unique, intelligent animals have their
own individual ren, and they are not affected by this spell.

Difficulty Animal

6 common animal

8 supernaturally influenced animal
10 animal form of supernatural entity
LEVEL TWO NOMENCLATURE
BECOMING THE STONE

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Science + Nomenclature

Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: |

Tra ansforming oneself into a mineral proves simple when one
ion. The magist

simply speaks the word of self, the word of transformation and the

word of a desired metal or mineral, and he tums into the specified

substance over the course of the ritual. The resultant mineral or

metal has whatever simple form the mummy desires, although she

must transform her whole body. The scribe retains her senses and

thought processes while she is in stone form, butshe is limited tothe

stone's capabilities. That is, she's neither very mobile nor talkative.

Ifthestoneisinasuitableshape, the magist can nudge herselfenough

to wobble asa boulder or set small rocks in motion down a hill, but

With just the name ofa plant and a word to her own body,
the scribe takes the form of a specific type of living vegetation.
Most mummies who use this spell take the form of a tree,
although the mummy might transform into a field of grass or
even a stand of seaweed. The magist's transformation occurs
over the length of the ritual's duration. During this time, the
mummy shifts into the new form or disperses over the area ina
startling display as her body sinks into the ground and plants
spring up. The ritual remains in effect for the scene. The player
may spend one Sekhem to increase the duration another scene
or roll Willpower to end its effects at any time. (Transforming
back takes the mummy only one minute.)

While she is in plant form, the mummy enjoys the
obvious advantages of the shape. Inflicting severe damage on
a field of grass may be difficult without starting an extensive
brush fire, and a kelp bed or patch of moss can easily survive
underwater. The scribe retains the ability to think and to
sense her surroundings, even without any obvious sensory
organs. However, the magist is limited by the form's physical
constraints. A tree can't uproot itself and walk around, for
instance, nor can the mummy speak to channel Hekau. The
mummy can exert very limited physical motion — enough to
make s wave or plants twist slowly.

The plant form generally has the same Stamina and
health levels as the caster. A wounded mummy becomes a
damaged tree, while a mummy with high Stamina could turn
into a tough ironwood or a field of particularly recalcitrant
crabgrass. Should the vegetation suffer injury, the mummy
takes the c i injury. Therefore, cutting down a tree

that'saboutit.On the bonusside, isunlikely
tothink thata field of pebbleshas anything to dowith the mummy,
and the transformed scribe has Stamina 6 and no need for air.
Destroying the mummy requires that the stone or metal to be rent
asunder and spread apart, which is typically not an easy task.

The number of successes one rolls indicates the degree
of detail that is possible with the change. One success allows
the scribe to become a rough-hewn rock or pile of stones.
Three successes allows for a collection of cut gemstones. Five
successes allows for a few tempered swords or a suit of armor.
A clever mummy might disperse into a fine dust or into
valuable jewels and then make an escape by being swept into
an air conditioning duct as a cloud of dust or carried by a
greedy collector!

Transformation lasts for one scene. The player can
spend one Sekhem to extend this an additional scene or roll
Willpower to end its effects. Transforming back to the
mummy's original state takes only one minute.

BECOMING THE TREE

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Survival + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 7

Sckhem: 1

probably cuts the mummy in half (and kills her), but destroy-
ing a field of subsoil mushrooms requires a bulldozer.

CLOUD THE NAME

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Divination + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: None

Over the course of an hour, the mummy studies and dissects
a given unique personal ren. She then joins the word of
transformation to the ren and causes the name to change. The
scribe cannot predict the specific result since the transforma-
tion can take any number of forms. In many cases, the subject
undergoes a small shift in personality or fortunes. Such a result
is not guaranteed, though, nor is there any way to specify the
nature of such a change, if one does happen.

In the end, the ritual does cause the name to shift into
something else, which means that anyone who hopes to exert
power over the subject individual must relearn the subject's
name in its new form. The mummy could even cloud her own
true name, and she would not necessarily know what her name
has become!

CHAPTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER


COMMAND THE BEAST

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Animal Ken + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 7

Sekhem: |

The scribe speaks an animal's true name, then follows it
with a word of command that binds the creature to her. The
creature then follows the mummy's verbal commands for the
scene. Although the animal may not understand language,
it gathers the scribe's intent through the power of words and
acts accordingly. Even so, most animals simply don't have
the intelligence to follow complex commands, and they will
mill about in confusion if the directive isn't sufficiently
simple. The magist may relinquish control at any time, after
which the animal probably flees, or she can use an additional
Sekhem to extend the duration for another scene.

A creature that is already under the control of another
supernatural entity — say, by another mummy — does not
respond so easily. The mummy and the other controller
engage in a resisted Willpower roll, with the victor taking
control of the animal.

MEND FLESH.
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Medicine + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 5
Sekhem: |

The mummy speaks the ren of flesh and a word of
mending or healing. The subject immediately heals a num-
ber of bashing or lethal health levels equal to the successes
scored on the effect, or one-half that number (rounded
down) in aggravated wounds. The mummy can use this effect
onanyone in her direct line of sight. However, the ritual has
no effect upon unliving subjects. Only true, living flesh can
be mended thus.

LEVEL THREE NOMENCLATURE

BECOME ANIMAL
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Animal Ken + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 8
Sekhem: 2

As with simpler rituals such as Becoming the Tree, the
mummy speaks a word of self, a word of transformation and
the ren of an animal. Over the course of the ritual, she shifts
into the form of that animal. The scribe must know the true
name for the specific type of animal she wants to become.
Mythical beasts also have ren, although these ren are very
rare and difficult to learn in the modern era. The magist
retains the use of her own thinking capabilities, but she has

eee
the animal's physical abilities and senses. She can sense heat
patterns as a pit viper, feel electrical and magnetic fields as
a shark, speak other Hekau as a parrot and so on.

The scribe's skill is such that she can remain in animal
form indefinitely — although she runs the risk of losing her
psyche in the animal form. Afterall, byinvoking the animal's
true name, the mummy has literally truly become the animal.
The magist can remain in animal form safely for a number of
days equal to her Balance rating. After that, the player rolls
Willpower (difficulty of number of days in animal form) each
sunrise. A failed roll reduces the mummy's Mental At-
tributes, Skills and Knowledges by one point. Once this
descent begins (that is, after the first failed Willpower roll),
the mummy's soul and psyche have been too deeply sub-
sumed, which makes it difficult for her to leave animal form.
The player can make one Willpower roll (difficulty 9) each
new moon for the character to shift back into her natural
form. Success snaps the mummy back into her normal shape
within a minute and restores her mental faculties.

Unlike most Nomenclature spells, the scribe can use
this spell in the underworld. In such a case, the mummy's
spirit takes on the appearance of the animal shape.

COMMAND THOUGHT

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Manipulation + Nomenclature
Difficulty: target's Willpower

Sekhem: 2

Just as a scribe can command animals with her knowl-
edge of their ren and the words of binding, so too can a
mummy draw ona unique name to compel a thinking being.
Such true names are more complex, so they are harder to
affect. With success, though, the magist chains the subject to
her will. Her verbal commands become orders that the
subject must carry out.

Because self-willed creatures have a strong preservation
instinct and sense of volition, the subject's player can roll
Willpower (difficulty 8) to try to break free if the mummy
commands the subject to do something that is obviously
suicidal or that violates his Nature. Therefore, commanding
a murderer to kill someone is fairly simple, but commanding
someone with a Caregiver Nature to do the same is consid-
erably more difficult.

Unlike commanding a beast, command of a thinking
being lasts for only a short time. Each success that the scribe's
player scores on the casting grants one turn of command.

¢ mummy must reinforce her commands by recasting the
spell if she wishes to exert long-term command. Should the
subject be in the midst of an action when the spell lapses, he
remains under no compulsion to complete it.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


NAME OF HEKAU.

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Occult + Nomenclature
Difficulty: target Hekau level
Sekhem: 1 + target Hekau's cost

Veasaulensct hk d ingsofmagic
— the names for magic and spells themselves. With such
knowledge, the mummy can command other Hekau and de-
stroy them, simply by causing the universe to forget the effect's
existence. The mummy can learn the true name for any Hekau
that she knows. Each individual power has its own ren. Even a
more powerful version of a lower-level spell has a distinct name
from its weaker cousin. Learning a different ren (or one for a
different sort of supernatural power) proves more difficult and
increases the chances to fail this incantation by increasing the
difficulty by two. In theory, though, a scribe could learn the ren
to counter nearly any supernatural phenomenon.

To use this spell, the magist speaks the ren for the targeted
effect, a word indicating the specific target and the word of
forgetting. The player then rolls Occult + Nomenclature against
a difficulty equal to the targeted spell's level + 3. Successes on
this roll reduce the successes (or equivalent) of the targeted
effect. Therefore, a casting of Becoming the Tree that scored
five successes would be damaged but not countered if the N:
of Hekau roll scored only three successe
three success:

ame
. Similarly, scoring
s against a vampire's five levels of Potence would
simply reduce the vampire to two levels of Potence for one turn.

If the targeted spell's successes decrease to zero, the effect
iscanceled instantly. However, Name the = Hekancannot counts 17
aspell that occurs in an instant but leaves
Flesh is active for only a few seconds, but the resultant healing
is natural. Becoming the Tree could be cancelled since it is a
sustained effect, causing the target to resume his normal shape.
If a negated power is normally constant (like a vampire's
Potence), then its effects are suppressed for three turns.

The cost of this Hekau adds the targeted spell's own
Sekhem cost. For other supernatural powers that don't have
explicit Sekhem, add the cost as appropriate to that style of
magic and convert it all to Sekhem. Therefore, a power that
costs two vampiric blood points and a temporary Willpower
point costs the mummy her base one Sekhem, plus another
three Sekhem. Ifthe mummy wishes to revoke aspell ofherown
that she cannot overcome normally (such as Become Animal),
this spell may do so automatically at a cost of one Sekhem,
provided that the mummy can speak the incantation.

‘WHISPERS TO THE HEART

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Manipulation + Nomenclature
Difficulty: target's Willpower

Sekhem: 1

CHARTER FOUR: WORDS OF POWER:

The mummy ce at a target anid whispers a single
word, and the subject is suddenly overcome with emotion.
"Emotion" in this sense refers to non-rational feelings that
spring up. Some appropriate examples include fear, hate,
anger, lust, longing, compassion, sympathy, love, hope,

trust, ambivalence, boredom or The
mummy might whisper the ren of terror forcing the victim to
flee or collapse into a quivering heap. Perhaps the mummy
might whisper the ren for hope and thus fortify the subject
with new strength.

Each emotion has a separate true name that the mummy
must learn. Once invoked, the spell floods the subject with
the emotion in question. The subject typically experiences
asudden spike of the emotion for one turn, which peters out
over the next minute. However, the mummy can maintain
the emotion by spending a point of Sekhem every minute.

Whispers to the Heart can counter various forms of
supernatural persuasion. The mummy might grant courage
to someone who has been terrified with a supernatural
power, or grant hate to someone who has been made to
unnaturally love a subject.

The mummy may use this spell on herself, if she desires.
This spell affects only living beings, so ghosts cannot be
strengthened directly by its use.

LEVEL FOUR NOMENCLATURE

ENSLAVE
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Manipulation + Nomenclature
Difficulty: target's Willpower
Sekhem: 3

With achain made of words, the mummy turnsa living victim
intoherabject servant for one day persuccess scored on the roll. The
subject becomes a virtual slave, who is completely devoted to the
scribeand ial pelled to obey her. The subject b
suicidal commands orones: esthatrun counter to her best interestsand
morals (although the subject may agonize over them fora time). As
with other commanding spells, the mummy must order the subject
verbally. Commands aside, the victim feels a strong desire to see to
the magist's welfare, and he may sometimes take actions on his own

just to advance the mummy's interests.

The subject returns to normal (with complete recollection of
events) once the effect wears off. He does not know automatically
thatthecompul: gical, though. Hesimply hatthe
mummy somehow held influence over him. The victim might
believe that he was temporarily insane, possessed, drugged, simply
ir J or otherwise infl J. Generally, a 1 subject
will likely tum on the mummy, regardless of his rationalizations for
what happened.

Acompulsion of this nature works only upon the living.

spat

wwe "a


: f is
FORTIFY FLESH
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Stamina + Nomenclature
Difficult
Sekhem: 2

The caster speaks a quick incantation to give the subject's
flesh the consistency and hardness of stone. Her skin does
not change visibly, but her skin is firm to the touch and
resistant to cuts or strong blows. Her tissue remains resilient,
although it provides a soak pool equal to the successes rolled
for the Hekau. This defense works against all forms of attack,
even those that inflict aggravated damage, and it lasts until
sunrise or sunset, whichever comes first.

Note thatthe mummy cannot revoke this spell voluntarily.
If the subject needs to cut or pierce her flesh for some magical
or medical purpose, she must overcome the armor soak. This
incantation functions only on a living physical body.

NAMING THE BODY'S DESTRUCTION
Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Medicine + Nomenclature

Sekhem: Special

Although individuals have unique true names, a generic
ren describes each part of the body. Naming the Body's
Destruction allows the mummy to speak one of those ren,

ii

d with a word of ion and a word of forget-
ting, to wither and erase a part of a body. The difficulty and
Sekhem cost varies by the organ named:

¢ Trivial loss (difficulty 7, Sekhem 2): This loss causes
asingle level of aggravated damage, but it is not fatal unless
the victim is already near death. Such an organ includes an
ear, an eye, a hand, a kneecap or the like.

© Serious loss (difficulty 8, Sekhem 3): This loss
causes three levels of aggravated damage, and it may prove
fatal in a short time. The victim loses a lung, kidney,
appendix, intestine or other major chunk of organ tissue.
Each turn until the victim receives medical attention, the
subject's player must succeed on a Stamina roll (difficulty 8).
On a failure, the victim suffers a level of lethal damage due
to the body's inability to function without the organ's
presence. Even after medical assistance, the victim may have
lost too serious an organ to survive unless a miracle (or
powerful healing magic) occurs.

© Critical loss (difficulty 9, Sekhem 5): This loss
inflicts seven levels of aggravated damage, and it almost
certainly causes instant death as the victim loses his heart or
his brain. If the subject survives the initial damage by some
miracle, he must check for additional damage as with the
serious loss.

The damage inflicted is considered aggravated, but it
may be soaked with a Stamina roll (difficulty 9). This rule

ile

supersedes the normal soak rules. Since the spell vanishes an
organ directly, the damage bypasses armor and mystical
shields that aren't designed specifically to stop spells. Fur-
thermore, the loss leaves no wound. It's as if the body part
was never there. This effect can reduce the victim's Appear-
ance, and it may have more pronounced side effects. A
victim without eyes is blinded, for instance, while losing a
kneecap leaves the subject unable to stand.

Certain subjects might not be severely crippled by this
spell. A vampire can probably function without a liver, and
a jellyfish has no brain to speak of. In such cases, the wound
is considered only serious or trivial, as adjudicated by the
Storyteller. Also, note that this spell functions only on
physical bodies, not on spirits.

SPEAKING ALL NAMES
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Linguistics + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 1

Through a ritual incantation and the study of a specific
language, the mummy familiarizes herself with the essence of
names from that language. Because ren offer insight into the
true nature of all things, at least a little essence of each true
name lies in every word of every language. From these
common points, the mummy can build a rudimentary under-
standing of other languages.

Speaking All Names is no panacea that allows immedi-
ate and total comprehension of a language, though. The
mummy must have a sufficiently large sample upon which to
work the ritual (generally about 50 words or more). The
normal ritual casting time might take longer for complex,
alien or dead languages. Each success gives the mummy
partial comprehension of the language. One success pro-
vides enough understanding of very basic words and phrases.
Three successes gives enough to carry ona simple conversa-
tion, and five successes gives passable fluency. Translations
may be garbled and incomplete, but the mummy usually gets
the gist of what's being spoken or written.

Note that with this spell the mummy always compre-
hends the individual linguistic version of any ren that she
already knows. That is, if the mummy knows the ren for lion,
then she can always figure out the word for lion in another
language with this spell.

LEVEL FIVE NOMENCLATURE

FORGETTING THE PERSON

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Manipulation + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 9

Sekhem: 30

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

DIbdDeR MURAD Rana

WV


Perhaps the single most destructive ritual known, this
incantation allows the mummy to speak a person's true
name, then erase it from the Book of Thoth — thereby
making it as if that individual never existed. The subject
vanishes, and all record of him goes as well. Even those who
were close to the subject have only faded memories that they
can recall only with extreme effort.

Performing this ritual heavily disrupts the order of the
universe and reduces the scribe's Balance rating perma-
nently by one dot. To date no Nomenclature magist has
succeeded in reversing the effects of this ritual.

PTAH'S WORD

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Manipulation + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 9

Sekhem: 8

According to some myths, the tiny Egyptian deity Ptah
created the universe with the utterance of a single word.
While such a feat may be beyond the Reborn, the creative
power of words remains within the grasp of a skilled mummy.

The scribe speaks the true name of any inanimate object
of no greater mass than the mummy. The item is instantly
created in some space touching the mummy — be it in hand,
underfoot or in some other fashion beside her as long as it
would not materialize inside something or someone else.
The item doesn't just materialize or coalesce, though. One
moment there's nothing, the next moment it's there as if it
always had been. As such, the item can't be dispelled as a
summoned object otherwise could be.

Creating a specialized item requires that the magist
know about the item in question. A mummy can't learn the
ten for "scimitar" without also knowing how to make a
scimitar. Many modern items remain unclassified, and a
mummy would need extensive research to unearth the true
name for a computer, automatic pistol or similar object.

‘WHISPERS TO THE BODY
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Manipulation + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 7
Sekhem: 5
The mummy must speak the ren of self followed by a
transformation phrase to whatever form she desires. As she

speaks, so her body follows. As long as the scribe can speak
the terms of what she wants her body to do, she can reshape
herself with a | Manipulation + N lature roll.
The mummy can stretch, compress or otherwise alter her
shape. She can do anything from turning into a puddle of
liquid to taking on the semblance of another person. The
varieties are limited only by the imagination, and they last
for the scene.

If the scribe uses this spell for combat, she gains three
extra soak against any kinetic attack as her flesh instinc-
tively parts or twists away from attacks, bounces back or just
lets bullets and knives pass right through. The mummy can
similarly shape her limbs into spikes, blades or other simple
designs, inflicting an additional die of lethal damage in
hand-to-hand combat.

Should the scribe's body actually be separated into
discrete portions, the mummy risks serious damage. The
body can flow and warp, but if it's torn apart, the conse-
quences are bloody. Use the guidelines for Naming the
Body's Destruction.

This spell does function in the underworld, allowing the
mummy to reshape the stuff of her soul as desired.

‘WORD OF AUTHORITY

Type: Spell

Dice Pool: Manipulation + Nomenclature
Difficulty: 8

Sekhem: 4

The mummy speaks the true word for self followed by
that of authority, thereby gaining the majestic command of
Pharaohs. Immediately after incanting the spell, the mummy
speaks one sentence. Anyone who hears and understands
the sentence must obey to the best of his ability. The Word
of Authority guarantees unhesitating compliance.

As long as the command isa single sentence that may be
executed immediately, the mummy can order a group, an
individual, people she can't even see — anyone in earshot is
a potential servant. The mummy can be as specific and
complex as she desires, although the command requires
immediate action. The magist must order people to do
something, however. She cannot implant a contingent com-
mand. As with lesser commands, an order that is
self-destructive or which violates the subject's inner Nature
allows the subject's player to roll Willpower in order to resist

(difficulty 8).

CHAPTER FOUR: ahaa OF POWER:


My family would | gasp in shock to see me now. Once, 1 was the proper woman, \
paying deference to men, chaste beneath layers of fabric. Now 1 treat menas their

behavior and accomplishments dictate — as equals, and often much less than ‘'
that. 'I-dress according to my whims and style my hair to suit the fashion of the
moment. %

The vigor from my ancient soul gives me the strength of confidence and
independence, the insight to see what matters and what is worthless. Tt is the same
strength 1 drew upon to enter into the lair of the enemy. With the skills that 1
learned in the time'since my rebirth, it was a matter of simplicity to gain
employment at the Metcalf Clinic. We suspected that the agents of Apophis had
ie their tendrils to encompass this place, yet certainty was reqistred before

\ the justice of Ma'at could be unleashed. -
‘Confidence I had in plenty, but I must admit' that my attempt at stealth was
"not what tt could have been. Although 1 quickly established a habit of workin
fate intheir remarkable laboratories, 1 Gat no explanation to give the guards wh
discovered me in a restricted zone with damning company secrets in hand.
Tam sure they were surprised that 1 had not registered on the room's sensors.
But then, they did not know of the benefit that the Veil of Amaunet bestowed. °
| upon me. 1 must grant that the guards were well trained. Despite their comical
Surprise, they triggered alarms and. advanced with alacrity, shouting for my
surrender. :
Were 1 still that cowed daughter of Allah, 1would have fallen to my knees and
usher mercy. However, 1am no longer that mewling thing. 1ama child of Osiris
jand a daughter of Isis, and 1am possessed of the wisdom of Ma'at.

ei glass baubles flung to the ground unleashed the darkness of Nuit. The
0

cloud of smoke baffled my would-be captors long enough for me to dash a vial of
cobra's spit against the exterior wall. ‘As the durable concrete sizzled and ran, 1
swallowed the tears, of Sobek. The might of the crocodile god, flowed through me,
giving me the strength to rend the wall asunder and make my escape into the
night. With me 1 took the nee of our people that the directors am clinic
had gathered covertly for study. The secrets of the ancients will not be theirs to
discover... - as ;

Gallin, as twas to escape in such amateurish fashion, T have discovered much
of the'evil-that infests that place. Though the scale of its offenses is beyond my
meager talents to redress athe with the aid of fellow warriors of Ma'at we shall
lew Apophis' grip upon this fair land, The humiliation of exposure that they
suffered at my hands is but a candle to the shining might of Ra that will be our
retribution upon them. d ; :


pe

(CL

4Zer

LSYE.

THERE IS NO CURE FOR BIRTH AND DEATH
SAVE TO ENJOY THE INTERVAL

—GEORGE SANTAYANA

Mummies are unique in the World of Darkness. They
are immortal, yet they can be killed. They are as vulnerable
as any mortal, yet they wield the power of gods. They are
creatures of vibrant life, yet they traverse the depths of the
spirit worlds.

This duality is further echoed in the Scales of Ma'at. Some
might even say that the duality finds its source there since the

balance. N are not forces for good so
much as champions of justice. The World of Darkness has
suffered much at the hands of the forces of the Corrupter. It has
slid into decay and corruption past the point of acceptability,
which makes the Amenti warriors of retribution, determined to
drive back Apophis and its vil
must remain in balance. Much appreciated as mummies are
currently by those who know the role they play, the Amenti may
not be as welcome when the side of light gains advantage over
the darkness of Apophis.

After all, death is the balance of life.

MAINTAINING A BALANCE

Walking the line of Ma'at can be tough for a mortal
bonded to an ancient spirit, not to mention someone who's
looking for a little escapist fun in a roleplaying game.
Mummy: The Resurrection deals with some heavy con-
cepts, but it is still a game. You've already gone through a lot

ions. However, the univer

of background as well as some exciting information on the
types of Amenti and the incredible powers they wield. This
chapter digs into the nuts and bolts of the Amenti and their
world — the rules of being a mummy, if you will.

As mentioned before, although Mummy is intended as a
comprehensive sourcebook, it is not a stand-alone game.
You'll need to reference a White Wolf core rulebook to get
the full details on dice rolling, combat and the like. Vampire:
The Masquerade is the primary reference used throughout
this book, but any other core game from Mage: The Ascen-
sion to Hunter: The Reckoning will do the trick.

LIFE AS THE UNDYING

Unlike vampires or the walking dead, mummies are truly
alive; they've been restored to everlasting life by the Great
Rite. They enjoy many of the benefits and the limitations of
mortal life. They have to eat, sleep and breathe like mortals
do, and their khat suffers when they fail to do so.

Mummies tend to have greater stamina than their mor-
tal counterparts. Some Reborn have superhuman levels of
stamina, in fact. They can use Hekau to ignore many mortal
needs, when necessary. However, the Reborn prefer to savor
life's pleasures most of the time, which includes good food,
drink and companionship. Only those who have experienced
death first-hand can appreciate all that life has to offer them.

MUNIN THE RESURRECTION

stabatdbdtcbansbanenananepanenendhehe

YW ww YY


Mummies retain their general physical appearance as of
the end of the Second Life. Thanks to the gift of the Spell of
Life, the Amenti do not age or suffer from any of the effects
of aging after rebirth, regardless of the maturity of their khat.
The only exception to this rule occurs when a tem-akh
chooses a child to become one of the Reborn — which is a
decidedly uncommon occurrence even by mummy stan-
dards. These children continue to grow in the Third Life
until they reach physical maturity, whereupon they stop
aging altogether. Even mortals who become mummies at a
relatively advanced age have the vigor and vitality of young
adults. More than one foolish enemy has underestimated a
mummy based on its apparent age.

SEX

Mummies can and do have sex with mortals. They are
also capable of siting offspring or becoming pregnant. The
children of the Undying and mortal partners (or even of two
of the Undying) are normal mortals. They may be prone to
having certain Merits — Acute Senses, Common Sense,
Iron Will, Medium, Lucky — or show the potential for
sorcery (see Sorcerer Revised Edition for more details). But
otherwise, the children look like any other mortals born into
the World of Darkness.

Despite the ability to reproduce, most mummies tend
avoid such familial entanglements. After all, they would be
forced to watch their mortal spouse and/ or their children
grow old, wither and die while they remained eternally vital.

PERCEPTION

As immortal beings infused with new spirit, mummies
have unique sensory abilities that extend beyond the mun-
dane. Mummies with the Awareness Ability can sense
mystical energies and events. Additionally, all mummies
have two other senses:

* Insight: Strongly attuned to the energies of life as

are, they gain a hei: d perception of others.

With a Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 9), a living
mummy can pick up strong i ions, be they

hidden flaws or minute weaknesses. The character may sen
use this information to aid in mending or exploiting the
imperfection. Each success on the deathsight roll provides
the player with another die that he may use in rolls against
that target for the scene.

DRUGS AND ADDICTION

Mummies can enjoy and suffer from the effects of drugs
just like mortals do. The Amenti can benefit from their
medicinal uses and enjoy the recreational effects, but con-

healthier elements of life — is considered an offense against
Ma'at. This fact may cause problems for a mummy sybarite
who becomes too caught up in the pleasures of decadence.

Overuse of nearly any drug can prove addictive, al-
though the definition of "overuse" varies depending on the
nature of the drug. A drug can be physically or psychologi-
cally addictive (or both), When the Storyteller feels that a
character is in danger of becoming addicted, the player must
spend a point of temporary Willpower and make a Will-
power roll (difficulty 6) to keep his character from getting
hooked. Each time the character abuses the substance there-
after, the Willpower roll's difficulty increases by one.

Once addicted, a character must spend a point of tem-
porary Willpower to resist the urge to use that drug when the
opportunity presents itself. This expenditure remains in
effect for one scene. Each day the character goes without
satisfying the addiction, his actions suffer a +1 difficulty
penalty. This penalty is cumulative, but it applies only to
things that require some effort on the character's part, not to
involuntary actions like soak rolls. An addicted character
with zero temporary Willpower who's presented with an
opportunity to indulge will always do so.

The character can kick the habit by going for at least a
month without using the drug at all. In addition, the player
must make three Willpower rolls (difficulty 10) or spend one
permanent Willpower. A failed roll leaves the character
addicted, while a botched roll pushes the character into a
binge that gets him using again. A cautious player spends the

between two people or coming from z gle individual. This
insight can also sense particular emotions if the mummy so
desires. He might check a crowd for whoever feels the
greatest fear or guilt, for example. Insight registers only
powerful emotion, although sensing apathy can sometimes
be useful in itself.

© Deathsight: When they take on their spirit forms,
mummies trade their insight for the ability to see death in all
its forms. With a Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 8),
the mummy spirit can sense signs of illness, frailty or impend-
ing death ina living subject. By focusing on a target for three
successive turns prior to the roll, a mummy can detect

P Willpower to ensure that the monkey is off his
character's back. If the character ever uses that drug again,
the Willpower roll to avoid addictions starts out at difficulty
7 rather than 6.

A mummy's player may add his character's Balance
rating to Willpower rolls to resist the temptation to abuse
drugs and to kick the habit if he ever becomes addicted.
However, aside from the constraints listed previously, abus-
ing drugs may also result in reducing the character's Balance,
which signifies an erosion of the character's will and devo-
tion to universal balance.

CHAPTER FIVE THE SCALES THAT WEIGH


POISON AND DISEASE

The khat of the Reborn is as vulnerable to toxins and
illness as that of a mortal, but the mummy is fortunate
enough to be able to return to life after succumbing to poison
or disease. In general, toxins and illnesses inflict bashing
damage, but particularly deadly ones do lethal damage. Only
poisons created by Alchemy (or from similar supernatural
sources) can inflict aggravated damage on mummies.

Every poison and disease has a toxin rating that indi-
cates the level of damage it inflicts. Each example on the
accompanying chart indicates whether the damage is bash-
ing (B) or lethal (L). The time frame of applying the damage
depends on the circumstances and the Storyteller's preroga-
tive. A lower toxin rating may be applied once every few
minutes, while a higher toxin rating is typically applied once
each turn.

This damage may be soaked as appropriate. Mummies
can benefit from mundane medical treatment as would any
mortal. In addition, some mummies have an extraordinary
resistance to disease and poisons (see Merits and Flaws, p.
68). Hekau is also useful in treating nearly all forms of disease
and poison.

Toxin Poison Disease
Rating
1 alcohol (B), cocaine (B) cold (B)
2 food poisoning (B) chicken pox (B),
methanol (L) measles (L)
3 ptomaine (B) influenza (B),
pneumonia (L)
4 ammonia (L) tuberculosis (L)
5 bleach (L) AIDS, cancer (L)
6 strong acids/bases (L) black plague (L)
iw cyanide (L) Ebola (L)
FIRE
Fire inflict: dd: on just as it does
‘character. Unlike h al beings

—such as vampires — mummies aren't any more susceptible to
fire than any other form of damage. The Amenti are perfectly
capable of wielding fire as a weapon against enemies who are at
least as vulnerable to it as they are.

Fire in the physical world has no effect on a mummy's
spirit unless he has manifested in the Lands of the Living.

DAMAGE AND HEALING

Although a mummy is largely spared the touch of death,
one can still suffer damage and injury just like a mortal does.
A mummy can soak bashing and lethal damage using his
Stamina, plus any bonuses granted to him by armor, Hekau
and his natural Amenti talents.

A mummy recovers from lethal damage more quickly
than his mortal counterparts do. A mummy uses the chart for
mortals' healing times (Vampire, p. 219), but the player
treats the character's current health level as one level better
for purposes of healing. Therefore, a mummy who's taken
enough lethal damage to put him at the Maimed health level
recovers to Injured in a one month and one week rather than
three months, and he goes from Injured to Hurt in three days
rather than a week. An Amenti recovers lethal damage from
his Bruised health level in 12 hours rather than a day.

Moreover, a mummy who is tending to an injured
mortal can share the benefits of his strong life force. By
providing constant care and attention, the Amenti effec:
tively raises the mortal's rate to heal lethal damage by one
level, equivalent to the mummy's own healing ability.

Amummycannotsoak aggravated damage with Stamina.
He can do so only through the use of Hekau. He takes
aggravated damage from supernatural sources like the fangs
ofa vampire or claws of a werewolf, from fire and from certain
Hekau spells and other mystic attacks. The Amenti recuper-
ates from aggravated damage at the normal mortal rate.

A mummy can use Hekau to recover from injury very
quickly, Virtually every path lists some form of healing magic.

DEATH

A mummy who falls below Incapacitated dies like any
mortal. Unlike a mortal, however, each mummy has an
additional five health levels beyond Incapacitated. These
levels represent the condition of the khat, the mummy's
mortal body, after death. If a mummy suffers enough health
levels of damage to plunge his health past Incapacitated,
keep track of the additional damage. That number deter-
mines how difficult it is to restore the mummy's body to
complete health upon his resurrection.

Mummy Health Level Description

Broken/Scorched Extremities mangled, soft tissue
loss, serious burns.
Crushed/Burned Numerous broken bones, signifi-

cant internal organ damage.
Dismembered/Incinerated Pulpedormissinglimbs, tom apart,
massive third-degree burns.

Pulverized/Cremated Entire body crushed, mangled or
burnt, or total loss of flesh (re-
duced to little more than a
skeleton).

Dust/Ash Reduced to dust, ash ora fine red
mist.

TRUE DEATH

It is not normally possible for a mummy to drop below
the Dust khat level, regardless of how much damage is


inflicted. Certain very powerful effects (equivalenttonuclear created by the Spell of Life and destroys a mummy utterly.
blast in intensity) can truly disintegrate a No one who claims to know how to make it has
mummy, leaving nothing but stray atoms made himself known.
behind. In this case, the mummy's khat © Self-destruction: A mummy has
is destroyed, leaving the mummy the power to end his own immortal
trapped in the underworld. existence, Osiris does not force eter-
Clearly, it takes something of nal life on anyone. A mummy who
singular power to wipe a commits suicide is considered to
mummy from existence per- have no will to live, regardless of
manently. In the end, only his permanent Willpower rating.
the following few things can The mummy must intend to die
kill the Undying permanently: truly and permanently. Suicidal
* No will to live: A acts that a mummy performs for
mummy reduced to zero per- other reasons (such as tackling a
manent Willpower (through horrific servant of Apophis over
multiple resurrections or other the edge of a cliff so that the
mummy's friends may escape the
monster) do not end the mummy's
existence.

means) is destroyed. The spirit
loses the will toexist and fades
into oblivion, while the khat

turns to dust. * Imprisoned khat: Clever

1 foes can inhibit a mummy's abil-
4 ity toresurrect by placing his khat
somewhere in which it is damaged
continually —such as the heart of

© Magic: Certain Hekau
spells and rituals (particularly
Forgetting the Person, p. 130)
can destroy the Amenti per-
manently by erasing his body
and soul from existence. Such

an active volcano — thereby pre-
venting the mummy for ever fully
recovering. This tactic does not
bring about true oblivion, how-
ever, and it still permits the
Undying to roam Duat in search
of a solution to the problem. A
mummy witha sufficient Ka Back-
ground may find that fate
intervenes to free his khat from
imprisonment, given time.

THE DEATH CYCLE

Death is typically only a tem-
porary condition for the Undying.
After a mummy dies, his spirit
dwells in the underworld, going
through the process of regaining
the energy that restores his khat
and allows him to return to life.
The amount of time it takes to do
so is based on the mummy's Ba
Background (see p. 64). A mummy
can do quite a bit in Duat in the mean.
time. Depending on the Storyteller's
plans and the players' desires, you may
wish to play out your character's time in the
underworld. Refer to "Death as

magic is rare and powerful in
the extreme. If you choose to
draw from Mage: The Ascen-
sion, a wizard can destroy a
mummy usinga Prime 5/Spirit
5 Effect to erase the mummy's

pattern from the Tapestry.
Such an Effect is always con-
sidered vulgar, however. (See
Mage for more information.)

© Complete atomic dis-
integration: About the only
non-magical way foramummy
to be destroyed is for him to be
at ground zero of a nuclear

detonation or to be present at
an event of similar destruc-
tive force. The likelihood of a
mummy being dead center ofa
nuclear blast or launched into
the heart of the sun is rather
slim, however.

© The Elixir of Oblivion: Ru-
mors exist that tell of a mystical poison
(or an Alchemy formula)
that dissolves the bonds


an Immortal" for more information on how a mummy func-
tions in the underworld.

Whether you roleplay the th cycle ornot, the mummy's
return tolifeis virtually
with the spirit in the underworld, i can do little to prevent
the mummy's return. Damaging the body further makes the
return difficult, but not impossible. Nevertheless, a mummy
usually takessteps to protect his khat while he is recovering. The
ka (as expressed through the Ka Background) goes a long way
toward safeguarding the khat. Plus, an Amenti often has friends
and mortal followers (attained through the Allies and Retainers
Backgrounds) who will help retrieve and protect his khat.
Whenever doing so is possible, they will hide it in the Amenti's
tomb (designated via the Tomb Background) in which he can
recover unmolested.

interfere

It is important to remember that the time the mummy
spends in the underworld varies according to the spirit's
talent at performing its underworld duties and active desire
to pursue them. The minimum time a mummy must spend in
the underworld before trying the resurrection is determined
by his rating in the Ba Background (see p. 64).

THE RESURRECTION

Once the required time has passed, the mummy's spirit
returns from the underworld and uses its power to restore and
re-enter the khat. The attempt to return to life is powered by
raw will and the ability to tap into the life force of the
universe. The actual resurrection roll may be performed in
one of two ways: the mummy's player spends a point of
permanent Sekhem and rolls Willpower + Ba, or he spends
a point of permanent Willpower and rolls Sekhem + Ba.
Each success (difficulty 8) heals one level of damage, starting
with any damage beyond the Incapacitated level. Therefore,
amummy who was burned to ashes requires five s
recover to Incapacitated, and he needs at least one more to
be conscious.

On a failed resurrection roll, the mummy must wait at
least a day before making another attempt. Each attempt
costs another permanent point of Willpower or Sekhem
followed by the appropriate roll. With a botched resurrec-
tion roll, the character must again wait the full time required
by his Ba rating before making another attempt. Ifa mummy
makes more than one resurrection roll per year, each addi-
tional roll lowers one of the mummy's Attributes by one, as
chosen by the Storyteller. The lost Attribute point can be
regained by spending experience.

A powerful mummy could return to life from being
reduced to ash all the way to complete health with a single
resurrection roll. More often, the mummy rises from death

‘esses to

and still needs to heal further. Once the mummy regains life, »
any damage that remains after the resurrection is considered *

aggravated, and it heals as normal. As with any other
damage, Hekau can help speed the mummy's recovery.

DEATH AS AN
IMMORTAL

As noted before, it is extremely difficult fora mummy to
be killed permanently. Although his body may be dead for a
time, his soul lives on in the underworld. Chapter Six
provides many details about the Lands of the Dead. This
section concerns itself with the capabilities the mummy has
in his spirit form.

A mummy's soul may venture across the Shroud ina few
different ways. Those ways include death, magic or a desire
for judgment.

When a mummy's khat suffers enough injury to kill it
(reducing the character below the Incapacitated health
level), the mummy's spirit separates from its body and enters
Neter-khertet, also known as the Shadowlands. From there,
the spirit journeys to Duat, the underworld, to gather the
power to restore the khat and return to life.

A mummy can use Hekau such as Separate Ba or Potion
of the Separable Ka to send his spirit into the underworld
without entering a death cycle. Once the spirit separates
from the khat, the mummy is free to travel and act in Duat
as he desires. If the mummy's khat or his spirit is slain while
the two are separated, the mummy goes into a normal death

TRAVELERS ADVISORY

A mummy in Duat moves at his normal rate, as
if he were walking through the Lands of the Living,
unless he uses Hekau to travel. Such travel is not easy,
though. Remember that the ghost storm still thun-
ders through the upper reaches of the underworld,
Neter-khertet was never a pleasant place, but in the
wake of the Dja-akh it has become terrifying to
behold. Huge rifts appear in the spirit fabric of the
underworld, openings into oblivion from which ghost
storm squalls may erupt at any moment. In the
bottomless depths of Duat lie islands of safety, among
which are included the Blessed Fields of A'aru. How-
ever, it takes a skilled navigator to reach such havens.
Even there, the ghost storm is known to approach,
sending spirits running for safety behind their ecto-
plasmic defenses.

wy

Even without taking into account the rapacious
spectres and malign agents of Apophis that roam
Duat looking for spiritual sustenance, travel any-
where in the underworld is hazardous to say the least.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

WW


cycle. Anubis does not appear automatically to bring the
character before the Judges of Ma'at in such a case, however.
This small leeway allows a renegade mummy to go through
adeath cycle without suffering punishment for his misdeeds.

A mummy who wishes to petition the Judges of Ma'at
can do so by entering a deathlike trance, freeing his spirit to
travel into the underworld. The time of judgment varies, but
it is never less than a full day (from sunrise to sunrise). It is
often longer, depending on the challenges that the character
faces along the way.

PUNCTIONING IN DUAT

A mummy in the Lands of the Dead has essentially the
same Traits he has in life. His Attributes and Abilities
function at the same levels as when he is alive. His Will-
power and Sekhem scores also translate without change.
The only noteworthy element of how a mummy's spirit
functions in Duat is that the soul has its full seven health
levels, regardless of the condition of the khat.

When in Neter-khertet, the portion of the underworld
that acts as a dead reflection of the living world, the Amenti
has the limited ability to see back to the Lands of the Living.
The psychic barrier of the Shroud hangs like a gray haze,
obscuring the material realm so that people on the other side
appear as phantoms. Thanks to the mummy's deathsight,
those who are closest to death (from the terminally ill to
vampires and the walking dead) appear most clearly.

The Shroud keeps mortals from seeing into the
Shadowlands. For their own part, spirits in Neter-khertet are
largely unaffected by things in the Lands of the Living.
Interacting with the material realm is at best a nuisance, at
worst painful. Anything in the Lands of the Living that
passes through a spirit in Neter-khertet — an oncoming car,
a bullet, a living person — causes one level of bashing
damage as it momentarily disrupts the ghost's psychic form.
Likewise, a spirit can discorporate consciously, suffering a
level of bashing damage to step through walls and other
obstructions that exist in the real world.

Objects and beings in the underworld are as solid to
spirits as physical objects in the Lands of the Living are to the
living. A mummy's spirit in the Shadowlands can no more
walk through an ectoplasmic wall than a living mummy in
the material realm could walk through a physical wall. For
ease of play, assume that all spirit interactions with the
underworld environment abide by the same rules that living
beings abide by in the real world.

DEATH BEYOND DEATH

Although comprised of immortal spirit, a mummy may still
be harmed in the underworld. Passing through physical objects
inflicts minor damage, as noted previously. More importantly,
other denizens of Duat may attack the Amenti with spells and

relic weapons. Since damage afflicted and health levels lost are
all spiritual in origin, it's easy enough to use existing rules for
combat and damage in the underworld.

If the spirit's health level is reduced past Incapacitated,
the spirit vanishes from the underworld into the darkness of

MUMMY AND WRAITH

Players familiar with Wraith: The Oblivion
may notice :many similarities between mummies,
and wraiths. For those interested in integrating +
Mummy and Wraith, we present some compat: |:
sons between the two types of characters. :

Although the two do share a number of abilic
ties, a mummy. is, not a wraith. Technically a
mummy was a.wraith at one point, after his Sec-
ond Death when the tem-akh offered him eternal
life. When he joined with the tem-akh and under?
went the Great Rite, though, the mummy became
a living immortal with his soul healed of the scars
of death. In Wraith terms, the two components of"
awraith's nature, the psyche and shadow, are fully
integrated in'a mummy. The mummy is not ‘at
odds with the darker half of his being because his
soul is united ina single purpose. A mummy is also
strongly bound to the world of the living. There-
fore, his khat is effectively an unbreakable link,
(ie, a Fetter)'to the living world, As long as even;
part of his khat exists, even ashes and dust, 4.
mummy can roam the Shadowlands and the un-
derworld at will.

On the other hand, a mummy lacks many of
the qualities and abilities a wraith has. A mummy's
Spiritual body effectively equals his health levels.
A mummy also lacks the ability to learn and use
the wraithly powers of Arcanoi (although knowl,
edge of Hekau paths more than compensates for;
this shortcoming). Unlike a wraith, a mummy
who loses all his spiritual health does not undergo
the psychic torment of a Harrowing. The muiimy
effectively discorporates instead, only to re-form
later.as his soul reconstitutes itself.

These differences are not very great as far as
general interactions between mummies and wraiths
are concerned, though. The magical abilities of
each affect one another normally. The terms

"wraith" and the mummy's "spirit form" are effec-
tively interchangeable as far as Hekau or Arcanoi.
descriptions go. The only caveat is that Arcanoi
that depend on wraith-specific Traits like Pathos
or Angst (or the presence of an active Shatlon) do.
not affect mummies at all.

CHAPTER FIVE: THE SCALES THAT WEIGH


oblivion. This final discorporation is enough to destroy a
regular ghost utterly. Yet even this fate is not the end for one
of the Undying. A mummy can come back from being slain,
even in the underworld. The mummy enters a normal death
cycle, just as he would were he killed in the material realm.
The only difference in this case is that the spirit floats in a
coma of its own, unaware of the time that passes while her
spirit reconstitutes itself. Some of the Amenti have reported
fragmented visions or dreams of their passage through the
Darkness Beyond, but usually very little that is coherent.

When sufficient time has passed, based on the mummy's
Ba (see p. 64), the player makes a normal resurrection roll.
If that roll is successful, the spirit reappears in the Blessed
Fields of A'aru where it continues to recover any lingering
damage. Otherwise, the spirit allows Anubis to lead it back
to the Land of the Living to try resurrecting the khat
normally. If a mummy comes back from oblivion and at-
tempts to resurrect the khat within the same year, it counts
as two separate resurrection rolls.

RELICS

Physical equipment and possessions do not go with the
mummy into the spirit world unless they are designed with
Hekau to make the transition (see Chapter Four). The ancient
Egyptians understood how to prepare items to serve the dead in
the afterlife, and mummies often stock their tombs with items
designed for their use in the Lands of the Dead.

Other items, known as relics, also exist in the under-
world. Relics are created when items that are invested with
a great deal of emotional energy in the Lands of the Living
are destroyed. A shade of the item appears in Duat at the site
of its destruction, just as the spirit of a dead person survives
the destruction of the body. Ancient Egypt wasa particularly
rich source of relics thanks to the funeral rites performed in
death. The dead of other lands plundered many of these
relics, just as treasure-hunters and foreign archeologists in
the Lands of the Living have looted Egypt's ancient sites.
Even after the devastation of the ghost storm, Neter-khertet
contains many relics that are quite ancient much sought
after by the ghosts who dwell there. Notably, the spiritual
reflections of ancient structures long since crumbled to dust
in the Lands of the Living survive in Duat. Amenti practitio-
ners of Effigy can craft new relics to serve their needs.

THE VEIL

The mortal mind is not equipped to deal with the
realities of the supernatural. It falls back on an instinctive
psychological defense to protect itself from confrontations
with ghosts, spirits, vampires and shapeshifters. This instinc-
tive reaction goes by many names, but for simplicity's sake
we refer to it here as the Veil. The Veil causes most mortals

to rationalize or simply forget their encounters with Things
That Should Not Be.

Mummies are normally not among those supernatural
entities from which the mortal mind reflexively defends
itself. After all, in many ways a mummy is just like a mortal.
However, a mummy projects the raw essence of its preter-
natural nature ina few situations. A mummy undergoing the
hajj or deep in the throes of semektet cannot help but reveal
its secret condition. Certain Hekau allow the Amenti to tap
actively into the terrors of the supernatural, while some
invoke that same panic simply as a byproduct of working a
magical effect.

Exactly how mortals react to these circumstances is
based on their Willpower, as show on the accompanying
table. Some rare mortals — such as the truly innocent,
children and the insane — are unaffected by the Veil. Of
course, the claims of such people are often dismissed as
delusions or harmless imagination. Likewise, other super-
natural denizens of the World of Darkness are immune to the
effects of the Veil. They know better than anyone about the
strangeness that lurks outside of mortal ken.

Willpower Reaction

1 Catatonia: Rational thoughtflees entirely. The
mortal cowers in terror for the scene, seeking
feebly for a way to escape from the terrifying
manifestation.

2 Panic: The mortal flees in blind fear, trying
desperately to escape from the display.

$ Disbelief: The mortal rationalizes in any way
necessary to explain away the situation as
anything other than real evidence of the su-
pernatural.

4 Berserk: The mortal blindly lashes out at the
manifestation or anything connected with it,
trying to destroy it or drive it away.

5 Terror: The mortal is deeply afraid, but she
manages to maintain some degree of self-con-
trol. She does her best to get away as quickly as
possible, but not in a blind panic.

6 Conciliatory: The mortal is afraid, and he
escapes if an opportunity presents itself, but he
remains in control cnough to bargain or plead
for freedom if needs be.

7 Controlled Fear: The mortal can control her
fear enough to act rationally and even commu-
nicate with the manifestation.

8 Curiosity: The mortal is more fascinated than
afraid, and he is likely to either try to commu-
nicate or go for a camcorder.

9 Anger: The mortal refuses to be afraid of the
manifestation, and she stubbornly stands her

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

el Eas eiielebels eee be

poe

Rebels tebeebelat:


ground against it. She is also not terribly in-
clined to be friendly toward it.

10 Blasé: The mortal is so strong-willed and self-
confident that even a slavering, bloody-fanged
vampire doesn't faze her. Although surprised
at first, she'll deal with the manifestation as
capably as she would any mundane situation.

BALANCE

In Mummy: The Resurrection, Reborn characters
possess a Trait called Balance that represents their under-
standing and adherence to the principles of truth, balance
and justice. Those players who are familiar with Vampire:
The Masquerade might equate this Trait with Humanity,
but those rules do not provide a complete picture of what
Balance is. It is not simply acting humane. Rather, it equates
a kind of spiritual and cosmological enlightenment that is
embodied in a particular moral code.

Just like the deity whom they serve, the Judges of Ma'at
transcend mortal comprehension of the divine order. With
the opportunity to live multiple lives and reside among the
dead, the Amenti gain the attention and direction of these
ancient ministers. Ma'at is the spiritual principle by which
all mummies abide. It represents qualities of truth, balance,
justice and universal harmony. To follow Ma'at is to be in
balance with the natural order of things — "the Tao," as it
is known in Asia. That which goes against Ma'at violates the
natural order and leads to chaos and corruption.

Balance is the Trait that represents a mummy's growth

along the path of Ma'at. Gaining Balance is a combination
of facing one's mistakes, learning from the wisdom of the
Judges of Ma'at and honoring the designs of the divine.
Anubis leads a first-time mummy before the one of the
Judges of Ma'at by, and the mummy learns the primary
lessons of balance. The first judge is often called Ankh, or
Life, in deference to the fact that it grants permission for
Osiris to resurrect the deceased.

Should one of the Resurrected fall from grace, the judges
strip him of any undeserved power. In game terms, a mummy
may have his Balance rating reduced immediately, but he
retains his current Attributes, Abilities and Hekau until the
next time he encounters the judges. At that time, the Judges
of Ma'at reduce any of the character's Attributes or Abilities
above five that exceed the penitent's present Balance rating.
Additionally, any of the character's Hekau paths higher
than his current Balance rating are reduced equal to his
Balance score, even if this amount is less than five points.

A mummy who has obtained great power and fallen
from grace may decide to estrange himself from the judges. It
is said that a few of the Ishmaelites and Cabiri thwart the will
of Osiris in just such a manner. A refugee from the justice of
Ma'at drifts ever further from true balance until he is no more

enlightened than the typical person, at best... or until he
falls to the jaws of the Corrupter. The judges deal harshly
with such a fugitive mummy should he someday appear
before them. Depending upon how long the mummy has
chosen to defy the justice of Ma'at, this penalty most likely
results in a reduction to Balance 2, along with the accompa-
nying Trait reductions as mentioned previously — unless his
crimes merit even worse punishment. A mummy who has
fallen so far risks tumbling into the clutches of Apophis.

BENEFITS OF BALANCE

In game terms, a mummy's Balance rating represents a
degree of spiritual enlightenment, awareness and balance.
An Amenti ultimately quests to improve his Balance and
strengthen Ma'at throughout the world in so doing. Balance
represents the mummy's spiritual center, his ideals and the
advancement of his soul.

The Balance rating affects a number of things in the game:

© Strength of Conviction: A player can roll Balance in
order for his character to resist any temptation or force that

MORTALS AND MA'AT ay

The Lands of Faith lie at the heart of the world's
great monotheistic religions: Judaism, Christianity and
Islam. In addition other ancient faiths date back thou-
sands of years, including Egyptian, Greek, Babylonian
and Zoroastrian. Faith is a powerful and active force in
these lands and in the world at large. See Chapter Six
for more details on faiths particular to the Middle East.

Certain mortals are so dedicated to their religious
convictions that they tap into the grace of the divine.
This dedication is reflected in the True Faith Merit
(Vampire, p. 301). True Faith wielded by mortals has
no affect on mummies, for good or ill. As tools of Ma'at,
the Reborn function as part of the natural order, not
enemies to it. A mummy's own faith and spiritual
enlightenment — or lack thereof — is represented by
his Balance rating. Even so, enough similarity exists
between the overall concepts of True Faith and Bal-
ance that mummies respect and protect those mortals
who comprehend the cosmic forces at work and the
parts we all play within the greater scheme.

Other supernatural beings do not have a Balance
rating, although lacking it does not necessarily make
them opposed to Ma'at. Only those beings who serve
the cause of chaos or corruption are considered true
enemies of Ma'at. Some believe that the Keening (see
p. 173) is a manifestation of the strong concentration
of True Faith in the Middle East, which is trying to
drive out beings that are not in harmony with Ma'at.

CHAPTER FIVE THE SCALES THAT WEIGH


tries to get him to take action against the natural order. The
scope of this roll includes the influence of Social Attributes
and Abilities as well as supernatural powers such asa vampire's
Dominate Discipline or a wizard's Mind magic. The Story-
teller rates the difficulty depending on the degree of the
influence applied to the mummy and how far the act diverges
from the natural order. Resisting a mystical command to
attack a fellow mummy might be difficulty 4, while deciding
to overlook the drug-dealing of a helpful contact might be
difficulty 8. In cases in which the Storyteller allows a
Willpower roll in order to avoid a given effect, a mummy's
player may add the Balance rating to his Willpower score for
the roll.

© Upholding Ma'at: A mummy can use the strength of
his Balance to protect the natural order from unnatural
changes. In game terms, doing so grants a character a dice
pool equal to his Balance score that he may use to oppose true
magic spells that mortal wizards cast. Performing this
countermagic requires the character to take an action, and
the player rolls Balance against difficulty 8 to reduce or
negate a spell cast by a mage. This ability does not apply
against Hekau or a vampire's supernatural abilities.

¢ Personal Development: The mummy can have At-
tribute ratings equal to his Balance score, so a character
whose Balance goes above five can spend experience to
increase his Attributes to superhuman levels. Similarly, a
mummy's magical skill is limited by his adherence to the
path of Ma'at. No Hekau can exceed his Balance score.

Power: A character's Balance determines how much
Sekhem he can have at any one time. A mummy can only
attain a greater Sekhem rating through the use of Hekau.

© Forbiddance: The Reborn can use the power of Ma'at
to drive away malign supernatural influences. The character
takes an action and a resisted roll occurs. The mummy's
player rolls Balance while the opponent's player rolls Will-
power, each against difficulty 6. If the mummy is successful,
the malign supernatural influence cannotattack, and it must
leave the immediate area as soon as possible. If the two
players tie or if the opponent rolls more successes, nothing
happens. The precise definition of "malign supernatural
influences" is up to the Storyteller. At the very least — for
those with the full array of World of Darkness core rulebooks
at their disposal — it includes vampires, ghosts, the walking
dead, Banes, fomori, spectres, Nephandi and Marauders.

OFFENSES AGAINST MA'AT

Certain actions are violations of the universal principle
of justice. As agents of Ma'at, the Resurrected are expected
to avoid such transgressions. Failing to uphold the balance
can result in the inability to advance in understanding of the
divine principle or, worse yet, punishment from the Judges of

Ma'at in the form of a reduction in Balance rating (and,
perhaps a corresponding decrease in related Abilities).

Offenses are rated according to their seriousness. Less
enlightened mummies are accorded a certain measure of
understanding by the judges, but with greater understanding
of Ma'at comes both greater power and greater responsibil-
ity. Those who have a higher Balance are held to a higher
standard. Offenses that might have once been tolerated
become punishable by a loss in power and prestige. At the
most advanced levels, the Reborn become living embodi-
ments of Ma'at, leaving behind the foolish behavior of their
earlier ignorance.

The following chart lists offenses against Ma'at as ap-
propriate to the character's Balance rating:

Offenses

1 Offenses against individuals, including mur-
der, rape, torture and similar crimes. Any
deliberate act that leads to death or permanent
harm of a living person who lives in harmony
with Ma'at. The lives of all persons living in
accord with Ma'at must be honored and re-
spected.

2) Any of the above intentional offenses against
any living creature living in accord with Ma'at.
Allowing any of the above offenses to take
place without trying to prevent it.

3 Causing harm to any person out of hatred,
jealousy, fear or the like (although self-defense
is acceptable). Destroying particularly valu-
able or inspirational objects such as ancient
ruins or religious icons. Causing harm to your-
self, including destructive patterns of behavior,
addiction and so forth.

4 Doing intentional harm to personal or public
property without just cause. Impassioned harm
against any living creature. Inflicting emo-
tional harm on another person intentionally.

Balance

5 Doing harm to another person through igno-
rance, negligence or thoughtlessness.

6 Theft, deception or betrayal against any per-
son.

7 Doing harm (physical, emotional, or spiritual)

to any person, for any reason other than self-
defense or the upholding of Maat.

8 Doing harm to any living creature, for any
reason other than self-defense or the uphold-
ing of Ma'at.

9 Allowing any of the previous offenses to take
place in your presence without making an
effort to prevent it.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


10 Doing anything less than your absolute best to
uphold and embody Ma'at at all times.

HANDLING OFFENSES AGAINST
MA‘AT

Clearly, Ma'at is a difficult path to follow, since it
requires upholding a strong moral and ethical code. In the
game, the Storyteller takes the role of Ma'at and her judges,
and he decides whether or not any given action constitutes
an offense. Asa rule of thumb, the Storyteller should always
inform the player when his character is about to take an
action that constitutes an offense against Ma'at. A mummy
can feel the balance within him, and he always knows when
he goes against universal principle. That awareness — the
metaphysical equivalent of feeling the ship's deck tilting
under your feet — is what makes the mummy's actions
meaningful. He does not act in ignorance. If the player
chooses to go through with the action anyway, rather than
looking for another option, the character must deal with the
consequences.

The Storyteller should strive to be fair and consistent in
applying the requirements of Ma'at. Players shouldn't feel
that the Storyteller is trying to persecute them, and an act
that is an offense for one character should be an offense for
another character of the same Balance rating. At lower
levels of Balance, offenses should be fairly rare. (If they're
not, then perhaps the group is interested in a completely
different style of game). At higher levels, acting in accord
with Ma'at becomes more and more difficult. Mummies have
to learn to put aside their baser instincts, avoid the easy
solutions and take the moral high road in dealing with their
problems.

That's not to say that an advanced Mummy chronicle
has to be about saintly immortals planting flowers and being
pleasant to everyone all the time. The Undying can use force
in self-defense or to protect others as long as they take care
to avoid harming innocents in the process. Avoiding vio-
lence can present the characters with the opportunity to use
cleverness and roleplaying to overcome their challenges
rather than opening up with the big guns. Further, note that
the definition of person in the preceding table does not
include agents of Apophis or non-living beings such as
vampires. The Amenti struggle against these very beings in
an attempt to restore the balance. Such creatures deserve no
consideration under Ma'at. This idea may change should
true balance be restored in the universe. Given the current
state of the World of Darkness, though, such an event is
exceedingly unlikely in the near future.

THE FALL FROM GRACE

The road of Ma'at is a difficult one to walk, and not all
of the Reborn can make the journey. The world of the living

is filled with temptations, some of which are created by
agents of Apophis and others of which are simply a part of
being alive. Mummies possess immortality, sensitivity, mys-
tical power and a first-hand understanding of how precious
life is. Although they have a keen appreciation for Ma'at,
they often face a greater temptation to abuse the gifts that
they've been given.

Osiris does not tolerate abuse of his gift of eternal life. If
a mummy falls below Balance 1, one of two possible out-
comes occurs. The first possibility is that the Judges of Ma'at
will consider the mummy unworthy of eternal life. They cast
mummy's soul to Amemait, and the mummy is no more.

The second option and the only chance of the mummy's
continued existence is for the Amenti to renounce Osiris
and Ma'at and agree to serve Apophis. Making this decision
is obviously a horrendous insult to Osiris and all his follow-
ers. A mummy who's become so corrupt that such a decision
actually seems appealing likely doesn't care much what the
Lord of Life thinks. In this eventuality, the Corrupter ap-
pears and tempts the mummy the next time he enters the
Shadowlands. If the mummy agrees to turn to Apophis, the
dark serpent changes the Undying spirit to suit its needs. The
mummy loses his Balance rating and all benefits of Balance.
Instead of receiving the benefit of Osiris, the mummy now
gains his power from dread Apophis itself.

The Great Serpent isn't as giving with its energy. The
mummy's body ages at twice the normal rate, although it suffers
no corresponding loss of Attributes. The mummy suffers from
the effects of disease, addiction and similar weaknesses of the
flesh as before, but while these effects cannot be cured or
overcome, neither do they kill the character. The mummy
retains all other capabilities, including special senses, greater
resistance to injury, the ability to return from the dead and
Hekau paths at their previous levels.

Still, the mummy's existence quickly becomes more of
a curse than a blessing. Suffering the pains of mortal exist-
ence, denied the hope and peace of Ma'at and driven by dark
passions, these poor creatures are enemies of all that they
once upheld. Fallen mummies quickly become pitiful-look-
ing creatures that are withered and aged, wracked with
illness and the marks of excess. They become the embodi-
ment of Apophis' corrupting influence on the world. Rather
than feeling hatred, the Reborn pity their lost cousins, and
they consider destroying them to be an act of mercy.

SEKHEM

The ancient Egyptians used Sekhem to mean alternately
"power" or "life force." For the Undying, Sekhem refers to the
life energy flowing through the world and focused within the
Web of Faith. This energy helps sustain them in their immortal
existence, and it allows them to use the magic of Hekau.

CHAPTER FIVE: THE SCALES THAT WEIGH


Ingame terms, Sekhem representsa reservoir of energy that
the character can draw upon to cast Hekau. A mummy charac-
ter has a base Sekhem rating equal to his Balance rating. This
amount may fluctuate in the course of the game as the Amenti
spends Sekhem to cast spells, but it is seldom lost forever (except
in the case of a resurrection or other extreme circumstance).

FEEDING THE SOUL

The energy of life flows in varying degrees throughout the
world. Due to the key role the Web of Faith plays ina mummy's
rebirth — acting as a conduit for the power of Osiris himself —
it's fairly easy for an Amenti to tap into the Web to regain lost
Sekhem. The mummy must be within the region the Web of
Faith covers to do so, which explains why some mummies
originally from elsewhere in the world choose to remain in the
Middle East after their rebirth. Even those Amenti who return
to the lands of their Second Lives visit the Lands of Faith
frequently, meeting with others of their kind and drawing upon
the powerful energies awash in the region.

A mummy regains Sekhem in a few different ways. Each
may be performed anywhere in the world except Osiris' Bless-
ing, which may only be used within the Web of Faith.

The Gift of Ra: A mummy regains one point of Sekhem
automatically at sunrise each day where his physical body
resides. This accrual represents the renewal of Ra rising from the
underworld.

Osiris' Blessing: Osiris bestows energy upon his children from
where he dwells in the Web of Faith. Foreach full day thatamummy
has spent within the region of the Web of Faith, his player may roll
Balance (difficulty equal to the Shroud rating). Each sue
one point of Sekhem up to a maximum of the character's Balance
rating. If the player fails the roll, the mummy recovers no Sekhem.
If the player botches the roll, the character gains nothing, and he
loses one point of Sekhem in the effort.

Meditation: The world outside the Lands of Faith is
strongly influenced by the power of Apophis, making Sekhem
less freely available. Few isolated havens remain where Ma'at is
still strong, although they are often under the power of other

* BS ‘VESSELS

Vessels are special items in tune with Ma'at that
can store Sekhem. Traditionally, Vessels were any sort
‘ef small metal, glass, clay or bone containers designed
to:hold something. Assorted artifacts that dwelled
near enough to a source of power (such. as a Web of
Faith node) have also become imbued with the capac-
ity to store Sekhem..
"<A Vessel can supplement'a mummy's personal
"store of Sekhem, making it easier to perform certain
Hekau and allowing a mummy outside the Web of
Paith to restore: his personal Sekhem,

supernatural forces. A mummy lucky enough to gain entry to
‘one may spend a full day meditating there to recover Sekhem.
The player rolls Wits + Meditation (difficulty 8). If successful,
he may then try to recover his character's Sekhem by the same
tules listed for Osiris' Blessing, except that he makes the roll
against difficulty 9.

Udja-sen: The Judged Ones may transfer theirownSekhem
to another mummy. See Udja-sen (p. 48) for details.

Hekau: Certain Hekau rituals can provide the character
with Sekhem (see Chapter Four).

Vessel: A mummy can draw Sekhem from a Vessel. See
the Vessel Background (p. 67) for details.

Legacy: A mummy can draw strength and spiritual power
from a legacy from his previous lives. See the Legacy Back-
ground (p. 66) for details.

Magic: Wizards can use the Prime Sphere to grant a
mummy Sekhem in the form of Quintessence. An Effect that
restores or grants Quintessence does the same for Sekhem. See
Mage: The A for details on Qui

SEMEKTET

A mummy outside the Web of Faith who drops to zero
Sekhem enters a state known as semektet or "the weaken-
ing." The mummy no longer regains Sekhem on his own —
even the single point he would otherwise gain each sunrise.
The longer the mummy stays away from the Web of Faith,
the weaker he becomes. A mummy separated for too longcan
become a mindless, ugly, shambling creature. Only by get-
ting an infusion from an outside source (such as a Vessel, a
legacy or a sympathetic Udja-sen) or by returning to the
Web of Faith will the mummy emerge from semektet.

While in this condition, the mummy cannot employ any
Hekauorartifacts that require Sekhem to use. Ifhe does not gain
at least one Sekhem within 70 days, the mummy's Attributes
suffer the consequences. The character loses one dot from an
Attribute of the Storyteller's choice per day. Generally the
Mental Attributes go first as a haze of sluggishness descends
upon the mummy's thoughts. Social Attributes typically follow,
and Physical Attributes come last. Once an Attribute drops to
one dot, another Attribute starts dropping.

Making things even more complicated, the player must
roll Willpower (difficulty 7) for every day that the mummy
remains outside the Web of Faith in this condition, in order
for the character to resist having the tem-akh assume in-
stinctive control and propel the khat toward Egypt. The
tem-akh cares not if the mummy is already on his way back.
Its single-minded intensity is a repeat of the initial hajj.

A mummy can use specially prepared bandages to slow
the effects of semektet. Constructing the dressing requires
two dots in Alchemy, Amulets or Necromancy and six hours
to prepare. Once he is completely wrapped up so that the

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


bandages cover everything but his eyes and mouth, the
character loses one Attribute dot every three days instead of
one every day. The bandages also lower the difficulty of the
Willpower roll to resist the tem-akh to 4.

Once he is within the Web of Faith again, the character ~~

regains Sekhem as listed previously, and his lost Attribute
points return at the rate of one dot per day.

LIFEBLOOD

As champions of Ma'at, mummies will frequently en-
counter vampires (who are ostensibly servants of Apophis).
Although many vampires might dispute such a label — and
most have no idea who the hell this "Apophis" person is to
begin with — the Amenti consider vampires egregious
examples of the imbalance that currently afflicts the world.
Other portions of this book provide plenty of information on
the conflict between warriors of Ma'at and agents of the
Corrupter. This section discusses what happens when a
vampire actually gets her fangs into a mummy. The following
details are most useful if you intend to use Vampire: The
Masquerade as a resource when playing Mummy.

A mummy's immortal nature has a particular effect on
how his blood affects vampires. The blood of the Undying is
twice as potent as that of mortals. Each blood point taken
from a mummy counts as two, which means that a vampire
can derive twice as much nourishment twice as fast. Every
blood point lost also drains a point of Sekhem from the
mummy as his vital life force dissi

The mummy's potent blood has additional effects on a
vampire who drinks it. Each blood point that a vampire
drains gives the vampire one temporary point of Humanity.
This effect reflects the fact that the Amenti's immortal
blood resonates so strongly with life and Ma'at. It even
affects vampires following Paths other than that of Human-
ity, which plays havoc with the vampire's path rating and
gives her a temporary Humanity score! This additional
Humanity lasts until the vampire expends the blood points
that he gained from the mummy.

A vampire suffers the normal effects of committing viola-
tions appropriate to the increased Humanity level. Her moral
sense is greatly strengthened, better allowing her to resist
temptation, butshe can also suffera loss of Humanity from lesser
sins. Any lost Humanity disappears from the vampire's perma-
nent Humanity score, and it remains gone even after the
temporary Humanity points dissipate. The brief taste of human-
ity makes the vampire's sins stand out in stark relief.

ates.

Ifa vampire on another Path acquires a Humanity score,
that Humanity wars against the vampire's chosen inhuman
Path. The vampire's player must make an Instinct roll
against a difficulty equal to her Humanity to take actions
that fall under the Hierarchy of Sin (see Vampire: The
Masquerade, p. 221) for her current artificial Humanity

CHAPTER FIVE: THE SCALES THAT WEIGH

KINDRED OF THE EAST

For a Cathayan (or Kuei-jin from Kindred of
the East), mummy blood always yields yang-aspected
Chi. The blood is doubly potent as is that of Western
vampires, which can lead the Kuei-jin to becoming
Yang-imbalanced. Fora Yang-aspected kuei-jin such
as a follower of the Thrashing Dragon Dharma or
the penangallan of the Golden Courts, one of the
Undying is a sublime feast of Chi.

A mummy who has been drained of all Chi dies,
and he may return normally. It's worth noting,
however, that Cathayans have a great deal more
experience with, the spirit world. Some of their
Disciplines can affect — or possibly even destroy —
a mummy's soul!

level. Should this roll fail, the character cannot bring herself
to commit the act. This action, in turn, may constitute asin
under the vampire's chosen Path, which would then result in
a degeneration check as well.

Due in part to such potent effects, vampires have some-
thing ofan approach/ avoidance relationship with the Reborn.
Vampires lust for the potent vitae that flows through the
mummies' veins, but particularly inhuman vampires despise
the "moral weakness" that drinking mummy blood inspires
in them. Many vampires who hold to mortal constraints of
morality lust for the moral strength that the blood of the
Undying gives them. Ironically, these vampires must com-
mit immoral acts in order to acquire the blood. In this way,
a vampire who has become psychologically addicted to
mummy blood degenerates quickly into a monster, broken
by brief periods of moral clarity where. she is wracked with
guilt over her depraved condition. Some vampires cling to
the hope that the blood of the Undying can (eventually)
restore them to life, as it is rumored the god of life did for the
Children of Osiris. Thus far, however, no evidence exists
that this hope is more than wishful self-delusion.

A mummy who has been drained of all of his blood dies
just as a mortal does. The Amenti can return to life later just
as he would after any other death he might suffer. A vampire
who unknowingly kills one of the Undying is likely to spend
time wracked with guilt (which is, itself, a result of his stolen
Humanity) before the mummy returns to exact justice on the
unwitting leech.

A mummy cannot be turned into a vampire. As long as
he has Balance 1 or higher, the mummy's soul flees the touch
of Apophis at the hands of a vampire, so the vampire's
Embrace fails automatically, resulting in the mummy's death.

UNDEAD VITAE
The blood of a vampire is potent stuff in its own right.
Rather than being infused with the vitality of life as a


Trait' Cost

New Ability 3:

New Background 4

New Hekau Path 7

New Spell or Ritual level

Attribute current rating x 4
Ability current rating x 2
Background current' rating x 3
Favored Hekau* current rating x 4
Other Hekau* current rating x 6
Balance** current rating x 7,
Willpower current rating

*Udja-sen have no specific favored Hekau, as
their tem-akhs have lost all identity. For them,, it
costs [current rating x 5] for all Hekau. i

**Increasing Balance does not automatically
increase the mummy's Sekhem at the same time.
The character may recover Sekhem up to the new

~-limit thereafter, however.

'
mummy's blood is, though, a vampire's vitae is an unclean
fluid that is rife with necrotic energy. As described in
Vampire, a mortal may benefit from ingesting the potent
blood of a vampire. A mummy is just as susceptible as any
mortal to vampiric blood.

To some extent, this susceptibility might seem beneficial,
since vampire blood can gift a mortal or mummy with increased
Physical Attributes, grant him access to certain preternatural
abilities and enable him to heal more rapidly. Since a mummy
is al

ady immortal and possessed of great mystical powers
himself, though, such benefits offer little appeal.

Further, the blood creates what the vampires call a blood
bond, a mystical link of servitude established after swallowing
the vampire's blood on three different occasions. Even so, a
mummy who somehow becomes blood bound may resist any
commands that violate Ma'at. This resistance follows the rules
for Strength of Conviction. Further, success on the Balance
breaks the blood bond, preventing that vampire from ever
bonding the mummy again. It typically leaves the vampire
facing an exceedingly angry immortal as well.

EXPERIENCE

In the course of the chronicle, players receive experi-
ence points that they can spend to improve their characters'
various Traits and learn new capabilities. Refer to Vampire,
p. 141, or another core rulebook for full details on gaining

and spending experience points. This section covers those
aspects specific to mummies.

A part of the quest for Ma'at is self-improvement, and
the Reborn take such matters seriously. They seek out the
finest teachers and hunt for lost lore and scholarship to
expand their knowledge. Storytellers may wish to make the
improvement of mystical Traits like Hekau paths, Aware-
ness and similar aptitudes part of a quest in which the
mummy encounters challenges to his abilities and wisdom.

Mummies even gain experience in death, since their
spirits remain active in the underworld and learn from their
experiences there. The Storyteller can run stories in the
Shadowlands and Duat and award experience for them just
like any other story.

The experience of death also provides good motivation to
improve certain Traits. Willpower is often a favored choice,
since it reflects a measure of mummies' conviction and sense of
self, and the purchase is a means of replenishing permanent
Willpower lost to resurrection. Similarly, they can use experi-
ence to recover Attribute dots lost to multiple resurrections
within the same year, at the normal cost for improving the
Attribute. Balance is certainly the most likely target of experi-
ence expenditures, and it is covered in detail later.

Regardless of the increase desired, the purchase can't
come out of the blue. Typically, roleplaying must be done
prior to spending the points. For instance, a new ally must
first be cultivated in the course of the story, a new ritual first
requires the character spending some time studying it, and
one may raising his Melee score only after the character has
used the Ability with some regularity already.

INCREASING BALANCE

Increasing Balance is more than just a matter of spend-
ing experience. The character must also go before one or
more of the Judges of Ma'at and be deemed worthy in order
toexercise the power that comes with greater enlightenment
along the path. Until and unless the judges find the Amenti
worthy, the increase in Balance does not take place.

Higher levels of Balance become significantly harder to
obtain, as they represent righteous behavior and insight into
the nature of the universe. Dealing with each of the Judges
of Ma'at is a journey that takes many lives and deaths. Even
the eldest of the Imkhu has not yet completed this journey.

The mummy appears before the judges each time he dies,
allowing each death cycle to be a reasonable time to increase
Balance (ifthe Storyteller i
A living Amenti who feels that he has enhanced his under-
standing of Ma'at (that is, has accumulated enough experience
points to increase his Balance Trait by one dot), may appear for
judgment any time during his life cycle. Doing so requires the
mummy to enter a deep meditative state. This trance does not
allow the Amenti's spirit free travel throughout Duat. Instead,

1
the increase

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


the soul speeds directly to Anubis in an echo of the journey that
took place prior to the start of the mummy's Third Life.

The mummy's body lies comatose while his spirit is in
the underworld, just as it does when an Amenti uses Hekau
to separate his soul from his khat. A resurrection roll is not
required to return from this journey to the Underworld, and
it doesn't count against the number of resurrec-
tion rolls a character makes in a year.

In game terms, each increase in the
Balance Trait requires facing cumula- 4 -
tively more Judges of Ma'at. ~
Therefore, a mummy with Bal-
ance | will face a single judge.

A mummy with Balance 2
will face two judges,

and so forth. The
numbers are ‘
never exact from

one Amenti to

another or from

one Balance
level to another.
The mummy

will likely never
stand before all
42 judges, ,
though, and he ({/
may face certain
ones multiple times
in his journey of en-
lightenment.
As the
mummy
grows in under-
standing, more
powerful and per-
ceptive judges
attend him.
However, only the
goddess Ma'at herself
can instill the understand-
ing of the divine order
necessary to gain Balance 9
or 10. The god-king Horus is
said to struggle still with the
teachings of the highest of the Judges.
of Ma'at while Anubis is thought to face
only the left and right hands of the goddess, the
Judges Nefer-tem and Usekh-nemmt.

To be judged as he desires, the mummy must have no
unresolved offenses against Ma'at that are greater than his
desired (notcurrent) Balance rating. The further the mummy

progresses in understanding Ma'at, the more stringent the
standards of judgment become. Likewise, the greater a
mummy's dedication to Ma'at is, the greater the rank of the
judges he is brought before becomes. See the previous list of
offenses for specifics.

Each of the judges may also choose to test the character's
worthiness. This test often occurs as the spirit approaches in
the underworld, with dangers subtle and obvious appearing

anywhere between the Pillars of the West and the borders
of A'aru itself. This facet of the game allows the Storyteller
to run a solo story involving the character if he so
desires. If the character is judged worthy (and
the player has sufficient experience),

the increase in Balance is granted.
Failing to be judged worthy
forces the character to un-
dergo a test to prove that he

" is worthy to remain at his cur-
rent Balance level, thereby

expunging his present

4 i) offenses against
Ma'at.
The highest lev-

els of Ma'at are
exceedingly difficult
toachieve. Toattain the
ninth and tenth dots in
Balance, the mummy
must face the most wise
and powerful of the judges
who attend the goddess
of justice herself. She
makes the final decision as
to whether the charac-
ter is worthy of the
great privilege and re-
sponsibility of such
power. Ma'at may put
acharacter through any
trial imaginable in order
totest his worthiness. A
mummy aspiring to the
highest levels of Bal-
ance finds himself tested
YM ven in the living world,
Temptations and trials seem
drawn to him like a magnet, offer-
ing him opportunities to prove his worthiness
and further the cause of Ma'at. The Storyteller can use a
character's quest to increase Balance to the highest levels as
the basis for several stories or extended missions for all the
characters involved.

CHAPTER FIVE: THE SCALES THAT WEIGH

W


THE JUDGES OF MA‘AT

No one knows the true names of those beings who uphold
the final judgment of Ma'at. Such knowledge would allow
masters of the Hekau magic of Nomenclature to control them.
Although the judges do not reveal their true names, Egyptian
tradition accepts 42 common titles for them. Some few of them
have also given themselves still other names. Egyptian priests
codified these known names and described the judges' respon-
sibilities and origins as well as they could. Being mere mortals,
the priests often transcribed grossly simplified or misunderstood
concepts of what principles of Ma'at each entity represented.

The following list of judges is complete, but the minds of
mere mortals have limited insight into the true nature of the
divine order. Despite traditions that claim that each judge
carries outa single role under the direction of Ma'at, the judges
sometimes share roles when one is busy elsewhere. For example,
Kenemti may actually be a handful of judges who punish in the
same general fashion. Listed with each judge's name is the crime
typically associated with its stewardship, as well as ways in which
that offense might be interpreted into modern culture.

Ahi: This being judges anyone who has ever raised his
voice. Such a subtle transgression is typically levied only against
those far along the road of enlightenment. Mummies can only
guess at what punishment awaits such a seemingly trivial crime.

Am-khaibit: The Eater of Shadows punishes those who
commit murder more than once or who perpetuate killing on any
scale. Considering the gross scale of the offense, it's commonly
agreed that this is one of the lesser judges. Am-khaibit usually
devours part of the penitent's soul to remove the evil tendenci

An-af: Also called the Bringer of His Arm, this judge
punishes those who have treated with contempt the god of their
city and those who have snatched the bread of a child away.
Perhaps confusing to the modern soul, the common factor is the
flouting of what should be naturally respected. An-af is the

bodiment of the anger and desire for retribution that wells up
at the destruction of purity.

An-hetep-f: A deceased mummy who has been violent in
order to oppress others comes before An-hetep-f. The judge's
name means Bringer of His Offering. The title derives from a
punishment wherein the dead soul is required to enslave itself
to another during its stay in A'aru, to make recompense for its
crimes in life.

Ari-em-ab-f: Traditionally this judge punished those who
"stopped the flow of water," a metaphor for the most heinous of
acts. Considered the least of all judges, Ari-em-ab-f punishes
only the most blatant crimesagainst humanity or the world. The
Amenti also call this judge Ankh (or Life) in recognition that
it granted most the Third Life.

Arti-em-khet: This jud ishes those who hat len the
property of a god or acted deceitfully. American Amenti are most
familiar with this concept in the form of false prophets who preach

the word of the divine in order to plunder the wealth of religious
organizations. Arti-em-khet is perceptive. This judge does not fall
for the crocodile tears of those who fake repentance.

Basti: Commonly thought to be the child of Bast, this
entity can sense deeply buried secrets and deception, but shares
its mother's fickle nature. Tradition charges this judge with
punishing those who have "eaten their heart," or tried to cheat
the scales of justice.

Fenti: Fenti judges those who have stolen from or done
violence to another (though not both). To the Amenti, Fenti
means Nose. The judge was named thus, because it seems to sniff
the air when making determinations of guilt.

Hept-khet: Also known as Hept-seshet, or Embraced by
Flame, this judge castigates those who commit robbery with
violence. The punishments it doles out often involve immola-
tion, as itsname indicates. Violent robbery is considered a worse
sin for its disregard for life in the pursuit of greed.

Her-f-haf: Whose Face is Behind It, Her-f-haf, is a higher
Judge of Ma'at. The oldest of the Shemsu-heru say that atone-
ment comes when the judge causes the supplicant to see upon
Her-f-haf's visage the face of everyone he has ever lost.

Her-uru: Also called the Face of Dread, this judge contem-
plates those who terrorized another during life. The judge can
see the deep-seated secret fears within the hearts of its charges,
and it summons harrowing visions to teach a lesson.

Hetch-abhu: Shining Teeth does not bring a proper vision.
of this judge's province. This judge condemns those who have
assaulted another human or slain "cattle belonging to the god."
This latter category involves any creature of holy origin or that
is wild and untamed. Killing domesticated bea
theoretically because they owe their lives to their caretaker.

Kenemti: This judge smites those who commit the oft
performed, but often little understood, sins of blasphemy. Revil-
ing or belittling anything sacred — from polluting holy grounds
to denying the sanctity of any divine messenger — is a blasphe-
mous act.

Khemiu: The Overthrower judges those who have broken
the law in any way that hurts anyone whatsoever. Penitents are
usually denied any authority in the Fields of A'aru.

Maa-antuf: The phrase Seer of What is Brought to It does
not easily call to mind this entity's role. This judge punishes
those who are guilty of polluting themselves. It can see the taint
within any substance, and it deems those who partake (know-
ingly or with disregard for the divine gift) worthy of penalty.

Neba: Translated simply as Flame, this judge's purview is
those who tell lies, regardless of the reason. As befits the simple
nature of one of the highest of the Judges, its form isa flame that
shines brightly and reveals the truth in all things.

Neb-abiu: A highly placed judge, the Lord of Horns
punishes those who indulge in too much idle gossip and mean-
ingless babble that obscures issues of importance. A flood of
worthless words can drown the life from the voice of truth.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


-

Neb-heru: This entity's controversial role is to punish those
who acted with haste or judged hastily. Some Amenti wonder if
perhaps Neb-heru passes judgment on its own colleagues.

Neb-maat: This Lord of Ma'at, a close compatriot of Neb-
abiu, judges those who eavesdrop. Rumors claim that it punishes
the transgressor by revealing his own secrets to those who reside
within A'aru.

Nefer-tem: Probably the second highest of the Judges of
Ma'at, itcasti whohave danyone ordoneany
evil, no matter how petty or minor (even if the violation was
accidental). Only Usekh-nemmt is closer to Ma'at.

Neha-hau: Those who have stolen food from or slain another
human being stand before Neha-hau. Its punishment is reserved for
those who violate the most basic needs of another person.

Neheb-ka: This Judge of Ma'at punishes those who display
arrogance and seek undue acclaim. Its judgments generally seek
to teach humility.

Neheb-nefert: Neheb-nefert penalizes those who do not give
properrespect to those above them. Traditionally such sinnershave
flouted the divine or acted with insufferable insolence, and thus
ignored the natural order of their social community.

Nekhenu: The vision of innocence, this entity's duty is to
correct those who shut their ears to the truth, ignore the truth
or turn a deaf ear to the truth. The penalties that Nekhenu lays
out include the inability to speak above the level of a newborn
until the penitent learns value of words.

Qerrti: The Double-Nile Source brings judgment against
those that have committed adultery or had impure sex. What
constitutes "impure sex" remains a point of conjecture. No
Amenti can truthfully say that he has witnessed Qerrti punish
anyone for homosexuality, however.

Ruruti: The Double Lion God punishes those who destroy
holy places or defile them. It commonly rends the spirit of the
guilty, which must then heal in the fields of A'aru.

Sekhriu: Sekhriu judges those who pried into matters that
were not their concern and caused harm by doing so. Some
believe that the judge works closely to balance Nekhenu.

Sera-kheru: The Disposer of Speech issaid tosilence those
who stir up strife amongst others. Sera-kheru is seen as a lesser
form of the Lord of Horns.

Sertiu: Sertiu is another of the higher gods of Ma'at,
punishing those who have been angry without just cause or said
a harsh word without reason. Its punishments inspire fore-
thought, fortitude and patience.

Shet-kheru: The Orderer of Speech isamongst the highest
of the Judges of Ma'at, and it castigates anyone who has ever
been angry for any reason whatsoever. It inspires one to ignore
inconsequential things.

Set-qesu: The Crusher of Bones punishes those who deceive,
steal or temporarily harm others out of necessity. Those who have
witnessed its justice first-hand are rare, but they learn tonever apply
more pain to another than necessary to defend Ma'at.

Ta-retiu: This entity is called the Fiery Foot since it
commonly applies fire to the extremities of those that have
attacked another person in any way.

Tem-sepu: Traditionally this judge punished those who
"worked witchcraft against the king or cursed the king." In the
modern age, this crime fits anyone who seeks to subvert the
power of a rightful authority, be it governmental or corporate.

Tenemiu: The Retreater enforces the commandment,
repeated in the Bible, against bearing false witness against
another. Its judgments punish those that slander another and
seck to cause reparations to be made to the victims of evil lies.

Tcheser-tep: The protection of the dead from the living,
especially against greed, is this judge's province. Itspunishments
are particularly severe if the offender acted upon greed alone or
if the dead suffered in any way due to the crime.

Tututef: This entity punishes anyone who commits any
sort of sex-related transgression in anger. This includes sins as
serious as rape, cheating on a spouse after a fight or using sex as
a tool for revenge. Its purview also includes transgressions as
small as the fabled "fury of a woman scorned."

Uamenti: Uamenti punishes those that "debauch" an-
other person. Seduction, rape or serious harassment brings its
just wrath upon the sinner.

Uatch-rekhit: As opposed to the lesser crime of blas-
phemy, this judge rules on those who actively cursed the divine
and wished ill upon the entire universe. Such strong declara-
tions against the order are believed to strengthen Apophis.

Unem-besek: The Eater of Entrails is the title of the Judge
of Ma'at who judges those who have stolen another's land.
Banishment from A'aru is a common penalty it applies.

Unem-snef: This judge has dominion over those who
deceive and corrupt others, but its title, Eater of Blood, has been
adopted by some of the followers of Set. The Children of Osiris
seek to purge this stain upon the name of Unem-snef.

Usekh-nemmt: Perhaps the judge closest to the goddess
Ma'at, Usekh-nemmt instructs those that have committed any
sin whatsoever. Its understanding of the divine order is beyond
the ken of even the other judges. Also known as Usekh-nemtet,
Long of Strides, the judge is thought to be the ancient mentor
of Anubis.

Utu-nesert: Vigorous of Flame punishes those that have
uttered curses against another or wished ill will upon another.
Like a fire turning back upon an arsonist, the judge favors
penalizing the deceased with their own hateful thoughts.

CHAPTER FIVE: THE SCALES THAT aa


_—

| APFROACHCD THC ORCA. PXKAMDS. WITN FCAR TINT I MY BRCAST. | WONDERED, |
MOT TOK THC PIRST TIMC, WAY | SHOULD FeCl THs WAY Wht | CAME MERE. ©
DMOULD, NOT HAVE FELT JOY AT THC STREMOTH | scm>cy FROM ‘in? PowcKrUL
CHICKUICS. FLOWED ROM THD PLACE LINC Tht VANOTZE IM FULL FLOOD - OK THC'
TMC, AD MY NCW SELE THEN PICTURED, SUPCKIMPOSING THAT MCMOKY OVER THC
MEMORY OF THE RIVER | KNW. Tht PLACC OF THe FYKAMIXS WAD Ont WC ALL
CHCRONCD, AMD DEPEND ATAINST OUR ORCAT CMCMY WITH ALL THe STRCNOTH

AT OUR DDFODAL. ;
DOOPITE MY WONDERING, | ntW THe ANSWER. The rCAR [ret WeLeey ur an
KCACTION TO THC VCKY Tring | AFFROACHCD: THC Srnuny. IT CKOUCHItD, SCNT

AD DEATH, AD OLD AD TING. TCT FROM IT | trot... somcTring. An CMAMATION,
A COMMCCTION, AN UNDERSTANDING. THC OTNCKS SAI THAT IT WAS SIMPLY FART
OF THC CNCKOY THAT FOOLCD IM THC ARCA, DUT | MAD COME TO THINK OTNTKWIC,
| AWANCHCD TIAN, MY CARVED DRAGON, AMD) DIRECTED IT. TO TANG ruignT. The
DIZE OF A RAPTOR, MY WINTKD SCKPENT WOULD WATCH TOR: AMY DANUCK
APPROACHING I THC DARN OF MIGHT. MIAN WAS MY QRCATEST ACICVEMENT 30 TAK
IN THC ART OF WHAT MY ANCICNT SELF CALCD USATADI. IT STILL TOON MY BRCATH
AWAY, CCID TN TRANSFORMATION ROM COLD CARVED COON TO WARM PLO.
TnOSt WMO ATTEMDCD US WICD THAT MY CRCATIOND WERT SAPD FOLLOWING
THT TRAMTIONS OF ancicnT COT. THOUGH FART OF MC CSTD ROM. THAT TIME, |
[AM ALSO A ChiLy OF ADIA. | DDFLAY MY FRING IN MY DUAL TICRITAUC In Crriaics
SUC AD MY LOWAL flan. Few or Tht rOLLOWtKS or O>IKI> UNDERSTAND Wry |
WALI DOT KOADD, DUT THAT. 10°11 MATTCK: MA'AT KNOWS WHERE MY MICAKT.
TRULY LIC.

ANCAD THC Srnint WAITED 1 THC COOL MONT. THOUGH SMALLCK THAN THe NCARDY
PYRAMIDS DY.TAR, IT SCCM. MOKC MASSIVE TO MC. PCRMAPS BCCAUSC IT MAD A
LIVING SHAPE. | COULD ALMOST FICTURC THC DPrint: BCCOMING FLOM JUST AD MY
THAN MAD DONT, "RIDING TO SMANC THC SLUMOCK OF CCNTUKICS FROM ITS MASSIVE
TLANIND AMI) ATTCND SOME VITAL TAD.

THAT (> WNT COME ICRC, MONT APTCR MINT. | PECL A CCRTAINTY IN MY DONTD
THAT TNC DPMINN 1 FERMAPS THC URCATCST WORNING OF USNTADI CVCK
ACCOMPLONItD. LEOtMD ACLS IT WADA QUAKDIAN OF. THe OKCAT PXRAMDS, DUT |
SUSTECTED ITS AIM WAD DIFFERNT. THe Orrin MAD BCC MADT TOK A FURFOSC
MORE SIQMIFICANT THAN THAT OF A MCKC WATCIDOU. Tht FOTCNTIAL OF WHAT
THAT MIQHT DC FRIGNTCHD MC, DUT IT Id A FEAR BOUND TO THC CHCITtMENT or
DOCOVERY, OF TRUC UNDCKSTANDING.

Tht Orrin) MAD- OCCOME. MY PUZZLE. I TMC, |ennow THAT | WILL "SOLVE IT.


bie
"i .

"THE GOD OF ISRAEL IS THE GOD OF THE DESERT. IF YOU WANT TO
SPEAK TO HIM. THEN YOU'LL HAVE TO GO TO THE DESERT."
"BEWARE GOD IS NOT ALONE OUT THERE"

-JOHN THE BAPTIST, THE LAST TEMPTATION OF CHRIST

Called by many the Cradle of Civilization, the lands of the
Middle East are the sites of intense religious and political
struggle even in the present day. The Amenti call this region the
Lands of Faith. Behind the scenes, the Lands of Faith are also
important in struggles between the factions of the World of
Darkness, as each seeks to claim the area's physical and spiritual
resources. This conflict led to the creation of the first mummies
long ago, and it has led to the awakening of Osiris and the
creation of a new generation of the Reborn. These new Reborn
are come toclaim the land that is theirs and restore Ma'at to this
troubled land.

They have a difficult task ahead of them. Ironically, the
powerful mystical energy that flows through these lands in a
pattern known as the Web of Faith is the cause of much strife
and conflict between its people. Disputes over the nature of
faith and its expression have soaked these lands in blood for
centuries — much to the delight of Apophis and its followers.
The nations of the Lands of Faith are harsh places, often ruled

by zealots and repressive regimes that watch each other warily.
Many await only a spark to set them at each other's throats
again.

The land is just as harsh and unforgiving to the denizens of
the supernatural world as it is to mortals. Although vampires,
shapeshifters, wizards and their ilk have skirmished over the
Lands of Faith in their time, none have ever truly tamed them.
The Ahl-i-Batin, the order of mages known as "the Subtle
Ones," first established the Web of Faith to draw upon the power
in the land and its people. These mystics pushed back the
malevolent forces that were abroad in the region, ending what
was known as the Ten Thousand Djinn Plague and creating a
new era of hope. The AhL-i-Batin suffered for their work when
the forces of reason and technology sought toseize control of the
lands and the power they represented. Those same forces drove
the wonder of magic underground in the process.

Now Osiris has returned, and the Reborn have come to
warn others not to interfere with their sacred task to restore

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


Ma'at to the Lands of Faith, lest they suffer the conse-
quences. They fight a desperate battle against the forces of
chaos and corruption while the Corrupter's forces that are
already loose in the land careen out of control. There is no
certainty that the Amenti can douse the fires the servants of
Apophis have sparked, and a good chance exists that those
flames will consume them. Still, the followers of Osiris are
the best, and perhaps only, hope that remains.

This chapter provides you with details on the near
Middle East of the World of Darkness and the struggle that
rages therein. First comes the history of the Lands of Faith as
related by one of the Shemsu-heru. The second section looks
at the modern Lands of Faith and the issues that face the
Amenti there. Following that, we look at the Lands of the
Dead, from the Shadowlands of Neter-khertet to the under-
world known as Duat.

THE DUST OF AGES:
HISTORY

To those Reborn through the grace of Osiris, greetings.
1am Tchatcha-em-ankh, humble scribe in the service to the
Lord of Resurrection and his Avenging Son. It has been my
honor and privilege to witness the unfolding of the divine
fabric of history from the earliest days. At the bidding of
Osiris, I commit those memories to papyrus, in the tradi-
tional way of the ancient land, for the edification of those
newly added to our number. I do so in order that you may
understand where you come from and how you can serve the
cause of Ma'at in the times to come.

EGYPT: THE REBORN

The tale of the Reborn begins in Egypt, the land once
known as Khem, the Black Land. Long before the founding
of the first Egyptian dynasty known to mortal historians, the
great king Osiris ruled a kingdom that united Upper and
Lower Egypt. Osiris was renowned as a wise and just ruler.
Isis, his sister and queen, ruled at his side: Osiris' younger
brother Set coveted the throne of Egypt for his own selfish
purposes. For conspiring to seize the throne, Osiris banished
Set into the desert, "never again to see the sun of our
homeland." His words proved prophetic, for darkness soon
descended over the Black Land.

ON DATES
Dates in this history, where they ate referenced:
use the Common Era (CE) date based on the modern
Western calendar, that which is most familiar to many

3 who have been Reborn in this day and age. Events

from before the Common Era calendar are given as
Before Common Era (BCE).

THE SECOND CITY

Legend has it that the scions of the vampire
known as Caine founded a new city on the ruins of -
Enoch after the Great Flood: They called this city *
the Second City, The Children of Caine ruled over
this city, and they eventually began warring with'
one another. The Second City:was destroyed,*but
the legends are unclear about how exactly it met its =
end, Its destruction might have come through the<:
conflict of its rulers; from a mortal uprising or from =
a terrible storm that eventually buried the city and
its inhabitants. Perhaps Ma'at herself struck down
this abomination against all thar is right.

The ruins of the Second City almost certainly
lie within the Lands of Faith, most likely somewhere
in Egypt or the Sinai. If so, then its hidden remains:,
are one of the greatest bastions of the power of isfrets
in the world. Such a thing would be of great interest
to the Reborn and creatures of Apophis alike.

Some time after Set's exile, a stranger called Typhon
came to the court of Osiris. He was as pale and cold as marble,
and he spoke of distant lands and a dark tide of war and
disaster that was coming to the land of Egypt. Osiris was
taken in by Typhon's honeyed words and dire predictions,
and he granted the stranger a private audience. They talked
long into the night and Typhon left shortly before dawn.
Each full moon after his first visit, Typhon returned, seeking
an audience with Osiris. They always talked through the
night, and Typhon always departed before dawn.

After Typhon's fourth and final visit, Osiris lay in his
private chambers, pale and deathly ill. He recovered shortly
thereafter, and the stranger was never seen again. After his
recovery, Osiris was changed. He shunned the light of Ra
and ruled by night, becoming as pale and cold as Typhon.
Osiris feared for the fate of his land. In order to combat the
threat that Typhon foretold, he chose to take on the dark
power Typhon possessed. For several years, Osiris ruled thus,
keeping his own counsel and shunning the company of even
his beloved wife. Then another stranger arrived at court.

His name was Thoth, and he did not seek an audience
with Osiris, but with his queen. Thoth was a man of learning,
and he spoke with Isis and her sister (Set's wife) Nephthys.
The two women were already well versed in the arts of
Hekau, but Thoth taught them deeper secrets of magic and
how to understand the true names of all things. His teachings
made them the greatest wizards that Khem had ever known.
After spending many months teaching the sisters, Thoth
departed and left his legacy of knowledge behind.

Not long after Thoth's departure, Osiris returned to the

"= palace from one of his frequent solitary journeys into the

CHAPTER SEX THE LANDS OF FAITH


wilderness, whereon his servants presented him with a new
casket in which to rest. It was made of gold and finely scented
sandalwood and cedar. Osiris reclined inside it, and the servants
slammed the casket shut, closing it tightly. Slinking from the
shadows like a serpent came Osiris' brother Set, who sealed the
casket closed before Osiris could attempt to escape.

Set was changed by his years of exile, like Osiris had
been, but Set eagerly embraced what he had become. He was
a willing servant of Apophis, the Great Serpent, the enemy
of Ma'at. Having beguiled Osiris' servants and trapped his
brother, Set hurled the casket into the Nile and claimed the
throne of Egypt.

Isis and Nephthys fled, together with Isis' young son
Horus, and Wadjet, a former servant of Set who turned
against his master to warn the queen and help her escape.
They sought shelter with Sobek, the chieftain of the croco-
dile people of the Nile, and with the Bubasti, the cat people,
all of whom were enemies of Apophis. Isis used magic to find
and recover Osiris' casket, but Set discovered her and ripped
Osiris' body into 14 pieces, scattering them across the land.
Osiris' dark blood fell on the sands and into the Nile, forever
tying the Black Land to the Lands of the Dead.

Set imprisoned Isis and Horus, and he tortured them
nightly. He plucked out Horus' eye (and his ba with it). Only
his mother's powerful magic kept Horus alive, although that
existence was only a shadow of a life. Finally, forces loyal to
Osiris and Isis staged a daring raid at dawn when Set retired
to sleep, and they rescued the queen and her son. They fled
to the home of Mestha, a humble farmer loyal to Osiris and
to Ma'at. There they hid to plan their next move against Set.

Thoth appeared to Isis and Nephthys ina dream, and he
offered them knowledge that would aid their cause. The
following day, Isis used her magic to gather the scattered
pieces of Osiris' body and bring them together. But his
phallus was missing, eaten by the fish of the Nile, so she
crafted a replacement from wood and ivory. She and Nephthys
bound the pieces together with sinew while Mestha sacri-
ficed a bull, whose blood was poured over the corpse along
with blood given by Osiris' loyal followers. Osiris rose from
the dead once more, but not as he was before.

His time in Duat, the underworld, left Osiris forever
changed. He transcended the curse placed upon him by
Typhon to attain true life once again. He learned much
wisdom from Anubis — the guide and guardian of the dead
—and from the ancient spirits that dwell in Amenti. Word
of his resurrection spread across the land, drawing those loyal
to his cause to gather at Mestha's farm.

Osiris shared the secrets he learned with Isis and
Nephthys, and together they created the Spell of Life. The
enchantment would bestow life eternal, although it was
necessary for the subject to die and enter Duat before

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

returning to life. The spell offered the hope of saving Horus,
but it was uncertain hope at best.

Loyal Mestha offered to be the first to undergo the ritual
in order to test its effectiveness. Isis and Nephthys attended
him, bathed him and prepared him before offering him a
draught of poison that was quick and painless. When the life
faded from his body, the sisters performed the Spell of Life
over Mestha, and he arose, the second to follow in Osiris'
footsteps. They rejoiced, and Isis finally allowed her healing
magic to release Horus from his pain. She let his soul depart
his body before performing the Spell of Life for him, but
Horus' soul was not complete. Itstill lacked his ba, which Set
had taken. They worked the whole day, from sunrise to
sunset, to complete the working of the spell. It required all
the power that Horus' parents could command, but still
Horus' form did not stir.

Set and his forces chose that moment to strike. The
forces loyal to Osiris fought bravely but Set's warriors over-
whelmed them with their greater numbers. Set slew his
sister-wife Nephthys by tearing out her heart with his bare
hands. When Osiris attacked Set, their clash rolled like
thunder across the land. Osiris fought with all the new power
at his command, but he was exhausted and weak, while Set
was filled with the power of Apophis. He used it to engulf
Osiris in a shroud of flames, reducing him to ashes that
scattered on the winds as his soul returned to Duat.

Isis called upon all her magical power as Set advanced
on her, but it was not enough to repel him. Set was the avatar
of the Destroyer, and he could not be stopped. He struck Isis
down and prepared to deliver the killing blow that would
send her to join her sister and husband.

Before he could strike the fatal blow, a shining form clad
in armor appeared between them, wielding a mighty knife.
Empowered by the Spell of Life, Horus was no longer a child.
He had become Horus the Avenging Son. Although Set
fought back, he was no match for Horus' righteous fury.
Horus emasculated Set with his blade, then struck at his own.
eye, which Set still clutched. The blade of Horus pierced the
orb, which released his ba and allowed his soul to become
whole once more. Horus' shining ka form faded away, and
Isis and her allies fled before Set could heal himself. In his
rage, Set slew his own followers, so that they could not repeat
tales of his defeat.

Isis and her allies traveled to the land now called the
Sinai and found shelter with the jackal-folk who dwelled
there. His soul restored, Horus returned to life and grew
healthier and stronger than he had ever been. He and his
mother began to lay the foundations of Set's defeat. Horus
founded the Osirian League, named in honor of his father, a
gathering of allies to fight against Set. Isis began the cult that
bears her name, gathering mortals who were wise in Hekau

OUG RE We

RARARA RAE

yy

Re:


Re z
eee

around her. She taught the Spell of Life to those who were Osiris. Stepping into the grand palace in Amenti, Horus saw
able to learn the secrets of Thoth. the colossal form of Osiris seated upon his throne as King of
Horus worked slowly to build a resistance against Set, the Dead. He called out to his father, but Osiris did not
with the patience only an immortal can know. For years, he answer, stir or speak. His eyes did not waver from the sights
remained in the Sinai, building the Osirian League. He that only he could see. So Osiris remained for thousands of
found allies among the shapeshifters: the jackal-folk, the years, contemplating Ma'at silently.
cat-people and the crocodile-people. However, they Bereft of his father's aid and wisdom, Horus
were ultimately unreliable because they were ee sought to learn what he could about the
mortal and caught up in their own struggles. nature of his new existence and how to
Likewise, the Children of Osiris could maintain Ma'at against the agents of
| not be relied upon, so concerned Apophis. Horus took the mantle of
were they with their own damna- leadership fully upon himself, no
tion and hope of redemption. longer able to rely on either of
| They did supply valuable in- his parents for aid.
sights into the nature of Set's q Horus returned to life
curse, though. In truth, mor- during what is now known
tals proved Horus' greatest as the First Dynasty of
i allies, both the warriors Egypt. He found this
and scholars of the Black rielwiconiosdince he's
Land and the sorcerers the inheritor of
of the Cult of Isis. Egypt's first erue dy-
Set continued to nasty. He also found
tule Egypt during this that the tales of his
time, but the more he family had become
grasped, the more legends in his ab-
power slipped between sence. People who
hisfingerslikesand. His | spoke of him, his
despotic rule caused parents, his uncle,
Egypt'sunity tofracture, his auntand the oth-
splitting the kingdom ers involved in the
apart into warring prov- struggle considered
inces as unrest grew them all to be gods.
steadily on a diet of the The people of Upper
Osirian League's tales of Egypt regarded Horus
Osiris' resurrection and as their patron while the
Set's defeat at Horus' hands. people of Lower Egypt
Finally, Set was forced to with- considered Set theirs. The
draw from the public eye. He tales of Set's evil and
tuled through a series of puppet treachery only forced Set to
4 tulers, pulling their strings from
behind the scenes. For centuries, he
and Horus played a complex game of
strategy with the Black Land as the play-
ing field. Finally, after centuries of conflict
and preparation, Horus returned to Duat to allow
his ba to replenish.

work behind the scenes, even
to the point of using Horus'
name asa mask for his own doings.
The first Pharaohs unified the Two
Lands of Egypt in Horus and Set's names
while the patrons themselves continued their
shadow-war.

The First Dynasty unified Egypt and considered the
THE PHARAONIC AGE: THE Phataoh an incarnation of Horus (which was Sev' idea of
SHEMSU-HERU humor, no doubt). The first parts of The Book of Coming

Forth By Day (more commonly known to mortals of this age
as The Book of the Dead) were set down during this period
as writing in the tombs of the Pharaohs.

Guided by the silent Anubis, Horus traveled through
the Lands of the Dead. His destination was Amenti, the great
city of the dead, where he was reunited with his father,

CHAPTER SIX: THE LANDS OF FAITH


In Horus' absence, the Osirian League crumbled, The
Children of Osiris were driven from Egypt, and the Cult of Isis
became small and weak. Since Isis never chose to undergo the
Spell of Life, she died a mortal death and turned to dust long
before her son returned from Duat. Some claim, however, that
she still exists as a spirit that only her husband can perceive.

Horus began rebuilding the League and gathering his
forces anew to continue the struggle against the minions of
Apophis. His followers convinced Horus to permit others to
undergo the Spell of Life to create new Reborn like him who
could oversee the needs of the League in Horus' absence.
The League scoured all of Egypt for those who were worthy,
and they selected from them three to undergo the rite of
rebirth. I was honored to be among them. We were the first
of the Shemsu-heru, the Children of Horus, and we became
Horus' generals and viziers in the war against Set.

During the Second Dynasty, the Cult of Set grew and
flourished, by promoting rebellions in Lower Egypt to place
Set more firmly in control of the Two Lands. The Pharaoh
Sekhemib ("Powerful In Heart") began his reign as an avatar
of Horus. However, he became an agent of Set, changing his
name to Seth-Peribsen ("Set — Hope Of All Hearts"). His
successor Khasekemwy ("The Two Powerful Ones Appear")
declared himself avatar of both gods to bring about peace.
This declaration allowed him to pursue a war against the
Cult of Ra in Lower Egypt, which likewise allowed Set to
pursue the Cult of Isis.

Our struggles against the forces of Set seemed endless, as
they continued for centuries with no real success. The
League thwarted some of Set's plots, but the corruption that
he spread throughout the Two Lands had deep roots, and we
never successfully confronted Set directly. After centuries of
conflict, we tried to convince Horus to agree to use the Spell
of Life to create even more Reborn. When he agreed, the
Cult of Isis began the slow process of selecting candidates.
Over the next thousand years, some two dozen men and
women were chosen to undergo the Spell of Life, and the
ranks of the Shemsu-heru grew.

STRUGGLES IN THE TWO LANDS

During the Second Intermediate Period (1782-1570
BCE), a desert people called the Hyksos invaded and con-
quered Egypt. They did not do so entirely of their own
accord, but with the prodding and persuasion of sly and
charming agents of Set. The Hyksos seized the Nile delta of
Lower Egypt and began extending their power up the Nile,
dancing unwittingly to Set's tune. A new dynasty was estab-
lished at Thebes to take control of Upper Egypt and keep ties
to the previous dynasty alive while repelling the invaders.
We supported the Pharaohs of Upper Egypt against their
enemies, helping ward off the agents of Set.

After generations of rule, the Hyksos Pharaohs of Lower
Egypt tried to provoke a war to invade Upper Egypt and seize

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

control of it. Instead, Pharaoh Tao II of Upper Egypt took the
opportunity to invade the Hyksos. This invasion sparked a civil
war that lasted throughout the reigns of both of the sons who
succeeded Tao. Pharaoh Amose displaced the Hyksos with our
aid and conquered Nubia as well, reuniting Egypt and driving
out the followers of Set. Priests of the other gods (supported by
the Cult of Isis) suppressed the Cult of Set. Unfortunately, this
suppression led to a series of religious persecutions that affected
other beliefs, including the Hebrews.

Horus hoped that this victory over Set would restore
Ma'at to the land. Alas, the restored line of Pharaohs soon
enough turned their attention toward conquest, wars in
distant lands and self-aggrandizement through the construc-
tion of tombs and statues of themselves. The poison of
Apophis ran deep, and we of the Shemsu-heru spent centu-
ties engaged in struggles to return the Land of the Living to
the proper path. We used the tombs created by the Pharaohs
to conceal our khat during our sojourns to Amenti, returning
to life to continue our never-ending work.

The ceaseless struggle led some of the Reborn to doubt
Horus' cause. After centuries of immortal life, they came to
wonder if they could expect anything more than eternal war
against the forces of isfret. The Reborn named Ishmael raised
these concerns with Horus, and the two exchanged harsh words
that resulted in Horus exiling Ishmael to wander the desert as
Set had done. Others followed Ishmael's example in the centu-
ries after his exile, becoming known as the Ishmaelites, exiles
from the eternal society of the Shemsu-heru.

THE HELLENISTIC AGE:
THE CENTER BREAKS

In 332 BCE, our people welcomed the Macedonian king
Alexander the Great asa liberator from the Persian dynasty
that ruled Egypt for centuries. Alexander visited the Oasis of
Siwah, where a statue of Amun spoke and indicated that
Alexander was to be the next Pharaoh. Alexander founded
acity named for him in the Nile delta, but he never ascended
the throne of the Pharaoh. His wars took him from our land
shortly thereafter, and he never returned. He died of a fever
years later, leaving his work of uniting the known world
unfinished. Some still believe that Alexander's mysterious
fever was the work of agents of Apophis, that was designed
to keep the destined Pharaoh from united the world under
his rule and restoring Ma'at.

Alexander established Ptolemy as governor of Egypt.
After Alexander's death, Ptolemy saw his opportunity and
seized power in the Two Lands. He named himself Pharaoh
and began the Ptolemaic Dynasty. During this time, Horus
was forced to return to Amenti to replenish his ba once more,
leaving the Osirian League in our hands. Sensing weakness
among us, Set and his followers began working to corrupt the
line of Ptolemaic Pharaohs. However, much of their reign


was uneventful and concerned with struggles against their
enemies, the Persians.

Without Horus, the Osirian League began to crumble
again. We lost our direction as we grew tired by centuries of
struggle and were lulled into complacency by the wonders of
the Hellenistic Age and the apparent stability of the Ptole-
maic Pharaohs. We were drawn to Alexandria, that wondrous
city on the shores of the Mediterranean. Some opposed the
arrival of the Greeks while others like myself embraced itand
the lore they brought with them. Effete vampires arrived
along with the Greeks, but they were as children compared
to the Followers of Set. Ptolemy | founded the Museum at
Alexandria and began constructing the Pharos Lighthouse,
one of the Wonders of the Ancient World. It was an
unprecedented age of unity, prosperity and learning. We
were blinded by the glory of it all. We thought we had
achieved the goal that we had sought for so long.

The Cult of Isis swelled with new members as magicians
and mystics flocked to Alexandria, the world's greatest
center of learning. Too many of them proved to be charla-
tans and power-seekers, however, and they watered down
the cult's mystical strength and turned its attention toward
self-aggrandizement rather than duty and the pursuit of
Ma'at. The lore of the cult also spread to other parts of the
world (particularly Greece) through the extensive trade
making its way through Alexandria, and much ancient lore
came from other lands to Alexandria.

The Shemsu-heru weakened, for many of our number
had left to join the Ishmaelites during this time, thinking
that our cause was won. To aid our flagging strength, we
called upon the Cult of Isis to perform the Spell of Life once
more, to create other Reborn to aid our cause. Many more
men and women underwent the Great Rite and were Reborn
into immortal life. Unfortunately, without Horus' guidance,
just as many of these new allies chose to abandon our cause
and seek their fortunes elsewhere, further swelling the ranks
of the Ishmaelites. We also heard scattered tales of The
Secret Writings of Cabirus, an Ishmaelite who claimed to
have knowledge of the Spell of Life. Stories spoke of Reborn
from other lands, particularly Greece and portions of south-
ern Europe, who owed no loyalty to Horus or the cause of
Ma'at. These stories concerned us greatly.

A NEST OF VIPERS: THE CHILDREN OF APOPHIS

Although the demand to create new Reborn was great,
the Cult of Isis grew weaker from the involvement of char-
latans and would-be mystics who were drawn to what they
hoped would be a convenient source of true power. Most of
the Cult's members had little talent for Hekau, much less the
higher Arts of Thoth that the Spell of Life required. The
remaining true priests and priestesses of the cult despaired at
the condition of their order.

Niklos, a Macedonian high priest, made his protégé a
promising young acolyte from Egypt. He sensed a great talent
for the mystical arts in the young man, and he sought to
nurture them in order to find someone to whom he could pass
on the secrets of the Spell of Life. Niklos' apprentice learned
his lessons well — too well, in fact. His skills impressed
Niklos while his beauty and honeyed words won the hearts
of those around him. He was initiated as a priest of the cult,
and he learned the Spell of Life.

However, the high priest's protégé was not devoted to
the cause of Ma'at. He was a pawn of Set, sent to steal
knowledge from the cult. He slew Niklos in his own bed and
led Set's followers to the cult's hidden temple, where they
slaughtered every member of the cult before sacking the
temple and destroying it. The Cult of Isis was shattered, and
the Osirian League suffered a terrible blow.

The traitor took his knowledge of the Spell of Life to
Set, where his master commanded him to use it to create
Reborn who were loyal to Set alone. Seven of Set's followers
underwent the Spell of Life. But the traitor's knowledge was
flawed and tainted by the touch of Apophis. Seven men and
women died, laid out upon Set's foul altars, and seven horrors
returned from the Lands of the Dead. They were the Chil-
dren of Apophis and the enemies of Ma'at, unliving
incarnations of the Devourer that even Set grew to fear.
Rather than being bound to him, the Children served only
Apophis. Only occasionally did they find reasons to ally with
Set and his minions.

As a reward for his treason, the betrayer of the Cult of
Isis was cast into Set's dungeons, where he languished and
suffered tortures at the hands of Set's followers. I admit that
I found even those horrible tortures insufficient punishment
for what the traitor had done. I was seized with a burning
need for vengeance that was greater than anything I have
felt, before or since. I devoted myself to discovering the true
name of the traitor. When I did, I erased it from the Book of
Thoth, ending his existence forever. It was a crime against
Ma'at, I know now, to place myself as judge and executioner
but — like the death of Niklos and the destruction of the
Cult of Isis — it cannot be undone.

THE ROMAN AGE:
THE DIASPORA

When Horus returned from Amenti, more than a dozen
Pharaohs had come and gone from the throne of the Two
Lands. Cleopatra conspired with Caesar, then with Mark
Antony, only to die with a viper pressed against her breast
when her plans turned to dust. Egypt was subjugated under
the vast Roman Empire (and the Roman vampires that ruled
it behind the scenes). For the next 2000 years, our homeland
would never know independence from foreign rule.


A new religion also began spreading through the lands
of Rome, based on the teachings of a Jewish prophet cruci-
fied by the Romans, whom they said rose from the dead and
promised eternal life. The promises of this new cult of
Christianity were familiar to us, but they drew many away
from the old ways of Osiris and Isis. The draw of this new
religion left fewer and fewer recruits to take up the cause of
the Osirian League and the fallen mantle of the Cult of Isis.

Set slept the sleep of the dead, but the Cult of Isis was
no more, as was the League for all intents and purposes.
Horus decided that the defeat of Set and the restoration of
Ma'at would be a far greater task than any of us had ever
imagined. We would need enough patience to watch em-
pires and whole civilizations rise and fall. He gathered in
Alexandria all the Reborn who still heeded him and re-
mained loyal to the cause. When we had come, he issued the
Code of Horus: the pandect that governed us for the next

Winall

places, which they came to know well. I remained in Alex-
andria and watched as the Diaspora progressed. The Reborn.
became more and more comfortable with the passing of
years, and we began to lose sight of our true purpose.

THE LONG WAIT

A series of Arab invasions began in 640 CE, and Arabian
dynasties ruled over the Two Lands. Some of these invasions
may have been inspired by vampires or other agents of Apophis,
but most were more likely motivated by politics and fear of the
mystical forces at work in places like the Arabian deserts. In the
10th century, power shifted away from Alexandria. Cairo
became the capitol of Egypt, ruled by the Fatimid Dynasty
whose empire stretched across North Africa.

The Crusades brought the religious conflicts between Chris-
tians and Muslims into Egypt, along with secret groups of mortals
devoted to hunting and destroying supernatural beings. Their

1 hest

2000 years. He then d the Diaspora,

Jowsof Alexandria

us to travel the world and learn what we could, with the
restoration of Ma'at in mind. I recall his words as though he
spoke them yesterday:

Our homeland is no longer ours; it is held in the grasp of a force
more powerful than we could hope, more dangerous than we could
fear. The Accursed are so much more than the scions of Set; they are
alll the agents of Apophis, and He now lies coiled around the world.

Egypt the mighty has fallen, but it did not fall with the arrival of
Rome. It fell when Osiris received the curse of Caine. We can no
longer strive for Ma'at as long as a single child of Apophis survives.
No ee am I the avenger of my father: I must avenge the world.

owielav W beexiles from that which birthed

d 1 for rest is due only to thi succeeded

in their tasks, and we have many tasks before us. Depart from this land,
seek your fortunes across the world, and remember what we fight for.
There shall be a gathering one day in the future, when the darkness
threatens to engulf us and all hope is lost — and on that day, we shall
triumph over the armies of Apophis. We must prepare for this gathering,
when the armies of Ra and the armies of. Apop phis muster al their might.

bo hy

For

on pea when all of the world lies at stake. We have e blindly tried to see
ion of Egypt, b

ei its borders.

Leave our homeland, and prepare for the coming war.

Horus commissioned a council of Reborn to remain in
Alexandria, making it the central port of call for his wandering
followers to exchange information they learned in their travels.
He also re-established the Cult of Isis, but he did not share the
secrets of the Spell of Life with them. No more Reborn were to
be created without his permission or knowledge.

We wandered the world for centuries after that fateful

day, living our immortal lives, returning occasionally to the."

city of Amenti to replenish our spirits for a return to life.
Over time, many scttled into long cxistences in various

and: ‘iro, although they ydid cause trouble forusonoccasionaswel
Most of the Reborn they hunted were Ishmaelites, however, who
forfeited the protection of the Code of Horus.

The Arab warrior Salah ad-Din (known in the West as
Saladin) conquered Egypt and started the Ayubbid Dynasty
during the Crusades. He brought with him the Mamluks,
mercenaries were sol aves while they were only chil-
‘al Muslims, and they were granted

dren. Mamluks were fana

"THE CODE OF HORUS a

The Code of Horus is a set of tenets that Horus
established as a guideline for the Shemsu-heru when he
declared the Diaspora. It stood for 2000 years, although
many Shemsu-heru acknowledged it more in breech,
than in practice. With the rise of Osiris and the new
Amenti, the Code of Horus has fallen by the wayside as
an artifact ofa past age of the Reborn. Some of its tenets
still apply to modern Amenti, however, particularly
the Second and Fourth doctrines.

I. I am Horus, your Father, the First-Among-
Reborn. Heed my words always.

IL. Combat the minions of Apophis, in all their
divers forms, at all times.

IIL, Consort not with the Accursed, for they are
the special brood of Apophis.

IV. Acknowledge your kinship in Ma'at with oné
another: Never shall one of the Shemsu-heru turn
away another in need.

V. Let not a mortal worship you, for the time of
gods is past, nor let the mortal populace learn of our
existence.

VL. Seek not to create others like us.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

Wy

betanenenynanbate

Babb

ie"

airs


their freedom after years of devoted service. In turn, they
overthrew the Ayubbid Dynasty in the 13th century, replac-
ing it with a Mamluk Dynasty that lasted for over 200 years.

In 1517, Egypt was conquered by the Ottoman Empire,
which established a pasha as regional ruler of Egypt. For
centuries, the Two Lands chafed under Ottoman rule, inter-
rupted only briefly by the arrival of Napoleon Bonaparte, the
conqueror from France, who visited the great pyramids.

By the 19th century, Egypt depended on the wealth of the
British, which eventually led to greater European control over
the Egyptian government until Britain declared Egypt protec-
torate during the First World War. Various national groups
fought against British rule, which led to the declaration of
martial law. Egypt's protectorate status ended in 1922, although
itremained occupied by the British for another 30 years. By this
time, the Osirian League was a mere shadow of its former self,
much like the ancient structures and monuments of our people.
We watched as everything around us crumbled to dust. It was
crushed under the weight of that history, leaving us helpless,
without any true direction.

THE MODERN AGE

In 1952, Colonel Gamal Abd-el Nasser replaced the
English-controlled monarchy with a government based on
Muslim ideals. The now-independent Egypt got involved in
important Middle Eastern events such as the Suez Canal
Crisis, the Six-Day War and other alliances or conflicts with
neighboring nations (particularly Israel over the Sinai Pen-
insula). Egypt has achieved a relative level of peace with the
turning of the new millennium, 2000 years after the coming
of the Christian savior. Hostilities flare in the surrounding
regions just as they have in previous eras. Even in the Land
of Khem, conflicts both new and ancient simmer just be-
neath the surface, waiting only for the right moment to bring
thee boiling up agains

ARABIA:
THE WEB OF FAITH

The lands across the Red Sea from Egypt also play an
important role in the drama of the Reborn. The magic of this
land shapes the future of the Reborn; particularly the work-
ings of Arabian wizards who were born long after Horus
declared the Diaspora of the Shemsu-heru. Their creation,
the Web of Faith, offered a means for Osiris to return to the
world of the living as an agent of Ma'at.

My student Ahmed hails from that land. He once
knew the Subtle Ones and their magic well, so he offers
their history:

JAHILIYYA:
THE TIME OF IGNORANCE

Inthe name of Allah, the Compassionate and the Merciful.

Tam Ahmed ab-Kefre, Reborn through the will of Allah
and his servant, the Lord Osiris, to serve the cause of
righteousness on Earth. In support of this cause, | humbly
offer this lore of the history of my people.

We refer to the time before the appearance of the
Prophet Mohammed (blessed be his name) as the Jahiliyya,
the "Time'of Ignorance," when the people did not know
Allah. Even then, the city of Mecca was considered a holy
place, a center for worship for the Arabian tribes of the
region. Some of the so-called gods that the people wor-
shipped at Mecca were vampires and other creatures of
Apophis who built cults up around them. Magicians traveled
the deserts even in those days, working wonders with their
command over the spirits.

THE TEN THOUSAND DJINN PLAGUE

Not all of the spirits of the desert worked at the behest
of wizards. Across the land, particularly near the Red Sea and
in the area now known as the Empty Quarter, powerful djinn
and ifrit ruled the deserts. They wielded their powers against
hapless mortals and caused chaos wherever they went. The
people called this time of torment the Ten Thousand Djinn
Plague, and they turned to their priests and wise men for aid
against this scourge. Most of these wise men had none to
offer, so cowed were they by the power of the evil spirits.

The sorcerer-king Solomon the Wise used his arcane
knowledge to bind the djinn to his will and his seal, forcing
them to help construct a great temple in Jerusalem. Solomon
forged an alliance with the wizards and wise men in the lands
surrounding his (the Taftani notably among them). To-
gether, they struggled against the Ten Thousand Djinn and
banished most of them beyond human ken. They created a
powerful wall in the spirit world to prevent them from
returning. They bound the rest in bottles, caskets, lamps and
other containers marked with Solomon's Seal, in hopes of
imprisoning the rogue spirits for all time. A few mortals have
stumbled upon the imprisoned djinn since then. Those who
do so discover that the spirits are cunning and willing to do
almost anything to escape their imprisonment.

THE DEVIL-KING AGE

Although the power of Solomon's Seal kept most of the
spirits from returning, some sorcerers heard the siren call of
power from the dark depths of the spirit world. They surrendered
to the wiles of djinn, ifrit and other dangerous spirits that had
been banished. Thus began the Devil-King Age, in which
sorcerer sultans ruled throughout the Middle East using the

CHAPTER SIX: THE LANDS OF FAITH

bel Pec be Eeea CoE cals eelelebeks le


Se ea ar OE

magical powers granted to them by their demonic patrons. The
people were helpless before the devil-kings' power, until the
coming of a greater power, ordained by the will of Allah.

After 500 years of rule by the devil-kings, the Prophet
Mohammed brought the word of Islam to the holy city of Mecca.
Although he was forced to flee from Mecca, Mohammed's
words reached many people, and he gathered an army of
followers around him. Among Mohammed's followers moved
the Subtle Ones — mages opposed to the devil-kings — who
were devoted to upholding peace. Truly, their aid was ordained
by Allah. The Subtle Ones worked their magic to protect
Mohammed and his followers, to strengthen them against the
devil-kings' hordes.

Fighting aseries of battles from the city of Yathrib, the Prophet
and his allies c the forces of the devil-kings. Hi dito
Mecca in 629 CE, where he cleansed the Ka'ba ofall false and pagan
idols. Since that time, the sound of the Keening has wailed in the
spirit world across Arabia, a ward against the devil-kings and their

Unfortunately, it did not last. The idealistic mages realized
too late that the Web inspired faith strongly, but not necessarily
faith in the principles of peace and unity they espoused. At first,
they noticed a proliferation of cults and religious sects through-
out the Holy Lands, ones that usually centered around a
charismatic would-be prophet who was gifted with the skill to
draw upon on the energies of the Web of Faith. The wizards
drove these sects out of the Web, but doing so only ignited
further conflict and persecution.

Events escalated as different faiths drawn to the Lands of
Faith by the power of the Web like flies to honey, and each
claimed the Holy Landsas its own. Eventually, even the wizards
involved in the alliance to create the Web began to take sides,
and forces from Europe invaded the Holy Lands in the Crusades.
The blood that spilled on sacred ground only intensified the
struggle as passions flared out of control.

Fearing the destruction of all that they worked for, the
Subtle Ones revealed themselves in full to their fellow mages

atrons. Somes ‘ollectivescre thefallen
y

A brought the leaders ofthed ihr Maqamut,

devil-kings as they are punished for eternity in Hell. AL-Malek AL
Majun Ibn Iblis, the last of the devil-kings, was overthrown by the
armies of the Prophet in 756 CE, ushering in a golden age for the
Islamic people.

THE WEB OF FAITH

While the followers of Horus wandered the world, wizards
in the Middle East worked their subtle magic. After the reign of
the devil-kings, rogue mages and their demon and djinn allies
still appeared in the desert wastes to prey upon unwary travelers.
Devoted to the cause of unity, the Subtle Ones proposed an
alliance with other sorcerers in their lands. They sought an end
totheconflicts between them and allies to help reinforce the old
wards created by King Solomon.

The Subtle Ones proposed to link the holy sites of the
Lands of Faith magically. Like a network of canals bringing
water to the desert, Sekhem would flow among them, carried by
the power of human faith, through prayer or pilgrimage. This
power would be drawn to a central place, then circulated back
out through the web, like the beating of a great heart. Represen-
tatives of different magical traditions met and discussed the plan
and agreed on the proposal to make the center of the web Mount
Qaf in the spirit world, the most sacred place of the Subtle Ones.

The plan proved more successful than any could have
hoped. Not only did the Web of Faith bring the many different
wizards of the land together in peace, it cast a powerful life-
affirming energy across the land. It stretches across the whole
world, but it is strongest in the homelands of the Subtle Ones
and their allies. The power of the Web drove out the rogue
wizards and the frit. Its energies sparked new hope and inspira-
tion around the world, bringing about a Golden Age unseen.
since the glory days of Rome.

their stronghold on Mount Qaf. Shown the vision of their
Doctrine of Unity, the other factions agreed to do what they
could tostop the fighting. However, the damage was done; what
was set into motion could not be entirely undone.

THE WAR OF FAITH

For centuries, the Subtle Ones maintained the Web of
Faith steadfastly and remained faithful to their own vision of
unity, despite the obstacles in their path. They continued to
operate behind the scenes and seek to bring everything into
the perfect alignment that would allow peace and unity to
flower. Sadly, they were planting seeds in a desert. No vision
of peace, no matter how faithfully tended, lasted for long.

During this time, the Subtle Ones occasionally encoun-
tered the Shemsu-heru as the mummies traveled through their
lands. Likewise, the followers of Horus became aware of the
Web of Faith that spread across the land, even reaching far into
the Two Lands of Egypt. The groups occasionally traded infor-
mation, but the guarded nature of both the wizards and the
Reborn kept either from learning too much about the other.
The Shemsu-heru in particular wished to ensure that no other
mage learned the secrets of the Spell of Life.

In Europe, a faction of wizards gathered, devoted to the
ideals of faith and science rather than mysticism. They
counted among their number those who were displeased
with the outcome of the Crusades and who did not accept the
peace that the Subtle Ones had helped to forge. They
believed that the Holy Lands (and the power that they
represented) should be in the hands of the followers of the
One True God, which was, of course, their God, the Chris-
tian God. Together with enlightened men and women
devoted to science, they formed the Order of Reason. In

anand THE RESURRECTION

13'Yo S


time, the Subtle Ones joined with other mystics
in a Council of Traditions to oppose this

group.

Ultimately, the Traditions proved

unable to match the Order of Reason's
organization or their appeal to the
masses. The ways of the Traditions
were too individualist, to subtle
and often too complex, while the

Order of Reason offered easy an-

swers to their mortal followers. In

the centuries after the Order's

founding, it slowly chipped and

hacked away at the power of the

Traditions, which weakened them

and pushed them further into the

shadows.

The Order of Reason focused
most of its efforts on the lands of
Europe and the discovery of the
New World. The power of the
Web of Faith held it at bay for a
time, subtly diverting the Order's
attention from the Holy Lands as
the Subtle Ones intended. Even-
tually, however, the Order of
Reason turned its attention to the
Lands of Faith and launched an
assault to claim them, under the
guise of controlling the natural
resources of the Middle East.
When their fellow Traditions re-
fused to help protect what they
had created, the Subtle Ones with-
drew from their alliance to protect
the Web on their own. They
failed.

In the terrible battles that fol-
lowed, Mount Qafwassundered, shut
away from the Earth. Both sides were
cast from its slopes, unable to find it
again. The Web of Faith remained,
but it was weakened and no longer
under thecontrol ofany one force. The
Subtle Ones were scattered and bro-
ken, and their fellow wizards turned
their backs on them. Throughout it all,

theRebomfeltripplesintheSekhemofthe
Lands of Faith, but they only observed the
world around them silently, waiting for their

time to come. Such battles did not concem them. .. or
so they believed.

THE DJA-AKH:
THE

SHATTERING
OF AMENTI

Quite so, my student. We did
not believe that such things had
any bearing on the struggle against
Apophis and its minions. Although
we were sent into the world to learn,
our learning focused our attention
inward rather than outward. We
ignored the signs all around of us of
the growth of isfret, the power of
chaos and corruption. We sur-
rounded ourselves with relics and
mementos of the past, and we lost
ourselves in memories of our im-
mortal lives.

Horus passed into Duat again
just after the Second World War.
We expected to wait for some time
for him to return — his sojournis to
Amenti were rarely brief — but we
were surprised when he returned
only years later. He arose filled with
new energy and urgency, and he
began working to marshal his forces
against the growing power of
Apophis.

But the Diaspora weakened the
resolve of the Shemsu-heru. Many
left to join the Ishmaelites over the
centuries. The few of us who re-
mained were bound up in apathy and
the weight of thousands of years of
walking the world of the living with-
out truly being part of it.

Then change came from an un-
expected quarter. War in the Lands

of the Dead shattered the Empire of

ygia in the West and created a raging

maelstrom of unprecedented power and
fury that spread quickly to engulf all the

CHAPTER SIX: THE LANDS OF FAITH

bebetanetastban aban


Tec E Eeas shea

underworld. We called this terror Dja-akh, "ghost storm."
Amenti, the stronghold where Osiris rested in Duat, was torn
asunder by its fury. The souls residing there were caught up in
the talons of the ghost storm. Many were simply cast into the
final nothingness of oblivion, while others were torn apart by
the spectral winds and left only barely able to cling to existence.

The destruction of Amenti and the howl of the Dja-akh
did what nothing before had been able to do: They awakened
great Osiris from his dark throne. The Lord of Resurrection
arose in all his glory. Gathering the tattered remains of the
souls of his followers that swirled in the storm around him,
Osiris' mighty spirit left Duat and the ghost storm behind,
tising toward the Land of the Living.

In a surge of spiritual power, Osiris entered the Web of
Faith and became as one with it, strengthening the Webwith
his own mighty Sekhem. Like in ages past, Osiris' spiritual
body was torn apart by his sacrifice, but the parts of his
essence infused the Web with new strength and released the
soul fragments he gathered from the underworld.

THE REBIRTH

The souls caught up in Osiris' embrace were nearly gone.
Only the strongest part of cach soul survived. Osiris sent them
‘out into the world with his blessing. They sought to join with
incomplete souls that had just died and raise them up to life
eternal. The mortals accepted, and the Amenti spirits joined
with them. Thus did the first of the new Reborn greet the world.
These Amenti felt drawn back to the Lands of Faith, where
Osiris' spirit dwelled.

In the Lands of Faith, the scattered remnants of the
Children of Osiris felt the return of their sire and patriarch, and
they gathered at his command. Through visions and dreams,
Osiris made other (his intent.
He would restore the balance of Ma'at to the world and prevent
the world from falling to the corruption of Apophis. He ap-
peared to his son Horus and commanded his obedience, as well
as that of the Shemsu-heru. The first Spell of Life was no more.
Tt was flawed, Osiris said, but the new Spell of Life that he
granted his followers gifted those touched by it with true life.

Horus gathered us together, and Osiris judged the Shemsu-
heru. Those of us he chose as worthy have ended our
centuries-long existence to undergo the new Spell of Life. We
have been truly resurrected in the cause of Ma'at. Those Osiris
judged as unworthy were reduced to the simplest tem-akh, and
they now go forth to join with a mortal host like the other spirits
who survived the destruction of Amenti.

Yet, not all of our kind heeded the Avenger's call. Osiris
has judged these scattered renegades — among them the
Ishmaelites and Cabiri —as well, leaving them true outcasts.
We of the newly reborn Shemsu-heru join with our Amenti
cousins to renew the struggle against Apophis the Devourer.

Osiris is the life and the resurrection, Ma'at is the way.

THE MODERN LANDS
OF FAITH

The Lands of Faith have a spark of new hope, sheltered
and fanned by those Reborn in the service of Ma'at. It
remains to be seen if the Undying can turn the dark tide of
isfret that threatens to consume the Lands of Faith and the
whole of the world, or if they will be swept away by it as well.

This section provides details on the major regions of the
Lands of Faith as well as the supernatural forces that dwell
there. The information here and in Chapter Eight should be
sufficient to give you an idea of how mumunies interact with
these other groups. You may also refer to the respective
groups' rulebooks — Vampire: The Masquerade, Mage:
The Ascension and so on — for full details.

EGYPT: THE TWO LANDS

The land of Egypt has changed a great deal since its days
as the height of human civilization. Still, the monuments
raised by the ancient Egyptians remain some of the most
majestic in the entire world. Egypt remains at the heart of the
cause of the Amenti, and it is their spiritual homeland.
However, it is also home to the Followers of Set and other
dangerous forces that seek to upset the balance of Ma'at and
extend their influence over the Lands of Faith. The war of
the Amenti begins very close to home, indeed.

Like the rest of the Lands of Faith, Egypt is an embattled
land. Yet, this battle does not rage in the open, where a fragile
peace reigns for the time being. The forces of Ma'at and isfret
struggle in the shadows. More of the Reborn gather in Egypt
than any other land, and they are making their presence known
to the other beings that dwell in the shadows of the Two Lands,
particularly those that threaten Ma'at.

Modern Egypt is made up of two ancient lands, united by
the Pharaohs thousands of years ago. Lower Egypt — so named
because it lies farthest from the source of the Nile although it is
further north — was known as Khem, or "the Black Land." The
name comes from the rich, alluvial soil deposited by the Nile as
it floods its banks. Upper Egypt is known as Deshret or "the Red
Land," and it lies closer to the source of the Nile, but it is mostly
made up of forbidding Resid tothecountry
as Misr, which means "Egypt" as well as "that which is inhabited
and civilized."

ALEXANDRIA: FADED GLORY

Modern Alexandria isa city of some four million people.
Itis situated along the Mediterranean Sea with Lake Mariout
located several miles farther inland. Alexandria is one of the
most cosmopolitan cities in Egypt, and it still carries a strong

MUMMY: THE RESURREC

dbeputatabebate

European influence, although much of its European popula-

bitaberanenanendnan

ie


tion was expelled as a result of the Suez-Sinai War of 1956.
The inhabitants have been making an effort recently to
recapture some of the city's lost Egyptian heritage. The
Amenti encourage this effort carefully, so as not to encour-
age the nationalism and prejudice that comes with it.

Alexandria is Egypt's most important port city, and it
has been since the time of its founding. It handles the vast
majority of the nation's imports and exports along its bus-
tling waterfront. It is a gateway between Egypt and the
outside world, making it of great interest to both the Reborn
and their enemies. As such, it's not surprising that the
majority of the Amenti who manage the hajj to the Lands of
Faith by water arrive in Egypt through Alexandria. The
followers of Osiris keep a close watch on its ports, looking for
signs that another of his chosen children has arrived. Of late,
the forces of Apophis have done the same, hoping to prevent
the creation of any more Amenti.

Ancient Alexandria was the stronghold of the Cult of
Isis and the Shemsu-heru for centuries, and it remains so
today. The Cult of Isi active behind the scenes in
Alexandria, continuing its work to gather knowledge and
occult lore. The cultists do not do so for the greater glorifi-
cation of the cult and its priests, as in times past, but for the
greater glory of Ma'at. Members of the cult assist the Amenti
and perform the Spell of Life that grants them life eternal in
the cause of Ma'at.

The glory of ancient Alexandria — as capitol of Egypt
and greatest center of learning in the world — is largely
forgotten, except by the Amenti and their allies. This
modern ignorance is actually in their favor, though, since
other forces in the shadows of Alexandria have grown lax
tuling the crumbling glory of this ancient place. Although
the Venture and Toreador clans of Western vampires are
active in the city, as are groups like the Setites, none were
prepared for the appearance of the Amenti. Alexandria has
not even had a vampire prince for over 50 years.

The Western vampires quickly grew to regret the lack of
leadership when the Amenti first appeared in the city. The
Amenti declared a quiet war against the vampires of Alex-
andria. At first, the Cainites believed that the Reborn were
some new sort of mortal hunters. After a number of younger
vampires fell to the mummies, the undead saw that there was
much more to these newcomers. The vampires still aren't
sure exactly what they're dealing with, however.

Vampires in Alexandria have discovered the strange
properties of Amenti blood (see p. 145), which has caused
several vampires to go mad with guilt and remorse. Some
vampires see hope in the power of Reborn blood, while
others see only another weapon that the mummies use
against them. Still, despite the heavy toll the Amenti are
taking, the city's primogen have not been able to unite
behind a single candidate to rally their kind.

CAIRO:
THE MOTHER OF THE WORLD

The capitol city of Egypt holds over seven million
inhabitants. As many as nine million more live in the
teeming suburbs and surrounding areas that make up greater
Cairo, such as Giza, the islands Roda and Zamalek, and
regions in Qalubiyya north of Cairo proper. The city is

s

‘THE LOST GLORIES OF ALEXANDRIA

In the distant past, overa thousand years ago, Alexan-
dria was one of the greatest cities in the world, acenter ofart,
_ culture, trade and leaming. The famed Great Library of
"y Alexandriacontained over halfa million different volumes.
The library was largely destroyed during Rome's first attack

on the city of Alexandria. ¥
The crusading Bishop Theophilus finished the job in

K he buildi
raze the building
inthename ofc christianity. Some of the mystics and wizards

at the library attempted to defend it, but their magic proved
insufficient against the anger of the howling mob. (It even
seemed to turn on them.) One old wizard named Hypatia ",
was torn apart by broken shards of pottery when she «+,
attempted a last, desperate spell.

Loyal followers of the Cult of Isis did spirit away some .*
sacred texts, and they have preserved these texts to this day.
Rumors abound of other works that were taken from the
library by the Romans and passed through a succession of
hands over the centuries. Other stories tell of books that
were preserved by secretive wizards elsewhere in the world.
Such works are of great interest to the Amenti.
Alexandria was also famed for the Pharos Lighthouse,
which stood on an island in the harbor. It was built at the
2. © start of the Ptolemaic Dynasty in Egypt. It was the first of its
kind, and it was one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient
World. It stood over 350 feet high, making it the second
tallest structure of the ancient world (after the Great
Pyramids). Itconsisted of asquare base, an octagonal second
stage, and a cylindrical third stage topped by a dome where
the light froma fire shined out. Mirrors reflected the light so
that it could be seen for more than 30 miles at night

The lighthouse stood for nearly.a thousand years,
although it served for the last hundred or so as an Islamic
mosque rather thana beacon. An earthquake destroyed the "
structure in 1375. The ruins were incorporated into a
Muslim fortress a hundred years later. The barrier between.
the spirit and living worlds is notably weak on the island"
wherethe PharosLighthouseoncestood (ShroudRating4),
making it a lighthouse of sorts to spirits in Neter-khertet.

2

ard

CHAPTER SLX: THE LANDS OF anand


= Sh wag

divided into Downtown Cairo, Islamic Cairo, Old Cairo and
Modern Cairo. All of these sections hold places of interest to
the Amenti. Downtown Cairo is centered on Midan Tahrir
or Liberation Square, one of the features planned by English
and French colonialists in Egypt. It includes the Egyptian
Museum, dedicated to the preservation of native antiquities.
The downtown area is also home to the American Univer-
sity of Cairo, Ramses Station (Cairo's main train station)
and a number of tourist hotels.

The Fatimids founded Cairo in the 10th century follow-
ing their conquest of Egypt. They named the city Al Qahira,
"the victorious." The region has been inhabited for thou-
sands of years, and nearly every culture that has contacted
the Egyptians has left its mark on Cairo, from the Persians,
Romans and Arabs to the English and French. Denizens of
Cairo refer to their city by the same name as the country:
"Misr." Seldom, if ever, does a resident use the name given
the city by foreigners.

The city is "ruled" (if such a term can be used) from the
shadows by the vampire prince Mukhtar Bey, a creature from
the 14th century who has exercised his power in the city for
centuries. Bey has run Cairo as a "free city," but the appear-
ance of the Amenti concerns him greatly, even more than
his frequent struggles with the Setites. The Amenti keep a
low profile in Cairo for the moment, learning what they can
about the different factions of the city and working to use the
groups' mistrust and old rivalries to the advantage of Ma'at.

THE CITADEL,

Shroud Rating: 4

The massive Citadel dominates Islamic Cairo. First estab-
lished by Salah ad-Din in 1176, the Citadel has been expanded
upon by Arab and Turkish rulers, notably the Mamluks. Cur-
rently, it consists of three large mosques and four museums.

Of the three mosques, by far the most impressive is the
massive Mosque of Mohammed Ali, built by the ruler who
slaughtered the Mamluks asa reminder of Turkish rule in Egypt.
It is modeled after the Hagia Sophia mosque in Istanbul, with
silver domes and extensive stonework in marble and alabaster.
The mosque features a deep well in the courtyard and thin,
towering minarets.

The museums are the Police National Museum, the
Military National Museum, the Carriage Museum and the
Diamond Palace. Only the Diamond Palace is of any signifi-
cance to the followers of Osiris. Named the Qasr el-Gowhara,
the Diamond Palace was built by Mohammed Ali in 1811
and named for one of his wives. A fire destroyed half of the
Palace in 1974. The surviving half consists of a grand hall
where Mohammed Ali welcomed 500 of his Mamluk allies
and cordially slaughtered them. This slaughter ended Mamluk
influence in Egypt. More than a few restless ghosts haunt the
remains of the Diamond Palace.

BEING KHAWAGA

Egypt hosts vast atumber of tourists each year who
come forsights like the Great Pyramids and the Valley
of Kings. The Egyptian word for tourist is khawaga,.
which most Egyptians take to mean "clueless and rich."
Khawaga are regularly charged higher prices, and "na?
tive guides" often offer them a variety of goods and
services (some of them less than legal) for a price.

The khawaga are given special treatment in some:
For example, unmarried couples can room to-
gether in hotels, while native Egyptians must be married
if they intend to vécupy a room together. Khawaga can
also gamble in casinos,-an activity that is illegal for
Egyptians. Tourists generally get a lot of attention from
people looking to get some of their money.

cases

One means of sponging money from touri known)
as baksheesh, an ancient Arabic tradition. Baksheesh
includes the sort of tipping Westerners are used to. It also
includes payment for small services and special favors.
Almost any small rule can be bent for baksheesh: The
Muslim religious obligation of giving alms is also consid-
aksheesh. Beggars are infamous for performing small

vices (like trying to carry baggage or opening doors) and
demanding baksheesh in return.

THE CITIES OF THE DEAD

Shroud Rating: From 5 (Northern Cemetery in the
day) to 3 (Southern Cemetery at night)

Toth handeast of Islamic Cairo lie the Citiesofthe Dead.
Despite the name, these necropoliactually teem with life. The Cities
of the Dead contain hundreds upon hundreds of tombs and mauso-
leums, built by Egypt's Muslim rulers. In the 1960s, a shortage of
housing in central Cairo, coupled with a general migration to the
city, resulted in many people taking up residence in the burial
chambers and mausoleums — many of which were luxurious by
local sl andres. Now the Cities of the Dead ag are filled with people

cture. Ch h between

the tombs, and children play in the roads of the necropolis. Unlike
1. theCitiesofthel dh

even regular mail se

The Northern Cemetery lies to the north and east of
Islamic Cairo. It features some of the city's finest architecture,
along with wide avenues and courtyards. The more crowded
Southern Cemetery contains the oldest tombs and grave sites.
It is a particularly dangerous place to visit at night, since
criminals and other, far more sinister, things are active there.

most

The presence of the living so close to the homes of the
dead has thinned the Shroud here. The regular visits from
living relations — who often picnic at the grave sites on
weekends — and the presence of people living in the tombs

MUMMY: THE RESURREC

pele

W

roo

ww

7X YY WY

rwww wy

iti

eabebctanebanepsnaneanepananebaneodtal


and burial chambers lead to a thriving necropolis in the
Shadowlands. This area suffered greatly in the Dja-akh, but
already ghosts have returned to repair the damage as best
they can. The Reborn find the Cities of the Dead a useful
place to speak with spirits and perform necromantic rituals.
Vampires have been known to hunt in the Southern Cem-
etery, but even Cairo's vampires are wary of the area's
reputation and the presence of ghosts, who are often protec-
tive of the people who live in their homes.

GIZA

Located across the Nile, the city of Giza is functionally
a suburb of greater Cairo, although it is home to nearly two
million people on its own. Giza has its own industry, but it
thrives mostly off the tourism of people who come to visit its
most famous feature, the pyramids.

THE PYRAMIDS

Shroud Rating: 6 (during the day), 3 (at night)

The Pyramids at Giza consist of three major structures:
the Pyramid of Khufu (or the Great Pyramid), the Pyramid
of Khefra and the smaller Pyramid of Mankare. Surrounding
the pyramids are the smaller Queens' Pyramids, temples,
noble tombs and ancient mastabahs, an early form of Egyp-
tian tomb consisting of a square or rectangular stone house.
The pyramids are one of the world's great tourist sites, and
they attract hundreds of thousands of people to Egypt each
year. Naturally, the area around the pyramids swarms with
locals looking to make pound or two off the gullible.

The Great Pyramid, whose full name is "The Pyramid
Which is the Place of Sunrise and Sunset," was built by order
of the Pharaoh Khufu, who ruled during the Fourth Dynasty
of the Old Kingdom. Khufu was a fairly popular and prosper-
ous ruler, and his popularity allowed him the opportunity to
build such a magnificent tomb. The Great Pyramid is some
450 feet tall, it covers 13 acres of land, and it includes over
2.3 million blocks of stone in its construction, each of which
weighs an average of two and a half tons. Each side of the
pyramid is 755 feet long at the base. It contains three main
chambers, the original burial chamber, the Queen's Cham-
ber and the King's Chamber. The stones of the King's
Chamber fit together so tightly, without mortar, that not
even a thin knife blade can fit between then.

The Pyramid of Khefra was built at the orders of Khufu's
son, atop an outcropping of rock that makes it appear taller
than the Great Pyramid. Khefra also ordered the sculpting of
the Sphinx. Khefra's pyramid is 448 feet high. The smaller
pyramid of Khefra's son Menkare is only 215 feet high anda
tenth of the volume of the other two pyramids. Both have
fairly simple burial chambers.

As some of the most ancient tombs of Egypt, the
pyramids are a symbol of Ma'at and a place close to the Lands
of the Dead. Some Amenti are sure that chambers exist

CHAPTER SIX: THE

pobonabebavabanen

within certain of the pyramids that remain undiscovered by
archeologists. These hidden rooms are reputed to contain
treasures of knowledge from ancient Egypt.

THE SPHINX.

Although the Sphinx dates back to the building of the
Pyramid of Khefra, many speculate that it may be older still.
The Arabic name for the brooding statue is Abul-Hul, "The
Father of Terror." The shapeshifters known as the Bastet
claim that the statue originally honored them, but they offer
no proof of their vainglorious claims. The Sphinx originally
wore another, inhuman, face, but the Pharaoh Khefra or-
dered it chiseled away and replaced with a more human
visage that resembled his own.

Stories attribute the Sphinx with magical powers, in-
cluding the ability to speak to people through dreams and
visions. It is said to keep watch over the pyramids, although
some point out the fact that the Sphinx faces away from the
pyramids, suggesting perhaps that it is watching for some-
thing else.

MEMPHIS AND SAQQARA

Shroud Rating: 4 or less

Memphis lies on the boundary between Upper and
Lower Egypt, and its position signified the unification of
those lands during the First Dynasty. Its original Egyptian
name, Men-Nefer, means "established and good." The city
was the capitol of the Egyptian Empire for thousands of years
until the construction of Cairo, and it symbolized the power
of the Pharaohs. The mud bricks and most of the buildings
have long since given way to time in the Lands of the Living,
but Memphis still exists, and thrives, across the Shroud in
Neter-khertet.

Although the sweeping ghost storm inflicted great dam-
age here, memories of the ancient structures remain as relics
in the Shadowlands. They form the greatest necropolis in all
of Egypt. It is inhabited by the spirits of the restless dead
seeking shelter from the Dja-akh that still rages and from the
former vassals of the Empire of Stygia. These spirits have
little interest in the Lands of the Living, but mummies and
some others come to Memphis to seek their council and
learn the secrets of the past.

West of the ruins of Memphis lies Saqgara, the ancient
burial place of the Old Kingdom from the time of the Third
Dynasty. Saqqara contains a number of tombs and mastabahs
spread over and area of several miles. These ancient sites still
resonate with the harmony of Ma'at and the spirit in which
they were built.

The most famous site in Saqqara is the oldest pyramid in
the world, the Step Pyramid of Djoser-Netcherikhe, built by
famed Egyptian architect and wizard Imhotep over 4500
years ago. A limestone wall surrounds the entire pyramid
complex. The entrance leads into a pillared colonnade hall.

LANDS OF FAITH


The complex contains a courtyard and several smaller struc-
tures that are filled with hieroglyphics devoted to Djoser.
The Pyramid of Unis is located just outside the enclosure in
the southwestern corner. A shaft dug over 70 feet into the
earth leads down to some of the deepest burial chambers near
the pyramid, occupied by Sixteenth-Dynasty nobles of the
Pharaoh's court.

The incomplete Pyramid of Sekhemkhet lies a few
hundred yards to the southwest of the Djoser complex.
Djoser's successor started it, and it was in-
tended to be even more majestic,
but construction was aban-
doned long before it was
finished. Archeologists
uncovered itin 1951.
To the southeast lie
the abandoned ru-
ins of the
monastery of St.
Jeremiah, which
was founded in the
5th century CE,
and attacked fre-
quently by raiders.
It has been aban-
doned for
centuries, its re-
maining — relics
looted or taken to
museums. The
desert sands are
quickly overrun-
ning the remaining
ruins, making it a
useful place for co-
vert meetings and
activities.

Saqqara has
dozens of other
tombs, mastabahs
and ancient
temples, which tie
the area strongly to
times past and the
Lands of the Dead.
Tombs here are nu-
merous, and many of
them are closed to the
public for preservation
reasons, making them well-
suited to the
Reborn who

have sufficient connections or the ability to cause mortals to
look the other way.

ABYDOS

The ruins of Abydos lie along the Nile in Middle Egypt.
Although of only mild interest to tourists — who are more
drawn to sites like Giza and Luxor — Abydos is of vital
importance to the Amenti. The city was the stronghold of
the Cult of Isis and the Children of Osiris for centuries.
Legend says that Abydos is where Osiris' head
fell after Set tore his body into pieces,
and that it is where his re-
mains were interred after
Set cast him into the
Lands of the Dead
for thesecond time.

It is perhaps the
most important
site within the
Web of Faith for
the Reborn.
MiddleEgyptis
a troubled area that
is often subject to
martial law. Travel
inthe region is often
restricted, making it

difficultforvisitorsto
reach Abydos, but
also keeping the ca-
sual touristsawayand
preserving the
tity of the site.
Most of the
original city of
Abydoshasvanished
fromthe Landsofthe
Living, leaving only
a few recognizable
tuins. In Neter-
khertet, however,
Abydos exists as a
nectopolisofancient
buildings and
temples devoted to
Osiris, It survived the
ghost storm virtually
unscathed, and it serves
as a safe haven for spirits
that come there, as long as they
follow the dic-
tates of Ma'at.

ance


,

‘THE TEMPLE OF SETI I

Shroud Rating: 2

All that remains of the once grand temples and other
structures is the Temple of Seti I, a Pharaoh of the Nineteenth
Dynasty. The magnificent temple has been partially recon-
structed, and it includes many chambers, including the Inner
Sanctuary of Osiris and a chapel devoted to Osiris and Isis. The
Inner Sanctuary is considered the most sacred of sites by
followers of the Lord of Resurrection. A guarded tomb site is
located behind the temple, and the Reborn can sleep the sleep
of the dead there until the resurrection of their khat.

THE LADY OF ABYDOS

The keeper and guardian of Abydos is a mummy with an
unusual history. In 1907, three-year-old Dorothy Eady fell down the
stairs of her home in England and was pronounced dead by a local
doctor. When he retumed to Dorothy's room an hour later, the
doctor found her quietly playing on herbed, alive and well. Not long
thereafter, the girl began insisting that she was an ancient Egyptian
priestess, and she begged tobe taken he E S |
aprietesat the Temple of Seti in Abydes in ancient Eaypt After
achance thetemp fallen in love with
the Pharaoh Seti, and they begana love < affair, hich wasagainstthe
tules of the priesthood. When the high priest discovered her
indiscretions, the priestess took her life, rather than betraying her
love and revealing the truth.

Dorothy Eady devoted her life to Egyptology and worked
forthe Egyptian Department of Antiquities for 20 years earning

of temples and the burial sites of many Pharaohs. Naturally, the
influx of tourists and money has spawned a society of competi-
tive hotel-owners, would-be guides and confidence men.

Considering its ancient associations with temples and the
priesthood, Luxor is of great interest to the Cult of Isis — and
to the Children of Set —as a repository of ancient knowledge.
The ruins of the temples and their associated tombs contain
secrets that belonged to the priests of ancient Egypt, things that
may aid the cause of Ma'at in the modern world orallow servants
of Apophistoovertum it. The Cultofsisalsoperformsthe Spell
of Life here among the most sacred relics of the Two Lands.
Mummies explore the nearby valleys for forgotten tombs, and
they maintain their own hidden tombs there.

THE TEMPLE AT LUXOR

Located along the shore of the Nile in the center of
downtown Luxor is the ancient Luxor Temple, which was built
primarily during the reign of Amenhotep III on top of a Middle
Kingdom site. The temple is a popular tourist attraction that
features granite statues of Ramses I] and inscriptions honoring
Amenhotep, Julius Caesar and Alexander the Great (each of
whom visited the temple in their times).

The temple served as a ceremonial joining-place Asie gods,
During the Opet festival each year, the statues of Amun and tis
consort Mut k ‘by Kamak T
onaceremonial boat to travel: om the Nile. They were carried on.
the shoulders of priests into the sanctuary of the Luxor Temple,
where they spent 24 days and nights together. This joining com-

the respect of some of the world's most

In 1956, she transferred to the ancient site of Abydos where she
oversaw reconstruction work on the temple, demonstrating
uncanny insight into its design and original state. She became
known to the local people as Omm Seti, and she worked in the
temple for 25 years, aiding reconstruction, performing prayers
and making offerings to the gods. She left the Lands of the
Livingagain in 1981 and her body was interred in the desert near
the temple.

Through the grace of Osiris, the Lady of Abydos has
returned. Omm Seti rose from the dead, young in body, old in
spirit, to continue caring for the sacred temple she worked so
hard to restore. The followers of Osiris respect her wisdom and
insight (and her clear memories of ancient Egypt). She helps
them keep Abydos at the heart of their quest for Ma'at.

LUXOR

Although Memphis was the ancient capitol of Egypt,
Thebes (located much farther up the Nile), was the nation's
administrative center. The moder city of Luxor stands there
now, and Thebes has been reduced to no more than an ancient
collection of ruins across the Nile. The small city of Luxor is
home to a thriving tourist economy due to its proximity to
several of Egypt's most famous ancient sites, includinga number

1 the ion of the moon god Khonsu.
THE TEMPLE AT KARNAK.

The temple at Karnak is the most majestic and complex
ancient temple in modern Egypt, dedicated to the sun god
Amun and his family. Known as Ipet-isut, "the Most Sacred of
Places," Karnak is located several miles north of the Luxor
Temple. The Avenue of the Sphinxes connects the two sites.
The statues that originally lined its entire length now coveronly
a short distance from the Karnak Temple. A sandstone wall
surrounds the complex. It contains numerous halls, which are
lined with and supported by great columns, along with statues
and many obelisks commemorating the Pharaohs and the gods.
A sacred pool lies in the temple courtyard, in which priests
would ritually bathe themselves before entering the temples.

Karnak became the principle residence of the Pharaohs during
the Eighteenth Dynasty, and each Pharaoh continued to expand
and modify the complex forthe further glory of Amun (and, usually,
himself). During the Nineteenth Dynasty, Karnak became known
as "the Throne of the World." The Pharaohs' interest in Karak
largely lapsed after the Twenty-Fifth Dynasty, although it remained
an important spiritual center. Now it is mainly a tourist attraction,
although the Cult of Isis has an interest in the site, and it maintains
access to the temple's chambers.

CHAPTER SIX: THE LANDS OF FAITH

Vids EEA cae belch eskl sbeebs sls ee


THE VALLEY OF KINGS

Shroud Rating: 3

Across from Luxor on the western banks of the Nile lie the
tuins of ancient Thebes, including a number of mortuary
temples dedicated to Pharaohs like Ramses I, Amenhotep III,
Seti | and Hatshepsut. Hundreds upon hundreds of tombs can
be found in this area. They belonged to various nobles, artisans
and other notables of ancient Egypt throughout many centuries
and dynasties. Nearly all of the tombs have been explored, but
mostare not open to the public, which makes them useful to the
Reborn who need them.

Several miles west of the remains of Thebes stands a white,
chalky mountain peak that holds one of Egypt's greatest and
best-known ancient sites, the Valley of Kings. When the rulers
of later dynasties of Egypt grew concerned with protecting their
tombs from robbers, they chose to build the tombs in a narrow
valley that was guarded by high cliffs on three sides and
accessible only through a single, narrow pass. Unfortunately,
the plan proved less than successful. Most of the tombs in the
Valley of Kings were plundered long before they were re-
discovered in the modern era.

The valley contains 64 known tombs, including the fa-
mous tomb of Tutankhamun (King Tut) discovered in 1922 by
British archeologist Howard Carter. A certain number of tombs
are open to the public at a time, although which specific ones
are open simultaneously rotates on a regular basis to offer some
variety and minimize the wear and tear on the ancient sites.
Gravel paths wind their way through the valley from site to site.

Ancient memories that well up in the Amenti speak of
undiscovered tombs in the Valley of Kings, as well as certain secret
entrances. The Amenti use these sites variously to perform the Spell
of Life and as resting places for the khat between life cycles. Most
visitors who conduct such business in the Valley of Kings do so at
night, away from the prying eyes of tourists.

THE VALLEY OF QUEENS

Shroud Rating: 4

Not far from the Valley of Kings lies the Valley of Queens,
aspecial burial area for the wives and children of the Pharaohs.
Families were often interred with the Pharaoh, but this practice
changed in the New Kingdom era during the rule of Ramses I.
Some 30 tombs have been discovered in the Valley of Queens.
Most are less lavish than those in the Valley of Kings, although
some —such as the tomb of Queen Nefertari —are remarkably
preserved. Like the Valley of Kings, this valley contains hidden
tombs known only to the Amenti and other followers of Osiris,
who use them to carry out theirsecret business on sacred ground.

THE SINAI
This peninsula forms the Asian portion of Egypt, and the
border between Asia and Africa is located at the Suez Canal.

The Sinai borders Israel and Palestine to the northeast, and it
has often been the site of disputes between Egypt and Israel,
including the Six-Day War and the Yom Kippur or Ramadan
War. In ancient times, the Sinai was the site of wars and
invasions of Egypt by foreign powers. Horus and his followers
fled to the Sinai after his resurrection through the Great Rite,
where he planned his revenge on Set for many years.

Most of the peninsula is arid and inhabited solely by
wandering tribes of Bedouins, with a few more settled areas
along the Mediterranean coast. The Shroud is often notably
weaker in the depths of the desert, which allows beings from the
spirit world to slip through into the Lands of the Living. The
Bedouins tell tales of encountering such things, although many
of the stories are just tales. Few who actually encounter iftit live
to tell.

MOUNT SINAI

And mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke, because the
Lord descended upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof descended
as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly.

—Exodus 19:18

Shroud Rating: 3

Inthesouthem tipofthe peninsula rises the holy Mount Sinai.
It is the mountain that Moses climbed to receive the Ten Com-
mandments while the Israelites builta golden calfat its base. As one
ofthe only placesin the Old Testamentwhere God revealed Himself
directly to His people, Mount Sinai is considered a sacred site in
Hebrew, Christian and Muslim theology. Although the Book of
Exodus forbids anyone from touching the mountain, thousands of
pilgrims and tourists visit on a regular basis.

Inthe valley below the mountain —which is said to be the
site where the burning bush appeared — rests St. Catherine's
Monastery, which was founded in the 3rd century CE by
Christian hermits and mystics. The monastery was officially
founded and supported by Empress Helena, mother of
Constantine the Great. In the 1600 years since then, the
monastery has enjoyed the protection of whoever ruled the
Sinai, and it has never been conquered. Pilgrims of all faiths are
welcome at the monastery. In addition to the Byzantine archi-
tecture, the greatest item of interest at St. Catherine's is the
monastery's extensive library, which contains over 8,000 books
and manuscripts. It is second only to the Vatican's library as a
repository of ancient texts, and it is of great interest to the
Reborn who seek knowledge of the ancient world.

PERSIA:
THE LAND OF PEACE

The lands once known as Persia are now locked in struggle
with each other and with much of the rest of the world over
matters of politics and faith. Their ancient glories and ruins call

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


a

to the Amenti as do the agents of Apophis that lurk in the
shadows stoking the flames of conflict and feeding off the results
of their work.

Although the servants of Apophis and Set were at first
taken aback by the power of the Web of Faith, they have learned
to pervert its power to their own ends by spreading religious
extremism and conflict, and by sowing the seeds of mistrust and
intolerance. The Amenti struggle to prevent the power of faith,
their greatest strength, from being turned against them.

IRAN

The Islamic Republic of Iran is home to over 66 million
people, most of whom are conservative Muslims. It is ruled by
anayatollah, whoser piritual leader,aswell
asanelected president. Iran hasseen almost adecade of war with
its neighbor, Iraq, and the cities bear scars from that conflict.
The ghosts of buildings destroyed by bombs and artillery stand
silently in the Shadowlands, and the ghosts that died in the war
take shelter within them against the winds of the Dja-akh.

Iran is one of the most mountainous nations on Earth.
Nearly all the cities are at least 1000 feet above sea level. This
geographical arrangement leads to milder summers but colder
winters, and the highcr mountains often

While many Iranians rail against "the Great Satan" (i.e.,
America), most are unaware of the corrupt forces at work in
their own cities. Agents of Apophis skulk here, both in the
region's oil-drilling trade and behind mysterious disappearances
and deaths in some of the overcrowded cities. They slither like
serpents through the shadows, whispering poisoned words into
the right ears to bring about conflict and sustain the religious
and political forces that keep the nation from achieving peace
with any of its neighbors.

TEHRAN

Originally the capitol of Persia in 1788, the city of Tehran
is capitol of modern Iran. It is situated on a high plateau in
northern Iran, over 3000 feet above sea level. The city was
renovated heavily in the early- to mid-1900s, so many of its
construction is fairly new. Tehran is home to over 10 million
people — possibly much more, given the fact that the govern-
ment hasn't performed an accurate census in some time. The
city's primary industries are oil, food processing, textiles and
construction materials (mostly brick and cement).

PERSEPOLIS

Shroud Rating: 5

Persepolis — Greek for "City of the Persians" — was built
by the ancient Persian Emperor Darius 1. It is located atop a 50-
foot-high outcropping of stone projecting from a mountainside,
which was created by cutting and leveling the rock in an area
some 1500 feet by 900 feet. Construction took 60 years and the
reign of two other Persian emperors to complete. Persepolis

snow.

then served as the spring and summer palace of the Persian
emperors, while the capitol remained in Susa. Once each year,
subjects from the 20 provinces of the empire brought tributes to
the emperor at Persepolis.

Alexander the Great conquered Persepolis in his invasion
of Persia in 330 BCE, and he burn the palace to the ground. The
city was too remote to bother rebuilding, and the sands of the
desert claimed Persepolis for centuries until archeologists un-
covered it in the 1930s.

Persepolis is one of the places in Iran where the Shroud is
weakest. Even the palace remains in the realm of Neter-khertet,
albeit in tatters. These factors make the area of interest to the
Amenti, as well as to djinn. Strange sightings are sometimes
reported in or near the ruined city as mad wizards and djinn
appear from the swirling sands of the desert to work their
mysterious magic.

IRAQ_

Iraq isanation torn by strife. The Iraqi Republic has fought
a war against neighboring Iran, fought a civil war against
Kurdish inhabitants and invaded its southern neighbor Kuwait,
sparking the brief Gulf War with an international coalition led
by the United States.

The Tigris and Euphrates Rivers flow through Iraq, and
many scholars believe the area may be where the Biblical
Garden of Eden was located. Legends speak of the dark-mother
Lilith walking the nighttime deserts of Iraq, and of the first
vampire, Caine, traveling through them after being cursed by
God. The grip of the forces of Apophis is strong in this land of
peace that has been twisted into a stronghold of war.

BAGHDAD: THE ABODE OF PEACE,

The height of Muslim rule and once the center of a great
empire, the city of Baghdad was founded by the Abbasid Caliph
Mansur in 762 CE on a plain between the Tigris and Euphrates
Rivers. The city's official name was Dar al Salaam (or Abode of
Peace), but it was generally called Baghdad after the village that
originally stood on the site. The city became the center of
Muslim art, culture, philosophy and religious thought as well as
political power. Members of the AhL-i-Batin often walked the
streets of ancient Baghdad, and the city held astronomical
observatories, universities and great libraries that sparked much
rescarch into the unknown.

However, the glory of Baghdad was not eternal. The city
wassacked by Mongol invaders and destroyed by conquerors. By
the time the British captured Baghdad from the Turks in the
early part of the 20th century, most of its ancient glory was gone.
The heart of the city has since moved to the other side of the
Tigris River, and almost nothing of the glorious city of marble
remains except for a few ancient buildings. It has pleased the
agents of Apophis to transform the Abode of Peace into a city
torn by wars, blasted by bombs and cowed by air raids.


The tiny nation of Kuwait, located on the Persian Gulf, is
mostly barren desert, and only modern irrigation allows any sort
of agriculture there. Most of the nation's drinking water comes
from the desalinization of seawater from the gulf, for which large
plants have been set up along the coast. Nearly the only thing

of value in Kuwait is its crude oil, yet that oil is valuable enough
that Iraq invaded and attempted to annex Kuwait, only to be
forced out by a United Nations coalition.

ISRAEL: THE HOLY LAND

The stretch of land along the Mediterranean Sea between
Egypt and Lebanon plays an important role in the history of
three major religions. Few other places in the world have been
fought over so often throughout history, and much blood has
been spilled on this holy land in the cause of faith, even in the
modem day.

The center of the Holy Land is the city of Jerusalem in the
heart of Israel. The city was the capitol of the Jews—witha brief
interruption during the Babylonian Exile — from the time of
King David in 1000 BCE until the Roman Empire banned them
from it in 130 CE. The government of Israel has claimed all of
Jerusalem. This claim goes largely unrecognized, although Is-
raeli authorities do control the city. This caused considerable
resentment on the part of Jerusalem's Palestinian population,
which joined in anti-Israeli actions. A peace agreement be-
tween Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization led to a
measure of self-rule for the Palestinians, although conflict has
never died completely, and it flares up from time to time.

The Old City of Jerusalem remains separate and distinct
behind centuries-old walls built by the Turks. It is surrounded
onall sides by the more modem city that is home to nearly half
amillion people. Walking the streets of the Old City, one can
almost imagine living in the time of the Crusades. To preserve
the Old City's atmosphere, local regulations restrict building
within and limit new construction outside its bounds.

Jerusalem is home to numerous ancient holy sites. It was
originally the site of the temple built by King Solomon to house
the Ark of the Covenant. The forces of King Nebuchadnezzar
II destroyed the temple in 588 BCE. The Jews raised a second
temple in Jerusalem in 516 BCE that the Romans destroyed in
70 CE. Modern-day Jews believe that the last remnant of the
Second Temple is the Western Wall — also known as the
Wailing Wall — in the Old City.

The Via Dolorosa (Path of Sorrow), the route Jesus walked
from his condemnation to his crucifixion, cuts through the Old
City. It ends at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, which was
founded by St. Helena (the mother of Emperor Constantine) at
Golgotha. The site of Christ's burial, itremains one of the oldest

Yn
sites of Christian pilgrimage in the Holy Land. The church has
been destroyed, rebuilt and renovated many times. A number of
different Christian denominations hold it now, including the
Franciscan Order, the Greek Orthodox, Coptic, Armenian,
Syrian and Ethiopian churches. The church contains the tomb
(sepulcher) where Jesus' body was laid to rest.

The Temple Mount isa hill in the southeastern corner of
the Old City, and it is considered one of the holiest spots on
Earth. It is identified with Mt. Moriah in the Bible, where
Abraham was called upon to sacrifice his son Isaac. King
Solomon built the first Temple of Jerusalem here. The Second
Temple was the site of the Passion of Christ. It was destroyed by
the Romans and replaced with a temple to Jupiter. Larer, the
Prophet Mohammed is said to have ascended to Heaven from
the hill. The Muslims built the Al Aqsa Mosque and the Dome
of the Rock on the spot to honor the event. The Dome
surrounds a slab of stone that Muslims believe was Abraham's
makeshift altar. It is considered the third holiest site in the
Muslim world after Mecca and Medina.

The powerful faith that is associated with the city draws
many of the Amenti to Jerusalem. The Web of Faith is exceed-
ingly powerful here, which allows the Reborn to study and work
toward a greater understanding of Ma'at among the holy places.
The influence of Apophis can also be felt in the struggles that
threaten to tear the Holy Land apart. More than a few of the
Undying have noticed similarities between the story of Osiris'

resurrection, the resurrection that took place in Jerusalem and
their own rebirth. They ponder what it means for their under-
standing of Ma'at.

Jerusalem is also home to the secretive University of Light,
analliance of Kabbalistic magicians that helped found the Ahl-
i-Batin centuries ago. The mages of the University continue
their studies of the secrets of the Kabbalah, and they support the
goals of the Subtle Ones. The resurgence in power of the Web
of Faith is of great interest to them. They have made tentative
forays to learn more about the Amenti and their goals, seeing in
them potential allies but fearful of the dangers of exposure.
MASADA

Shroud Rating: 3

Southeast of Jerusalem, the Judean wilderness reaches the

shores of the Dead Sea. The southern edge of the sea was the site of
the biblical cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, upon which rained

"brimstone and fire" as a punishment for the behavior of their
i i \ shoresofthe Dead
Sea rises a high rocky plateau called Masada. Here the Jews made
their last stand against the forces of the Roman Empire in 73 CE.
When the Jews realized that they could no longer hold out against
the Roman army, they chose to take their own lives rather than be
conquered. The Roman soldiers entered Masada only to find the
bodies of the dead. Not surprisingly, Masada is a haunt for many
Hebrew and Roman ghosts.

ome 20milestothe

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

pabababapate

pelt takes tec cece bebe eb

Nid


q

THE WEST BANK.

The region on the western bank of the Jordan River is in
dispute between the government of Israel and the Palestine
National Authority, the provisional ruling body of the govern-
ment of Palestine. The West Bank is currently under Israeli
occupation, although the two governments share control of the
region. The vast majority of the area's population is made up of
Sunni Muslims. Tensions often run high here, and conflicts
between Israeli settlers and Palestinian inhabitants erupt with
increasing violence.

BETHLEHEM

The cityof Bethlehem, some fourmilessouthwestof Jerusalem,
isa birthplace many times ower King David was bom here in the
1 thcentury BCEandanoi het Samuel. Rachel, the
wife of Hebrew patriarch Jacob, died and was buried in Bethlehem.
Her tomb remains a holy site for Jewish pilgrims at the entrance to
Bethlehem on the road from Jerusalem, where itis marked by asmall
structure with a white dome.

biskol

shrines stand in the city, including a sixth-century synagogue
anda Greek Orthodox monastery. Past the synagogue is Elisha's
Spring, where the life-giving waters of the oasis flow.

After the Roman conquest of the Jews, Jericho remained
little more than a tiny oasis town. After the modern creation of
the nation of Israel, the town swelled with thousands of Pales-
tinian refugees. Eventually, Jericho fell underthe administration
of the Palestinian National Authority and became its headquar-
ters. The city flies the Palestinian flag, and images of Yassir
Arafat are everywhere.

JORDAN

Israel's closest Islamic neighbor, the nation of Jordan, has
long been opposed to the Jewish nation, but the two nations
recently negotiated a peace treaty. The modern kingdom of
Jordan was created when the British government granted the
country to the Hashemite royal family, which traces its lineage
back to the Prophet Mohammed. The current king is Hussein
bin Talal, who took the throne in 1953 at the age of 18, after the

Bethlehem is most famous as the f Jesus. In her
visit to the Holy Land, St. Helena determined the location of
the Nativity. Her son Constantine established the Church of
the Nativity overa grotto in Bethlehem. The scholar St. Jerome
produced the Vulgate, his Latin translation of the Hebrew Old
Testament, here in the 4th century CE. The Western and
Eastern (Roman and Greek) Catholic Churches disputed over
control of the Church of the Nativity for centuries. Currently,
the Greek Orthodox Church owns it, and the Roman Church
occupies the nearby Church of St. Catherine. Pilgrims of all
faiths are permitted to enter and visit the church,

Christmas has become a great festival event in Bethlehem,
particularly following gthe tremendous number of pilgrims and

dtheCt dNew Year'scelebra-
tion at the end of the millennium. At Christmastime, the city
hosts the huge crowds of people who seek to celebrate the birth
of the savior.

JERICHO: THE OLDEST CITY

The city of Jericho is located in a lush oasis of date palms
and orange groves in the midst of a desert plain northeast of
Jerusalem. Ruins discovered not far from modern Jericho sug-
gest that the area may have been settled as much as 10 thousand
years ago, making Jericho the oldest known city. (At over 700
feet below sea level, it's also the world's lowest city.)

Jericho is famous in the Bible for its capture by Joshua, who
sent seven priests to march around the city blowing ram-horn
trumpets every day for seven days. On the seventh day, the
priests blew their trumpets and Joshua called upon the people
saying, "Shout; forthe Lord hath given you the city." The people
shouted, and the walls of Jericho fell. The Prophet Elijah also
visited Jericho before traveling to the river Jordan, where he
"went up by a whirlwind to Heaven." A number of religious

of his grandfather and the resignation of his
brother due to mental illness. He has guided Jordan's future
since then, or so it has appeared to the outside world.

The true ruler of Jordan is a creature named Talaq, a mens

hi pire ofthe A clan whe f
nearly 1900 years ago when the Romans sacked the ancient city
of Petra. Talaq sought revenge against the Romans and the
Setites who manipulated them behind the scenes. Over the
centuries, he saw the Roman Empire crumble and made a deal
with a powerful Jewish Kabbalist to return him to a semblance
of true life, but with a greatly extended life span and most of his
vampiric powers still intact.

Talaq killed and impersonated Hussein Ibn Ali and be-
came Sharif of Mecca using his identity. "Hussein" was later
made Amir of the newly created Transjordan in 1921. The
current king of Jordan is Talaq's great-grandson, and the death
of King Hussein's grandfather was a plot by the Assamites to
draw Talaq out of hiding. For years, Talaq played a dangerous
game, holding off the Assamites, Setites and other enemies that
sought his life. His recent troubles came froma most unexpected
source.

For centuries, Talaq held the lost city of Petra, using it as
a hidden stronghold. When the ghost storm tore through the
Shadowlands and Osiris rose up to join with the Web of Faith,
the Shroud sundered in Petra. This event allowed powerful
wizards known as the Taftani to return to the world, along with
their djinn servants. The mages cast out or destroyed the
servants of Talag in Petraand claimed it for their own. Talaq was
fortunate to be away from the lost city when the Taftani arrived.
Talaq has since been unable to reclaim it without risking
exposure of his true identity or of Petra's existence.

Jordan's capitol city of Amman grew from a sleepy village
of some 6000 people in 1948 to a population of over a million,

CHAPTER SIX: THE LANDS OF FAITH

SS

gsi

w


stretching the city's rapidly growing seams to burst-
ing. Jordanians make up a small minority of the
city's population. The rest are largely Pales-
tinians, refugees or their descendents,
along with a large number of Iraqi and
Kurdish refugees of the Gulf War.
Amman is rapidly working to mod-
ernize in the face of the rapid
population growth,

PETRA: THE LOST CITY
Tothesouthand westofAmman,
in the Jordanian highlands, lies the
ancient city of Petra, which had been
lost for nearly a thousand years. In our
world, the lostcity of Petra wasfound in
1812 by Swiss explorer Johann
Burkhardt and opened up to archeo-
logical study and tourism. Amongother
things, it served as the final resting
place of the Holy Grail in the movie
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. In
the World of Darkness, however, Li
Burkhardt'sexpeditionneverretumed,
killedby"maraudingbandits" thatwere

ee
seized control of the ancient city. A particular Weaver
sect, the Kahin, control Petra, and its members
travel there to receive the wisdom and in-
sight of their great teachers. Taftani magic
makes it difficult for any intruder to
approach Petra without facing terrible
sandstorms or, worse yet, guardian
djinn. Still, Talaq wants nothing

more than to reclaim his ancient
home, and he may seek the aid of the
Amenti in order to do so.

SYRIA

After many years as a largely
closed nation, Syria has begun to
open its border, by permitting (even
encouraging) tourism. Itscapitol city,
Damascus, was once the heart of the
Islamic Umayyad Empire for close to
a century, which was a period of
tremendous growth and prosperity
for Islam. Damascus languished when.
the Abbassid caliphs moved their
capitol to Baghdad, and the city
passed through various Muslim hands
over the years. The Ottoman Empire
controlled Syria until after World
War I, when the League of Nations
placed it under French control. Syria
won its independence in 1946, and
Damascus became the new nation's
capitol.

actually Naba warriors in service to
Talag, Petraremainsa lost city,and few
people in the World of Darkness know
of it or its location. As it stands now,
both Talaq and the current masters of
Petra want to keep it that way.

A narrow, winding canyon
leads into the mountains where
the city nestles. Rock walls
over 200 feet on either side of the
passage, virtually blocking out the
sun. The maze of canyons within
the mountains is filled with an-
cient ruins from a city once
inhabited by the Romans and the
Nabateans before them. Petra,
Greek for "rock," includes a Ro-
man amphitheater, a number of
fantastic tombs and temples, giant
statues carved from the solid rock
of the cliff-faces and tunnels and
caverns that extend back for hun-
dreds of yards.

Petra was once the secret stronghold
of Talaq and his mortal followers, the Naba.
Recently, the wizards known as the Taftani or
"Weavers," and their djinn allies

Damascus isan ancient city, fea-

oar up
turing many old mosques and

buildings, including an Islamic for-
tress dating back to the 1200s. The
city was Salah ad-Din's headquarters
through much of the Crusades, and
the famous Muslim general is en-
tombed here under a red dome in a
peaceful garden mausoleum.

LEBANON

Not long ago, Lebanon was the
jewel of the Middle East. It was a
gateway nation for Europeans who were
interested in sampling Arabian culture
and Arabs who were looking fora place to
enjoy a touch of decadence and engage in
activities scorned by other nations. At least a
partofLebanon'scharmcomes from
the long influence of France in the

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

a


ar,

THE KEENING (Sy Samat

The Keening isa spiritual cry that can be heard only by enemies of Ma'at (including vampires, bane mummies,
fomori and so forth) in the Arabian Peninsula. It is strongest near the holy cities of Mecca and Medina, and it
appears to be tied to MohamThe Keening

The Keening is a spiritual cry that can be heard only by enemies of Ma'at (including vampires, bane mummies,
fomori and so forth) in the Arabian Peninsula. It is strongest near the holy cities of Mecca and Medina, and it
red black stone kept in the Ka'ba in Mecca. «i

appears to be tied to Mohammed's cleansing of those cities and the s
In Arabia, the vampires — or ashirr
to a tolerable level. These rituals allow the creatures to continue to dwell there, but the Keening still causes
difficulties for them and others who are touched by the corruption of Apophis. 74

All enemies of Ma'at hear the sun rise and move across the sky, as the sound of the Keening grows froma muted»
rumbling to a roar that howls across the land. Those creatures that slumber during the day find their rest difficult ."
at best. In game terms, a foreign vampire in Arabia must spend a point of Willpower in order to sleep, or he must
add one to the difficulty of all Rétschreck checks for the following night. The creature adjusts to the noise
eventually. After a month, these penalties no longer apply.

Any use of supernatural senses (Auspex, ghostsight, certain uses of sphere magic, etc.) suffers a +1 difficulty
penalty for creatures of isfret within 50 miles of Mecca or Medina, and any botch inflicts tremendous damage. The
creature suffers five health levels of lethal damage, minus one level for each success the player scores on a Willpower
roll (difficulty 7). Without the warding created by the ghuls, the Keening would affect all supernatural abilities used
by the enemies of Ma'at regardless of botching.

Further, the cost of supernatural powers (use of blood points, Chi, etc.) for enemies of Ma'at is doubled when
such creatures use them on Islamic holy ground, including all mosques, in the Arabian Peninsula. Also, no creature
of isfret can enter the holy cities of Mecca or Medina unless it has been purified by a religious pilgrimage.

Naturally, the Keening makes unlife difficult for vampires and other creatures of isfret in Arabia. This fact is
clearly something of a boon to the Reborn, who are not affected by the Keening in the slightest. Many of the Amenti
believe that the effect is connected to the Web of Faith in some way, and they seek to learn more about it in hopes
that they might extend the Keening throughout the Lands of Faith — or perhaps even the world.med's cleansing
of those cities and the sacred black stone kept in the Ka'ba in Mecca. In Arabia, the vampires ~ or ashirra or ghu
as they are also known here — perform rituals that mute the Keening to a tolerable level. These rituals allow the
creatures to continue to dwell there, but the Keening still causes difficulties for them and others who are touched
by the corruption of Apophis.

Allenemies of Ma'at hear the sun rise and move across the sky, as the sound of the Keening grows from a muted
reatures that slumber during the day find their rest difficult

rumbling to a roar that howls across the land. Thos
at best. In game terms, a foreign vampire in Arabia must spend a point of Willpower in order to sleep, or he must
add one to the difficulty of all Rétschreck checks for the following night. The creature adjusts to the noise
eventually. After a month, these penalties no longer apply :
"Any use of supernatural senses (Auspex, ghostsight, certain uses of sphere magic, etc.) suffers a +1 difficulty.
penalty for creatures of isfret within 50 miles of Mecca or Medina, and any botch inflicts tremendous damage. The
creature suffers five health levels of lethal damage, minus one level for each success the player scores on a Willpower
roll (difficulty 7). Without the warding created by the ghuls, the Keening would affect all supernatural abilities used
by the enemies of Ma'at regardless of botching.
Further, the cost of supernatural powers (use of blood points, Chi, etc.) for enemies of Ma'at is doubled when
such creatures use them on Islamic holy ground, including all mosques, in the Arabian Peninsula. Also, no creature
of isfret can enter the holy cities of Mecca or Medina unless it has been purified by a religious pilgrimage.
Naturally, the Keening makes unlife difficult for vampires and other creatures of isfret in Arabia. This fact is
clearly something of a boon to the Reborn, who are not affected by the Keening in the slightest. Many of the Amenti
believe that the effect is connected to the Web of Faith in some way, and they seek to learn more about it in hopes
that they might extend the Keening throughout the Lands of Faith — or perhaps even the world,

Se ie oe
atlas

CHAPTER SIX: THE LANDS OF FAITH

aor ghuls, as they are also known here — perform rituals that mute the Keening

EG


nation. Many of Lebanon's place-names and some of its culture
remain French.

The nation's good fortune came to an end shortly after the
creation of thestateoflsrael. Many Palestiniansfled to Lebanon, and
Beirut became the center for the Palestine Liberation Organization
(PLO). The influx of Muslim's concerned Lebanon's Christian
majority and widened the rift between the Maronite Christians and
the Shiite Muslims. Israel attacked southern Lebanon to root out
PLO terrorists, which further polarized the factions in the country.
Armed conflict finally broke out between different ethnic and
religious militias over control of Lebanon and response to Israeli
attacks, which led to civil war.

The nation's government stabilized in 1992 when the
Hizbullah (Party of God) faction won a majority in parliamen-
tary elections. The unified government has done much to
rebuild the country, although conflicts with Israel along the
southern border still remain.

ARABIA: THE LAND OF
THE PROPHET

The civilization of the Arabian Peninsula grew from a
collection of desert nomads and cities clustered around oases to
one of the greatest and most powerful empires in history through
the inspiration of the Prophet Mohammed. The religion of
Islam united the Arabs and turned them into a force to be
reckoned with in the world. However, the empires of the past
are no more. Arabia is wealthy from the sale of oil, but Islam is
still the uniting force of the region. That is of little surprise to the
Amenti, since Arabia is also at the heart of the Web of Faith.

THE WESTERN QUARTER:
MECCA AND MEDINA

The holy city of Mecca is the heart of the Muslim world.
Five times each day, Muslims face toward the Ka'ba of the holy
city in prayer. Millions of pilgrims visit Mecca each year as part
of the hajj, the pilgrimage that is the fifth pillar of the Islamic
faith (not the mummy pilgrimage which borrows the name).
Mecca was a holy city even before the coming of the Prophet.
The
tribes, and the city was a meeting and festival place along an
ancient caravan route. When Mohammed first brought the
word of Allah to the city, he was driven out, forced to flee to the
city of Yathrib to the north (now known as Medina). The
Prophet gathered his forces there and returned to seize Mecca.
He cast the pagan idols from the Ka'ba, re-consecrating it to
Allah. Ever since that day, Mecca has been the greatest strong-
hold of the Islamic faith and one of the holiest of placeson Earth.
In the World of Darkness, Mecca is screened from some of the
power of isfret by the faith invested in the city over the centuries.

Mecca remained the spiritual center of Islam although it
was too remote to serve as the capitol of any of the Muslim

Ka'ba housed pagan idols worshipped by the Bedouin

empires that followed. It was largely independent, governed by
representatives of whoever was in power. Currently, Mecca is
controlled by Saudi Arabia, and it draws millions of pilgrims
each year. The city is open only to Muslims. It has no airport or
rail station. Those visiting it arrive in nearby Medina or Jiddah
and make the rest of the trip on foot, by car or by camel.

The massive al-Harran mosque, built mostly in the 16th
century, dominates the central area of Mecca. In the center of
the mosque's courtyard stands the heart of Mecca, the Ka'ba.

THE KABA

The Ka'ba, or the "House of God," is said to have been built
by Abraham in the time of the Old Testament. It is a cube-
shaped building of dark gray stone that sits in the courtyard of
theal-Harran mosque. In the southeast corner of the Ka'ba is the
Black Stone, "the Right Hand of Allah on Earth." It is a large
rock that is said to have been given to Abraham by the
archangel Gabriel (whoalso dictated the Koran to Mohammed).
Part of the Islamic hajj consists of walking seven times around
the Ka'ba and kissing the Black Stone in reverence. Some
Amenticall the Black Stone "the Ab of Osiris" and believe that
the spiritual heart of the Lord of Resurrection resides within it.

The Ka'ba is also apparently the source of the Keening, the
mystical noise that torments all beings of isfret in Arabia. Wards
around the Ka'ba created by the vampires help to dampen the
noise, but they cannot shut it out entirely. Mummies would love
to study the Ka'ba in detail, but opportunities are limited.
Muslims guard this holy of holies jealously.

MEDINA

Originally called Yathrib, the city was later called Medina,
"City of the Prophet." Mohammed fled to Medina declaring the
word of Allah after his first appearance in Mecca. He gathered
followers here to return and take the holy city. The Prophet's tomb
is also located in Medina, along with the Mosque of the Prophet,
which forms the beginning of most pilgrims' journey to Mecca.

Visited by millions of pilgrims and open to non-Muslims,
Medina is also an important site for Amenti who seck to learn
more about Islam and study both the nature of the Web of Faith
and the Keening.

THE EASTERN QUARTER

While the western coast of Arabia is a stronghold of faith, the
eastern coast lies tightly in the grip of the forces of Apophis,
piurticulaily vannpites, Theregion swell known foeteoll elds which
produce much of the oil that has made Saudi Arabia so wealthy.

Its cities also tend to be more western in character, if only
because so many Westerners live in the area working for foreign
governments or businesses. In fact, Dhahran is entirely set aside
for foreigners working for ARAMCO (the Arabian-American
Oil Company) and their families. It has American-style subur-
ban housing, apartments and the like. Nearby Al-Khubar is host
to foreign visitors and boasts high-rises, seaside hotels, and

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


modern shopping centers. It is also home to luxurious homes
(which belong to wealthy nobles and businessmen) that can
only be called palaces. The King Fahd Causeway crosses the
Persian Gulf to the island of Bahrain, which ishome to popular
nightclubs that are illegal in nearby Saudi Arabia.

Among the palaces of Al-Khubar lie homes owned by the
city's vampire including the luxurious 200-room palace of
Shaykhe Muhammad, the creature who rules the Eastern Quar-
ter. The Shaykhe wields little true control, as the Setites have
quietly grabbed much power in their quest to control all of
Arabia. The Followers of Set run nightclubs in neighboring
Bahrain as well as an illegal underground club in Al-Khubar
that caters to the needs of ghuls and a select mortal clientele
(who often end up serving the needs of the vampires). The
Shaykhe tolerates their presence because they provide a valu-
able service in maintaining a mortal herd for the ghuls.

Unbeknownst to the Shaykhe, the Setites have extended
their influence throughout the area. They maintain a strong-
hold within the abandoned Khobar Towers in the city, which
were originally built as housing for wandering tribes of Bedouins
(who wanted nothing to do with them). The Followers of Set
have an active slavery ring, selling to whoever can meet their

prices. Once they exert enough influence over the ghuls of the
Eastern Quarter, the Setites plan a coup against Shaykhe
Muhammad to claim the area for their own.

RUB AL KHALI
THE EMPTY QUARTER

The southern region of Saudi Arabia is a vast and desolate
desert known as Rub Al Khali, "the Empty Quarter." The desert
ishome only toa few wandering tribes of Bedouins, with nosigns
of civilization — often no signs of life —as far as the eye cansee.
Cities once existed here during the reign of the devil-kings in
Arabia. However, the followers of the Prophet and their allies
destroyed those foul places and allowed time and the sands to
claim them. What remains of them is little more than legend.

The desolation found in the Rub Al Khali, and perhaps the
lingering power of the devil-kings, weakens the weave of the
WebofFaith over this land. Its powers are weakerhere than they
are in many foreign lands, which makes the Empty Quarter a
most inhospitable place for the Reborn. They cannot even draw
Sekhem from the Web here. If they could avoid it altogether,
they would. However, the Empty Quarter is not entirely empty
— far from it, in fact. Due in large part to the weak Web of Faith
and more recently the fury of Dja-akh, forces locked away from
the Lands of the Living have returned.

The Bedouin tribes speak of malevolent djinn appearing in
the desolate depths of the Rub Al Khali, guarding their territory
fiercely with sandstorms, terrible beasts, thunder and lightning.
Sometimes djinn appear in the company of strange men and
women who travel without any human companionship or any
beast to carry them except perhaps the djinn themselves. These

d d

apable of feats of magic, orso the locals
say. They can raise castles in the clouds, armies from the sand
and storms out of nothingness. The tribes speak of flesh-eating
ghuls that attack small bands of travelers. They speak of ancient
evils coming home to roost, of lost and buried cities revealed in
terrible sandstorms capable of flaying a man alive and of
forbidden rites conducted in the dark of night.

Exiled or feral ghuls also wander the deserts of the Empty
Quarter, commanding small bands of mortal followers to raid
the unsuspecting. One of the most feared of these vampires is
called Abu Shammal "Father of the Sandstorm." This ghul
appears as a silhouette walking through the raging sands, whose
eyes glow with a preternatural green light.

These manifold threats to Ma'at draw the attention of the
Reborn to the Empty Quarter and inspire them to brave the
burning sands and desolation. For if there is to be any hope of
reweaving the Web of Faith here, it must begin with a purge of
the agents of Apophis.

IREM OF THE PILLARS

The Koran speaks of the city of Irem "whose like has never

been built in the whole land." It also describes how Allah "let

loose on them the scourge of His punishment" because the
people of Irem were wicked and sinful. The legendary Irem of
the Pillars was once a stronghold of the devil-kings, a fantastic
city of onion domes and tall spires. However, it was also a city
of debauchery and sin that was ruled by corrupt sorcerers in the
name of their devilish masters.

The power of the devil-kings stretched across all of Arabia
until the armies of the Prophet Mohammed and their wizard
allies swept across the land in a cleansing wave to bring down
thedevil-kings. Irem fell before them, and the sands of the desert
covered the ruins of the city for what the righteous hoped would
be forever.

Unfortunately, such was not to be. The weakening of the
Web of Faith in the Empty Quarter allowed sorcerers and their
djinn slaves to uncover the ruins of Irem, on the edge of the
Empty Quarter near the nation of Oman. The city lies partially
buried beneath the sands, but magic has uncovered much of it,
and it shields the place from mortal eyes. The local people have
reported strange lights and sounds near the site of Irem, and they
fear that the excavations have disturbed things best left alone.

THE MEDITERRANEAN:
CRADLE OF
CIVILIZATION

The Mediterranean basin to the north and west of Egypt is
home to some of the greatest civilizations of human history,
from the glory of ancient Greece to the Ottoman Empire. The
foreign Cabiri mummies once hailed from these lands, and some
of them may still exist there in defiance of Osiris' commands.

CHAPTER SIX: THE LANDS OF FAITH

Rebs Els let

ey Ba

ey bad

Bape


The forces of Apophis also lurk in the shadows of the ancient
tuins and the modern cities of the Mediterranean.

GREECE

The lands of Greece have long been balanced between the
ancient forces of the spirit world and the draw of philosophy and
the arts of the mind. Ancient Greek culture gave birth toa rich
mythology that still influences modern cultures to this day. The
wilderness abounded with nymp 1 satyrs, and the shades of
the dead haunted the living. Heroes struggled against the whims
of the gods and performed great deeds. Philosophers studied the
nature of the universe in order to understand its mysteries. They
created ideas and schools that still influence modem scientific,
magical and philosophical thought, millennia later.

Alexander'sconquest introduced Greek cultureand thought
to Egypt, which led to an influx of mystical and philosophical
ideas that both swelled the ranks of the Cult of Isis and watered
down the strength of its disciples. It may have also led to versions
ofthe Spell of Life apy Greece andel g the

spawning the known as the Cabiri,
named after the Secret Writings of Cabirus. The author made
the claim that he was an Egyptian mummy created by the Cult
of Isis but taught the Spell of Life by Thoth himself — a
that the Shemsu-heru scorned. Copies of the writings passed
through various hands in Greece and Asia Minor, leading to the
creation of other mummies. Horus tracked down all known
copies of the Secret Writings of Cabirus and destroyed them,
although it is possible that some may still exis

aim.

Greece isalso the stronghold of several different supernatu-
ral factions. Vampires are fairly weak and scattered in Greece.
The princes of different cities struggle against each other rather
than unite against any outside enemy. Greece is the ancient
home of the shapeshifters called the Black Furies, who are
enemies of the forces of Apophis butalso mistrustful of outsiders,
including the Amenti. Their previous relations with the Cabiri
give the Furies little reason to trust the newly Reborn. Greece
is also the birthplace of mystical ideas incorporated into differ-
ent traditions of mages, although few native magic-workers
remain behind. Most of them have been scattered to the four
winds by the passage of time.

CRETE

A number of islands surround Greece in the Mediterra-
nean. One of the best known of these islands is Crete, a quiet
place of fishing villages and the ruins of the ancient Minoan
civilization. Visitors can see the ruins of the Minoan
at Knossos.

Those who know the hidden side of Crete can also pay a
visit to Erianthe, the Oracle of Knossos. Hidden amid the
crumbling ruins, the Oracle dispenses words of wisdom about
her visions of the future to those she finds worthy, although it
is unclear how she judges those who wish to visit her. Some

ee
describe her as a young girl just entering womanhood. Others
describe her as a mature woman or even an old crone. She's
alternately believed to bea vampire, a sorceress, aspirit orsimply
a gifted mortal. She never accepts money in exchange for her
insights, but she always asks a price for her advice. It might be
something as simple as knowing the petitioner's name or as
complex as a stone from the walls of an ancient ruin. The price
she chooses is not negotiable, and the Oracle possesses mystical
power enough to brook no argument. The source of her power
is currently unknown to the Amenti.

TURKEY

Once the heart of the Ottoman Empire, Turkey is ia
paradox of sorts. The land is at once a
of the enemies of Ma'at and a place of powerful faith that draws
the attention of the Amenti. The cities hold many secrets in
their ancient structures and hidden places, while the wilderness
of the mountains holds great danger, even for the Undying.

INSTANBUL

Istanbul has been an international crossroads for centu-
ries, and it remains so today. It was known as Constantinople
for over a thousand years when it was the capitol of the
Eastern Roman Empire. The city stands on both sides of the
Bosporus River, so it is located in both Europe and Asia. As
such, it acts as a gateway between the two worlds. The
Emperor Constantine (who gave the city his name) noted
that Constantinople was surrounded by seven hills, much
like Rome. The Ottoman Turks captured the city in 1453
and renamed it Istanbul, making it the capitol of their
Empire. After World War I, the capitol of the new Turkish
Republic was moved to Ankara, although Istanbul remains
acenter for trade. Itis Turkey's largest port, and it has a large,
deep harbor.

Istanbul is a home to many ancient historical sites.
Tokapi Palace was built by the Ottoman Turks as an admin-
istrative center, and it later became the residence of the
Sultan and his family (including harems of hundreds of
slave-concubines). The Hagia Sophia, or Church of the
Holy Wisdom, was founded in the 6th century CE by
Emperor Justinian. It features a grand dome, beautiful mosa-
ics, marble and stained glass. The Turks later converted the
church into a mosque with the addition of four tall minarets.
Both sites have been turned into museums by the modern
Turkish government.

‘THE UNDERGROUND CITIES OF CAPPODOCIA.
Some 400 miles southeast of Istanbul lies the region of
Cappodocia. Ancient volcanic activity in the area deposited a
thick layer of ash and dust, under a thinner layer of basalt. Time
and pressure compressed the dust into a soft stone known as
"tuff," while erosion eventually wore away the harder basalt

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

bebepenanepynanenanenstabatenebatcns

Keke

W


‘THE GENTLE HEALERS OF GREECE

One potential ally of the Amenti is the group of
female wizards, a devoted order of healers and teachers
believed to be descended from the legendary Amazons.
Although they have largely left their homeland behind
to. wander the world, the mages still take an interest in
happenings in Greece. They have discovered the pres-
ence of the Amenti, and members of the two groups have
worked together well enough thus far. These healers and
scholars are more open-minded than most mages, and
they are devoted to the cause of medicine in all its forms.
They avoid violence whenever possible, but they are
wise in the ways of healing and the study of life. The Cult
of Isis hopes to cultivate ties with this group in the futute.

covering. The region's ree carved chambers into the soft
stone, which mainte year-
round and were ideal for penn grain.

In the first centuries after Christ, early Christians carved
extensive chambers in Cappodocia, seeking places to worship
and hide from Roman authorities. The labyrinths they cut into
the tuff contained living quarters, granarics, mills, churches and
confessionals — everything they needed to carry on their lives.
These underground cities served to hide tens of thousands of
people. Villages were built above the underground sites, allow-
ing the townsfolk to disappear at the first sign of invasion or
disaster. When the Muslims invaded Cappodocia in the 7th
century CE, the land was evacuated. The underground laby-
rinths went largely forgotten among the Lands of the Living.

They remained hidden until 1963, when they were redis-
covered by accident. Since then, some 150 different labyrinths
have been uncovered, and the Turkish government has opened
several up to tourism. Most of the rest remain unexcavated or
explored, and many more remain undiscovered. The larger
underground cities have multiple levels and dozens of rooms,
and they can hold upwards of 20 thousand people.

Although they have been lost to living memory for centu-
ries, the underground cities are well known to many of Turkey's
other inhabitants, particularly the Assamite clan of vampires.
The vampires have used the underground cities as hiding places
from the torches of the Inquisition. More recently, many
Amenti have found them useful places for concealing their khat
during a sojourn to the Lands of the Dead, as well as a secret
meeting place away from prying eyes.

MOUNT ARARAT

In the eastern part of Turkey overlooking the borders of Iran
and Armenia stands Mount Ararat, which is traditionally believed
tobe the place where Noah's Ark came to restafter the Great Flood.
Itis considered sacred by the Armenians, and Persian legends speak
of Ararat as the "cradle of the human race."

The mountain actually consists of two extinct volcanoes,
whose summits are seven miles apart. The larger, Greater
Ararat, rises almost 17,000 feet above sea level, making it
Turkey's highest mountain. Little Ararat rises in anearly perfect
volcanic cone just under 13,000 feet above sea level.

Christians established a monastery and a village on the
slopes of Ararat, but they were destroyed in a devastating
earthquake in 1840. Since then, no humans have lived on the
slopesofthesacred although expl darcheolo-
gists have occasionally staged expeditions to climb Greater
Ararat or to search for signs of the remains of Noah's Ark. To
date, none of their searches have been successful.

THE SHROUD

The Shroud is a wall between the physical and spirit
realms that divides life from death. It limits the ability of the
living to see and feel the presence of the dead, and it keeps
the dead from interfering in the world of the living without
expending some effort. The strength of the Shroud affects
how far apart the two worlds are metaphysically, as well as
how difficult it is for beings on the side of one to detect and
affect those on the other.

The Shroud is not uniform in its strength. It is strongest
in places of disbelief, places without faith or reverence for
spirit, such as modern cities, industrial parks and research
institutes. It grows weak in places of strong spirit and faith,
such as ancient ruins, sacred sites, holy ground, cemeteries
and the like. as the Ka'ba in Mecca
or the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem — the
Shroud is truly threadbare, and the two worlds almost touch.
It is little surprise that the Shroud is weaker over the whole
of the Lands of Faith, particularly in Egypt, than it is nearly
anywhere else. Here mortals might catch a hint of the
presence of the underworld in the form of a chill or an eerie
feeling, and spirits can most easily reach out to affect the
world of the living.

The Shroud is often thinner in certain places at night
and on certain days of the year, such as traditional festivals
honoring the dead. Supernatural beings also lower the
strength of the Shroud by their very presence. Vampires and
ghosts cause places they inhabit to take on an eerie presence,
and mummies draw the two worlds closer together by the
nature of their own duality.

In game terms, the Shroud is rated from 9 (at its
strongest) to 2 (at its weakest). The Shroud within the Lands
of Faith is rarely stronger than a 6, and it is often much less.
The rating represents how difficult it is to overcome the
Shroud in order to sense or even cross to the other side. The
only means mortals have of crossing the Shroud is death, and
not all souls end up in the Lands of the Dead. Mummies can

ON SIX: THE LANDS OF ENT


cross over thus as well, although most who have business on
the other side of the Shroud prefer to use Hekau instead.
Rating Location

Modern science lab or university

Downtown of a modern city
Typical urban area
Countryside or suburban area
Wilderness, graveyard
Ancient tomb or ruin

Holy site

Major holy site

THE LANDS OF THE DEAD

The ancient Egyptians understood well that death was
merely a passage on to another stage of existence, rather thanan.
end. They simply got a few of the details about that existence
wrong. The Amenti know the truth about what lies beyond the
Lands of the Living, in the collective realms known variously as
Duat, the Lands of the Dead or simply the underworld.

Named the Dark or Low Umbra by some, the Lands of the
Dead donot conform to the normal rules of geography. They are
realms beyond the physical, and they often exist in ways that
seem mad to the living mind. The different parts of the Lands
of the Dead can be peeled away like layers of an onion to reveal
the deeper mysteries within. The uppermost layer is Neter-
khertet, also known as the Shadowlands. It is virtually identical
to the Lands of the Living, and it is kept separate by the Shroud.
Wherever a mortal can walk within the Lands of the Living, a
spirit can travel in Duat. However, ghosts must contend with
the Dja-akh, the terrible storm that still rages in the spirit realm.

NwWRUAIHMWO

Beyond Neter-khertet, but corresponding to no real place
in the Lands of the Living, are the Pillars of the West, the
gateway to the lower realms of the dead. The caverns of the
Pillars are guarded by powerful beings that test those who travel
through them. These caverns lead to Duat, the underworld, an
endless black desert wracked by eternal sandstorms, howling
with the cries of the damned.

soul-sand batter all whodo not seek shelter from it. The strength
of the storm varies from place to place and time to time without
apparent rhyme or reason. In general, places were the Shroud is
weakest tend to be areas in which the Dja-akh is calmest,
perhaps due to some influence from the Lands of the Living.
Therefore, the areas in the Shadowlands around ancient holy
sites and the like are the safest... although they are not com-
pletely safe by any means.

The ghost storm is a thing to be feared, even among
immortal mummies. At its weakest, the fury of the Dja-akh
causes eight dice of lethal damage every turn to any spirit caught
in it. At the height of its power, the storm does twice that
amount of damage. It rages with abandon throughout the
underworld, but it appears most often in the so-called "upper"
regions of Neter-khertet and similar Shadowlands realms.

The storm makes travel very dangerous in the Lands of
the Dead. Mummies have some Hekau abilities that allow
them to resist damage from the ghost storm and travel
through jit safely. (See Chapter Four for details.) A fair
number of havens in which spirits can shelter against the
storm exist in the Lands of Faith as well.

NETER-KHERTET: THE
SHADOWLANDS

Neter-khertet, meaning "divine underworld place," is the
dark mirror of the Lands of the Living that lies just on the other
side of the Shroud. The land, sea and sky of the Shadowlands
appear much like their earthly counterparts do, except that they
are darker. The only things that truly exist in Neter-khertet are
the spirits of the dead and the spirits of items that once inspired
strong feelings. (Such items are known as relics.) Neter-khertet
isa place made from distant memories and ancient history, both
of which the Lands of Faith have in plenty.

The places that have long since crumbled to dust and ash
in the Lands of the Living still exist in Neter-khertet, although
all have suffered in the face of the Dja-akh. Ancient glories
stand as silent monuments to those who built them. Ironically,
those Pharaohs and builders who were successful in building

Fortunately, the Amenti have the of Anubis to
guide them through these storms to reach places of safety
beyond. One such place is the mummies' namesake, the shat-
tered kingdom of Amenti, that was broken by the Dja-akh and
covered by the sands of Duat. The other place is known as the
Blessed Fields of A'aru. It is a haven of peace and renewal for the
Reborn, but it is also a place of testing and trial, where their
deeds in the Lands of the Living are weighed and their worthi-
ness is determined by the Judges of Ma'at.

DJA-AKH: THE GHOST STORM.

The Lands of the Dead are wracked by the fury of the Dja-
akh, the ghost storm. It manifests in Neter-khertet as a storm of
unremitting fury, in which howling spirit winds and driving

structures that would last throughout the centuries find only
paleshadows of their creations in the Shadowlands. That which
still stands in the Lands of the Living has no place in the Lands
of the Dead

The Lands of Living are still visible through the Shroud,
which often casts a dark pall over all that can be seen. Corrup-
tion, decay and death are visible from Neter-khertet, as living
things draw closer to the realm of the dead. Things in the Living
Lands have little effect on spirits in Neter-khertet. A wall in the
Shadowlands is completely solid toa spirit. A wall in the Living
Lands is as well, but a spirit can simply pass through the living
wall with a modicum of effort as if it weren't there. A spirit
cannot touch or affect things in the Lands of the Living without

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


using Hekau or Sekhem to reach beyond the Shroud (see
Chapters Four and Five for details).

The appearance and even existence of Neter-khertet comes
asa shock to most of the mortals of the Lands of Faith when they
pass through the Shroud. People of a religious bent have come
up witha number of ideas about what the Shadowlands actually
are. Christians often see them as the realm of Purgatory, where
sins are expiated in order to transcend and achieve Heaven.
Certainly, ghosts who resolve their ties to the world of the living
do pass on in some manner, although none can say whether
they goto Heaven ornot. Muslimsfind the
Shadowlands troubling, since they
are hardly the paradise that
was promised to the
faithful. Some
choose to believe
that —_Neter-
khertet is a place
of testing and pu-
tification. Others
fear that the
Shadowlands are
Hell, while oth-
ers suffer from a
deep crisis of faith
when confronted
with an existence
contradictory to
the words Allah
and His Prophet.

THE
PILLARS
OF THE
WEST

If you travel
westward toward
the bloody and
dim setting sun in
Neter-khertet,
you will eventu-
ally enter a vast
stretch of desert.
Travel through it,
and you will reach
the Pillars of the
West, the gateway to
Duat. It is difficult to say
exactly where the Pillars of
the West lie.
They are outside

the realm of Neter-khertet altogether. Spirits that reach them
are no longer close to the Lands of the Living; they have made
their way deep in the Lands of the Dead. The journey to the
Pillars of the West never takes exactly the same amount of time
twice, and one can't really measure the passage of this time in
the Lands of the Living.

The Pillars — each of which is cell in the form of one
of the 42 Judges of Ma'at — support the entrances to 21 great
caverns. The caverns lead into a maze of underground

tunnels. Travelers must find their way through the maze
to reach Duat. The caverns and tun-
nels often contain different
challenges to test the wor-
thiness of those who
enter, although
they often in-
volve strange
creatures and
psychodramas
t highlight
ticular flaws
or mistakes that
the traveler made
in the Living
World. The
Judges of Ma'at
are known to ex-
ert their powers
here tochallenge
those who ap-
proach in what is
called the Tests
of the Pillars.
Storytellers
have several op-
vs for running
Tests of the
urs. The first is
to simply gloss
over the journey
tothe Pillars in or-
der to move on to
a more important
part of the story,
suchasevents tak-
ing place in Duat.
Most of the time,
the Tests present an
excellent opportunity
for drama and storytelling.
The Storyteller can construct a
short scene or

keke

w


|

even an entire story based around mummy characters making
their way through the maze to reach the underworldas they face
the many different challenges in their path. This type of story
works much like a conventional Mummy story, albeit with an
unusual setting. The Tests allow the Storyteller to introduce
whatever fantastic elements are desired. Characters could end
up living out a story in ancient Egypt, facing their own inner
fears and doubts, aiding Ra against minions of Apophis as the
sun crosses through the Caverns of Night and so forth.
Storytellers can also choose to run the Tests as solo stories.
The Storyteller can run the game either one-on-one with each
player, or with one character as the focus of the story and the
other players taking the roles of different characters in the
drama. The other characters might be people from the main
character's past lives or embodiments of the character's hopes,
fears and desires. Players may find the Shadowguiding advice
from Wraith: The Oblivion useful for these sorts of games.

DUAT: THE UNDERWORLD

The realm of Duat is no longer the safe place that it once
was. The endless black desert beyond the Pillars of the West is
stirred by the raging fury of the Dja-akh into an eternal storm
that is powerful enough to flay a spirit to tatters. (This same
storm tore the souls of Amenti apart to create the tem-akh.)
Additionally, strange spirits and creatures dwell within the
depths of the storm, where they howl madly and seek victims
that they can draw into oblivion.

Travel is dangerous since the traveler must contend with
the danger of the ghost storm surging always nearby, not to
mention the strange creatures that dwell within it. Fortunately,
Anubis — the guide and guardian of the dead — created and
maintains safe pathways through Duat that are commonly
known as byways. A mummy spirit in the care of Anubis or one
of the Aken, his loyal boatmen, can usually travel these spirit
roads safely. Otherwise, a traveler may never know when a

portion of the Dja-akh will surge forth from the nothingness'

around him, or when one of the many creatures that dwell in the
darkness will launch an ambush. The Storyteller can use such
hazards to make trips through Duat interesting and challenging.
ANUBIS

The guide and guardian of the dead most often wears the
form of a tall, dark-skinned man with the head of a jackal, and
he is dressed in the garments of Egyptian royalty. Anubis speaks

nb ft ShSoe

THE FOREIGN DEAD ae
The Dja-akh, also called the ghost storm or the
* £° Maelstrom, rages across the whole of the Underworld,
far beyond the bounds of the Egyptian Neter-khertet.
The dead are driven to seek shelter from the storm or
face ultimate destruction. The storm's power was
sufficient to lay waste to mighty Amenti as well as
other great cities of ghosts, such as the Empire of
Stygia. In the wake of the Dja-akh, ghostly refugees
wander far and wide without home or allegiance.

Those cities that remain in the Lands of Faith offer \:
shelter to these wanderers, and many foreign wraiths
have been drawn to them, which results ina "popula-
tion boom" of sorts among the dead of Neter-khertet.
Although the local ghosts — particularly those
who endured the rule of mighty Stygia for so long —
were suspicious and reluctant to give shelter to these
refugees, they understand the value of strength in
numbers, and they are not unsympathetic to the souls
in need. Some more pragmatic wraiths also recognize
that souls are the only real things of value in the

underworld. The more you have, the better off you
are. A mortal soul can be forged to various uses just as
any relic can. Although soulforges in Neter-khertet
have not begun to smoke and ring with the sound of
laboring ghost smiths, some believe that it is only a
matter of time.

With so many displaced souls clustering in Neter-
khertet, rumors have begun circulating through the
Shadowlands that a new kingdom of the dead (perhaps
even a new empire) may not be far off. After all, the
Lands of Faith were the center of many of humanity's
greatest ancient empires, and more than a few wraiths
dwelling in the Shadowlands still remember their glory
days. Ifa new empire rises to unite the shattered remains
of Stygia, it may begin here.

By

Anubis' t true nature and origin remains a mystery even to the
Reborn. Some say that he is the first of the Egyptian dead. He has
been a dweller in the Lands of the Dead for longer than recorded
history, andl he i impossibly wise in the secret paths and hidden

rarely. What few words he does share are chosen with great care,
and foolish is the spirit that dismisses them. He appears at the
entrance to the underworld to guide the spirits of the Undying
through the blinding sands of the Dja-akh to the place in the
underworld where they wish to go. He reappears to bring the
souls of the Amenti back up into the Shadowlands, where they
can rejoin their khat and return to the Lands of the Living.

truthsoftheaft y that he wasonce one of the legendary
ferrymen who guided souls to the distant realms beyond the Shroud,
but that he has transcended even that exalted role. Some believe
that Anubis is a true god, with powers and knowledge that defy
mortal comprehension.

Whatever the truth, Anubis serves as guide and protector for
the Amentiwhen they travel through Duat, and hispowersare great
indeed... although he uses them at his whim. Some Amenti have

MUMMY, THE RESURRECTION

Seal


storm, and forced to face some terrible spectre or other danger.
When the danger has passed, Anubis reappears mysteriously to
guide the mummies to safety. Other times, the jackal-headed one
has driven away creatures that sought to attack his charges. The
Amenti are grateful for Anubis' aid, but they know too little about
the grave-guardian to entirely trust him.

On very rare occasions, Anubis himself does not appear. In his
place, one of the ghostly boatmen known as Aken leads the spirits.
Anubis is always on hand to lead a mummy before the Judges of
Ma'at, however.

AMENTI: THE RUINED KINGDOM OF SAND

Amenti once stood as a haven to the Egyptian dead, and
silent Osiris ruled over it. The Dja-akh shattered Amenti in its
fury, flaying the spirits that dwelled there until they were
reduced to scattered parts. Now, the glory of Amenti is nothing
more than a broken ruin, buried beneath the dark sands of the
spirit world. Malevolent ghosts and creatures from the depths of
the Dja-akh haunt the ruins, and few Reborn have any reason
to go there. However, it is believed that some ancient relics and
lore that once belonged to the Egyptian dead — perhaps even
things that belonged to the tem-akh now embodied as the
Reborn —still lie in the ruins of Amenti. Some mummies have
tisked the journey to the ruins of Amenti in search of such
things, although those who have returned tell of dire threats
awaiting any would-be visitors.

THE BLESSED FIELDS OF A'ARU

The new haven of the Amenti in the underworld is the
legendary place known as the Blessed Fields of A'aru. It is a shelter of
the ghoststorm, an oasis deep in the endl
desert of Duat. When the first of the Reborn returned to the Lands of
the Dead ascomplete souls, they despaired at firstat what had become
of Ai ithe realm that sheltered them. However, Anubis
led them past the ruins of Amenti into the distant reaches of the
underworld, where no soul had traveled and returned to tell of it.
There, theA Athe Fieldsof A'aru, asfc
of the ancient Egyptians. In this place, their souls could find renewal
and peace, but they also faced judgment by the Judges of Maat

THEJUSTICE OF MA'‘AT

The Judges of Ma'at dwell in holy A'aru, serving the
goddess of truth and justice. They act as shepherds of the
mummies' souls, punishing the unruly and providing direction
to the penitent. When the judges find a soul unfit in the eyes of
Ma'at, they punish the offender. In Duat, such punishments

peace from th

din the legends

may include crushed bones, beheading, burning or any other
terrible agony. As long as the guilty soul accepts the reproof, he
may pass to his relegated place in the fields of the afterlife until
he gathers the strength toreturn to life. A spiritwho proves "true
of voice" is directed immediately to the fields of A'aru that he
might rest until his next life.

Some spirits have sought to avoid the judges and fallen
through the cracks of the netherworld into the clutches of
Apophis. The ways of the underworld have become so confus-
ing and twisted that not even Anubis can bring every soul to
safety or justice.

AMEMAIT THE DEVOURER

Although the Blessed Fields of A'aru are a haven for the
Amenti, beneath them lies the hungry maw of Amemait the
Devourer. The ancient Egyptians thought of the Devourer as a
monster that ate the hearts of those who were unworthy to dwell in
the afterlife, but it is much more than that. It is an embodiment of
oblivion itself, Amemait devours those mummies whom the judges
deem unworthy of life, and it claims those souls that meet the end
of their immortal eelstenice) It is the end of all things, the force that

\pophisandit tounleash on the world. The Dja-akh
fe at destroyed Amenti is the merest sample of its power, and the
Reborn will do whatever they can to keep it bound within the
underworld forever.

OTHER REALMS BEYOND THE SHROUD

Duatisnotthe only realm in the Landsof the Dead. In fact, the
Egyptian underworld was once merely a province of a vast funerary
empire that encompassed the whole of the Western world, known
as the Empire of Stygia or the Dark Kingdom of Iron. The ghost
storm that destroyed Amenti also brought Stygia crashing down,
shattering that empire and leaving its various lands in the under-
world to fend for themselves.

The great island of Stygia — with its sprawling city and grim,
shattered fortress — is known to mummies. Amenti also hear of
otherlandsacrossendlessspiritd Adepthl Suchlands
include the Dark Kingdom of Jade (also known as the Yellow
Springs), the Dark Kingdom of lvory (orthe Bush of Ghosts), Karta,
the Sea that Knows No Sun, Swar and many others. Few of the
Amenti have reasons to travel to these places, although some find
aneed to seek out the souls that dwell there for a bit of lost lore or
aid against an enemy of Ma'at.

Pla 'S 1Si y Ilers interested in more the
lands beyond the Shroud should consult Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse, Mage: The Ascension, Mage's supplement The Book of
Worlds, and Wraith: The Oblivion.

CHAPTER SIX: THE LANDS OF FAITH

rebeicieieiel cre ererel

VVvyyyvyyyvYY.


Seufamlo phonged ever deeper lupo the wurk of the waderworly. The Apepnu had ©
sortrlted bie on a retorn flight to Egypt Rather than pry to take Benfamse on
directly, hough fhe ove bastard bad downed the whofe plane. It hadkifed 250
people fost ro put Bevfamte out of commiivon for a short while.

Rage need yp tn Beupamtarsoufathe surged forward in agrowudk-cating lope through
tbe lfars of he Wath The wihotons of Apophis knew full wel tbat tach meaturet bad oo
Boge of dattreytag ove tach at be permanently. At beth toch wavton rmaybers would
doprack bie from hit greater purpese, which wat, of courte, exaally why the Apapnu bad
done tt That reafeation didot fasten the anger Bevjawtn fof at the death of L0 many
hovocenks, Phe vowed fo bhmref tbat they would not go wnarengem ea ee:

To exact reprltupion, Bewfarmtn must fest return to life. he peychso rumbfe of fhe

\ Lya-akh to the dfance spurred bi fo twereate bit pace. At the pomuft of fhe ghatf
Ltorm grew bebtod bin, be sped toward the ofber ide of He Vifars where Apurbit wat
sore to be watting. Fast bit lock that the Storm would surge up be the part of Duaf
where be happened fo be. , .

Then came the hrtok bebtod bio. Benfamte turned reoffertvaly and taw tho spelrbt
of the Atckh-ten chatlag bm. It bounded foward bie with breattpaktag seed, like
some Kio of Wonsfrout, oper. Benfatiln bad figured tat the creatore bad tfate
heel te take bh down, and now thappeared that the reaper wat hoplag fo capture bin
to the Lande of the Deak. Beypamta bad beard that the toul of a wyrumy coufd be
bound to gtve one of the Atckh-ten wore lyfe. He bad wo tuperast bo belng the vileti
of a peychle vamplee or whatever tt wat fhe reapers dh Beyfamte would fled orf futt

| Bow twas done ithe coufdot- get to tafaty fu fie.

Puthing bins to fhe utmerk Beyjamte dathed forward. He tensed the ckpante of
Duet beyond, but fhe Lhrboke of the reaper grew fomrder gulekly. Then Bewfarmte saw fhe
Hape that flouted to the sea of nothug. It wat a flat wif sheared by a ponerfil figure. If
wat bmpowthbfe to mittaks the maswve shape that arated, Ne diturbing uregesufised tlh
cont of whedom. The pleralag gare of Anubis penstrated Bayfamtn at be ypproabog.

Eevfate tented the Arkh ten [lng teoff at bin. Pe cred ouf, bereechhag Went
Anubis for ab Newer taktag bis eget rors Bewfarela, the ton of Olek rakted bit band,
a iffo flick away an taseck Bevfartn fel the gettures/orce farm pat} bin, ano be beard.

the cry of pate and drmay peor the reaper at lt wat bathed back toward the Fifars.

"Thank you, Beysawte gapped at be oarmbered tufo the iff next fo the turnense

\ figure. Anubis merely fiaed bist tatcripabfe gaze upon Bayfam/n for an battarh, then
\sukted bt bead to look back at the Pifars of the WaspAt the peychopomp turned fo
begtn thelr fourney toward the Lidl at of A ary, Bewfamte looked back fo see the soufe
vending whoa of the ghost storm sarge through the Elpars and tallow the Atekt sep.


REAL TRAGEDY IS NEVER RESOLVED.
IT GOES ON HOPELESSLY
FOREVER.

—CHINUA ACHEBE

Be it on stage, on television, in books or around the
campfire, the art of telling tales has survived in some form
throughout history. Even people who don't consider them-
selves storytellers at least understand the value in a good tale.
In our stories — including the ones to which these games
give rise — we live out our desires or express our fears
through safe and entertaining media.

Mummy: The Resurrection supplements the various
Storyteller system games, and it works especially well as a
complement to Vampire: The Masquerade, Mage: The
Ascension or Wraith: The Oblivion. As you likely know,
each of those books contains helpful information on the
craft of storytelling. Likewise, you should already know
about the World of Darkness, the themes and moods of
White Wolf's storytelling games and many of the methods
used to tell a strong and compelling tale.

While games in the World of Darkness often focus on
the despair or tragedy of the human condition, Mummy:
The Resurrection takes matters in an entirely different
direction. It offers a thread of hope. Characters in Mummy:
The Resurrection are a rare breed whose very existence is a
testament to a ray of promise on the cusp of a deadly age.

MUMMY: THE

sraneotaebetaneht eelebebelebel sl ebe

Here, Storytellers and participants alike have a chance to
create a drama that teeters delicately on the razor's edge
between catastrophe and redemption.

This chapter helps you to flesh out your own modern
myths. The special conditions of Mummy games allow youto
look into many different aspects of the World of Darkness in
ways that other games might not explore. You'll find some
ideas on how to use them — hopefully as jump-off points that
spur some additional creativity of your own.

A QUICK RECAP

Just as a refresher, remember that Mummy is a game of
telling fabulous and enthralling tales, rather than a game of
beating opponents or reaching a pre-set goal. One Storyteller
sets the scene while the various players take on individual roles.
Players guide their characters in the narration just as an actor
might guide his character through an improvised play.

So what does this mean to you? Everything else in this
book is ultimately optional. Telling a story isn't just an
exercise in crunching numbers and pushing dots, it's an
exercise in creativity. Sometimes the most powerful stories
happen when you break all the rules and throw expectation

RESURRECTIO!

VV, W WWW Wi

acl


it
4
a

out the window. Just don't do so too often. After all, the rules
provide a consistent framework and a handle to which the
players may cling. These rules give you a starting point for
making your games. From there, the only limits are your
imagination and creativity.

Ina storytelling game, everyone works together to tell
astory that they all enjoy. Doing so generally involves a little
give-and-take. If you want an action-oriented game but your
friend likes intrigue, you blend the two elements so that you
have both. As long as everyone has a positive experience,
you're doing things right — and that's the only rule that you
really have to follow. If your group or even a few players
aren't enjoying the game, then it's time to step back and re-
examine the chronicle. Maybe some players don't want to
get out of it what you're putting into it.

So how do you make sure that everyone comes to the
table with the same expectations? First, put those expecta-
tions out in front. The Storyteller and players should all
discuss what they want to do and what they'd like to play.
Some Storytellers like to grab a book and run a game off the
cuff, and sometimes that tactic can work. For a long-running
story, though, you'll want to make sure that everyone's on
the same page.

Perhaps you decide that your storytelling strengths lie in
running action-oriented modern crime chronicles. If the
players are aware of this proclivity, they'll know not to build
characters who focus exclusively on religion or politics or
other themes that would leave them out of the game. Maybe
one player has an idea for an incredible occult investigator.
You can work with him to find ways to fit the character into
the chronicle. Talking about how to set up the story is as
important as character creation or any other aspect of the
setup.

Once you've cut loose into the game, be sure to respect
everyone's limits. You may be comfortable with strong themes
in violence, sexuality, religion or the like, but not everybody
goes for that. Although these games can be good teaching
tools or useful explorations of strong themes, they're sup-
posed to be fun first and foremost, not painful or difficult!

Lastly, remember that a good player is willing to bend in
order to accommodate the story. While a player might argue,
"But my character would [never/ always] do that!" think
about the impact on the story. People surprise us all the time,
and mummies more so because of their changed personali-
ties. Instead of throwing a wrench into the story automatically
because of a character's perceived reaction, to

THEMES

Each story weaves together different viewpoints that —
in the words of the sages — oppose one another yet are both
true. These themes are the underpinnings of stories, the very
motives that drive conflict, compromise and eventual cli-
max. Obviously your themes depend upon the nature of the
tale you'll tell, and you're not beholden to any of the few
presented here. Mummy opens the door to many themes
that don't necessarily fit into other games, though, due to the
very nature of mummy characters.

While many other creatures in the World of Darkness
could rightly be considered monsters that prey upon human-
ity, mummies have a new opportunity to be examples of
virtue. Through the Spell of Life, the weaknesses that
troubled the character in his Second Life are excised and
replaced with conviction and insight. With Ma'at as a goal,
the mummy possesses a powerful moral compass.

Even though most mortal concerns cannot easily be
resolved in a single lifetime, the character is granted the
opportunity to explore a much wider world after he has
started to deal with the foibles of his mortal life. The best
stories concern the mummy's travels into the heart of the
unknown. Although the travails of dealing with his former
life help transform the character from formless model to
finished personality, a mummy has thrilling new possibili-
ties. Ultimately, the mummy should leave his mundane
concerns behind for newer, greater options.

Of course, the Reborn should not ignore mortals, but
rather they shouldn't miss out on their chance to perform
magic, visit the Shadowlands, unearth ancient treasures and
otherwise dive into their new supernatural existence. A
Mummy chronicle can tell stories or use themes that span
both natural and supernatural worlds. Mummy stories can
also entangle humans asallies, friends and lovers without the
terrible consequences that are often visited upon vampires,
ghosts or other creatures of the night who would taint the
living through association.

The possibilities for Mummy stories are as varied as the
mummies themselves. Some possible themes follow:

THE PRICE OF WAR

Some mummies decide that the best way to champion
Ma'at is to bring the fight to the Corrupter. These characters
spend their time hunting down and quashing all manner of

play as a group activity. You're not at the table just to watch
how well one person roleplays his character. You're there to
build a story together, and sometimes cooperation calls for
leaving a little wiggle room for the rest of the players.

wickedness, taking it upon themselves to punish

and to slay monsters. What's more important than just killing
evil humans, Bane mummies and vampires, though, is the
decision to tread the thorny path of morality. Is it right or just
foramummy to soil his hands with murder? How do you decide

CHAPTER SEVEN: SECRETS OF THE SCRIBE


who deserves to die? For that matter, how does one decide who
deserves to live forever? Shouldn't mummies lead by example?
What of the innocent families and friends whose lives are
shattered? Do the mummies pay heed to these consequences?

Waging war against Apophis is a risky course. The
mummies may well draw the personal attention of the
Corrupter's servants. Once a few of his friends die in the
crossfire, the mummy might question his dedication to the
cause. However, the mummy's war never ends, no matter
who he tries to save or what he wants.

Other mummies try to find people whom the Corrupter
has touched and help them find redemption. With these
mummies, you can explore deeper conflicts. How will they
help a woman in an abusive relationship if her jealous lover
will kill her for "betraying" him? Will they encourage a
corrupt politician to come clean if his revelations and
admissions of guilt only throw him into prison and pave the
way for an even more corrupt colleague to take his place.
Will all of the good that mummies do inevitably wear away
as the people they help die? To make lasting change, the
mummy may have to change society itself. However, what
happens to the mummy who changes the world so much that
he no longer has a place in it?

TEMPTATION

On one hand, mummies have a powerful incentive to
champion the cause of Ma'at. On the other hand, they may
also feel great temptation to indulge in vice. With their new
senses and their immortality, they can pursue dangerous and
seductive pleasures to extremes that transcend mere human-
ity. However, the judges demand proper observance of
Ma'at, and mummies who fall from favor face dire conse-
quences. Aside from simple fear of punishment, mummies

On the larger scale, the various mummy resurrection
cults have gone through their own periods of temptation.
Followers of Apophis seek specifically to influence the
selection of mummy candidates in hopes of preventing the

of strong new corrupting the Great
Rite or introducing those who are vulnerable to Apophis'
blandishments. Meanwhile, the resurrection cults them-
selves hoard their knowledge jealously, refuse to cooperate
and otherwise inhibit the process of making new champions
of Ma'at. Within mummies themselves lies the potential for
greatness, be it great evil or great accomplishment, but
titanic forces struggle to move them. Entire chronicles may
hinge on that one fact.

LOST LIVES

The tem-akh soul fragment changes a mummy's charac-
ter, but sometimes it also carries over memories or concepts
from an earlier time. A group of mummies who want to
understand what's happened to them may decide to dig up
their old pasts. Doing so starts with a little historical explo-
ration, then travel. The mummies visit the Lands of Faith,
learn about the ancient periods and venture into the
Shadowlands to search for spirits that might tell them more.
Some might hope to understand the soul with whom they've
joined. Others are content merely to learn more about their
pasts. Either way, the mummies have a unique perspective
on historical events, and they may run afoul of close-minded
historians, other mummies with information, magicians
who guard the holy places or ghosts from the Dark Kingdom
of Sand.

How tightly will a mummy hold on to his life, once he
realizes that he will outlive his friends and family? How much
will he want to remember from his First or Second Life? Some

might seek delit ly to engineer the change in

must be doubly on their guard, for Apophis tempts
to its side with bountiful powers and boons that lack the
responsibilities of Ma'at. Conversely, a mummy gains greater
power and prestige (as well as self-acceptance) by upholding
Ma'at, but the road has many false starts. How can a mummy
reconcile this sensual eternity with the need to follow this
rigid code of ethics? To deny one's nature is a clear violation
of Ma'at, yet to succumb too much to temptation jades the
mummy and leads to depravity.

Asa mummy deals with the remnants of his former life,
he may be tempted to stray from the path of Ma'at. At first,
little stops a mummy who was once a criminal from indulging
in his old pastimes, especially with his new powers. Eventu-
ally, though, the struggle between virtue and vice becomes
too prominent in the forefront of the mummy's existence. As
a mummy experiences living proof of some sort of moral
code, the question of upholding Ma'at becomes paramount.
The mummy must make a choice and come to a resolution:
Little gray area exists.

bipdpabaananenenensnananananenebebababatatananenenabandtd

their own associates, while others might seek to isolate
themselves from their fellows in hopes of minimizing the
eventual loss. Those who separate themselves from human-
ity risk losing themselves completely and becoming detached,
uncaring creatures who are unable to relate to the very
people for whose sake they exist and do their duty. Mummies
who remain attached to their living connections suffer
through all the pains of mortality over and over again in a
mind-numbing procession, yet they also chance the oppor-
tunity to experience love, camaraderie and exhilaration.
The mummies of yesteryear (such as the Shemsu-
heru) are far different from their modern cousins. Some
are bitter over what they see as the usurpation of their
mantle and the sudden change in their agenda. Many
have had millennia to develop long-running personal
plans and goals, only to see them dashed by the arrival of
the new generation of Reborn. These older mummies can
be bitter about their lot compared to the new generation,


=

ia

in a saga reminiscent of the conflict of youth versus the _ choice but to band together out of the commonality of their
establishment. At the same time, mummies have the _ experience. Instead of having some overbearing society or hid-
opportunity to deal with ghosts who may feel cheated by — denconspiracy thrust upon them (although there are elements of
the mummy's ability to interact with the physical world. both), the mummies have free reign to exercise their re-forged
Still, some ghosts and older mummies might offer consciences. Each mummy is freed from the fear of death
valuable insights by bringing old perspec- orfinal judgment. Even the most trivial exercise of
tives to modern problems. A power affords the mummy great opportuni-
young, new Reborn could try to | 1 ties, and the individual can share these
reconcile the modern world opportunities with others easily. Better
with the old ways in an at- still, the mummy's pursuit of Ma'at of-
tempt to merge lost lives into 1,, _ ten leads him to assist others in
a more harmonious, bal- " self-improvement. Mummies
anced, Ma'at-blessed arenotnecessarily the pana-
form. cea of the planet, but they
do have a chance to make
HOPE right many of the ills of
The mummy's resur- society. In this otherwise
rection is a sure sign of

grim world, mummies are
hope inthe World of Dark- candles that cannot be
ness. Across the globe, snuffed.
humans make war, spread Of course, each
pollution and exemplify mummy has his own
their species' worst traits.
Apophis threatenstocon-
sume the world, and its
supernatural servants
move fitfully among hu-
manity, even as other
creatures of the night vie
for their own interests.
Humans live in desper- |
ate straits in the World \
of Darkness: Ugliness,
hunger and despair hide
ineveryalley, every home
and every heart. A
mummy has the chance to
alleviate some of those
hardships, but humanity, it
seems, always turns against
itself in the end. Will the
mummies choose to make the
world better, or will they re-
treat from humanity's

internal compass of.
hope. Perhaps after
his Second Death,
the mummy con-
templates the
horrid course of his
family affairs, and

he seeks to rem-

edy them so that

his children will go

on to better things.

Has the weight of his
past actions already
damned his family?
Does he sink in de-
spair if he decides that
he cannot effect the
positive changes that he
desires, or does he perse-
vere, knowing that just as
he was reborn, the world
can be remade around him?

ECSTATIC
EXPLORATION

Although attaining greater in-
sights into Ma'at is rewarding in itself,

nothing forces a mummy to exert his powers for the
greater good. A mummy could spend several lifetimes enjoy-
ing the sensual pleasures that the world has to offer. Once

self-destructiveness to pursue in-
ternal enlightenment and Ma'at
through introspection? Inaction can
hardly be good in a world full of evil,
but what is the correct action? {
Compared to other World of Darkness
games, Mummy offers you a phenomenal chance to explore
themes like hope, love and friendship. Mummies often have no

CHAPTER SEVEN: SECRETS OF THE SCRIBE

Dede pepepae a basenebebebubabatanenepependnatand

ey


they get past the initial squeamishness they carried over from
their mortal lives, many mummies have a try at many of the
forbidden pleasures that they'd never thought to indulge in
before. As longas your group is comfortable doing so, you can.
explore sexuality, decadence and hedonism, as well as the
limits that a mummy may impose upon himself. How far will
a mummy go, once freed of concerns like age, money and
morality? The Judges of Ma'at are not too demanding of a
mummy who does not pursue Ma'at but who does not
actually violate it, either. Don't just explore the mummies'
limits, though. Look also into the people that they take with
them on the ride. Perhaps the mummies can cause some
people to question their own beliefs and open their lives to
greater happiness.

Socially, each mummy has an obligation to balance
pleasure with business. As the new millennium brings us
greater forms of stimulation, our society teeters on the brink
of total ecstatic collapse. People have more leisure time than
ever, and they demand the freedoms and raptures that are
better, hotter and wilder! Of course, this additional leisure
time means that people potentially have the opportunity to
pursue worthwhile causes like spiritual exploration or hu-
manitarian concerns. Most people choose to wile away their
hours in the selfish exploration of exotic foods and jaded
entertainment, from big-game hunting to Internet porn to

social club parties. Mummies can move through all of these
circles and bring a little balance to such lives, perhaps
encouraging people to inspect their priorities and find more
fulfilling ways to spend time.

Mummies must decide how much to balance asceticism
with worldly experience in their own circles, too. Although
more fearful or disciplined mummies might argue for a
Spartan lifestyle, they ultimately cannot deny the value of
experience. They must work with their wilder c

others realize that ecstasy and sensation are means to self-
instead of just ti or "sinful" pleasures.

CHANGE

Examine a mummy's beliefs in religion and the afterlife.
Here, the mummy's experiences tell him that the Egyptian
views were (mostly) right and that everything he believed is
wrong. How would, say, a Baptist reconcile his faith with the
experience of meeting the Judges of Ma'at and returning
from death? Some mummies give up religion. Others adopt
the trappings of Egyptian faith. Some small few cling even
more zealously to their living beliefs, as if to deny what's
happened to them.

Can a mummy even hope for salvation, or does his
supernatural nature condemn him to some eventual hell?
Given thata mummy is immortal, the nature of his "afterlife"
is entirely a thing of his choosing. Living eternally under the
constraints of a foreign code of ethics might seem like hell to
some, while building a sybarite's heaven on Earth could
condemn a mummy to a fate worse than being thrown into
any lake of fire. Oftentimes, a mummy's desires become
skewed by his need to cling to some artifact of the living
world. A mummy may try to fit his new condition into old,
familiar descriptions. When the new and the familiar don't
mesh, the mummy must either adapt or suffer. However,
those who manage to overcome their fear of change and
create a new worldview may be able to share that broader
vision with others. A mummy must become more tolerant of
other viewpoints, so as to show others how to adopt that
tolerance as well.

The conflict of values brings to the fore such notions as
the importance of heritage and the change of generations.
Mummies must adapt to an ever more rapidly changing
world. New technologies threaten to expose them, co-opt

to find a healthy balance point.

Perhaps the mummy links the concepts of spirituality
and eroticism — through Tantra, ecstatic communion or
just self-exploration —and he helps people learn to exalt the
senses instead of taking them for granted. The mummy is a
living example of the sacredness of sensitivity. Remember,
the mummy has undergone a sacred rite that transforms a
living being into an immortal, the process has granted him
superior awareness. How much more tightly can the sacred
and the sensitive be woven? The mummy also recognizes, in
stark detail, how much he missed in his former life. Now,
though, he has the opportunity not only to explore such
pleasures, but to use them as a tool to build a new, more
fulfilling existence. The mummy has a chance to recognize
that nothing is intrinsically wrong with sensation. Rather, it
isa very necessary part of his eternal experience. Perhaps the
mummy can recognize his repressed desires and act upon
them with his new spiritual strength. He may also help

MUMMY: THE

W/

WW

their powers or destroy their resting places while they lie in
death. Mummies have ample proof that ancient ways hold
power. The Spell of Life, after all, has survived thus far in
some form over the years, and so will the Reborn. But can
mummies cling to antiquated notions of morality or lifestyle
at the expense of their ability to understand the modern
world? Modern Reborn face the difficult prospect of recog-
nizing that eventually they, too, will become relics of a
society that is perceived as a quaint artifact of history.

CHOICE

Given the demands of Ma'at, some mummies may feel
that they've been thrust into a greater sphere of operations
than they're used to. The universe grinds on like clockwork,
and they find themselves pushed ever forward through their
constant cycle of rebirth. A few seek some pattern or cycle,
in hopes of divining their eventual purpose or the final fate
of the cosmos. Others consider such notions rubbish and

RESURRECTION

snenananebatebebatebatanenanentanenaneny

Be gy


work hard' at forging their own destinies. While predestina-
tion may not be total, some monumental forces work very
hard to turn the world in its cycle, and the heavenly spheres
certainly have a significant impact upon the Reborn, if not
upon the unaware mortals who walk around them. Anubis
himself seems to adhere to some unforeseen schedule... or is
that simply his own disguised whim?

Given freedom from the concerns of mortality, mum-
mies might find the press of choice versus destiny a far more
compelling design than they did during their numbered days.
After all, what does predestination matter if everyone is
predestined eventually to die? To the mummy, eternity is
either a grand tapestry that is already woven ora great tabula
rasa upon which to write one's own name.

Individual mummies may, of course, struggle with the
question of whether they are simply pawns in some great
scheme — of Horus, of the judges, of Ma'at herself or the
cosmos — or whether they have roles as individuals who can
pursue their own desires. Certainly a mummy has more
freedom than he did as a mortal, but some might argue that
their condition offers a certain inflexibility of routine. The
Judges of Ma'at can, after all, be quite demanding.

Others see the judges themselves as confirmation of free
will. If one does not have the choice to sin or be virtuous,
then there is little need for judgment. Yet even the judges
can be deceived. And what of the world itself? Mummies
have risen as heralds of a better age, yet the world continues
to careen in its self-destructive wobble toward some subcon-
sciously perceived end. Do the mummies themselves have a
chance to avert this fate or is the world foredoomed?

MOODS

Asa World of Darkness game, Mummy: The Resurrec-
tion often plays upon feelings of despair, apathy or gloom,
but it also departs a great deal from the tone of other games
set in that milieu. Unlike Vampire, Mummy can just as
easily be about joy and self-fulfillment as degeneration and
horror. Your mummies could entertain notions of glamour,
elegance and sensuality, or they might take part in violence
and tumult. Experiment with the many moods in your other
Storyteller game books or try some of the moods listed here.
After all, a game about the conflict between indulgence and
morality may seem very different in a mood of romance
(leading naturally to sensuality and eroticism) than in a
mood of despair (which may encourage cither jaded deca-
dence or Puritanical repression).

SENSUALITY

Given their extreme sensitivity to the world, mummies
have a chance to see a sensual, perhaps romantic or vibrant,
atmosphere that few get to experience. Every sunset can be

a brilliant symphony of color, every breath can be a bright
collision of fragrances, and every individual can be a riot of
sensibilities. Describe everything in adjectives that appeal to
every sense. The mummy walking past a familiar street
notices the blossoms of color in a flower bed, the taste of a
pretzel vendor's salty dough and the delighted murmurs of
couples going about their evening walks. Encourage the
mummies to experience and indulge in everything such that
these sensations dazzle and overpower them.

Asensual mood naturally brings a about physical contact
(both romantic and lascivious), sensitivity, heightened feel-
ings and a freedom of expression. As you weave the story, ask
the players to describe their mummies' reactions to their
brilliant new world. Delve into their expressions, their
innocent glee and their feelings. Ask how the mummy
responds to each new sensory-enhanced experience. Prod
the players into giving detailed descriptions of their charac-
ters' states through sensation. Have them describe every
chill, tingle, blossom of contented warmth, moment of
starry-eyed joy and so on. Even powerful negative impacts
come to the fore with jarring strength. The mummy tastes
blood and hate in his mouth. He feels the scrape and jolt of
pain in every pore of his skin, and he suddenly becomes
overwhelmed with tears over some relatively minor event.
Intensity of experience is not all ecstasy and fun.

More importantly, mix sensations together in sudden
and unexpected bursts. Allow the images, fragrances and
sounds to pour forth in mutually reinforcing cascades. The
mummy glances to one side just to notice the sheer relief of
a black tattoo against pale skin, then, at the same time, he
experiences the scent of blooming roses and a hint of sweat.
Ideally the players should start to associate moods and
sensations with their characters. Perhaps the sour or metallic
smell of another mummy causes anxiety and impatience in
one character. Perhaps one delights in the feel of a bright
arf about her neck and the occasional hint of color
as it flickers on the periphery of her field of vision. Not only
should the mummies seek to resolve conflicts and pursue

knowledge, but they are likely to become seekers of experi-
ences of all sorts who wish to feel and taste and revel in all
that the world has to offer.

SUSPICION

Few Reborn know with certainty the full details of their
new state. Presumably, they will live forever, going through
life, death and rebirth, but how much of what they know is
truth, and how much is propaganda? Why do these mystery
cults suddenly choose them, and what really powers this
magic that they hold? Whom can mummies trust? The
resurrection renders their entire old worldview obsolete, but
the only ones to whom they can turn for knowledge hold all

CHAPTER SEVEN: SECRETS OF THE SCRIBE


the cards, and they have no reason not to use the mummies
for their own ends.

Inachronicle of intrigue, the mummies don't know whom
to trust, where to turn or what to pursue. Each resurrection cult
has an agenda, and the mummies must piece together informa-
tion from the little bits that they can divine through their own
experiences. Mummies should be hesitant to die, at least at first,
because they don't know the true strengths of the Spell of Life.
Risingtakesan effort of phenomenal will or magical energy, and
they feel desperately trapped in the Shadowlands by the oppres-
sivenessand stark lack of sensation. Even afterward, they should
be suspicious that perhaps they can still be killed permanently
in some way, or that they may have specific enemies who can
make their lives miserable. Of course, they do have such
enemies, but the mummies know almost nothing about them.
Reveal information sparingly. The mummies come into the
underworld and go before the judges with no conscious knowl-
edge of Ma'at or the Shadowlands. They are unable to ferret any
answers from the strangely silent Anubis, and they must puzzle
out their inherent capabilities only through trial and error. Each
cult protects its secrets (and mummies) jealously, and the

may even find tk Ives at odds with other Reborn.

To pull off an intrigue game, you can plot out the connec-
tions of various groups on paper, along with what they truly
believe about one another and what they say they believe. The
mummies' allies almost certainly don't give out the whole story,
and the mummies should feel that they're pawns in a larger
picture. Eventually they may come to feel that they're working
for the wrong side, or they might decide to make their own
loyalties and develop some pawns of their own with some
judicious misinformation. Truth is mutable here. What one
mummy discovers suddenly becomes twisted about or thrown
out the window the next day. Nohody does anything for reasons
that se seem immediately rational. The mummies may be thrust

‘ions with no comprel of their missions
or motives. They i be asked to watch some people, return
with d; i i I because
their cult has some hidden agenda like making another cult
think that they're stronger than they really are or even simply
scoping out the talents of the newly Reborn.

CHAOS

Achaotic game might feel like an intrigue-laden chronicle
at first, but ultimately all of the many threads that youset up lead
nowhere. The world turns because of happenstance, and the
mummies are hard-pressed to find any stability.

Indeed, chaos often results not simply from the entropy of
the universe, but from the side-effects of the mummies' war
against Apophis. As factions war for influence over their pawns,
the collateral damage breaks down the surroundings. Politicians
are suddenly jailed and their otherwise excellent plans dis-
carded, homes are burned down in criminal wars, and the

mummies find their friends and resurrection = splintering
around them under the weight of personal conflicts. It's a fight
just to preserve an island of stability.

In the underworld, chaos truly comes to the fore. The Dja-
akh blows the mummies to unforeseen locales. Old ghosts come
to haunt them at random intervals (perhaps bringing grudges
from lives that the mummies' actions ended). The mummies
find haunts or far-off islands in Duat, which are far removed
from the Lands of the Living and rife with incomprehensible
images out of some half-formed and forgotten nightmare.

A chaotic chronicle may be very hard to pull off, for,
without a sense of continuity and accomplishment, the players
may hecome frustrated. To balance this potential problem, give
the mummies opportunities to impose their own order upon the
chaos. When pieces do not fit together, the mummies must
make the world make sense on their own. This opportunity is
perhaps the great strength of such a chronicle: The defining
character and focus of sucha story comes from the meaning that
the players give to it.

WEIGHT OF ETERNITY

Once resurrected, a mummy faces the potential of an
infinite life span. Even for one just raised, this possibility may
seem daunting indeed. The prospect of spending thousands of
years alternating between life and death — with all the suffering
and experience therein — may drive mummies to distraction or
desperation.

Evoking the weight of eternity doesn't take much more
than an evocative description of the banality of the surrounding
world. While playing up the mummy's enhanced sensitivity,
make it overwhelming instead of comforting. Instead of enjoy-
ing the scent of an ocean shore, the mummy is overwhelmed
with the salt and sandy air. He suddenly feels like he's drowning
or he's lost in a sea of memories about the ocean,

Tospice upsuchachronicle, youmust add the occasional twist
to shock mummies out of their complacency. Total despair and
hopelessness do not make for a fun game, after all. The mummies
must t s with eter 1 Instead of taking
immortality as a curse, the mummy should learn to see it as an
opportunity to garner wisdom. Instead of being overwhelmed by

orfinding themsel d for the world's vie
tudes, the mummy has the opportunity to teach, to survive and to
have all the benefits of age without the drawbacks. Youth may be
wasted on the young, buta mummy will be young forever (although
without his youthful innocence). The mummies should eventually
grow to feel patrician, as if they were overseers taking care of the
human ra

CONFLICTS

Besides fighting for Ma'at, mummies fight many more
physical and social battles. The war against Apophis is often

lice i
internalize

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


bloody, brutal and violent. The ideological shift among differ-
ent Amenti demands extreme debate, philosophical exploration
and even warfare. The mummies must also fight to secure their
places in the living world, or in the Lands of the Dead.

MUMMIES VERSUS EACH OTHER

Just because many resurrection cults are making mummies
with the Spell of Life doesn't mean that the mummies all like
one another. Indeed, mortals who hated each other in life have
plenty of reasons to continue that hatred in death, especially
now that they and their foes will live forever.

Mummies created from different tem-akh may have cer-
tain stereotyped beliefs about each other, and these
preconceptions may be enough to bring conflict into a game.

one another interes
ing chronicle because the conflict allows characters to evolve.
Your mummy characters may start out hating one another and
then come to realize that they no longer have to cleave to many
of the strictures of the mortal world. With their powers, they can
get away with far more than they ever could during their Second
Lives. They might take steps to kill each other off, only to realize
that such schemes are unfulfilling.

After a few deaths (and the ensuing consequences and
inevitable rebirth) the mummies settle into more long-range
plorti ingas they try to find ways to stymie one another. They use

iesand pawns todiscover other plansand
setup ways to vex their hated foes. Eventually their feud changes
from a disagreement of mortal affairs to a general hatred for all
of the things that are even related to their opponent.

Orperhaps your mummy conflict becomes one of redemption.
Your mummies begin with opposing concerns, but as they proceed
through life and death, their mortal concerns drop by the wayside.
Along the way, they realize that they have more similarities than
differences. Now thatold, Second-Life obligationsno longer matter
somuch, the mummies' conflicts settle and slow, becoming more of
an adversarial working relationship.

Besides personal differences, mummies might fight over
ideology or scarce resources. The various cults might indoctri-
nate their mummies with different views of Ma'at and the duties
of eternal life. As a result, the mummies may have skewed
viewpoints. Perhaps one mummy finds compassion to be the
core of Ma'at while another upholds justice. Maybe the mum-
mies both look for some prime "safe turf" in the Shadowlands
where they can spend their time between life cycles. Perhaps
both seek a relic to keep their mortal friends and families safe.
New Reborn have little choice but to argue (and perhaps fight)
for their priorities, since they lack the power and knowledge to
come up with their own elegant solutions... until they have
more experience, anyway.

MUMMIES VERSUS APOPHIS

The serpent Apophis seeks to unmake the world while
mummies hope to restore balance. Naturally, as a destructive
impulse, Apophis represents the antithesis of the mummy's
resurrection. How can destruction fight destruction? In the
short term, mummies may at least try to defend their loved ones
or protect creativity or hope. In the long term, mummies hope
to restore Apophis to its proper place as a natural part of the
cycle, orperhap recognize that th
natural cycle.

The epitome of Apophis' blasphemy is made manifest in
the existence of the Bane mummies. Because the Bane mum-
mies represent eternal destructiveness, they are counterpoints
to the more pure Resurrected. However, remind your players
that their mummies, too, can fall to Apophis. Explore the
notion that perhaps Ma'at is too difficult to uphold forever.
After all, mummies were only human, and humans were not
made to last forever. Perhaps Ma'at's champions should exist
within the natural cycle, instead of having an artificial immor-
tality thrust upon them by the Spell of Life. Or is the mummy's
cycle just a greater reflection of the natural one?

struggle is the

On the flip side, the war against Apophis gives many
opportunities for some cathartic adventure. Your mummy play-
ers may want a few evenings of straightforward action and
heroics, and battling Apophis' servants — be they monsters or
mortals — can provide a little bit of relief from the headaches
of philosophizing and trying to internalize the mummy condi-
tion. Violence for its own sake is certainly not good, but one can
hardly argue that wiping out aden of monsters is not doing some
benefit to society.

MUMMIES VERSUS MORTALS

The mortal world isn't set to cope with undying defenders
of universal justice. Indeed, the concept would seem ridiculous
to many were it not so disturbing. The centuries of enforced
rational thought and the dismissal of mysticism that is so
common in the modern world have left most mortals in such a
state that they would crumble if they were confronted with the
truth of mummies. Others would pursue the Reborn for their
power, or seek to destroy them as abominations.

Ultimately every mummy mustat least confront his friends
and family, unless he allows them to persist in thinking that he's
dead. The mummy will outlive them, of course, and eventually
old names, faces and feelings will fade away and be replaced by
new faces and entanglements. You should never miss the
chance to empk this chall aspect of ii Li
How much can the mummy do to improve the lot of his mortal
associates in the limited time he is allotted to spend with them?

On the other hand, this confrontation can lead not only to
poignant associations but to hatred and misunderstanding. A

SEVEN: SECRETS OF THE SCRIBE

shabetanebatanetdsseanepenanananenanenetay

Ww Y

i A BG


a i " a
mummy cannot just reveal the exact details of his new
state to his mortal compatriots, no matter how

much he may want to. The mummy might
not even know all the specifics himself.
Even if he did, would his friends really

believe him?

Loved ones whosaw thenehem-
sen's Second Death will not accept
easily the fact that the mummy has
returned from the dead. Even if they
didn't see the Second Death — and
even if the inexplicable pilgrimage
to the Lands of Faith didn't make
them suspicious that something
strange was afoot — it's still likely
that they'll realize that something
has changed. After countless at-
tempts to get to the bottom of the
mystery only to realize that there are
no answers forthcoming, they may
lose their trust. These dramas can
provide bases for entire stories as
other people try to come to grips
with the changes in the mummy,
even if they don't truly know what
those changes entail.

Ofcourse, mummies will have
to worry about mortal hunters as
well. These hunters are not as dan-
gerous as monstrous creatures such
as vampires, but the threat that they
pose remains. Some humans con-
sider mummies to be simply one
other supernatural menace. Others
want to study them or usurp their
power, knowingneither what mum-
mies truly represent nor how they
function. Righteous hunters may
try to capture or slay mummies as
blasphemous abominations, or
members of mystic societies may
hope to duplicate the Spell of Life.
Furthermore, once a mummy in-
vokes some Hekau in public, he
immediately runs the risk of being
tracked down by hunters, thrill-seek-

ers and occultists who demand his

attention and time.

CHARACTER

While it's tempting to jump
right into the action at the heart of

Sn
achronicle, the scene in which the mummy bonds with
his tem-akh, as well as the subsequent resurrec-
tion, should never be ignored. Indeed, this
prelude can offer rich roleplaying opportu-
nities before ever getting into the meat
of the planned adventure. A person
with notable character deficits un-
dergoes a powerful metamorphosis.
His very soul is wrenched and re-
shaped. He is reborn, both literally
and figuratively.

A SENSE OF
WONDER

Consider for a moment the
ramifications of that experience.
Here you are, a person like anyone
else. You've got a fairly normal life
with some personal interestsandhob-
bies, some hopes and despairs,
perhapsa family and maybe afew big
problems. Suddenly, life takes an
unexpected and tragic turn, and
death swoops in. What are your final
thoughts? Shock? Joy? Fear? Skepti-
cism?Bewilderment? Anger? Horror?
Relief? Resignation? With your
whole life flashing before your eyes,
you see the oncoming end and rec-
ognize death with the finality that
comes only by staring it in the face.

However, it doesn't end. How
does this make you react? You're
supposed to be dead. What will you
do about all those problems you
thought you left behind? What will
youtell yourfamilyand friends? Then
you find yourselfmerging withsome-
thing extremely old as you're drawn
(or carried) away to some distant
land where a strange cule labors over

you and tells you that now, you will
liveforever. They tell youthatyou've
been chosen to bea beacon fora more
vibrant, positive life. What now? Do
you believe them? Do you feel shock?
Joy? Fear? Skepticism? Bewilderment?
Anger? Horror? Relief? Resignation? A
little bit of all of them?
You close your eyes, and when you open
them, you've changed. You know
that you aren't quite yourself any

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

bbatdnanenind

aan


more. That dialogue in your head, the very feel that's you, is
different. Suddenly the world lies in greater focus. The clothes
you wear — possibly the clothes you died in — rub against your
skin with synthetic smoothness. You reach to push yourself up
or to toss away your gl: and suddenly realize that all of the
colors around you seem alive. The world's light dances espe-
cially for your eyes. Must, sweat and ancient scents tease your

nose, but you can even smell the hope of your own transforma-
tion. You realize that you've been missing these sensations from.
the world your whole life. Perhaps you were afraid that immor-
tality would be boring, but this... this experience is more than
anyone could expect. While humans are learning machines,
you've become a creature of sensation. How does this transfor-
mation make you feel? Do you want to laugh out loud with your
newfound pleasure? Are you afraid that other people won't be
able to understand it? What about the fact that you're tempted
to dark passions, but the part of the you that isn't you keeps you
strong, even against your own desires?

And, most importantly of all, where do you go from here?

MOVING FORWARD

The mummy has been given that second chance that we all
so dearly crave. He is given a lease on an entirely new life. He
is free of the weakness that once plagued him, yet he can also
pick and choose from elements of his previous existence. He can
return to the family that he loves, but with his new purpose,
conviction and power he doesn't have to take crap from those
abusive relatives or that crummy job. Then again, the mummy
has new duties and responsibilities as well. Most people aren't
ready to absorb the idea that they're now undying, hyp

= a. 3
he finds himself more closely drawn to other mummies. Or
maybe his friends and family become endangered when the
minions of Apophis come looking for him. What's left for the
mummy who wants to make things right with his Second Life,
only to have everything he loved devoured by one of the
Apepnu?

Sooner or later, the mummy must face the change that he
has experienced. No matter how much he might want to cling
to it, his old life as he knows it is over. He must find a new
purpose to drive him forward through countless incarnations.
For many, the pursuit of Ma'at becomes that purpose. However,
taking up that quest is easier to say abstractly than it isto perform
in practice. Mummies are tempted with their gifts. With eter-
nity in which to play, they outlast any people or problems that
might trouble them. How does a mummy truly experience
caring, generosity, compassion and kindness for people with
whom he can no longer relate?

As the world moves on, the mummy becomes more and
more divorced from his former existence as well. For this reason,
many mummies become overzealous in their drive to champion
Ma'at. They pursue the enemies of Ma'at with fanatical zeal,
simply to keep themselves busy. Along the way, some commit
atrocities in their attempts to deal with the wicked. The pursuit
of balance is an always difficult commitment, and the mummy
must take care to uphold virtue, not simply to extinguish the
practitioners of vice.

PUTTING IT ALL TOGETHER

Your early stories with mummy characters should give

tive, magically endowed defenders of Ma'at, especially given
that these people all had significant weaknesses or problems
before the change.

The typical mummy may be uncertain, hesitant, even
unwilling to adopt that role, but the first time he dies again, that
role is thrust immediately to the fore by the Judges of Ma'at.
Herein lie the seeds of a mummy's internal conflict. Does the
mummy trust the guidance of his benefactors and seek to uphold
balance, or does he indulge in the selfish pleasures that he never
even considered before? How does he reconcile this occult
existence with his former beliefs in religion and the afterlife?
What about magic? Does he exercise his newfound mystical
powers, shun them or just try to ignore them and lead a normal
life again? Such adjustments don't come easily or quickly.

Eventually, the mummy must come to grips with his new
state and his new colleagues. United by Ma'at, a group of
mummies don'thave long toaccept their condition. Allofthem
will die again sooner or later, and the reality of their undying
natures will again come forward. While the mummy may be
tempted to return to old family and habits, only the other
mummies can really understand him. Perhaps the mummy has
a lover and children with whom he can no longer identify, and

CHAPTER SEVEN. SECRETS OF THE SCRIBE

players the opp to explore all of these directions and
explore their mummy's earthly steps. Start with a prelude that
leads up to the mummy's transformation. Toss in the few bits of
the character's mortal life that result in his death. See if the
character is panicked, relieved or concerned, then play through
the confusion of the joining and the subsequent pilgrimage.
Explore the Spell of Life, the dual spirits' first journey before the
Judges of Ma'at and the return to life.

Tell of awakening into the new world and the subsequent
education and indoctrination as an immortal. Like anyone who
has suddenly realized some great and terrible truth, the mummy
may reject the experience at first. Acceptance must come in the
fullness of time. Discuss the principles of Ma'at, the mummy's
conflict of personal belief and perhaps the cult's motives. After
all, the mummy has nowhere else to turn to learn of his new
capabilities. Some desperate sorcerer may choose to use him as
a pawn, even while teaching him what he needs to know.

After the prelude, show the mummy's dealings with his
former life. Most mummies will try to connect to their old lives,
only to finally realize how far they've been set apart. For some,
this realization is tragic, but for many, it's liberating. Nothing
stops the mummy from dropping in on a relative or lover from
time to time. Now, he's a world traveler, a person of power and

baebdbenanenanenannanended

AAP


influence, who is able to make his own decisions and set his own
goals. Establish the feel of the mummy's Second Life clearly,
then let the player determine how the character reacts when
that life is plucked away then inexplicably given back in the
Third Life.

CHRONICLES

Hopefully, you've put together some ideas for stories

As the mummies come to grips with their new powers
and state of being, they may realize the nature and impor-
tance of the Web of Faith. Some will want to travel to various
node points to explore or to re-open lost links. Others will
hope to meet other mummies or just get away from the
cultists who resurrected them. Baghdad, Zimbabwe, Cairo,
AlHillah and any number of other sites allow for exploration
of the full range of themes and moods presented in this
chapter. The mummies may also explore human conflicts,

with the themes and moods 1 here. The following
suggestions are simply springboards for your own chronicle.
You can tell tales in as many places and situations as you
want. Combine disparate moods and themes to make fun and
interesting chronicles, and maybe some of these ideas will
give you a place to start building your own material.

FIRST STEPS IN THE
WEB OF FAITH.

The Reborn must work their wonders in the Web of
Faith. It is only among the ancient nodes of power that the
Spell of Life functions, and the Reborn can draw upon the
holy power that infuses them with Ma'at and Sekhem. For
most Reborn (and their players), though, the Lands of Faith
are new and exotic territory.

Check out not only the travelogues in this book, but real
maps, atlases and history books as well. Your Reborn charac-
ters will experience the full range of the Near and Middle
East as they plumb its occult secrets, wend their way through
its ancient markets or pass through modern airports and
hotels in their explorations of immortality. The best way to
capture the full allure of the Lands of Faith is to weave
together the mundane with the mystical. Play up the preva-
lence of different religions, the various languages, the disparate
customs and the people who avoid or prey on the strange
outsiders. Focus on the crowded souks or bazaars, with their
market stalls full of headless chickens, brass lamps, samovars,
the old men in robe-like djellabas and the scents, both
fragrant and foul, that waft through the warrens of the old
quarters of the city. Doing so is a bit of a challenge, but if you

religious ideologies, wealth, poverty, magic and the mun-
dane, all in a swath of land covered by the invisible pulse of
the Web of Faith.

MUMMIES ABROAD

Heedless of the availability of Sekhem, some mummies will
want to travel the wider world. A few may decide to head East,
to look for inscrutable mystical insights into their existence.
The more academically minded might recall or discover the
acocha mummies (see the Appendix) and wonder if such
creatures have a similar existence. Freed from normal con-
straints, the mummies are free to circumnavigate the globe as
they see fit,

Of course, many mummies will simply travel to their old
homes in search ofa little peace and reconciliation. This search
gives you the chance to play with familiar settings ina new vein.
Play up the mummy's new separation from what he has always
found so familiar. Highlight the ways in which he is stronger
now, thanks to his tem-akh. He can look at all the old familiar
haunts established in his prelude through Reborn eyes. He can
travel to meet his family again, but he cannot remain long or
give up his secrets. He can puzzle out what impacts his super-
natural power will have on the community or realize that other
supernatural creatures reside there.

Those mummies who travel outside the Web of Faith do
face certain problems, but those problems are not insurmount-
able. Unless you're running a gritty, street-level game, at least
one of your mummy characters will have significant wealth that
makes getting to and from the Web of Faith with modern

fairly easy. The mummies may even set up a base

do your research, your game could be one of the most intense
and fascinating roleplaying experiences that your players
have ever had.

You can play not only through Egypt, but other parts of
Africa further into the Middle East and up into the Mediter-
ranean region aswell. Allof these placeshave long, fascinating
histories, and you can invoke a great deal of atmosphere with
a little music, a little food and a few invocations of the
mummy's new senses in such wildly foreign locales. Spice up
the chronicle with pictures or selections of music from the
area as you play, so that the players can identify with the
mummies' experiences in the course of their travels.

of operations in the Lands of Faith and head outward from that
base to explore the world with their endless lives. The entire
world is open. Mummies have no inherent difficulties in trav-
eling (other than the lack of Sekhem outside the Web), and
they have all eternity to see the world.

TRAVELING THE UNDERWORLD

In order to give players a sense of the surreal, a chronicle
might cross the Shroud, although storm-tossed areas of the
Shadowlands make travel dangerous. Ghosts seek allies or just
try to cling to existence in what few stable haunts remain. The
vastness of Duat may hide the occasional island of safety, but it

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


also promises the threat of the Dja-akh and minions of Apophis,
making it a truly daunting place.

Once they are in the underworld, youshould be sure to give
the mummies a full range of experience as befits their station.
While ghosts concern themselves with the passions, they still
cling to from life and the relic cities that remain, mummies have
their own priorities. Indeed, with Anubis and other godly spirits
in Duat, mummies have an entire hierarchy to explore.

The mummies can meet old wraiths who know of the
Reborn and offer advice or resistance. They can explore the
farthest reaches of the Lands of the Dead, even to places in
which every rumored version of heaven and hell exists. Perhaps
they will try to restore Amenti, the Dark Kingdom of Sand, to
its former glory. They may even decide that the fight to restore
balance to the underworld is far too dangerous to be left to
chance. Perhaps they choose to establish sanctums against the
Dja-akh there in hopes that restoring balance to the spirit world
will bring health to the living world.

Since the Lands of the Dead contains the reflections and
memories not only of the entire world, but of things long
forgotten, it's possible for mummies to visit strange spiritual
realms far removed from the present, mundane world. A group
of mummies might seek out islands in which they can rescue
souls from personal hells, or they might try to overthrow the
despotic devil-kings that rule large swaths of the void. Perhaps
amummy seeks some forgotten knowledge, and he must quest
to discover the ghost of someone who knew it, or to find a place
that reflects the old memories of the phenomenon. Maybe the
mummy wants to find the ghostly remnants of the Library of
Alexandria, he seeks old Egyptian kings and priests for their
wisdom, or he simply hopes to find something he lost ina former
life. Duat is the perfect setting for such quests.

Onaless personal scale, the underworld isfullofghosts, and
these spirits clinging toa semblance of life have motives of their
own. Before the Dja-akh ravaged the Lands of the Dead, a vast
society known as the Hierarchy existed among the dead. That
structure is now decimated, yet many ghosts continue to enforce
strange imperial laws, and clashes between various wraithly
groups remains common. Invading ghosts from far-away spirit
lands put pressure on the ghosts who once resided in Stygia, the
now ruined citadel that guarded a great island in the void.

Mummies might be sympathetic to either side. They could

the opportunity to sway conflicts in the lands of the dead. The
underworld is an entire kingdom, potentially composed of
anyone who ever lived. Here, mummies have not only asecond
chance to set aright things that went wrong in the living world,
but they have an opportunity to experience things that passed
away long before the mummies ever lived.

INCOGNITO EXPLORATION

Instead of tuming outward, perhaps the mummies tum inward
to the hoarded knowledge of the resurrection cults, to older mum-
mies, to their tem-akh and to their own insight for answers. Poring
over musty tomes full of dead languages and learning what they can
about their own new existences, they hope to uncover the secrets to
their creation and the reasons for their existence, beyond the
answers of Osiris, Ma'at and the judges. Of course, they can hardly
expect answers from people if everyone is hounding them for their
own knowledge, so they decide to travel incognito. Perhaps mas-
querading as sorcerers or New Age occultists, they seek out books,
teachers and legends. The group must conceal its true agenda and
call in favors, all in hopes of discovering the limitations and powers
common to the Reborn.

Over time, the characters unearth their powers and come
to terms with their roles. Instead of allowing their cults and

other mummies to define them, they decide upon their own
places in mummy society. The shared bonds of theirexploration
cause them to work together to achieve similar goals, although
they may have only the same few magies that they've managed
to uncover. Eventually, they withdraw further and further to
become the puppet masters eliminating vampires (and other
agents of isfret) through proxies, guiding hunters with their
understanding of spirits and hoarding knowledge secretly. For
once, your players are the secret masters hiring young hopefuls
to gather esoteric knowledge and objects of power.

SEEDS OF REDEMPTION

When mummies are first resurrected, they often realize
quite poignantly that their former weaknesses led to personal
failings. Some mummies feel a sense of regret for their actions or
a need to atone for past misdeeds. Given their greater powers
and newfound immortality, this need becomes far more pressing
and possible. The mummy must hurry ifhe's to make up with the
mortals he may have wronged in his Second Life, butnow he has

declare that Stygia's Hierarchy and its rg folle

| gifts to really change the courses of entire lives.

an oppressive regime or that the invading ghosts are raiders iho
should be stopped. Either way, the mummies will face ghosts
with motives both political and material. Each wraith likely
believes in the supremacy of some faction or works against some
other group, while simultaneously carrying on a load of memo-
ties of things left behind.

Mummies can work on either side of the equation. The
powerful magic and indestructible souls of mummies give them

Alternatively,amummy might take a long view of redemp-
tion, Pethapshe hopes toovercome the debt of his past misdeeds
by devoting his new existence to doing good works. Such
mummies might not intervene directly in people's lives, but
instead, they could become strong patrons of the arts, social
institutions and charitable organizations. Perhaps they serve as
mysterious patrons who, instead of using pawns to further their
own goals, send their followers on elaborate tasks that have
some underlying ethical meaning.

CHAPTER SEVEN: SECRETS OF THE SCRIBE

bel ease eles cele lekeie bed

eke sLeleseel

Corts backbanded a reqper while gralltog foantieally for the scarab on bit fackep Cinshig
Healy ali the wbtfe, be tele the arufet forth to wnfeath a best of five at the secomd reaper
ee MH leaph The s Lbrleked and fol. ng fravtioally at Mt og Sofbet and
Nearky, £9 Wan welded wth seadly ofictency a full-sized Katana phat shee fost caffe
forth fromm the necklace the wore.A third Atekt sen held the stump of bs rightarm avd stood
a tafe dttance anay, tnathing at ber while the fourth reaper clreledh, Jooklng for an opentag.

Now would be a good time to Ap tuto your hag of teak Corts calfed ou, looking arovod,
at the nearky ourteropphagt for he tobng foes Be wat ture barked nearly. :

"They wth be opon me the Instant I take my ayer from than Ly War rephied When we

| crashed, Ad you see where Diatrloh—" ; ‘
| Dick sake! Corte ‘ytd. "Take cov! te dove toward the ditch at the roudthde, fhe
Vbarpsoree be Md acre bithhe wore fhan a winor br dhe to the p (ve CBaPIOL
he wore. £4 Wan faved on top of bh an bastavt later, but bit r ng corte wore Pet
out bo the teeth-raftiing explation as thelr foup went up bo flares.

What kod of wholons of darkness use a Moody grenade famcber, I atk yoo Corte
gronled when they bad mest of thelr beartag back.

‘Cnet wth a plan, | thks, the Atlan woman rephied, parlng a carved statue from the day
bag that bung over one shoulder With a whisper of power, the place transformed tuto a whip
Kk waged serpent. "They watted to destroy our transportation rather than fire on us while
we were SU te fhe feap:? ;

Vd be baclived to wonder why fT realty gave a fig Corts watched ar Ly Wark doagon
Peaked tuto the ate to gtve a bird beye vlaw of thelr tyapion. T doutroppote you have L00-
odd buthelt of tratvod parambitary Wokes bo there, Jo your"

Ly Wan thot the Englishman a fook. Would you ceate the commentary and wee if your
preaured wkgbt detertatve Doprbobs focapion?"

Corts wuttered something about wiffel women Lut focmsed bts attention on the sal ag
be wore on bit bitte finger. Each of bis friends bad a sinter plece offenwfey. Right, wil J can}
Ph much more far flat hes wot dead, but YL forge my dittanees corredtty, the Pig Di safe
at bouses over the ofge of that dife

Notding ditractedy, Ly War dag through ber satchok V doubt bel] be much use fo ut
Mer, if bes over the thie. Any of bk Lngefar palents take far too Jong fo perform?

Famous fast words fove; Corts rophled 2tth a groan, ports ah Fibcke

"spelt of bit ytered tn She clear desert ky, gutakly revolting phemsefeas bofo flaming

Lu Wand eyes widened Mybtty. What bs haf?" : :

Looks bike ovr Apyar fplend prepared a natty turprise abead of time for just his sort of \
Utuation. Dawn clever of btm, excopt for the bit about us betug bo the KI rope

They were ronntag frantically for the if edge when phe frst meteor bit


["

ue

fe dtd casi

THE LAW OF LIFE IS TO DO EVIL AND GOOD, TO EAT AND BE EATEN,
AND THE MOST SUPPOSEDLY INNOCUOUS GOOD IS, PERHAPS,
ALSO AND OCCASIONALLY VIOLENCE IN DISGUISE.

—DAVID MAMET

On first reflection, becoming an Amenti seems a great
boon. An incomplete and impotent mortal soul is rescued
from oblivion and returned potent and vigorous to the living
world. The new life of a mummy pulses with vitality: vitality
of the senses, vitality of the soul and the vitality of sheer
magical power. It would be easy to assume that little stands
between a nascent mummy and the mastery of all she desires.

Such an assumption is both wrong and perilous. Mum-
mies awaken into a frightening world fraught with menaces
thar lurk just out of sight of the surrounding mortals. The
Amentiare not the only supernatural denizens of this greater,
more disturbing land. A foolish mummy who treads rashly

into terra incognita may quickly find herself in contention
with something ancient and hateful, a relic of nights when
humans huddled fearfully behind locked doors, and other
things walked in the dark.

This chapter depicts the myriad other beings who share
the hidden world with the newborn Amenti. Some of these
creatures, such as the awful Bane mummies, are well known

ex ffl

to the Amenti. Others, such as the inscrutable sand wizards
and shapeshifters, are as much legend as fact. Still, the
following pages provide a host of horrors for Amenti to
overcome — or bargain with — in their defense of Ma'at.

Bear. in mind that any supernatural creature that
reveals its true nature around mortals — be it ashapeshifter
transforming into its monstrous shape or a ghost material-
izing in a room —invokes the effects of the Veil (see p.
140) automatically.

CORRUPTION

Just as the Amenti follow the path of Ma'at, the Apepnu
tread the road of Apophis. This dark faith is represented in
game terms bya character's Corruption Trait. For simplicity's
sake, consider Corruption the direct opposite of Balance.
The higher a character's Corruption rating rises, the more
vile and monstrous a minion of Apophis he is. For those
abilities that are common to Amenti and agents of Apophis,
simply substitute the Corruption Trait for Balance where it

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

cckebeleleisisie bebe rer ebece

Gf W Www ww


is felewant, "Onherile Corruption serves as a convenient
measure of a character's ties to the Great Serpent... includ-
ing a mummy unfortunate enough to have fallen to Apophis.

Notall characters have Corruption ratings. Many serve
Apophis indirectly. However, their ignorance makes them
no less a threat to warriors of Ma'at.

APEPNU

As the Amenti are the preservers and champions of
Ma'at, so the dreadful Apepnu, or Children of Apophis, are
its ravagers. Foremost among the Apepnu are the Bane
mummies. Created by Set in nights of yore, the Bane mum-
mies were originally the souls of evil humans who were then
subjected to a ghastly rite that resurrected them as servants
of Apophis. They serve the Great Serpent to this day by
directing his other minions, dying and being reborn again
and again to inflict more evil on the world.

Bane mummies get their name from the malevolent ifrit
that infuse their flesh in a parody of the bond between an
Amenti's tem-akh and nehem-sen. Banes are hideous, de-
monic spirits with no comprehension of humanity, which
makes them the perfect tools of the Corrupter. Superficially,
Bane mummies are similar to Amenti. They share many of
the same characteristics and powers, and they, too, are
resurrected when they die. Unlike Amenti, though, the soul
of a Bane mummy descends directly into the hell of Apophis
upon its host's death, to be vomited forth when its master has
need of it once more.

Moreover, since the Bane mummies originally received
a perverted version of the Rite of Rebirth, their physical
shells are twisted, hideous things that reflect the Bane

' evil souls. Accordingly, most Bane
have Social Attributes of zero.

Fortunately for those who would preserve Ma'at, only
seven Bane mummies exist to plague the world. They are
Amam the Devourer; Hau-hra of the Backward Face;
Hemhemti the Roarer; Kharebutu the Fourfold Fiend; Qetu
the Evil Doer; Saatet-ta, Darkener of the Earth and Tutu the
Doubly Evil One. Qetu and Saatet-ta are women, while the
others are men, although such trivial distinctions hardly
matter to such grotesquely warped beings.

For many centuries, the Bane mummies gave occasional
aid to those vampires known as the Followers of Set. In
recent times, however, the two monster factions have been
working at cross-purposes. Some Amenti speculate that
some sort of rivalry has risen between Set and Apophis, and
that the Bane mummies have chosen their true master over
their creator. Other Amenti claim that the whole rivalry is
but a ruse to fool impressionable mummies.

In any event, the seven Bane mummies remain blem-
ishes on the face of Ma'at, and their schemes take them to the

far reaches of the Earth. Whenever an Amenti discovers the
presence of a Bane mummy, she can be sure that catastrophic
evil is afoot.

All Bane mummies share certain base Traits, as outlined
in the following template. Additionally, each Bane mummy
has unique quirks and powers, as detailed in the individual
descriptions thereafter.

BANE MUMMY

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6, Charisma 0,
Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 7,
Linguistics 3, Melee 3, Occult 5, Stealth 4, Survival 5
Powers: Two Hekau paths at 5, one at 4, one at 3, and one
at 1. Additionally, Bane mummies' warped bodies often give
them unique abilities. See the individual descriptions for
specifics.

Willpower: 5-10

Corruption: 7-10

AAMAM THE DEVOURER

In life, Amam was evidently a priest of Set, a corrupt
being who lived on the fat of the fellahin and amassed vast
wealth and power through graft and blackmail. Such was his
reputation that, upon death, he was selected to be one of the
Apepnu.

Now Amam serves the Great Serpent as a scout, "repo
man" and assassin. His unique physiognomy ensures that
little remains of his victims. He has remarkably acute senses
of smell and hearing (Perception 4, Alertness 5), but he is
rather stupid and absent-minded (Intelligence 1). Typically,
Amam's sharper servitors guide this Bane mummy gently in
the direction of his mission.

Powers: Amam's body is that of a powerful, muscular
man. His jawbone and teeth are malformed and massive,
however. In addition to its abnormal size, Amam's jaw-
bone also detaches and extends like that of a snake,
allowing Amam to swallow objects up to his own size. (It
takes about an hour for him to digest something so large.)
In combat, Amam may attack with his bite [difficulty 5;
(Strength + 3) lethal damage]. To swallow an opponent,
Amam must first grapple him until he is immobilized,
then bite him every turn.

HAU-HRA OF THE BACKWARD FACE

A scribe in the Pharaoh's court, Hau-hra steeped himself
overmuch in forbidden knowledge, then joined the cultists of
Set in their freakish rites. Hau-hra used his position in the court
tosubvert the priesthoods of Ra and Osiris and elevate the cause
of Set at every turn. Upon death, Hau-hra was raised into the
ranks of the Children of Apophis. Of all the Bane mummies,
Hau-hra was the most loyal to great Set, and the recent schism.

CHAPTER EIGHT: SERPENTS IN THE GARDEN


between the Followers and the Bane rmurnmieshas left Hau- hra

uncertain of his direction. Hau-hra rel bykid

the vaporous effluvia of his stomach and intestines.
Suchabls

women and children, then using his unusually flexible form to
violate them in creative ways.

Powers: Hau-hra's face is indeed on the back of his head,
but his elbows and knees are double-jointed, allowing him 180
degrees of motion so that he may move forward or backward
with equal facility. This flexibility provides Hau-hra with
Dexterity 5 and Dodge 6. Additionally, Hau-hra i:
educated, droll creature with a dry
humor (Intelligence 5). He is more in touch with modern times
than any of his fellows, save perhaps Tutu.

HEMHEMTI THE ROARER,
In life, Hemhemti was
the grossest and wealthi-
est member of the
merchant caste —
those who made
their living trading
in grain, copper and
slaves with distant
regions such as
Babylon and Crete.
Hemhemti's reputa-
tion as a prize
evaluator of human
trading stock was
matched only by his
reputation forgastro-
nomical excess of all
sorts. Rumors of the
age painted
Hemhemti as suffi-
ciently blasphemous
to order his servants
to filch, cook and
serve the sacred
crocodiles of Sobek
and the holy cats of
Bast, as well as in-
dulging in the lesser
(butstill obnoxious)
vice of eating his
own slaves. To add
tohisunsavory repu-
tation, Hemhemti
suffered from such se-
verestomach "problems"
that he continually and
uncontrollably befouled the sur-
rounding air with

ill an

albeit twisted — sense of

hemerwashardly tobe overlooked,and Hemhemti
was resurrected into the service of Apophis. Now Hemhemti serves
the Children of Apophis as a strategist and plotter. Although not
overly familiar with the New Economy, he is wise enough in the ways
of trade to keep funds rolling in both for himself and the Apepnu as
awhole. Heisfondof Amam the Devourer. The two Bane mummies
often engage in cannibalistic g contests, each seeking to stuffas
many human sweetmeats as possible into his gullet in the shortest
amount of time.

Powers: Hemhemti's bloated body retains and distills the
gases of his decomposition, which roil and
hiss continually in his internal
cavities. When facinganen-
emy, he may vomit forth
a cloud of pestilent
gas from his rotting
innards. (Whenso
doing, Hemhemti

emits a deafening,
flatulent belch,
from which hisso-
briquet derives.)
Victimssprayed by
this vile gas must
make a Stamina
roll (difficulty 6)
orbe nauseated for
{10 - Stamina]
turns. While he is
nauseated, the vic-
tim suffers a
two-die penalty to
all dice pools.

In life,
Kharebutu trav-
eled in the same
criminal circles
that Tutu (now
knownasthe Dou-
bly Evil One)
frequented. Al-
though he was an
accomplished bravo,
thief and murderer,
Kharebutu's reputation paled
next to that of the

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

delete beiaiebekel eres rete

ANG Www

VU w

a

r
x TOCTCTU eT ee


mighty Tutu, Prince of Tomb Robbers. Their obsessive rivalry
in life spilled over even into their service to Apophis. As such,
when Tutu began to be known by the sobriquet of "Doubly Evil
One," Kharebutu insisted thatall refer to him thereafter as "The
Fourfold Fiend." .

Although none of his mystical traits have anything to
do with the number four, Kharebutu has, over the centuries,
become obsessed with his self-proclaimed sobriquet. This
fascination with the number four carries over into his plots
and lifestyle. For example, Kharebutu might dispatch a foe
with four eviscerating blows (refusing to continue fighting a
foe who survives the fourth stroke), he might have four
reapers as retainers at all times, or he might try to separate
foes into groups of four before dispatching them. In such a
way, Kharebutu reasons, does he demonstrate his superiority
over weak, twofold Tutu.

Powers: Kharebutu's powers differ little from those of
the other Bane mummies. However, Kharebutu, ever ob-
sessed with the number four, has developed a grisly
necromantic ritual whereby he may graft the arms of decom-
posing corpses to his lower torso, then animate the arms as
though they were his own. Therefore, as long as the arms
remain attached, Kharebutu effectively has four arms. These
extra arms give him four additional dice for dice pools, to be
used only when taking multiple actions involving the use of
his arms.

QETU THE EVIL DOER

In life, Qetu is rumored to have been the vilest of
strumpets, a dancer-cum-whore who darkened the Pharaoh's
court with her presence and brought about the ruin of many
good officials. Her manipulative wiles attracted the atten-
tion of the priests of Set, who made her what she is. Now,
Qetu acts as agent provocateur for the servants of Apophis,
and she has been responsible for the damnation of several
mummies over the millennia. Qetu has taken the rise of
Amenti as an exciting challenge of her abilities to seduce
and corrupt. Qetu sometimes tries to retain a veneer of
sophistication, but she invariably adopts the filthiest lan-
guage and crudest aphorisms of whatever culture she finds
herself in.

Powers: Unlike most Bane mummies, Qetu is out-
wardly beautiful (Manipulation 3, Appearance 5). However,
this beauty is but a ruse. Qetu actually wears the
necromantically animated skin of a beautiful young woman
over her true form — which is that of a decaying, corpselike
hag. When one sees through her trickery, Qetu whips off the
skin-disguise, using it like a matador's cape to distract and
ensnare foes. (On a successful Dexterity roll against an
opponent, her foe suffers +2 difficulty to all physical actions
that turn.) Despite her decrepit body, Qetu still retains a
dancer's grace (Dexterity 5, Athletics 5, Dodge 5).

SAATET-TA, DARKENER OF THE EARTH

No records exist of Saatet-ta's life prior to her transfor-
mation, and little distinguishes her among the other Bane
mummies even now. While Saatet-ta is a mighty being, to be
sure, she is the weakest of the seven Bane mummies, and she
is often treated as the runt of Apophis' litter. This intolerable
state quickly drove her insane after her rebirth, even more so
than repeated deaths and trips to hell. Ina pathetic attempt
to overcompensate, Saatet-ta alternatively dubs herself
"Darkener of the Earth," "Queen of a Thousand Ravening
Locusts" and/ or "Ebon Horror of Khutu" among countless
other melodramatic sobriquets. She often sets loose one
megalomaniacal scheme after another in a vain attempt to
prove her superiority over her brethren.

Saatet-ta was once a truly beautiful woman, but Set's
rituals changed that for all time. She stands just over five feet
tall, with a body that is a reflection of her twisted soul. Her
skin is blackened and cracked like a dried lake bed, and her
once magnificent hair is a sparse tangle of steely gray. She is
known to use Hekau to veil her body in a glamour of her lost
beauty, but regardless of her form, Saatet-ta's eyes burn with
a feverish light.

Powers: Saatet-ta has the powers and Traits standard to
Bane mummies, but her form, while grotesque, provides no
particular additional abilities. Additionally, her Hekau paths
are one level less than those of the standard Bane mummy.

TUTU THE DOUBLY EVIL ONE

Tutu was a daring but ruthless tomb robber who would
chance any curse to raid the tombs of the Pharaohs. Upon his
eventual capture and decapitation by outraged authorities,
the priests of Set gathered his corpse, crudely sewed the head
back onto the body, and performed the Rite of Rebirth. Now,
Tutu stalks the dark as a warrior and saboteur in Apophis'
service.

Powers: Tutu's neck has been fitted with a golden
socket, whereby it is reattached to the spine from which it
was severed. Tutu's control over his khaibit is so strong that
he can channel his shadow-soul into his torso, then cause his
head and spinal column (with his other soul-parts) to detach
themselves from the trunk while the khaibit animates the
headless corpse. Thereupon, the head-spine can slither about
like a skeletal cobra, while the trunk can also take action.
Effectively, Tutu becomes two characters, each with normal
health levels. The head-spine gains an additional two dice to
Dodge, but he may take no actions that require digital
manipulation. The body suffers a one-die penalty to Percep-
tion and Dexterity rolls. If either part of Tutu is destroyed,
the Bane mummy as a whole falls apart, while the soul
descends howling to Apophis.

CHAPTER EIGHT: SERPENTS IN THE GARDEN

OW WY


Since Tutu was an accomplished thief in life, add one to
the base template's Dexterity, Alertness, Dodge and Stealth,
and add Streetwise 4.

ASEKH-SEN
(REAPERS, "FOUR JARS)

Although the Bane mummies are truly wicked beings,
only seven of them exist, which somewhat limits their ability
to inflict evil on a wide scale. Alas for the world at large, the
Bane mummies have learned a horrid rite for the creation of
servitors. Specifically, the Face of Apophis known as
Kharebutu has discovered how to bind evil ifrit into human
corpses in a grotesque parody of the ancient canopic jar
ritual, thereby animating the corpse. These Asekh-sen, or
reapers, are not as magically potent as the Bane mummies
themselves, but they make up in relentless hatred for what
they lack in raw might. Bane mummies use reapers to
perform simple or destructive missions, and they often order
reapers to go where they themselves cannot.

Reapers make better shock troops than spies, for their
clammy flesh, charnel stench and hideous expressions mark
them as obviously inhuman. In the Islamic lands, they use
the cultural bias toward concealment of the body to their
advantage, tending to dress in caftans or other heavy tradi-
tional gear. Asekh-sen also burn incense and stand amid the
smoke in order to hide the smell of their corpse-bodies. Even
male reapers often wear women's garb, complete with veils,
to hide their true nature from their prey until it is too late.

Reapers are also known as "Four Jars," because
Kharebutu's spell allows a reaper to be slain and rise anew
from hell four times (another example of Kharebutu's obses-
sion with the number four). Each time an Asekh-sen rises,
though, it must join itself with an ifrit that is contained in
one of four canopic jars dedicated to it. In the process, the
reaper becomes more and more physically malformed, its
body twisted through contact with the ifrit. Once the reaper
has died for the fifth time, it does not come back from the
underworld.

REAPER

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina Di Charisma 0,
M lation 1, A 1,P. 1,1 2,
Wits 2

Abilities: Brawl 3, Firearms 1, Intimidation 4, Melee 2,
Occult 1, Stealth 2
Willpower: 5
Corruption: 2-5

Powers: The cold, clammy body of an Asekh-sen is
resistant to many common forms of trauma. A reaper suffers
only half normal damage from firearms and bashing attacks,
unless the attack is targeted at the head. A reaper who is

MUMMY: THE

facing a person within hand-to-hand range may expel a
cloud of canopic ash on the victim. The victim's player must
roll Dexterity (difficulty 6) successfully to avoid beingblinded
for [LO - Stamina] turns. A blinded victim suffers from the
typical penalties associated with such a state.

Furthermore, a reaper is ritually prepared after death
through the use of the traditional four canopic jars. How-
ever, each of the jars is dedicated toa different ifrit. Essentially,
each time the Asekh-sen dies, she is further twisted by being
brought to life by the iftit waiting for her within one of her
jars. Her life-span and the time she spends between lives is
determined by treating the number of jars left dedicated to
her as an equivalent Ba Background rating. Therefore, a
reaper with two jars left returns to life after 70 days.

One of the primary reasons why reapers hunt Amenti
ceaselessly is that if an Asekh-sen repairs one of its jars and
places the correct deceased mummy's physical parts within
it, that reaper gains an extra chance at life. Each properly
filled jar grants the Asekh-sen another chance of resurrec-
tion — one without further taint by the hideous spirits
waiting for them in their remaining jars.

THE AMKHAT

One of the first decrees Osiris made upon assuming the
throne of the Two Lands of Egypt wasastrict prohibition against
the consumption of human flesh. Time has eroded the horrific
memories of why this declaration was necessary, but the ancient
Amkhat, or corpse eater, cult that inspired them has survived
the millennia. As long as they survive, they embody the last
active vestige of the devil-king's desert reign.

The corpse eaters are ordinary mortals except for their
practice of ritual cannibalism. When the Amkhat prepare a
human corpse properly, they can gain increased strength and
scattered remnants of their victim's memories. Consuming
the body of a mummy, on the other hand, grants them long
life spans, tremendous vitality and access to ancient knowl-
edge. Unfortunately for the Amkhat, they suffer the dementia
and degeneration common to most cannibal cultures. This
degeneration results from rare diseases to which cannibals
are subject, which are raised to an almost supernatural level
by the Amkhat's gruesome sorcery.

As the foundation of the pyramid that is devoted to
Apophis, the cult of the Amkhat infests cities from Istanbul
to Karachi. Its members are mortal outcasts or power-seekers
who have turned their backs on reason in order to indulge in
hideous rites of cannibalism and murder. An insidious faith,
the Amkhat has wormed its way throughout the Islamic
world, from the poorest of shantytowns to the opulent
dwellings of the rich. The cult's hideous nature ensures that
only the truly desperate or deranged fall under its shroud. Its
followers include starving poor who have nothing to lose,

RESURRECTION:


he

AMKHAT POWER: ANTHROPOPHAGI

The Amkhat practice ritual cannibalism that gifts them with increased power. Each member of the cult seeks to
Tear the art of gaining the might of his enemies by consuming their corpses. The level of this power determines how
much psychic residue one can gain, while the success results determine how long the effect lasts. Assume that a corpse
eatet's Corruption level equals his rating in Anthropophagi.

Bach level of Anthropophagt listed here shaws the traditional paits that afe consunied and the benefit chat the
Amkhat hope to gain. These listings are intended to serve as examples. The ears might serve the same purpose for some
of the Amkhat as the eyes do for others.

. Eyes: Gain scattered bits and traces of a victim's memories. Such information might include passwords to
security systems or relatives' names. Most such knowledge is likely to be useless to the Amkhart, but the
cannibal might glean a few traces of relevant information.

oe Hands: Extensive thought-fragments coupled with motors
of an Ability that his victim possessed.

kill memories allow the cannibal to gain a point

eee Body: The ritual's recipient gains one point in a Physical Attribute.
¢¢e¢ Brain: Consumption of the victim's brain grants the cannibal one point of a Mental Attribute.
eeeee Heart: Devouring the victim's heart adds one point to a Social Attribute.
Roll Stamina + Occult (difficulty 8) to determine how successfully the Amkhat ritually prepares the victim. Only

‘one person gains the benefit of a single prepared meal, and each preparation grant one point of a single Attribute ot
Ability. A botch plunges the cannibal immediately into a bout of madness that somehow relates to the victim he has
‘consumed. The su the player rolls determine how long the associated benefit lasts:
Successes Duration

One day

One week:

One month

One tori (four months)

One year
The primary reason that the Amkhat hunt the Resurrected is that ritually consuming the body of a mummy
supersedes the duration chart entirely. As long as the Anthropophagi roll achieves at least one success, the Amkhat
steals a bit of the essence as normal. However, since the mummy is immortal, the benefit is enduring. It is also
perceptible. When the mummy returns to life, she misses the Trait point (or the tiny bits of memory) that the Amkhat

UR ONS

stole! The mummy will never gain the point back until the Amkhat dies.

refugee survivors of the region's constant strife and would-be
reformers stifled by Islamic culture who succumb to a tyr-
anny far worse than that imposed by any mullah.

Outwardly, Amkhat are careful to conceal their nature.
They walk largely unnoticed in the culture at large, and some
even attain positions of respectability in society. When away
from scrutiny, though, the Amkhat's devotion ta Apophis
(in his guise as Iblis). and the other devil-kings becomes
manifest. Bizarre orgies, ritual murders, ingestion of hashish
and hallucinogens, and ghastly tortures are but a few of the
methods the Amkhat use to worship Iblis.

Individually, an Amkhat cultist is little match for one of
the Amenti. However, precisely because cultists are human
beings, they infest all levels of society. An Amenti might
thwart the horde of fanatic rabble charging her in the
bombed-out ruins of a Palestinian camp, but will she be able

to react to the political threat from a cultist who is an aide
to the Israeli Prime Minister?

AMKHAT CULTIST

Cultists are mortals and, like the rest of us, they may
specialize in whatever Traits they need to function in the
society around them. The capabilities listed here are for
muscle that the cultists might throw at an Amenti. Refer to
various World of Darkness books or create your own write-
ups as necessary for those who operate in other capacities.
Note that, while they are fanatics, cultists are not suicidal.
They prefer to work against an Amenti through treachery
and intrigue rather than outright gibbering attacks.
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Charisma 1,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 1, Intelligence 2,
Wits 2

CHAPTER EIGHT: SERPENTS IN THE GARDEN

uae


Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Firearms 1,
Intimidation 2, Melee 2, Occult 1, Stealth 2, Streetwise 2
Willpower: 2-5
Corruption: 1-5

VAMPIRES

The Amenti are not the world's sole immortals. The
followers of Osiris have learned of a race of ancient, undying
beings in the shadows, many of them minions in service to
Apophis' champion Set. Like the Amenti, these creatures
have evidently died and been reborn. Unlike the Amenti,
they return not as life-charged, vital beings, but as cold,
corpselike shells of what they once were. While assuredly
sentient, these beings have forsaken their higher sentiments
in favor of wicked schemes and horrific urges. Acquisitive
and grasping, they hunger for temporal power and domi-
nance over mortals. Most of all, though, they hunger for the
blood of human prey. Such food seems their sole sustenance,
and it is the source of their considerable power as well. In
deference to the ancient myths, Amenti refer to these beings
as vampires, ghuls or ashirra.

These vampires clearly inspired the grisly legends humans
tell of night-fiends and bloodsuckers, for they display many of
the supernatural properties that legend attributes to them.
However, the Amenti are still unclear on the precise demarca-
tion between what is true and what is myth. Tales of one
encounter depict a vampire fleeing in terror from a holy symbol
strongly presented, while other stories show the vampire scoff-
ing and knocking the symbol aside like a child's bauble.

Some Amenti, having overheard vampires conversing
among themselves (or having themselves conversed with
vampires), claim that ghuls are descended from the biblical
kin-slayer, Caine. In punishment for his crime, Caine and all
his progeny thereafter were cursed with vampirism and
forced to wander forever in search of blood. What relation-
ship, if any, this Caine would have to such luminaries as
Osiris, Horus and Set remains indeterminate.

ADVANTAGES

* Blood pool: When battened on blood, vampires are
exceedingly strong and vital. To reflect this advantage, each
vampire has a "blood pool," or reservoir of potential blood that
it can ingest from its victims. Each pint or so of human blood
that the vampire ingests adds one blood point to this pool.
Drawing the same amount from an Amenti provides the ghul
with two such points. The vampire can then spend these blood
points to raise its Physical Attributes (to a maximum of 8) or
heal health levels of bashing or lethal damage.

© Resilient: Vampires' undead bodies are exceedingly
hard to damage. Vampires take only half normal damage
from any bullet or blunt trauma wound (including fists and
kicks), unless the wound in question was made to the head.

Sharp weapons inflict lethal damage, although the creature
may regenerate with sufficient blood.

¢ Preternatural enhancement: Many vampires know
magic that enables them to display superhuman speed or
strength. The Storyteller may assign a given vampire up to five
free successes on any Strength or hand-to-hand damage roll. A
few ghuls may also spend blood points to take extra actions in
combat, at the rate of one extra action per turn per blood point
spent (up to a maximum of five such extra actions).

* Supernatural powers: Vampires know many ancient
powers and mystical secrets. The Storyteller may make these
powers up as she desires, or she may use appropriate Hekau
to duplicate them. Certain powers seem to be more or less
common among specific groups of vampires, while elder
immortals may display vast and deadly powers of whatever
potency strikes the Storyteller's fancy. Common vampiric
abilities include:

Claws: The vampire can expend a blood point to grow
razor-sharp fangs or fingernails. For the remainder of the
scene, attacks with his fangs or claws inflict Strength + 1
aggravated damage.

Fascination: The vampire's player makes a Charisma
roll. If he succeeds, everyone in his character's vicinity must
make Willpower rolls to act against him.

Mind Control: The vampire locks eyes with target. His
player spends a blood point and makes a resisted Willpower
roll versus the victim. The victim's difficulty is 7, but the
vampire's difficulty ranges from 6 (for a reasonable sugges-
tion) to 10 (for commands that run counter to the victim's
most deeply held principles). If the vampire's player suc-
ceeds, the target must obey the command.

Shadow-stepping: The vampire may step into a shadow
and spend a blood point, thereby becoming invisible as long
as it remains shrouded and relatively still.

Telepathy: The vampire locks eyes with victim. His player
spends a blood point, and both players make a resisted Wits roll
(difficulty 6). If he is successful, the vampire gleans one fact
about the victim per success over and above the victim's.

DISADVANTAGES

¢ Frenzy: Even the most ancient ghul is a creature of
wild passions and insane rages. If a vampire is provoked,
denied blood or threatened with something it fears (such as
sunlight or fire), it must make a Wits roll (difficulty 6 to 8).
Should it fail, the vampire flies into a state of maddened
frenzy. The vampire suffers no wound penalties in a frenzy,
but it must either flee the source of its fear or attack (using
hand-to-hand attacks) the source of its anger. No other
actions are possible.

© Sunlight: Vampires are cursed forever to hide from
the sun, and fire is likewise anathema to them. If a ghul is
exposed to flames or to the sun's rays, he suffers one to three

MUMMY: 4 Bands ION


levels of scFv damage automatically per turn until he
escapes the flames. A vampire so immolated must check for
frenzy automatically, as well.

¢ True Faith: Asa rule, vampires do not have to retreat
from crucifixes, crescents, Stars of David, holy water or other
religious paraphernalia. Some vampires do fear these things,
but most do not. However, all vampires seem to have an
intrinsic fear of "holy" people of whatever religion. One
Amenti relates a tale of a saintly imam driving a vampire
from the nighted streets of Damascus. In the hands of a truly
holy man or woman, an otherwise useless holy symbol can
inflict fear or even damage (as though it was made from pure
sunlight). Storytellers, take note: Holy persons who can
perform such miracles are extremely rare, and their preserva-
tion is a duty in the service of Ma'at.

YOUNG BLOODSUCKER.

These newly born "punk kids" of the vampire set are
what you often think of when you imagine a modern or
postmodern, Anne Rice/Buffy-era vampire. Fashionably
nasty, fashionably immortal and just plain fashionable, they
are cutting their fangs by manipulating mortals and indulg-
ing in the pettiest forms of vengeance for a lifetime of past
pain. Although they are no match for their elders, young
bloodsuckers shouldn't be underestimated. Some have 25+
years of undeath atop 30-40 years of human experience.
Amenti seeking to best such creatures can be most successful
by playing on the creature's ego, vanity or hunger.
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,

DIABOLICAL ELDER.

These hoary beings have survived 300 or more years
among the cutthroat world of the undead. They are clever,
ruthless and utterly unfeeling. Characters should encounter
such beings rarely, since elders tend to cloak themselves
behind layers of minions, intrigue and centuries-old plots.
Indeed, most characters should know of an elder's presence
only when it's too late...

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Charisma 5,
lation 6, A 3,P ion 3, Intelli 5,

Alertness 5, Dodge 3, Etiquette 4, Intimidation 5,
s 4, Melee 3, Occult 4, Stealth 4, Subterfuge 6
Powers: Mind Control (at -1 difficulty), Fascination (at -1
difficulty), Shadow-stepping, Telepathy (at -1 difficulty),
Claws, Shapeshift (bat or mist form; in mist form, the
vampire is visible but as intangible as a spirit)

Blood Pool: 20

Willpower: 9

VAMPIRIC FACTIONS

Various cults of bloodsuckers infest the world. Some
have plagued the lands near the Web of Faith since the
nights of the ancient prophets.
FOLLOWERS OF SET

Next to the Children of Apophis, the Amenti's deadli-
est foes are the vampires of that sect known as the Followers
of Set. While many vampires seem absorbed in obsessive

ion 4, A 4, Perception 2, Intelli 2,
Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Drive 2, Firearms 1,
Intimidation 2, Stealth 1, Style 3, Subterfuge 2
Powers: One dot of enhanced Strength, either Mind Con-
trol or Fascination
Blood Pool: 10
Willpower: 5

EXPERIENCED NIGHTSTALKER,

These creatures are the veriest monsters. They are true
night-terrors, and they're more thana match for most Amenti.
They have survived over 150 years as vampires, so they have
a terrible cunning to match their physical might.
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Drive 1, Firearms 3,
Intimidation 4, Linguistics 2, Stealth 3, Style 3, Subterfuge 4
Powers: Any twoofFascination, Claws, Mind Control, Shadow-
stepping, or Telepathy, plus either enhanced Strength (three
dots' worth) or extra actions (three actions' worth)

Blood Pool: 15
Willpower: 6

CHAPTER EIGH

games, orch ing the pettiest doings of their blood-slaves
or entrapping mortals in snares of influence for the mere sake
of doing so, the Followers of Set are wise and old. They are
committed to snuffing out Ma'at like a candle and plunging
the world into the grip of their dark god.

As their name suggests, the Followers are devoted to the
worship of the monstrous deity Set, whom they claim to be
their progenitor. As such, they are forever the enemies of the
Amenti, and most Followers will make every attempt to
either rid the world of mummies or corrupt them to the path
of Apophis.

The Followers commonly exist in small broods centered
in areas of urban blight. Although they used to work with
Bane mummies, particularly in the areas around the Web of
Faith, it seems that such alliances have grown sour recently.
Now, the Followers seemingly seek to thwart the Bane
mummies' schemes, although only to enact equally loath-
some plots of their own. The Amenti are trying to formulate
a strategy whereby they can pit the Followers against the
Faces of Apophis as a whole.

Followers of Set are superficially like other vampires. They
are prone to many of th hat ble:
or plague the rest. They are masters of the arts of Fascination and

SERPENTS IN THE GARDEN


1 Shadow-stepping. Additionally, and uniquely, the Followers can
use their blood to assume the unholy characteristics of the Great
Serpent Apophis himself. By spending a blood point, a Follower
can transform his tongue into a forked serpentine weapon
capable of inflicting wounds or even drawing blood (Strength +
1 lethal damage). On a successful attack, the Follower may
transfer one of the victim's health levels to his own blood pool

per turn, as long as the tongue remains affixed to
the victim. Additionally, a Follower may
transform his skin into a scaly, reptilian
hide (+2 soak) by spending a blood
point. Finally, by spending two
blood points,aFollowermaytrans-
form himself into a monstrous,
10-foot-longblackcobra,com-
plete with venomous bite
[(Strength + 2) bashing
damage from constriction,
bite inflicts Strength in
lethal damage and injects
venom inflicting (8 -
victim's successes on a
Stamina roll) levels of |

lethal damage).

HASHASHIN

The Amenti have
learned of another |
vampire cult that is |
active in the areas sur-
rounding the Web of
Faith. Evidently the leg-
ends of the ancient
"assassins," or
Hashashin, are true.
Moreover, these deadly
beings are in fact vampires
who take blood as payment
for their murderous services.
Hashashin will serve anyone
who meets their price, including
Bane mummies. They have wo-
ven a crimson web of influence
through the Middle East, and although
they are not so actively malignant as the
Followers of Set, they readily hunt Amenti for
the mummies' potent blood.

Hashashin are deadly fighters. When building a
Hashashin vampire, take the appropriate template (Young
Bloodsucker or Experienced Nightstalker) and add one to all
Physical Attributes and combat-related abilities. Also, all
Hashashin can take extra actions by spending blood points
— at least one, and sometimes as many as five.

The Shemsu-heru speak of a great cult of the undead, acult
whose influence spans the world and whose immortal puppe-
teers manipulate those in power (from prime ministers to crime
lords). This cult, so rumors claim, has eyes and spies in every
corner of the world, and nothing escapes its scrutiny. The cult

is known (or reputed to be known) by many names:

y The Shuttered Room, the Camarilla, the

WA Bloody Cross, the Elysian Hall.

The term "Camarilla" seems to be

the phrase most bandied about by

the Amenti'soccasional vampiric

prisoner, and so Amenti strate-

gists most commonly refer to

this vampire conspiracy by
that term,

This Camarilla,

2s should it exist at all,

would seem to have

TAA Ea a

little concern for the
, ways of Ma'at or
Apophis. Stories de-
pict its members as
mired inselfish machi-
nations and ancient
vendettas with their
rivals. Still, an el-
ephantcan tramplea
mouse just as readily
through blind indif-
ference as through
intent. Therefore, the
Camarilla is a dire
threat to Ma'at by its
very nature.
Amentiknowledge-
able in matters vampiric
warn their fellows against
revealing themselves to a
' vampire suspected of being
in league with this group. Such
wise Amenti note that even the
Followers of Set — wicked and
ancient as they are — tread warily in
certain regional or seca strata. The thought
ofa vampiric society whose numbers sufficiently exceed
those of the Followers to check the latter's schemes at times
should prove sobering to even the most ardent defender of
Ma'at.

THE SABBAT
A mad and ravenous cult of vampires, the Sabbat is
evidently as fanatical as it is ruthless. Tales depict its mcem-

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

Www WY wWwy


de i
bers as indulging in all manner of bizarre rituals, seemingly
in pursuit of some sort of religious or military aim. Repul-
sively violent, the Sabbat is prone to committing acts of
warfare and murder against mortals and supernatural beings
alike. The one bit of good news for the Amenti is that the
Sabbat seems to despise vampires not of its ranks as much as
it despises all other beings. Confirmed reports depict the
Sabbat battling the Followers of Set over issues of territory
and, seemingly, doctrine. The Sabbat seems to practice a
bizarre worship of the vampire-god Caine that conflicts with
the Followers' own adoration of Set.

RESTLESS SOULS

The material world in which the Amenti exist is only
one facet of creation. Beyond the world we know, vast
dimensions of spirit lie parallel to our own reality. The
Amenti know this well, for they were themselves retrieved
from a realm of the soul and brought back into the warmth
of the tangible world.

Although they are material beings, the Amenti remain
well aware of the worlds beyond the veil of reality, and they are
capable of interacting with the manifold inhabitants of those
worlds. Therefore, the Amenti have contact with the djinn of
the desert and with the feeble but vengeful ghosts that cling like
spiritual tatters to the ruins of the old places. Then, too, Amenti
must ever beware of the demonic ifrit, the Bane-spirits that
serve Apophis and seek only the world's ruin.

A few humans — primarily children, innocents or
madmen — can sense the presence of spirits, but, for the
most part, ghosts remain removed from the world we know.
This is not to say that a spirit can have no effect on the
material realm. Many spirits are capable of using magical
powers to affect the material world or even possess the bodies
of the creatures within it. In mummies' eyes, such deeds run
counter to the way things should be. Amenti seeking to
preserve Ma'at must often reason with — or banish — unruly
or malevolent ghosts and spirits.

When running a game that involves a spirit, emphasize
the being's differences and alien nature. Spirits and ghosts
cannot be reasoned with or fought as one reasons with or
fights material beings. Wandering souls often have a specific
underlying motivation or theme that governs their actions,
and understanding these motivation is essential to dealing
successfully with the soul.

Not all spirits have all of the advantages and disadvan-
tages listed here, although all have the Incorporeality,
Willpower and Name magic aspects.

ADVANTAGES

© Incorporeality: A wandering soul is invisible and
intangible to most mortals (and to many Amenti as well).
Most material beings cannot perceive wandering souls

through normal means, nor can material weapons touch or
hurt them. Some Amenti have magical means of affecting
spirits, but they are otherwise as helpless as their mortal
counterparts against such foes. Additionally, spirits can pass
virtually unhindered through most material barriers, such as
doors and walls, and they can move in any direction in the
three-dimensional space that we understand.

© Willpower: Spirits do not have health levels as such.
Instead, their bodies are made from raw psychic energy. To
reflect this quality, each spirit has a number of health levels
equal to its Willpower. Spirits who are affected by attacks, or
who evoke magical energies, lose points of temporary Will-
power.

* Combustion: By spending a point of Willpower and
one to three turns in concentration, the spirit can set
inanimate objects aflame. The difficulty of this trick varies
by the type of object (cloth, difficulty 6; wood, difficulty
flame-resistant fabric, difficulty 8; hard plastic, difficulty 9).
The wearer or bearer of an object targeted thus by a spirit may
make a Wits + Alertness roll to notice the fact that the
object is heating up rapidly.

* Emotion control: Spirits with this power can influ-
ence a mortal's emotional state. Weak spirits can spur only
blunt feelings such as lust, grief or fear. More potent entities
can inspire joy, hope and love, which can be induced to near-
incapacitating levels. To activate this power, the spirit must
spend a Willpower point and make a Willpower roll (diffi-
culty equal to the target's current Willpower pool). Success
instills the emotion.

* Gremlin: Some spirits can nullify or jam electronic or
mechanical devices such as pagers, cell phones and triggers
or safeties of guns. A few spirits can use this ability to senda
jolt of electrical current through a conductive substance
such as metal or water. Such a use of the power inflicts a
number of dice of lethal damage equal to the spirit's Will-

power.
* Pol

geist: This power encompasses the effects asso-
ciated with the classic poltergeist, such as moving invisibly,
striking objects or living things, producing inexplicable
noises and so on. Masters of this power can set an entire
roomful of items in motion simultaneously, send furniture
flying or even upend cars. Effects last one turn per Willpower
point spent.

© Possession: The spirit can attempt to possess a mortal
(not supernatural being). The spirit spends a Willpower
point and makes a resisted Willpower roll versus the victim.
Three or more successes indicate that the spirit has possessed
the mortal. This power is most commonly the purview of
Bane-spirits.

© Slime: By rolling Willpower, the spirit can produce
copious amounts of a slick, mucoid goo (one quart per
success against difficulty 6). Common uses of this trick

CHAPTER EIGHT: SERPENTS IN THE GARDEN

BaD a PEPE Re Ra Re PO es Oa Ua ROP ed bape beeY ebel'sk


include contaminating food and sliming floors or roadways
to create hazardous conditions.

© Solidify: By spendinga point of Willpower, the spirit can
manifest partially in the living world. It appears asa frightening,
ghostly image, and it may interact with others using its Physical
Traits at half value (round down). Effects of the Veil apply (p.
140), and the spirit may use any of its other powers. Likewise, the
spirit may be affected by physical contact or attacks.

© Teleportation: The spirit can teleport, typically within
arange limited to its own line of sight, although some ghosts can
actually use the lines of the Web of Faith to teleport great
distances. By spending a Willpower point, a ghost or spirit may
teleport once per turn.

DISADVANTAGES

¢ Incorporeality: The same state that protects ghosts
and spirits from material beings likewise protects material
beings from ghosts and spirits. Under normal circumstances,
aspirit cannot attack or affect anything in the material world
in which humans and Amenti exist.

© Drone: Most ghosts, and many other spirits, behave
in certain "preprogrammed" ways. For example, a ghost
might always walk atop a given pyramid at midnight. Know-
ing these patterns enables an Amenti to more easily devise
strategies against these creatures.

© Name magic: Because wandering souls have so little
else to cling to, their names are very important components
of their being. An Amenti master of name magic can exploit
this vulnerability. At the Storyteller's option, an Amenti
wielder of Nomenclature who knows the name of a particu-
lar spirit might find the difficulties of all Nomenclature
magic reduced by one, or he might gain an additional success
when using name magic against a spirit or ghost.

‘WEAK SPIRIT

Attributes: Strength 3*, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Computer 3,
Crafts 3, Dodge 3, Etiquette 3, Intimidation 3, Investigation 2,
Leadership 2, Occult 3, Subterfuge 4

Powers: Incorporeality, Willpower, one other

Willpower: 8

STRONG SPIRIT

Attributes: Strength 6*, Dexterity 6, Stamina 7, Charisma 4,

Manipulation 6. Annearance.3._Percentjavofi 3, intkingencé 4,
Wits 6
Abilities: Academics 3, Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5,
Crafts 4, Dodge 5, Etiquette 4, Intimidation 5, Investigation 4,
Leadership 3, Occult 5, Subterfuge 5
Powers: Incorporeality, Willpower, three others
Willpower: 11

TRULY POWERFUL SPIRIT

‘Attribatedt Strength 8*, Dexterity 7, Stamina 9, Charisma 6,
ipulation 9, 6, Pe 7,1 1,

Wits 8

Abilities: Academics 7, Alertness 7, Athletics 6, Brawl 5,
Dodge 5, Etiquette 5, Intimidation 7, Investigation 4, Lead-
ership 5, Occult 7, Subterfuge 7
Powers: Incorporeality, Willpower, five others
Willpower: 14

*Note that the "Strength" Attribute for spirits applies
only to uses of powers along the lines of Poltergeist or
Solidify wherein the spirit exerts its will to apply force
against a physical object or entity.

TYPES OF SPIRITS

Acountless variety of spirits exists. Some are elemental
beings or spirits of nature. Others are the ghosts of the dead,
and still others are demonic servants of the nightmare-god
Apophis. Regardless of their nature, all spirits belong to
another realm, and they cannot be perceived or touched by
most mortals unless said mortals have command of powers
that pierce the Shroud,

ELEMENTAL

These spirits tend to lurk about the areas most touched
by the Web of Faith. They are spirits of sandstorm and
sirocco, of water or purest flame.

GHOST

Ghosts are the souls of the unhallowed dead, who
remain near but apart from the living world while they
complete unfulfilled tasks. Until recently, most ghosts dwelled
in a strange gray realm of spirit, a distorted and gloomy
reflection of the real world. In the wake of the Dja-akh, the
world of ghosts has been disrupted. This disruption might
possibly be connected with the sudden emergence of the
walking dead.

IFRIT (BANE)

The nightmarish spirit-servants of Apophis himself,
Banes are malevolent beings devoted to the destruction of
Ma'at and the corruption of the mortal world. Ifrit can often
be found in service to Bane mummies or possessing mortals
for their own foul ends.

WALKING DEAD

ads venrys wubnav'akeuhb- veer tevonttmé morne
are aware that many ghosts have been wrenched from the
netherworlds back into the living world, and that those
ghosts now inhabit and animate corpses. The precise reasons
behind the creation of these walking dead are unknown thus
far. Indeed, even the walking dead themselves seem unsure
of the reason behind their rebirth. Nonetheless, the sudden

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION:


and overwhelming presence of these "zombies," as well as the
obsessive purposes they carry with them from beyond the
grave, constitute a threat to Ma'at, forcing the Amenti into
conflict with these bizarre beings with increasing frequency.

HIDDEN

A hidden is a highly independent and self-motivated
walking dead corpse that can usually pass for human —
unlike other walking dead. While commonly prone to pallor
and a bit socially inept at times, nothing about the creature
is overtly monstrous. Only a reading of its aura shows that the
creature is in fact unliving.
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 5, Intelligence 3,
Wits 5
Abilities: (choose six from) Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4,
Dodge 4, Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Expression 2, Firearms 3, Intimi-
dation 5, Melee 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 5, Survival 4
Powers: Hidden can withstand 15 health levels of damage
before being destroyed, and they can regenerate lost levels
through the expenditure of Willpower points on a one-for-
one basis.
Willpower: 10

WALKER

The midpoint between subtle hidden and the truly vile
shamblers, walkers decompose slowly, although most have
sufficient sense to cover their deformities with perfume,
clothing and the like. Walkers can pass as human with effort,
although even the most "cleaned-up" walker still appears
like a sickly, ugly and possibly diseased or drug-ravaged
member of its species. Unlike hidden, walkers seem driven to
fulfill a specific purpose that motivates them from beyond
the grave. For example, a walker might obsessively stalk and
slay the Syrian terrorists that executed it in life, or it might
seek to protect its living lover at all costs. Once that purpose
is ended, the spirit typically dissipates.
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Charisma 1,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 4
Abilities: (choose from) Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2,
Dodge 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Firearms 2, Intimidation 3,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2
Powers: Walkers can withstand 10 health levels of damage
before being destroyed, and they suffer no wound penalties.
They can regenerate lost levels through the expenditure of
Willpower points on a one-for-one basis.
Willpower: 8

SHAMBLER
Shamblers are the type of walking dead that you find in
George Romero zombie movies. They're lurching, fluid-

W wy W/ wy YwWYYYVYYY e

CHAPTER EIGHT: SERPENTS IN THE GARDEN

spewing, putrescent corpses that should not live but do.
They are so named because they shamble and twitch as they
move, since their rotting tendons and decomposing liga-
ments are unable to move their bodies properly. Unlike
hidden and even walkers, shamblers don't typically display
much in the way of sentience. They seem to prefer to eat
brains rather than use them.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 6, Charisma 0,
Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 2, Intelligence 1,
Wits 1

Abilities: Brawl 2, Intimidation 5

Powers: Shamblers can withstand 10 health levels of dam-

ge before being destroyed, and they sufferno wound penalties.

They can be killed (again) only by decapitation or complete
destruction of the body.
Willpower: 6

SHAPESHIFTERS

The newborn Amenti have come into contact with
myriad bizarre beings, and none are stranger than the
shapeshifters that haunt the regions near the Web of Faith.
The Amenti do not know what to make of these creatures.
Shapechangers are clearly of great spiritual potency, and
they seemingly stand against monsters like the Followers of
Set, yet they are i savage and dictable. For
now, the Amenti seek to watch known shapeshifters closely
to determine their role in upholding Ma'at. However, doing
so is obviously easier said than done.

Shapeshifters are so named because they have the abil-
ity to shift their physical form between that of a human and
that of one or more types of animal. Additionally, most
shapeshifters seem to be able to assume a monstrous hybrid
form that combines the characteristics of man and beast.
Some shapeshifters have displayed other powers as well,
although these powers remain mysterious and unclassifiable.

ADVANTAGES

¢ Animal form: Each shapeshifter can change into a
large, hardy version of her animal form. In this form, the
shapeshifter may not manipulate objects, but it may move at
speeds appropriate for the form. Therefore, a shapeshifter
who takes the form of a wolf or cat can almost certainly
outrun an Amenti, while a serpent-shifter could doubtless
escape into a nearby crevice. Additionally, a shapeshifter in
animal form can perform all of the natural attacks and
abilities appropriate to the form. These attacks generally
take the form of a Strength + 1 or + 2 lethal bite or claw
strike, while other abilities rely on the Storyteller's discre-
tion. Finally, assuming most animal forms enables the
shapeshifter to subtract three from the difficulties of all
Alertness, Athletics, Survival and Stealth rolls.


* Monster form: All shapeshifters seem to have the
ability to assume the form of a towering, ravening hybrid of
man and beast. Such a transformation takes one to three
turns. The monstrous form doubles the shapeshifter's Strength
and Stamina and adds two to the shapeshifter's Dexterity.
Also, the shapeshifter's fanged maw and taloned

paws allow the shapeshifter to inflict
(Strength + 3) levels ofaggravated dam-
age in hand-to-hand combat.

. Quickness: All
shapeshifters are inhumanly
quick. Shapeshifters in mon-
ster form gain from two to
five extraactions per turn.

¢ Spirit walk:
When they are in ar-
eas in which the Web
of Faith is strong
(Storyteller's
discretion),
shapeshifters can
step from the ma-
terial world to the
world of spirit.
The process of
doing so takes
between one and
three turns. The
shapeshifter
crosses the
Shroud, body and
all, but, otherwise,
it functions as any
spirit does in the un-

derworld.

DISADVANTAGES

© Bane: Legends in-
fer that shapeshifters are
vulnerable to various com-
mon or precious substances.
Gold, silver, salt and cold iron are
among the items rumored to seal a 7
shapeshifter's doom. If such stories are
true (Storyteller's discretion), a blow from a
weapon forged from or encrusted with such a sub-
stance inflicts double damage on the shapeshifter. Ofall such
banes, use of silver weapons seems to be the most agreed-
upon means of dispatching a shifter. However, the Amenti
already know well that making any assumptions about any of

the night-breed is a fool's exercise. (A bane of this sort is
distinct from the spirit Banes known as ifrit.)

© Rage: When provoked or threatened, shapeshifters
are capable of flying into murderous rages. Treat an enraged
shapeshifter as a frenzied vampire.

SHAPESHIFTER
The following template depicts a
shapeshifter in human form. When it
changes into monster or animal form,
change its Traits as per the pre-
ceding guidelines.
Attributes: Strength 4, Dex-
terity 3, Stamina 4,
Charisma 2, Manipulation
1, Appearance 3, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 3
Abili
Athleti 3,
Brawl 2-4, Dodge 3, In-
timidation 3, Occult
1, Stealth 2, Survival

Powers: Listed under
Advantages.
Willpower: 6

SHAPESHIFTER
TRIBES

SILENT STRIDERS
The enigmatic Si-
lent Striders seem to be
the incarnations of
Anubis itself, for they take
the form of monstrous jack-
als. Silent — Striders
commonly walk alone, but
they occasionally travel in small
packs of two to five. They are most
frequently encountered along the bor-
der of the Web of Faith. Although they
i seem physically able to venture within the
: region, they seldom do so. Curiously, they seem to
have strong ties to Ma'at and the path of balance, and
they have been known to gather at times and places of great
portent. Still, some Silent Striders seem to act with inscru-

table and possibly sinister motives.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

soanebababshanebanapdnabananenanenstcnstendy


In shadowed Cairo, the retainer ofan Amenti (always "a
friend of a friend") is rumored to have encountered a bizarre
feline being who seemed to be the embodiment of the
ancient cat-gods that adorn pyramid walls. This being was
wise in the ways of Ma'at, and it knew much of the region's
ancient lore. Some versions of the tale suggest that this
creature is a servant of Ma'at. Others say that the being was
engaged in rites devoted to the worship of Apophis.

COBRA CHILDREN

Many things lurk in the shadows that darken the Web
of Faith. While the Amenti are well aware of the Followers
of Set's ability to transform into cobras, tales speak of living
half-ophidian beings slithering in hidden temples and dark
cellars. As is all too common, the truth behind such legends
is shrouded in mystery.

WIZARDS

The Middle East has long been the font for stories of
wizards, wise men and sorcerers. From the astrologers of
Chaldea to the eerie warlocks of The Arabian Nights, wise and
formidable practitioners of magic and mystery have been the
subjects of fabulous legends throughout the region surround-
ing the Web of Faith.

The Amenti know these stories to be true. Although
these subtle beings do riot necessarily summon the desert
djinn or conjure castles from the air — although some are
rumored to have such skills — there can be no doubt that the
Amenti have encountered beings that are the heirs to the
witches, warlocks, wizards and sorcerers of myth.

One thing is certain, however. The wizards whom the
Amenti have encountered thus far have been mortal men
and women. Their auras burn as brightly as any other
mortal's, and more so than most. However, this likeness to
the average mortal should hardly be taken to mean that the
sorcerers are weak or helpless compared to a supernatural
creature. Tales passed down from Horus and his advisors
depict these viziers as having wielded great power in the
region for millennia. Indeed, if certain cryptic passages in
ancient texts are true, the wizards who call themselves the
Ahl-i-Batin might well be the creators — or at least
maintainers — of the Web of Faith itself. Certainly, most
encounters between Amenti and sorcerers have taken place
near sites where the Web is at its strongest.

Despite their proximity, though, interactions with wiz-
ards have been cryptic. At times, the Ahl-i-Batin have
seemed to act in the best interests of the Web of Faith and the
surrounding mortals. At other times, their deeds appear to be
self-centered, although rarely as malevolent as those of, say,

the Bane mummies or the twisted devil-kings. It is certain
that those sorcerers whom the Amenti have encountered
seem as perplexed by the existence of the new mummies as
the Amenti are by them. Indeed, on two separate occasions,
Amenti have had to fend off wizards who sought them out
seemingly out of curiosity — or, at least, curiosity used as a
pretext for darker motive:

When storytelling a wizard, stress its inherent mortality
and humanity. Remind the players that this particular char-
acter is no walking dead thing or Bane mummy. A wizard is
ahuman being who is just as alive as the Amenti. Encounters
with the Ahl-i-Batin or Taftani should be exercises in
roleplaying and problem-solving, not dice-rolling. Ofcourse,
some legends speak of wizards who have made pacts with foul
spirits of Apophis in their pursuit of knowledge and power.
These sorcerers might provide Amenti characters with more
than enough supernatural fireworks...

Should you choose to use the magic rules from Mage:
The Ascension, give wizards 10 dots of Sphere magic. The
AhL-i-Batin specialize in Correspondence and Mind magic,
and the Taftani emphasize the more dramatic elements of
Spirit, Forces and Entropy.

AHL-I-BATIN

Subtle in the extreme, these wizards pass undetected
among mortals and mummies alike. Their skill at misdirec-
tion and stealth is nothing short of legendary.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Seaming 3, Cc harisma 3,

lation 4, App 3,P 4,

Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Investigation 3, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 2, Occult 4, Science 2, Stealth 4, Subterfuge 4
Powers: An Ah|-i-Batin character has the equivalent of one
Hekau path at level three, two at level two, and two at level
one with emphasis on the paths of Amulets and Alchemy.
Willpower: 7

TAFTANI
Fortunately, these bellicose sorcerers rarely travel out-
side the Rub al-Khali and the mountainous wastes of
Their ens: of djinn and flamb
use of violent magic is an affront to the principles of Ma'at.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma ?,
Mi lation 2, A 2,P ion 3, Intelli 4,

Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Dodge 4, Investigation 3, Linguistics 2,
Occult 4, Stealth 1, Subterfuge 1

Powers: A sample Taftani has the equivalent of one Hekau path at
level three, two at level two, and two at level one with emphasis on.
the paths of Celestial, Nomenclature and Necromancy.
Willpower: 9

CHAPTER EIGHT: SERPENTS IN THE GARDEN

Pia pepe babe pe tata pe ert b

W a W

ofbebstanenanapananeteng

fe

TIN


MONSTER HUNTERS

‘The ways of Ma'at are strange and often inscrutable. As

Attribute Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 1,

the Amenti have arisen in pursuit of balance and justice, so
has another force gathered to disrupt the ancient order of the
night. These beings are certainly living and mortal, yet they
display luminous auras that mark them as unique among
their human fellows.

These mortals seem drawn like flies to the Web of Faith
and the spiders that scuttle along it. More than one Amenti
has observed a seemingly helpless
snared in a monster's clutches display miraculous powers
spontaneously to strike down his would-be predator. Even
more notable, some of these mortals seem to hunt and slay
those predators actively. In other words, they perform much
the same functions as the Amenti themselves.

victim who has been

Superficially, these hunters, then, would seem to be
stalwart allies in the battle for Ma'at. And yet, these mortals
are not always the friends that the Amenti would want. They
act like grenade-bearing child-soldiers. They're violent and
deadly, yet they understand little of what they do. Further-
more, most do not seem to place any great distinction
between the Amenti and the minions of Apophis. One
Amenti, seeking to contact a cell of mortal monster-hunters,
was instead greeted with cries of "Unclean!" and several
rounds from an AK-47.

The Shemsu-heru speculate that hunters are actually
incarnate angels trapped in earthly bodies. However, the
typical hunter — if such a thing can indeed be considered
typical — seems to be a far cry from the ideal host for an
angelic spirit. They are unmistakably mortal, and, although
they have unusual talents, they lack the ability to return to
life as mummies can. Most hunters seem to be marginalized
or outright unfit fringe-dwellers, and a few strike the Amenti
as borderline lunatics. Then again, the same has been said of
many holy men who nonetheless bore a higher truth. For
now, the Amenti prefer to help these hunters when they can,
avoid them when they must and watch the Web of Faith for
portents of the future.

When portraying a hunter character, stress the mortal's
ignorance of the supernatural world. An Amenti who wishes
to advance in the service of Ma'at should not walk in, guns
and spells blazing, to waste a potential ally. In fact, such an
atrocity should send the Amenti in question spiraling away
from Ma'at. The mummy should make every attempt to use
guile and reason to sway the hunter to his side. However, this
feat is easier said than done when the hunter believes that
the mummy is as wicked as the things both hunter and
mummy fight.

M: L F 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Drive 2, Empathy 1, Fire-
arms 1, Stealth 1

Powers: Hunters occasionally display spontaneous super-
natural abilities, which they themselves don't seem to
understand or fully control. For game purposes, a hunter
might display any sort of miraculous power from the Hekau
chapter. However, most of their powers tend to be subtle.
They include effects such as sudden Attribute boosts, the
ability to see a disguised monster or a resistance to mind-
control, and they should not exceed a level-three effect.
Willpower: 8

BESTIARY

Most normal animals rarely interfere with human be-
ings. Occasionally a diseased creature or one under the
influence of some supernatural force, will attack mankind.
Natural animals can generally be described with only Physi-
cal Traits. Intelligence scores are generally less than 1 in
human terms, while Perception is commonly at least 3. Most
damage inflicted by animals is lethal, although some attacks
may be deemed bashing at the Storyteller's option. Animals
with an Incapacitated health level usually survive better
than those without; others die upon losing their last health
level. These attributes may be used to represent certain
Effigy Hekau as well (see Chapter Four).

CAMEL

The workhorse of Arabia, a camel is a bad-tempered
beast, and it typically ignores any but the strongest voice of
authority. In a pinch, this template may also be used for a
horse.
Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated
Attack: Trample or kick for six dice; bite for three
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Intimidation 2,
Survival 3
CAT

Cats were greatly respected by the ancient Egyptians
and traditional cults, and mummies generally look poorly
upon anyone who harms one.
Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attack: Claw or bite for one die

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

W rwryoy or


oe
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Climbing 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 2, Stealth 4, Subterfuge 2
CROCODILE

A crocodile can grow to impressive size. The Traits in
parentheses represent a very large Nile specimen of the sort that
once spawned stories of dragons among crusading Europeans.
Strength 4 (6), Dexterity 2, Stamina 4(5)
Willpower: 3(4), Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2,
(-2), -5, Incapacitated
Attack: Bite for seven (nine) dice; tail slap for six (seven) dice
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2(3), Stealth 3

DOG (LARGE)

The listing here represents a large, fairly well-trained
dog such as a mastiff. Smaller, less ferocious dogs will be far
weaker. (Use the description for a cat.)

Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5

Attack: Bite for five dice; claw for two

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 3, Stealth 2

ELEPHANT

Elephants are being driven to extinction in Africa.
Mummies are unlikely to encounter them except as victims
of some poacher or as a 200 exhibit.
Strength: 7, Dexterity 2, Stamina 6
Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, -5,
Incapacitated, Incapacitated

Attack: Trample or gore for nine dice; grapple for five
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Intimidation 3

LION

This template represents a lion, but it may also apply to
any other big cat (leopard, panther, tiger, etc.).
Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, -1,-1,-2,-2,-5, Incapacitated
Attack: Claw for five dice; bite for six dice
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Intimidation 4,
Stealth 3

RAT

Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, -1, -5
Attack: Bite for one dic

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Stealth 3
SCORPION

These arachnids can vary in size from a small as one's
thumb to as large as one's hand, and they deliver a powerful
venom with but a lightning-quick flick of their curled tails.
Strength 0, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1
Willpower: 1, Health Levels: OK, -2
Attack: Bite for one die; stinger with toxin rating 3
Abilities: Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Stealth 4
VULTURE

The vulture is common to the Nile Valley; these Traits

may also be applied to any bird of roughly similar size such as
an eagle or hawk.

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -5

Attack: Claw for two dice; bite for one

Abilities: Alermess 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Intimidation 4

CHAPTER EIGHT: SERPENTS IN THE GARDEN

eerekerereiel sree creel


» Atwada fed the ofbers foward the df'uhore Kitts walle rested, and the cbewie,
cova to forget the fatigue and hi Aiphough she was barely av adith twat she who
had recetved the vithont, the who bad beard the calf of these ancestor. The ofbers
hooked fo her for Jaaderthip. i

Youth fil vigor enhanced ly the coca brouglt her before the purobfe of sfonat «|
wihoupat before the rast arrived. The place wat unremarkabfe, but she sented foe
Higttoest of It took ther many bourtto move the stones of the rockipde, avd Upafe
Fausto ttrabued bis back to the process, but poally the tomb stood revealed. Even

|. wat dearly yotouched by man or animal Awwada Knew phat wat good. kufus
bundle would be botaok ‘

| She ten forth the Kou at she entered. Ste bad stolen the kvotted bit from tha
wiser afew weeks before, and the ed if the muteyin had even wotoed Het feu.
Runntag the kip through ber flugers rertoded Amada of the nares that they wth
calh the shart they bad to tovoke,

Dusk crept on ther at they charted, and the sioaky light of the cfactrse/anperns
gave beth to barth thafous on foe wall avd low celling. Kirty wat a fong time be
comtng, and Atmada began po fret Her volee grew hoarse; the Kieu chafed bo bor
bark, avd dawn reddened the snonpleld to the cath Then, ploally Amada lp She
Knew Kupos spprtt bad returned moments before the AU form before poem spoke.

My diler, av anctent vole spoke to a tongue that bad vot been beard for
cootyrtes twat a fanguage that Amada bad only fast learned with the hoffe of this
‘wery perth Wp bas been along time. Tell me of the world Kupus wrappnge LU lsd,
4s maths eyes focuttag upon Amada, tht mouth bending to a swhe.

Father Kity, we welcome yoo, Amada roped bo ballloag toner. Par awe wat a
Metant feeling. Sbe war surprised that the ‘this to cafly, he famlly wtf
fer wat ofected more strongly, dearly mute be wonder at the anchent creature that
arete before thom. "The and it rutoed. Corryppion andateife have cattyour ilar
toto despalr. The seat reek witb {hs and the th are gone. Even the sky Siokt, and
¢ great forests are Seif

He shlrted whthte bis srapplags. "This tt mousttrout. hate dotng tt th to kif,
A M0?" ee

Many. Retyrn to ut, Kitty. We have need of your witdors and your strengpbe

‘Warr nes Kitty repfiech, Prag tne forth that |tbel welkesrom fhe kee and toto phe worl


HEAVEN ARMS WITH COMPASSION
THOSE IT WOULD NOT SEE DESTROYED.

—THE TAO TE CHING

The Amenti are not the only immortals. Ancient mum-
mies have existed in every corner of the globe since the dawn of
time. Some, like the Cabiri and the Ishmaelites, are well known
to the followers of Osiris. Others remain veiled in mystery, their
motives unclear and their opinion of the upstart Amenti un-
known.

Each of the mummy types listed here may be created using
the standard rules in this book, although some may call for
certain variations or limitations. One thing that these beings
share is the fact that their resurrection is not as powerful as that
the Amenti enjoy. As such, all except the Imkhu must take the
Flaw: Lesser Resurrection.

THE ANCIENT UNDYING

They have walked the world for millennia. They are the
first mummies, the survivors of the great struggle between
Osiris and Set. Most have left the world now, ritually sacri-
ficing themselves so that the Amenti might be born. A few
exist still, secreting themselves in forgotten corners of the
world and busying themselves with a plethora of individual-

eee

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

bapubabdbabdbananane

istic goals. Still, these mummies are creatures of Ma'at. As
much as they themselves might wish it otherwise, they
generally end up on one side or the other in the battle for
justice and balance.

Storytellers, take note: Only a few of the old Egyptian
mummies remain, and they are extraordinarily wise and power-
ful beings. Their presence in a story should be portentous, nota

mere throwaway enco The doit A plotsof these k
can easily change the course of a story or entire chronicle.
IMKHU

Only 13 Shemsu-heru — the original children of mighty
Horus as well as the One-Eyed King himself — remain extant.
Those 13 Imkhu, however, have changed considerably. Acting
onorders directly from Osiris, Horusand his disciples committed
ritual suicide and were reborn with the full benefits of the new
Spell of Life. Horus himself has returned to Egypt, and rumors
claim that he takes on his falcon-headed aspect on a regular
basis. The Amenti revere these hoary beings, who often act as
mentors and guides for their younger brethren.


CABIRI

The Cabiri — mummies created by a Greek translation of
the original Egyptian spell — have mostly disappeared from the
world. A few allegedly remain in the Mediterranean region,
carrying out their own inscrutable agendas. They shun the
Amenti when they can, and they display reactions ranging from
suspicion to outright hostility when confronted.

ISHMAELITES

The prodigal brethren of the Shemsu-heru, the Ishmaelites,
refused Horus' call to ritually sacrifice themselves. Now, they
remain secreted in whatever dwellings they originally took for
themselves. Of late, the Judges of Ma'at have intimated that the
Amenti seek out and make contact with these ancient beings
whenever they can. The Ishmaclites are quite skilled in the ways
ofconcealment, however, and they aren't going out of their way
to reveal themselves.

THE CAPACOCHA:
CHOSEN OF THE GODS

Long before pyramids rose in Egypt, the peoples of
Tawantinsuyu, or western South America, sent their beloved
dead into the eternal cycle of rebirth. The first people known to

ice artificial ication were the Children of the Seal,
dwellers in the desert of present-day Chile. Called the Chinchorro
culture by archaeologists, these people lived by fishing and
hunting sea-mammals, and they enjoyed a life that was rich in
ceremony. The Chinchorro passed down the great spell of
rebirth through the millennia to the peoples who followed.

Before 5050 BCE, the amawtas, or will-workers, of the
Chinchorro began the practice of packing the corpses of the
beloved dead in clay, stuffing them with herhs and grasses, and
drying them beneath the sun, shaping the clay into a new body
for the bones of the dead. Since it never rained in the desert, the
Pachamallki (mud mummies) were created of unfired clay,
complete with faces, genitals and the contours of the living
body, so that the bones could live again.

Chanting the spell of Going Westward to the Sunrise over
the clay-packed bones prepared the dead for rebirth. The
mummies returned to the living at intervals, laying dormant
until the amawtas called them forth to aid their descendents.
When the Pachamallki returned, they spoke of a new life
beyond the grave, and they wielded powers to which no others
had access. When not in the living world, the illi (spirit) of the
corpse walked to the Realm of Pacarina, called the Dark
Kingdom of Obsidian by ghosts in later centuries.

For more than 3000 years, the Children of the Seal
continued their way of life, aided and protected by the immor-
tals they had made. As their culture changed with the
introduction of maize and the potato, amawtas among them
instructed the wise people of the nearby Chimu to carry the

APPENDIX: OTHER IMMORTALS.

A NOTE ON LANGUAGE

The Chinchorro, Chimu and Quechua-
Aymara cultures lived in what are now present-day
Peru, Chile, Ecuador and Colombia for over 7000
years. These people had many different languages,
and they comprised very diverse cultures. Since
there is too little space here to describe them all
or to give word lists for the languages which are
known at present, most terms used in this section
appear in Quechua, the Inca language. Today
this tongue is spoken by about six million natives
of the Andes,

legacy forward. The Chimu, a nation of farmers and fishermen
on the shores of the Great Sea, acknowledged the power of the
mallki. Their Intimallki (sun mummies) were dried, wrapped in
cloth and given masks and artificial heads to make them strong
and wise. Their powers were ones of battle, fertility and weather.
Like the Children of the Seal, the Chimu brought the Intimallki
from their tombs and paraded them on holy days, showing each
new generation of children the living dead who protected them
and feeding the Intimallki with offerings.

The rise of the Maya and Teotihuacano nations of Mexico
led to exploration and contact between the cultures. Some
mallki journeyed forth and even attempted to remain there
permanently. They were enthralled by the wisdom and sophis-
tication of the Maya culture, even though they were appalled by
its mania for torture and human sacrifice.

Later, the Quechua and Aymara nations, ruled by the Inca
family, established a mighty empire, called the Land of the Four
Quarters, or Tawantinsuyu. They unified the mountains, forest,
desert and seashore into a realm of perhaps 30 million people,
the largest nation to exist below the equator.

The jungle nations of the Amazon gained knowledge of the
Chinchorro spell, using it to create Uchumallki (fire mum-
mies), which they smoked and rubbed with mysterious balsams
for preservation purposes. These undying corpses, like other
South returned to life when called by their
kin. Their power over fire and smoke made them valuable
guardians in the rainforest.

merican

The Incas themselves were mummified, and the mightiest
among them were "sent westward" according to the ritual that they
had learned ages ago. Gold masks adorned the Chaskimallki
(messenger mummies), and they were housed in ceremonial build-
ings befitting their station. Not only the rulers received this benefit,
butth didas well, sit i Ath
theyhadbeenchosen by the godsforjustsucha fate. Sothataccident
or age could not rob them of their vigor, many were sent westward
as children or youths. Human sacrifice ensured that they would
arrive in the Lands of the Dead on schedule. These mallki were


chosen the "royalsin,"
become the name for all mallki.
Then came the Spanish conquest of 1529, a time of death or
servitude forall buta few in Tawantinsuyu. Desperate natives tried
tosummon the Rebom from theirancient, jeweled bundles, but the
ancient traditions had fallen into disuse. Often, the mallki had lain
leawinal

by Ikiwt ont

tobe roused. Thef
wasted their lives in sorrow and futile attacks on the Spanish as the
iron of the foreigners' swords inflicted grievous wounds on their
immortal flesh. As these Capacocha fell, so too were lost the great
secrets of immortality. No more of the Reborn could be created, it
seemed, as the spell of Going Westward was forgotten.

RETURN OF THE CAPACOCHA

The turbulent passing of the Dja-akh roused the mallki
spirits, the illi, after centuries of slumber. The spirits sensed a
great darkness clouding the land, a corruption that threatened
to swallow all that they held dear. They remembered their duty
to their people, to defend against the wave of darkness that
threatened to crash against the shore of humanity. The mallki
must return and defend their lands as they had done ina bygone
age. The spirits of the mallki struggled to return to the flesh, only

HEIGHT AND HEAT "

Western South America is a land of extreme cli-
mate and extreme cultures. The desert in the lowlands
is hot and dry. Any exertion there requires the traveler
to drink huge amounts of fluids, and local water is scarce
(and likely to cause illness). A character who is trying
to hike or work in the day's heat for more hours than he
has points of Stamina will suffer one point of bashing

«+ damage each hour from dehydration and heatstroke.

Natives know to rest in the hottest part of the day, and
they exert themselves only in the morning or evening.
‘The high mountains hide many other dangers as
well. Sudden rockslides, avalanches of ice and treacher-
ous climbs are accompanied by altitude sickness: This
malady causes nausea; vomiting and exhaustion' for
anyone who did not grow up accustomed to the thin air
and bright sun. Allow one Stamina + Athletics check
per day for anyone traveling in the Andes. Difficulty
ranges from 6 (the high plains) to 9 (for ridge-top
s-climbing). The highest peaks call for a roll against
difficulty 10. Failure makes the character ill —Josing
~two dice from all rolls and able to move at only half
speed — until his player succeeds at another check on
a following day... «
Chewing coca lowers the difficulty by one, but
processed cocaine offers no aid, Certain rituals can.also
make things easiet.on the traveler. .

ee:
to discover a truth that had first been hinted at during the
conquests of the 16th century: The ritual of Going Westward to
the Sunrise did not make them as immortal as they might nave
wished. Although their spirits lived on, they lacked th

to animate bodies that had been savaged by the passage of
centuries.

sa esses

Itseemed that lly by their living
descendents was essential to keeping the magic fresh. The
Capacocha had to find new amawtas to refresh their crumbling
forms and return them to the living. The search took time, but
it finally bore fruit. Scattered descendents of relatives and of the
holy men and women from ancient Tawantinsuyu still lived in
the regions of western South America. These few perceived the
illi of their ancestors and learned of their desire to return to life.

Relatives and mystics did what they could to gather the old
bodies that had not already been snatched by archaeologists or
utterly lost to the passing of centuries. With time and increasing
skill, they remade the vessels for their ancestors to possess, and
they recovered just enough of the spell of Going Westward to
call forth their mallki's spirits. The life attained was as it had
always been — vital and powerful — but it was not complete.
The mallki existed in a sterile and ageless semblance of life.

Since the return of the ancient Capacocha, new mallki
have been seen prowling the high puna or stalking the slums of
Arequipa or La Paz. Amawtas and elders agree that these are
ancient mallki who have somehow "married" their souls to
living humans, who must be entranced or nigh dead for such a
union to occur. These mummies' actual goals and eventual
destiny remain unknown at present. See p. 222 for specifics on
these "new mummies," or Teomallki.

THE FOUR SUYU OF THE
CAPACOCHA

The South American immortals are divided into four suyu,
or quarters, that symbolize the four Sacred Things that created
them. The suyu are often rivals, but they are seldom enemies.
Each has a purpose and liability not unlike that of an Amenti.

of the gods are Inca who were selected to
. As ambassadors to the High Ones, they
received royal treatment to induce them to speak well of the
priests who sent them.

Purpose: The Chaskimallki returns to life compl
restored to health as long as the body is frozen perfectly or kept
in ice-cold water when it is preserved.

Liability: The Chaskimallki depends on thi
The mummy can never return to the physical world if his body
rots away during a death cycle. The few alive today have
arranged to pack themselves in freezers when they die or even
to use chemical means to preserve their bodies.

die in sacrificial ritual

ation.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

pledieiebe ek eteer eee ee

peel

f)
Y

W


Mummies of air and sun are primarily from Moche, Chimu
or Inca nations. Desert mummies are corpses that have been
dried and wrapped in huge bundles of cloth, usually with masks
and false heads attached. The corpse ins its internal organs.
The Chimu and other desert nations made these mummies
before 1530 CE.

Purpose: The Intimallki never thirsts or suf-
fers from dehydration. If he is kept from water long
enough, he simply shrivels into

Purpose: Their origin in flame gives them a limited
immunity to the ravages of fire. Only direct application of flame
causes any damage, and it is considered lethal instead of
aggravated in terms of soaking.

Liability: Cold can kill an Uchumallki in human form.
When it is exposed to weather that is below freezing, the mallki
loses one health level due to aggravated damage each hour.
The dead body of an

Uchumallki does not suf-
fer from this damage.

a desiccated (but living) form.
Liability: Unknown to al-
most anyone besides
Intimallki themselves, desert
mummiesare vulnerable tosteel.
It causes aggravated damage
whether the mallki is living or

dead.
PACHAMALLKI

Mummies of the earth
had their corpses gutted,
stuffed with grasses and
herbs, reinforced with na-

tive cane and packed in red
or black mud. All known
Pachamallki entered eternity
between 5050.and 1720 BCE,
and no one knows how many
remain able to return to life.

Purpose: A Pachamallki
can repair his body by plas-
tering himself with clay.
Each turn, a mud
mummy with access to
suitable material
(Storyteller's option
as to where this ma-
terial can be found)
canrepairone health
level of damage to
himself.

Liability: When a
Pachamallki is dead, its corpse will
dissolve if it is immersed in running
water. While it is still living, the mummy.
is not vulnerable to water.

UCHUMALLKI

Mummies of fire and smoke come from the north, from the
jungles of the equator. They were gutted and then smoked over
a fire of scented wood to preserve them. They lived their First
Lives before 1770 BCE.

CHARACTER
CREATION

Although
i theyare culturally
distinct, the
Capacocha and
the Amenti
share certain
clear similari-
ties. Capacocha
characters
should be cre-
ated in thesame
fashion as out-
lined in
Chapter Three,
with the distinc-
tions described
here.

ABILITIES
Expression
(Kipus): This tal-
ent provides skill
with kipus, mysti-
cal "spirit knots"
that can transf

memoriesand infor-
mation.
Linguistics
(Tongue of the
Seal): This the lan-
guageoftheChinchorro
people of ancient Chile, a
tongue still common to almost
all Andean mummiesas wellasmany
spirits in the region.

BACKGROUNDS
The modifications listed here are primarily matters of
terminology. Other useful Backgrounds include Arcane, Re-

APPENDIX: OTHER IMMORTALS.

o¢

PEPE Pd be I Pd

rel

bapgpanes

apapepapgnanenet

ob

ss" NEW BACKGROUND: AYLLU

| 3B Your ayllu, or clan, has survived to the present
| day. They know something about you, although they
may not be much help. You may call on your ayllu to
perform sacrifices, defend your corpse or summon you
to the mortal world. This Background might be con-
sidered a blend of the Legacy and Retainers
Backgrounds, although Ayllu denotes a shared heri-
tage kept alive among a specific localized group.

¢ A few survivors whisper tales of you around
«a campfire.
©¢ Your family is aware of its heritz

eee A large clan of people who know
where your mallki is located and revere you regularly,
The family elders perform rituals to your memory, but
& they are not amawtas.

eee A village or barrio of your mortal
family who mention you in their prayers.

= -  geeee A huge rural area or neighborhood
of your tribe, with shrines to your memory and perhaps
"yu evenan amawta hedge wizard who performs sacrifices.

tainers, Tomb and Influence (such as in the government,
university archaeology departments or the drug trade).

Ayllu: The mallki may call upon his descendents for aid
(see sidebar).

Ili: Also known as "the gleaming." This Background
functions just like the Ka Background (see p. 65).

Samapa: The "breath," orphysicallife. This term substitutesfor
Ba, but it otherwise functions like that Background (see p. 64).

HEKAU

The magic of ancient South America is a rich and fascina
ing tradition that is much too complex for the space available.
For game purposes, an Andean mummy may use any Hekau that
the player desires from Chapter Four, as well as spells and rituals
mentioned here. Unless South American mummies teach
them, Egyptian mummies will not know any Capacocha magic.

OTHER DETAILS

Waka: Andean mummies draw upon spiritual energy just
as Amenti do, but they refer to it as Waka instead of Sekhem.
That term is used throughout this section to denote the distinc-
tion between the two types of immortals.

One Soul: Capacocha are single-spirit entities. They can
have lived a First Life any time since 5050 BCE, which means
that they can have come froman enormous range of culturesand
peoples. Those chosen for the spell of Going Westward were
mostly rulers, religious leaders, artists and learned ones chosen

AMARA THE RESURRECTION,

by the people or the gods for immortality. Commoners would
have had to distinguish themselves in spectacular fashion to
warrant receiving the spell, and merchant or beggar isn't an
option. These social classes simply did not existin Tawantinsuyu.
Some Capacocha are even children. These immortals reform
the body of a child or youth, but they have adult Attributes,
because their souls are fully mature. As time passes, these mallki
age enough to reach adulthood.

Being an ancient spirit that is out of touch with the modern
age brings with it a variety of complications. In game terms, a
Capacocha receives Memory 5 and the Flaw: Anachronism
automatically.

Sacrifice: The illi can "eat" the spiritual energy released by
sacrifices and thereby gain strength. Each sacrifice provides a
number of points equal to the victim's Willpower that may be
allocated in any fashion to the Capacocha's Waka or Willpower
or even channeled to heal his physical form. A not altogether
pleasant practice in modern times, sacrifices provide a rich
source of ready power for the Andean mummy.

Resurrection: A mallki must be summoned by his follow-
ersor descendents to return to life once the spirit is ready. (Treat
Samapa as Ba to enable rebirth.) Very few Capacocha manage
coreturn on their own. In game terms, a Capacocha attempting
rebirth on his own must have his player succeed on three
successive resurrection rolls against difficulty 10.

Alongwith the summoningaspect of rebirth, a Capacocha's
original, physical body is the literal key to his return. The
mallki's form must be returned to the place of burial from his
First Life before the resurrection can occur.

ALCHEMY

LEVEL ONE
Humpu
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Medicine + Alchemy
Difficulty: 7
Waka: Special
This ritual allows the alchemist to create a mixture of
toad sweepings, shavings of horn and rosemary. When bumed,
it restores Attributes lost to illness or injury. Each point of
Waka that the player spends on the ritual restores one lost
Attribute point.
LEVEL THREE
Hurtloam
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Medicine + Alchemy
Difficulty: 6
Waka: 1


BI ors

*

This ritual came to the Children of the Seal long ago. It
allows any damage to a mud mummy to heal when mud is
shaped to cover the injury. For each success, the mummy
heals one health level of damage. This ritual does not work
on any other beings, or on Pachamallki in their illi forms.

LEVEL FIVE

Rose of Ayacucho
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Thanatology + Alchemy
Difficulty: 6
Waka: 10

ThispowerfulHek heRoseof Ayacuch¢ dici
used by desert mummies to destroy their enemies and help their
friends. A person who imbibes the draught suffers one level of
bashing damage per hour from. dehydration until he dies. Upon
death, tly preserved fora number of years
equal to the successes on the Thanatology + Alchemy roll. Once
water is poured upon the corpse, the subject is restored to Incapaci-
tated, and he begins healing his lost health levels normally. This

protect the corpse from any damage inflicted. Ifthe

body sustains further health levels of damage before it is restored to
life, the subject dies.

AMULETS

LEVEL ONE

Bundle
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Amulets
Difficulty: 6
Waka: 10

This bundle encloses the corpse of the mummy in yards of
hand-woven fabric, in which various other amulets, treasures
and so on may be placed. When finished, the large and sturdy
bundle lasts for one century per success rolled. The bundle
protects the enwrapped contents from all normal damage, and
it has a soak of five dice against aggravated attacks. The bundle
may be unwrapped by mundane means, although the mummy's
spirit will feel the exposure no matter where it is in the universe.
LEVEL TWO

Mask
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Awareness + Amulets
Difficulty: 7
Waka: 6

This ritual creates a mask of gold, silver or precious shell.
The mask forms a face for the Bundle ritual, enabling the
mummy to see out of its eyes at any time, no matter where his
spirit is. By expending one Waka, the Capacocha may speak

through the mask for one scene. For mummies who have living
worshippers, this mask is a useful accessory.

SACRIFICE

These Hekau are a variation on the Necromancy practiced
by Egyptian mummies. Sacrifice magic is well known in
Mesoamerica; note that any practice of Sacrifice magic will
draw much unfavorable attention to the practitioner, and
anyone but a traditional native of the region will find it
disgusting.

LEVEL ONE

Challa
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Awareness + Sacrifice
Difficulty: 5
Wak

This ifice of alcohol. The celebrant must drink huge
amounts of liquor, spitting and spraying it toward the object of
the sacrifice. For each two health levels of bashing damage the
celebrant suffers from ingesting vast amounts of alcohol (see
toxin ratings on p. 136), the celebrant gets one Waka point. A.
botch leaves the celebrant Incapacitated with alcohol poison-
ing while yielding no Waka.

Puka Lampu
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Medicine + Sacrifice
Difficulty: 6
Waka: Special

This ritual is a method of curing disease by rubbing a puppy
or guinea pig on the afflicted area, then sacrificing the animal
and examining its heart. Stains on the heart indicate illness, and
the mummy then covers the afflicted area with medicinal clay.
Each point of Waka expended heals one health level of damage
of any type.
LEVEL TWO

Kuchu Pacha
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Sacrifice
Difficulty: 4
Waka: None

This self-mutilation ritual allows the practitioner to slash
and pierce his own body to draw forth spiritual energy. He cuts
or lances his lips, tongue, genitals or other body parts and soaks
the blood into bark-paper or cloth. Every two levels of bashing
damage or every one level of lethal damage that the ritualist
suffers provide the mummy with one point of Waka. Every level
of aggravated damage suffered translates to two points of Waka.
The Waka gained may exceed the mallki's normal limits.

APPENDIX: OTHER IMMORTALS


LEVEL THREE

Chaqui
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Sacrifice
Difficulty: 7
Waka: 5

This ritual creates a ghostly servant (chaqui, or "ambas-
sador") from the sacrificial victim. The practitioner slays the
victim while chanting ancient sacred songs, and he binds the
rising spirit to serve him. The effects are equivalent to Bind
the Living (p. 119). When the sacrificer performs the ritual
to wipe out sin, the rite is called "royal sin," or capacocha.
Depending on the circumstances and the victim, a mummy
could well lose Balance for casting this ritual.

LEVEL FOUR

Lula
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Sacrifice
Difficulty: 7
Waka: 2

In dry Peru, the rains were often a blessing, but they could
also be a danger. With this sacrifice of animals and/ or humans,
the practitioner calls forth a flood. Total the Willpower scores
of the sacrifices (animals have Willpower 1). Each point is the
equivalent of an inch of rain. Five inches signifies a downpour,
and 10 or more is a tremendous flood.

LEVEL FIVE

Wayo
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Sacrifice
Difficulty: 7
Waka: 10

This gruesome rite involves sacrificinga human whose face
the mummy skins and makes into a mask. The mask allows the
wearer to draw upon the victim's abilities. The successes indi-
cate the number of Attribute or Ability points that the
practitioner may allocate to himself for one scene. After the
initial sacrifice, the mask may be used for the next six months
by expending one Waka each time. After that, it becomes little
more than a gruesome trophy.

THE TEOMALLKI: THE
NEWLY IMMORTAL

While technically immortal, the physical forms of the
mallki are far too vulnerable while they are dormant to achieve
the long existence of their Egyptian counterparts. Beyond the
dangers presented by human curiosity and stupidity, the mallki
also have to deal with changes in climate and landscape. Many

methods have been used to get around the destruction of the
original body, from possession to rebirth, but none that allow
the Andean mummy to live on any differently than before.

‘The mallki long believed that there was no way to return
to the Land of the Living once their body was destroyed and
their human cult was scattered. With diligent research and the
aid of illi watching from the Shadowlands, a rare few amawtas
have gathered enough rumors of the Amenti to s
similar approach might work for their own ances
who lacked physical forms could be reborn by joining withanew
spirit that had strong ties to the living world. The spell of Going
Westward could then be performed to bind the souls to the
body, in an imitation of the Egyptian Spell of Life.

The only other choices were to eventually succumb to
oblivion or undergo the Amenti ritual. The proud Capacocha
spirits would notaccept the defeat of final death, nor would they
obligate themselves to another. Incomplete though their own
spell of rebirth was, they saw it as their only choice.

The Teomallki don't have the compelling force of Ma'at
guiding them along in their new life. Most find themselves
directed by the drives of their original illi. The previous mallki
wanted to stay alive, which most likely becomes the new
immortal's driving goal. However, just assome Amenti may feel
like they've been hijacked into their new immortality, so too
may the Teomallki. It remains to be seen whether the Amenti
view the Teomallki—and all Capacocha— as allies in the war
against Apophis or as a new variety of Bane mummy that revels
in sacrifice and corruption.

CHARACTER CREATION

In most respects, the creation of a Teomallki is identical to
that of an Amenti mummy. A recently deceased person meets
anancient soul in the underworld who promises him immortal-
ity. The body is then animated and taken to someone who can
complete the necessary magic. The primary difference comes
from how the two souls mix. Instead of the old illi — the
equivalent to an Amenti's tem-akh — replacing only a small
part of the host's soul, the new and old spirits have more of a
shared relationship. The most pronounced aspects of each soul
come through in the new combined illi. Note that this arrange-
ment doesn't necessarily mean that the more aggressive traits
win, just those that are strongest in the respective individuals.
So an aggressive warrior merging with a peace-loving minister
may have just as strong an inner strength as before, but it is now
geared toward solving problems through peaceful persistence
rather than violent confrontation.

Since the illi is a larger part of the Teomallki's soul, the
Andean mummy retains a fairly clear memory of his First Life.
However, the joining of souls using the ancient South Ameri-
can ritual does not allow for a complete resurrection. Giving a
Teomallki Memory 3 and the Flaw: Lesser Resurrection reflects
these factors.

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

wee ga


Due to its bond with another soul, the Teomallki enjoys a
somewhat greater degree of resurrection than its Capacocha
cousins do. The body starts agi: anumberofdecad
tothe character's Samapa (Ba) rating, and it eventually dies like
any aging mortal would. The corpse does not decay without
preservation like other mallki bodies do. Instead, it remains in
a kind of stasis as an Amenti does. The corpse may still be
destroyed, however, and a Teomallki whose body is destroyed
while itsilli isseparated is just as out of luck as the old Capacocha
are. Otherwise, upon the next resurrection, the corpse resets to
the physical age it was when it died at the end of the First Life.
Further, the Teomallki may return to life just like an Amenti
does, rather than having to wait for the living to summon it.

equal

Aside from the distinctions mentioned previously, follow
the rules for Cé ha, including | 1 de-
tails and magic choices:

THE WU TIAN:
ETERNAL WARRIORS OF
THE TAO

TheC: h awitiest heruby ae
the first of the immortal Taoists postdate the Nile Empire by
millennia. Throughout much of their history, the mystics and
philosophers who followed the teachings of Lao-Tzu and his
disciples have sought to create perfect harmony within them-
selves in order to come to a greater understanding of the
essential unity of life and death. After the Qin Dynasty that
often persecuted the sages, followers of the Tao studied the ways
of the alchemists in the hopes of attaining a state beyond the
cycles of life and death: immortality.

The mystics sought the key of immortality in numerous
ways. Among the Taoist-influenced Zen monks of Japan,
some stopped their own bodily functions completely and
used mercury and other materials to preserve their flesh so
that they would see the fulfillment of time. Others studied
alchemical transformations, hoping that their bodies would
be subsumed completely into the spirit lands at death. Still
others studied the natural movements of their bodies and
developed the arts of Tai Chi Chuan to further balance their
internal flows of life energy and sustain health far beyond the
expectations of normal mortals.

Some achieved a state of near agelessness in the mortal
realm. Rare others cycled constantly between the Middle
Kingdom of mortal humans and the Yellow Springs, the Dark
Kingdom of ade, much like the Shemsu-heru of Egypt did. The
greatest ascended to be with the ancient sage Lao-Tzu and
became the Eight Immortals, patrons and advocates of those
who followed heaven's ways.

But that was long ago, before heaven turned its back. Now,
the August Personage of Jade has vanished from his throne ina

manner even more mysterious than that in which Osiris de-
parted from Amenti. The supernaturals of the mortal realm
whisper prophecies of a coming demon emperor who will rule
heaven for an age. Once advisors and advocates, the Eight
Immortals now find themselves exiled from heaven. Now that
the Jade Throne has been abandoned, they have no one to
whom they can present their charges. Touched by the eternal
Tao, but still retaining the compassion of the greatest sages of
the Middle Kingdom, the Eight Immortals felt that every
existing hope was lost.

THE BURDEN OF IMMORTALITY:
THE CALLING OF THE WU TLAN

Now locked outside heaven's gate, the Eight Immortals
pondered the plight of all the Ten Thousand Things of Heaven
that they had once ruled over in justice and compassion. They
knew that they could not stop the coming of the rumored
demon emperor any more than they mightstop ice from melting
ina desert. A battle with the Abyss, that which the Amenti
know as Apophis, was not their plan, for such a battle would be
suicide. Instead, these venerable beings sought to salvage,
protect and hide whatever they might keep sacred and safe in
the coming time of crisis.

They realized that they would need protectors who could
move through each of the realms of existence, who could work
great feats of magic and who could survive the depredations of
the burgeoning demon age.

The Eight Immortals turned to the 200 last great sages of
the Tao who lived on Earth, but they found that many of these
sages were already sinking into their final hours. Therefore, they
called out to the hearts and minds of the great sages and asked
them to select from among their students those who might best
represent the ancient Way of Heaven during the long reign of
hell. To each of these students, as young and naive as many of
them were, the Eight Immortals gave the elixir of eternal life in
return for their eternal service to the Tao.

These new immortals have been given the name Wu
Tian — the family of heaven — because they are the
daughters and sons that heaven has called to service and
compassion before its fall.

THE DUTY TO HEAYEN: THE
PURPOSE OF THE WU TIAN

From the first draught of the elixir, the new Wu Tian is
taken in body and spirit to the gate of heaven where he sits and
contemplates how he may militate against the coming terrors.
At the end of this meditation, the Eight Immortals — as
representatives of heaven in exile — give the Asian immortal
a quest. The mission may take the immortal to the Middle
Kingdom (the physical realm of Asia) or its surrounding na-
tions. It could also take him to the Yin or Yang worlds (the

APPENDIX: OTHER IMMORTALS


Shadowlands or Middle Umbra) with their numerous realms _ them are Buddhist, Confucian or even Jewish, Muslim, Chris-
and denizens. It may even take him to the farthest reaches of _ tian or agnostic.
Yomi, the Thousand Hells. CONCEPT

The quest may be specific or very general, from finding and =. esmaRTEAeSe-al any back rr
destroying theswmarksrof a'esrtaia lem dcRIGn tO Asian mummies may ref lect almost any bac! ground or

- as . ; concept, although the majority expresses some serious
creatingaplace within the Wicked City wherein
tortured souls may find peace. The quest
may have a set duration or specific
requirements unrelated totime, from
standing guard for 200 years over
the Spring of Eternal Yang to
delivering a young girl in
China safely to her immi-
grant parents. When he
completes the quest, the
Eightcallthe WuT ian
toreturn to the gate of
heaven and again
spend time in rest
and contemplation
before beginning a
new quest. If the
immortal should
be destroyed in
seeking to fulfill
the quest, his body
and soul appear
once again at the
gates of heaven for
a period of rest and
reflection before ei-
ther returning to
complete the original
quest or being sentona
new task.

interest in spirituality and an honest commit-
" ment to matters of justice and compassion.
Viable concepts include social worker,
monk, clergy person, union orga-
nizer, peace activist or
pro-democracy idealist. The
& average Wu T'ian ended his
First Life between 1996 and
the present, although
many daughters and sons
are still to be chosen.
Nature and De-
meanor: Perhaps the
most suitable Natures
include Architect,
Caregiver, Martyr,
Rebeland Visionary,
although heaven
may also find use for
| a wide variety of
other Natures.
Given the Taoist
predilection forsim-
plicity and integrity,
the Nature and De-
meanor often match,
although Demeanors
suchas Deviant, Jester,
Judge and Traditional-
ist are not unheard of.

TRAITS
Wu T'ian characters
have the same range of At-
tributes, Abilities and
Advantages that the Amentimum-
mies do. Most Wu Tian tend to
emphasize Mental Attributes, and many
give priority to Perception. Similarly, most
also focus on Perception-related Abilities such as
"Alera Awareness and Investigation. Almost all Wu
Tian have relatively high ratings in Meditation. A good
number have also studied Academics, Cosmology, Linguistics,
Medicine and Occult.
Despite the fact that their underground war with the
coming demon emperor necessitates certain combat capabili-
ties, most young students of the Tao have little knowledge of the

Unlike the new immortals of
Amenti, the Wu Tian are not souls who are
deemed to be lacking or incomplete. Instead, they
are spirits in whom heaven saw some state very near balance and
who had been set early to serve the Tao. The majority of Wu
Tian are Chinese or the descendents of Chinese families
scattered throughout the World of Darkness, although their
numbers have also included other followers of Lao-Tzu's way.
Most are followers of religious Taoism, although a handful of

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION


ways of war. The possible exceptions are the few who have
studied Martial Arts (see Kindred of the East for the Martial
Arts Skill, or substitute adequate ratings in Brawl, Dodge and
Melee). Only a very few Wu Tian ever had need to fire a gun
in their First Life.

BACKGROUNDS

High ratings in the Mentor Background are unusual, since
most Middle Kingdom sorcerers and wizards are ill-equipped to
trainanew Wu T'ian to his full potential. Some Wu T'ian learn
from spirits of the Yin and Yang worlds — sometimes even the
ancestor spirits of their first teachers.

Although Asian mummies do not have a distinct ba or ka
as such, their function in the setting can be translated fairly
easily into Mummy's game terms.

The Wu Tian remain in the realm to which they are sent
until either they complete their quest or they die (whichever
comes first). Upon completion or death, the Wu Tian spirit
returns to the heavenly gates to contemplate his last incarna-
tion, the work he must accomplish in future quests and the

i The time he spends thus ma'
be long or short depending on the amount of rest and contem-
plation the mummy needs. The Ba Background represents this
requirement handily enough. A higher rating is suitable for a
highly insightful Wu T'ian who may take on anew mission with
little meditation needed between lives.

Since the whole spirit departs for contemplation, an Asian
mummy may not take the Ka Background. However, the Wu
T'ian's corpse does benefit from its basic level, which keeps the
corpse from decomposing as it awaits the soul's return.

The Storytellershould refuse toallowa Wu T ian character
to return too soon to a realm in which he failed to complete a
quest. The elapsed time should depend on the pace and needs
of the chronicle. Wu T'ian who complete a quest but who try to
refuse the call to return should suffer penalties to both their Chi
and their normal dice pools. This penalty reflects the increasing
state of exhaustion that unnecessary absence from the heavenly
realms causes in these immortals.

BALANCE. SEKHEM AND HEKAU

The Quest Trait functions much like Balance for the Wu
Tian, representing the individual immortal's alignment with
the Way of Heaven. Likewise, the Wu T'ian also draw upon
mystical energy in order to channel magical effects as the
Amenti do. The Asian mummies use Chi instead of Sekhem,
and they call their powers Arts rather than Hekau. The distinc-
tions do not extend appreciably beyond simple terminology,
though. The following sections outline notable differences in
the ways in which Amenti and Wu Tian use these Traits.
Otherwise, assume that these Traits abide by the same rules as
described in Chapters Three and Four.

COMPASSION FOR ALL THINGS
UNDER HEAVEN: QUEST

Instead of mastering increasingly rarefied moral steps as a
proponent of Balance must, the Wu T'ian strive to master the
Ten Heavenly Precepts. The number of precepts that one has
mastered represents each Wu T'ian's Quest rating. Just as the
Judges of Ma'at determine whether an Amenti is worthy to
receive a higher level of Balance, the Eight Immortals decree
whether a Wu T'ian may advance his Quest score. The Story-
tellershould require that the character show by repeated action.
that he is ready to master a given precept. Failure todo so should
bar the player from spending the experience points to raise the
character's Quest rating.

Similarly, just as an Amenti may lose Balance for failing
to uphold Ma'at, a Wu T'ian may suffer a loss of Quest for
acting routinely in ways contrary to what the precepts
dictate. This loss impacts upon the Asian mummy just as a
reduced Balance affects an Amenti adversely (see p. 142).

‘THE TEN HEAVENLY PRECEPTS

Unlike the dictates of Ma'at, which are expressed in terms of
Balance, the precepts need not necessarily be mastered in any
particular order. Some tend to complement certain others, and
Storytellers may decide that individual characters should earn a
given one before another. For instance, an impulsive character
might have to learn Keen tion before mastering Just
Decisions.

Compassionate Dealings: The Wu T'ian has been gathered
from everywhere that the Tao has been known for one purpose: to
protect the Ten Thousand Things in the coming age. While they
|forbalance, the
members of heaven's family must never overlook those who are in
need. Indeed, the masters of this precept seek out those whose need
is greatest and find ways to deliver them from their crises.

Gentle Deeds: Although the Wu Tian must surely do battle
with those beings who threaten the things that the Wu Tian are to
protect, the Wu Tian know that they must not become monsters
themselves. Those who master this precept know that they must
never do unnecessary harm — even to the servants of the demons
—and that they must al { preservation of
all things whenever possible.

Honest Speaking: Lies and deceit are the way of the demons.
Although Yomi has its place in the balance of all things, the family
of heaven must oppose the demon emperor by speaking truth in the
face of lies. Those who have mastered this precept know that truth
must be spoken regardless of the cost.

Humble Mind: Those who follow the Precept of the Humble
Mind show no favoritism to themselves. They know that they exist
toserveuntil the end ofthedemonemperor'sreign,andtheyaskonly
to serve as well as they can. The masters of the Humble Mind act

1
use their resources

ourage growth a


knowing that they have only a small place in the protection of the
world, and they do not expect undue power or praise.

Just Decisions: The coming of the Age of Sorrows and the
protection of the Ten Thousand Things necessitates that decisive

but fir decisions be made. The masters ofthis precept have long

of Osiris' Blessing) is performed in dragon nests eraleng dragon
tracks (see Kindred of the East, p. 22),

THE KNOWLEDGE OF TEN
THOUSAND THINGS: ARTS

ince managed t
showing neither favoritism nor vengefulness.
Keen Observation: The character has achieved a state of
disciplined watchfulness. The character will not act hastily; he will
always observe a situation as fully as possible before taking action.
Many WuTianwhok Uthispreceptspendseveral hours
day simply watching th ld dthem forsignsofthe demon
emperor.

Outer Harmony: The protection of all things requires that
some thingssurvive the Demon Age insafety. Bysafeguardingplaces
of harmony and solace, the immortal ensures that some of the
creation will survive the Age of Somows in relative peace. Those

thisprecept work tirelessly h
otherwise might not survive.

and justl

hil I practice:

The underlying
of Chinese Taoism differ ara, from those of ancient
Egypt. In game terms, the heavenly Arts of the Wu T'ian
function almost identically to the Hekau of the Amenti. The
exception is that Eastern immortals spend more time on the
study of spirits and less on the significance of names. Therefore,
they cannot learn Nomenclature, although the Wu T'ian have
expanded on Necromancy.

The following are the additional Necromancy spells and
rituals known only to the Wu T'ian:

LEVEL ONE

SEE THE LANDS OF THE SPIRIT
Passion for Learning: Knowledge is a Potent weapon anda Type: Spell
i The true sage delights in Dice Pool: P ion +N

source of great
onall thathecan leam abouta subject. Mastersofd this preceptspend
significantamountsoftime in reflection, study andreading, and they
encourage learning as much about an antagonist as one can learn.

Respect for All Life: Those who master thispreceptknow that
might does not always make right, and they realize that the greatest
hopes for survival may come from even the lowest of creatures. The
Wu Tian who follow this precept seek to show respect for life by
nourishing all creatures as much as they can and by doing as little
harm to other creatures as possible. Figures respecting all life
includes respecting one's own, so foll are free to
eat and defend themselves and their charges.

Solitary Heart: The family of heaven must remain detached
from individual ties if they are to be able to serve and protect those
things that can be saved from the demon emperor. While treasuring
friends, family members and lovers, those who have mastered this
precept know that their quests will eventually take them far away
from those they love. Therefore, they do not rely on others for their
direction.

THE WELLSPRING OF
IMMORTALITY: CHI

Just as the Amenti draw on Sekhem, heaven has granted its
family an inner wellspring of Chi. Chi powers the Wu Tian's Arts
as an Egyptian mummy spends Sekhem to power his Hekau. The
WuT ian may also use Chi to heal health levels. Each point that the
mummy spends restores one level lost to bashing or lethal damage.
Additionally, a Wu Tian may use a point of Chi in lieu of a point
of Willpower to gain an automatic success. Only one point of Chi
may be used per turn. The Wu Tian regain Chi just as the Amenti
regain Sekhem, although their Blessing of Heaven (the equivalent

Difficulty: 6
Chi: None

Those who are on their way to enlightenment may begin
to see things that are hidden from normal eyes. The caster may
see into the Yin (Shadowlands) or Yang (underworld) realms
and observe the inhabitants. The caster loses three dice on
Perception rolls within the physical world when he is looking at
one of the other worlds.

THE WAY OF THE CALM SOUL
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Empathy + Necromancy
Difficulty: 5
Chi: None

Through their knowledge of the ways of the spirits that reside
inall things, the Wu Tian may call out to the troubled soul and ease
states of panic or anxiety in one individual. If that individual is a
supernatural creature resisting frenzy or some similar state, this spell

reduces the difficulty to resist by two.
LEVEL TWO

CALL THE SPIRITS
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 7
Chi: 1
The wise immortal knows the spirits of all things. With this
ritual, the caster can summon an element or nature spirit. The
immortal must learn each type of spirit — earth, air, fire, water,

MUMMY: THE RESURRECTION

iA


metal, plant, animal—as aseparate ritual. Otherwise, this ritual
functions the same way as Summon the Dead (p. 117).

KNOW THE WANDERING SOUL
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Divination + Necromancy
Difficulty: 6
Chi: None

Totheer dall th ealih unlike.
However, each thing is separate from even those things most like it.
By understanding gthese distinctions and similariti and with even
the most led ithin all things, the
caster may gain insightin into: evenihe strangest mortals, animalsand
spirits. Bygreeting: i e(such
interaction being part of | he ritual), the caster may ask one simple
question (yes/no, true/ false ora two-word answer) of the Storyteller
about the individual, spirit or creature per success scored. For
information that the character is attempting to hide, the player or
Storyteller may resist the questioner by rolling the subject's Will-
power. A particularly difficult question, especially one to which the
subject does not know the answer, may require a higher difficulty or
the expense of multiple successes. The Storyteller may disallow the
question altogether. The affected character does not sense the
influence of this Art unless the casting character's player botches.

LEVEL THREE

BIND THE DEMON'S SERVANT
Type: Spell
Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 6
Chi: 2

Called to protect the Ten Thousand Things from the reign of
the demons, the caster may use this spell to bind or banish lesser
spirits. In Mummy terms, this spell has the same function as Banish
the Dead and Bind the Dead (see Chapter Four, p. 118, for both).

BRAMBLES ON THE ROAD
Type: Ritual

of the spiri

Dice Pool: Cosmology + Necromancy
Difficulty: 8
Chi: 1

Distinctions are as important as similarities in seeking to
maintain justice, balance and compassion for all things created by
heaven. When heneeds to, the caster may i Shroud
rating by one for each success he rolls, thereby enhancing the
division between the worlds. This effect lasts for the scene.
‘THE CLEARING OF THE WAY
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Cosmology + Necromancy
Difficulty: 7
Chi: |

The reverse of Brambles on the Road, this ritual allows the
caster to focus on the similarities between the worlds and lower the
Sh

diateareat 1 1

hei 1
ingforthe one for the

player rolls. This effect last for the scene.

LEVEL FOUR

PROTECT AGAINST THE DEMON,
Type: Ritual
Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: 6
Chi: 2

Within the dominion of the coming demon emperor, the Wu
Tiian seek to create places of safety that nourish and protect life. By
warding an area with this ritual, the caster may protect an area from
the servitors of one of Yomi's lords, be they lesser demons, mortals
or other supernaturals.

This ritual functions similarly to Sense the Dead (p. 119), with
the following distinction: It works against anyone who serves

conscioush ornot R Ot this

Lud Se it bent on
mayhem to a vampire who spreads pais: is' corruption actively.

category

Furthermore, the caster's power is such that he may deny the
offending creature entry into the protected area. His player rolls
Occult + Necromancy while the target's player rolls Willpower to
resist, each against difficulty 6. If the caster's player gets more
successes, the subject cannot enter the space. The supernatural
blockade plays upon the subject's own weaknesses, so it could have
any effect from causing the subject to lose interest to forcing him to
face a fear so overwhelming that he flees the area immediately. On
invader
may cross the boundary of the protected area without hindrance.
The intruder is oblivious to any mystical influences, but the caster
still senses the incursion,

LEVEL FIVE

WALK THE BARRIERS

Type: Ritual

Dice Pool: Occult + Necromancy
Difficulty: Shroud rating

Chi: 4

The quests of heaven are not easily to fulfill, and the Wu Tian
must sometimes walk between the barriers that separate our reality
from the spirit worlds in order to complete them. By enacting this
ritual, the caster may walk across the barriers that separate these
worlds.

This ritual functions like Separate Ba (p. 120) except that the
caster's physical form transfers across the Shroud as well. The caster
becomesasingle psychic entity when he crosses the Shroud. Thisart
issubject to no time limit; toretum to the living world, the mummy
simply enacts the ritual again.

APPENDIX: OTHER [MMORT, ane


My Liviivd Y VY

NAME: atte Rs AMENTI:
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: HAMARTIA:
i CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: INHERITANCE:
RRR eG ue nT ATTRIBUTES betting ar rata
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength @0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity. @0000 = Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence. @0000
Stamina, @0000 = Appearance. @0000 Wits. @0000
ee ERIE ABILITIES wtreetean titans rants
Vv "ALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, 00000 Animal Ken, 00000 Academics, 00000
| Athletics, 00000 — Crafts. 00000 Bureaucracy. 00000
Awareness. 00000 _ Drive 00000 = Computer. 00000
| Brawl. 00000 _ Etiquette 00000 Cosmology. 00000
| Dodge. 00000 | Firearms _00000 _ Enigmas. 00000
Empathy. 00000 Melee. 00000 Investigation, 00000
Expression. 00000 — Meditation, 00000 — Law. 00000
Intimidation, 00000 Performance 00000 _ Linguistics. 00000
Intuition, QO0000 © Security. 00000 Medicine 00000
Leadership. 00000 _ Stealth 00000 Occult 00000
Streetwise. 00000 © Survival 00000 _ Research, _____00000 ‘
Subterfuge, OO0000 _ Technology. 00000 Science_______———s 9>/C0[000
: ORR ety tg ee SIDROHA DV ANTA GES RRR Apa t Dea ARM anKieh so gs
BACKGROUNDS HEKAU. MERITS/FLAWS
00000 Amulets. 00000
oo000§ § Alchemy___————— 0/0000
OOO00O Celestial 00000
00000 _ Effigy. 00000
00000 Necromancy. 00000
00000 Nomenclature 00000
O0000
OTHER TRAITS BALANCE HEALTH
o00o00 9000000000 | Bruised |
00000 Hurt -l
Injured el QO
00000 WILLPOWER Wounded 2 O
00000 OOOOO000000 Mailed 2 O
co000 QOOOOOOOOO Ciprled 5
00000 Incapacitated
; Broken/Scorched O
00000 SEKHEM Crushed/Burned O
EXPERIENCE 00000000 0 O _ Dismembered/incineraed OO
Pulverized/Cremated oO
|] DOoOoooooo: ,, al


Camels 62
Deintan 6
Enna}

Hist 63
Niwas
Limits 8
Mediation 6
ert
Rues
reer]
These
Test

‘Amerie Deus 181

‘Aner 457
m8
ores

Keri
renee
Mowdie #2
Sahn
ey
Uses

‘he 26 22
Anshrppas28
tere 21
feos 207

hata 207

B

ademas 208
e208
ine Sd 208

tangs 210
take 210
vam 204
sans 204
eatges 24
fetes 28
ond 21
‘Abin 21
Tah
Ambit 18)
Arroa31)
‘Aerhi 8 12191
‘Nelbown 16,208
‘Ab Capen. the 39
‘abe 58 7

tut

Backward 5864
‘rao 4
et
Compan bt
Ke
ep 66
Neen 66

Vowel 7
Fate 181
ten 1

ctor 182
Ince Place 146
Ire Rane 2

Bone mmie 26 19

fete 22

c
cot t17
(Coscoch 217
hater rion 219
Haw 20
nuit
coal eta)
(Carcer Ca cha 6
Chien Apbisee Ae)
Ghitkened Ones?
‘aie 1
Calor Hae 158
peng pit (eat)
‘cnfies 11
{Corps the oe Aes)
Comin 198
Caleta 26

image snd eaieg 16
Dik Kinghen Sindee)
eotheyle 7

Soni?

Danger he 5?

Dyes 6,18

ns

Dons

oa

PUWVOCUT TUT.

Etna 2
er

caper cat 6

F

Rimes
‘Anni 6
Rattle?
Lr React 6

Su Hesine
Sellen 72
Sut Reton 70
Toho Deh 7D

Fatwa S205

fcc 5

G

(re aco cet

H

aie
tnd Arbus 72
Ale 7,81
‘amber 7.99
gy 77.167
‘Nomerctie 7.24

‘Be Diath oh

ie 2628
take 3.26
pers
Howie 217

feng. the 2.82
Jad Oe ee Lise)
Jos a0 25188 182

uae
Keeing the 173
rey

re)
Koonin 38
Kiva
tha

anol ay he 162
Aaa
Maser Metin 14
The Ewer Quer 1
‘Thetity Quer 18
pets.
Alea 62
Memphis sod Sogo 165
‘Abyh166
Unoei6t
Thesinn 68
tea 70
Jere 170
‘The Wes Bk 11
Jean 1
Leen 2
Marc the (5
Take 16
en |
Ten
aie
Kost 9
Lanhofte Deal 28
sed tA 18)
Pll ofthe Wo the 9
hee 18
tein
Lilo thee Shen


pean diene 16
Moai academe) 5
see _
er Sahm
Noble exing = somtan
Onn Cie See Ri
Media? Sithom 246.143

ine eg th Si 44

sea 1,189 sce at

Sites ee Palen fa)
Siabtnhhe GoNawtA)
N ‘Shanwatie
Niwa Bonen? Shomer 29
Necker 178 Tne 8
Ni Sea) ston 0

P

Sure Serer Salta)

orf the wl 2
sorely 14

Fell

R Ed

reaper (ice Athen) pear he?
Reto, the Ge Ament) Teoma

pot "Tom Watcher ce Kher sn)

tion 16 ee

ne 16

telgous ets 16 u

televison 17 Uitasen 48

Work ef Dako 15 Untalgad One ee Sf)
eis 1 Uni the se Aer)
renzt seaberml the (ce Dat)
‘etsting (What Abou My Mummy?) 31
si perrming 78 Vv
ies Vel the 140

2eing BS sie

oo st ine 6 Ww

oor D9 ‘Weather Mache 199
te deh 16 Webot Fath 0

rags and ation 135 WaTian 223

fee 36 sharwtercrotion 224

ening tne mimes 125 Vikas 226

"Ten men cet

ieisisieis)
‘as

