# File: N.W.O..txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

TECHNOCRACY-

%

a Uo Can ah Gea ar f ray
A Sourcebook
for Mage:The Ascension™

TECHNOCRACY:

oe Bh |
We Hold the Keys to the Future

DEATH

alll

LOTHE MAGE

By Brian Campbell


Credits
Written b
Developed by: Phil Brucato

Brian Campbell

Edited by: Laura Letbetter
Art Director:
Layout and Typesetting: Kathleen Ryan. Marauder Girl
has taken over your book, Brian. Malicious giggle.

Richard Thomas

Art: Scott Johnson, Dan Smith, and Joshua Gabriel
Timbrook

Maps: Brian J. Blume
Front Cover Art: Kevin Murphy
Cover Design: Aileen Miles

Printed in Canada

SY pe Sure 100
*780 PARK NORTH BOULEVARD

CLARKSTON, GA 30021

CAME STUDIO

© 1995 by White Wolf. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without written permission of the
publisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose
of reviews. Mage: The Ascension and Technoc-
racy: New World Order are trademarks of White
Wolf Game Studio. All names, titles, characters and
text herein are copyrights of White Wolf unless
otherwise noted.

The mention of or reference to any companies
or products in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned.

Due to mature themesand subject matter, reader

discretion is advised.

Special Thanks To:

Bill "Stomach Pumper" Bridges, for marking terri-
tory from Virginia on down.

Andrew "That's Some Twinkie" Greenberg, for
unveiling all of Steve's Dirty Secrets.

Phil "Big Snip" Brucato, for putting his 15 bucks
where it mattered.

Mike "Drunken Rage" Tinney, for his cross-country
bar bing

Ian "Pressed Faeries" Lemke, for the part of the

book they sanitized for our protection

Jennifer "Rapunzel" Hartshorn, for letting it all
hang out, even when it wasn't hers.

Ken "Driving in the Spikes" Cliffe, for letting
McCubbin and Ellison slug it out among the Infobiacs.

Cynthia "Chattanooga Choo-Choo" Summers, for
ditching the party in favor of a hot LARP (and a hotter
Tremere).

Erin "Happy Little Wolves" Kelly, for headhunting
for the needy. Seriously, nice job!

Laura "Psych 101" Perkinson, for her current field
study of the effects of stress on hypercreative misfits.

And a friendly "Hello" to 252 magazine. Thanks,
guys. We agree

Author's Dedication:

Dedicated to the memory of Phillip K. Dick, a
man who had the vision to show us alternatives to
reality..

And to Number 6, for obvious reasons.

Technocracy: New World Order

Table of Contents

File One: This is Only a Test 4
Chapter One: Inner Illuminations 7
Chapter Two: Ranks and Relationships 23
File Two: Hardware 38

Chapter Three: Procedures, Gadgets and Agents = 4

Chapter Four: The Divisidero Safehouse 6l

Contents

3



File One:
This is Only a
Test

There's a war out there, old friend, a world war,
and it's not about who's got the most bullets; it's
about who controls the information — what we see
and hear, how we work, what we think. It's all about
the information

— Cosmo, Sneakers



| Try to work magic, not havoc

Uncle Bob," La Femme Nikita
To: Roland Cassault, #AT13
From: Gene, #AT-
Re: Quarantine
Okay, Roland, I'm ready

They sealed the doors ten minutes age
The Gengineers gave me a good once-over
and confirmed it: I'm going to have to stay
in isolation for about two weeks. The raid would have
gone perfectly if that thing hadn't bitten me

I really didn't think the Euthanatos mage would have
bodyguards. There were three of them, and they put up a
hell of a fight. We're pretty sure they're lycanthropes, but
apparently their genetic stock derives from rats, not wolves
The doctors stitched up the bite in my shoulder, but they
want to make sure there's nothing contagious in my
system. The medics were scared of something, but they
won't tell me what itis. | haven't seen a human being who
wasn't in a biohazard suit for about two days now. The
whole thing's still giving me nightmares.

I really appreciate you taking the time to tutor me like
this. I've gotten approval from Dan Smith over in Analy
sis. If they do decide to promote me to training, they'll be
ible to test me out of some of the classes.

Let me know when you're ready. I'll be waiting.

To: Gene, #AT422

From: Roland

Re: Square One

The payment schedule just came through, so I can
start the lessons tomorrow

As you may have expected, the Euthanatos was DOA
He screamed the usual stuff about reincarnation and
revenge before he tore open his chest. Some of the
Watchers managed to capture most of his testimony on
video. It's good stuff. Apparently, they're already talking

about doctoring his testimony a bit. Showing a death
cultist committing suicide out of guilt makes for good

propaganda material. They're having a field day

Chapter One: Inner Illuminations


8

The others are in still in custody, and our agent's
being debriefed. I don't think any of them figured out who
our plant was. The Euthanatos was coming under a lot of
suspicion until we showed the rest of the Chantry the
suicide footage. :-)

The Hermes mage is the worst one to deal with. Mr.
Smith is showing his usual sense of humor in the interro-
gation. The wiring in the subject's cortex is altering his
thought and speech patterns. He keeps trying to scream
out spells, and they keep coming out in pig latin! Gee, now
he doesn't have that arrogant sneer anymore...

I've got some bad news, though. Hernando didn't pull
as fighting let o
kind of vulgar fire spell. The effect was shaped like an

through. The anachronism he v

some

elemental, and it tortured Hernando for about two min-
utes as it was killing him. I've heard that fire's one of the

worst ways to go. I hope that Hermes freak suffers after

pulling that on one of ours.

I'llsend you an address today so you candoan FTPon
the history database. I'd like you to access some of Terrance
Whyte's lectures on the history of the Technocracy. His
stuffs a bit biased, but it's a good starting place.

The going-away party they gave me at the University
was really impressive. I've still got sand in my shoes from
dancingon the beach. I'm going to miss my old apartment,
but the room situation's taken care of here. Some people
in Admin are programming my vid-wall with some pic-
tures of the ocean. It's not the same as working on the
beach, but it's quite nice.

Hope you enjoy your stay in the Northern California
Security Collective

To: Gene, #AT422

From: Alexandra Takahashi

Re: Hello from the Depths!

Thope this message gets to you. I sent offsome e-mail and

» #AT333

confirmed things with the ComLog people on your station.

We're about two days beyond the Horizon now, and we're
beaming encrypted transmissions by laser. They've allowed
us some bandwidth for personal correspondence.

I heard you got chewed up a bit on your last raid.
Everything okay?

My mission's got me a bit worried. I'm stuck here with
an amalgam of Void Engineers. The rumors are true: the
Voids are really dull. I'm sick of looking at their damned
orange jumpsuits all the time. Two more weeks until we
get to the Research Collective, and I'm still not sure what
we're going to find

I can't believe that you actually put in for another
tour of duty on the front lines. Are you really still so naive

)

I can't wait until I get back. It sounds like I'm going

at your age? How old are you anyway?

to get some leave to go visit my old home town. Of course,
I won't be allowed to visit any of the people from my
oldlife, but I guess that's just part of the War.

Technocracy: New World Order

And right before I leave for home, I'm going to stop
by and visit you... and pry you away from that computer
.. <wicked grin>

screen... and teach you how to relax
Type at ya later!
Love,
Sandi

To: Sandi

From: Gene

Re: Age

Um... Sandi, about acting my age and being naive...
well, age is kind of different for you than it is for me. Yes,
biologically I'm 21. That's not how old I am, though. I
thought you knew I'm a construct. Chronologically, I'm
about three years old.

I didn't train with the naturals. Most of my training
came from sleepteaching and one of the camps in the
Horizon Realms. I'm not like you. I don't like spending
time outside my job, and I don't know of any life other
than working in the Technocracy.

Does it bother you having an "oldlife?" I can see that

maybe it isn't as efficient. I was gengineered for my car

before I was even born. How do you join the Technoc

if you're not a genetic construct?

Recruitment

To: Roland Cassault

From: Gene

Re: Childhood's End

king with a friend of mine about her life

I was just
before training. Maybe if I'm going to work with the other
Methodologies more after my promotion, I should under-
stand them a little better. My perspective of the whole
thing is a little skewed. The only time I've spent among
naturals has been on patrol. What was your oldlife like?

Oh, I took your advice. They've requisitioned the
sleeping pills for me, so the nightmares have subsided a bit.
Now if I could just get some of that Alliance Vodka.

The Ivory Tower

To: Gene

From: Roland

Re: Recruitment

No life before recruitment, huh? Spoken like a true
Man in BI
[really think Mr. Smith wants to put you ona gray mission
fairly soon. You'd be a fool to turn it down,

ck. Or are you taking that promotion after all?

Pve had this conversation with constructs before. I
don't think about my oldlife much anymore. I'm usually
too busy working to worry about it. Some people have
trouble forgetting, but fortunately we have reprogram-

ming methods to take care of that sort of thing. As far as

the university is concerned, I'm taking some time off from


Recruitment isa little different for Operatives than it

is in the Ivory Tower. Before joining the Union, I spent a
lot of time in training, but I also had a life outside of it
Now that I'm involved with the war effort, I don't have
time for that anymore. There are more important things.
When | was growing up, I always did well in my
classes. Too well, in fact. Periodically, we would have
achievement tests in class. The whole process of testing in
Sleeper society allows educators to measure the progress of
their students. Our Methodology assesses the information
as well, and we can use the data to predict which students
are particularly promising. Some of the brightest arc
isolated in "special programs" where we can keep tabs on
them. | was processed right along with the rest of them

By the time | got to college, I was ready to take on the

curriculum required for my degree in history. It isn't

terribly difficult for the lvory Tower to plant sympathizers
in a university. In fact, university systems are among the
best places for the Technocracy to recruit. After all, we
can falsify computer records, identification, recommen:
dations... just about anything. The sympathizer who
spotted me in UC Berkeley realized I had potential, so by
the time | was ready for graduate school, he was ready to
recruit me

The tricks and techniques | learned in academia
prepared me perfectly for life in the Methodology of the

Ivory Tower. | can work bureaucracy to my advantage,

adjust citations to fit any given thesis, research and inves
tigate any given topic to produce a result I want, ot take a
room full of individuals and lead them to the same conclu
sions. I just happen to be better with the process than
Sleepers are.

So you see, | didn't find the Technocracy. It found
me. My life's highly structured to maximize my contribu
tion to the war effort — but then again, academia's always
structured my life. Academia *is* my whole life

The Watchers
To: Gene

From: Alexandra

Re: Are you insane?

I really don't see how you can watch those entertain
ment files day after day. Maybe I should clue you in on
which ones are propaganda. Well, actually, to some de
gree all of them are... :-)

My parents watched that stuff, too, just like most
Sleepers. | guess you constructs wouldn't know... most
Sleepers watch at least six or seven hours of television a
day. It's part of their daily processing. In fact, a Sleeper will
often volunteer for processing this way. We don't need
"magick" to teach the Masses conformity through televi

sion; they usually do it to themselves.


Processing and Magick

The New World Order rarely uses the word "magick" to describe its activities. Magick is more than a crime — it
is an obscenity. Reworking reality to fit a personal paradigm is an act of defiance against the Collective Will, as well as
ameans of endangering reality itself. Although some of the techniques used by Technocrats are similar to those used by
Tradition mages, Technocrats describe their activities and methods differently, in order to ensure their own form of
ideological correctness.

Coincidental magick is a compromise between the vulgar activities of the Traditionalists and the static reality of
the Masses. Technocrats of the NWO often refer to using coincidental magick as a "process" or "procedure." A process
is a set way of achieving a desired end, whether that process involves mixing a chemical formula, administering a test,
interrogating a prisoner or writing propaganda. Such tasks are similar to rituals or spells used by Traditionalists; however,
there is no supernatural component to a procedure. Magick is capricious, whereas procedure is precise. Magick defies
reality because it is usually the act of one individual redefining reality; procedures, however, reinforce reality through

repetition.

The most important process — and the most difficult one — is the act of subtly altering the opinions or even the
paradigm of an individual mystick mage to conform to the party line of the Technoeracy. When a mage has been
Processed, with a capital "P," his paradigm no longer defies the Collective Will.

Processing reality is still risky. The more experimental or advanced a procedure gets, the more likely the chance of
failure, Working on procedures far ahead of their time can be seen more as "pushing the envelope" than as "defying
reality." When a procedure fails, Paradox is still Paradox, Computers crash, electrical systems surge, Sleepers become
wary and communications break down. Paradox happens.

The term "Sphere" was first used by the Council of Nine as a way of coping with the philosophies of the Order of
Reason. A Technocrat is said to have "influence" over, or is "influenced" by, different areas of reality. A Gray Suit
interrogator, for instance, might be a master of influencing the Mind. For Traditionalists, the capacity to do this relies
onan "Awakened Avatar." For Technocrats, true knowledge comes from Enlightenment. (Both share an Awakened
state; the Technomancer just chooses not to believe in it.)

Because of this belief, and the subtle nature of the NWO in general, members of this Convention rarely whip off
flashy vulgar Effects, even when alone. Only the most desperate circumstances warrant quick and dirty magick; most
procedures take considerable amounts of time to perform. Such Effects, however, usually have coincidence on their side.

The term "vulgar" is still used to describe "dynamic" magick, usually asa colloquialism. The New World Order tends
to find dynamic magick more offensive than the other Conventions do. Other Conventions tend to use "vulgar
procedures" more than the New World Order. A HIT Mark, for instance, is very vulgar when he raises a chain gun out
of his back and opens fire. For members of Iteration X, this ishardly considered offensive. Toa Man in Black, it'sextreme.
Any good Black Suit knows that the threat of reprisal can be far more effective than actual mayhem. Vulgar solutions
should be left to the cyborgs.

Vulgar magick used by Traditionalists is considered criminal. The act of casting vulgar magick undera Traditionalist
paradigm is considered a crime against Reality. As one would expect, Mind influence allows a Technocrat to Process a
criminal for his vulgar actions.

The difference between traditional magick and Technocratic procedures is more than just semantic. After all,
language is a science as well, and the act of reworking language to reshape the world view of the people who use it is yet
another example of Technocratic procedure...

My parents followed the usual routine:

work, sit down on the es

baie faeces oe and watch whatever the
sta Puts on the air. I reall i

atr. I really don't think

ny

Parents could rela ythin,
€ to anythir
ine g they didn't see on a 25.

ayear?I grew up
stew up on asteady diet of science fiction instead

and I develope
cloped a particular attraction to books on thy
m

supernatural.

By the time I was in
eosie was in college, | realized how much

hen your parents fall into thes ‘atloeae

‘ame boring routines

every day, it's e: /
k. When I was young,

asy to become a fre
Iw

1 that watching te
wanting to spend time re.
you know that only ten pe

‘as am,

evision was "normal" and
‘ading books was "strange." Did
teent of all adults read one book

10 Technocracy: New World Order

are shaped by TV. The news
are important, the
are worthwhile, and
how to live their lives. It's like
to pl.

defines what issues

which movies bs olin
sitcoms show people

et the Masses
ay the different roles of society: roles
y r

of race, roles of class and soon, All

are taught how
of gender, roles
around me I saw people


buying into those ideas. The worst part is, most of that type
of processing doesn't result from the Technocracy. Most
people just choose to be sheep

That's why I picked up a camera. Given a choice

between controlling others and being controlled, well,
the choice was obvious. | think a lot of people who pick up
cameras have that basic idea: "I'm not going to be like
everyone else. I'm not going to do work that's like what
everyone else is doing." Any new filmmaker thinks he's
going to beat the system

Whether my weapon was a vid-cam or photography,
I was trying to be "experimental," "avant garde" — that
sort of thing. "Kirlian" photography was one of the media
I worked with. The guy who invented it thought he could

use it to capture pictures of the "auras" of the people he

photographed. My films usually wound up looking like

bad experimental photography. I kinda had the sinking

feeling that bad photog

aphy wasn't going to make for a
good career, so I drifted into journalism.

And then there was my interest in the supernatural
Itgot worse. | wanted to prove something to the world, to
show them that something really was out there

I found it

My first photojournalism class was deadly boring. 1
turned in all my regular assignments like a good little
reporter, but I was really just waiting for the right story to

come along. Not far from the university, up in the hills

outside Santa Cruz, there was an area that was gettinga lot
of attention in the underground papers. A few people had

reported "sightings" of things up there. Of course, since it
wasn't in the mainstream media, people didn't believe it
I was hunting around up there for a story when I had

my first sighting. Maybe the Technocracy wanted me to

see it. Who knows? Maybe it wasn't just coincidence that
had set up my Kirlian lenses in just the right way to catch
that Void Engineer spacecraft making a covert landing. It
doesn't matter. I found them. And they found me

My particular talents and my instincts for finding super
natural activity made mea prime candidate for the Watchers
Methodology. They revealed information to me I never

would have discovered in college. My parents thought |

dropped out of school to go freelance. My superiors thought
I was too independent to work on the front lines and too
valuable to let go. I think I made a damned fine career move

Now I'm assigned to an amalgam of Void Engineers
working beyond the Horizon. While you're busy tracking
down Chantries and Processing criminals, I'm fighting on
the other front. The Voids need assistance with surveil
lance, and our superiors in the New World Order need
someone to act as a liaison between the Conventions, so
here I am. For the next two weeks, we're going to be
headed to a Research Collective beyond the Horizon

I guess you and I will have a chance to talk — online,
anyway

Sandi


The Operatives

To: Roland

From: Gene

Re: Training

1 was going to send this to a friend of mine off-base,
but I'm not sure if it's too sensitive. Tell me what you
think. I'd rather not send it by Mr. Smith

Sandi,

There is a concept similar to "oldlife" among con-

structs. Before "I" became "myself," "I" was part of "we."
When Operative constructs are trained, there is no "I"
only "we."

"We" were Black Suit Unit AT#4, gengineered at a
Research Collective called EcoR. Our birthplace was in
the Horizon over the coastof West Virginia. The Gengineer
on duty, a Research Director named Stephen Thundran,
T421 was
AT423
Hernando." We wouldn't find out our "names"
until later. #AT421 through #474223 were still #AT4,

Sleepteaching was the earliest part of our training.

decided to amuse himself by giving us names. #/
called "Franklin"; #AT422 was called "Gene";

was calle

We were conditioned and processed to work as a unit

Different parts of us had different specializations
received additional training in communication skills so
that we could document the actions of our amalgam.
Basic movement was the next task — something most
of the naturals take for granted. In our case, we had to

cally, we were eighteen years old, chronologically, we

rn to walk before we could crawl. Even though biologi-

were only a few weeks old. Machines helped us learn basic
motorskills. When we fell, the machines would help us up.
That's when we first learned to trust the machines.

The twenty members of our unit were then sent toa
Horizon Realm for military training. Under the stress of
training, some of us had an easier time than others. Those
among us who were Enlightened found new ways to cope
with the rigors of training. Some could influence Life to
heal, some were influenced by Prime to sense some of the
tricks used against us, and so on. Together, we combined
our talents to survive

It was evident, however, that notall of us were Enlight-
ened enough to reshape reality. We have since found out that
not all of us do. Some agents are Enlightened, and some are
just highly educated Sleepers. We never found out which
among us were the constructs and which were the naturals
until the last week of training in the Realm.

The last part of our training concerned equipment.
Once we found out the specialties of the different compo-
nents of our unit, we were assigned equipment to assist
with the enhancement of our abilities.

Military training lasted for about six months. After
that came spy school. Apparently, many of the techniques
of teaching espionage weren't perfected until the Second
World War. By the end of the century, though, the

instruction had been perfected to a science. We have the
Tower to thank for that. Everyone received the basics
shadowing, interrogation, and so on. We also divided the
advanced training between us to learn faster. #AT422
learned assassination techniques

After graduation, we were assigned to field work.
Unit #AT4 spent a year on the front lines as an amalgam
of Men in Black. A great deal of the work is mainly
concerned with having a presence in the field. The Ana-
lysts want to have a team near any given danger spot at all
times. Special operations rarely involves the same kind of
work twice. We've handled just about everything from
abductions to cryptozoology

Most Men in Black don't make it though their first
year or two. Many eventually learn what it is to have an
identity separate from the unit. Not all of them do.

The raid last week was pretty much the high point of my
career. "I" had been "I" for a while, but "I" couldn't become
fully "me" until then. That's why they're talking about
promoting me froma Man in Black to one of the Gray Men.

I don't know, though. | like working with the amal-
gam too much. I think I'd rather make the move to Unit
Leader than do something like infiltration work.

...what do you think, Roland? I don't know how
much we're supposed to say about our training

Oh, BTW, I've found another FTP site in the Con-
struct database. They've got twenty episodes of an early

television show called "Dragnet." Great stuff

Security: Who's
Watching You?

From: Gene

To: Sandi

Re: Chemicals

Sandi, I'm not sure | should be talking to you about
this, but I'm starting to get really worried. I keep waiting
for signs of the disease to show, but | don't feel any
different. No one's come in to check on me. Maybe the
signs of this disease aren't going to show atall. I kind of feel
like I've been put on the shelf. Maybe there's some other
reason they've put me in here

While we're on the subject, why are they promoting
me? I've already said that I don't want it. I'm happy with
my job as it is.

Something's not making sense. I'll be honest. I'm
getting a little scared. I know, I know, I should be *think-
ing* instead of *feeling*, but my instincts are telling me
something strange is going on.

To: Gene

From: Sandi

Re: In the Dark

I know the feeling, Gene. The briefing tapes they're
showing usscare the hell out of me. We think that most of the
people in that D.U. Collective are dead. Something just
came out of the Great Deep and got them. No transmissions


LY See

have come out of there fora while. The surveillance cameras
got one shot ofa technician sitting at his desk with two-foot-
long scratch marks through his chest

And here | am, armed with just a vid-cam. Ah, well
Apparently, I'm better with that than with a pulse-laser

Hangin there. I'll be here for you if you'll be there for me.

From: Watcher #AT776

To: Daniel Smith

Re: Loyalty, #AT422

Confirmation Code: XXXXXX

Subject #AT422, "Gene," responding to social depri-
vation within predicted parameters. Has begun to confide
in Watcher #AT333, "Alexandra Takahashi." May pose
potential security leak. Please advise

To: Watcher #AT776

From: #AT335, Asst. to Analyst Smith

Re: Directive, #AT422 Confirmation Code:

Instruct "Roland Cassault" to caution #AT422 against
disclosure. Reveal surveillance as keyword search — do
not, repeat, do not compromise the integrity of the sur
veillance. Contact between #AT422 and "Cassault" must
continue

Increase concentration of gaseous structure 224-62
8819 in quarantine chamber. Gradually shift color
temperature of ambient lighting to 6500 degrees Kelvin to
improve morale.

To: Watcher #AT976

From: #AT336, Asst. to Analyst Smith

Re: Loyalty, #AT422

Confirmation Code: XXXXXX

Option: If contact between "Takahashi" and "Gene,"
#AT422 must be severed to preserve security of information,
replace "Takahashi" with Operative #AT992. Falsify com
munications to further test loyalty of #AT422. Subject
showing emotional attachment, possible willingness to jeop-
ardize career or security to pursue "Takahashi." Advise
warning against "Takahashi." Further deny opportunity to
work on front lines, and decrease contact with oldlife

To: Shroedinger Team

From: Dan Smith

Re: Gene

Confirm: > <X

Counter-confirm: XXXXXX

Don't sever contact

Disregard advice from #AT336

To: Gene

From: Roland

Re: Suspicion

If she wants to know that much about your past, I'd say
follow procedure and send her a red-clearance bio file:
There's some standard material on the training of constructs.
Beyond that, it's ratherssilly to treat your processingas oldlife.

Oh, BTW, I had a nice chat with your Order of
Hermes friend. His Social Conditioning is coming along

nicely. He's managed to help us pick up the druggie who

es to the Chantry

was delivering
Mr. Smith has
ries. The plan isto have him think that he's been confiding

ested planting some new memo-

in a Gray Man about problems in his Chantry. More
specifically, he'll come to believe a Gray Man was going to
help him solve his problems with the freak Euthanatos,
the one conspiring with those rat creatures. In order to
make it look like the Hermes mage sold out the rest of the
cabal, we'll need an infiltrator to assume a role for us.

Yourname has come up. This is it, Gene —gray work
You've "made the grayed," as they say. :-) I really think
you'd be foolish to turn it down,

Ifyour morale is droppinga bit, you should read through the
filedated2-23-

operations John Cour

Nepalese Chantry Raid." Ir'soneof the classic

> pulled off before he defected. That is,
the first time he defected. :-) I'll send it to you with your file on
Victorian History. Pay close attention to the way the historian
cites conspiracy theories regarding Queen Victoria to disprove

the absolute interpretation his rival advocates,

Relative History
He accepted everything. The past was alterable. The past
had never been altered. Oceania was at war with Eastasia
and Rutherford were guilty of the crimes they were charged
with. He had never seen the photograph that disproved their
ries, products of self-deception. How easy it all was.
1984
He who controls the present controls the past, but he who
controls the past controls the future
(Ibid.)
<enter chat mode>
Gene: ...but that article on Queen Victoria shouldn't
Roland: Disloyal? How?
Gene: It casts doubt on the party line
Roland: The party can establish one ideology, but it
can't set one standard of history
Gene: Why not? It should fit with the rallying cry of
the New World Order: "One World, One Truth, One

Reality." That's what Ascension is, isn't it? Bringing all of

humanity to one Reality
Roland: Not everyone in the NWO agrees with that
ninly debate that point pretty fiercely in the

We

Collegium of History. There are different ways to look at

history. You can try to represent it in absolute terms, partly
by accrediting events to specific people or places; you can
indulge in conspiracy theories to speculate about what
really happened, or you can see it all as relative.

‘.

NS,

ee

ees

;
4
?


Gene: But which one is right?

Roland: Well, since you're preparing for an exam, it
depends on who your teacher is, actually. "Truth" is what
helps you pass the exam. It's what the instructor says is
correct. More precisely, we use the examples of the past to
justify the actions of the present.

Gene: That's absurd.

Roland: That's the Ivory Tower. :-) I'll give you an
example. How did the New World Order begin?

Gene: Well, the article you sentme begins by attributing
it to Queen Victoria, citing the writings of Terrance Whyte,
but later in the article, Professor Richardson traces the New
World Order to a group of knights in the twelfth century.

Roland: Right. My point exactly. The absolute version
is to look at the person "in charge" of a movement and say,
"There. Right there. She did it." Some of the really die-hard
Servants of the Tower will say, "Obviously, Queen Victoria
must have been Enlightened. No Sleeper could have been
responsible." That's the sloppy version of history.

Gene: Okay, so if the instructor wants a definite name
and place, the answer is "Queen Victoria was the first to
implement a true World Order. By sending British ideals of
nobility and honor throughout the world, she led the country
of England to a position of world supremacy, enforcing the
belief that the world should consist of one Empire."

WvVVVvv

From the Notes of Terrance Whyte

Collegium of History

Re: The Origin of the New World Order

The New World Order did not exist prior to the nineteenth
century. The Order of Reason was not the New World Order,
for the Order of Reason consisted of philosophical and political
movements rather than spiritual ones. Our Order came out of
the Queen's "Grand Housecleaning," the reorganization of
the Technocracy in the 1890s, as a result of the efforts of
dedicated men such as Inspector Rathbone. The attempts of
charlatans such as Professor Richardson who try to establish a

quasi-religious lineage for our Order leading back to the Mythic

Age are a menace. Such pernicious deviants indulge in spiritu-
alist fantasies that are no better than the anachronistic lies we
are trying to eradicate

WV

Roland: Right. But you can also ask the question,
"How did Queen Victoria get there?"

Gene: According to Professor Richardson, her posi-
tion on the throne was the result of a centuries-old
conspiracy beginning in the twelfth century. A group of
twelve knights — called the Knights Templar — decided
that they would make the roads to the Holy Lands safe.
They protected travelers, but covertly. They saw the
threat to the pilgrims as both physical and spiritual, and
knew about the existence of hidden forces. At least, that's
what Professor Richardson says.


Roland: What do you think?

Gene: | think I'm glad I'm a Man in Black and not a
Collegium professor...

WaVvvvv

From the Notes of Terrance Whyte

Collegium of History

Re: The Cabal of Pure Thought

One of the greatest struggles of the Mythic Age involved
two secret societies who sought to guide the events of the
thirteenth century. As the covenants began to fall, two world
views collided. The Cabal of Pure Thought, one of the great
powers secretly behind the Inquisition, sought to promote
"faith" as the salvation of the world. They saw in the Church
away to unite the Masses and replace the misguided supersti-
tions of the magi. Opposing them was the Order of Reason, a
society seeking to unite several factions of the time, including
the Knights Templar (who belonged to the Cabal of Pure
Thought) and the Craftmasons (who later united various
Technocratic factions from across the world at the Convention
of the White Tower in 1325, "officially" founding our Union).

Oddly enough, some noted conspiracy theorists within the
Tower continue to argue that some of these societies still exist
in their original form. Despite a lack of evidence, they argue
that groups such as the Templars and Inquisition continue to
fight to this day. Although many of the ideals of the Templars
were integrated into the Order of Reason, the knights were
destroyed in the early fourteenth century

There are conflicts today that resemble earlier ones —
such as hostility between the Celestial Chorus and the Men in
Black — but the idea that the Templars or Inquisition could
have persisted to this day is ludicrous in the extreme

Wav

Just as Iteration X has found a spiritual center in the
lessons of Autochthonia, so are a growing number of warriors
of the New World Order learning the ideals of the True
Knights. The Enlightenment we seek is of a spiritual nature.
We advocate nothing less than the perfection of all mankind.
Many religious groups of the last millennia have sensed the
echoes of our true goal. The seeking of the Cosmic Christ, the
attainment of Agartha, the goal of becoming More than
Human... all are but faint imitations of our ultimate pursuit:
the attainment of Enlightenment for all mankind

The Order of the Rosy Cross, the Priewre de Scion, the
Bavarian Illuminati, the Knights Templar — let us recognize
these societies for what they truly are. They are sympathetic to
our ideals. Just as they are united throughout history by a single
unbroken chain of events, so do they advocate the bringing of
Light to the World. The single, brilliant light is the Light of
Reason, the triumph of the mind. Is this not the true meaning
of Ascension? Our true purpose is this: to bring Enlightenment
to all mankind. When the war has been won, all of mankind
will Ascend.

— Donald Richardson

Wvvvvvv

From the Notes of Terrance Whyte

Collegium of History

Re: Ascension and the Supernatural

One can be said to be Enlightened when one realizes the
ways in which the Collective Will can change the course of
history. Beyond that, there is no supernatural belief within the
New World Order. Nor do we strive to bring Enlightenment
to the Masses. Only the Enlightened can protect the Masses.
Only the best and brightest can lead. The rest enjoy the benefits
of our struggle to provide for the betterment of All. To suggest
that we must bring our knowledge to all is subversion; to
entertain the delusions of such deviants in our midst is societal
suicide

— Terrance Whyte

Wav

Roland: Under the conspiratorial version of history
that Richardson advances, how did the Templars help
form the Order of Reason?

Gene: Their knowledge of the supernatural was kept
secret so that the Masses wouldn't panic. Richardson
believes that those twelve knights, in turn, recruited their
ssors, and their circle of influence spread until they

finally controlled many of the crowned heads of Europe.
Professor Richardson tries to establish a connection be-
tween the Templars and the rulers of the nineteenth
century, but he really seems to be speculating. There are
gaps in his reasoning.
VW

In the centuries that followed, the Merovingians — aided,
protected, or perhaps even directed by the Prieure de Scion —
made repeated attempts to regain their heritage... One was the
creation of a psychological atmosphere, a clandestine tradition
intended to erode the spiritual hegemony of Rome —a tradition
that found expression in Hermetic and esoteric thought, in the
Rosicrucian manifestoes and similar writings, in certain rites of
A second program entailed political machina-
tion, intrigue, and, if feasible, an overt seizure of power...

Freemason:

A contingent of Templars had allegedly fought on
Robert Bruce's side at the Battle of Bannockburn. Because the
papal bull dissolving the Templars was never promulgated in
Scotland, the order was never officially suppressed there. And
we ourselves had located what seemed to be a Templar grave-
yard in Argyllshire. The earliest of the stones in the graveyard
dated from the thirteenth century, the later ones from the
eighteenth... The later stones combined these symbols with
specifically Masonic motifs, attesting thereby to some sort of
fusion. It was thus not impossible... that the order did indeed
perpetuate itself... gradually secularizing itself and becoming
associated with both Masonic guilds and the prevailing clan
system.

— Michael Baigent, Holy Blood, Holy Grail
WiVvvvv

Chapter One: Inner Illuminations 17


Roland: The conspiratorial view of history is based on
the idea that you can never really know everything. Well,
at least not until you have surveillance on everyone. :-)

Terrance Whyte's opinions show the first view of
history. There's one party line — don't stray from it.
Whyte is takenas the "official" view of history. Then there
are mavericks like Richardson who use the "conspirato-
rial" view of history. They can't prove everything they say,
but they know enough about conspiracy to still be useful.

Gene: So in other words, even we don't know where
we really started?

Roland: That would be telling. :-) The third way to
answer the question "Where did the New World Order
begin?" ive. That's my
opinion. Consider which point of view you should use to
answer the question. For instance, suppose I answered the
question with a question: "What does the New World
Order do?" From your point of view, of course

is to argue that history is rele

Gene: The purpose of the New World Order is to seek

out the supernatural world and contain or destroy it.
Roland: Okay, the Man in Bk

me a documented case of someone doing that in history?

k response. Can yougive

Gene: Well, Richardson doesn't really prove that the
Templars knew about actus
cific mention of societies of vampires or types of werewolves.

hidden forces. There's no spe-

But we all learn early on about Detectives St. Crispin and
Inspector Rathbone working with Scotland Yard. St. Crispin
and a group of detectives found a neighborhood in
Whitechapel that was underattack from unseen forces. They
used the information in the files of Scotland Yard to find the
ed the

two families who were raising the spirits that a

neighborhood. They also used vulgar procedures to de:
them. Off-hand, that's the first historical event I can think of
to describe the beginnings of the Men in Black.

Roland: Or, if you defined the purpose of the Men in
Black as soldiers in the Ascension War?

Gen
destruction of Mistridge in the
WaVvvvv

From the Notes of Terrance Whyte

Collegium of History

Re: The Order of Reason

On March 25, 1325, some time after the destruction of
Mistridge, the first Symposium was conducted in a white tower in
southem France. The tower itself has long since been destroyed,
but the plans made at the Convention of the White Tower were to
last for over half a millennium. With the assistance of Enlightened
warriors and mages, the conspirators of the Order of Reason began
their plans for the salvation of mankind.

There is, however, no evidence that the original members of
the Order of Reason performed "magick." We can only prove that
they were masters of politics and diplomacy. Later, their secret
society worked with such noted Enlightened as the Parminideans,

roy

: Oh, yeah. I'd cite their involvement in the
rly thirteenth century.

Gutenberg, Copieniicus, DaVinci, Newton, Weisshampe, Jefferson
aa: Bek —, Het thaN nner Cacle of tha Order vencanéd
intel ca (iA ial SNES

WV

RaaEaaNORar say ouwereurnng the
viewpoint of the Methodology of the Watchers.

Gene: The origins of the New World Order would be
int the bestnintiigs Gt technological cominunteationsll'd
las chs Havenitian Gt the telegeachiorthierelephone,

Roland: ...and some smart-ass Virtual Adept would try
tejtakercredit Roc tt: The:sloppy:vestioniof history, would
involve-saying "Ale
phones, Perhaps hie
intial Adepe "Tete ally very hard —'as well aa somewhat

xander Graham Bell invented the tele-

as an unAwakened Son of Ether or

ludicrous — to prove thar historical figures were Awakened

Traditionalists or Enlightened Technomancers.
Wav

Richardson is a. pompous fool) a pseudé-hiatorian who

concerns himself more with the rambling arabesques of his

own delusions than with any actual revelations of truth,

—Terrance Whyte, Ivory Tower

Shall I define the word ‘dictatorial' for you? The Nazis were
but errant children compared to madmen like Terrance Whyte.
Merely summon an image of his visage and you will understand the
face of oppression: atyrannical fool who cries for ‘documentation!'
whenever anyone contradicts his sacred dogma. His purpose is
clear. The Ascension Waris not aconflict between Traditionalists
and Technomancers. Itis, to Whyte, a vehicle for the triumph of
his ego and of his version of history over all others

—Prof. Donald Richardson, Ivory Tower

Wav

Roland: Relative history can also be a way to advance

a particular philosophy or set of beliefs. Whenever you
defy the opinions of the mainstream, however, you run the
risk of censure...

WV

From the Notes of Prof. Yukio Ishida

Collegium of History

Re: The Legalist Empire

...at this point, I would like to address another disturbing
trend within the Collegium of History, the attempt to marginalize
the contributions of non-European cultures to the structure of the
Technocracy. For instance, the current proliferation of ‘Order of
Reason' articles within current journals denies an early origin of
our Union. The fanciful tales about the Technocracy's medieval
European origins distract us from the true birthplace of our Union.
Longbefore the fantasies of the Knights Templar and the conspira-
cies of the Order of Reason, the Mythic Age of China evolved a
distinct technological paradigm of its own...

By the fifth centw
scending into decadence and disrepair, China had formed the
most advanced civilization in the world. This was largely due
to the development of a government based on an extensive

while the Roman Empire was de-


bureaucracy. The Legalists, as they were called, put the affairs
of the state in order by dividing responsibilities among hundreds
of bureaucrats. Although these servants technically advised the
Emperor, they had the authority to monitor political matters on
their own.

The system of promotion within the Legalist bureaucracy
depended on a rigorous series of examinations. Most of these
dealt with matters of history and philosophy, such as the
teachings of Confucius.

Today, we still follow this example. Within the Conven-
tion of Iteration X, for instance, Ciphers leam the principles of
mfucius and Lao Tzu...
VWvVvvvv

Technocracy by studying

Professor Ishida? She shouldn't be considered a Servant of
the Ivory Tower at all! She's more a collaborator with her
Statistician cronies in Iteration X than a true Servant of the
Collegiums!

—Prof. Donald Richardson

Don't quote me on this, but the Collegium of History is the
most useless component of the Ivory Tower. These policies of
‘academic freedom' and ‘philosophical discourse' are really a
way to shelter traitors. Deviants like Ishida waste our time with
lies to distract us from the important task at hand: the War on
Reality Deviance.

—#AT335, Assistant to Daniel Smith

WV

Magick, Paradigm
& the Technocracy

1 like the pretty lies
—Myria, The Crow
Roland: Let's muddy the waters a little further. How

would you define "invention?"
Gen
‘on, and watches it work. There's a procedure and a result.

guess someone puts a machine together, turns it

Roland: Where does the idea come from?
Gene: From the person who puts it together.

Roland: Really?I'd say no. Consider this: mostadvances

in technology can't be achieved until the idea is a possibility.
Reality is limited by what's possible and impossible.

Gene: Oh, great. Metaphysics. Whatdo think lam, amage?

Roland: You're training for a promotion. You'll want
to show off. Consider: reality has certain limits. Those
limits are the parameters of what is possible and impos-
sible. When someone uses magick toattempt the impossible
and succeeds, he distorts reality. The limits of the consen-
sual reality paradigm weaken. When a Technomancer
an apparatus in a way that has never been attempted
before, reality shifts. In a way, that is the invention, not

ust

the device. Alexander Graham Bell wouldn't have been
able to invent the telephone if a Technomancer hadn't
made it work first. Same thing with television.

Gene: So television was invented by the Technocracy?

Roland: Yes and no. Technomancers made it possible; a
Sleeper put the parts together and introduced it to the Masses,
Sometimeswe'll work tomakesurethe invention isn'treadyuntil
the time is right. Sometimes the invention is released acciden-
tally and has to be suppressed. Usually, the idea isn't available to
the Masses until it's approved by the Ivory Tower.

Gene: So reality depends on your point of view, and our

point of view fits within the party line of the Technocracy.

Roland: Yes. Fora Traditionalist, magick depends on
a personal paradigm. That act of deviance works against
the wishes of the Collective Will of the Technocracy and
humanity. For a Technomancer, approved procedures
depend on your Methodology.

Gene: Just like interpreting history. In the Ivory
Tower, events depend on the interpreter.

Roland: Or events depend on the person who predicts
them. Remember, some of the Enlightened have influence
over Time. That's another factor. Suppose a Technomancer
—a Statistician of Iteration X ora futurist in the lvory Tower
— uses his influence over Time to predict whether a particu-
lar device will be invented. The predictor estimates the year
that thedevice will beunveiled. Atthattime,aTechnomancer
visualizes the effect of the invention and makes the proce-
dure work for the first time. Later, a Sleeper makes it work the

ame way... by "accident.

Gene: So history is predetermined?

Roland: Professor Richardson, in his own inimitable
way, has theorized the idea of a Templar "Grand Plan" from
the thirteenth century. Suppose that's true. Suppose the
Templars predicted t
end of the millennium?

they would control the world by the

Gene: | see what you mean.

Goal: What is
"Ascension?"

Look around this world we've made;

Equality, our stock in trade

Come and join the Brotherhood of Man

O, what a nice contented world.

— Rush, "2112 — The Temples of Syrinx"

Gene: But eventually, the Ivory Tower will come to
consensus. Regardless of personal squabbles in the Collegiums
and Symposiums, we still have one party line: "One World,
One Truth, One Reality." Amalgams of Men in Black are
taught that the only version of Reality is the Technocracy's

vision of Reality. If enough people believe that one interpre-
tation, then that is an objective statement of reality.
Roland: Even if that's an interpretation of history?
That sounds too much like trying to change the past. One
of the absolutes of influencing time— even among Tradi-

tion mages— is that you can't influence the past.

nner Illuminations 19


Gene: Really? Maybe that's the difference between
your Methodology and mine. I'm not in the Ivory Tower.
I'm an Operative. We see things a little differently. If all
the evidence I've gathered from espionage and all the
footage I've compiled by surveillance reveals that subject
A betrayed and killed subject B, and there's no evidence
to the contrary, then that's the truth.

Roland: That's absurd.

Gene: That's the Men in Black.
points to one interpretation of events, and the Collective
Willdefines reality, then that interpretation is the truth. The
only reason we let those Virtual Adept bastards go as far as

) If all the evidence

they did before they defected was that we essentially agreed
with them that reality was composed of information. Tacti-
cal error on our part, I guess. We won't make it again.

Roland: Well, my philosophy of history is different.
Reality is subjective; any statement of history is relative.

Gene: I thought we were supposed to be discussing history,
not philosophy. Besides, Ascension is the achievement of one
Reality. The winners write history, right? That means what is
really at stake is deciding who writes all of history.

Roland: See, to me, Ascension is more than just
"winning." One vision of reality, one standard of reality,
will triumph overall others. It's not enough that all reality
will become static and unalterable. We have to make sure
the right set of ideas win out.

Then again, that's my belief: that history is relative, and
that you use it to support a specific thesis or course of action.
The end result is Ascension. Terrance Whyte would argue
that Ascension is the attainment of astatic reality, one where
the Technocracy could not be deposed by the introduction
of another paradigm. Donald Richardson would see Ascen-
sion asa spiritual process, one culminating in all of humanity
having the same beliefs and the same attainment of Enlight-
enment. Which would you favor?

Gene: Are you trying to test my knowledge of history
or my loyalty?

Roland: :-) Same thing.

WvvvvvV

Gender Roles
and the NWO

Men of Sense in all Ages abhor those customs which treat
us only as the vassals of your Sex

— Abigail Adams, to her husband John

From the Notes of Terrance Whyte

Collegium of History

Re: Gender in the New World Order

Within the communiqués we've intercepted from the

Tradition mages, we've seen a fair amount of debate over the
names of their so-called "Traditions." One such debate in-

Ether" and "Akashic Brotherhood."

volves the names "Sons of

20 New World Order

within the Collegiums of our Union, debate
Men in Black" has been quite limited. The
practice of assigning tasks to genetic constructs based on their
gender has continued to work admirably. Admittedly, some
amalgams have been quite successful after integrating the
controversial female Black Suits. However, as Professor Ishida
has recently noted, 94% of Men in Black constructs are male

over the name

This can be attributed chiefly to the high percentage of
male constructs in Black Suit amalgams. Only 4% of MiB
constructs are female. The efficacy of asexual constructs still
remains to be seen

This is in sharp contrast to the ratio of male to female
constructs in other Methodologies. There is an even ratio of
male to female naturals working as Servants of the Ivory
Tower. Among constructs, however, the ratio is different
Ishida cites the high number of female constructs performing
menial work in the Ivory Tower

From the Notes of Yukio Ishida

Collegium of History
the New World Order

. clearly Professor Whyte has a rather distorted view of

the role of gender in history. Perhaps he prefers to entertain the
idea of genetically-engineered secretaries and typists to serve

Re: Gender

him. But how long can we continue to tolerate the idea of our
Union being primarily a patriarchal institution?

In actuality, the high percentage of female constructs in the
Ivory Tower can be attributed to other reasons. Historically, the
role of women has been to "run the house." This includes
administrative duties as well. The practice of shutting women out
of the labor pool (chiefly as a means of encouraging "ladylike"
behavior) is a fairly recent trait of an aristocratic minority...

From the Notes of Terrance Whyte

Collegium of History
the New World Order

.and history has shown us that civilization succeeds best

Re: Gender

when roles of gender are clearly defined. (The recent article
"Queen Victoria and the New World Order" in Administra-
tive Journal #32 actually works to demonstrate this point.)

Ishida's theories about introducing more male constructs
into secretarial amalgams are still available in that issue as well.
No doubt her innovative ideas will continue to increase the
production of our Union. Now that she has been reassigned to
compile sociological statistics in MECHA, we anxiously await
the results of her latest study

To: Daniel Smith
From: AT#944
Re: Directive, #AT422

Subject needs motivation for a

pting promotion.
Please advise.

To: Shroedinger Team

From: Daniel Smith

Re: Operation Shroedinger

Subject appears to have personal attachment to
Taka Establish dar
to Takahashi. #AT422 almost ready for operation. En
Takahashi

hi. Encourage further contact

courage contact with Mission following

standard procedure
VvVvvvV
To: Sandi
From: Gene
The exams are going extremely well. The most chal
lenging part seems to be guessing which party line to take.
), bucifl wind

Ofcourse, there's really only one party line

a reviewer like Ishida, I'd be in deep trouble
(Then
again, I think some of the people in the Collegium of

up gettir

I've been hearing strange rumors about Ishida

History have been intentionally starting rumors about

Ishida...)

I've got some bad news. The contamination is start

ing to show. They've assured me that the medication will
take care of it, but that thing that slashed at my chest
managed to get something into my bloodstream. I haven't
seen another human since they sealed the doors.
If] was doing better, and if there was a way | could be
there with you, I would. I've still got a few days to go
To: Roland

From: Gene

Re: Acing my Exams

The last exam was no problem. Aced it, easy. I think
the extra sleep is helping. In fact, my sleeping habits are

changing a bit. Sorry about not logging on before noon.

I had a dream about someone coming into my room

last night. He rubbed something cold and sticky on my

temples. It turned into marmalade, and I remember rub
bing it off and eating it

The dreams are starting to make more sense. | keep
dreaming about that rat thing, and about how hundreds of
themare probably nearby, waiting to invade. I'd feel guilty
going off to do gray work if we're facing a menace like that
They need me on the front lines, Roland. The tests will
come in handy for the promotion, but I'd rather supervise
an amalgam down below than do that cloak and dagger
nonsense. I've started writing my formal request to Mr.
Smith.

To: Dan Smith

From: Watcher #922

Re: Reprogramming Error

We've caught a discrepancy in the reprogramming of
#AT422. Subject previously stated that his wounds are
the result of the bites of large "rat creature." However,
subject isnow identifying wounds as "slashes in his chest."

To: Watcher #922

From: Dan Smith

Don't worry. We've altered his wounds fora reason...

Chapter One: Inner Illuminations



Chapter Two:

Ranks and
Relationshi

And if it seem evil unto you to serve the Lord, choose
whether the gods which your fathers served that were

of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: b

Joshua 24: 15

Gathering Forces
Trust me, Jack
Sam Lowry, Brazil
To: Gene
From: Roland

Re: Symposium

Good news. I managed to pull a few strings
and get you some computer time in one of
sh,

I sort of suggested you needed it because you were being

Terrance Whyte's symposiums! I have to admit, thou

rushed through for gray work

Look, forall we know, those rat things are pretty rare
There are worse things out there, I'm sure, and you'd be
wasting your talent sludging around in sewers. The Union
needs you, Gene. Besides, if we need raw, static firepower
to take care of beasties underground, we can educate
sympathizers to take care of it instead of risking Enlight
ened personnel. That's one of the reasons we have Social

Conditioning

Higeecd

you this day whom ye will serve

ner side of the flood, or the gods

{my house, we will serve the Lord.

To: Roland

From: Gene

Re: The UnEnlightened

I'm flattered. Yes, you're right, we can use sympathiz
ers to take care of the problem, but I don't really like
leaving that much responsibility to them. If we have to use
them, I'd rather be the Unit Leader directing them

I'm curious... does your Methodology use sympathiz
ers.as well? The only command structure I'm familiar with
is the one for the Men in Black. There are the troops
the constructs and sympathizers — the commanders in
the field and the Intelligence Analysts who direct them
How do you use sympathizers in your Methodology?

Forthat matter, why do we take the risk of usingthematall?

Isn't it dangerous to give that knowledge to the unEnlightened?

Oh, BTW, the dream I've been having continued last
night. | was following the sewer tunnel for miles and miles,
trying to find where the rat creatures came from. There
was some kind of elastic tunnel reaching down into the

sewers, and I was running up it, running up to the moon

Weird.
Chapter Two: Ranks and Relationships


Sympathizers

To: Gene

From: Roland

Re: Sympathizers

You sure you don't have any of that vodka in there? -)

Ye
Enlightened personnel are pretty hard to come by! There's
quite a bit of hierarchy and bureaucracy in the NWO, but

sympathizers work with all three Methodologies.

a few basic distinctions can be made. Most of the agents in
the field are usually constructs and sympathizers. You've
already seen that on the front lines.

In all three Methodologies, sympathizers are either
educated Sleepers or Technocrats who have yet to attain
Enlightenment. Many times, a sympathizer doesn't know
whether he'll attain it. In Traditionalist terms, he doesn't
know whether his "Avatar" will "Awaken." The Order can
try to predict ifand when it will happen, but there really isn't
a reason to do that. In the end, it really doesn't matter.

The Black Suit work you've done is just one example of
integrating sympathetic agents into the Union. It's too bad
you haven't had more of a chance to see the rest of the
Construct. We have all kinds here. There's no reason for
everyone here to be Enlightened. It's not like in a Chantry,

where some crazed Order of Hermes mage might show off by

bending reality when he wants to light the candles ina room.
There are a lot of tasks here that don't require Enlightened
agents: handling paperwork, janitorial work, food services,
and so on. Remember, the Ivory Tower does more than just
take care of education. The Servants of the Ivory Tower have
totake care ofall the administrative and supportive tasks that
the other Conventions won't touch. After all, our Conven-

tion understands more than any other how the societal part

of our Union should be structured.

Media sympathizers perform support work for the
Enlightened personnel. It takes a lot of people to man a
surveillance station, and even Sleeper reporters are useful
at gathering information. The principles of gathering
information are the same as with espionage. Not every spy
has to be Secret Agent John Courage. A sympathizer who
can report what's happening around him — whether
that's at a television station, the phone company, a film
production company or next door toa possible Chantry —

plays his part in the war effort. Fortunately, the Tower has
a thorough enough knowledge of Social Conditioning to
ensure that any given sympathizer will remain loyal.

Even in an amalgam of Men in Black, it isn't important
which ones are Enlightened naturals or mindless drones, or
which ones are Sleeper sympathizers or Gray Men. They all
act as a unit. If the mages treat all Men in Black as inhuman
drones, so much the better. It gives us an edge.

However, once an agent has attained Enlightenment,
once his "Avatar" has "Awakened," his chances for promo-

tion increase. Until then, the distinction between an

unEnlightened Technomancer and an educated Sleeper
doesn't matter. Because nearly all our procedures are "coin-

cidental," it's even possible for the agent himself to be
unaware of whether he's actually reshaping reality. If other
agents don't know, then he's doing his job extremely well.

P'll give you a classic example from Sleeper history. In
the early 1950s, an agent named Karpov was performing
an assassination outside a subway station in Bulgaria. He
wanted to appear nondescript, so he carried an umbrella
and newspaper with him. As his target was leaving the
platform, Karpov bumped into him. At that moment, he
dropped his newspaper as a distraction.
The tip of his umbrella bumped into his target's thigh.

"accidentally"

Karpov excused himself and continued on.
ick. His

doctor could find no reason for the illness — until he took an

A few days later, the target grew increasingly

x-ray. A small pellethad been projected into the subject'sleg,
and the pellet had been coated with a rather virulent poison.

By sheer bad luck, Karpov was captured a few days
later. As a foreign national, he had been followed by the
Bulgarian Secret Service. When they inspected his per-
sonal possessions, they found a device in his umbrella. The
tip was hollow, with a coiled spring and firing mechar

ism
rigged to the edge. The gadget was constructed to fire a

pellet into a human body upon contac

This example was cited in one of my early cla:
Some analysts believe that the method of

assination

was so outrageous that it could only have been a proce
an Effect of
conceives of the device, and uses his technological appa-

Sy

oincidental magick." Karpov sees his target,

ratus

a focus to pass off a coincidental influence over
Life. Other analysts say that the task was merely a result of
ingenious gadgeteering. No "magick" was required. Some
of the more conspiratorial students tended to argue that
Karpov intended to get caught. Releasing to the general
public the idea of this "secret agent gadget" convinces
them of the importance of technology in covert opera-
tions. Which answer is true?

Itdoesn't matter. If the mission was performed as part of
a Technocracy operation, it doesn't matter if the Operative
was an educated Sleeper with a brilliant idea or an overly-
imaginative Enlightened Technomancer with a penchant

for umbrellas. The mission is still carried out the same way.

In the end, ifa sympathizer can do his job, it makes no
rence whether he's Enlightened or not.
To: Roland

From: Gene

diff

Re: Minimizing Paradox

So sympathizers can be used as plants without obvi-
ously being Enlightened. Makes sense. It's kind of easy to
try to sense someone's Quintessence to find out if they're
Enlightened. If a Reality Deviant tries to sense the Quin-
tessence in a sympathizerand finds nothing, he's less likely
to suspect him of working for us.

I've found that the key to pulling off a successful
mission is to limit the amount of vulgar procedure you use
My work usually has to appear as "coincidental" as pos-
sible. It reduces the chances of Paradox and increases the
chances of success.

At least that's the way I feel. Every once ina while |
hearsome story about some hotshot Black Suit who thinks
he's going to become the next John Courage, goes off half
cocked and guns his Spectre Limousine into battle.
usually right into a Paradox Spirit. :-)

The exams are wrapping up. I seem to have misplaced
the file on Methodologies, though. Could you send me
another copy?

Methodologies

Priests work in a rigorously structured

aq hierarchy fixed in a firm set of traditions
Shamans, on the other hand, are arrant
individuals... Hence, a shaman is always
a threat to the control of the organized
church

BAM... The struggle between shaman and priest may
a wiell be a death strugele

~ Robert Pirsig, Lila

Instructional Material #6612

Directive 77214

Prepared: Roland Cassault, Ivory Tower

The New World Order is composed of three Method-
ologies. Rather than applying generic terms to the ranks ofall
New World

Understanding the levels of these organizations requires an

h Methodology has its own hierarchy

Zents,

understanding of the three theatres in the War for Ascen-
sion. Each is vitally important to our triumph over the
enemies of Reality. As the administrative branch of the
Technocracy, the New World Order oversees the crusade on
all fronts. The war effort is divided into three theatres: the
Front Lines, the Horizon and Beyond the Horizon

The Front Lines

On the front lines, battles are fought in the world of
Sleepers. These operations must be extremely subtle. Our
highest priority is the conversion of hearts and minds, the
strengthening of the consensual reality paradigm of the
Technocracy. The structure of Reality is the manifestation of
our Collective Will. Our enemy works to undermine the
consensus we have built with the assistance of the Masses.
Our enemy does not limit himself by working within the safe
procedures of the Technocracy. Instead, he threatens the
safety of the Masses by performing vulgar Effects in their
midst, increasing the chance of causing a Paradox among

Ss

leepers. Our enemies' conflicting plans for the world are
nothing more than a design for unleashing chaosand endan-

gering humanity for the sake of their myriad deviant visions.

Chapter Two: Ranks and Relationships


Although we offer mages the chance to undergo
Social Conditioning to enjoy the protection of the New
World Order, the outcasts have demonstrated their disre-
gard for the Safety and Security we maintain. Make no
mistake, however — when subtlety has no effect on these
criminals, we have no choice but to eradicate them with
overwhelming force to protect the innocent.

The Horizon

At the edge of Earth's atmosphere, outside of "real"

space, Horizon Realms and Horizon Constructs act as

bases of operations for our Union. Constructs stationed in
geosynchronous orbits survey the Masses, ensuring their
protection and Safety. Usually, one Convention will be
dominant at a Horizon Construct, but at any Construct,
there must be coordination among all Conventions. We
oversee this administration. Horizon Realms are also
accessible outside the terrestrial sphere. Many of these are
used for missions of security, including the training of
troopsand the incarceration of Tradition mages and other
perpetrators of crimes against Reality.

The Horizon Realms also contain

xperimental soci-
eties, cities that allow for the perfection of social
engineering. We must decide the face of the future, for we
are the builders of utopias. Just as a model of a physical
structure is tested for w

ness, we fine-tune our plans
with living models. What we learn from these societal

organisms will help us breed our bold new world.

Finally, it should be noted that outposts on the
Horizon are part of the defense of the Earth. Along the
Gauntlet (the reality barrier we have erected with the
assistance of humanity to block out the menace of the
supernatural world), secure outposts stand vigilant watch
against extraterrestrial threats. Only we have the strength
to defend our world.

Beyond the Horizon

Far beyond the limits of the terrestrial sphere, hidden
in the altered space outside the depths of the Great Deep,
Technocracy bases operate in the Deep Universe. The
limits of e:

rthly reality do not inhibit these visionaries.
While Horizon Realms, such as the Horizon Resear
Collectives, allow for limited adjustments of reality, Deep

h

Universal Collectives permit radical shifts, thus enabling
our highly advanced research, the maximum security of
Our Leaders and the Inner Circle, and the protection of

allied alien life forms. While the Masses sleep, we must

prepare the universe itself for humanity's Awakening into
Collective Enlightenment.

Within a Deep Universal Collective, reality is often
determined by the consensus of the individuals contained
within it. For this reason, loyalty and ideological purity are
critical. Consensus within a Collective, as with any Real-
ity Environment, ensures the safety of all.

26 Technocracy: New World Order

The Oniverse is Ours

On all fronts, we strive to attain Safety and Security
for the good ofall. Though members of each Methodology
may view the war differently, the Provost of ourCollegium,
along with the latest directives from Alpha Outpost, call
for a renewed effort to direct ourselves to our ultimate
goal: One World, One Truth, One Reality. All three
w World Order — the Opera-
tives, the Servants of the Ivory Tower, and the agents of

Methodologies of the

the Watchers — must work toward this common goal.

The Operatives

Thus, we do disagreeable things, but we are defensiv

That,
I think, isstillfair. We do disagreeable things so that ordinary people
here and elsewhere can sleep safely in their beds at night. Is that too

romantic? Of cours
— John LeCarre, The Spy Who Came in from the Cold
The first Methodology, the Operatives, d

we occasionally do very wicked things.

als prima-

rily with espionage. The secret agent works to gather
information in the field and to ensure Security within our
ranks. He is the eyes and ears of our Union.

The shock troops of our Convention are the Men in
Black. Most mages think of the Black Suits when they hear
the words "New World Order," and many acolytes and
apprentices think of them as mindless, soulless constructs
who lack ind
tage. "Black Suit" work is the starting assignment for most

pendent will. This illusion works to ouradvan-

operatives. Not all Men in Black are constructs, nor are all of
them conversant in Technocratic procedures.

These units' most common activity is the capture or
elimination of Reality Deviants, suchas Traditionalist mages,
Marauders, cryptozoological specimens, supernatural enti-
tiesand demonic manifestations. Although the psychological
mandates of the Masses have psychic mechanisms toactively
ignore some types of Reality Criminals, the Men in Black
must police the front lines to ensure the Safety and Security
e with

of humanity. Fortunately, Men in Black can ope
some degree of impunity in the field because they are often
mistaken for government authorities. Most Sleepers either
trust or fear their government. Those who trust do not
question; those who fear dare not question.

The constructs and sympathizers working as Men in
Black actually run interference for more experienced agents.
Although the majority of Black Suits are male, their superi-
s. The

Gray Suits are the assassins, impersonators, thieves and

ors, the Gray Suits, have a more even balance of gende:

saboteurs. While some work in the shadows, others work
openly, assuming an alternate identity and working in the
midst of the Traditions.

The most common task of the Gray Men is infiltration.
Cabalsoften come to think of unitsof Black Suitsand cyborgs

as their most immediate threat. Actually, the greatest threat

to their cabal is often living in their midst. Because of the
nature of the Pogrom, most Tradition mages have to bestow

—/oHNSoN

acertain degree of trust toeach other. There usually isn't time
for them to interrogate any renegade mage they encounter
This makes the task of infiltration easier

While Black Suits and Gray Suits work on the front
lines, Intelligence Analysts organize them and interpret the
data they gather. Their bases are often in Horizon Con-
structs. These agents also act as intermediaries between Unit
Leaders in the field and administration. Coordinating field
work also means teaming agents of the New World Order
with agents of other Conventions. This is also part of the
administrative responsibilities of the Operatives

The masters among the Operatives are the Men in
White, agents who are responsible for monitoring the
loyalty of individuals. "Men in White" is of course a
colloquial term; such agents are as often female as male.
Men in White have great latitude in their inquires; any
one ranking below a White Suit can be interrogated by
her, regardless of Convention. Among their other respon
sibilities are overall Security for Horizon Constructs,
ideological conformity within Horizon Realms, and re-
gional reports to the highest ranks of the Technocracy

The Ivory Tower
We don't need no education
We don't need no thought control
Pink Floyd, "Another Brick in the Wall, Part 2"

The second Methodology, the Ivory Tower, oversees edu
cationandadministration. Thearmiesofsympathizers, educators,
academics, teachers, psychologists, computer programmers, Re
ality Programmers, bureaucrats, administrators, instructors and
indoctrinators ensure that this is the most diverse of the Method
ologies. At the highest levels of this Methodology, the masters of
the Tower act as mediators in inter-Convention politics, orga
nize Symposiumsandreporttothe Inner Circle. The lvory Tower
can be divided into five areas of influence: recruitment, educa
tion, computer security, psychology and bureaucracy

On the front lines, legions of sympathizers work
within universities and other educational systems to gen
tly guide the Masses towards correct indoctrination. Many
sympathizers work as recruiters. Universities are one of
the best areas for recruitment. Disaffected youth, Enlight
ened drop-outs, gifted students and Orphaned mages also
make for excellent sympathizers
Education involves the transfer of ideas and the coloni-
zation of minds. On the Horizon, instructors and academics
oversee the indoctrination of Technomancers of all Con-
ventions. Educators within the Ivory Tower have many tools
at their disposal for processing students, including
sleepteaching, subliminal broadcasting and virtual reality
systems. One important application of these tools is the
education of field specialists, who often work with amalgams
on the front lines. The education branch of the Tower also
includes the Collegiums, sanctuaries of academia where
luminaries are free to debate the philosophies of our Union

Chapter Two: Ranks and Relationships


Computer security is the third area of influence
Since our Convention handles information storage forall
The

most difficult responsibility is preventing "hacking" and

the Conventions, access to information is critical

attacks from Virtual Adepts. Fortunately, many of the
brightest security specialists are former Adepts who have
undergone Social Conversion. The New World Order
also works in collaboration with the Cybernauts of the
Void Engineers. Servants are usually more proficient
within the computer systems of Sleepers; Cybernauts are
usually more proficient with the Digital Web

Psychologists are invaluable in the War against Reality
Deviance. The wealth of information they can access allows
them to process psychological profiles of Sleepers and mages,
as exemplified by the Citation Procedure. Their abilities to
process the mind and access technological devices enable
them to assist with such tasks as Social Conditioning — the
process of altering the belief system of an individual — and
mindscaping — the process of altering an individual's per
ceptions of reality. Psychologists proficient with Social
Conditioning and mindscaping are sometimes known as
Reality Programmers and often work with Intelligence Ana
lysts of the Operative Methodology

Bureaucracy and administration are the largest sections
of the Tower. Admittedly, some jaded members of other
Conventions will claim that these are tasks that none of the
other Conventions want to oversee; however, handling

these duties helps us to maintain our position of leadership

within the Technocracy. Afterall, as some of the bureaucrats
of the Tower are overly fond of reminding us, information is
indeed power. The highest levels of administration use that
power to maintain harmony among the Conventions.

All Servants of the Ivory Tower are adept at process-
ing information, regardless of whether their procedures
ire based on education, psychology, Reality Program-
ming, computer programming or politics. As a concerted
front against the deceptions and dangers of Traditionalist
thinking, the Servants are united by their slogan: "Our
Knowledge is Our Strength."

The Watchers

Approaching northern perimeter. Contact imminent
Contact imminent. Orange alert. Orange alert

#36, The Prisoner

This is Emerson Carter, Network XXIII, coming to you

live and direct!
Max Headroom

Procedures in the third Methodology, the Watchers, are
based on surveillance, media and communications. Their
primary tasks include monitoring for crimes against Reality,
manufacturing the consent of the Masses, and working with
amalgams to locate and neutralize random elements in Reality

Sympathizers to the Watchers work within mundane
television and radio stations, as well as within telephone
companies and other communications organizations. Most

28 Technocracy: New World Order


have limited knowledge of our Union, and some only
partially realize the role they play in the war effort. Other
sympathizers assist in the production of media. The pro
cess of manufacturing media — making a film,
manipulating an image, producing a television program,

"electronic news gathering," or addressing an audience

r the radio — is a process of transferring a message. As
Marshal McLuhan has said, "The medium is the message,"
and as such, the language of a technological medium can
easily become a process for a Technocratic message. Sym
pathizers assist with the menial tasks of production, freeing
the E

lightened to carry out their duties. Dutiful sympa
thizers are promoted to positions where they, too, can help
create Our Reality.

Field 4

Observers, Reporters or Lensmen. Field Reporters are

nts of this Methodology are usually Field

often assigned to amalgams in which a Man in Black or
Gray Man is not needed, ensuring that the proper docu
mentation of their mission is preserved. Reporters can also
work with amalgams to gather incriminating evidence,
seek out the supernatural, and document or even counter

act Reality Deviance. Lensmen coordinate surveillance in

the field, including the installation of permanent posts
Many of these technicians work well with units of Men in
Black and the field patrols of Iteration X

Horiz
veillance over wider areas. Working in conjunction with

on Constructs usually contain outposts for sur

satellite systems, ground-based security systems, radar and
manar tracking stations, and computer systems, Watchers
can direct field operations and gather evidence. Numer

ous devices exist for tracking Sleepers as well, such as

credit cards, cash point systems, marked currency, com
puter monitors in automobiles and automatic teller cards

Anything a Sleeper carries with a distinct m

gnetic en
cryption or unique encoded message "marks" him for
tracking

On the Horizon, Watchers provide Intelligence Ana
lysts and White Suits with information on disloyal citizens

This is partly a procedure of counterespionage. It is also a

means of helping Technomancers guard against possible
betrayal by coworkers. Working within a collectivist soci-
ety heightens our sense of individuality; we must stay on
guard against possible traitors in our midst. By limiting our
trust of others, we intensify our overall trust in our Union
The v

safegue

lant eyes of Horizon surveillance surround and

rd us. Back to back, we stand against the intrusion

of deviants who would rend the fabric of our Safe Reality

Gatekeepers coordinate the activities of sympathiz
ers, monitoring activity in the media as well as Sleeper
reactions to it. Just as rating systems can be used to
measure the Masses' responses to media, so can adjusting
rating systems alter the response of the Masses. By subtly
controlling the messages of the media of the Masses, we
direct society toward homogenous and harmonious union.

By manufacturing consent, we create a secure world

ints OE: En mee
Vi
Z
Z
4 ~
y,

——AHINSoN
=

Chapter Two: Ranks and Relationships


The Surveyors stand at the top of the pyramid. They
oversee the efficacy of the War on all fronts, including
working with the deep space and Deep Universal surveil-
lance and patrols of the Void Engineers. Their expertise
coordinates the data of telescopes, space stations and scout
ships with the expertise of Intelligence Analysts. Rumors of
mind-control satellites continue, no doubt, to help support
researchers in their perfection of this valuable weapon in the
fight for freedom.

The eye of the Watchers represents eternal vigilance in
our perpetual battle to purge disruptive random elements
from the fabric of Reality. As long as the Safety of the World
is threatened, as long as the selfish egotism of the Tradition-
lists endangers the Security of the Masses, the Watchers will
faithfully give their all to the Ascension War.

VWVVVVvV

To: Gene

From: Sandi

Re: Hiding

Bad news. Radio silence. Something's stalking us,
Gene. The thing from the D.U. Collective is heading this
way. | can't say anything else, but we're going into hiding

I love you

Sandi

To: Roland

From: Gene

Re: Communications down?

Roland, no one'sanswering my e-mail. What's wrong?
What's that scratching noise | keep hearing at my door?

I e-mailed my essay to the Collegium, so I seem to
have some time on my hands. | keep sleeping more and
more each day; I don't know why

If you're still reading this, please write back. I'm
getting nervous

VWvVVvVV

Factions
in the War

The only lasting peace comes from the applica-

tion of Reason and Scientific Principles

The Rt. Ordinary Horatio Jackson, A
Public Servant, The Adventures of Baron

| Munchausen
i

Analysis of Psychological Tactics
¢ Addendum to Promotion Review
Q Prepared by Agent #AT422

In the shadow world of espionage, lines
between "sides" are not always clearly drawn. It's possible

to define sides, and it's possible to define ideologies, but

any such statements are generalizations. People cannot be

echnocracy: New World Order


reduced to stereotypes. One can belong toa group, but any
individual will have his own variant of the group's phi-
losophy and his own reason for espousing it.
Nevertheless, when guessing how best to predict the
actions of other groups and manipulate them accordingly,
generalizations help. This applies to friendly diplomatic

relations with other Conventions, as well as to necessary

Social Conditioning of the random elements of society

First, we shall examine how our Convention achieves

its goals by cooperating with other groups in our Union.

Then we will examine the more difficult practice of
Processing criminals who serve the Traditions.

The Conventions

We're all in this together.

— Harry Tuttle, Brazil

The Technocracy functions as a Union, but different
Technomancers have different visions of the goals of our
Union and the shape of our future. Each Convention can
be said to have a "party line," interpreted in various ways
by individuals within a Convention. Within the Sympo-
siums, debate over the preferred courses of action in
accordance with these philosophies can be fierce

In any such debate, we can have a degree of assurance
that the New World Order has the upper hand. The Meth-
odology of the Ivory Tower organizes most Symposiums, and
although a Department Chair may be chosen from another
Convention, we overse

the progression of philosophical
dialogue, with and without the use of subtle procedures.
The New World Order also performs the administra-

tion necessary between Conventions. Operatives rarely

work alone. Instead, the Administrative Branch of the

Ivory Tower appropriates the support Operatives require

from other Conventions. In defining the other Conven-
tions, we must understand what assistance they can give
us as we organize our forces.

Progenitors

Gengineers, Pharmacoepiasts and FACADE Engi-
neers make up the Convention of the Progenitors. Each
Methodology provides assistance in the science of espio-

nage. Pharmacoepiasts provide the "chemical gadgets"

necessary to augment an Operative's performance, and

algo tmanufacture pharmackutical augmentation to inter
rogation and brainwashing. Gengineers and FACADE
Engineers provide the genetic constructs that compose
ite Hinks of our'shock troops! Cloning provides asteady

population for our war effort; gengineering guarantees the

quality of our artificial recruits.
Gengincering is also useful for altering the appear-
ance of Gray Men, assisting in infiltration work. Through

genetic alteration and plastic surgery, a Man in Gray can

appear as nearly anyone. In extreme circumstances, clon-
ingand gengineeringcan be used to manufacture constructs

toreplace dangerous Sleepers or even mages. Regardless of
whether a Sleeper is replaced with a construct or Gray
Man, the Progenitors cannot carry out this task alone.
The Progenitors may be proud of their ability to replace
"random elements," but without the sleepteaching and
indoctrination methods developed by the Ivory Tower,
this kind of operation cannot succeed.

Since we offer practical field tests for their work, obtain-
ing a

ance from the Progenitors is fairly easy. It is
oc

asionally useful to assign one Progenitor toan amalgam in
the field. Pharmacoepiasts are usually ideal for this type of
work, unless a FACADE Engineer is necessary to perform a
er, that talented

cloning in the field. Keep in mind, howe'
Progenitors experienced in lab work and research on the
Horizon may not appreciate the discretion required in the
field. For this reason, field agents of the Progenitors often
require the supervision of Field Observers or Gray Men.

Iteration X

The most obvious uses of Iteration X Technocrats are
asshock troops and as backup. Cyborgs and HIT Marks are
superb for providing the firepower required to support an
amalgam of Men in Black. For Men in Gray, they function
as ordnance, held in reserve in case last-minute support is
agents of the New

necessary. In the field, it is evident th

World Order must advocate restraint to counteract the
crude, vulgar methods used by our brothers in Iteration X.
Atthe higher levels of administration, some Comptrollers
argue that cyborgs are capable of carrying out operations
without the assistance of Black Suits. As a compromise to
this philosophy, Watchers and Servants are sometimes
assigned to work with amalgams of cyborgs to guarantee
that discrete procedures are implemented.

When dealing with Iteration X, never forget that there
are other Methodologies as well. The Statisticians provide
much of the raw data we need for psychological and Opera-

tive analysis. They cannot function without us, for we're
really the ones who provide the interpretation for their data.
Our dealings with the Methodology of Time-Motion Man-
agement are quite formal; we set the goals of production in

although

administration, and they implement them. Finally,
BioMechanics make the final decisions on the training and
availability of cyborgs, through diplomacy, we can suggest
which cyborgs would be useful for operations.

Field amalgams of Black Suits often consist of at least
one HIT Mark as backup; amalgams of cyborgs are usually
required to include a Servant or Watcher. Cyborgs also
serve well as temporary members of a team. Political
relations between our two Conventions are improving.
Comptrollers of Iteration X occasionally argue that they
are capable of fighting in the war without the "interfer-
" of the NWO. Rivalry between cyborgs and Gray
Men still continues. The higher succ

enc
s rates of our

agents, however, demonstrates why we continue to be the
dominant Convention in organizing amalgams

Chapter Two: Ranks and Relationships


Paes

"a

if The Syndicate

bc The main coordination we have with the Syndicate
"4 is through advertising. Watchers will often coordinate
ay media campaigns with the current sales needs of the
if Syndicate. The messages conveyed in advertising advo-
¢ 1 cate conformity to the proper values that bestow happiness
‘ and prosperity upon the Masses. By gathering surveillance
"] data on purchasing habits and preferences, we help the
4 Syndicate in their battle plans. Furthermore, the imple-
ay mentation of automatic tellers has greatly enhanced our
us ability to track the movement of individual Sleepers, and
‘ the Syndicate's ability to guide their purchasing habits has
i occasionally been helpful in manipulating them as part of
a larger operations.

sind Contacts in the criminal underworld act as "sympa-
vf thizers" to the Syndicate, and can be efficient, if
4 nontraditional, allies in our efforts to eradicate random
4 elements. So far, most field amalgams do not require
\ individual Syndicate representatives, although current
4 negotiations may find new ways to integrate them with
aint Operative teams. The Syndicate has other methods of
va contributing to the war effort, namely, their methods of
4 obtaining funding for our operations.

i, Too often, however, the Syndicate has been conten-
: tious in regard to their autonomy in making financial
f decisions. We must not allow the headstrong nature of
ant these "bean counters" to detract from the power of our
Me leadership. We are the ones who make policy; they must
fe realize that their place is in implementing it. They must
" focus on drawing funds and finance from the Sleepers and
‘ cease to question our policies, if we are to maintain the
‘7 Unity that makes our society so strong.

i

ay!

"4 Void Engineers

i: Our work with the Void Engineers rarely relates to
a the front lines. Instead, the Void Engineers perform the
Bs critical task of maintaining the Horizon Gauntlet and
fy implementing Security Beyond the Horizon. Although
c we typically coordinate security within Research Collec-
a tives, the Void Engineers are primarily responsible for
4 outside security.

f Another useful alliance with this Convention con-
a cerns computer security. They are more responsible for
"4 security in the Digital Web; we are more concerned with
a computer security relating to the activity of Sleepers. Data
by is often extracted from the Net by the NWO. Usually,
"d Sleeper operations do not require the assistance of the
\ Void Engineers; however, knowing that a group of
a Cybernauts can lend assistance outside the Net is a good
wal assurance to success in such operations.

- Finally, the distant patrols of the Void Engineers
i" often require static firepower and Operative assistance.
i, Although the Voids are often better suited to function in
\ areas like the Deep Universe, Horizon Realms and distant
a 32 Technocracy: New World Order

_— = = - - eee
PA ee ee ek ee a be eee

wi iz- ite

Sead eh MS Te gh ls ee ee ls 5

worlds, they can also serve as support for Gray Men and
Field Specialists. Neutralization Specialists also manage
threats to Reality that originate from outside the material
world, such as ghosts, spirits and "astral entities." It is
often best to leave such perils to their expertise.

The Amalgams

Evans was a crusader. Now, I got no fight with any man
who does what he's told, but when he don't, the machine breaks
down. And when the machine breaks down, we break down.

— Platoon

It is worth noting that within certain geographic
areas, Technomancers from different Conventions will
sometimes function in the same amalgam over an ex-
tended period of time. We have found that the morale of
field agents is often better if they function as part of the
same team for more than one mission. It is not unusual,
then, for a safe house to act as a base of operations for the
same group of three to ten Technomancers as part of an
extended campaign, if you will, in a particular city.

Tradition Mages

You are a flaw in the pattern, Winston. You are a stain
that must be wiped out. Did I not tell you just now that we are
different from the persecutors of the past? We are not content
with negative obedience, nor even with the most abject submis-
sion. When you finally surrender to us, it must be of your own
free will.

—1984

Each Tradition of mages isa political entity representing
a philosophy of magick and reality. Traditionalists, by prac-
ticing their antiquated and conflicting philosophies of magick,
seek to undermine the very fabric of reality. On the surface,
if would appear that they share a common goal: opposing the
procedures of the Technocracy, what they call
"technomagick." There is no such unity in the Traditions.
Sons of Ether and Virtual Adepts advocate a "compromise"
in the magickal paradigm, allowing certain apparatus and
forbidding others. Each time one of the Tradition mages
works magick under his particular model of reality, he under-
cuts the philosophies of the other Traditions. The result is a
patchwork quilt of muddled ideas, dangerous visions and
destructive realities.

By coordinating our efforts within our Union, we
rework that fabric into one strong pattern. The patches of
resistance in the fabric of Reality are slowly worked out.
One can see that trying to rip a patch out of the fabric
would damage the areas around it. But subtler methods,
such as changing the tint of the cloth or removing and
reworking the stitches — in effect, amending and altering
the paradigms of the Traditions to fit with ours — repair
and strengthen the warp and weave. This fits with the
philosophy of the Reality Programmers: "Do not destroy
when you can suborn."

1
a

oS ae i oat es aaa al eS Laat

Reality Programming allows us to bring converts to

our cause. When evaluating a potential convert, two

essential factors should be considered. They correlate to

the "carrot and stick" method of conversion:
© First, an agent must understand the similarities be

tween the othergroupandhisown. Any ideological common

ground offers an opportunity for potential conversion;

¢ Second, in order to effectively manipulate poten
tial converts, an agent must first understand his opponents'
weaknesses.

By working both techniques — offering sympathy
while masking the threat of hostility — the agent has a
greater chance of implementing conversion.

Each Tradition has ideological and tactical weak
nesses. These are by no means absolutes, but they can

guide you in subverting your enemies.

The Akashic Brotherhood

"L admit it. I can't fight what I can't see

Akashic Brothers typically fall intotwocategories: those
who seek to strengthen the mind and those who seek to
strengthen the body. Often, a practitioner will focus on one
aspect at the expense of the other. Those who seek to
strengthen the body are easier to exploit. Psionic assault and
guile often work where brute force does not. Keep in mind,
though, that the first task an Akashic disciple often learns is
the empowerment of his mind, establishing his basic psionic

defenses.

Those whose whoseek tostrengthen the mind are harder to
manipulate. Cruder methods are sometimes necessary. Showing
the weaknesses of their primitive fighting techniques is one way
to demoralize your enemy. I have yet to see a martial artist who
could stand up to the average chain gun. Perfection of the mind
is useless when the spirit is broken or the body destroyed.

ial Chorus

"Yes, I'm ready to serve the One. I can see now that God

Celes
is really in the machine."
There was a time when Faith was strong enough to
contest with Reason. Those days are gone. Faith is a
concept of the Mythic Age, an ideal that has no place in
the modern world. The Cabal of Pure Thought once
contested this idea with the Order of Reason. Remnants
of the Cabal's cults are now few and far between
There isa certain common ground between Technocracy
and most doctrines of Faith. The Chorus are, at the core of their
being, essentially collectivists. Their belief in the One is not too
far removed from the idea of serving one Union. Many converts
of the Chorus have adapted their religious beliefs to incorporate
the idea of worshipping technology rather than following mythic
entities. Some of the strongest advocates of the religion of
Autochthonia are former C

lestial Chorus members, and

Richardson's observations on the values of the "True Knights,
the Templars, have brought many spiritualists to a compromise
with our values. Religious fanatics often make outstanding
conformists, as many have already proven themselves vulnerable

to standard brainwashing techniques.

Chapter Two: Ranks and Relationships

ts of Ecstasy

"Leave her alone! She has nothing to do with this! She's a
lover of mine... Don't harm her. I'll do whatever you say

Exploiting the vices of enemy agents is one of the oldest

techniques of espionage. Using these techniques on Cultist

however, often requires special precautions. Blackmail will
not bring shame from the average Cultist, but it can bring
censure and even retribution from the community in which
she lives. Controlling a Cultist by supplying an addictive
substance isa challenge, but our allies in the Pharmacoepiast
Methodology of the Progenitors are constantly working to
overpower the resistance of potential converts. Cultists also
have ties to Sleepers that can be exploited: lovers, drug
contacts, fellow musicians, and so on. Directly controlling a
Cultist can be quite difficult; making use of the Sleepers

around them can prove easier and more effective

Dreamspeakers

"We haven' t the strength to resist their patrols. We're too
busy driving the Wyrm from our lands."

One way to strike at these fanatics is to strike at the
territory that is dear to them. Strengthening a local
Gauntlet around their territory is a good start. Basic
tactics of "ecotage" are extremely useful to augment the
effect. When the purity of their territory is compromised,
they will often see corruption of the accompanying spiri
tual landscape. The general public also has a certain fear
of environmental fanatics. This makes Dreamspeakers
easy to frame for acts of ecoterrorism.

Euthanatos

That can't be! The raven said the weakness in the

Construct was right here!"

Members of this Tradition make for difficult enemies.
They have an innate ability to sense weaknesses, guide
probabilities and sow disorder in the midst of our Unity
Countermagick is essential; any amalgam striking against a
Chantry with a Euthanatos would be wise to have an agent
witha talent for these procedures and for Entropic influence
Ifcountermeasuresare particularly successful, disinformation
is sometimes implanted as a result. Opposing a Euthanatos
mage with counterprocessing is an excellent example of
reason working better than force. Killing such a mage only
delays him.

This Tradition's preoccupation with death and kill
ing also works in our favor. Euthanatos are rarely trusted
by their compatriots, a fact which we can often use to our

advantage. It takes only a single death and a few well-

placed words and thoughts to turn an Euthanatos'
teammates into his undoing. No procedure is required

Hollow Ones

"Look, I don't give a damn if a bunch of self-serving
Tradition mages live or die. Just let me come out of this alive,
okay?"

Disaffection makes for excellent recruitment oppor
tunities. Many Hollow Ones value their freedom and
individuality over anything else. The bitterness many
Hollow Ones feel toward the Traditions sometimes makes


them willing to sell information or assistance piecemeal.
Do not overestimate this tendency, however. Some will
intentionally feed disinformation, and some are fiercely
loyal to their Chantries, especially if they have been
treated well. Some will also strike against the Technoc-
racy with crude force and without fear of retribution,
hoping that Tradition mages will take the brunt of Tech-

attacks.

nocracy counte

The Order of Hermes
"If that's what it takes to make stare they're safe, I'l help you."

The Order of Hermes is often righteously indignant
about their opposition to the Technocracy, but their
motivations have not really been so different. They essen-
tially seek to recreate one world orderas well: the Medieval
Paradigm. Some claim to care about the safety and secu-
rity of the Masses. They essentially advocate a
"manatocracy," a society where those who control magick
control the Ma
cruitment. Some are willing to make the compromise of

This is one avenue to potential re-

integrating foci into their magick if they can in turn assist

in operations against supernatural threats, such as ghosts

and vampires. Establishing our "common enemies" can
lead to collaboration, and collaboration often leads to
their compromise. This type of indoctrination can be a
lengthy proc

Sons of Ether

"Of course I believe in the triumph of science."

s, but a rewarding one.

Sabotage is one of the most effective techniques
against the Sons of Ether. Their core belief in a scientific
paradigm makes them useful. Disproving and sabotaging
their outlandish theories is often the first step to breaking
their will. Bribing them with equipment — even sabo-
taged equipment — can also be useful. Sons of Ether are
already allies to some extent because of their promotion of
the use of technomagickal foci. Once they are converted,
they make for v

Virtual Adepts

"Uh... excuse me. Did you say ‘fifty-thousand dollar
salary'?"

ery devoted servants.

There is a tendency in the mundane world for great
hackers to become the most rabid opponents of hacking.
Many sixteen-year-old rebel deckers sell out to well-
paying jobs in computer security by the time they are in
their thirties. So it is with Virtual Adepts. With many, it's
a waiting game. Others are willing to sell out early in life.

Many of our fellow Conventions pursue a "shoot on
sight" policy with these traitors. We recognize, however,
that an ally gained is better than a foe destroyed. Suitable
Processing, significant incentive and a new identity (with
the threat of revealing the old one to hang over his head)
are often effective conversion strategies. When conver-

sion fails, however, a suitably gruesome death often serves
as a warning for other anarchists and an additional "alter-
native" for later converts.

The Bottom Line

Living asa rebel means isolation, rejection, paranoi:

and possible extermination. Compromise with the Tech-
nocracy brings security, prosperity and possible
advancement. Remember: not every conversion has to

result in a mage moving into a Research Collective and

abandoning magick. If a mage restricts his magick and
begins to implement foci, or even if he sells out a few
crucial bits of information to guarantee his own survival,
he's on his way to conversion.

The opportunities the New World Order affords to
former Reality Criminals shows the mercy and majesty of
our Union. Using subtlety to suborn the slaves of Tradi-
tionalist politics is one of the most delicate tasks of the
Operatives. However, most Traditions refuse their place
in our harmonious world. Most would, like errant chil-
dren, rather violently rebel with acts of terrorism and
pollution of consensual reality than atone for their crimes.
Thus, we have constructed the tools of interrogation and
social conditioning to ensure their safety. We have fore-
stalled the genocidal policies of Iteration X to offer the

random elements of the Traditions sanctuary from the

madness of Paradox. Their political squabbles have turned
the world away from our Utopia to create a battlefield of
ideological insanity. We must not let the Sleepers suffer
for the folly of the Traditionalists.

Other Factions

What we are looking at is Good and Evil, Right and
Wrong

— George Bush, on "Operation Desert Storm,"
sampled in "NWO" by Ministry

Just once, I'd like to fight something that could be harmed
by bullets.

— The Brigadier, Doctor Who

Although the Ascension War is chiefly between the
Traditionalists and the Technocracy, there are other
factions to consider as well. Hidden among the Masses are
several groups of supernatural entities who can shift the
balance of any particular skirmish in the war.

In evaluating these factions, one prime consideration
must be made: Sleepers must never learn of their exist-
ence. There is perhaps a certain amount of subconscious
belief in the these creatures that gives them power. Within
k of a "collective

the Tower, some psychologists sp

even if the

unconscious" that recognizes their existenc
conscious mind does not. However, any member of any of
these groups working to make her existence known to the
general public would greatly threaten the security of the
consensual reality paradigm.

Usually, these groups have standard procedures for
protecting their secrecy. This is mainly because such
entities understand the retribution they would receive if
the Masses knew of their existence. They would be hunted
and extinguished as the monsters they are. Some higher-
ranking entities within these factions also realize that if
they were to compromise the secrecy of their existence,
The exis
ence of the occult must not be made known. Until they
can be exterminated, they must remain hidden.

our Union would organize countermeasure:

In the same vein, we must keep our existence secret.
The true extent of our power, the depth and breadth of our
conspiracy must remain a mystery. We must trust the
judgment of Our Leaders to only reveal what we must
know, for we suspect that other factions are led by cre:

tures with power beyond what the agents on the front lines
imagine. There are ancient forces, "giants in the earth"
who are watching and waiting for their time to emerge.
There is a further complication: not all of these
groups strive to remain secret. Some rejoice in their
monstrous activities. It is imperative that their activities
are curtailed whenever possible. For the safety of human-
ity, and the security of our world, the supernatural world

must be contained or destroyed.

Nephandi

What we seek to build, they strive to destroy. What
we work to purify, they infiltrate and corrupt. Never trust
these deceivers. Although they are useful as. a second front
against the Trad
elements to their destruction, some s

ionalists, as agents who lead random

ek to infiltrate our

Union as well. Nephandi serve dark destructive forces
that not only seek to undermine order within the Tradi-
tions, but to undermine all order.

Marauders

There can be no compromise with these outcasts. Do
not reason with them. They are the antithesis of reason. Do
not suborn them. They are the antithesis of sanity. Do not
tolerate them. They are to be destroyed whenever found.

Moreso than any Tradition mage, the Marauders
work to bring complete chaos and disorder into the world.
They are notorious for directly assaulting Constructs and
even infiltrating Tradition Chantries. One strong argu-
ment for the continuance of the Pogrom and the genocidal
policy of destroying all mages is that many Tradition
mages are Marauders in disguise.

The insanity of Marauders is so strong that it often
warps reality around them. Traditionalists may intention-
ally warp reality; Marauders are diseased to such a great
extent that they cannot help but infect their surround-
ings. Like a cancer in the body politic, they must be
excised; like a rabid animal savaging the innocent at
random, they must be put down. By any means, by any
method, they must be stopped. Destroy them on sight.

36 Technocracy: New World Order

Vampires

There are currently no overt hostilities between the
Technocracy and vampires. Most adhere to a strict policy
of secrecy called "The Masquerade." Among the societies
of vampires, openly proving the existence of fellow vam-
pires to the Masses is punishable by death.

Some extreme academics within the Collegiums con-
tinue to debate the policy of handling a group of vampires
known as "Clan Tremere." Although they are still practi-
tioners of magick, they work within a limited static
paradigm that does not threaten the stability of reality.
The Thaumaturgy of the Tremere does not rework reality.
Current theory states that such magick works because
subconsciously the Masses believe in the existence of
vampires. As the mages pose a far more direct threat than
the vampires, even the Tremere, we continue to rely upon
their practice of the Masquerade.

Itshould be noted, however, that there is one society
of vampires that cares nothing for secrecy. They openly
revel in their bestial natures and practice open cruelty on
innocents. This society, called the Sabbat, is limited only
by one consideration: they are hunted by the rest of
vampiric society when they do not curtail their opera-
tions. We suspect that open hostilities with the Sabbat
would lead to all-out war between our two groups; there-

fore, we are currently leaving the war against the Sabbat
to the rest of vampiric society.

Werewolves

You must look for the werewolves in your midst.

— Zirinovsky, on looking for spies in contemporary
a

Perhaps there was a time long ago when these mon-
sters had power in the world. If so, that time is long gone.
These primitives are a dying breed, anachronisms who
sing battle to bring spiritualism back into the
world. Many of them are involved in the anti-corporate

environmentalist movement, and many of them work
against companies affiliated with the Syndicate. We do
know, however, that they are capable of espionage as well,
as we have discovered some members of their society
working within corporations
oughly infiltrated society.

Their secret circle has thor-

The main guideline to remember when handling
these creatures is that direct violence is very risky. There-
fore, we limit most of our operations against them to subtle
manipulation. By current estimates, at the rate they are
dying, it is unlikely that they will survive beyond the end
of the century.

Ghosts

The New World Order rarely handles these threats to
our world; the Void Engineer Neutralization Specialists
are better equipped and better trained to deal with them.

The party line, however, is quite simple: destroy them. We
know that they can interfere with computer and electrical
equipment, we know they can circumvent security de-
vices and we know that they exploit the living. That's all
the justification we need. In any good amalgam, at least
one agent has Spirit influence and can track spectral
manifestations. We have found that overwhelming fire-
power is one successful tactic against them.

Faeries

Yes, I do believe in faeries. | believe they should be
exterminated whenever possible.

— Daniel Smith, Intelligence Analyst, Operative
Methodology

Most data compiled on these creatures is contradic-
tory. We believe that they have difficulty maintaining a
stent identity; therefore, they are not to be trusted.
Do not underestimate their ability to seed chaos and
destruction.

cons

Wav
Relocation

Please try to understand, we're helping all mankind.

We use them a while, then it's over the shoulder.

— Ministry, "Over the Shoulder"

To: Roland Cassault, Alexandra Takahashi

From: Daniel Smith, Intelligence Analysts

Re: Conversion, #AT422

Well done.

Agent Cassault, I'm pleased with the progress#AT422
has made. However, he has repeatedly refused gray work
and has specifically requested the promotion to Unit
Leader. We're going to honor his wishes. Eventually, I'm
sure the training you've given him will be useful. Right
now, we need assistance with Deep Universal Collective
#722.

Agent Takahashi, make sure #AT422 has the data he
requires for the final sweep of the station. We are currently
assembling an amalgam of three agents to assist him in
taking care of the invasion of D.U. Collective #722. We
are arranging transport for #AT422 after the last stage of
his training.

Subject is now being prepared for next wave of attack.
Our Reality Programmers are mindscaping #AT422 in a
virtual reality environment as training for his next assign-
ment. Estimated time of completion is one week. Subject

now believes "Northern California Research Collective"
has been overrun and will soon be ready to assist in defense
of DURC #772.

For the Good of the Collective,

Daniel Smith
Wivvvvv

mayday mayday mayday...please answer please an-
swer please answer... they're coming... they're coming...
omigod, they're coming through the tunnels, the plastic
tunnels in the walls.. ican smell them...i
burning skin... they
reality... the gauntlet will not hold!...the gauntlet will
not hold!...low on ammunition...they walk through the
walls of reality!... the center cannot hold, they walk
through souls!... mayday mayday mayday
please answer please answer...

WvVvvvv

‘an smell their

‘ome from outside space, outside our

please answer

To: Gene

From: Takahashi

Re: We're coming!

Gene! You're alive!

Hold on. We're sending a ship to pick you up. We
need you, and fast. We need someone to lead the shock
troops onto the station.

Looks like you're going to do Black Suit work one
more time.

Wav

To: Roland

From: Sandi

Re: Gene

What a shame. He had such promise, too. I'm sure
he'll make a great Unit Leader, once you manage to er:
those independent notions out of his mind.

I heard about the flowers you sent to my apartment.
You're so sweet, Roland. After we send in the grunts, with
#AT422 leading the way, I'm sure I'll be rushing back to
you soon. Good luck with the rest of his programming.

Love, Sandi ;-)
WV
mayday mayday mayday... we are under attack... this
is operative #AT422...northern california research col-
lective... creatures of unknown origin have breached our
correspondence jamming and have destroyed most of the
station...there are four of us left....we are arming
heavily...we will not allow intruders in our midst...the
center must hold...we must purify against their

smell...need reinforcements, please assist, please a

sist,

please assist

Chapter Two: Ranks and Relationships 37



File Two: Hardware

Welcome, ladies and gentlemen,

To the end of the 20th century

And the arrival of Friendly Fascism

Regrettably, millions will die as before

But just think of the tremendous selection in savings you'll gain!
Of course, the loss of freedom and democracy are tragedies, | know
But consider the entertainment value contained within!

And to remind you: it is you the people

Who have mandated this course of our fate

So please, come with me.

Consolidated, Introduction to "Friendly Fascism"



pler Three:
Procedures,

Gadgets and
gents

We control matter because we control the mind
Winston. There is nothing that we could not do. Invisibility, levitation

Reality is inside the skull. You learn by degrees

anything. I could float off this

floor like a soap bubble if I wished to. I do not wish to, because the Party does not wish it. You must get

rid of those nineteenth-century ideas about the laws of nature

1984

yp
a.

MY Technomagick

A technocracy has an essentially anti

humanist philosophy at its core: machines are
more important than men. Knowledge and
power don't come from mastery of the self or
mastery of the world around you; perfection
comes from mastery of machines. As a ma
chine becomes more efficient, the person
using it becomes more efficient. As technology evolves, in
order to keep up, we must adjust our needs to fit the
requirements of the machines we use. More precisely, as we
develop a dependence on technology, we must adjust our
philosophies and ethics to accommodate our machines.
Within the Technocracy, the machines are so ad
vanced that only an Enlightened few can use them. The
Technocrats who control them have advanced beyond
the Masses, who cannot. Accordingly, power rests with an
Enlightened minority, a secret society that hides its true

power. Since they hold the reins of authority, they estab

lish the standards of morality in industrialized nations and

slowly work to spread it to the rest of the world.

We make the laws of nature

This "might makes right" philosophy is the founda
tion of the New World Order. "Progress" is made at the
expense of freedom and individuality. Neil Postman, in
his book Technopoly, argues that in an advanced society,
science and technology affect the ethics and lifestyles of
the people using them. In the New World Order, science
and technology are used to manipulate information. In
formation shapes the world

In the Information Age, for instance, the ability to
compile extensive records on an individual, monitor his
life, label him, number him and process him denies him
his privacy and individuality, as well as part of his human-
ity. Media becomes a way to shape reality by guiding
consensus, setting the agendas of public discourse and
focusing on issues the gatekeepers of information consider
the most important. Education becomes a series of stan-
dardized curricula, scientific testing and skirmishes for an
"acceptable" body of dogma to disseminate to the Masses

The technology used in the modern world shapes how
we perceive reality. A video camera is regarded as an
objective observer of events; therefore, what we see on the

news is perceived as "truth." An argument among five

Chapter Three: Procedures, Gadgets, and Agents


people on the Internet can be presented as a sampling of

the public at large, causing the opinions of a few highly
vocal individuals to be mistaken foran objective represen-
tation of public opinion. A powerful nation can use
technological wizardry and espionage to manipulate the
government of a third world country, creating the impres-
sion that justice has been served. Welcome to the New
World Order.

Through Technocracy, consensus is guided by the
opinion of "experts" — psychologists, technicians and
Gatekeepers who define for the Masses the way the world
isand the way the world should be. These experts have the
tools of manipulation, the scientific knowledge and
technomagickal Devices that give them power. Machines
can master men, but through force of will, the Enlight-
ened can master the machines, thereby mastering the
world around them.

In Mage, Technomancers refer to "processing" and
"vulgar procedures" when they speak of shaping reality
and guiding the Masses. Tradition mages call this

"technomagick," the alteration of reality through techno-
logical theories and machines. The difference between
technomagick and the mystick variety is the mage's per-
ception. The Awakened mage knows that it is force of
Avatar, will and knowledge that allow her to rework
reality, while the Technomancer believes that scientific
principles guide his craft, even if he must invent those

principles himself.

NWO Procedures

Subtlety is important to the NWO; moreso than any
other Convention, the Order requires its operatives to act
with discretion and an eye towards long-term effect, not
short-term advantage. Because of this, many New World

Order procedures take more time and preparation than

most magickal Effects. This limitation is counterbalanced
by virtual invisibility; because most NWO Effects come
through foci, mass paranoia and extended operations,
they are largely coincidental and tend to last longer.
Men in Black do not simply wave their hands and
cause buildings to fall; ifharsh measures are called for, they
whip out high-tech blasters or explosives, computers or
devices of torture. When time permits, Convention agents
perform elaborate mind games, tracking procedures and
media barrages. These Effects usually require extended
actions, but successes are cumulative. A gradual
mindscaping (see below) will last longer and prove more
effective than a sudden brain-wrenching Mind Effect.
This philosophy guides most of the Convention's magicks;
the New World Order works slowly but decisively, with

minimal flash and maximum results.

Apparatus

Dependence on technology has shaped the paradigm
of the Technomancers. Performing "magick" requires the
use of a Devi

e or invention to alter reality. Again,
mastery of technolo;

y allows fora mastery of reality itself.
The type of Device a Technomancer uses as part of
procedure is called an apparatus. The type of apparatus
required depends on the Convention, Methodology and
paradigm of the Technomancer.

Some examples are listed below:

Correspondence
Watcher: satellite surveillance, camera, telephone
Operative: credit card, black limousine, laser sight

Servant: telephone, intercom, e-mail

Entropy

Watcher: television

Operative: reports from field agents

Servant: test results, transcripts
Forces

Watcher: microphone, light meter

Operative: military weaponry
Matter

Operative: military weaponry
Life

Any: plastic surgery, medical kit

Mind

Any: access to computer records, intimidation, me-

dia barrages, torture

Servant: sleepteacher, subliminal broadcaster
Watcher: television or radio

Prime/Spirit
Watche:
Operative: sunglasses

ecording device

Servant: computer

Time

Any: digital watch

Watcher: editing bay

Servant: academic journal

A pair of sunglasses often works as a sensory-magick
focus for Men in Black. An Enlightened Operative is
informed enough tosee the truth hidden behind a panoply
of lies. At the
extraneous data to find this truth. Watchers have special

same time, he must be able to filter


Au

—JoHNSON
UU nnuniUeeNNON NL AAUAAHH

equipment, such as "Kirlian" lenses, to enable them to do

this. Servants of the Ivory Tower sift through bureaucratic

files and databases to find Prime, and have little influence
over Prime or Spirit outside such applications. Operatives
have such a high degree of dedication to this goal that a
complicated apparatus isn't necessary — a pair of sun.
glasses is enough.

This Con

cause NWO agents have access to so much information,

ntion specializes in Mind magick. Be-

some people assume that they know more than they
actually do. Part of this Convention's strength comes from
Many Sleepers believe the "

fear and paranoia. govern-

ment" and "secret agents" are far more efficient than they

actually are; therefore, the efficacy of the Convention
increases as paranoia increases. Having access to the
massive databases on Sleepers and former Sleepers, such
as mages, is enough of an apparatus to give control over

them.

Common Effects

The problem with science is that it can be perverted!
The Prisoner
Basic training for most Enlightened NWO agents
often involves learning a few standard techniques of
technomagick. While some of these are specific to a

particular Methodology, others are known by all agents.

Coordination

NWO agents often work together to achieve a desired
result. These mages can add their successes together if
they know the proper procedure, achieving a more lasting
result. Such cooperation is difficult, however, even with
training. For each mage over the first three working
together, the Storyteller should add one to the difficulty
of the magick (+1 for four mages, +2 for five, and so on),
to reflect coordination difficulties. Men in Black with a
Hive Mind (see sidebar below) may sidestep this limita-
tion if the Storyteller prefers

Correspondence
** Check the Corners
An agent outfitted with proper sensory equipment,
such as parabolic microphones, thermal detectors or mo-

tion sensors, can detect movement around corners or

behind walls. This procedure allows properly trained (read
"Awakened") agents to exceed the capacities of normal
equipment. See the Correspondence Sensing Effect (Mage,
page 185) for more details. Remember, however, that a
mage can only view a location he can pinpoint; this Effect
does not grant the ability to scan the entire world in a

glance!

Chapter Three: Procedures, Gadgets, and Agents B


Dragnet

This is similar to the Tradition Effect: Filter All-Space.
Overaperiod of twenty-four hours, the Technomancer, with
the assistance of his amalgam or collective, is able to locate
an individual mage or group of mages. The agents must have
some form of information about their target(s) to begin or
continue the search. Dragnets typically require extended

rolls against the area searched.

Area Difficulty ses Needed
Small town 6 5
Small city 7 10
Large city 8 15
9 20
Country 10 25 (30toscantheworld)

Countermagick is possible if the target mage is inventive
andalert; each success subtracts one from the agents'. Mages may
deduct their Arcane ratings from a Dragnet's success as well; this
is how Secret agent John Courage gets away with murder!

The type of coincidences used to explain this Effect
depends on the Methodology using it. Operatives will often
rely on reports from the field when tracking criminals. Several
amalgams of Men in Black will perform a search of the area
where the mages are supposedly present. Watchers primarily
rely on surveillance. This may include satellite surveillance,
hidden microphones, investigators with video cameras, and
so on. Bureaucrats within the Ivory Tower have extensive
access to computer records. By accessing Sleeper devices like
automatic bank tellers, credit card records and even phone

lines, these Technomancers lend their assistance as well

Entropy

This influence is common among Analysts and psy-
chologists. When analyzing data or evaluating the chances
ofa mission, the ability to find weak points in strategies or
individuals is crucial.

Counterintelligence

Analystsalso oversee the Security of the Constructs and
Horizon Realms they live in. This Effect is used to counteract
mages, Marauders or Nephandi using the Entropy Sphere to
plan attacks on a Technomancer base. By subtle influence

(coincidental magick), the analysts will have remembered to

have taken precautions against the strategy employed by the
intruders. This Effect acts as countermagick against their
attempts to find a weakness in the security system; each

success deducts one from an attacker's total.

Ivory Tower Servants specializing in computer secu-
rity use this Effect to take precautions against intrusions
by Virtual Adepts. The "counter-influence" will add to
any countermagick against an attempt to enter the sys-
tem. Each success subtracts from the Adept's number of
success on his attempt to infiltrate or invade.

* Create Drone

Ifa captured mage is truly impervious to mind control
and indoctrination, he might be rendered mindless through
Intellectual Entropy (Mage, page 191). The resulting
piece of animate meat will only be able to perform the
simplest tasks. The psychological effect of seeing a former
Chantry-mate reduced to a mindless drone is extreme.

vee
oe

eenee


The process can take days or even weeks; the diffi-
culty is the subject's Willpower + 3, and she may resist as
if the Effect were Mind magick. Each success reduces the
mage's permanent Willpower by 1. One roll is made per
day of psychic assault. When the mage's Willpower drops
to zero, she is mind-numbed for one week per point lost
If she loses twice her Willpower to this Effect, her condi
tion is almost irreversible.

Forces
© Monitor Communications

This

same name) is used by the Watchers Methodology, and

Effect (similar to the Iteration X Effect of the

requires equipment for intercepting and interpreting com
munications (radio broadcasts, satellite images, microwave
transmissions, etc.). At least two successes are required to
interpret the communications; only one success is re-
quired if accessing the system physically (such as by

tapping phone wires).

Mind

The most extensive training of agents of the New
World Order involves learning procedures to influence
the Mind. Many advanced processes involve mindscaping
(see below), the act of restructuring a subject's beliefs by
altering his perceptions of reality or social interactions.
Some Abilities, such as Interrogation, Intimidation, Sense
Deception, Psychoanalysis, Torture or Seduction, may be
used to reduce the difficulty of such magicks (see The
Book of Shadows), or to make the Effects seem coinci-
dental. Some processes require technical knowledge; an
agent without Computer Knowledge cannot operate a
sleepteacher

Mind Effects can be resisted with Willpower (Mage,
page 176) if the subject is aware of some outside influence
Most mental magicks are virtually impossible to detect
outright, however, and a target must actively oppose the
agent in order to resist. Mages usually know what they are
dealing with when Mind-influenced, but Sleepers rarely
recognize such coercion for what it is.

** Move Along

When aunit of Men in Black carries out an operation,
they will often station a few agents nearby to discourage
bystanders from watching too closely or "getting involved."
Their intimidating presence has a marked psychological
effect on anyone getting too close. Anyone desiring to get
close must resist this magick with a Willpower roll to
overcome the effect of the intimidation. Otherwise, he

will ignore the encounter and "move along."
¢¢ Psychic Intrusion
Men in Black use this Effect to assist in interrogation
The agent may choose either to gradually weaken the will
of his subject or to extract specific information. Each use
of this Effect requires one hour


en the will of his
ttempting to weaken the

gent is atte ig

If the agen

's temporary
> subject's temp
ess will reduce the su . pting to gain
success 2 3
subject, each uece If the agent is ve lifficulty chan
ver by one. extent
eiaoacn, tal cement toi alata an
irda - rrogation roll by one,
> + Interroga
Intelligence
er of -3.
mdse ale
Sop tpeacaere ke the subject forget that h
ane vipes one
Effect is used to m re et a
This oe is nt. Three or more succe
essed an evel
has witnesse i Seruoe
Jing memory away fthesubjectsme
offending Juses, large gapsoft abechaving
, peated uses, larg cecal cete
With ep a ough the subject will rem
erased, althe
can be erased,

esponds to
seper who respc
Keep in mind that a Sleeper
" Keer

"blackouts

" with
ing," w
You saw noth
er's statement "You
omancer's
a Technc

ct serious reprisal...
1!" will certainly attract serious rep
i 1 wil a
"Yes, I did!" v

Secreta he Ivory
Social Conditio: onevothe
a meee throush Reality Programming, an
- ' WwW a St
eee aevlieeen tle
ayencican one t "
Thisproce

k weakens
'sbeliefs, the m:

= subject's belie

g down the sul

By wearing

The agent rolls
iT beperstheesnanvicions Thenaeniilh
ia fceheoni he subject's Willpower hee Create
eben ee destroy Beomanent
corona ete thiasubjectuggesible. W her
ie smi sai Reality ee ee
OE muon iresan extended resistedac a a

Series may reduce this 2 au ™ mum
difficulty 6. Other / Storyteller ranks the degree of Soil
a al ile of 1 to 10; theagent must = ever
petal bla oh aos rhage
number of successes

subject's beliefs.

tgive minor Stievances, like inadequate food or improper working hours,
xample: An €scapist film "eS someone forget the unhappiness she has Suffered over the last Week, ]
e subject wil] submit to minor Technocratic Procedures without Question,
[Example: Minor Procedures include such things as the "Bavarian fire dril|" in Wilson and Shea's Mluminacys
Trilogy; fire drills, routine inspections, ete,]
3 The nay cana nat eat tg and will truse himandact friendly ¢ wards him. The subject
Strongly Considers another individual tobea Potential enemy and will watch him ck >sely for signs of betrayal,
A mage will tefuse to minor Traditionalise Procedures; the idea Of using a candle to channel]
Quintessence ora blunted dagger to direct "magickal energies" now Seems ludicrous,
[Example: An Observer is Programmed to befriend #6 in The Prisoner; children we orking with The Spies are
Conditioned to watch theirParentsforsiensoftnene 7 in 1984; Parents suspect their child is "up to something."]
4 The subject considers another individual tobea Social leper, anc will Actively ignore him.
[Example: In The Prisoner ep "Piece of Mind," 26 is declared "Unmutual" and no one Will associate with him,]
le subject becomes docile and Pacifistic. He has no hostile impulses and ¢annot summon the will to fight.
[Example: Alex in 4 Clockwork #6 after "Social Conversion" in "Piece of Mind" ]
le subject is actively hostile to another indiyi I, and will Actively work against him and px ossibly vic dently assault him.
[Example: An individual is Programmed to hunt down another individual]
he subject considers another 8toup to be an ally to his wn, and will Secretly work to aid them; the Subject
Considers another STOUP tO now be his enemy and actively conspires against them,
If the Subject is a Tradition mage, he has n and will be loyal to the Technocracy, If the subject
1Sa Sleeper, she is now an educated Sleeper and will Work as a Sympathizer. The Sympathizer is no longer
Considered a "witness" for vulgar technomagick,
[Example: Conditioning the Masses against Emmanuel! Goldstein during the "Two Minutes Hate" in 1984.)
le subject forgets ever having meta close frie Ora close family member,
Xample: The Patents of a Tradition Mage forger their son or daughter]
le subject will tray the obj t of hi love or adoray ION, OF treats Specific individual with Teligious devotion,
Example: Winston's betrayal of Julia, or the Masses' Worship of Big Brother in 1984.)
€ subject is homicidal towards another type of person and will risk life and limb to destroy the object of his
latred; the subject jg Suicidal with Temorse at being Tejected by a, other Soup and will do anything to gain the
8toup's fay, again.
[Example ‘He had come to love Big  — 984]
Condition can a8 a subtle j uence by combining jr with mindscaping, Social Conditioning
involves restructuring the belief. ™ OF emotional Telationships of the subject, while Mindse:
the environment of, an individual to change his Perceptions of teality,

Ping involves altering

Under normal circumstances (working in isolation

with a sleepteacher, [vory Tower technician and Men in

Black), one conditioning roll is allowed per day. Note that
the subject does not have to resist; if she performs the
Empower Mind Effect, however, the agent adds +2 to his
conditioning difficulty

The levels of Social Conditioning are listed on the
facing pages, ranked by the number of successes the
Reality Programmer must accumulate:

eee Edit Memory

This process is performed by Intelligence Analysts or

technicians of the Ivory Tower. Old memories can b

replaced with new ones. The process usually takes several
hours.
Servants of the Ivory Tower typically perform this

duty with equipment, such as sleepteachers or drugs and

virtual reality machines. The subject is restrained and
sedated while an alternate reality is created for him. A
mage may try to actively deny the altered state. The result
is an extended Arete roll against the subject's Willpower
+3 (see above). The process is considered an extended
action, and one roll is allowed per hour. The Reality
Programmer must amass five success. Once these are
obtained, he makes his "Edit Memory" roll, rolling Sphere
+ 3 against a difficulty of 6. For each success, he may alter
's mind.

one memory in the subje

Field agents can attempt crude versions of this with

VCRs or editing bays, but the procedure becomes vulgar

at that point. The most useful variant of this involves
videotaping a real or staged scene and "splicing" it into the
subject's memory. The order and content of the subject's
memories are altered. Extreme mindscaping orchestrated
to induce insanity can involve splicing experimental
films, commercial films or commercials into the subject's
memory to make the subject believe he has personally
experienced them

The process used by Intelligence Analysts is, in terms

of Storytelling, more complex. For details, see

"Mindscaping" later in this chapter

Manchurian Candidate

At this level of efficiency, a Man in Black or Servant
of the Ivory Tower can program a subject to perform a
series of actions upon command. The difficulty for this
Effect can be reduced by a conjunctional roll of Manipu-
lation + Leadership or Instruction, but the first roll can be
resisted by a roll of Willpower. If the Reality Programmer

succeeds, a "trigger" can be specified to activate the
sequence. After all, the human mind is like a computer

itcan be programmed. Uses of this Effect include program-
minga mage tokilla member of his Chantry, prc

amming
aSleeper to sabotage equipment, or programming a mage's
relative or family member to take action to reduce the
mage's renegade convictions. Refer to the "Social Con-
version" table above for the number of successes necessary

to program a subject to perform a specific task.

Chapter Thre

: Procedures, Gadgets, and Agents 47


Spirit

As with most Technomancers, agents of the New
World Order rarely have influence beyond Spirit 2. Note
that there is a process for high-ranking Operatives listed
below: Strengthen Gauntlet. Spirit 5 allows high-ranking
agents to discorporate their minds from their bodies, but
ified.

information on astral operations is highly class

© Detect Reality Deviant

Although Men in Black typically have limited under-
standing, their will is sufficient to allow them to see past
subterfuge and obfuscation. A Man in Black can use this
Effect to counter a vampire's Obfuscation, any Effect
rendering a mage invisible or undetectable, the Garou
Gift: Blur of the Milky Eye or Blissful Ignorance, or a
wraith's Enshroud Arcanos. Compare the level of the

Man in Black's Arete with the level of the subject's
Discipline level, Rank, Sphere rating or Arcanos level. If
his rating is higher than the rating of his target, any
magickal success will let him spot his target.

Example: Agent Simm tries to spot a "Blurry" Ragabash
werewolf, If Simm's Arete is 4 and the Garou is only Rank 1,
the Man in Black can magickally pierce the Gift. If the
werewolf were Rank 4, however, Simm would have a harder

time, and if it were an elder he would have no chance at all.
© Summon Paradox Spirit
This isa last-ditch effort used by desperate amalgams. If
an operation is not working, or the secrecy of a mission is

seriously compromised, the leader of the group will defer to

the darkest impulses of his will. This Effect draws a Paradox

spirit to the next magickal act, vulgar or otherwise, that is
performed. The number of successes dictates the level of the
summoned spirit. Who it goes after will be anyone's guess...

Careless use of this process is frowned upon. For more

information on Paradox Spirits, see Book of Madness.

Time

© Synchronize Watches

Successful use of this Effect will allow the members of
an amalgam to carefully coordinate the timing of an
operation. This is particularly useful to Men in Black,
allowing them to carry out procedures with shocking
precision. Others may even suspect that the members of
the amalgam are in constant telepathic contact. Noone in
the amalgam will need to actually check a watch or specify
times at which actions are taken. This is performed as a
communal Effect to make an amalgam appear to have
orchestrated a battle plan second by second.

.

Download Specialization

Many field agents of the Ivory Tower are experts in
specific subjects. Any Servant of the Tower can quickly
absorb mas

ive amounts of information by rapidly assimi-
lating written text. The agent can download information

on one topic prior to a mission by studying for one day.

Each success will increase his Dice Pool by one with any
Knowledge Ability for one day's duration. As an alterna-
tive, the Servant can use this Effect in conjunction with
the Research Ability, reducing the difficulty of the re-

search by | for each success on his Arete roll (up to a

maximum modifier of -3).

Complex Procedures
("Spells")

Sense Node (* * Corresponden

Kirlian lenses are used to detect the presence of
Quintessence. By using proper equipment, a Watcher can
sense the presence of a Node in a building. The range at
which this rote will work is based on the General Effects
Table (see Chapter Three of the Book of Shadows), not
the Correspondence Range Table in the Mage rulebook.

Heat Seeking (** Correspondence, ¢ Life)

This spell represents surveillance devices that track

e, © Prime)

ms can use these
When
king surveillance, each

individuals by body temperature. Amal

devices to search buildings for specific individual:
tt

success will uncover one individual in the group. Bricks

tracking a cabal with he:

and mortar will not hide criminals from the watchful eyes
of the Technocracy.

Hail of Bullets (¢¢ Time, ¢* Forces)

After extensive training, with the assistance of "mili-
tary weaponry," a unit of Men in Black can drastically
increase the effectiveness of their firepower. If ballistic
weapons are used, the weapons involved have been al-
tered to increase their rate of fire. If energy weapons are
involved, the devices have been "hotshotted" to increase
their destructive capabilities. In either case, the Men in
Black use such a heavy barrage of firepower that the
number of shots fired is impossible to estimate.

This complex procedure is communal (Mage, p. 178):
use normal Firefight rules to determine how many shots
hit, then make a group Arete roll at difficulty 8. For each
success, roll for an additional attack. The Effect must be
repeated each turn to work continually.

d)

By using his access to psychological profiles, a Ser-
vant of the Ivory Tower can determine the psychological
weaknesses of an individual. This can be advantageous

Psychological Breaking Point ( * Entropy, # * Mi

during interrogation. Ifa subject is undergoing interroga-
tion, lower the difficulty of all rolls by one (toa maximum
modifier of -3). The psychologist can also, with a modified
roll of Intelligence + Psychology, uncover a mage's psy-
chological "Achilles' heel," whetherit isa phobia, unusual
sexual proclivity or addiction. In game terms, a successful
application of this complex procedure will also reveal
Psychological Flaws.


Phone Tap (¢¢ or ¢* * Correspondence, * * Forces)

Watchers are experts at sending encoded messages and
monitoring enemy communications. Sending a message
requires Correspondence 2; intercepting a message requires
Correspondence 3. If Watchers are monitoring a telephone,
the subject will detect the intrusion with an opposed roll of
Perception + Alertness. Note that hearing a conversation in
a room with a telephone does not require that a "bug" be in
the telephone or even that the phone be off the hook.

Holdout Weapon (¢¢* Forces, ¢* Prime)

The agent using this complex procedure is assumed to
have some form of deadly energy weapon "up his sleeve."
As long as the user appears to be a government agent and
is reasonably discreet, the procedure is usually coinciden-
The apparatus can be any type of.
pistol-shaped device. This procedure is easiest to use if no
Sleepers are present.

Red Button (¢¢¢ Entropy, *¢¢ Forces,

"No! Not the Red Button!"

This procedure is employed when raiding the laboratory
of a Son of Ether mad scientist. If the Arete roll is su
the agent can find the weak point of the Etherboy's machine
and sabotage the device with a roll of Intelligence + Repair

tal in urban aree

* Prime)

cessful,

the device will

or Technology, difficulty 7. If he succeeds,

self-destruct within thirty seconds, usually with a dramatic
explosion (Forces + Prime). Many Ether 1
this type of persecution, and often prepare for this contin-

s are used to

gency by installing an aural or visual countdown to warn
bystanders of the coming explosion.
Strengthen Gauntlet (¢¢¢¢ Spirit, ¢* Prime)
This is a rare rote possessed by a few Intelligence
Analysts and Men in White. The Storyteller may choose
touse itas part of an ongoing campaign. The results, under

the proper circumstances, will increase the Gauntlet or
Shroud of a captured area.
Although this ritual dates back to the destruction of
Mistridge in the early thirteenth century, its most famous use
was after the resolution of the Whitechapel Murders in 1894.
Archibald St. Crispin and his black-clad Scotland Yard

detectives eliminateda Chantry of magessummoning wraiths

to ritually slay the living. In the course of his investigations,
St. Crispin gradually learned about the menace of the unseen
world. After the wraiths were destroyed, St. Crispin surveyed
the remaining area and proclaimed the words, "This house is
clean." This has become a tradition in this type of operation.

If an amalgam of Men in Black (or Void Engineer
"ghostbusters") can hold an area for 24 hours after cleansing it of
the occult, an Intelligence Analyst may send in a high-ranking
official to survey the results. The communal procedure is then
performed with the assistance of all Men in Black present. If the
amalgam obtainsat least five successes, the Gauntlet rating of the
area will increase by one for the duration of the Effect. Difficulties
involving the Shroud will increase by 3 (see Wraith: The
Oblivion for more details on the Shroud).

Persona (¢¢¢¢ Life, ¢* Mind)

The agent has had plastic surgery to alter his appearance.
With sufficient data, the disguise will be thorough enough to fool
the subject's acquaintances. The conjunctional use of the Mind

Sphere discouragesanyone from lookingtooclosely. A rollisonly
required if someone suspects the agent of being in disguise
(Perception + Awareness, difficulty 8, penetrates the disguise).

Pirated Media Blitz (*¢

dence, ¢* Forces)

* Mind, ¢** Correspon-

Thiscan bea risky but effective complex procedure. The
target(s) can be in any room where a television or radio is
present. Ifthe Watcher in charge has ientlyhigh Arete
rating, the transmission can be used over a wider area, such
asacity. Subjects may oppose with Willpower if they choose
to be skeptical of the local media. The Watchers have the
power to interrupt commercial broadcasts with falsified
If
the complex procedure succeeds, all viewers will consider the
"criminal" to be a menace

sul

"emergency bulletins" regarding "dangerous criminal:

and will report any sightings or
suspicious activity that can be tied to the mage. The Effect
also diverts any responses to a NWO set-up.

However, if this complex procedure fails, Paradox will
immediately slam on the pirating broadcast station, damaging
equipmentand possibly Technomancersas well. For this reason,
pirate stations usually broadcast from very remote locations.

Mind Games

Oh, I was cured, all right.

—Alex, A Clockwork Orange

When mages or rogue Technomancers pose a great
threat to the Technocracy and show resistance to simple
techniques of indoctrination, specialists (such as Men in
White) may orchestrate more complicated tactics to psycho-
logically control their prey. Several examplesare listed below.

Daedalus Gateway (¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ Correspondence, ** * Mind)

The subject is transported by vulgar procedures, yet is

discouraged from realizing that his location has moved. One
application of this is forcing a cabal exploring a building or
Construct to take the same route repeatedly, regardless of the
course of action they choose. This can be countered with
Correspondence influence or a great expenditure of Will
(two points per success on the procedure roll).

Imaginary Friend (¢*¢* Mind, ¢¢ Prime)

As I was walking up the stair,

I met a man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today.

If only he would go away...

— Children's Nursery Rhyme

After one day of indoctrination, the subject is pro-
grammed to be the only one to see or hear from a fabricated
persona. This can be anything from a Man in Black who is
always hiding nearby watching toa wraith of a dead friend or
phone calls from someone whohasdefected from the Chantry.

Chapter Three: Procedures, Gadgets, and Agents 49


The subject can break this paranoia by an extended Will
power roll. One roll is allowed per day; the mage's successes

must exceed the successes of the programmer.

Destructive Paranoia ( Prime)

Mind, *¢ Entropy

Afrer one week of magickal indoctrination, the sub-
ject becomes programmed to believe he is in a world
slightly different from his own, one where his persecution
has drastically increased. A ter the conditioning ends, the
paranoia remains, and lasts for the duration of the Effect

The artificial reality will slowly drive the subject insane
unless he resists. Friends will notice that he is not exactly in
thesame reality as the restof them. The subjectcan make one
Willpower roll (difficulty 8) per day. Each failed roll results
in the loss of one point of Willpower; each successful roll

brings him one step closer to sanity. The victim needs to

accumulate more successes than his programmer had to
escape. If a mage is thus reduced to zero Willpower, he is
permanently in the other world and takes on an appropriate
level of Quiet. The delusions have driven him to permanent
insanity and an alternate interface with reality

Typical delusions of destructive paranoia can range
from the plausible to the extreme. The victim might, for
instance, come to believe that his Chantry mates have
split personalities and are conspiring against him when he
is not around; that the neighbors' dogs are plotting against
him and making plans telepathically; that Progenitors
have equipped all the roaches in his apartment with
monitoring devices; that invisible men are watching him;

/\

WS

WS

that the television can watch him, too; that all kitchen
appliances secretly serve the Technocracy; that the Tech-
nocracy is just a front for an alien invasion, and so on.

It is a common practice for the Technocracy to offer
to "save" mages who seem to have suddenly slipped into
Quiet. The subject often concludes her harrowing adven-
ture by feeling remorse for livinga life of Reality Deviance.
The process sometimes backfires, however, and creates a
Marauder instead!

Degree Absolute (¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ® Mind,

A captured mage can be drug

Correspondence)

ed and psychically iso-
lated within virtual reality equipment to make her think she
isin another environment. A Servantof the lvory Towercan
then program a series of events to test the reactions and
psychological limitations of the subject. Any environment
can be created. The mage's mind is in the machine.

One common version of this is a simulation of the
state of Quiet; other possibilities include placing the
subject in a "world" parallel to this one but acceding to
another reality paradigm (a town in the Wild West, a
children's fable, a fantasy world), placing him back in his
Chantry with Gray Men impersonating his Chantrymates,
or, for extremely dangerous renegades, even a town or
village isolated from the real world where he can be
subjected to "retirement."

If Paradox Backlash results, events may begin to go in
the subject's favor, the interrogator may take psychic
damage from the ensuing battle of wits, or the n

ye may


Storyteller Hints; Mindscaping

His mind is now yours. What do you want from it?
—The Prisoner, "A, B&C"

Several of the Technocracy's mind-altering Procedures

die rolls, A lengthy period of indoctrination is Tequired,
| buta sadistic Storyteller can still misuse these Effec
ie ingenious Storyteller, however, can use his advanced re

z

I dictatorial whims of the Storyteller.

i roleplay through the alternate situation,

} him. If the Tec!

undoing previous work,

: The other players in the group don't have to justsir byand watch, The Storytellerc.
‘sions of their characters, Men in Black, innocent byst.

such as alternate Ver:
in on the joke" in good troupes,

Numerous works of fiction can Provide inspiration for this type
Phillip K. Dick's "We Can Remember for You Wholesale" (loose
| Prisoner episodes, such as "A, B & C" and "Living in Harmony."

to attempt a session based on Prisoner episode #16, "Degree Absolute."

Constructing Mindscape Adventures
Intelligence Analysts may also attempt this type
agents in the field and orchestrating a plot to deceiy,
Possible outcome of altering the way the protagonist thinks.
Ory procedure might fake the death of a mage's friend

- After the plot is enacted, an indoctrinator must be

adventure makes for truly memorable gaming and

he
» shunted into another similar esl Ta hi
one ie ‘al Quiet, the mage's mind may bees
wendy ‘oped fi n his body, yet still exist inthe ma c 7
nently ripped — ° eee |
ome ie raaibaged torture and sien lean
belief. The

Memoi Nr re, bi r * 2ek's
ry represent ee
Procedure, but each roll a : ee
worth rt e tr n s sever: .
eff he indoctrinatior
ort

ts to thoroughly abuse the characters in his

Pertoire of, Storytelling techniques to change a fe
e) @ mind-altering adventure, Mindscaping tules should be used

| characters (or players) for having free will, The entertainment of the pl

of conversion or indoctrination, If the procedure is

controls the Story, and the Av,

‘antry and that she has been covertly contacting a Man in

| The mage May use magick to ¢scape situations in the story; ho
| hnocracy achieves Paradox as part of the Procedure, the Story will still work in

- The result isa highly psycholc gical adventure designed to fool both
-touse skill, nor force, when Tunning this type of adventure. When redu i
~ type of adventure can deny free will and lead to player disaffection, When skillfully d

allow for major changes to a mage's reality with onl ya few

for other Tradition Mages to rescue their ally,
ampaign. A subtle and

W die rolls into
to advance the plot of an adventure, not to Punish the

‘ayers is far more important than sating any

performed using a
itely be involved, The éasiest way to do this is with

akened mage (or rogue

t instance, the mage may imagine that she is back in her
Black and considering defection, The player must then

owever, Paradox results in the story working against
favor of the mage, possibly

an "cast" them in roles as "extras,"
‘anders and so on, Other players may be "ler

Of story, such as Ursula LeGuin's Lathe of Heaven,
ly adapted into the movie Total Recall), and Various
Jroups with an affinity for live-action are challenged

near the subject long enough to alter his mind, This is easiest if a Gray
Man completing the ©peration has infiltrated the subject's Chantry, Subliminal

‘Subject sleeps are another method, although the subject should ¢
a Scanner Darkly as an illustration of the effect of this.) If the plot succeeds, the ind

hen hai

Ss | ves the mage
tl essing moves the m
ful completion of the Processing
Successful eee
ne step © conversion process.
| ng the conve Scwilion
° Step 1: The mage can still cast magick with
he md
n: Ss Si paradigm.
a focus in a nonscientific paradigi —s
. - tep 2: The requires a focus whenever he
Si mage requ enevs
works Ic h the Effects are guided by a nonsci-
k ick, althoug ffectsare g
v magick, a

f igm.
= scientific paradigi
Iternate scier
entific or al

3 a gents
Chapter Three: Procedures, Gadgets, and Agents
ha


© Step 3: The mage requires a technological focus
whenever he works magick, although the Effects are
ientific paradigm.
© Step 4: A technological focus is required every time

guided by a nonscientific or alternat

the mage uses magick or procedures, and the Effect of the
mage's magick accedes to a scientific paradigm.

Sons of Ether and Virtual Adepts begin Processing at
Step Two. All other Tradition mages begin at Step One.
The mage is moved from step to step until he has been
amended to conform to the Reality of the Technoctacy.

Talismans and Gadgets

Da be careful, 007...

—The original "Q," any given James Bond film
Each Methodology hasa different opin-

ion on the need for Talisma

speaking, many Watchers regard them as

essential for talented agents, many Ser-

ns. Generally

vants regard them as a necessary "crutch"
for less-talented agents, and many Intelli-

gence Analysts within the Operative
Methodology still debate the importance of so-called

cret agent gadgets" or "spytech" in field work.

For Watchers, Talismans are usually surveillance
's or recording equipment. The only requirement for
a Technomancer to use one is, of course, that she be
Enlightened. These devices fit within the consensual
reality paradigm because of two basic prevalent ideas: that
media is an objective portrayal of the world around us, and
that the government has a seemingly limitless ability to
survey and observe the Masses.

dev

Most devices of the Ivory Tower involve psychologi-
cal control, education, indoctrination and computer
security. The efficacy of these machines depends on the
idea that the human brain works much like a sophisticated
computer, one that can be programmed and scientifically
controlled. Postman's book Technopoly emphasizes that
one of the hallmarks of technocracy is the proliferation of

comparisons between machines and human beings. De-
vices of the lvory Tower operate on this analogy: the mind
has been reduced to a machine.

The Tower shares the responsibilities of computer
security with the Void Engineers. The Voids are best
equipped to patrol areas like the Digital Web; the Ser-
vantsare better equipped to deal with re
Ideas for computer Talismans and computer security
be found in Virtual Adepts and Digital Web.

There is an ongoing debate among the Operativ:

world machines.

n

S
over the need for Talismans. Many agents refer to them as

"gadgets." These devices were extremely popular during
the 1950s and 60s, especially after the Karpov Umbrella
Incident (see Chapter Two) and the defection of a hand-
ful of Sons of Ether in the early 1960s. Sympathizers

within the entertainment industry also achieved a major
coup by popularizing secret agent movies, such as the
widely celebrated James Bond films. The public came
almost to expect agents to carry expensive toys. Some
constructs even began to refer to centers' Talisman R@D
as "Q Divisions."

Some Analysts believe they can improve the effi-
ciency of Black and Gray Suits by giving them a few key
gadget
agent is found with a gadget, it reveals him as a spy.
Moreover, the average Virtual Adept or Son of Ether
would greatly benefit by capturing one of these gadgets.
Nonetheless,
from the idea of a talented individual having the capacity

Others realize the problem with this: if a covert

the history of espionage has involved a shift

to subvert a government to the notion that spies are only
as good as their spytech.

Optional Rule: Assigned
Gadgets

Most Technomancers do not own potent Devic

rather, they are issued by supervisors, who revoke the
gadget if the agent steps out of line or transfers. If the
Storyteller wantsa system for this exchange, NWO agents
may be given a certain pool of Background points with
which to "buy" gadgets from their Methodology. These
points are used as leverage by supervisors to insure good
performance. Needless to say, things will go hard for an
agent who steals gadgets from her superiors.

In a Technocracy campaign, an agent's
rating may represent her standing with "Q Divis
resulting in an Analyst trusting her to protect the gadget.

isman

ion,"

If this is the case, losing a gadget will reduce an agent's
Talisman rating by one for the next two missions. If the
rating is ever reduced to zero, the Analyst will no longer
assign the agent gadgets.

Close groups of Operatives may pool their points to
"buy" special gadgets like Spectre Limousines or Manar
Stations (see below). In these cases, the conduct of the

group as a whole will determine the points they get as
individuals. The better the amalgam, the richer its gad-
gets.

Conduct

Poor 0-3
Fair 35
Good 5-7
Very Good 7-10
Exemplary 10+
Watchers

The American people know what the American people see

— George Bush

Watcher Talismans can be placed in one of two
categories: surveillance devices and recording devices.
Most surveillance devices are not personal, but many field
agents have the security to use them as part of a mission.
Most recording devices are used to document a mission or
even to

ctively disprove or debunk supernatural activity.
1/2 Inch Deck (Vid-Cam)
Arete 2, Quintessence 10

Just as Virtual Adepts treasure their computer deck:

field observers and reporters value their video equipment. A
Watcher can purchase a video deck for 4 Background points.
The Talisman uses Prime 2 to power other devices; for
additional Background points, he can add Talismans like a
color filter, light meter, shotgun mike, and so on. If a
Technomancer can channel Quintessence into the Device,
it can store the energy, allowing the caster to reduce the
difficulty for his special effects (to a maximum of -3).

Light Meter
Arete 3, Quinte:
This Device allows a Watcher to adjust his photogra-

nee 15

phy equipment and lighting to evoke a desired effect.
Since the camera of an Enlightened Watcher is an objec-
tive observer of the scene it records, adjusting the Device
will alter the environment it is portraying. The processes
jects of Mind 2 and Time 2.
Three examples are listed below.

are mainly conjunctional

1) Increase color temperature of lighting

The photographer can set his camera to work with
high-temperature lighting, giving the environment aster-
ile, antiseptic feel. This will dampen emotions, reducing
any Attribute + Ability roll relating to sensing emotions

or using Empathy with a resisted roll of the agent's Aret

2) Decrease color temperature of lighting

The environment will take on a slightly yellowish
glow. Anyone in the scene will have a slight sense of
nostalgia, increasing their propensity to remember the

past. The Effect is similar to the Cult of Ecstasy Effec
Sugar Magnolias, save that each success will incre

Dice Pools to remember past events.

3) Extremely high-key lighting

This is used to assist in interrogation. A victim
subject to this type of lighting for at least an hour must


make a Willpower roll or lose one point of Willpower. The
subject must be conscious and have his eyes open; this is
not cumulative with sleepteaching.

¢¢ Xenon Bulb

Arete 3, Quintessence 15

This type of lighting can be attached to a video deck
or camera for use in an emergency. Activating the Device
will temporarily stun or blind anyone within view of the
flash. The defender must roll Willpower (difficulty 8) or
be stunned for two turns. The Device uses a conjunctional
Effect of Forces 2 and Prime 2

¢¢¢ Shotgun Microphone

Arete 3, Quintessence 15

The shape of this type of microphone allows the user
to hear at a greater distance. An optional parabolic at-
tachment is included. The distance at which the
microphone is effective is determined by the General
Effects Chart, and the Effect is the result of Correspon-
dence 2 and Forces 2

Manar

This surveillance Device works in a manner quite
similar to radar, save for the fact that it is attuned to
monitor magickal energies. The "sweep" of the manar
(pronounced MAHnahr) varies with the strength of the
Device. Operating the Device requires an Enlightened
user and a roll of Perception + Awareness. The number of
successes determines the amount of detail the Watcher
using it receives. The Effect is the result of Correspon-
dence 2 and Prime 2

yn gy

UL yn
ty

PULL ha

Wi

A targeted mage can try to duck a manar scan in a
number of ways: the Arcane Background subtracts one
scan success per point of Arcane; the mage can "dump" her
Quintessence by channeling it into something or some-

one else with Prime 2; Correspondence can foul the scan

the magi
by moving into a Quintessence-laden site.

by movin; out of range, and targeting can be

"clouded"
Using magick is risky when someone with manar is scan-
ning you, however; each Sphere used adds an automatic
success to the scanner's roll (maximum +3)

Successes Information
1 Magick activity noted
2 Subject discerned
3 Subject temporarily located
4 Subject locked and tracked
5 Subject noted, tracked and analyzed for

magickal potential

* Portable Manar

Arete 2, Quintessence 10

Think of the devices used in The Thing or Aliens to
detect xenomorphs. Now imagine it sensing magick. The
difficulty of the Arete roll is 5

¢¢ Vehicular Manar

Arete 3, Quintessence 15

This might appear like the radar scope used in
Goldfinger
The difficulty of the Arete roll is 6.

The area of effect covers roughly a city block.

LOO apps." ayy, tts,
VO dy
4 ae

¢¢¢ Green Dome Manar
Arete 4, Quintess

Picture the surveillance station monitored in The Pris-

ence 20

tivity throughouta city, and can be
installed in a safe house. The difficulty of the Arete roll is 7.
¢¢ Orbital Manar Station

Arete 5, Quintessence 25

It's unlikely that characters will "own" this type of

oner. This can monitor a

manar; consult the section on pooling Background points,

above. The station monitors a city or other large geo-
graphic area. Think of the targeting systems used to direct
from orbit in Akira.

lase

Men in Black

Nerve gas. One squirt, you're paralyzed. Two squirts,
you're dead.

—The Prisoner, "Schizoid Man"

Gadgets of the Men in Black can be divided into two
personal and vehicular. The members of an

categories:

amalgam can share a vehicular Talisman, and they may
pool their Talisman points to add to their vehicle (see

above). Personal gadgets are carried by the agent himself.

eee The Spectre Limou:
Arete 4, Quintessence 10
The Men in Black rely on ground transport to assist
in the dispersal of their troops. The most common model
is the Spectre Limousine. The vehicle is, of course, black,
and is either the size of a luxury sedan or a full limousine.

Gray Men have access to similar vehicles, usually ones

based on current or classic sport scars. At the directive of

an art

¢ Intelligence Analyst, the vehicle may also be
equipped with:additional Devices for operation: inthe
ne can lead to suspen-

field. Misuse of a Spectre Limous

sion of the agent or temporary confiscation of the car.

The engine of the automobile stores Quintessence using
Prime 3, and can channel it to any of the Devices on the
vehicle. A few sample accessoriesare listed below. (Please cue
your CD player to the James Bond soundtrack at this point.)

¢¢ Smoke Cloud

Arete 3, Quintessence 15

To foil pursuit and facilitate exfiltration, the car

releases a cloud of smoke to discourage anyone behind the

vehicle from following it. The driver of the pursuing car
must resist with Willpower to negate this Mind 2 Effect.

ee Nitro-Quintessence Injector
Arete 4, Q:
The car can inject a mixture of Quintessence and

tessence 20

nitroglycerine to rocket the car at extreme velocities.
Each success on the Arete roll (difficulty 5, with the Effect
based on Time 2) will increase the speed of the car up to
double normal speed. Usually, however, agents will not
set one to top speed. Driving rolls must remain your friend,
and Paradox at 250 miles per hour is not very pretty.

¢ Vehicular Manar

Arete 2, Quintessence 10

See the section on "Manar" under"Watcher Talismans."
°

Bootlegger Jets
Arete 5, Quinte:

Small jets at the four corners of the vehicle allow it to

ence 25

turn 180 degrees at any speed. The coincidental Effect
reverses the direction of the carand instantly begins slowing
itdownas the wheels begin to push in the opposite direction.

One useful variant of this Talisman are Attitude Jets,
available at the same cost. Each successful activation of the
jets adds one die to the driver's Dexterity + Drive Dice Pool.

Energy Shielding
Arete 4, Quintessence 20
This protects the vehicle from energy and magickal

attacks, thanks to Primium furnished by Iteration X. Three

dice of countermagick are patterned into the metal. For an
ditional Ba
can be raised or lowered in front of the windshield or the re

round point, a retractable Primium shield

ar
window, offering four dice of countermagick. This Device
cannot draw Quintessence from the engine; once the Quin-
tessence has been used up, the Primium is at a minimum.

Ejector Seat
Arete 4, Quintessence 20
The individual in the passenger seat is rocketed to a

high altitude. If this is intentional, the driver will have
taken the precaution of mounting a parachute to the seat.
If not, the offending mage better have precautions of his
own. The Effect is Forces 2, Prime 2. Ejector seats can also
be installed in the back seats of the car.

.

or ¢¢¢¢ Holdout Weapons (personal Devices)
Arete 4, Quintessence 20
Nearly anything can be used as a secret holdout weapon.
Q Division ge
whoare overly fond of such things

really tired of requests for these, and agents

fe sometimes suspected of

secretly working for the Sons of Ether. Examples include a
laser pen, exploding cufflinks, a poison pen (capable of
squirting acid), a semi-automatic umbrella, poison lipstick
(gengineered to not affect the wearer), a wristwatch with
rotating blades on the dial, a laser flashlight, et cetera, ad

nauseam. Despite whatsome Gray Men might think, showing

off these sorts of toys back at the bariin the Security Collective
singularly fails to impress anyone after a while. ("Been there,
killed with that.") You're better off with standard weaponry.

Servants of the lvory Tower

Log on, tune in, burn out
—net.goth motto
Most Talismans used by Servants of the Ivory Tower
are not used in the field. In a Technocracy campaign, a
Servant with the Talisman Background either has the
security clearance to access this type of Device at a
Construct whenever he needs it, or uses it enough to

Chapter Three: Procedures, Gadgets, and Agents 55


warrant having it as a permanent fixture in a safe house.
Other Talismans are used as security devices and are
included for Storytellers who wish to make use of them in
Constructs.

eee Tempest Hardening

Arete 5, Quintessence 25

Many threats to computer security come from the super-
natural world. Tempest hardening isacounterprocedure that
shields a computer, machine or electrical system from intru-
sion through the Umbra or Shadowlands. TEMPEST systems
in the world of Sleepers allow a surveillance crew to read the
screen of a computer by monitoring the energy flow from a
distance. Tempest hardening prevents this. In the Technoc-
racy, tempest hardening makes it more difficult to enter a
computer system by using supernatural abilities like the
Inhabit Arcanos (in Wraith) or the Glass Walker Gift:
Phone Travel (in Werewolf).

The strength of the hardenir pends on the level of
the Talisman. The standard setting allows for five dice of
countermagick. For each level the Arete of the Device is
raised, increase the Dice Pool of the security procedure by

one. The Device uses a conjunctional Effect of Spirit 3 and

Sleepteacher

Arete 5, Quintessence 25

All of the many varieties of this Device either allow a
Servant to leam quickly or assist an agent in studying
efficiently. If used for teaching, the instructor must roll
Intelligence + Instruction or Intelligence + Computer to
operate the machine. Each success will double the amount of
"time" spent in the machine and reduce the difficulty of the
next learning roll by | (to a maximum modifier of -3). The
Effect is conjunctional, relying on Mind 3 and Time

Sleepteachers can also be used in Mind Games or for
mindscaping. The Device is used as an apparatus and
lowers the difficulty of the appropriate Arete roll by 1

eeee or ¢¢¢¢e¢ Subliminal Broadcaster

The Servants are masters at relaying information by
subliminal methods. At Mind 2, the Device will evoke
specific emotions; at Mind 3, messages or information will be
conveyed; at Mind 4, commands can be given. If the subject
wishes to resist, a Willpower roll is allowed. Usually, how-
ever, the subject should roll Perception + Awareness or an
Empower Mind roll to even realize subliminal persuasion is
being used! This Device could be a tape player set at sublim
speeds, speakers set in a hallway, headphones on a portable
stereo, or any similar transmitter

Security Talismans

A few Devices used in Constructs, especially Horizon

Constructs, are noted here. Since the Ivory Tower over-
sees the administration of these Devices, they often have
authority in deciding when and where to use them

PTT


Schroedinger's Closet

Arete 5, Quintessence 25

If properly used, the application of this Device is
coincidental. An Enlightened Technomancer steps intoa
building, such asa safe house, away from the watchful eyes
of Sleepers. As long as he is inside the building, any
curious Sleeper outside will assume that the missing per-
sonis inside. In actuality, the agentactivates the Talisman
and uses Correspondence to travel to a Horizon Chantry.
Even if the building is raided laterand no one is discovered
inside, the Paradox slams down on the building on the
ground, not the agents safely in the Horizon. This decep-
tion uses Correspondence 3.

* Extraction Device

Arete 6, Quintessence 30

This isan emergency Device used during failed missions.
The NWO agent monitoring the Device can instantly
snatch agents from the field into a safe location. Agents are
extremely wary of using these, and placingoneselfina position

Shadow

where vulgar extraction is required will often result in disci-
plinary action. Usually, these locations are isolated from
sensitive or populated areas since the possible Paradox back-
lash might jeopardize the immediate area. The procedure
relies on Correspondence 4.

If the Device is used in a Horizon Construct and the
agents are extracted from an area on the front lines, Paradox
will apply to the extracted agents, not the Construct. If the
agents are wounded or killed, this is often considered to be
their punishment for requiring extraction.

eee Horizon Gateway

Arete 6, Quintes:

Using Correspondence 5, this Talisman establishes a

sence 35,

permanent "conjoinment" of two physical locations, one
on Earth and one in a Horizon Construct. Anyone can
step through the Horizon Gateway to enter the Construct.
These Devices are always carefully hidden and cautiously
gui

of Mind 2 to discourage anyone from looking for them or

ded. Some are built with a conjunctional application

even noticing them.

Warriors

The world is as one. We are Americans

—George Bush
Although the New

diverse Convention, any Storyteller can

World Order is a

benefit from having statistics for a few typi-
cal agents on hand.

Operatives

Whether searching out Reality Deviants or ensuring
| purity, these agents of the New World Order
fight the never-ending battle to make the world secure.

Men in Black

Not all Black Suits are the same. Some are mindless,

ideologic

soulless constructs programmed to do the bidding of their
f

ters, while others are independent and intelligent

masters of espionage directing other agents in the field.

Statistics for mind]

ss constructs appear in the Appendix
of the Mage rulebook. As stated there, they are often pal
hairless creatures that dissolve into nothingness after

being destroyed. Feel free to use them to pad out an
amalgam when you're a few agents shy; otherwise, sympa-
thizer Black Suits will do. This type of amalgam is good for
throwing a lead-slinging group of "crunchies" ata cabal of
mages. They are often structured in a Hive Mind (see the
sidebar) and if they are used in campaigns this way too
often, they can become rather dull.

Men in Black are more interesting when they use
subtlety, show judgment, have personalities and stand a
chance of surviving a fight. One or two advanced Men in
Black will often work as part of a larger amalgam of
"crunchies."

Advanced Man in Black

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelli-
gence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Awareness 2, Brawl 2,
Dodge 3, Intuition 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Drive 2,
Firearms 3, Meditation 2, Melee 3, Stealth 4, Enigmas 1,
Investigation 3, Occult 2

Spheres: Two at 3

Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Arcane 3, Talisman 4
Willpower: 8

Arete: 3

Gray Men

The most common duties of Gray Men are supervi-
ind infiltration. This type of agent
is usually a trained spy rather than a more generic "police-

sion of Men in Black

man" of Reality. Female agents often work in this rank,
but rarely work among the Men in Black.

Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 13/9/5, Backgrounds 4,
Willpower 9, Spheres 6, Arete 4

Chapter Three: Procedures, Gadgets, and Agents

57


The Hive Mind AS
One of the most legendary ean fe ones
Black is the phenomenon known as aa Seen
es outside the Technocracy believe es
Black in an amalgam share a goumneh t a
allowing an amalgam to act as one. This ly marginal
e, but makes for great press. —
be Not all Black Suits are robotic sane ak ea
them utilize a Hive Mind. The Unit ee he
how to structure his group. Lalli kind
gam is thorough enough that the ve Pe eae
ei one. Since most Enlightened see ‘lhe
lesanauet Mind influence to use simple telepa

Rogue Agents

nes "ension War i
POY make it 6 i

Whether les
0
a reasoy ltionalise or Tech, : Ae
PR nae ehting. There Bo ass
ingen So)
tether Pendent Of the conflict th, ban ty
ars z indepen dentage, ele

‘Nts,

Are known

IS N¢ Str
ot the Strictly bipolar cong;
fi hting in the w.,

SUNVival ove
ther sig, pove

3 T any
without openly it oe siesta i Be a Hl
sear wil Ds ana
working Sonne Rape Teck jas survival,
communicating is quite easy. ed of semiconscious Or indivic % ate of,

If most of an amalgam ecules i eas to link i Particular" Fish acy, Prolon rated by need
constructs, however, the Unit that all the participating a individual', Pecially ae "Pionage Wy, ork
allshemindéte his 1S ert aii Gaci anion ability feel hog MAity, of Strip tet effect on
agents have at least two levels of ‘only needs to perform Ships wich othe, he TONS ord, one him of p
ete of at least 2. The Unit Leader: 1 roll by a Man in by Contempe fo, ii Psincere relation
the Multitasking Effect. A interface i the mental Pr tolon, ea the b figh ting 5 Wolter motivated
Black means the agent can inter then direct all his ability ¢ super, © Taditions a "C0 Traditions,
control of the Unit Leader, aa Ineitherea a Ne polit a Tesults in, an
agents by remote psychic control. working for born Sides tp pod YsUallycighee S°Phy,

Re ; and Hol, BTOUDS like ant," On thei. cnendtobe
loll eC an, 5 "Nemies
When th ie Retardless. f hae ® Ronin Gia
abiect at cd by either sige Bae hey choose
We in Digieal ws tiOn, see Ser, ilitate
eb, Sent John
Intelligence Analyst

Any Security Construct will h:
masterminds of espion:

cialties relating to the
knowledge of local politi

Ics, street activity and occult
activity.

Attributes 8/6/3, Abilities 15/10/6, Backgrounds 5;
Willpowe:

t 9, Spheres 6, Arete 4 or 5
Men in White
Only through decades of dedication and repeated
demonstration of loyalty does an agent rise to the rank of
the inhumanly devoted and ruthlessly efficient com-
manders of the shadow warriors.

Attributes 9/7/4, Abilities 17/13/10, B:
Willpower 10, Spheres 9, Arete 5+

The Ivory Tower

Consider the Ivory Tow.
ology of devoted workers for
sympathizers will have
those

ackgrounds 6

er to bea "catch-all" Method-
the New World Order. M
typical "mortal" st
performing menial functions. Of ¢]
Servants working for the

any
ats, especially
he variety of
listed below.

Union, two are

ave at least one of these
age present. They often have spe-

areas they survey, including

Educators
These agents must be

Conventions if necessary and hold as wide
Knowledge-based Abilities as possible,

Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 14/8/6, Backgrounds 3,
Willpower 6, Spheres 5, Arete 3

able to travel freely between

a variety of

Mission Specialists

This type of agent will often have several ratings of 4

or 5 in various Abilities, as well as high Mental Attribetes

Attributes 8/5/3, Abilities 13/9/5, B
Willpower 7, Spheres 6, Arete 3

Watchers

Whether covering
from the Horizon, these
M:

ackgrounds 3,

interviews in the field orsurveying
agents keep a watchful

eye on the
asses to protect them from harm.


quire excellent Manipulative
as well as mastery of C

—

nical proficiency,

skills to circumvent danger in the field

Willpower 7, Spheres 6, Arete 3

Government Infiltration: The

World Advisory Council

Popular misconception holds thatthe NWO controls
most of the world's governments and pulls the strings of
national policy from North America to Tibet. This is
fancifully paranoid — there are hardly enough
Technomancers alive to do the job — but there is some
truth to the idea,

Each world power has a small cell of Technocracy
"advisors" within its high governmental staff. This multi-
Convention organization, the World Advisory Council
(WAC), dictates policy to various government leaders
through bribery, intimidation, ideological appeals or vio-
lence. The Council is small — the current roster lists
sixteen Technomancers and forty-two unEnlightened
acolytes — but influential. Within their chosen coun-
tries, Council members have almost unlimited access to
information, high society and policy.

The Advisors do not make or dictate laws. Hands-on
involvement is too risky and time-consuming to be effec-
tive. Instead, they drop "suggestions" among a slew of
contacts, planting ideas and decisions that will come to
fruition over time, subtly bending legal, philosophical and
economic systems to the Ivory Tower's plans.

Although the Council contains members of Iteration
X, the Syndicate and the Progenitors, it ostensibly works

under the guidance of the Ivory Tower, with input from
the Statisticians' Committee of Autochthonia. Each cho-
sen country has atleast one Advisor, and each Advisor has
three powerful unAwakened underlings and a circle of

Reporters

These investigators must have a high degree of t |
cos mut igh degree of tech-
excellent Social Attributes and the

Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 13/9/5, Backgrounds 5

Gatekeepers

Supervisors of the me id th, e re-
Pervisors of the media and this M t y
ology re

ulative ability and technical Skill
Correspondence and Mind ;

Attributes 8/5/3, Abj ies 13/8/5, Backgrounds 6.

Willpower 8, Spheres 7, Arete 4 or 5

destruction of the occult a
often the New W.
Black is not neec

. Attributes 6/4/3, Ab
Willpower 6, Spheres 3, Arete 2

Chapter Three: Procedures,

lesser contacts and allies. The Advisors, though potent
mages in their own rights, do not go into combat them-
selves; in fact, members of the Council are advised to
avoid violence whenever possible. Conflict breeds risk,
and the Council's plans are too important to be exposed
by mere force. Those who cross the Advisors' path are
more likely to disappear from all official records than to be
greeted by hails of bullets.
The United States, Great Britain, France, China,
Russia, Germany, Brazil, Saudi Arabia, Japan, Switzer-
land, North Korea and Israel each have "representatives"
in the World Advisory Council. The old advisors to Iraq,
Sweden, South Africa and India have been rooted out and
killed in recent years; their successors are just beginning to
establish a hold in these countries. Most nations have one
Awakened Advisor, though the most powerful (the USA,
Russia, China and Japan) have two. "Fayored" nations are
chosen for their size, governmental structure and techno-
logical advancement potential. The Advisors then add
their expertise to programs and concepts already in mo-
tion, and profit through access to their "host's" judicial,
intelligence and economic channels.

The Council is deeply confidential. Although many
people suspect that some sort of global conspiracy exists,
the WAC and its members are a tightly-guarded secret,
even within the Technocracy. The subtle infightingamong
the members is even more secretive than the Council
itself; such rivalries are fatal if discovered. The Traditions
have uncovered clues of the Council's existence, but the
facts are shrouded in mystery, misdirection and Arcane

magicks.

Field Observers

A variety of sk
ety of skills related to the investigation and

‘cult are critical. The field observer i
orld Order representative when a Man in
ded in an amalgam

11/9/5, Backgrounds 3,

Gadgets, and Agents



Chapter Four:

The

ivisidero

Safe Flouse

Let's be careful out there
Hill Street Blues

Any espionage organization needs a
base of operations. When the averag
Sleeper pictures a "secret spy" base, various
w) images may come to mind. Four-color spy
Vig {INQ adventures could easily be set in a massive
Lan (iN

underground bunker

| 1 fortress with secret
JI} tunnels, hydraulic lifts under telephone
booths, death traps, heavily armed guards,

Femme Nikita would be one example. Sedate British spy

and so on. The base of operations in La
novels often involve posh sitting rooms where elderly men
behind large mahogany desks review the reports of dash-

ing young agents, and look askance at agents who flirt with

the secretary in the lobby. The novels of John LeCarre rest
comfortably on these padded chairs, although James Bond
stories would fit in just as well.

Technocracy bases don't have to be comic book
fortresses or comfy waiting rooms. The first two types of

bases exist, but reviews with Intelligence Analysts are

sometimes easiest to conduct at Horizon Constructs, and

although massive training bases are useful, they're easier
to protect in Horizon Realms. In the field, a safe house
must be mobile; in case of discovery, the agents must be
able to move out quickly and erase any traces of their

presence. Incriminating Devices and evidence must be

minimal, and because of the covert nature of their infiltra
tion, most establishments should have a front, or series of
fronts, to cover the true nature of the operation.

This chapter gives examples of locations in a Tech
nocracy-based campaign. The first section details a
Construct on the front lines of San Francisco. This "com
mune" of businesses and apartments is located in a series
of Victorian rowhouses. The second section of this chap:
ter gives more information on letting characters interact
with a Horizon Construct, as well asa few more details on
the Northern California Security Collective. Finally, the
chapter concludes with some ideas for combining this
framework with other sourcebooks. Storytellers can easily
use this information to introduce their players to the
winning side of the Ascension War

Chapter Four: The Divisidero Safe House 61


The Schism

There's a schism in the New World Order, a dichotomy
between the theorists who are kept safe from harm and the
operatives who fight an endless war. Isolated in the Ivory Tower,
the administrators and academics of the Technocracy debate
theirphilosophiesof Ascension and refine theirdogma. Tothem,
many of the problems of the world are abstractions. Reasoned
discourse and tempered intellect find the solutions

The real world is different, and the city of San
Francisco is no exception. The city has been infested with
supernatural creatures of all varieties, each with their own

twisted view of how to reshape the world. The Tradition-
alists, Reality Deviants who would reshape the world to fit
their own views rather than respect the safety of human
ity, are the most virulent aspect of this infestation.
‘There are, however: bases'of operations where agents
of the New World Order, with the assistance of other
Conventions, can monitor Reality Criminals, orchestrate
their capture or conversion, and cleanse their taint from

the world. They're called safe houses, and the Open Arms

Community, a complex of buildings on Divisidero Street

in San Francisco, is one example of a safe house in action:

The Divisidero Safe House

Personnel

If you're going to San Francisco

Be sure to wear some flowers in your hair

If you're going to San Francisco

You're going to meet some gentle people there
Scott McKenz

Because of its location, the staff of the

an Francisco"

Divisidero house (or "Div City," as Sarah
calls it) are more casual than many of their fellow ground
and a local recruiting base (to reflect

the surrounding culture) are SOP for New World Order

agents. Camoutfl

houses; a predominance of black-suited stonefaces would
draw too much attention to the safe house. Ground agents
are often allowed their little idiosyncrasies when in the
field. Such liberties are rarely tolerated in the clean-run
Horizon Constructs.

People come and go from the Divisidero Safe House,
but a few notable agents are settling in as somewhat
permanent fixtures

Arthur Fotheringay

Essence

Pattern

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Conformist

Methodology: Operative (Gray Man)
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 3,
gence 4, Wits 3
Abilit 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Expression 3, Intuition 2, Interrogation 4, Drive 2, Eti-
4,

Stealth 3, Technology 3, Computer 3, Investigation 3,

Appearance 3, Perception 2, Intelli

: Alertness 1, Awareness

quette 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 2, Meditation 1, Mel

Law 3, Linguistics 2 (Latin, German), Medicine 1, Occult 3,
Science 2

Spheres: Entropy 2, Life 1, Mind 2, Prime 1
Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Allies 1, Library 2, Mentor |

62 Technocracy: New World Order

Willpower: 6

Arete:
Quintessence: 5
Paradox: |

Image: Clearly the detective game is profitable for
Mr. Fotheringay. His pinstripe suits are impeccably tai
lored, his beard and mustache are immaculately groomed
and his affectations carry the mark of a sophisticated
gentleman. Well done! No one knows his job also in.
volves hunting blood-drinking freaks and maniacs with
chainsaws.

History: Asa student of political science at Yale, he
was following in the footsteps of many wealthy college
students with the dedication and education to make it
into the C.LA. The fraternity he belonged to also taught
him some secrets about the true history of the world,
secrets that led him to Enlightenment. The C.I.A. made

him a nice offer, but he got an even more tempting one

from someone else. The fringe benefits were amazing.

ow the family fortune supports his "Private Investiga-
tions" agency

Roleplaying Hints: Act like William F. Buckley
would if he finally woke up. You are precise and discrimi-
alking and erudite, but you aren't afraid
to bloody your hands when necessary

nating, smooth-

Your vocabulary
leaves people scrambling for their copies of the Oxford
English Dictionary, but your panache gets you so many
points for style that it wouldn't matter if you were speaking
in Latin. Then again, sometimes, you are. Bra-vo.

Your actions and efficiency almost cry out, "Promote
me. I'm really an Intelligence Analyst." Despite this, you
seem to have problems relating to your partner...

Eddie Carmichael
Essence: Dynamic
Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Bravo

Methodology: Watcher, Reporter

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelli-
gence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Awareness 3, Brawl 3,

Dodge 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3, Firearms 4, Research 2,

Stealth 2, Computer 1, Investigation 4, Medicine 2,
Oceult 4
Spheres: Mind 3, Prime 1, Spirit 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Arcane 2, Allies 2, Library 1
Willpower: 8
Arete: 3

Quintessence: 4

‘adox: 3

Image: That mustard stain on Eddie's tie is just part

of his disheveled charm. He ne

dsa shave, a haircut, anew

suit, better shoes and a decent cologne. A shower probably
wouldn't hurt either. Eddie usually looks like he just woke
up froma nap. He'd be six feet tall and 180 pounds, if only
he didn't slouch all the time and live off breakfast cereal
and hot dogs.

History: For years, Eddie was a hard-working, hard-
boiled detective working a scam in San Diego. From his
office over a struggling comic book shop, Carmichael
billed himself as a "parapsychological investigator" and
made an modest living while collecting stories of the
occult, soothing the nerves of paranoid clients and slowly

working his way through every comic book in the store
below him. Eddie had a knack for finding the unknown as
only the Enlightened truly do. Sympathizers finally hired
him on a long-term job he couldn't refuse.

Although Eddie is a slovenly maverick as far as many
of his superiorsare concerned, nobody doubts his ability to
find trouble (or get out of it) with little difficulty. Eddie's

street smarts and sheer luck persuade his "upper manage-
ment" tooverlook his most un-Technocratic idiosyncrasies.
Still, Eddie's on Mr. Smith's bad side. The head man is not
willing to scrap so useful a pawn, but Eddie is simply being
saved for an appropriate endgame. Whether or not the
detective realizes this is a mystery, but Eddie has culti-
vated a few useful "contacts" outside the NWO, just in
case.

Roleplaying Hints: Take your best New York accent,
throw ina dash of Columbo, act like nothing fazes you and
talk with your mouth full. Hey, you're slouching! You've
got the idea.

The spit-and-polish ideals of the Technocracy never
sat well with you, but after all your years on the street, you
realize how badly their kind of job needs doing. Those
Tradition freaks are the last thing the Bay Area needs;
you've seen where that kind of craziness ends up.

By the way, the red-headed reporter in the building
next door is really cute...


\
Sarah McGregor

Essence: Dynamic

Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Loner
Methodology: Watcher, Reporter

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,

Aanipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelli
gence 3, Wits 2
Abi

sion 4 (Videography), Intimidation 2, Firearms 1, Stealth 4,

ities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dance 2, Dodge 3, Expres-

Technology 2, Investigation 4 (Surveillance), Science 3

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 1, Forces 2, Spirit 1,
Prime 1

Talisman 5

Backgrounds: Avatar
Willpower: 3
Arete: 2

Quintessenc

Paradox: 2

Image: Intense. Shocking red hair, a slightly wild

stare, tall, thin and feline.

She must have espresso in her
veins. Her jeansare ripped, her boots are thrashed, and her
ever-present leather jacket has been through hell. Sarah
is in a continual state of momentum, and anyone who

interferes when she's trying to get a story will get hurt

Technocracy: New World Order

History: /
mixes a defiantly casual personality ‘with a surgeon's

film student turned Reality cop, Sarah

attention to detail. A vid kid from the start, Sarah took her
parents' strict perfectionism to heart while rebelling against

everything they stood for — in their case, unlimited civil

liberties, alized drugs, free love (read "sex") and a

hostile attitude towards everyone in authority. The devi-
ance and drug parties she had witnessed in her own living
room over the years convinced Sarah that the Berkeley
style of radical living was a short road to destruction

Never a religious person, she nevertheless felt the

tugging of her Avatar guiding her craft. When she scored
a job at a KWLF, Sarah quickly fell in with Merika Seth
(see Loom of Fate), a reporter and meteorologist at the

station. The photographer longed to work with her friend,

but was assigned instead to a waste of gray matter named

Crissie Pendarvis. Frustrated, Sarah hung out with Merika

every chance she got, and the two of them raised all sorts
of hell

potential, she "programmed" a thunderstorm to hit the

When the newscaster recognized her friend's

beach while the two of them were out for a party. The
otherworldly experience brought Sarah's Avatar forth,
and Merika introduced her to Dr. Ken Himiitsu (also in

Loom of Fate). In turn, the Progenitor recognized her
aptitudes and temperament and introduced her to Mr.

Smith:

low Sarah works on her own, chronicling, and in
some cases, preventing, the deviance that sickened her as
achild

Roleplaying Hints: You hate being called a "photog,"
and can't stand to see people waste the gifts that the
American system has given us. Though nota flag-waver or
a prude, you have strong values and an almost defensive
patriotism. Your ex-partner was a glorified mannequin
who kept her job by sleeping with the boss and living up
to every bad stereotype of working women. You're deter-
mined to prove everyone wrong by showing how an
attractive woman can succeed without exploiting her sex

You're not really hostile; "animated" would be a
better word. You pace, tap your fingers, sigh repeatedly
and fidget when there isn't something to do. You also tend

to disappear for long periods of time, often toa place where

you can set up surveillance. Once the vid-cam starts
rolling, though, you focus your attention completely and
utterly on your job

Roland Cassault
Essence: Pattern

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Traditionalist
Methodology: Ivory Tower Educator
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,

Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 2, Intelli-

5, Wits 3

genc


Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics (Surfing) 4, Brawl 1,
Dodge 1, Instruction 2, Intuition 3, Subterfuge 2, Medita
tion 3, Research (History) 4, Computer 3, Investigation 2,
Linguistics 3, Occult 2

Aind 4, Prime 1

Spheres: Entropy

Talisman 3, Library 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 2,
Willpower:
Arete: 4

sence: 8

: A relaxed graduate student in his mid-20s,
Roland hangs around the house in sweat pants and univer-

sity T-shirt. His hair's a little long, his beard's a trifle

scraggly, and he's getting a slight paunch from sitting at a
computer. He's also picked up the habit ofsmokinga pipe,
which doesn't make him look any more sophisticated... it
makes him look like a wanna-be professor trying to smoke
a pipe

History: (See Book One)

Roleplaying Hints: Maybe you've grown a little
callous, but you've had to occasionally let friends and
competitors fall by the wayside for the sake of your career
You're a very affable guy, with a tendency to approach
issues as abstractions. Now and then your tendency to
intellectualize allows you to ignore the morally shady
things you sometimes do. Then again, a scientist must
remain detached.

You love to lecture, even though you do occasionally fall
prey to imitating the professors you admire and parroting
buzzwords. You deal with some horrible things, but to you,
witnessing betrayal and backstabbing is just part ofacademia

Oh, and by the way, don't let anyone ruin your
chances with Sarah. After your tragic affair with Alexandra

akahashi, you've thought of working a bit more.

losely... with Sarah. You're obviously really taken with

her. Unfortunately, getting away from your past can be
kind of difficult sometimes

Ivan, #AT424

Pattern

"anatic

ture: Martyr
Methodology: Operative, Man in Black

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4.
Manipulation 3, Appearance
2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,

amina 3, Charisma 2,

Perception 2, Intelli

gence

Interrogation 3, Intimidation 4, Drive 2, Firearms (Shot-

gun) 5, Leadership 1, Stealth 3, Investigation 3, Occult 2
Spheres: Forces 2, Matter 2, Prime 2
Backgrounds: Arcane 2, Talisman 2, Allies 3

Willpower: 6

Chapter Four: The Divisidero Safe House

Arete: 3
Quintessence: 2
Paradox: 4

Image: Cold. Inscrutable. He's seen some of the worst
things the supernatural world has to offer, and lived
through it. He appears to be in his early twenties, but his
blond hair is already turning white. Ice-blue eyes hide his
true emotions, and his stony face displays a composed
disposition. Notall his suits are black, but he has a strange
quirk about wearing boots instead of shoes. No one knows
why. He gets a slight facial tic when anyone dares to ask.

History: Biologically, Ivan and his "brothers" are
about three years old, grown in the EcoR Progenitor
facility (see Chapter One). One of the surviving units of
AT#4, "Ivan" is determined to stay alive. There are three
of his "line" left, and the rumors about what happened to
"Gene," #AT422 are troubling despite Ivan's dedication.

At this time, Ivan simply does his job, trying to
comprehend the appeal of San Francisco's chaos. People
flock here from all over, despite the dangers of earth-
quakes, crime and radical ideas. Ivan does not understand
why they do, but he has resigned himself to the vagaries of
human nature. His job is to protect the innocent.

Roleplaying Hints: Stay calm. Speak precisely. You
have a slight Ukrainian accent, and you get offended if
anyone calls you "Russian." You have a tendency to be a
little too loyal, to the point of repeatedly endangering
your life for the sake of your missions.

The Grounds

Four buildings on Divisidero Street currently act as a
front for one of the local safe houses. The buildings on
either side are residential; the two in the middle are for
"businesses."

Each unit is laid out as a simple three bedroom
apartment. There's a foyer in front, followed by a long
hallway. The hallway passes three doors, all on the left
hand side. Beyond that is a living room, and behind an
arch at the far end of the living room is a kitchen.

Building #1

Ground Floor: Nuclear Family

A family of four lives in this apartment. The family is
a group of sympathizers. The father works at a local radio
station, the mother is a substitute teacher and the kids go
to junior high. All four have been Processed, and as such,
do not count as witnesses for vulgar magick. The pa
are involved in minor operations at their places of em-
ployment. The eldest son is slowly working his way into a
local environmentalist group, and the daughter has started
playing roleplaying games with a group of local pagans she
suspects of being Acolytes.

ents,

Second Floor: Mission Support

This is the apartment of Roland Cassault and Sarah
McGregor. Roland has set up his room asa glorified study,
complete with a Trinary computer against one wall. Sarah
has turned the third bedroom into a production studio,
complete with an editing bay and various Watcher De-
vices (see Chapter Three). On the book video tapes
compete with history textbooks for space. The kitchen
has a high pile of dishes, and ten or fifteen empty TV
dinner boxes are usually stacked beside it (the folks aren't
known for their housekeeping). The living room is lit by
a single lava lamp.

Building #2

First Floor: Fotheringay and Carmichael Investiga-
tions

Two private investigators share office space here. Of
course, a lot of P.I. work is tedious, uninteresting and
repetitive. That's why the two agents here switch off.
While one handles the mundane side of the agency, the
other handles the paranormal cases, occasionally with the
support of other agents. A Gray Man's work is never done.

Second Floor: Atlas Accounting

The gentlemen who work here appear to lead a rather
drab life. The apartment has been converted into three
offices. The three employees show up in their dull gray
suits precisely at 9:00, leave for lunch at 11:55, return at
1:05 and leave at 5:00. Occasionally, one or two will need
to leave the office for a consultation, or all three may need
to stay late for a special project. No one really pays the
three accountants much attention.

The three Men in Black do not wear fedoras and
trench coats and do not arrive to work in a black luxury
sedan. Ivan, the head of the office, drives a Yugo, and the
other two agents carpool ina Toyota. The three agents are
on call in case emergency support is needed, and can also
act as security in the case of a raid. A few local mages
suspect that some of the local accountants and CPAs in
San Francisco may secretly be government agents work-
ing as part of an international conspiracy hiding a massive
secret society of Enlightened magicians, but oddly enough,
they seem reluctant to go to anyone with this information.


Wy ast

Building #3
Ground Floo
The owner of this school maintains a low overhead by

Sampson School of Languages

living in one of the bedrooms. The other two are equipped

with rows of chairs and desks. Each desk is equipped with

sortment of language cassettes. Two

instructors help to run the school from 9:00 to 5:00.

atape deck and an z

Ofcourse, some of the tapes are used to relay messages
to agents who stop by, and others are used as part of a
subliminal indoctrination program. The students of the
Sampson School have an extremely high learning curv
and some return again and again. Some also have a
tendency to look out for certain things, unwittingly send
checks to unusual addresses or wake up half-asleep in the
middle of the night to phone in "reports" to 1-800 num-
bers. Still, knowing a second language is useful in this day
and age, and despite what some may think, the five
students who are studying Esperanto really aren't wasting
their time.

Second Floor: Sprockets Productions

A group of Watcher sympathizers run their low bud-
get film and video company out of this apartment. The

four artists working there keep odd hours, but true art can
require an artist to put in long hours. So does monitoring
amanar station around the clock, monitoring local police
and fire calls, broadcasting piggy-backed subliminal mes-
sages on radio signals and manufacturing propaganda

films. Getting funding isn't as hard as it used to be.

Building #4

Ground Floor: Amalgam 17

Three Technomancers currently live here. Johnny
Yung isa Syndicate representative working as a courier for
the local Triads. His connections with the local protec-
tion racket also keep the commune safe. Mustafa is a
Rastafarian soccer player who's really an Iteration X
cyborg. He has a fierce rivalry with Ivan, especially after

Black Suit Unit#AT4 showed him upon a recent Chantry

raid. The leader of the team, Blake, is a Pharmacoepiast

trying to infiltrate the local Hollow Ones by getting in on
the local drug trade.

Second Floor: Vacant Apartment

This apartment is also vacant, awaiting the arrival of

another amalgam in the area. After the recent furor over

the Cataclysm, the Research Collective has decided to

increase the number of amalgams in the ar
Wanted: three Enlightened individuals to share 3BR, easy
to support staff, no smokers

access lt. procedural activities.
There are other apartments available nearby from
Sleeper landlords for extra amalgam members.

The job also entails occasional work on the Horizon...

Chapter Four: The Divisidero Safe House 67


nN
sc

The Northern
California Security
Collective

In geosynchronous orbit in a Horizon Realm above
the city of San Francisco, the headquarters for this region
are based in a station holding over eighty sympathizers
and Technocrats. The dominant Convention is the New
World Order, but the base also includesasmall Progenitor
lab staffed by one Research Director and two students,

ready-room for four HIT Marks, quarters for four cyborgs,
a business office for four Syndicate executives and a
monitoring station for four Void Engineers.

The Collective is under the direction of Intelligence
Analyst Daniel Smith. The Operative Methodology is well
represented here. Three to ten Gray Men are stationed here
at any time, ready for assignments in the field. Twenty Men
in Black, ranging from Enlightened agents to mindless con-
structs, are on standby. The immediate superior to Mr. Smith

is Catherine Salazar, a coolly efficient White Suit who visits
the station an average of three times a month.

Fifteen Servants of the Ivory Tower are here. The
station has an extensive database for storing information
of use to Operatives and Field Specialists, and security on
intra-Construct communications is especially high. Among
the resources here are a full Reality Programming station
capable of indoctrinating up to three mages at once,

administrative offices for the California region, extensive

computer systems to monitor activity in Silicon Valley,

68 Technocracy: New World Order

and de

ainment cells for up to seven mages or other
criminals. Classrooms are available for the occasional
visit by a Collegium representative.

The Watchers have several operations in progress
Ten surveillance specialists maintain manar overwatch
around the clock, three Gatekeepers determine policy for
the local media, and four technicians handle Correspon-
dence Jamming and vulgar extraction

No media production facilities are here, as there are
plenty of places for such activity in the city of San Francisco.

Other facilities include an arboretum, a bar, a gymna-
sium, acombinationaquariumand swimming pool, acafeteria,

two kosho courts and an observation deck. There's even a
docking station for a Void Engineer scout craft and a garage
for vehicles. Mr. Smith's most common complaint, however,
is that the station requires more resources. The construction

of a second Collective is in progress.

Reaching the Horizon

Collective

Accessingthe Collective isdone in one of two ways. The
first is by the principle of the Schroedinger Gateway (Chap-
ter Three). Each row house in the Construct has a garage on
the ground floor. Transporting criminals to the NorCal
Collective is a simple matter of driving a vehicle into the
garage and evoking the Shroedinger Effect.

The second method is by a Correspondence Portal in
the offices of Atlas Accounting. The portal is kept in a
closet in the back of the building. The portal, however,
will use a conjunctional Effect of Life to doa DNA scan


of anyone walking through it. It's highly selective about
who it lets in. The third method is dangerous: vulgar
extraction from the Collective itself

The Collective doesn't like agents to just "pop in." All
local agents know that an amalgam must have a damned
good reason to stop by. The Collective also has the option of
jamming any means of entering the station, and will cut off
an amalgam from the Construct if they're worried about
compromising its Security. They will try to identify any
prospective visitors before letting them in. Any door has two

sides; better to lose an amalgam than to lose a whole station

Cell Structure

It should be noted that most of the

ents on the front

lines don't need to go to the Horizon Realm very often, or
even know how toget there, for that matter. Remember, there
are a lot of sympathizers who don't realize they're working for
the Technocracy, or even that they're Enlightened!

Many field agents are organized into what is known as
"cell structure"... for their own safety, of course. A cell will
typically only have contact with one or two other cells. An
amalgam will usually only be assigned to work with one or
two other amalgams. Ifa Man in Black, a sympathizer, or any
other low-ranking field agent is captured, the most he can
usually reveal is the name of his immediate contact and a few
meeting places. Ifa Horizon Construct seems a little wary of
granting admittance to an agent who decides to pop into the
Collective with four or five new friends, the enemy agents
really shouldn't be surprised,

Moreover, some agents actually dread going to the
Horizon. It's easier for their masters to observe them there,
there's actually less freedom than on the front lines, and
there's always the chance of being subjected to "further
training." This distrust that slowly builds between field
agents and their isolated masters makes for a growing

schism within the Technocracy

Life on the
Horizon

The citizens bold enough to live on the

edge of the future know the qualities that
breed strength and vision. Life on the Horizon
isa model of the society tocome, and the New
World Order has orchestrated a society that
reflects the optimism and energy of a bright
new tomorrow. Trust me, the future is a won-
derful place! Agents who visit the Horizon

will see dynamism in action.

Brilliance

Agents will meet the visionaries who guide the fu-
ture. The Horizon is home to scientists who know they can
pursue pure research in an Enlightened environment. A

Chapter Four: The Divisidero Safe House

69


Horizon Construct will often contain academic
havens, and academics are used to living in eco-
nomical dormitories and fraternities for the sake
of maximizing resources. They must occasionally
sacrifice for knowledge, but such is the way of the
pioneer! Each lecture administered by these en-
thusiastic tutors is a chance to learn.

Operatives can also participate in the scien-
tific process by volunteering to test Talismans in
the field. Admittedly, some Analysts don't like
gadgetry in espionage and don't trust the men and
women who inventsuch gadgets, comparing their
beliefs to those of the Sons of Ether. Doubt,
however, is the watchword of failure!

On the Edge of Eternity...

At the boundaries of the Deep Universe, on
the edge of tomorrow, and fully armed to meet
any possible threat from the depths of space, the
citizens on the Horizon welcome visitors from the
front lines. No doubt when a soldier is ready to
retire, she'll gladly take the opportunity to settle
into a safe and prosperous life ina Horizon Con-
struct. Prepare yourself to abandon the danger
and chaos of the world below, for life on the edge
of eternity is chance to embrace the future.

Show your trust. Show your courage. The
future is yours for the taking.

a PET TR


Newlife — A life spent in service to the Technoc-
racy, when an individual realizes the place he or she has in
society.

Oldlife — Life before recruitment, a selfish life in
which one does not realize how dangerous the world can
he.

Order of Reason — The infant Technocracy, which
spread its influence across the globe from approximately
1325 to the 1890s, when a massive reorganization rechris-
tened the group "The Technocracy." Sometimes referred
The Order of Things" in the Victorian era.

to
Paradox — (1) A manifestation of humanity's hatred
and fear of those who threaten their safety by altering
reality; (2) Reality's resistance to the science of making
the impossible possible.
Procedure — Techniques of altering reality; what
Traditionalists call "totes" and "spells."

Processing — Influencing consensual reality; what
Traditionalists call "technomagick."

Processed — Describes a Traditionalist whose para-
digm no longer threatens static reality, or a Sleeper or
sympathizer who has been conditioned to be loyal to the
Technocracy,

Reality Criminal — One who has threatened hu-
manity by reshaping Reality.

Reality Deviant — One who reshapes Reality con-
trary to the consensus and desires of humanity; a threat to
the stability of Reality.

Reality Programmer — A Technomancer skilled in
altering an individual's perception of reality.

Safe House — A base of operations on the front lines
used by the New World Order.

Shroud — A spiritual barrier used to protect human-
ity from the ghosts of the dead and defeat a spiritual
paradigm wherein the dead may control the living.

Sleepteaching — A method of teaching someone
who is asleep, usually through subliminal broadcast or
induced dreaming.

Social Conditioning — A Mind-influenced proce-
dure used to shape loyalty and trust.

Sympathizer — An unEnlightened ally of the Tech-
nocracy, oranally who does not realize she is Enlightened.

Technocracy — (1) A society ruled by the techno-
logically adept; (2) the process of altering ethical beliefs to
serve the convenience of a Technocracy; (3) the proper
name for the modern form of the Order of Reason.

Recommended Indoctrination
Fiction
© George Orwell, 1984 — Yes, you read it in high
school, but how much do you remember?
© Ayn Rand, We and Anthem — A model of collec-
tivist dystopic fiction.

Anthony Burgess, Clockwork Orange — A celluloid
example of technology destroying humanity.

© The Collected Stories of Phillip K. Dick— Phil Dick
has some wonderful examples of plots designed to induce
paranoia and general skepticism about the nature of
reality.

© Robert Anton Wilson, The Illuminatus Trilogy —
An illustration of how an outsider can slowly discover an
ever-expanding conspiracy.

* John LeCarre, The Spy Who Came in from the Cold
— A great treatment of the dehumanizing side of espio-
nage.

Nonfiction

© The Cuckoo's Egg by Clifford Stohl — This makes
a good general introduction to the principles of computer
security.

* Holy Blood, Holy Grail by Michael Baigent — A
ponderous read, but a good demonstration of conspirato-
tial history.

A History of Secret Societies by Arkon Daraul — This
one has a rather good history of the Templars, as well as a
good treatment of secret societies in general.

© The CIA by Graham Yost — Numerous tales of
American counterinsurgency.

Other Game Sourcebooks

© Paranoia by Greg Kostikyan and West End Games
— For when your Technocracy game gets too serious.

© GURPS Prisoner and GURPS Espionage — The
former because it summarizes the series, and the latter for
its in-depth treatment of Sleeper espionage.

© Nephelim, by Fédéric Weil and Fabrice Lamidey,
licensed and redone by Chaosium — Complete with
details on secret societies, including the Templars.

Films

© Brazil — One of the definitive New World Order
films.

* Closetland — A chilling and all-too-realistic look
at kidnapping and interrogation in the name of the State.

Also consider these: Sneakers, La Femme Nikita (re-
made as Point of No Return.; see the original — it's much
better), the James Bond films, Falcon and the Snowman, In
The Line of Fire, 1984 (both versions), The Osterman
Weekend, Manufacturing Consent, and, of course, They
Live.

Television

© The X-Files — Why, no, they aren't sympathi
Why do you ask?

© The Prisoner — Far and away the best source of
inspiration for a Technocracy campaign, as well as a
model for mindscaping adventures.

Also consider these: Max Headroom and Masumune
Shirow's Black Magic M-66.

Coming in May from White Wolf Game Studio
Eccentric scholars, or visionary mystics?
Harmless seekers of ancient lore, or delvers into forbidden mysteries?
Whovare the detectives of thetrcanum and what fe they seek?
Wherever the werewolf howls, the demon corrupts or the vampire feeds,
there the Anon can be be pun
its members are ae reamers, hil losophers
—anyone who has seen lyon the el veil.
With their hidden motivations, they remain an enigma.
The Arcanum has ea to teach the World of Dates
. and much to learn.

he?

Halls of the pee explores the history, beliefs, methods and s ns of mortals whdel
probe secrets that are often etter ereemmeielilt tld
: Rules for creating Arcanum charaeters and Ways to use them in chronicles.

* Ready-to-use templates for players and Storytellers, and a chapter house of this elusive ges 3

® History, motivations, factions, secrets and more.

, OO
one


TECHNOCRACY®

DO NOT READ THIS BOOK!

The dreaded Men in Black dog the steps of Tradition mages, kidnapping,
interrogating, converting or removing any threat to the Greater Good.
While the clumsy cyborgs of Iteration X blast their targets to atoms, the

N.W.O. cuts down their enemies quietly and efficiently.

POSSESSION IS FORBIDDEN!

Technocracy: New World Order follows the methods, agents and history
of this subtle Convention with an insider's perspective and host of tidbits
for the Mage Storyteller. From paranoia to subversion, from mindwipes to
betrayal, no tool is ignored. A safe reality, after all, is worth any price.

HAVE A NICE DAY.
Technocracy: New World Order includes:
© "Official" data: the lessons and observations of a Man in Black.

© Ready-to-use gadgets, agents, magickal "procedures" and a safehouse base.
© Tactics, Methodologies, and a labyrinthine glimpse into the Technocratic
puppeteers.

Suite 100
780 PARK NORTH BLY
CuuRKSTON, GA 30021

Game STUDIO

ISBN 1-56504-423-1
WW 4203 $10.00

ir
