# File: Necropolis - Atlanta.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Regional Sourcebook for
Wrath: The Oblivion",





‘Additional Material by: Jennifer Hartshorn and Shawn Carter
Developed by:

Jennifer Hartshorn
vmmers and Roberr Horch
¢ Thomas

B Timbrook
Front Cover Art: BROM

Front and Back Cover Design: Robert Dixon
R Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLYD.
7 NTN, CA 30083

GAME STUDIO

©1994 by White Woll, AU rights teserved. Kepro=
duction without written permission of the publisher is
expresly denied, except forthe purpose of reviews. Wi
the Oblivion, Wraith Storyteller's Seren, Wraith Pla
ery Kit, Necropolis: Atlanta, Vampire: the Masquerade,
Werewolf: the Apocalypee, ind Mage: the Ascension are
trademarks

The me

‘Oh Soon "Buns on my Head?" Shropshire, for refusing
to ploy Chun-Li

Keith "Stab Your Buddy!" Winkler, eaching us how to
escape from sharks.

Danny "Clint" Landers, for keeping his trigger finger
under controf in Wisconsin.

Rebecca "Jyhad Poster Child" Schaefer, for having her
face in all the best decks

eli ne ana Hse" asm fe ct bei ne
eliever.

Loavie "You're Not My Mom!" Locklear, for her ere+
ative citronetla gritking techniques.

Mike "Carmen SanDiego" Chaney
(s this gays house!

Aaron "The Cleaner" Voss, for "taking
femmes in the warehouse.

Jim "Disclaimer"Townsend, for not being ths
White Wolf online reps

Brad "Bevis and" Butkovitch, for learning that being.»
receptionist can be COOL!

R. Christian "This is an Ex-Pigeon!" Naberhause, for
cs with the dend pigcon head from Chicago.

Author's Dedications

Sam Chup

To Brenda Stiles, Kiesten Kelley, and Stephanie Ricard,
my three ¥ es for inspiration and great joy in "Ate
tanta by Ni

James A. Moore:
To my wife Bonnie, forall the usual reasons ti

are if the

"official"

his


ter One: introduction
fet Two: history
apter Three: Geography
hapter Four: The Hierarchy
ter Five: The Hertis
ter Si: The Renegades
apter Seven: The Outsiders
Append Atlanta by Night

Ss S

Ss =

enonaoagaoaa as




Francis C, Lawley, London. Times
reporter, 1861



ave Railronders (a secret geoup who runs an Lindergeound
Railroad for the Restless Dead) to protect the newly-Dead
an-Americans from experiencing the slavery: theie
foreparents lived — the slavery of Thralldom to the Hierar-
chy

Atlanta ata Glance

Population: 2.8 Million

Climate: Hot and rainy in the summer, cold and rainy in
the fall, cold and rainy m the winter, hot and brcesy in the
spring

Police: The police of Adanta like to portray themselves
w extremely tough on such crimes as DUI, drug trafficking
and homicide, and én fact they have special DU! and Drag
Task Force units, Although it ts dificult to point to an overall
trend, che police are largely discriminatory. A black man walk
ing alone in a white neighborhood is more likely to he stopped
than » white man walking alone ina black neighborhood. Sil,
the city prides itelf on ity capid processing of criminals into
the justice system, Cercainly the city jail facilities are much
nicer nnd newer than similar factiies only a-comnty or two

Fire: Because of the predilection Atlanta seems to have
for fie, there ane now quite a number of adequate fire safety
Professionals paid forby the city, Atlanta responds to fire with,
8 seriousness that many cities lack. Often even a minor blaze
will be reported by T

Local Media: Atlanta has seven focal television stations
the ‘Big Three' networks plus a Fox affiliate, an independent
and two serving PBS. Atlanta is ala the hub of Ted Turner's
intwenatianal hroadeatting empire with CNN headquartees
PY located in downtown Aélanta, ln addition, the ety hosts the

Alanta Joemal-Cemseeution, Atlanta Magaine anal a free weekly
newspaper called Creative Loafing which in famous for {tx per

Culture: Adana hus a Io

symphony, opera company,
let company, many theater companies and several folk-canc-
oups. The High Museum of Arr is an awesome gallery
hosts prestigious traveling art shows like the China ex-
f)hibie and the Andy Wathol exhibit. A very vocal multicultural
movement pervades the city as well, from the traditional to
thve modern, from rap to ancient African tribal at.

Beams Ach ane, uygong
fom coffechousesand poetry to pounding goth- industrial rock
athe local cluby or just hanging out at Lule Five Point
Whatever your tastes, there's always something to be found.
Creative Loafing curries the weekly listings forall music mov

and entertainment as well av listing the many organiza
tions that have chapters in the Atlanta area.

tiglec mente in mater

Conventions: Acianta is convention bub. Itisnoc merely
vinistence cha ic bas playesd host to the Democraric National
"onvention, the Super Bowl and will host the Suramer Oly

pics in 1996. There are a huge number of hotel ro
ity anal hundreds of thousands of square feet of meetiny space
MARTA assures delegates easy transport, even out tu the att-

port, and there are more restaurants tn dhe downtown ate3
alone th jonably explored i les chan a week

Business: Many majo corporations hive stellite cr home
oifices in Atlanta. IBM, Apple, Siemens and Delta te just 9
fow In addition, Arian he music video
# Hollywood, and many recording studios now send
ids to Atlanta to get their video made

The Shroud

The Shroud in Atlanca is particularly strong in most areas
(usually 9 or 10), although you will find that most Arlantans
believe, atleast in theory, in ghosts, Several Atlanta fatnli
share their homes with ghosts, usually a Drone or family guard
fan' wraith, although they arc rarely aware of this, The general
demeanor of the city is
involved.

Traveling To and Around Afanta

Rod Tr

ik slowly becotnt

ispicious curiosity when ghosts ure

santa tc moet easily reached vis intertate
routes 75, 85 and 20. While 75 and 85
forman X across Athunta, joining t
as cne road to bisect the city along a noth
south ass, Route 20 runs through the city
ing east-west, Atlanta is also serview
by several interstate bus services

thet

Air Travel
Air transportation is serviced hy the Hartsfield Interna.
tional Airport, one of the largest aigports in the world. The

Hierarchy maintains a close watch ow all traffic coming in and
‘out of the city via Hartsfield

Rall Travel

(Cnce a great il hub, Attanri js still n popular Amtrak
destination. Many wraiths teach Atlanta by hopping a ride ur
‘ome of the many Amtrak trains that service ¢ each day.

As‘one of the first stops serveil by che Midnight Expees,
there has heen a long-standing association with the railway in
the Shadowlands as well. Once a major shippins depot for
trains going to Stygia, Atlanta no longer maintains strong ead
fing ties with Stygia. As the relationship was based pi
around trading captured wraiths (many of thein also claimed


Getting Around Atlanta

Busses and Trains



Ye shall hea of wars a
troubled: for al deze things
Holy Bible, Exodus 15:3

cope have always been ateracted te the
bend in the Chattahoochee River where
¢ and

som. Long before the Europeans ar-
rived, the Creek tribe had  vilge called
Standing Peachtree theee: The land was
beautiful, well-foresced with pi

f wildflowers each spring. This was a
place of peace swhete the generous Piedaone lands provided
¢gume, the Chattahoochee provided fish fertile soil and trans:
portation. The lands of spirit were in accord with the living.
world

| Adanta would eventually take «

ines and

filled with thouvands

Latring the time betote its colonization by the Europeans

would become the state of Georgia was,
h America, part of the Pure Lands. The
life were not as far apart in those days as
n seemed to be a quelled threat. The
¢ and driven back many years age
ed neross the Bering land be

Darkness had been fou
when the P

Then the Europeans came co the Pure Land, b
them the shadow of death. i
‘outposts and seecer

ing with,
they advanced, explored, made
ints and conquered the land, the indig.
e lands of the dea lands

enous Americans rea

rng. and the spirit wotld were being split apart, sepa
other irrevocably by a thick
re Ones found difficult to

spitit-skin that

jerce. Many cou
out this curtain of night that fell crows their
neatly everyone blamed the pile
bringing it with them. Indeed, with the spreading of colonies
of Europeans, the Shrou! grew thicker as the Shadowlands
became muddied with the power of Oblivion,

the Europeans came the Hierarchy: Chiron
1d to expand his area of influence into this new world.

ntl now, had beer

Fess accompanied these initial expeditions, Skinridiy
ers and stowing away in cargo holds. Ie wasn't
(Charon sent Legions to America

ies of the Restless Dea
ats. Everywhere these k
infancy. And every

Stygia and the Sty

ect the Restless there

the European
it they left outpoie
fe they went, the

Citadels in the
ved mone land fo

ywed the Hierarchy into the
merly pure place, They navigated

through the Tempe
two temible Mal

est beneath the



A Crossroads

b

ld Kimball F

Secession & The Civil War


to find sate tly state
to the cultural
ge of that land would be permitted to go, far the Hie

chy feared that week wo travel
Dark Kin
Theee followed

ives of both Stye

wever, thar oaly di

many Western wraiths woul

tain x the [vary Queen hel
under their jurisdiceicm, whi

ally strony thu eiey hod

while resident in thei a

nthe Anaerean of Fate for ajudicat
it was decided that each inctividual would he given the opp
tuntey © rhe ot dhe w ry 4 ce

sentative to) any other Dark Kingdom.

Fora time, the Southern
Yankee Dead. A few Helllioun:
kee Dead directly

livion with duristee! weapons. The
nd swiftly repr

inded by some of the
dhs in the local Hiemarehy, Several Hellhound Pav
trols found themselves in chains und on their way to Stygia r
ind Pateols slipped
ude
ne mass of the dead, Mam
fo its medical facil
x Although the Hierarchy
denied its involvement, there were « number of smiling Re
ers around in chove days, happy to take their dread crop t
Citadel 10 be shipped ou

Jn the Living World, Atlanen became ef objucrt
of the Northern irmy. This wns because Atlanta was a major
supply center, industrial complex and medical center. Athint

Suyuchietis wraith w

chy and became Ren

portant grey flannel

Inajor rail hub and therefore wn

ible ta get these
front lines 10 keep the advance unit

make Atlanta his objective

Union General Ulysses, Grant orden

inst General Joseph E. Johnston's armny in Ge
erman's army of 10
ed, were to advunce i

men, well-armed and well-s
Johnston's army of
armament and supplies hud begun to feel the

% industrial weakne
President Jefferson Day
mold not b

Then Johnston informed

id nga

al John Bell Hoc
Sherman rejoiced at the news. He knew that the Coni

erate troops defendiag Atlanta would be demoralized by thi


Helhound Patrols

id, Sherman,
nnta. His troops advanced ©

" Keconstruction
He

The Civil War had w
Shadowlands as it had in. the
batele In the orreet


city. These served the Hie

remnacists who ela

ied African-Americans. Alongside the Klan
nown as the Sons of the

fellhiound Pa

a with the Hie he war. The
w in power me during Recon:

ction, Wit they were not to hecome truly powerful unt

Jacks there came
bent known as the
alice, the Rail
of information
und Rat

uth

er tain wrecks, was maintained under the w

rymen, The train would arrive
i che Mcetay souls to safe be

Alter the Great War, th
being called the Skinlund
weaiths) became

prosperity brought on by the
prevalent, and the South

labor moveinent as the North T

aise Five Coan ed, ripe (or causing death and injury among worke

untegu

armed as
(che stuff of weaiths), atu! ic wo

The waves of destruction i
Great War hud finally reaches

odin) Europe d

Dead, In response, the Tempest helched forth the Fourth Grea

Moaclscrom. This Maelstrom was parricularly dark: ite


huddled

Ge With the Wind

the viaducts. It was no coincidence th: By the time the "304 were drawing toa close, the Micear-

aunts hidde

fark ti wo on the hy of Atlanta hud established a secondary Citadel in Grant
P built over the site of the old Canfed:
than ar ate Fore K, and a third smaller Citadel over Leger' Hill, whi
wr WO later became known as Leget's Hell, The Metnoriam they we
f bean receiving ftom the entire nation, perhaps the ch
Haunt so great that they begin ty refuse shipments of soulfive ron
poli the Hierarchy. They had energy to spare

Ned thers
Fire Company #0" in ceferens

me With the Wi
Fh work hundling the poor thousar

32s, when chiklren no ing chrough the Litewebs of all th
to get up early itv che morning to with a new intensity
mall to their jobs, often the only source of income for their

ed them out

a the vicinity of Stane Mountain where they hi
wes they had discovered just helow the surfice of

{burg Europe, the Hier

ais ana the he
they called Pi
Hondo hair anc

Th

pectresscemed to he somewhat quiescent. They
ind Nihily as touch ae they usually
of Adanta wasstill... No wuld know
nt prelude to 9 terrible ereseend

The Mother ofall storms

Augsat 6 es after the preat rel fires

of the fa States dropped an atom:
bomb on Hiroshima. Those ere nn that Q
time heard the great Malfean beneath the city augh, @

a mind-iuan

ind thu came floating up fr

Uke the frst stzrinysof an earthajuake. When the second

was dropped on Nagasaki a short time late, the Tempest itself
lit up with fire froun the depts

Soon, to soon after thar, the Grand Maelstrom hut the

Shadow!

The wraiths of Atlanta cnissed the cetebeat
the end of the war as the

their fragile existences. The M


through Atlanta at hurricane force, bringing with it waves upon
‘Waves of fire-ain that fell ip sheets. Foul things resembling,
writhing taloned red snakes dropped from the dar sky like
Bran, being and clawing. Weaiths that did riot seck shelve were
Jefe with scar and lines on their bodies char the Masquers could
ot h Doppelganger crooned their dark song to
‘wraiths caught alone and embraced many invo their foul broth-
B echood during those days
The cloud of distrust boiled up over the city, and almost
everyone suspected everyone else af being involved in betray
an t Spectres. Loners and those who did not regularly
visit y Paedoner were aaong the firsrte come under suspicion.
ane Circles stationes a Pardener at the door to theit Haunts
to check everyone who cnme in,

‘Also during the 50s, racial tension in the Skinlands grew to
pwr cme high There hed been lawesin Atlanta governing where
Arcan-Amuricans could st, eat oroherwise congregate ever since
the end of he Civil War Shorty ater he Fith Great Macltroen,
woys of the Queen of the Dark Kingdom of lvoryurrived atthe
‘Termnitnus Citadel. The envoys asked to speak to the Anakteons
and informe them thatthe Ivory Queen expected full ud eom-
plete dischowire and access to the dead Children of Africa in Ac
Janta, Furthermore, the envoys went ony the Hierarchy in Styia
tel agreed thar they would be responsible for providing a Haunt
foc the Queen to he quartered, and Harbingers and
Rocher support personne! were to be made nvailuble to them,

‘When the Harbinger arived from Srygla bearing the word
that Charon had been lost, the Hierarchy of Atlanta immedt-
reacted. Several key members of the Hierarchy had been
tured by covert operatives of the Sons of the Dragon. With:
cut the guiding hund of Stygia in thei local politics, the
Dragon'Sonsifseised that the time was ripe to launch the po-
rom they hixl sted after for many yess,

Several ofthe Anacteons of Atlant immediately demanded
thac the local militia be called up (the freewmathe ofthe area who
tod been so eo serve in times of need) and that something be
done nbout the Spectres of the city, Through a carefully contrived
tuum of events, the Sons ofthe Dragon manage! to convince the
Anacreons that the erwoys of the Ivory Queen na the foul Her
Hct banal kno a the Raifronders were in leaie with the Spec

tres and aiding chem somchow, Certainty in the early ‘60s, the
civil rights movement was ample proof to the short-sighted
rayor-Sons thar the Ivory Queen's envoys were instigating. a
euler Atlant and eewhere
li 1968, Mar
Riy. The

Eas

Cait Sapa ye

‘overnight, an wngry mob uf wraiths gathered, swelled by Confed-
cerate Prone from Oakland Cemetery, and a witeh hunt ensued
Asniots broke out ammongthe black communitiesall over the coun

try the white supremacists cle i reatest victory inthe
Shadowlands Horghests sniffed out as many a8 twenty Renegade
Railroad before that night of fear wascwer. They were wrapped
in glowing-hor hars that resembled S

off to Stymia for sentencing. The Envays ofthe Ivory Queen were
discovered later, murdered by the Sons of the Imperial Dragon.
The following day, the Anacceon of Justice apypeared be
fore an emergency session of the Hierarchy's main assembly in
the great hall of the Georgia legislature and announced thar
he had discovered a secree Renegade plot to undermine the
government ofthe Necropolis: His announcement would have
most likely been met with the bicter glint of darksteel had he
not then revealed the Stygian Inquisitor known only as The
Knick-Knack Man, for the wraith did not give his true nasne
For several days the Knick-Knack Man worked his way
through a erond of suspected Renegades. He kepe a bag with hin
as he worked. His powers of Mollate were so potent that he was
able to wery carefully define how much of a wraith's Corpis he
sea removing at any particular time. He would walk down a line
‘of wriths with hs bag and by the time he was finished, he had a
bag full of fingers, eyes, genitalia and the like. No one knew what
he did with these gruesome keepsakes, although a few chev
(not ro hismask) tharhehad one hell ofa coffe table someplace.
‘The Renegades so rooted out were capped in chains and
‘iciculed publicly for several days. Then without further aso, they
were given over to co powerful-locking wamior: from the Dark
Kingdom of Ivory, und they were never seen of head fre agus

oder Times

‘After the debacle in 68, Stygia demanded that the Hier
itchy of Atlanta take a census of the wraiths extant and pn
vide them with exacting knowledge of how thetr soul-collect-
ing operations went. Fora time, the Legion of Justice kept
envoys checking up on the Necropolis on an almost monthly
boasts. As the 60s drew to a close, a new breed of wraith beyan
to emerge from the hopeless Dead of that era, expecially from
the Restless Dead of the Vietnam Wat.

Wastrels, vagabonds and scoundrels as they were branded
by the Hierarchy, began to clog up the st
Shadowlands. They were wraiths with nothing better ty do
than to serve their own interests and try to avoid getting en-
tangled with any of the power groups. The Hierarchy was uns
sure of what to do with these lasigard-spirits who tefused t0
collect souls but never atked for soulfire. The hard-working
and practical Hietntchy wraiths never undetstood hew they
could be so lazy and still continue to exis.

‘The Wastrels made their way through Atkinta in survived
because of the many places to parcy in the city and the enniing
wild times. The Sexual Revolution was securing, and the local
colleges and univenities were comucopias of hedonistic delights,

‘The Hierarchy tried to regulate these wraiths, but they
frankly just didn't need the Sons af Seygio's help. As for the
‘analler Maelstroms that hued through the Shadowlands now
snl again, the Wastrels were content enous to either be lost
inthe starms or huddle in tiny Haunts that no one else wanted





oth
carolina

Southeastern
North
America

Unauthe
 Haunt-creation) ean result in


th
rib

fy more than wi
fick to the street) afterward

Wikon Butcher Shop: Haint «(Roo is

Haunt

n from Richmond whe
vit to M


bball machine where thete are pasengers placed within the pin-
ball inelf) are quiescent and relatively sound, even after 20

e. Although moetal curity is very tight at the
thse of the escalator, na one ever patrols the World ise, even,
though several security guards have conplaiied that they have

hve gh n the merry-go-round and che pinball ma-
reflected off of the flar black glass thee forms CNN.
Centers root. Wraiths heavily contest this area, especially
Y Renegades who get » thrill at entering Hicrarchy-controlled
territcity in order to have fury on the rules, and there have been
afew destructive fights between rival factions (or herween two
‘separate wraiths who wanted to go first on the pinball ride).
For i lang time, an Artificer by the name of Billy (no one was
B ever sure if he was the Billy) kept the park running. He has
7 been raken away by the Hierarchy after he began preach.
Bing that Transcendence could be reached through riding his
B machines, and he has never heen heard from again.
The only other interesting feazure alot CNN Center ie
that the movie theater here runs (al
Gone With the W
that GWTW be played, the Ponce de Leon Ladies Haunting
Society has made a monthly pilgrimage to watch the movie

R for ay many showings as they cxn stand it, For this reason, a
mortal going toa lnte-afternoon

owing might hear a couple
cf sniffs o¢ sighs from the balcony. even when there seems to
be noone there. God help » man if he looks like Rhete Butler.

Five Points Station

Built over the ancient railroad t
was the hubvof Atkanta's nuilronds, the Five Points MART
station hay many levels and floors reaching from street !e
several stories helew grevmad. Five P the Cirndel fev the:
local Hierarchy. Inv the Shadowlands, Five Points ts incredibly.
well-armed and armored with regular patrols monitoring all of
the entrances into the station, The nice thing about the deep-
cst lovele of the starion x thar light rarely penetra
down and, even during the day, a weaieh ean ten
wandering here und there

The Hierarchy maintains several relic city vehicles it has
converted into "souled" vehicles. The main Hierarchy enclave
within the station fs lacated deep henenth the station und 4
accessible by one set of stairs on the loweut level, What war
once used is # storage warehouse underneath the station dur

that far

and virtually erie in als who work
the station, A wraith with Pandemonium or Puppetry ial
ways on duty here to prevent morals from penetrating into
the center af the Citadel here

Harbingers regularly make the tip berween the Five Poinn
‘Station andl the 6th floor of the Capitol, ferrying Hierarchy:


Jrek (heneath the five Points Station) Haunt wv the Midnight Express have started to request that the train

stop briefly in Decatur ar the Avondale MARTA station be
When the MARTA wa wlerm subway sys- fore continuing on in to Atlanta. Since rarchy eanno

fim unxlereath the d

Fitel vice 10 bloat ‘particularly tough section of good chance thar non-Hierarchy wraiths can escape by using

ferock co no avail. Several geologists were brought in to ex- the Decatur departure point Larely, a regular sentry and a Mi

vine the stone and enuld find nothing weory with i Dema- enurchy Harbin mn posted at the Avaruale station

lions experts fev as far away ns Oren and New York were set to warn the Hierarchy of any major force diseenbarking

all of granite. there

voir of rock was simply The Hell Horse: T

The explosives needed ro ally erain engine at all. tr dof powerful Spe

6, So the engineers creature, perhaps w lesser Malfean, t plagues

ated Track @6A, a shore the rail lines around Atlanta and Five Points
sock Stat

ii he
1s itv the late 1970s;

predict where the train will show up in these cases, there isa

doen in to examine the unytekd

wit the rest of Tunnel

dhunges course a litle and thus ere
pet

en after the plan Z
Larson Heivlte became g of railroad tracks (n the area. The train moves with an inered

ck down. After consulting several Freema: ible speed and always leaves the tracks in the Shadowlands
mystical qualities of sich stone with harrow-flame; Supposedly the Hell Hone haus been
ble and granite), he decided to enact an anctent nents in the Atlanta area. It will often
Monk: ritual that he had discovered tn a book in the At equipment failutes in it

linia Public Library, Me dnove out to Seuth Georgia afd bought cs the hell our ofa morn
a beoutful white lanl with 1 mark or blemish, less than a ezine.
yeurold. Taking the limbwidh his into the tunnelsafrer hours ‘Dastingg Operation: Labyrinth (see

scrifieéd the poor animal and the Hell Horse war used to help deploy
vckwith iteblogd. Lanien tight into the midst of Hierarchy-controlled
hha, overtime, aecurtulaced enough pieces of plastique to fash- that the famous "Bulldog Squadron," a C
ios « shopod change to mateh the Bloody runes He stood at wraiths, attacked the Hell H
umbed the detonator viding the foul thing. into th
ied on hin, iostantly killing hina. darksteel swords and spe
Now hisspirit haunts tht placeat the berdtberacen tmck=5and The Hell Horse ap
fess, his sprsed look, in the shadows of a passing train monster in the shape of u steam locomotive engine. The very
Inthe Shadowlands, the Nibil so created by Hewite' ritual spfearance of this locomotive, with or without
snldestruction mean thar Seygian trains (and the famed Mid- behind it, isa cause for major alarm among the Hierarchy.

Although Atlanta didn't become the st of Geo

Tain Tlic in five Pits tion a Sle

one central location), the capical wns m« ata

thes no one would see hit
Jpinted Masortic runes on the I

Uirvcely and were lace ceen

the far end of Tunnel #6 aru

nto its tough, warty hide

The entire tunsel cx

=ats.281 foul recteaticm of» train don
Tock lke « geim, sailing

ted onro ack #5 or trick =5B, a lirgely unused mainte
x put

The only mortal train traffic s the MARTA train here,
The Midnight Express: A ghost train that and ie
dé the Shadowline, the Midnight Express arrives every nigh ide (gold enine in Da

at Ld. No one knows fi Georgia town famous for its gold-panning).
ute how the Midnight Express appears in every major city
lus time zone ut exactly midnight, but itis known char building as the population of Georgia began,
Azcancs that enable them to guide the powerful train, During — teferendum to finance an additional two f
ys doubled, and many Hierarchy offi
niarby to watch the train. Becauye of this, many travelers an

oon ty trek across the w

In the 1970s, office apace became scarce

Sar Ae the huilding itvelf. These flooes were immstelietely and cate

archy pe ,
sare often Cully Constructed so thot chey did not fart the mus part of
the building, They were "tacked on" to both sides of the nus


Scifek Museum (Haunt «)

SeiTeek Museum isu yery strange place for
pildren aw filled with int
‘gl

Wess


skienee seers Perhaps this is bec

wonder at, nor ci

s2caurage the children
opr it has something codo with the basement whete not even
smiths ba able to penetrate. There are no Spectres
J museum in the Tempest. They avoid
atchy has made the museum a place that i of
bur they de not patrol the area specifically t
mh those who might break this rule. Those foolish enough
gowith the blesatrygs of supidity. Wraiths who watch the mu
se know tha fom time to time, a little elderly mortal woman
wearing granmy-ghisses and a white lab coat emerges from the
bueinent rooms, locks the doar behind her und goes out into
the ety. She comes back bearing many strange components
and objccrs from supply houses and other stores and disappears
gun for weeks. She docs not emerge for food o¢ water oF to go
fohet home. She does not seem to be anything special or
eracural. Indeed, nally ewerges to give lectures
im the nacure of magnetism, electricity and especially things
lite quinum mechanics and chaos theory
Jack Milton, an Artifice, tells a story where he tried to
feoetrite the good doctor's laboratory security by Inhabieing
the door and coming out the other side. He found himself
Gough in some kind of strange electrical field and shunted
foto vacuum rube. The kindly old woman stniled like «rand
inother whowe favorite urandchild had just atrempred co steal
‘cookie from the cookie jut. She took the vacuum tube
fide other lab and broke it against a wall, setting bina fres. She
tamed him (nor to his face, bu our loud) that he wnd his kind
iid her Lab as euch a pensible, that ie just
Je, Since then, no one hus aterapeed £0
fem to the goed doctor' lab, and Jack refuses to talk about
whic he sw while he was there

(alland Cemetery (Haunt *)

Before Oakland Cemetery was a cer
fovnd for fallen Crock warriors, Ou top of the graves of these
Fine Ones, the C cemetery wak built in 1850. For 34
Years twas the cmly-cemerery in the city: After the fall of
Aslanta, the Yankees dragged the bodies
‘tof their mausoleums ind replaced them with Northern
dead thus cousing the terrible atmosphete of war anst conlict
continue on forever within the cemetery. In the
Shadowlunds, Oakland has become a shadowy reflection of

a grily of ull of Atlanta's problems

is, the Will-ess spi
‘piival population of Oakland, These Drones
the Civil War period from the Battle of Ath
fhindteds of Yankee and Confedes
the cemetery by unconscious

iewnsa burial

‘Confederate dead

ts of the fallen, make up the

e stl fom
a Thete are
ce Drones here, drawn to
it. Every night in Oaklund,

Every night chey

fi
horror of the Civil War, If
listen, you can bi
battle. Iris dangerc
nigh

ox stand in the Shastowla

them even when you're far away fron the

to walk among th
for you never know when a gh

ieraves of Onlin at
tly bullet will ricoche
generally very low o
weapons enough 1
hey just engage each

ver with bayonets aff
The properly consecrated Jewish section of the cemetery
her markedly peaceful zone among all the fighting,
although on young punks and eet them
to defice the Jewish graves. The warring Drones will not enter
that yection of the cemetery, and it iy said that angelic beings
are often se ing up out of the Tempest be

often skin

heen

There have been times when the Hierarchy ha
able to employ the Drones here tn theit avin bactle
the Spectres of the city. Iris a simple matter co entploy several
Chanteurs (0 enraye the Drones and cause the
ery night. Not only do they represent the
lence at the heart of the city' birth, they
of it. Wraiths wande
night can expect 69 be called
openly, depending on whar they look like
‘The only night chat th

tery is the

‘out and perhaps ever: attacked

are 10 battles ip Oakland Cem

the mening of rhis date), when the entire cx
fire in astrange kitd of burrow-fire that destroys the very weak
and useless Drones for yoed. Most flee temporarily
he fn

sly to
un to their battles oni clear.
The nan-enilitan
the incessant wars and have

taki

roses of the cemetery positively de
2 forming thelr own
protective faction ful parts af the
ven h

nilonds have Peta

# them not eve the local Necropol

the Hienirchy cd to quard these Ferte
the ongoing battles. A group of well-organized Renegades could

deal th
thre

fetes
Sull,

crarchy n crushing
of the warring Drones.
Steangely enough, on nice day
come out with pienic blankets and enjoy 1 te

youcan see local families
rely day ¢
scmplaviens the markets, T

cemetery is open fi

Grant Park

This ied to be the main Citadel in the ares, especially
days of Reconstruction. Many Civil War (

veterans who died further

in Atlant, They instantly Ac ich wed to
be Confederate Fort K during the Battle of Atlanta, The Fort
is scl vaguely visible in the Tempest beneath the area, where


rninits Citadel. The Anactean
thelr offices in the wear wing, Sth,

not within the Cyelorama build


-ombar, even though they
ress immediately afterward

tpdos find treme

abeayy rerrea

Len Prison Cell 264 (haunt

fegan to unravel. He wi
arm with a. makeshift
nition for madness

wns dicovered drawing de

tehien T
eed wall
fame tease the special care lise

1 the piso

be was placed in solitary, In feed

er that he had been in solitary for two
yne noticed thar they hadn'r been bringing hi

od or water, Harms died in his cell, having choked ©
is he was trying to hite them off und add them 19

has been swep
al Good OF E rk
the Shadowlan 1 fully appreciate the glory of
thistman' tortured arrwirk, Iris said that anyone who is truly

ve will tre help by enrering cell

‘sname. It yon dehethier Phil

fa. wraith or not, This Haunt often comes into use rather
(uikily wheriever any of the prison guard
wopen the door and check inside, This is

(aber yuard ects skinridden
Some of the f

agndes in tho aren use Larsen
as well

litle Five Points

Sweet Auburn

Although the area o

Sweet Aubuirn is financially d

time, i isa vibrant part

wraiths have Bette Due to

Ban be
{Fuh of the buildings i

vwn, During R

part of

any former slaves became affluent businessmen
inc Aub
Sweet Aubum were designaced
‘of Dr, Martin, Luther King, Jr. Hi
thange is here. Adjacent to
© Dx, King s burie

husiness in the Sw

Jn 1980, large portion
w national park
Genter for Non-Violent §
the center is Freedom Plaza

Inthe old days, Sweet Aubsira wa jae
and-blues haven, tn the Shadowlands, i
wraiths can come for
awe set up shop in som:

Mae and daythues

still a place where
raiment. Sanden and Chanteurs
the abandoned buik

eis songs a ave their stow

Sweet Auburn wraiths stay out
he Dark Kingdom
Haunts in this par of 9

of Ivory and the Railroaders have see

Dr. Martin Luther King, jr. Center for Non-Violent
Social Change

Phils Sy gece. The Fleguncly be
was lost to Oblivion when he was struck by the assis
lec. but just about any orher wenith (expecially He
tell you that he quite surely Transcended into Heaven

Thoxe who meditate ar Dr. King's graveride will often find

with the Ei
ine Eidolon die back if they spend a wene med

welves reconnected
greater self. N

1 for Heretics, the Cente

by dhe Ht

is watched heav

fous gunned on the place

Ebenezer Baptist Church Basement (Haunt *)

Although 1 one can quite understand why this area is
Haunt, ever wraiths who diel in the area understand that
smany years aga, the pastor of the church offeced his cliuseh
basement asa place of refuge to anyone, living or dead

needed it. Others whisper that ic was once used for darker


ithe Hierarchy wer
would begin to
he ruined as a pl

Midtown

Midcown forms the center for the arts In the city of At
Lanta, Althiough the boundaries of the neighborhioex! known
ret to be corupletely defined, it s generally
considered the arew north of downtown und south of Piedmont
Park; Thip area includes the Woodruff Arts Center (which is
home tthe Atkinud Symphony Oxchestra), the Alliance
ates, the High Museum of Are and the Fox Theater

wan artistic haven and
J ant showings with ax much

to ever discover the basement, they
inual snidson the place and it would

as Midtown haw

ot ns the Living

fox Theater

The "Fabulous Fox" was originally
Shriners i 1916. The Sheiners wanted a temple where they
could hold meetings and yectet initiations, and they instructed
the architect to make a building based on their Egyptian and
Moorish miluences. A grand structure was designed by arch
tect Oliver J. Vinour and construction began. Years later in
1929, the Shriners realized thot they could not afford to pay
for the huge thing an decides to install a ticket booth, hig
4 movie sete am, ate sell rickets to
tnavies: The Fax is a collection of Oriental styles: a Moorish
fheade, onion domes and minarets, blue-tiled goldfish pools
ms filled with furnishings copied from the newly-re
vealed tomb of Kinyg Tutankhuaman;

uilt for a group of

most grand of all the
tures rooms. The ceiling here is beautiful might sky with
stan that actually twinkle. The balustrades and taleonies ubove
the proscenium atch make one feel that one is safely nesthed

within an ancient Moorish
the desert sands

le courtyard, protected froen

In one the masive structure is a huge Moller

i that «sie to play sing-a-long before accompanying

vies. Ici stil in che theater, although rarely used.
Very slwetly after the opening of che grand Fox Theater,

the Depres

teat

darkened its doors. The company that owned
went bankrupt, and ir closed except fur pceusional
special perfor
re-opened iy movie theater with a brand now 26-speaker

ances for several years, Favally in the "90

In the 70s, it was sate fe demolition, This wa
besas many of the Renogades in the roa had the "Fabulous
Fon" as their Fetter A group of ecmcermed citizens immeds-
wrely formed and lobbied te have the theater saved asa his-
tremendous fund-raising drive

vical edifice. They won

to save the Fox, and now special concerts are
well as movies,

‘There isa grand balcony and a lower level. The mort hotly
contested seats are just before the orchestra pit:

The Secret Vault of fox Haunt ™)

‘The Fox Theater was buile according to ancient Egyptian
tradition. Beneath the foundation of the building, there sa
series of secret roms. Two of these rooms ate the teins of
some of the most favored sor of the Shriners who built theit
temple for thie purpose. ‘The thin and fourth rors are sacred
chambers. One of them, the Throne of Judgment, is 3 roca
whose wally are covered in yokd foil. The golden light that
flashes back and forth between the walls eauses a sense of par
rity and power to reverberate throughout the ror.

The final room is the Room of Sacrifice, This ts where the
people who built the theater came to consecrate their "termple™
with blood. The blood stains are still on the floor, but other
rashed rourn,

wise itis. an empty, w

This entire area is now controlled by some of the mom
Heretical of the Dragon-Sons, who use this mm as a mean
by which they can interact with ther human counterparts |
The Throne of Judgment root t parciculaly powerful tap:
pears virtually the same in both the Skinlands and the
Shadowlands.

There is a Nihil in the Roow of Sacr
Dragon-Sons have the oecastonal conversation with Spectes.
Although they have currently not formed any kind ot cognb
tive alliance with the Spectres; hey
gression pact that allows them iteract with them. Several
Doppetgangers have visited the Draon-Sons here to dca
matters on behalf of the dread Malfeans that all Specties pa)
fealty to

co where the

we formed 9 nonvage

This Haunt i extremely secret, and the Dragon
would do much to prevent the secret from getting out

The Majestic Hoel

This hotel b a major wraith hang-out, even if It is not
neceparily a Haunt. Completely abandoned, the horel offen
refuge for many Wastrel, Hierarchy and Renegade wraiths on
the sly, Even though the hotel is in a fairly visible place, 4
spore thar the same:pedple who saved thie Fox Theater anf
attempe to save the *histcric" Majestic Hotel, The hotel i
condemned, and one good fire could finish it off, bur many of
the older wraiths in che city have it ai a Fetes, und it will be
provected as long as possible.

The Dump (Haunt +)

Slouched ever so gently on ts foundation in the hewt of
downtown ,» large house sits in silent "genteel poverty." Marg



Atlanta to play in? The choice is clear.

Still, the Atlanta History Center is here, as is the
Governor's Mansion,

Viriia-hichland
‘you'll find trendy people and their trendy trend-shops: healing
crystals, tie-dye cotton clothes, coffee bars, bookstores, new
"old" diners and a host of ethnic eateries. This is also the heart
of much of Atianta's gay and lesbian community, although that
winity is certainly not limited to Virginia-Highland. Here,
old Victorian homes are pampered, renovated and furnished
with » car, an espresso machine and sandalwood incense. It is
doleg art. This is where people dressed in black and wearing
sunglasses (even ut night) smoke clove cigarettes und either
‘complain about the hear or the rain,

till, there ix a gentle charm here, and many of the people
» have died here in recent years have kept their nicely deco-
sted houset and allowed other people to move into them. Just
as long as they keep them nice.

Requiem (Haunt »)

Requiem is an old church deconsecrated by the Episea-
» wich » high aching ceiling and a tremendos pipe or-
gin. The entire building has been renovated, although with a
fine care for historical accuracy and architectural detail. The
floor was taken out and replaced with a false floor that covers
K of speaker that ate poinwed up from underneath,
The entire building acts as a large reverberation box for the
speakers. At hight, the grear stained-glass windkrys are ithumi
nated from within by shimmering lights and hundreds of
carilles (uw they got the fte code toaice wie to dre candles
1 not completely understood, although it 1s well-known that
the club carries millions of dollars of fire insurance),
Requiem has no chairs or booths. Instead, ithas re-worked
1 tine of confessionals so that they are tke tradicional restau-
rant booths, Couples sit im ench side of the booth and close
the doors, thus enjoying complete privacy.
Re

i Ving

iva favorite among the Wastrel wraiths who dwell
Highland because It provites them with the trap
pings of death but none of the loneliness. The place is con-
tinually crowed with people who come to worship the techn
‘mui and pose among the trendy dince crowd. Many Wast-
rels love to sit up in the rafters and look down at the dancing
‘crowd, occasionally materialising and yiving sore unwary soul
i brief scare, one thar the Fog usually quickly erases. The fet
thit some people have seen them from: time to time helps to
‘encourage Requiem reputation as haunted dance club

Founded in 1823 by Commodore Stephan Decatur, » dasty
ing naval hero of the War of 1812, Decatur is 0 small village:
centered around the old courthouse. Decatur became a wraith
when he was killed in a duel, and he occasionally returns 2
the Shadowlands since the courthouse is one of hs Fetters He
isa high-ranking member of the Hierarchy and commands one
of the iron ships that patrol the river

The Decatur Courthouse (evel »)

‘orally deserted by mortals at night, the Decatur Court
house would be inconsequential excepr for the face thar thisis
where the Hierarchy holds ity courts. The Magistrate decides
the fate of wraiths brought up on charges for
against the Necropolis. On any given night, thee
great deal uf Hierarchy wraiths hanging about,
in orarguing about one of the cases before the Magistrate:

This 6 alsa where new wraithé nce issued their Seal of
Citizenship after taking the onth of loyalty to Seyi. Although
official seals made of Stygian meeal are not availuble, the He
cerarchy of Atlanta has begun to improvise, using relie coint
and the like to designate Hierarchy members. OF coure, these
coins are ensily counterfeited. and many Renewndes hive be:
gun distributing them to wraiths (particularly Wastrel wraith)
who wish to avoid Hierarchy entanglements

Many Renegades want to send the Decatur Courthae
straight to Oblivion because it also tepeesents a
at the omermost boundary of the Necropolis, and th
Hierarchy' limit of consol of the area around Atlanta

Suburbs

The suburbs of Atlanta 1
much of the Renegade, Heretic
tion. In general, any area outs
considered » suburb, bur thes
anal growing. It has overt
seretches in all directions
To

involved

thy

lorpel
ral Wastrel wraith popula

of the 285 perimeter ean be
days the city just keeps growing
ced the boundary of 285 and nose

ie east, Atlanta stretches into Stone Mountain and
‘ovo smaller cities, Stone Mountisin is # xan

the world. A great bas-relief sculpture depicting the
the Confederacy was carved into the side of the mo
{ng in 1923 and completed (after change of personnel and
‘many financial troubles) in 1970, The mountain wo sacred to
the Cherokee Indians who frequented the area, and ic served
‘an inspoetant lookout post is the Civil Was.

For some reaion, the Shadowlands of the area neat Stone
Mountain are littered with many foul Haunts and la


pen directly to the Tempest and the Tempest
Heed over into che Shadowlands. It Is as If some nexus of
pre wits evil emanations out from nearby che great
nite mound, 20 ling monstrous shad
sedaprs from all over. The Hierarchy avoil the aren
Stone Mountain forth
The entire southern direction, from southwest to south:
scribes ‘less-developed? area, an area in economic dif
Beaks, Anony the working poor and people erying to pull
themielves up by their bootstraps are a umber of com
ti (Vine City, College Purk, West End) that are str
fiieeo cay afloat, Iris as if the shadow of Atlanw's gle
tees datkeos the furure uf this hemisphere of poverty, de-
fair and violence

ound

‘eat,

The western suburbs have a definite rural fe
hese much of che Local wilderness is for Adlanta: male
Hie called Luke Lanier, Kennesaw Mountain (where a major
tae of the wis fought) and many heavily
Forexe areas. The farests give way to the North Ges

fain very shortly after Jeaving the vicinity of Atlanta to the
rath To the northeast ofthe city i the wealthy and affluent
(ad moetly white) ‘of Gwinnett € winnett is
ee of the fastest-growing suburbs of Atlanta, compe
Rercros (named after John No of the firs cand
hes for Atlanta's mayor), Lilburn, Dotuth and Lawrenceville
Geinnett prides itself on ies auto
tact new businesses. To the utter nort
away iv Athens, Georgia, the colle
Keg bands soch as EM. a
‘mull Hierarchy and claims independ
eeropolis, although the

This is

ny and its ability eo a
» nearly an hour
town famous for foster-
he BeS2%. Athens has its own
Is certainly qu

The oly other area of interest in the suburbs of Atlanta
Ifanancient monastery that exists outside Conyers, Georgia
Thismonastery isa quiet place, but thete have been some ru
fun among the Hicrarchy that a group of monks from the
Sosiery of Saine James are uring the monastery ava secret home
tee to gather information atout the wraiths in ¢
eventually attack the Hicrarehy Citadel, Aleh«
foto' have been ed to-spy on the monastery, none of
idem have returned, Several Hietntchy soldiers have reported
ing burning light" in the area of th
could have something to dowith the
Dring to make plans to have the place shut down or con
desned.

NS

Na ((
The House of Richard

Richard Moss was a Northern accousitant for many p
tation ¢ Won
joing to each of the plantation 0%
through thelr monetary teoubles. He organised
of plantations and made 1 lot of nox
‘owners and setting,

When Ric
vengeful son of aformer plant
Hemphill decided to take back the money thar he believed
Moss stole from his family

ev after the Civ Richard was tat chat

Under an assumed nume
his household sitter a
den Mr. Mos
rues, but litte did the aceouneant
sora quantities of arsenic every day in his for. As he deer
erated, Hemphill abandoned the ause of putting the poison

jemphill gota job with Mowsa

butler and rook care of the bed-rid
ingthe day He treated Mons with great hind

his food and simply fo
cine" that he had to take every day, Whi
Jirious state, Hemphill gor a lawyer to witn
Mess! will. Hemphill was to receive the full total
exty owned by Mose
by his farnily.
However, so great wns the yreed thie Mos felt for his
money that he managed co gather en
letter opener that Horogbill left nest the bed! and planed
repeatedly in Hemphill hack. Shortly after making the st
tack, Moss died of a heart attack
Now the two wrai
divided the house ine h

we
alteration
the prop
cing the property formurly ov

agh strength to rake

They h:
of thei fetcely defend
hhisside. Though the place has been on sale f
ne has ye

hs live in the same hase
many Years; no
beside a lonely
owen the street

been interested in buying i. It 0
road, and. mini-mall has teen put up just
Although these wraiths can (and sometimes do) le
the howe, they rarely do, They spend a lot of t
‘templiting each other. Although neither « willing to ralk about
Monitats and have be

from

told that they only hi
fn. Thus, these two wraiths nus

apiece: the house they die,

through eternity toyeth





The Hierarchy

An earthly kangdo

pon arrival in che Shadowlands

known for erupting
ance und dev the Hierarchy is abo
on by st
and many factions

¥ Charon' grear empire

dasstion
The Hierarchy aid its
sRvenge trom the many Kestle
gem that the Hierarchy subscribes
Heretic and R
than the fall of eh
and Stypia anv
the home front

sare often targets f

a distinct lack of unity among the leaders of
sign that the time could tipe foe v
ion. Can the chat
Hierarchy's ranks if and when the time comes? How:
ate with the rulers of the city whe:

the streets of the Necropolis without fea

will chat le

Hierarchy should fall, whi
smong their ranks and
less fortunate
On

cend suppo:
haracte
with anc
arehy the allegéa

for betrayal ar

w other hand, most believe 1

Uiscorporatior
fy mai
ueithin the Tempest. The Specties there
attack in lange numbers
1c protection
Hierarchy

Just the same, Govern

(nto the ways in which he can waintain a

other groups that would take d
Todate, Johnson's best plan i

reprisal

ed off the power leeched from th

nfilrration of their Circles, Far


Infiltration to work well, the spies sent should be unknowns,
new fnces that the wraiths have not yet seen closely enough to
know inything about. He
tion and e

propiated to offer wealth, protec=
relic wespunsto the wraith sho serve his needs

How will the player characters react co she secret alliances
that have formed in the depth of the Hierutchy's policies? Is
there a place where they could possibly be truly safe in all the
Shadowlands? Ate chere ways to circumvent the dangers by
smoking alliances of their own, alliances with the Renegades
and the Heretics as well as the Hierarchy? If 0, the ground is
ape to be treacherous, and few are likely to successfully ma-

me the forces that are uligizy fr bate.

While it is certainly noe wise to betray n Cle ot Gang, it
ieide to be convicted of hetraying the Hierarchy, The
Hierrchy has dealt with horrayal before, and they have forces
that exist for no other reason than torersure the sleeper agents
and spies of the Hierarchy remain loyal. There are already sto-
fies about what hs happened to betrayers of Charon's forces
and none of the stories are pleasant. From branding to enalave-
tent todkscorporation, the one cereainty ts that the pamtshers
sent forth from Seyeia ate adept at their tasks.

qhe Anacreons

cower corrupes absolute posters kind of neat
ce we Philo 92
Unlike most Necropoli, Atlanta is
ruled by a couneil of Anacreans which is
in turn overseen by a Governor. This is
unusual, thoagh mot unique im the
Shadowlands, for in most instances the
Anacreons nile uncontested. Perhaps itis the strong Souther
heritage of Atlanta that makes ir desirble ro have a single
figurehead atthe helm of the city. Regardless he relation
between Governor James Johnion and the Anacteots has
worked well for nearly a century, weathering « nuraher of
changes in personnel

a button

The Council of Anacreans is made up of representatives
reach of the seven Stygian legions as well as representa
tive from the Hand of Fate. Mary Anne Robinson, who repre+
sents the Hand of Fare on the Council of Atlanta's Anacreors,
does not vote in Council matters, bur het advice and guidance
istespected by all the Council, As is typical af members of the

led upen to resolve

er Anacreons

liv recent years, che cnce-strong hold that the Hierarchy
held upon the city of Atlan has weakened. The increasing
JY number of Renegades and Heretics in the city, as well as a
growing movement agninst the fewlalistic system supported
by the Hierarchy, has added up to w great deal of justtinble
R paranoia cn the part of the Anacteons und Governor Johnson,

Partly in response to this, thete has been a movement in the
Atlanta Hierarchy (which quickly has spread co
Necropoli and even to Stygia itself) to recomceprualize the
power structure. The advent of the position of Governor wat
je of the fst steps the Anucreons reulied that having 4
figure that people could identify 9s.» leader could be a
ponitive move. There were some who feared a concentrition
of power in a single individual, but Johnson has reassured all
opponents with his fair and equitable treatment of all within
hisjurisdiction, save those who break the laws set down bythe
Anacreons, More importantly, Johnson higwelf was the one
who soggested thot they conceptunlise the senuctute of the
Hierarchy more in terms of feudalism chan slavery, While the
latter has associations that ace patently offensive to many lis
ing in the Shadowlands today, the former
pf romance x well a7 an orders
successfully argued that the felationship of liege to lord wat
more upplicable co the present situation thin muster 10 alae;
and with characteristic charm, he has heguin transforming th
image of the Hierarchy from a totalitarian military state
that of a strong but well-intentioned aristocracy, seeking te
protect its subjects
This movement, begun only in the past decade, hat
Urcathe new life inte the Hictacchy which bad been looking
hopelesly out-of-date ntl reventy, public relations
‘coup has eamed hima many laurels from Stygia, and
called upon by leaders of orher Nectopoll for advice
‘The majority of Johnson's subjects seem conten: with de
present situation, While independent Circles are stil stra
the lack of severe restrictions allows individual wraiths wy have
within a numer of different groups. Many of te

seditious a few decades ago, but which wre tolerated unde

Johnson's watchful eye. Sue stil feels strongly thar there should
be absolutely no slavery, claming that Johnson's notion of fe:
daltsm ts oni a romanticized anid sugar-couced version of tie
slavery she has spent her existence fighting Andcew Stevens
who made his fortune in life as aslaver and wishes to continue
his gaining wealth in the same way, has been equally upserat
Johnson's reforms, stating that us the controling power in the
city, they have the right to do as chey please. He often, uns
other Anacreans to vote with him for increased punishroenss
ind stronger enforcement of Charon' Lav
‘Andirew Stevens, the Anucreon who oversees the vicimy
of despair, spends a great deal of his time these days associat
ng with members of the Sons of the Imperial Dragon, and a
few believe that he is planning a coup to attemps to overthra!
the othet Anacreons, Sue has been spending most of het ten
in apparent solitude, but her sympathy for the Shattered Chain
is rumored about the city, aril many suspece a sicailar coupin
planned from the Anacreon of the Legion of Paupers. The
‘Anuacreon of the Iron Legions; Justin Whately, ts believed 1
remain neutral in these ploys. However, he is truly the ene



he ju

he Hierarchy Cohorts

and thereby gain
Arcan
Fetters: (

ily (Self
Hi

without hi
the when leay

ally rep

h might look our aver his demi. He


Avery concemed ab
tod image of the strony but approachable rule.
Roleplaying Hints: You

t appearances and always tries to present

fa very stem man with a pow-

ful need for order in your city. You do not like the Renegade
bition or the Heretic cults that run rampant in Act
wu are

ntti > { for calling

the city eo infil
ts in the hopes that you wil be ale to

He legion of the Grim

The Legion of the Girim is the name
fill
‘tins of violene

fen to those who,
the jurisdiction of the Smiling
The Legion of the C

erful of the Lavions prevent in Atlanta. The

average of one mund

Grin tha
Walton pays Reapers well co ensure that anyone murdered in
Ahecexion i brought to him. His indoctrination methods are
ramully very gentle, and he is always willing to n
tes of rewards and benefits. .

y far the best asset held by the Grim Legions is Smitty
Shey knows everything. and anything he doesn't know he
an diovers Many of the Hierarchy's
falieve that Smitry is comple al, but the old drunk.
Inlindecseands thar his bread is best butteced by Walton. The
‘of the Grim holds
urderer, Robe

because Walson permit it a

Thrall in servitude to Walton, he could be free
hat only Walton. Dallas and Smitty all unde
Dallas has every intention of bunting down and
dearoying Smirey if ever he ts freed.

Abose Welton

we W
fav changed along those li

Arab om wits stern tskimaster in life, and litle

ince he wns shoe by his own

Besieged on all sis, figh

nin and the surronincling lands, the (

» victory. When Walton decided tw charge the
bal mistake of riding in front of the troops

all wo arms had been made. The first

n tore Walton's body in half . Walton

| power until the Union wra

tally forces ater th
aber fr from a cn
Held non
Feet Suter, determined even in death to have retribution foe
thew macre

In recent geart, Walton has beet) great propoinci
ding centet. He be
the North and South
6. Thi places hit ina diff

lieves that increased contact hetwe
wall lead to a decrease in tens
etvising those whi
is of the
rays exist, and that he

pinion that violence wil
best persct to oversee the |
je thie ares for he has seen the horroes
countless forms, This do
Dn the contrary, he Is a proponent of
ogether whenever ponubl

sion of the Grim
violent de: ‘not mean that
He does his job well,

nterprecations...yet. {t seems itis only a matter of time be
0 replace Walton with some

¢ Anacreon for the Legions of the Cirim
Physical: Sere

Social: Chacism

h 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
‘Talents: Alertnes 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dexige 4, In.
imidation 3. Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Stealth 3, Sur

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Investigation 4,1
Medicine 2, Science 1

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Anifact
Contacts 3, Status 5, Wealth 2

(darkstee! d


B Colony of G

——

Passions: Wishes to make Atlanta into acity where North
and South can work together, rather than being enemies
(Hope) 3, Regrets having killed so many (Guilt) 4, Seeks to

dhet the Hierarchy to better protect the Restless against
the agents of Oblivion

Arcanos: Embody 4, Fatalism 3, Outrage 5, Usury 4

Ferters: Kennesaw battlefield, 2; Medals (located at At
Janta Historical Society), 3

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 7

Shadow: Martyr

Angst: 6

‘Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Infamy 2, Shadow Familiar

B 4 (a hunting faleon)

Shadow Passivnes Desives 1 uke Guvemen' office for
himself (Envy) 4, Revenge upon all things Souther (Hate) 5
Image: Ambrose Walton isa lanky man with thinning
red hair shot with grey. He has a hawkish nose and a full droop-
tng mustache. When he is angered, ot when his Shadow 1s
dominant, a huge, gaping hole appears in his chest, precisely
where the cannon tore through himn on the field of battle. He
is always dressed én full regalia of the Union Forces; his rank
then was Capeatn.
Roleplaying Hints: You are a shrewd man, cunning and
dangerous. Never turn your back on anyone who could be an
my, and do your best to make certain that anyone meeting
you understands that you are in charge and in control of every
Should anyone ever accuse you of cowardice, you
your best to destroy them then and there. You some:

shave a very hot temper, but you can normally keep it in
check

Born in 1810 in Ireland, Jebediah O'Rourke, the son of «
‘prominent city official in Dublin, moved to the newly free
ongia when he was 22 years oki. Getting work as
a lawyer, Jebediah moved to the railroad town of Terminus
five years later, moving his offices to the sleepy new town of
Decatur once his practice was established. There he built his
feputation as a smart, fait lawyer andl, when it came time for
cout officials to be appointed, Jebediah was the first on people's
lips Jebediah was a stubborn man, however, a was discovered
iwhen he took the bench forthe fire time. He was known for
tuling the way he thought was best, despite how others tried to
sway his decision. He soon grew tobe an extremely stern, som

B bce judge whose presence alone was a deterrant to crime and

‘swindling in Decatur. As Magistrate O'Rourke aged, it was quite
clear that some unseen force was aking its toll on him. To his
clonest friends, Jebediah admitted that he was staying alive "out
of sheer cusedness" as he called it, and that he feared what
waited for him beyond the veil of death because of what he

said was an family curse.

Jebediah stayed alive through the (
well known for his longevity and tenacit

fair reputation (and lack of open sympathy for the Confeder}
ate goverment, with whom O'Rourke had never really agreed}

To the surprise of few, Jebediah was re-appointed Magistrate
by the Union goverment that moved through after Atlan
fell

Still, Jebediah lingered on until the Reconstructiag
<laimed him. One night a band of hooligans that Jebediah had
Punished with a sharp fine and several years ata prison camp
‘came upon Jebediah as he studied the law in his chambers a
the Decatur Courthouse. Thirty-seven knife wounds finial
him off in short order, and the city's press firmly believed thal
the slaying was result of his ruling against the KKK.
worried that his "family curse" had caught up with him. Of
two, both were right.

Jebediah was slain by his grandfather, Kieran Riotche
wraith skilled in Puppetry and vind

selves to them, thus creating a Guardian Wr
line that followed the family wherever it went. Riore

father had made him a wraith by tormenting him in deeaal
using Keening. Jebediah's grandfather had given Jebediah "the
treatment" as well, making him dread death s
the end, he was trapped in

Kicran was soon lost in the Fourth Great Maelstrom
Jebediah used his notoriety to gain prestige and pesition i

the Hierarchy. Soon, he was appointed to the post of Ma


ith like his grandfather hud done
hin: This sill did not prevent, James Rourke, his grandwn,
frm also becoming a wraith

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Judge

Cohort: Legions of the Grim—Ma,

Physioaly Strength 2, Des

Socials Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Apps

Mental ce 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alerrness 2, Awareness 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, In
futon 4, Intimudution 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills:

Kowledges: Bure
Melicine 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5,
Walth 3

Passions: Corry out his duties asa Magistra
Beep the laws of the Hierarchy (Paty) 3

Perception 3, Incellig

jracy 5, Investigation 3, Lingustics 3,

ts 4, E

non. 1, Status 4,
nily (Pride) 3,
, Castigate 5, Fatalism 3, Us

Judges!
otical Society, 4

Arcanist Argo

Fetters: Decatur Courthouse, 2
Aipay se the Atlanta H
Willpower: 7
Pathos : 10
Shadow: The Freak
Angst 6
‘Thorns: Tainted Rel
Shadow Passonss Make his

lig
Poct of Doom (Faralism +1)

scencants Iie hell (Hace) 4,

Oppress others to demonstrate power (Azagance) 3 hy

Image: Jebertiah O"Rourke it x stout man, tall and heavy
ft with brown hair frosted with white, and a mustache, goate:
ind eyebrows that are us wh

ninfull
stofice and n dark

Roleplaying Hints: You are an important ma
Ibow it. Sooner or later everyone gets in trouble, and yo
iinory for the smallest sights is as long as your eyo is
let Revenge comes to everyone who ie willing to wait

¢ as cotton. He is almost always
crace's main: Hood red robes, Stygian chains
cow! that hides his foce

You

Arey a close eye on your grandson, and know everyone whe

injricts with him, Whenever a Renegade associating with
fines Rourke is brought befure you, the punishment is yu

Smitty
Smitty came to Ackints during the Ge

lied his life as a hopeless deunk. Despt
she was till conser

be harsh

as something of a local

ein next tomno time. Everyone knew him on sight. However,
ne liked him. Robert Dallas decided that the old
Fan vasa child molester or worse and took it upon himself

Seat Smitty regularly for many years, normally when be him

self had been imbibing, Smitty forgave tira each
stopped being forgiving when the ran pout

Atlanta, an

around. The one tin

Seitey stopped talking

secrets and thereby 1

chy (Curwosity)

me, Smitty
ight vodka—
seping fort and her ignited th
fore the civW rights mavement came t0

nthe alley where he died, moving

# Robert Dallas... well, the Hiern:
Aid before Smutty gor his
as long as Smitty is

has one more Theall than they
pert will kely remain a Thi
the Hierarchy
Nature: Jester

Child

yorts The Grimm Legion

Demeano!
. Manipulation 1, Appearance f
ception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Alertne 3, Dad
brerfuge 1

3, Awarens ition 4.

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 4, Medicine 1

Religion 4

Backgrou

Passios

i: Allies 4, Contacts 2, Eid
3c himself indispensable to the Hierar

1, Memoriam 3

Arcanox: Castigate 4, Inhabit 3, Lifeweb 2, Phantasm 1

Ferrers: Majestic Diet, 2

shop.2

Antique Vodka


Pathos: 7
Shadow: The Leech
Angst >
bottle of grin leah)
Shadow Passions: Escape
B Shadowlands by staying drunk (Fe
Lrages Smirny isa filth
tothes than should he oc
Atlanta's Nestopolis to anyone that has
Het Smitty fim about four seth, ae! boeh

punted with eatars
st wraiths,

Tainted Relic (Everfull

the pain of the
Backstab and betray

Roleplaying Hints: You act mo

eal uring your w

ber You like everyone. bu

You just don't let past offenses get in the way of business. You
influence, more than most wraiths

ou ase that influene thar no one bothers you. Even

whe

he Hereties and Ro
peciully the Hearse R
tales of the pase

b The Emerald Lesions

often

second move powerful Legion in Atlanta bythe Emer:

up of those who were victims of happ
hem dic in ect

belief that many of dhe

mn the interstates and

tance. P

it mishaps. The
major veelde

Jen
hat have occurted
wund Atlanta wete arranged by
1. Many of the acc
the Hearse Riders, who owe a gecat debe to the Emerald
ons leader, Sursh Chandler. OF course, because the H
re not recognized as past of the H
the Quick, Sa
et, Sarah bua a Lory
their victims who die in

Oniney Stantimy believes fully én the Hierarchy, pref
the order of the Hierarchy to the chaos of buth dhe Ren
snl the Heretics, Many of the lie in the
uabwirysthroxigh mishap and even throw ought
alt of Ominey's reer ca.

vple why

mie to bang new recruits to Sarah, She és not

harsh to those who occasionally fail to bring her new sail
ied flume stars effecting a wraith's status wihis

few have tried co impress Sarah with deliberate
the open activity. The one exception isthe aforementianel
Heane Riders. Nancy Martin tends to avoud her respon
ties to Sarah until the runnieg
at least afew new Enfants to the Anactevn,

Sarah Chandler

rah was the first person to die in the eity of Atlanta
run down by a carriage in the streets, She has grown in pow

ity grow and burn time after tins
tion made up entirely of children i
had their lives stolen by carcless or cruel adults. Sarah intend
tw have revenge an all careless adults, and her Shadow kee
promising her the power te da it, nly she will

tain terme... Sarah's ties with the Hearse Riders are very tll
hhidden, bur she isone of the principle suppliers for their needs

but con

aches

t minute and se iy alway
gy Leslie ean

over the yeas w

reon of the Emerald Legicns
Dexterity 4. Sramina
arisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appea
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Dodge 5, Expresiond

Stealth 4, Survival 4


Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Linguistics 2. Medi
Osu 2, Science 1

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 4, Memoriam 2, Status
{Wealth 3

Passions: To help children (Love) 2; Wants to experi
hood (Desire) 3, Rule over Atlanta to the best of

Pup

+ Locker, now in a Milledgeville
tillctien. 2: Ine
Willpower
Pathos

Shadow: Leech

Thorns: Tainted Touch, Trick of Light
Shadow Passions: Kill ll adults (Hate)2, Help Renegades
lle the Heatse Riders to undermine authority (Retellious
Imager Sarah has blonde hair and green eyes. She is pe
lie and appears remarkab le, until you sce how she
hoses business. Sarah stands 4'3" in height, and is norually
séencither in simple dress she died in, or in jeansand a "Casper
de Friendly Ghose" Tshirt >
Roleplaying Hints: If the idiots around you choose to,
auetestimate your abilities, who are you to disillusion them?
Yuitend to listen more than you talk, unless yo
der children, You've been pouting for a
ihe ine to smile will come around. Due in part
i time of your death and in part to the
#9; you died, you feel a special affinity

Nancy Martin
Ai in wil ded people who lived for the
Boment: Nancy had a p the Circle K conve.

Hence Store, though few of her oeker friends had jok

have fin like thowainds of
radvated from h

After she school, she

full cime business for several of her
hen one night, the
ot busted,

fering, she was waeching her lifeblood spil
ot guns d. Nancy left behind her parents, he
foiryer brother and all the friends she ever had

fidn's have mich of a life, but death showed hee that
Jeihiye to have something to live for; noe having a direction
Hele was what got her into trouble in the frst place. Nancy
Ihiteolved to rum her life around and act as a guide to young

lace where she was crashing with

feoplelike herself who are without direction,

chy immediately seized upon thie talented young womar, not
al drive and tremendous energy Still, Nancy i.
a girl who wa

4 an her way.

Leg
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulats
n 2, Inte

Athletics 3,

‘Skills: Firearms 1, Melee 3, Per
Knowledges
Backgroun:
Passions:

scene from killi

her life (Fear) 2
Arcanos: Argos 2, Outrage 2, Phantasm 4, Puppetry 3
Ferrers: Parents, 2; House where she died, 4; Cirete K

where she worked, 1
Willpower: 8
Pathos: 6
Shadow: The Pusher
Angst: + c
Thorns: Aur
Shadow Passions: Experience ev

Underworld (Lust) 4, Let pe

all, isn't that what che world di

ance 1, Stealth
eaucracy 2, Medicine 2, Science }
Allies 3, Contncts 2, Memoriatn
tect family (Love) 2, Ke

ry more innocents (Hate) 5, Keep onder

tn the

be screw themselves up

19 you! (Apathy) 3


blond hair loose. She is dressed in
died in, tight black j

pet finger
Roleplaying Hints: If you don't dwell on the pain, you
can make the most of death, Never talk about serious subjects,

ively Luave on, You sry tx buen tr mest peopl

B cyes, always forcing smile and talk
The world doesn
a. Show people that, an.

wusleos yu
vast about too smach,
ave tobe

ou will have started to make up

Ominey Stanton

was a wanderer, riding the
who had fon

eurly years of his tfe, Orniney
wherever they rook hin
new face along the way, Later. an ol
rendered the rails fora more stable en
aetly the: rope of jah shar Onsiney had
on a train, In this
that little fall Ominey took,
just bad luck and » rainy day. Orainey fell in front of a subway
train, killed ly the ching he lnwes! mont én rhe world: He row
he MARTA trains, making aire the Rene

train, No

s, a subway
ne was to blame

watches
don't try
Nature: Jester
Demeanors Bw
Cohorts Emerald Legion
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 1, Stamina $
Social: Clhacisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, tneelligence 2, Wits 5
Talents: Alertnes 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge
nldation 3, Sete
Skills: Crafts

Knowledges:

(Spanish), Medicine 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Bide
w Ad f

about moxleen tmins (Curi

Envy) 2; Learn more
ity) 3; Work on the Midnight

Jay (Hope) |

ive iv sicum, |
Willpower:
Pathos: 5
Shadow: The Abuser

@Ominey Stanton

Image: Ominey very bieman. with wide hil

han, well-mascled body. He hooks just as he ili

sically anyway. His face has changed lite: he huts

wide, friendly smile, a pe

black eyes. His dark skin, a

add a certain a

Roleplaying Hints: You have nnd
veell. Nothing is as important as making vetain th

sl-thin tnustache and express
wg hair and ramrod sti pose
hhority to his overall looks
» job te wb
re
» theShadosekinds Keep smiling:
pare of your job entails making othe
any lip for etn
and they can jut lk he

abr

ouble, off
wherever th

qhe Legion of Paupers

Sue lead the L

circumstances, and
est, and she hay nase » point

under myst

cred mixion. The Legion of

Jied under mysterious circumstane
claim, are often at oxds with the other
Hierarchy. The Legion of the

violent deaths,

wins owithio the
iat co all who dh
# Papers may aby
lam ifthe victims do nor knew bow they were murdered ot
by whom. Sue takes full advantag

dof

this option whenevet
a wins the debate by wooing the new Enfant
stance in fd smundercts, Dav
‘example of how well Sue keep her prom
lies. He was informed within days of his



David Suvniter

tors. David Duvalier hae spene most of hie viene az 8 wraith
trying to glad-hand his way into a position of power.

Nature: Conniver

Demeanoe: Traditionalist

Cohort: Legions of Pauper

Physical: Sen , Seamina +

Social: Chatisuna 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness L, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Des

terfuge 3
Firearms 1, Leadership 2, Melee 3,
2.Servival 1

Knowledges: Bureny
Occult 2, Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contac

Passions: Find truc love tL
puter programming (Cur
Karate (Pride) 2

Arcanos: Inhabit 3, Pandemonium 2, Pupp

Fetters: GA state Karate championship trophy, 3
ment ring (given to 3 different women), 2; Box of disks c
raining original progranin

th 4, Dexeerir

icy 4, Computers 2, Medicine 1

more ahout coun
ity) 2, Demonstrate his prowess at

ng, 1
Willpower: 7

Pathos: 5

Shadow: Director

Angst: 5

‘Thorns: Freudian Slip, Shadow Teaits (Computer +2)

Shadow Passions: Drive off p
vor (Self-hatred) 3,
all disks with David's peo
Tmange: David Duvalics is dhe seal
some stranger. His skin is cafe au lait, his
atk brown. His eyes show a great deal
huis winniy smile alm

c with offensive

you are uy to but everyone who knee you Welland thse
few and far be ichinations and sip
ply ignores ther. S ively attempe te woo any
male within passing distance, but subtly, roman

yous eyes. Put on your best 13 watt sme forall of

meet; they could be someone important. You are certain thi
the upper echelons of the Hierarchy are trying eo keep oy
from becoming the powerful leader you were me

aval you've recenly come up with a new plan to hat
situation, All your plan reqqites i a few Enfants to conving
that you are ight, The time for new blond in the Hierarchy

ong past due, and with just a little c youcoul

The Silent Leg

niles the Silent Legion thai of the
tome, he makes valiant effin ti
than

cful wo

‘mess During those cimes, Mark Cteed often dons the ma
and regalia of the Anacreon, randomly choosing sides and

ting the waters of trouble among the Anaereon and

sions. Ironically enough, he seems more capable than Seevety

‘of actually leading the group, but only when a subject interes
him. As time goes on, €

wonder f Ane

what he is doing, perhaps hopiag

lieved of the burden the jab has become: If Andiey,

even knows what Creed has been up to, he shows to sig

Considering the state of affairs in the Skitlands, i steal

of its on

iF Aee more Huumeronus thn eve

id, but only half-hearted, Shelt

much more interested in discovering the truth about het chil

and hoping that they will find he:

Andrew Stevens

Andrew Stevens lived his life fly, cottent to gn on fan
aristocracy. His plancatis
ind hi

the Silent Legion continues co grow

Mary Harris does

was well stocked with slave,


fo _sncoanm

inet Still, he wns never tidy hoger Andrew Longest tr marry
hischildhood sweetheatr, Antoinette Berrian, but she wanted
oth with him, having found a man in New York to
parey A met the man, Richard Prescott, whi
Sa ing and never came back hime. Upers hear

ing of che marriage, Andrew threw himself into Pe

net e her

Grovk after a heavy rain. His body was never found,
cacy that might have tnken place was eut short by the Civil
Wir

Since his demise, Stevens searched for Antoinette. While
he lived, he followed her everywhere, and after her death, he
searched for her in the Shadowlands. Finding her nowhere

must have i
ach was her goodness, Since that time, he bi
model citizen, to lose hinvself ln his work rather than think of
fhelove he lont. As
a eae gives bi

Stoves believes cat ch

Nature: Traditionalist,

Demeanor: Dilercante
Cohort: Anacteon of the Silent Legions

Physical: Serength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina +

s harisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Alermess 3. Be

Invimidation: 3, Streetwise

Expression 5, Intuition 4,
Subeerfuge 5
2, Leadership 5, Melee 5, Per:

Knowledge
Linguistics
Occult 3, Politics 4, Seience 1

sreaucracy 5, Enigmas 4, Investigation 3,

{ Portuguese), Medicine 2,

(Latin, French

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Eidolon 2, Memoriam 2,
Hierarchy Searus 4, Wealth 5

Passions: Loves Antionett
Become the most succesful An

4, Embody 3, Lifeweb 3, Mi

Arcanos: Any
peuy4

Fenters: Antoinette's gravestone, 4: Peachtree Creek. 3
Willpower: 7

Thorns: Tainted Touch , Trick of Light

Shadow Passions: Abandon hope
Antoinette (Despair) 3,
Anacreom (Selt-Harred) 4

 imesponsibly in the position of

s-He

ptiquated, dating back t

ver shows any sign of weakney

es ae Very app?
bhe simply stands w paulering his next

When

ion, chains, mask and ull

Roleplaying Hints: Never show any real emotion,

inder and politician. Anger i akvolut

and you always speak reasonably and passionately. You

havea delicate Southern drawl, as opposed to the vulgar
rmany of the riff-raff cha

romantic and pr

You

urround you. You are
er to remember the past as opposed ta lv

{ng in the present

Mark Creed

Mark was paralyzed at the age of twelve when
driver careened off of the road and ran through bis living room

wall, pian e ground and breaking his neck. Ama
ingly, the substantial damage did nox kill him, but it did leave
him in the hospital for almost three years while he recovered,

In the me
about computers.

Mark amused himself by reaching himself
Mark wallowed an bitterness for thi

his life, until he finally shot himself nthe bead with his

lives the life he always wanted to
h, ashe could notin life

2 gauge. Mi

person
Nature: Brov

Demeanor: Jester
Cohort: Victims
Physical:
Socials Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearan
ligence 4, Wits 4

eness 4, Athletics 3, Bea

Despalt
Dexterity 4. Stamina 4

Mental: Perception 3,1

‘Talents:


Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Performance I, Stealth 4, Sur
BR vivat 2

Knowledges: Computers 4, nvestigition 2, Sclence 4

Passios
(Envy) 4
Wane

in life
c (Hate) 3,

2. Embody 4, Outrage 3, Puppetry 4
2; Shotgam,1

i grows where the scar is, He has a

ind 0 menacing Jook: in his eyes.

Life sucked lemons, so live Death to
and the things d

nthe lat

H Roleplaying Hin
YP cs falls. Everythi
WN

were late, and she had
feed her twin boys. Peth
had stayed around after finding ou

husband
nthe eit

ater. Mary heard about a job openis

local bank and, putting on her best clothes, went to
the position. Having no money, and no loving relatives save
for Terry; Mary was forced to leave the tw
tended. Mary got the job. When #!
park, the entire complex was si

While Mary was gc

home ua

than Mary's anguished cries w
niny through the area. Mary could not stand wha
one, and threw herself in front of the fast-moving tin
"There was little left to buy.
overwhelining level of guilt, purehwsed

e cemetery. The
shows Mary

ends and is pert
Nature:
Demeanor: Child


h 2, Dexterity 2, Seamin:

ipulation 1, Appearance 5

Drive 1, Meditation 1, Repair 1

Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 1, Linguistics 1

Arcanos: Eb

Fetters:

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 7

Shadow: Monster

‘Thorns: Bad Luck, Tr
Pe) >

mage: Mary Harts Looks exacely as she did in ie, She i
Hymag wornan, slightly to with dark blond hat andl
fbn eyes. Her eyes constantly leak tears, and her hands
diboodstained aoe

Roleplaying Hints: You are
Ae otever sea
He vearchiny for
anil So; hoping that thoy wi
Dine by, you eagerly answer questions or just listen as they
ak oftheir own troubles

Heion Legion

Al age belonging vo th
Legion, beli

ose souls who died
Justin Whately,
in powe

does his best to make certain

n the Iron Legion dies peace
to erwute that the elderly in At
sthly troubles, hop

more prominent

the situation, bur ther

1m Thomas Kersh

usin Whately

ea

pedophile

Social: Chat dain 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wats 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Aw

nest I Joeuition 3, Tntienida


‘Skills Crafty 3, Drive 2, Farms 1, Lexdersip 4; Melee 4
Performance 3

Kosowedgess Burenicrcy 5,
Science

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Ari
tha doesn't hos), Contacts 3, M.

working pockec wa
iam 4, Hier

nuch wealth and power as posible

(Greed) 5, "Love" children (Lust) 3

Arcanoss Fi
petry 3

Fettern: Diary, 2; Grave, 3

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 6

Shadows Monster

Angst: 4

Thorns: Aura of Comuption , Infamy 3

Shadow Passions: Squander all wealth (Last) 5, Abuse
hilton (Hate) 5

Images Justin is 0 charmniry man, short, portly and fll of
viuor. Justin wears clothes from the 1960%, the em when he
the samme wealth in death, although his deals with Reapecsanxd
shavers alike have mode him wealthier than he ever was in life

Q Justin rends to stare for geear lengthy of time ut the pocker

watch he brought over with him whett he died. Justin smells
faintly of eer

Roleplaying Hints: Oh, but y
ive off un aura of self-confidence, you faitly brim over with
chirm. Smile and smile some mote! Whenever you
woman, kis her hard, and always give a firm hand
he men. If you should meet a child of either sex

mm 2, Outrage 3, Pandemonium 2, Pup:

are ever wf

Thomas Kershaw

Thomas Kershaw alw
how the woeld worked. WI
A street comer one day wh

a magician performing
cen years old, he wa
nd the craft of illusion,
i. He was

nd he was getting
owing and several ap
shows. Touring the cournty and

very good indeed, with a ational f
FesGoumling tx cocktail bates,
Thomas (better known sn those days ax "The: Magn

Kershaw") didn' care about the money. He Loved what he was
doing, and that was enough. Thomuas alms amore he'd ret,
just ws soon as he'd done one more wick...but hisomm drive to

Perfect his craft prevented him fom ever allowing hisnself to

rest. His career ended abruptly when an embolism enuptedil
his brain.
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Deviant
et: Followers of the Iron Lady
h 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5. Manipulation 2

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligene

4, Wits 5
Awareness 3, Exp
4, Intuition 2, Streetwise

Knowledges: Eniginas 3, Occult 2, Linguistics | (Fremel
Arcanos: Inhabit 4, Me Puppettyd
Backgrounds: lo 3, Mena
Passions: Contiave enter

covet "the perfect
Fetters: Magic progr: Cane, |
Willpower:

Pathos: §
Shadows Pusher
Angst: 4
Thorns: Shadow

(Top Hat), Trick of Light
Shadow Passions: imburniss Kershaw publicly (SeltHil

tred) 4, Abandon pesforming (Despair) 3

g people (Love) 5, OM
ick" (Curiosity

ip Har, 1; Cards, 2

miline (black rable), Tatnted Rell


Uap defiao. He always appears in a tracitional p

dominant, he also has atop hat and a black rabbit with
Roleplaying Hi

athe Shadowlands. Ne

pple arguing; the Underword is filled w

the Peitet Lesions

William Mil
ster
talvith their increase «» too does the Penitent Legion coe.
The ro grow. Reaping the axylumsand psychological wards as
well w the any people who require, but must do without
Fifesional care. In truth, che name is hardly # good indica
fhm of how most mete

yes are challes

You are amazingly lamb
the Underworld with your talents. Sadly
in your pulling rabbits out of your hat
ce it by idly and listen to the sounds

enough pair

ss. He isa nuisance to most of the
growing nutsance. The number of

families and drug abusers ison a strong upswing,

ofthe Penitent Lrgion feel. There

Jie litte true organization within the ranks of the victims

Wades. Most tend co lean rowirds handling thelr own

uly ales and dealing as isles powsible with ¢

fictions of the Ficrarchy. William Miller has no trouble with

mber of his own Legion could w
Naratia King is one of the

as the

the concepe

leo incerfeve with his desire

he is
Data, any affection is better than none. The lack of strong
five: has not stopped William. The Anacreon has simply
bond gathering favors from the Greyboys and the Sons of
Aelmperial Dr
Fei hs utual understanding with both groups
Jai strong desire to ald the Anacrean of the Penitent Le
Gon 10 return foe continued support

fflian Niller

ain Mille wa

3. Hie tendency towards leniency on their

aised a staunch Southern Baptist and
Sod, Country, and White Supremacy

cil. William rried his hand at being «

Teter, but found that his lust for yo

Ipsiog in his way. He

faght inthe act. Disgusted by

Beck to the farm and tried to set his heart into the

ing the fields. When his impure thoughts

eK Klux Klan in an attempe to squelch his feelings. As

of the Klan he tortured andl murdered ex-slayes along
ab his brce week, and in time his desires began

at
Bin the rime he cou

abruptly when he and his buddies
assaule, and Williaan Mil
ath did ne
h filler soon learned a few
the way, In 1911,

ick the Ripper + body count four
times over and killing a tc wo

ced the wrong howe to
met a shotgun blast at close rang

Even, vn that toce through
helped him along
iy in Addanta as

In recent years, Miller has risen to lead the so-called Per
There was a great deal of debate «
as he was claimed by the Penite

the Legion of the Grim. The Anacreon of Fate was called in,
eat deal of deliberation, t was tuled that he in

deed belonged to the Laughing Lady. Miller has learned to let

incerfere with his administrative duties.

Nature: Fanatic

Demean

Cohorts Anacreon of the Penitent Legions

Physical: Sir

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 2,

qth 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5


Skills: Crafts 3, Drive 1, Leadetship 4, Meditation 2,
Melee 5, Stealth +

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Linguistics 1, Medicine 2,
Ceeult 2, Seience 1
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contscts 5, Eklolon 1, Notoriety 5
Passionst Show himself to be w competent ruler (Pride) 3,
this past Built) 4
Arcanos: Embexty 5, Moliate 4, Outrage 4, Pupperry 3
Retterss Klan ce
awards, 3

Willpowers 6
Pathoss
Shadow: The Parent

misdeeds

1; Knives, 4; Descendants of his

‘Aura of Comuption , Tainted Relic 5 (A long
back whip, woven with sharp feaginenes of Stygian steel. This
whip does Strength + 4 damage)
Shadow Passions: Demonstrate the superiority of the white
and sexually abusing others (Pra) 5, Re
termber every abyise urd saul ever committed (Shame) 3
Images William Miler looks around 25, with abi

wut wnd dare grey eves. He
tuscled and stands 6 7

farmer's clothes, but oe
jorm of his posit

nd crew:
lightly freckled and heavih
call, Miller is normally dressed in
ically he wears che full dress un
oc the full regalia of a Klansman,
Roleplaying Hints: You don't like lerring anyone near
you They might swe past the mask you wear ar all times and
what you are really like. You seldom speak unless you have
business to attend to. You enjoy the
f) and the Sons of the Dragon, and ofte
Bin recur for promise of leniency.

D vata King

Nataria was only three when her fathes
renult of drug akliction. By tive age of five, she had g
J by the state
seven, she never even questioned what she had done:
she simply took the heatings her parents heaped on her
ied at the age of eight, shox by a ex
he money her parents owwed him fo
The tides have tured, and now
itanyone else that happens to live i
Natatia n

to the decaying apartment buildin

and such is the case with Natat
te think Na
clearly

While mary p atts mad she just feels that
an others do. She believes she
{s the workings of the world. and in a certain way
she does. [tts just thu
wit that of mont pe

Cohort: Victims of Madness

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 1, Stamin

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appe
Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Skills: Crafts 1, Performance 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Enigins 4, Medicine |
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Eidolon 4, Memoriam 3

derstand her parents (Curiosity) 4; Fiadla

Arcanos: Castigite 3, Embody 2
3, Phantasm 5

Fetters: Parents, 5; Apartine

Outrage 5,

where she dled, 4
Willpower: 8

Pathons 9

Shadow: Leech

Angst 3

Thorns: Trick of the Light, Freudian Stip

Shadow Passiona: Avoid Parents (Terror) 3, Kill the oi
who shot her (Hate) 5

mage: Nararia appears alternately as a cute lee mop
with pink bows and her Sunday dress smiling, happy an ah
fre, and as a gaunt, shriveled child, bloody from the ena]
beatings she received atthe hands of het patents. She harerg

Seveesevey Ste


pranks. The really good pranks even get

juve have to kill every single member
turever enters your building. Still, you do have a soft spot for
len, will even play with them given a chance, and tend
fihunt down those who would hurt them.

fhe Gaunt Legion

The Gaunt Legion, ec
Kece, is led by Carl Hammond and, sadly, continues co grow
without assistance. Carl dows 1 se with slavery or with

posed of those who died of pesti

ton, With Sue, he is one of the most vocal oppanents ofthe
‘uve rowand "feudalism," insisting that i ts deceptive and just
B.avrally wrong, resandless of whar i is called. To Cath a
rormal diy's work involves listening to the troubles suffered
Fyimost of his Legion and making whatever efforts he can to eee ttt Sammon
few the suffering af the newest recruits. Carl is very non-po- —~——-
Ieeal by nature and only shows up ac the regular meetings of mot popes Login, and he can not help but worry
tke Anacreons to avoid having somcone else step in during he has sccepted his new post gracefully and will continie
hs Carl dislikes most of the Mnacreons as a general do his best te nis duties

they ate self-serving and act so mvc like
cians, The only exception to this rule is Mary Anne
Fobinson. As the isallowed no vore as the Anacreon of Fate
she believes btiht. Mary Anne returns like for like by tak
Gal roubte

rrness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, ln

3, Drive 2, Leadership 2, Melee 4

‘Curl was born in Louisiana and moved to Atlanta as
a reputarion for havin a liberal ue
toward sexuality, Ava gay man in the South, Carl welcorned
ihe opportunity to live in a supportive community of accept Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Eidolon 3, Memoriam 5
ing people: While there were a few occasions when Adanca Passions: Make the transition to the Shusdowlands is eany

4k bele in Shotokan took as possible (Kindness) 3, Rule fairly and honestly (Pride) 4

vat Tess thay hospitable, Cart b
ore of any potential problems. He opened the Queen Mary's Fetters: Queen Mary' Pub, 5; DeKally Medical Center, 3
Pib only a few years before the doctors discove: Willpower: 8

operable cancer, but he dted a rich man Pathos:

Shadow: The /

Angst: 6
Thorns: Seul C
Shadow Passions:

the Centet for Disease (

oul of ehe bars popularity. The bar is ow ru n
o has opted to respect Carl's wishes and leave

Alice Carlyste
the bar as ic

Carl hins watched the development of vinuses resistant t

Always a pr

pede medical research, 4; Destroy
ra, §

Image: Carl appears asa slight but handsome youth. His
hair is light blond and falls about his head in waves of gold

snibiotic witha eeat desl of appre
anc of better funding for AIDS research, Carl now faces an
mar as Anacteon and representative of the

and athletically lean. Elis eyes ate
nearly always smuling

ibe of disease. However, Carl fears that his will won be the in hei


Roleplaying Hints: You hud a good life and you want to
nuke the transition over to the afterlife as easy us postle for

tls. Always eat the newly-Dead gently; let them
thor they ace at alone i Deaths

ae
te Levion of Fate
BR Mary Aine Robinson keeps bet opinions most ta he

: Way Anne "—

Mary Anne Robinson loved ball

nd ea dal
that her ballec
oal made more money than his dry wall business. She has

pists ced, Mary Anne likes to believe that

ters and an estranged husband who resent

and the word of many who knew him seems to sup

Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Dilertance
Cohorts Anaereon of Fate

Physicals Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

arisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Awareness 2, Athletics 5, Dede 4, Expres
Intuition $

Skills: Crafts 5, Drive 3, Leadership 4, Melee 2, Peril
mance 5, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2,
Investigation 4
Areanost Argos 3, Keening 5, Lifeweb 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 4, Eidolon 4, Ment
vam 1, Hierarchy Seams 5, Wealth 3

Passions: Continue to care for het family (Love) 2, Org
see the operation of her Bullet School (Pride) 3, Jude al
wraiths fairly and honestly, 5

9 Lusbeind sind chile, 3, Daller She

imputers 3, Enlumas

Shadow Passions: Abandon the arts (Despair) 3, ug
in baw veel)

Image: Mary Anne is slender and geaceful. Het lin
well toned, and her figuee is tall and willowy. She has
black bait, normaly w
features ore striking, and she w
obsession with dance: long full lowing skires and leotands pi
marily

Roleplaying Hints: Y
and the children you
tion and you will do your beat to uphold the t
Ladies of Fate, Smile seldom, and try to
quickly ns possible. You seem a litle brusque t
bur that's only beeause you try so h
despair Unbeknownst to you,
have adopted in liew of yo
Riders

Teme na ates Hurting Socey

Soctery ia very sn vay three
this time, bur they are also very influential among

lider Hierarchy wraiths. The theee Sea
mned for their quarterly cotillions, evens that heing together

of Atlanta's Shadowlands. The eotillions are sx
events om a grand seale, and a new wraith garnering an invite
"Hon to one of these cutstanding events could well
deal of prestige if she could « Af with the proper dip
nity, These events are simply part burn
the older wraiths, they are a chance to remember time whe
lige and the afterlife were easier, atime long gone. New Hie

thew shes serps hee (C

of del
ake your point a
© peopl
Linen
veral of the small children yu
own are members of the Heane

to hide you

tet

pany


nthe society of th
Ae young belles are presented at cotillion
Announcemientsof appointments to 0

The Shattered Chain. have mace known their diss

sth wich pompous affairs, and rumors spread befae every ly

fit one fiction o¢ anather plans to cause trouble
2 bas aceurted
he Scatletts prefer to avold sully

aything along the lines of politics, They have the next c

prepare for, and keeping the Dump just s0 is task. The
Sigest problem isa lack of servants. Be
fxch wore important ma
si that dear auth
The Ponce de
Ire vialence a
The wont conflict any of the Scurle
bike last few months involved
Bion

varettCramden

Scarlett was horn Myrtle Crumden in Teaneck, New Jer.
iy Her family moved to Atlanta when she w:

bythe tume she was 16 she had read Gone W

umes. When che movie hit the silver screen, Myrtle at
Fenled the afternoon matinees everyday for the entin
the movie ran. Myrtle didn 0 wat
saris! every line of diate al by

1 Southern Belle, and fluted wnce
the wae married to one Bee
ly ever after. Instead, she

ely suffered u nervou
Iyppimess pill
nos assuredly was not

Nature: [
Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Cohart: The d Haunting Saciety
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2. Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Tilentat Alertness 1, Athletics 1, Intuition 3

Skills: Avsreties 1, Crafts 2, Leadership 3, Performance 4

the life others led (Envy) 3, Seeks to
the manuscript to the sequel 10 Gone

in Roswell, 1

Destrvy the Dump to bring i¢ fur
3, that Mi

angry, simply show Jeasure by pret
wer exists. [Ca newcomer shows an i
‘oc liter wage them In conve

7 brilliance of Mrs. Mitchell's work


Pansy Ledbedder
Pansy Ledbedder's real name in life was Scarlett Ledbedder,
ority of her life tn. a wheelchair. She immersed herself

inal becuse it was easier to tead a book than to make a

Don
the my
in rox
icular, he was font of historical romances, chitly
atnong them Gone With che Wind, She dies in 1980 nfter sur
prising the three youths who had broken into her ho
Scarlett took on the name Pansy after crossing the Shroud
1 i en tht et Mitchell bad originally cho-
foe Scarlett in earlier drafts of Gone With the Wink, or x
the hus been told. ‘The other Scarletts think this is silly and
all her Scatlett, much to her cha-
al, Parry has ¢ hat she
he sie and

will ery her hand at writing as a way of passin

paying cribute to her idol, Margaret Mitchell
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Haunt: The Duinp
Cohorts The Ponce
Physical: Strength 1.
Socials Charwma 2, Manipulation 1, App
Mentals Perception 5, Intelligence 5, W
Tale
Skil

Knowledgest Burcwicrey 2, Linguist

con Ladies' Haunting Society
Nexterity 3, St

Alertnuss 4, Awareness 3, Expresso
Craftx 3, Leadership 1, Performar

+4, Medicine 3,

" Panay Ledvetter

mance of her own (Hide) £

inhabit 2

Thotuss Bad Luck, Pact of Daan (Fatal 2)
Shadow Passions: Destroy the Dump (Hare) 3, Deny
any writing that Pansy does (Envy) 4
Image: Pansy is lender and tall with red hair and grees
eyes. While ata passing glance she does scem ci
Vivian Leigh, she és mach lessan imitation that the
Scarlets, Her skin s very pale, and her smile is infectious. Ea
clothes ate filly, bur tend to reflect
Roleplaying F

a wraith. F

modern styles
waving 0 reat tee
ani dance at cotillion

fou teally
ot the fits time ever, you &
and you can live life walking on your legs. Stil
hhastards that killed you tosuffer endlessly 0 yo
‘Smile, because you really do love the lle y

are a passionate soul and never hesi

wane the

volte thom
are living. Yi
fe to tell someone Wil
youthink of thesn. That is part af the freedam you hive gained

Scarlett Grant

Abigail Dennehy
he was in a dn

it was murdered. by her hushinl
rage. They td lived together a
Justund and wife for willy chree years, but In thu time Ta
had bartled constantly, He demanded a wife thar would obey
his every whim, and she demanded that be take a leap off he
<lorest building ledge, and then they fought. He only won aha
half che Gane. The other times, she would ger in a hellicias
mon his head. When he finaly
ated, at least as far as Abby na
concerned. Stil, she loved ian sith all ler Irish heat atid
nisocs hin tnlay: They were lviefly reunited while be made
his apologies for the shabby way he'd treated her in lite, and
then be was taken by ONlivion. Though she lived and dig
hefore the publication of Gone With the Wind, Seatlett Gea
ws sou ao she could obsatin a rele eopy of it and sind
uipon it as an ideal fantasy life. Upan meeting the other
It was Scarlere Geant who proposed that the
the Ladies Haunting Society, In death, she is able t
she never could befuwe, al she relish it
Nature: Duec

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Cohort: The Ponce de Leon Ladies' Haunting
gth 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Socials Charisma 2, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3


Mitchells "Dump' Consumed in Flame!

Ladies Haunting Society Declares Week of

waitin
fonts "h




Heretics believe that they must fight fire with fire. The do not
trand their enemies for thit would be "using the Mark of the
Beast" in the eyes of Peter Ashford.

The Hand of Retribution dics noe attempe to ceuvest
tmeinbers of other Cul, accepting instead thar the foolish Cult
imembers have yune over to worshipping false prophets. The
‘only exception comes from ohet Cults that have similar be-
lief the Hand, Those rc the oner who ate simply mnizguiged
in the way they worship, not in what they worship.

While the Hund prefers to avoid physical confrontation,
they are nor beyond wing violence against their enemies. As
iFoften dee ee wit Heretic Calis, dhe Hand ts fully capable
‘of reinterpreting and intentionally misquoting a single sen-

vice of the Bible o make their point known: where one week
the angument might be to "turn the other cheek,
eye and a tooth for a tooth." There is no solid guideline, and
the deciding voice Is normally thot of the Reverend Peter
Ashfond

The Hand believes thot sinn
ished—all sinners especially the Restless Dead. Many of the
Hands followers re well-hiddew tn the Hicrarchy's ranks, and
1 few even work to insinuate themselves in the ranks of the
Reneyaces. The most dangerous aspect of the Hand 1s theit
solid belief thar thave wher speak blasphemy against them must
be punished severely and the understanding that enough pain
sin cause even strict nonbelievers ta convert. They are ad
ietous facsiom, at lethal and sinister as the inquisition af its

are meant to be pun:

The Reverend Peter Ashford is a hard inan to serve
ier, He expects the same unswerving loyalty from his follow
ts thathe expects from himself. There is doubt chat Ashiorct
betieven his awn doctrines, for the tests he has designed to
prove the loyalty of his followers are all tests he willingly cakes
inset

Howieveg thie Hand's doctrines ate dangesous at best anal
require mich from the followers. The wember of the cult are
expected to work vigorously to convert new members and are
often pursued by the Hierarchy for attempting to spread the
"Tuth ot Almighty GoeL" The members of this cule are not
fpermitred to remain silent when they see a person doing wrong.
They ae instead forced to eoadrone the wrongdoer with a lise
of the sins they have seen and an explanation of what truly
Nes beyond the cold heh realms of Purgatory

Player ining with the Hand will
face const wleasant views wf the Un:
derwotld, and worse fates could cusily wait around the corner.

thao a few members of the eult have been capured and
forced into Thralldom, and once cupeured, they ate sekdoen in
the city long enough for any rescue attempts tw be munle. The
Hand alto believes that the Knick-Knack Manis hack in town
mnall for daring to voice theit opin

and prepared to tot

the Hand inuch fear, because mont of them are
the ways of brainwashing and worwe and are
will not be taken down by Hierarchy torture

Plagcis vila Hae ana of Reelin wil gab

Ave Hae requites tha riew "sectults" Le ucalvely sou
tured and converted to the true faith. To be sut, thee

abe the recom axiice] Aukfor ss Hl al
is trlisco rhe
sd. There are these that say the advancen

Adyanicenenn wishin cher

she Haden ci mda Pitan doer

al, Those few who have attempted to sel out the
forthe rewards offered by the Hierarchy have ended up di
‘peasing within days Ave tuecdaaatices willing fae Hacc
from both Peter Ashford and from the enemies he has
Would they dare rid finding our mene abou his plan
metho if the Hierarchy offered 1

The Reverend Peter Astford

The Rew
was only ten years old fila npelical circuit hia
allof the South. psinene his prefered
and he still handles tent revivals today. The Reverend Jedi
a tent fie, deliberately set by an angry father to puis hima
foiling to cure a youre gic of her partial paralysis with the
power of his faith. While the Reverend spend much of hit
time in Atlanta, he stil wanders to other places for tn
time in search of his musderer.

leonically, Peter Auulord truly found relighow afar fi
death. He spent several weeks ina state of newr-shock uteri
caul was removed, pondering the sigaificance af the
Shadowlands and the lack of any sign that Heaven or Hell
anywhere ta he found. Eventually he drew the conclusion til
the Underworld of the wraiths was nothing mare than Ping
tory, and that he must convert others to the propet way al
thinking, He has decided thar his destiny isto lead the mi
guided wretches around him to Heaven, ao matter what th
cost in souls

Nature: Critic
Demeanor: Fanatic
Physical: Strength 2, Dexcerity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
‘Talents: Alertness 4, Expression 4, lotuition 5, Inti
tion 3, Subterfuge 4

Skillss Leadership 5, Performance 5, Stealth 3, Survivald


The Greyboys

Since the end of the Civil War, gatherings of wraiths have
one under the natoe of the Greyboys: However, che yromp his

changed repeatedly in the last century, often switching from a

Rourke, the "Greymaster. niles che group asa

cof the Hierarchy and their influ

Living, he became enraged for a

he started a conversion over to his new philosophy: the Hier
ly to control the

hey have even barred the

arinies of Stygia, and 40 the Restle

vl
0. While once the
or uniforms and

Ppormunity t0 dh

roy the Hi

we Cults, th
ters: Hidden bank account, 1; Bible, 2; Gold Ring, 1

Shadow: The Freak

Thorns: Had Luck, Trick of Light

otrupe the innocent (Lust) 3, Un.

od Peter isa short, plump man with i wr the time comes to
fnctding huiline, pale skin and
iyectacles and carries wid

Holy Bible. Hi

‘ip when it comes to his followers, but his face reveals

hice chins, He wears round! the assistance offered
ney of abo bold us weak ani
‘tally hanes biadincpieind vertamnly not capab ve just how danger

- bourn

the Hierarchy is in reality. They do not advertise theit con

8 their eur
es what is painfully uli

fghteous indignation when dealing with what he 1 mitment to Seyi, b
‘he heathens and unwas
Roleplaying Hints:

ed anasses one else te

1 Hy to codvinge the heath

der Greyboys disagree with whar Rourke

Isten, Most refuse
fie Transcendence cssbility for them, not
ubsmict concept. Those thar will listen you treat with care, led to nothing

Rewtles F
fers of salvation are either ignore
‘or "converted" against their will. You are

liming that his ineerference ity thelr polities has
le. While many of the

tan has donc

Ider weaiths @ 18

with members of the Shattered Chain and raking control from 9


the upstart *"Greymaster.

eyes of the Hierarchy. Bat they are also a powerful Cult, and
one that believes in several ideas thae are worthwhile in the
y arnoryg the Restless Dead. They are also actively

g new recruits Joi
‘benefits to the ct

ng with the Gresboys would allow
acters, Not the least of which «a
at they will gain protection and weapons with,
ht ngninst the Hierarchy,

Should the plavers decide to join with the Greyboys, they
will soon diseover just how dendy a force the Heretics have
become: Active capture of hy weapons is already tak:
ng place, and the Grey s have led to
several grand schernes tha
Atlanta's Hierarchy and the possible fall of the Anacreons.
The power void left by their fall could
proportions of te a new coalit

Sone say that the Greyboys have plans
atire city is consumed by barrow-flame ine a riot
fire. Ib this true? How ean they be a
topped? Should the players warn oth
will happen ifthe Hierarchy finds
Are the

Captain james Rourke "the Greymaster"

James Rourke, lke Jebedinh Rourke, suffers from a
cure. Jmey planned to live bis life as best he could, work
hard fora living and ras
caped when he got his girl

pped!? Should they be
an if

out about the

reybus inthe right?

the unexpected family that devel:
nd pregnant. James opted to de
the "honorable" thing and marry her, ard
fine young von named Kirk. By the time their son was barn,
advanced training as a Green
(o enter the jangles of Viet Num. By thei
James was in his second rour of dury, and
jungles had definitely had a negative affect on
antic bay that had married his sweet
heart wae replaced by 1 cold, calculating killing raachine, James
ly cauttows and bordered on paranoid. That
om a bullet from tearing the majority of his
head away from his shoulders. James spent a few tumeless eter:
nities fighting wgunst the nightmares his owt twisted psyche
‘cuted lav his mind and ia the Tempest before renuming to
his wife had been forced into life of
rowitution in order to support herself and their child. At chat
nent, all that was good and decent in Jaimes Rourke died,
replaced by the cold empey depths of despair. As time went
‘the Hierarchy and the factions that fight
Charon's Underworld. He decided to cre-
n faction, ome that would lead the city t

however, James was alteady
Beet anil prepa

did nat save him

iyainat the rulers

He and his Greybuy

chy for over weary ye

conan one oom)

coming of age. The Greyinaster has plans for his wn, Hell
y waiting for the right time,
Nature: Bes
Demeanor: Bravo
Cohort: The Greyboys
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Seaminn 3
Social: Charisma 3pManipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
‘Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Awacenen 2,
Dodge 4, lntinida
Skills Cra

Brivis,

Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Drive 3, Firearms 5, Leadership 5, Melted,

wval (Jungle) 4, Demolitions 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Investig

Maslicine 1

ion 2, Linguistics

1 (Styptan Sword), Ca
0 am 1, Status 4
le Atlanta (Greed) 4, Hat
his grandiather (Hi
ate 5, Outrage 2, Puppetry 5

Hierarchy and Jebedi
Arcanos: Lifeweb 2,
Festers: Wife, 1; Son, 1

The Director
Angst: 6
Thorns: Aura of C
Shadow Passion
the Greyboys (Hate) 5

ruption, Bad Luck, Freudian Slip
Incite people to perish in service


face is sharply angled. When around
When
cd as granite

thee Creyboys, James is faiely relaxed and easygo

ly. His hair

linens You are a man with

rion is the utter destruction of the Hie

tse That burtle fed wo your death,
Fgviog sbuut being hile

and you do not feel very
fore we. Explain passion:

Hierarchy us
what qualities the

anyone that asks
wrown grand

Htarchy look

Antibald Stane

bald Stane died afew days after
ja by wuy of Viet Nam. Archie

fhe point man inh

Bacrnponces don'e always les

Freepainved ba ike

Ipehull hin, bue the diseases that enter

sph most certainly did. Archie Stane rem

uly James Rourke tried to save hie, carry

Firboure on end, eryiyg co tench th

fen could land. He slipped nw

Hienents before buller

fuming to the Atlanta Ne

inva lender

Upon

with Rourke, he discov

Appearance |
Wis3

wl 4, Dodge 4, In

Backgrounds: Allies 5. Contacte 2, Eidolon 3, Haunt

Ment

jssiagFatnily (Love) 4, Racist, hare
re 3, Usury 1

re he once f

Willpower: 6
Pathos: 5

Roleplaying Hints: There are ony nwo things thar mat

ter anymoce- Captsin Rourke and your fanuly. You do what

ever Rourk you,
These days, very lite

sit goes against. your code

Church of Unholy Ecstasy

Denil Tay
cnt Colts

leads the most influential of several differ
low the path ta "Hell" De

that really can perform miraéles,
veryane else believe. Many of the sacrifice

wrnanship
the coffers
stagy, The nuumbers sicttic

pear ate shunted int the

small but growing as Densil rewards bis loyal followers with
new toys and Relics given to him in exchange for the

per Five: The Heres

The seuls that §
todateare 4

nlshe 2


delivers. Denail does not ta errayal, no does he to
Ate questions thar are too close to the truth. Anyone who dis-

what che Followers of Unholy Ecstasy are up to is hunted
and deycruyed at che fist opporeuntey

While i # not recommended
with Denil Taylor or his Churc
that they cer him a viable opcion. Denzil serves only
bus masters and he will gladly take the players aboard as mem:
bers of the Cult. But will he carry them to his masters a8 an-
other sacitice, oF will he ceach them the ways onic st
vitude? The Church is not known for its ume n efforts,
and any characters Angst Would likely grow higher and higher
as they performed the rites ofthis Church

Dena Taylor

Denil toyed with the occule
decided that pl

t player characters join
there is always a chance

¢ a long time, und finally
nonic stranger" woul
and money. His illicit charm
‘dark path" The one thing
really was a Satanist and perfectly willing to prove it by sacri

ark masters. Upon te

ig the part of the
ben great way to get women, de
ts th

red on, was

red brett many people

ficing him eo her
Denil dei

hing the Underworld,
that the time hod came to put his penctices t0
‘we again, this time for real, This may well be Hell, and he
Intends to be on the winning side of the battle

Natures Architect
Demeanor: Jester
Physicals Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Is Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

‘eck

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Awareness 2, Baw
Doge 1, Expression 3, Intuition 3, Intimidation 2, Streetunel
Subterfuge 5

‘Skills: Craft 4, Dnve 2, Firearms 3, Leadershup 4, Med
Pesformance 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 2, Investigatond
Linguistics 2. Medicine 3, Occult 5, Religion 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Artifacts 2 (an ornate social
ddagger and a medallion), Contacts 3, Eidolon 1, Heretic $a
tus 4, Wealth 3

Passioass Waitins for summons by demonic lords Fah
Seeks out "carthly pleasures" (Lust) 2, Fears for his sal (Ta
roe) 4

Willpower: 7
Pathos: 6
Shadow: The Parent
Angst: 5
Thorns: Aura of Corruptic
Shadow Trait (+1 Manipulation)
Shadow Passions: Show everyone chat Dena' pone
are all 9 sham (Self-Hatred), 3; Make Denzil look like 0 fill
(Insecurity), 2
Image: Denzil is clean cut with short brown ha an
le stands 6" in height nnd ts very good shape ti
ly wears 9 white robe with black trim and hood, al
mask chat is completely featureless and made of Stycin al
leaves his Haunt, but when he docs, ell
x the finest yuppie clothes he can find.
Roleplaying Hints: Never ler them see thar you ate aba
tard. Always treat the newcomers well, and promise chem ee
erhing they could want. You are everyone's best frien. al
you never have anything bad to say ubour anyone. When i
gh your
sae all ying
up's work, Pethaps if you can gather eno
followers and enough souls, you can exchange them fr yout
freedom from this nightn

Followers of Samedi

Dark Allies 3, Infamy

shulee your
childce
play ina grow

him

pects loyalty andre
want, Raphael isa sly chat
we power of hi
‘Cult and just as diligently to ensure that the Shattered Chia

ceives that loyalty from his
natic man who works diligently to increase
Every member of his Cul also a member of the Share
‘Chain, the Renegade gang, though the same cannot be suid iy

cause the


‘ene, Followers of Samedi would almost qualify as a Ren:
pide Gang in and cof th
feform and the
Hye sualified them ss one of the most da
nas. They believe that their ites bring them
ically enough, they have
tholutely nothing to break the Code y have
faply announced that they exist. Even Raphuel Benouvre
fie the lowes when the pe upteimacy rears its
in does, The Followers of Samedi agsee com:

mselves, but the careful rituals they

al powers they are alleged to develop

aota's Shade

Shwe to Transcendence. |

of whit

igly head. While 1

pleely that 0 cits of the Dragon-Sons

4

There ate afew members of this Cult intent on co
fling over the Shattered Chain, believin
lat best and how to bring the Sons of the Im
»thelt knees. To date, the only thing that has stopped d
aire radical faction is the commandins R
& few members of the Cult believe
ised the Cult for too long, a weak and c«
th yeriaps the time bis come for a stronger leader to step in
duke his place

Rephael Benouvre is a force to be reckoned with, or at
fas thats the belief held by most whd have met him. He
fide no secret of his Cult activities, and he has obeyed every
li ofthe Stygian Hierarchy, paying his dues and serving the
tieeits of the Hierarchy ay if he believed in ch
Thal: In ruth, the Followers of Samedi believe that they ser
there of the Restless Deas
Thete ate alleyations that the Loa works dircetly
paca iy fallow dl
™
ower una spirit alike
the Walking Dead who serve Samed
Woodline currently in Adlanta,

e rules de

¢ Lo, Baron Samedi, the mat

to time filed with the Loa's

Raphael has ye any of

there ate none of thar

from the Hierarchy,

There is little danger of interferes
Fpl! has seen so that by officially support
ihe Shattered Chait have m
Dragonsand many

feof the Follower

fn unison with
in Atlant
of Samedi

Suskwelands. Surprisingly, a number ofthe F
vee Caucasinn, Hispanic and Oriental

Inthe long nun, the Follawersof Samedi can offer licle

afety from the Hierarchy
ng the H
¢ Hierarchy wou

hom

kl like to find the

syor character
some of the other

infiltrat
Cults anc! Gangs, but there is still » real &

Benouvre is nee k

and ifeven

rumors about his amazing powers is true, the cha
Ws od

lowers

acters would indeed be walking when spying or

the charismatic leader of the F

Raphael Benouvre

Southern plantations. He

aly tobe captured and retuned. fe wa

(ns. child. He was already familiar with the basic teicts
€ voodoo and quickly learned haw 1 contact entities. He
scame particularly attcacted to the one calling hitmself Baton
5 fa decade aed hint
f anu loyalty to the Baron. When the

< wl com fast and hand to gain hi

ssdom and fight against the South. He gladly joined the battle
1 fight against those who had heen bis captors for «) many
years. When he came back te Atlanta with Sherman's troops
he was shot and killed on his first day of combat. Since then,
Raphael has gained in power an. listening to the voice

all who were willing to listen.
the Restless Dead and
i Corpus. Novae ha
Raphael may wel

reputation.

1 Sarmedt and advis
1st that Kapha

Followers of Sam

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity


tharisma 4,

Social Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wies 4
Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Awareness 3, Brawl 2,

¢ Craft 3, Drive 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 3, Melee

Kaowledgatt Computers 2, Investigation 7, [Ingnierincd
Mosicine 3, Occult 5, Religion 5, Seienc

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Eidolon l, Mentoe 4, Heretic Sea
wu 2, Wealth 3
those who enslaved him (Hatred) 2
Arcanos: Casta 3, Keening 3, Outrage 2, Puppetry 3

Fetters: Chains that bound him in life, 2; Chalice he used
in hisdevorions, 3

Willpower: 7
Pathos: 7
Shadow: The Abuset
Angst: 4
‘Thorns: Dark Allies 5, Death's Sigil, Pact of Doom (+1
Outrage)

Shadow Pussivnas Ty destivy asythiing relating to the
J}, Confederacy (Hate) 3; To weaken others faith in Samedi (Bit
remess) 2

+ Raphael has shore black hair and dark brown si

tag lean, bur his body is tbletic and wellanascled.

the sears of several beating, and he sill has

where he was shoe to death during the Civil War.
he uniform of a Union Soldier with peide

Koleplaying Hints: You smile a great deal, and you frown

just as often, Though you try noe no let it show, you bear a

went to the Caucasians that held you as asbave for

almost a hundred years. Alb, you know things that no one

ese kno, and that adds cerean smugness to your atiiale

‘When you find « wraith interested in che occult, do your best

gather information through questions and

derstand that Samedi can offer them power heyand whar they
rw know

The life on Mas Coalition

The Lifer as they call hemsetves, believe thar life in the
Skinkinds was onty a test, an accidental bump if the cosmos
that eve endure. There surely must be something
the Hierarchy is trying hide. The truth
nit there, but it must be sought. Generally ignored and un-
popular in life, the Life on Mars Coalition bas becom
thing of « phenomenon in the Shadowlands. Their numbe

se growing rapidly, and the arguments that they have devel-
‘oped to prove theic point about life on other planets are filled
with fitets and tigures thot are amazingly accurate. While for

Hin buck by

(grea ren

the most part aqulet group of Heretics, they have nonethele
managed wo gathe uv nny other Cult runnin
in the Necropolis. They claim this i because they spea en
the truth, but there are ozhers who simply poune out that
belief char all races and sexes are equal has done much to it
cerease their popularity: Nor ate these statements simply Fp

poginda, The Liters do believe in equality ofthe sexes af
‘aces, s fervently as they believe inthe ruths recited on
dicated sci-t shows everywhere. There are claims from so
of the members of the Cult thae the Void leads to thet
but that no one can find the truth until they have pring
themselves fora perfect existence by removing helt bse
expanding thes minds ro conceive ofa perfect world of hil
smoay and the occasicnul advent

Bartholomew Myron Bentley and All Il Habib ave
curent leaders or" Admirals" ofthe Liters and they tae th
(posts much more seriously than they ever dreamed they woul]
when they founded the Cult. ‘The initial purpose ofthe Lik
swas simply to stop che preposterous level af raion ring
rampant in the Necropolis, but as tine went ony they be
‘more ond more convinced that the answer to al ofthe Re
les! problems lay in the stars There simply fas to bea bet)
sansver to the problems faced by everyone in the Undermull
than following the doctrines of a crusty old wraith who didi
long time ago, and that ste truth thar che Life on Marsan
lion preaches.

The fate of Gene Roddenberry evento of Sear Trek, hl
yet to be discovered. As he is one oftheir greatest kl te
Lifer would like very much ta find hin. He has nor ben
in the Shadowlands, giving rise to speculation that he Tras
scended insantly. Soma wraiths make jokes about Roddenbery
‘being "beamed up," but the Lifer believe thar he fs fut

othe truth they seek

thas yet to take the Liferv and their que
forthe stars seriously. But afew members ofthe Hierarchy ha
noticed thar many members of the various Cohort set pe
fectly willing to be seen talking with members of the Cu
Several have even been overheacd using Lines from the
Coalition's Doctrine, such a "To Boldly Go Where No Wai
Has Gone Before." While there has been litle done abour i
Cult in the pus, the Hierarchy is beginning to take notice
the Life on Mats Coalition and is starting to: wonder fhe
gatherings that take place n the name of the Lifer ate thes
to theie power

While the Coalition is a Heretical Cult they ate me
relaxed about the philosophies they express than most othe
others. That is not necessarily a good thing. The Hier
has noticed thar the Cult getnung a great deal ofinflerg
and some ofthe other cults have taken to watching the Lit
aswell The Chucch of Unholy Ecatayy, the Greybuys and the
Hand of Retbution all have reasons for disliking the Lies
and the primary reason in every ease is thac the Coalithn fa
started pulling recruits from theis own groups

£8 FF OF

aeeeeen res



Backgrounds: Allies 2, Artifacts |(Comauntcator),
Eidolon 5, Memorim 1, Relics 1(Trekkie Regalia)
Passions: Levout in his beliefs

Willpower: 7

Pathos $

Shadows The Mactyr

Angsts 3

Thorns: Bad Luck

Shadow Passions: Harred ot an "A
accepted him (Hate) 4

Umager Abdul is lanky and rall with black haie and brown

yes He normally wears a Star Trek outfit circa 1968, com:
plete with a plascie phaser and a function

Roleplaying Hints: You believe thar the on other

the aliens will come

aliens bear 9 strong resemblance

Explain the truth to
uate friendly and soft-spoken, but passionate
pple truth that there i life on Mars, and else
id the sears.

Bartholomew Myron Bentley

Bart ate; fived, slepe and breathed for science fiction lit-
RPGs. He collected every gaming maga:

ine and every video release that came
‘out. His parents thought thot buying him a computer would
hhelp, but they were sadly mistaken. Bart simply discovered the
wonders of computer bulletin boards and econcinwed ina life
filed with solitude and farstasies. The only time he ever stopped
playing on the computer was when his friends showed up for
the weekend gaming sessions: Bart was attending his frst con-

he world,
where

re was a disastrous
nite collectable 1

hap iwvolving an
cards and a snap

Cohorts Life on Mars Coalition
Physical: Strenth 4, Dexterity
Socials Charisma 2, Mi
Mental: Percept

umina 4
ation

3, Intelligence 4, W

1, Brawl 3, Dodge 1, In

Computers 5, Investigation
ine 2, Science 4

BF Zacthoiomesn Myton Bentley

Paasionss Devout in his belicfs (Faith) 3, Insatiable ex
sity about outer apace (Curiosity

Axcanost Argos 1, Castigate 1, Inhibit 4

Fetters: Battered TY set, 2; TRS 80 commpuiter, 4 Isuell

(fise printing, of course!) of Frank Miller's "Dark Knight

Willpower: 6
Pathos: 6 .
Shadon
Angat: 3
Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Trick of the Li
Shadow Passions: Avoid other people (Fe

dealing with the real world completely (Fear) 5

Phe Abuser

Image: Bart isa very large bo, alment 340 pound hige

anda "Beam Me Up Scotty" T-shirt He

his thick glasses. He is nearly always seen wearing ut ime
Hy long multicolored seat

ond the visible. Your yeats of deine

* aught you that much, But no 9

whole new world has been opened up to you, one in whichthe

nw once dreamed about are real. Your love of the wed

beyond mere surface reality has been rewarded well in ti

Underworld

‘and magic with others


Gaolne Martin

Caroline
td to Ge
nto purwe an

ind eventually become a

tot imeant to be. A aul

scence fiction and fantasy

hospital when she

Fouk set in Os a

a, all the Triffids books and all the
inany people who shared h
suldened to see how many of thera were
Sh red to he perfect as an example to her newfoune
anking Dean's List every term and quickly becou
fil circle. Sul, she al she could do m
fuahod herself co the limi trying ro help others. C
inbed co the hompital

lb the Science Fi

itst-term finals het unio year.
lfenng from extreme malnutrition
Anorexia, Caroline was consumed in & downward spiral ofa:
ay teyin: to do moe, She died over Speing Break, two months
eet of graduating with Fligh Flanoes
Natur
Demeanor: Mareye

Larer diagnosed with

Skillas Ce

Knowledges: Computer 3, Enig

2, Etiquette 2, Meir

Backgrounds: Eidolon 4, Me
Passions: Te
happier (
Arcanos: Fatalisa: 2, Phantasm 3, Lifeweb 4
Fetter: Fint edition printing of Wells The Time Machine, 2,
Autographed copy of Dune, |
Willpower: 7
Pathos: 8
Shadow: Th
Angst: 5
"Thorns: Previn Sip

im 1, Heretic Status |
otect "het" hoys (Love) 3, Ta make people

teal and escape 10
we world of books (Fear) 4; Shatn 's self-esteem (His
all Face with

A very thin girl, Caroline seems

Long sandy beown. hair

She weary «royal blue Tl

e Tempest: "Now Lill believe that there an
Roleplaying Hints: People noed to learn that

isn't the pedeer sok

getaway

saps
to their problems. Sure, you luv
on but i's he
with the pr
{far fire, You are the only @
ane who can help them now, and you will doanythiny to keep @
your friends in the Life on Mars Coalition fron throwing their

Seekers of Paradise

ye neXt pe
help peaple learn t
as they do with the distant past

omewhere, simply lost or deliberately

p then iauing
huis
onger they work the rls, the
he route to Transcen:

wvdall the pleasures that awair them. Because a surptl
yummber of the foun:

ways, the Seekers have 1 great respect for the simple

(Chupter Five: The Heretics

nbers ane old hands at the ral- BQ


belief in freedom above all else. No member of the Seekers
can tolerate the idea of anyone being bow

Jimpriwoned for crimes. They are not fanatical about their sec-
ondary goal, but most of the Seekers will do therr best to free

olicy fas made

win and very bother

he Hierarchy asa whole. The Seekers will gladly
the Midnight Express, bur only if

come from the nid. Any actions taken again

amy wri fr

them very pop
wv dupli

Seeker

sonist. The Seckeryare known to use a variation of Morse
with one another, offer <appity

of Paradise are likely to vesule én ser

hammers against
of the country t
new tec f the Hierarchy when
ved tomake 3 bad situa

ation worse 10 nployers a
chy to understand thei true gous
Joel Chandler

dis, but bi

s isa member
yor known (tev the ral

he Seckers of Para
He claims that he
{implications that 4o many have applied to him, While the
owledye his position within their sociery, he &

Je more asa mascot than asa full member of the Cult.
‘continued tales of Uncle Remus are often passed along

the ras and com hem
The Seekers area branch ofthe Rutlroaders that survived
the dttempts of the Greyhoys to bring them down. They are
ery secretive, and they do not flaunt their beliefs to anyone
Should the player characters become involved with the Seck
ts, they will find that thot lives have chanyged and not neces-
er O ll the Heretic factions located in the

polis of Atlant, the Seekers of Paradise take the most
9 ciks. Workin | systems and

free the enslave Thralls placed when:

The Secke

satily ye the b

Hierarchy
thoxe
nlw work to find the lost path te: Teanscen:
ence, « path they are certain existed hefore Charon and his
Hierarchy hid it away. They are located in other areas as well,
ut Atlanta, being one frequented stops for the
Midnight express and other Hierarchy trains, is a steonghold
for the Seekers, The he Raileo
he past fias done nothing to make

of danger. The Seekers are very cautious
pout wh they will allow to work with them and very swift
thon. On there sep
among them in the hopes

of leatninyg the truth abou the Seekers. None were ever seen,

almer in the ico

s, the Hierarchy has sent sp

There site al
secrets al their
that is known foe cect

tions that the Heretical travelers have
hat allow them to spot infiltrators. All
at

lly hide the truth from the nnants of the

Railroaders. However, once accepted inte the ranks of hi
Heretics, there is little they will not do. to ensure a play
character's safety. The darker secret abouit the Seckers i th
ro one from the Cult has ever been caprured intact. Anya
rempts to question this joup of Heretics alway sal
with the Cult member's discorporation.

Are the characters up to the risks involved in spying
this Cult! Are they strong enough co uctually join with te
Seekers of Paradise? Just whut sorts of tests are require of po
tential members, and why is it thar-no one who his failed
tests is ever heard from again?

Clemson Dewherry

Clemson Dewberry rode the rails for most of his lif, mi
tually mocking at

ling coal ee keep the nssive da

engines hot enough to pull thelr heavy When he way
‘pot working on the line, Clem made a little side m
bare-fsted

ney
wer. Clem oly ost twice, both tiniest the sag
United spect trains thar stall eos ih
«country from ime. He believes very strongly tht
ey penn should have the chance to purive Transcendeae
all people
‘Along the way, he has realized dat

on th

hhas made ic his mission in life to save amy an
eit ray
¢ preaches is one of acceptance of others and tule
ance of differing belief structures

Nature: Caregiver


Mental: Pere

Tale

pssion 2, Lotinvcat
Shall: Cra
Knowledges: Religion 4, Science |
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3,

Passions; Sad about ks of sy many Railroaders
Longs co travel freely (Envy) 3, L

the Hierarchy (Pity) 5,

Arcanoss

Fetters: Train

hlladetp

Willpow:

Path

Cohorts Seekers of

Physical: Strength

nts: Ath

7

at Harcford, CT, 1) Ch

A, Land New York City, 1

Shadow: The Direetor

Angst
Thorns: Bad Luck, Fre

Shadow Passio

he Hier

Images Clem is

fargo enough to wrap around th

hy (Self-Hlarred, 3; W
eople'sfnith in chemtelves

» bulking

oro efarr, and his urms areas wie as most men

fas shaggy black hair shot with grey and a larg

ald spor

clothes he died in, the

mg a

iapertant ofall, you search for Transcendence,

eapluin very clearly chat they can leave your train. immed Stil
wrnally explain this with the ui of the

2 top

image is any indication. Despite h

leplaying Hints: You k
1. You never hesitate to give a lift to

¢ ever published in the United

n ofa train engineer
This nose was braken easily a

» thele share of the

ret your once used to drive spikes into th

id Chandler Haris

Joel €

arris became best known fe

4 Beet Ral

idolon 4, Haunt 2

gs to help everyone escape

an. Hishandsare ment came because of the "bad light" in which he portrayed
sage man'v head with little blacks; for others simply because he "didn't know his pl

this day in the _vestowrite, even to

works included the Tale

(Despair) 1

19 IL

and Heer Fox. While many made light of h
there were some who looked at him as a her
were repulsed by what he accomplished, For son

anal wae trying to enter the "white mi
Hler Harris die

frequently attract his attention, and he likes

«s being cated for

work. Most,

and that

ou don't
, Talents: Alertness 2, Awarenes 3, Expression 5, Intuito

# Cra 4, Drive 1. P
4, Linguistics 1, Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Fido
4. Notoriety 3

ind you

2, Haunt 2, Memotiain

ulerstood (Despuit) 3, Deeply QI

ates tw be ti

¢ 3, Kooning 4, Phantasm 4


Fetters: Original manuscript of his work, 3; Wren's Nest

Shadows Parent
Angst 6
‘Thome: Bad ck, Frwckon Slip
Shadow Passions: To depict people in the worst, most
emennitns way possb al resent
ment and tension (Revenge) 2
Trmages Jost Chondler Haris appears mach tke i leg=
endary character, Uncle Remus. He wears overalls, a flannel
D shirt and ltl ese. He is round, grey- bearded an always smi
ing. Theve days, the smile seems faint in his eyes.
Rotep
bitter by the accusations that you betrayed your race with tales
thiit were simply meant to armuse and delight, As time has gone
cont, your dreams have become darker and your Shadow ts com-
ig cline 6 wi chentsine, You get

along well with the Hearse Riders, and you love to tell a tale

The Burning

The Burning is a Heretic Cult dedicated to keeping the
Spectral Helffres nf Oblivion at bay. Most of the Renegades
and Hierarchy wraiths aee in agreement thae this Cale is up «©
something fur more sinister than what they elaim. The Burn:
ing belioves that feeding Thralls to the Oblivion is the best
vay to cep the flames from rising again tosevour the unpre-
ppired. To thi end they have captured many Enfants and even
sf the Hierarchy and other groups. and fed them
to Oblivion by way of three secret Nihils concealed from ev-
eryone but the wraiths of the Burning. These Nihils are all
located in buildings that ate now occupied but are on the aites
of previous fires in the city: One isbelioved ta be located where
Hoel caught ablaze in the ate 20's and killed
280 people. It seems curtous to most that of the 280 dead, not
single one has ever appeared in the Shadowbsnds. Eaully as
‘important the sacrifices the Burning thar they are
bo recruiting actively among the weaiths of Atlanca

THimiss You ace quiet aa tatreapective, ede

0% tlre ny Use foe

The Raining states plainly thar they exist to keep the

Spectral Fires of Oblivion away from the ciey. That tsa lie
al Cult claim that they
the Shadowlands a favor, the founders andl main
embers of the Cale are all but consumed by their own Shad
vs and seek only co sacifies others in a vain: attempt to save
their own souls. Their penchant for grabbing whoever they
can and theowiny the souls into Oblivion's path is legendary,
and their fanaticism is second ro none. The standard policy
b the unary off the street and

tately Ne

any members of this fana

swetifice them tnme one in the eity likes the Burn

ing or believes that che Burning is doing anything bur being
ing Doomsday closer with theie actions.

Sull, the Baring ts powerful Cult, and thelr offen i
sud characters in thei drive towards "staving ott Olivet
fearful power" can prove tobe very tempting, especially dhe
characters have something to offer in exchange fr "salvation?
Lexrning, the cruth about the Cult i hard cask. There ag

ways those willing to state their opinions, but few ean seas
ally prove the allegations. The Hierarchy would vst lil
reward anyone who could not only offer haed evidence aboa
wha che Burning i eally upto, but the form the award ike)
could well depend ont what that evidence i.

The best way ti learn about the Burning isto join wih
them, at Jeast until their serets are revealed. M the Hiern
seould willingly pay for information about the Burning' erines
ow much more would they pay to knew where the BumingL
Haunts are located? Is the risk worth the reward? Can the char
acters leara the tn ey ate fel to Obhivinn oF com
verted hy the fanatical Cults leaders?

Haley Williams

Harley was bom in Atlanta and one ofthe fast c volun:
seer for dhe Navy when the Second Workl War vane Anite
can shores. Filled with patriotism, Harley was prepared 1 die
fighting against the Nazis and the Japanese alike. He was ce
con his way to the Pacific. Harley was one of dhe first tty
persounel 10 see the devastation and ruin at Hivoshlans
long after the A-bomb was dropped. He was amazed by the
steer power of the explosion and thought nothing of the hie
AMashes he fet for monthsafterwards Later, Harley was ase
che was again given dhe
steat privilege of viewing not one but seven nuclear tess What
his teeth fell out, Harley started making a connect
‘nuclear explosions, but was sonn
dduac weaved bia that these was 110 wu, he Less of ha
teeth was a result of the tests, He decided thar the milly
knew best Harley came down with colon cancer in 1964 and
died less than a year lar. By them he oo longer had doubts a
the cause. Too auany of his fiends foun tle silitary hind died
ilar ways. Harkey's unholy rage at this great betrayal by
his own country Jed him to an existence tormented by rage
and hatred
Nature: Deviant
Demeanort
Physical: S
charisma 2, Manipulation 2,

rength 3, Dexeerity 3, Seana §
Appeanince 0 (2)

Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4 ne
2, Subterfuge 5
Leadership 4, Melee 3, Peis

timidation 3,
Skills: Drive 2,


Arcanas: Moliate 4, Outrage 4, Punclemoniuin 2,

ters: Bikini Atoll Beach, 1; Hivoshim

Roleplaying Hints: ¥
fetheowgh the putt
row of i ire. Ther

Sibyl janisen

Demeanor: (
Physical:

nd you rust dh
ow them the


Knowledges: Bun
Linguigtics 1, Medicin t

as 2, Investigation 2,

Science 1

‘Areanost Fatalism 3, Panklemoni

Background:
‘Wants peor!

n 5, Usury 2
Allies 2, Autifnts casts 1, Hanis

hee (Fatration) 2
BY Fears the coming ofthe gre
BYP Fetter: Aslam, 2
Willpower: 9
Pathos: 5
Shadows Freak
Anis 8
Thorns
Shadow P
(Vengeance) 4
Innes
ches ru

tuts no evel

Devil's Dare , Tainted Touch

Frighten everyone inte obeying you

iy) appease vo be us her ink 40s wich black are
rey in several areas. Her eyes are blue,
1 victim of early electrolysis. Sibyl is almost

painfully avenge. With the exception of her eyebrows, there
ib ambi cenarkable aloes her. She stands 5 6° in height,

and looks to weigh somewhere around 125 pounds

she

Roleplaying
seat fice & coming

Smile ex, aed ealaly explain that the

IFany of those pesky Hierarchy types
show themselves, rm like hell. Explain about how spy pack
ny the right people oueof the Skinlands an feeding them tothe
Oblivion will help stp the next fiery Mulsroe, and also make
cettuin that the ones you chose wo ler jain you cary unaersana the
importance of Oblivem athe ne of things. Phas it

wovld help if you actually knew whae Oblivion wants; but you

pa really mind making i up as you

George Newsome

George hated being the smallest kid and the smartest kid,

bur that never topped hien ftom being an overachiever. It just
vai him pick strange th
one af the first to design penn

first in the nation tu start hacking int
untey. Still, mone

age tw be very good ut, George wns
and one
jes around the
and brains weren't doing George much

the

finding a lifemate, x0 he decided to ery
wnething a litle different. His fitatinswith the occult were
half-hearted at best. In spite of his desire for power, he wanted
ne liked. Torn between a need

sperately ts ccontiol and a
k co reading "occult"
candlelight hefore bed, When the black eandles tip
oh dusty desk and Te the stack of une mail
‘curwulared thete, George died in a fiery ciot as his Little Five
up i flames

Physicals Strength 2, Dexte
Socials Chinrsiuy 1, Manipal

I: Perception 3, Intelligence

m1, Appearance 1
2, Wins 3

Talents: Awareness
Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 2, Repair 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 4, Occult 3, Sc
ence 3
lies 5, idolon 4
Passions: To learn more about the Dark Arts (Cusicsity
Become powerfil enough that he'll never have co be aftld
(Greed) §
Areanoss

Backgrouns

body 33 v4

Fetters: Computer company, 2; Fest computer he eve
bua (now his brothers), 2

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 6

Shadow: The Freak

Aan

Thoms: Dusk Allies 1, Shadow Call

Shadow Passions: To cornure all those who didn't respect

‘Vengeance)3, To find the perfect wonnan and fee

her to love you (La) 2
of Coke botl lenses perched on his nose, Gente
swear the typical elothes of a CPA, right down to the pocket
protector. If htm without a shit, chey'd

thin man with o eeceding hate
lineanda

Ob, you hare everyone. How dane they
aller cr happier than you? Still, you'll be

win fread and influence the Restle Deal

Roleplaying Hint
be berter looking

You sigi » lot, and you pout better than m


ata time to save up hist
the est of his fauily to the Sta

egeausant. Unfortunately for E
Swoet Auburn, Enrique was murdered for th

and maybe

money
pocket: Enrique quickly adapeed! eo life as « wraith, eventually
ven moving up in the Hierarchy': ranks. It was only after he
fad achieved a modicum of success that he was approached by
the leaders of the Burning and asked to work as a spy. After
debating with them for some time, Eneique finally agreed. He

then promptly told Governor Jim about his arrangement, und
ow he makes money from b

the rghe times,

ides for letting secrets out at

Demeanor: Child

Physical: Steength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

a 3, Manipulation 4

eption 4, lcelligence 2, Wits 4

Sqreowse 4, Subterfuge
Skills: Drive 2

$,Survival (Ushan) 2

Social: Charis
Mental: Pei

hleties 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,

Melee 3, Stealth

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Linguisties 1, Medicine 1

Pecule 2

Backgrounds: Alle
acts 2, Memoriam 2, No

Artifacts 1(\ulire pistol), Com

Passions: Wants revenge a
Frowect family (Love) 2,

inst his munferers (Hote) 1
i wealth (Lust) 3
Vallee, 2: Wife (Deanna), 3
Willpower: 7
Pathos: 8

Thorns: Dark Allies
Shadow Passions:

Shadow Call
petray any and all possible friends
andsome Latino, with long eutly halt
is seen in Underground Atlanta ul
je Enrique dresses

tuxedo. Hi

the
Roleplaying Hint

talk, you pure. ¥

always in the company 9

vest in the Hierarchy
jou don't walk, you glide

are now what you always wanted to be

You don

toch, popular and well respected. Never ler anythinye get 4





Pfiers. He knows th ities and often spins
jiethem. While some may dislike bein
mot like him-and his company. Their
ardge both groups if they were discoveres
Despite the dedication that all of the Hearse Riders feel
yards one another, there are still censions within the
le Alan is looked upon by all of
te authority inside the Gang, b
bo rough with her rep ds: Hank Moody liv
fiejumame and often cause
sunily ac everything she says. Hank also seems u
teal less ot Bobby Redmond and seve
Hien in the Gang, sitnply because they often have trouble reach:
faethe pedals or seeing over the steering wheel. Bobby toler.
ari the jibes and insults good naturedly
eg Pu has pointed out thar the
they mustall deper
Seerpatison to mose
HheHierarchy, they

Just ae with the

conly because Mai
nsults are only words, and
ifthey hope to survive. In
of the Gangs, and even in

omparison to
od group,
ing, many people want wo know wi

ibeHHearse Riders are, and the Hiecarchy wants them stopped.

TheRiders have caused monumental dan
har continuows hunts f
While many may cheer them on in their
ey ace will a very teal threat to thedaws of
The Hearse Riders do

fly battle with wraiths that they have crea
Pd one of the player characters die in an automobile colli:
fie} x0, there 'sulways the chance that the Hearse Rider
death. Did x character abuse children ot

ute. especially with
reckless drivers in the Skinlands.

i forgive ea

The Hearse Riders are as mili
ipthe Necropolis and

is any Reneyade gang
y. Despite their

ote viele
us foes. But if «
could well be recruited into the Riders, swe
Jevecy undallowed their chance toavenge themselves against
fh Lillers, I the players? Circle If
chs ali

ed with children and

thete is real chance for a schism within the group

a. could end or begin in confrontation with the Hearse

iclesthat they control, which are often seen charging th

Pie Shadowlands, and worse still, occasionally

‘of who the Hearse Riders
{in their mad plans for retribution from

bitse Hierarchy
irbo ae viding th
ievond the grave

oconly awa

Michelle Alan

Michelle was killed hy a drunkard trying tobe red light
wh pick-up. He missed the |
5 choo! bus full
fron A rip, Mic

instead managing
ren on their way hack
le was killed instantly

# chil

the bus, The bus driver wis maitned

afkes! away with minor

hs have handed 1

hat as few children ma possible dient the hands

d adules, Michelle is the oklest of the group und theit
unofficial le

gether to ensun

Demeanor: Fanatic
Cohort: Hearse Riders
Physical: Sen
Mental:

risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
‘erception 3, Intelligence 4, Wit
Talents: Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Drive 3,

Knowledges: Eriigiuas 1
Backgrounds: Allies 2. Amifact

cealership 2, Melee 2, Stealth 3, Ushan

investigation 2, Medicine 2
Passions: Wants to experience more life (Hope) 3, Seeks


Fetters: ‘7 Ford Pickup, 2: Intersection where she was
Aailled, 3

Willpower: 8

Pathoss 9

Shadow: The Director
Angats 4

Thoens: Freudian Slip

Shadow Passions: Punish anyone who drinks alcohol to
excess (Hate) 4, Work to fe instead of enjoy
ing her afterlife (Self-Hatred)2

nake Atlanta
wet Mialtlle lovks like she did ics Wife, « 13 yeas ol
gist with braces, freckles and red hair. She is tall for her age
and fairly thin as she died during thar "awkward stage." She
dresses in the same clothes she died in, shorts and an Atlanta
Braves Thine
Roleplaying Hin
ren by a deep hart

You ure a very nice girl, but you are
thar killed you and your
R friends and by the need to prevent as many such incidents as
you-cany, When you are "off Gury," you like to watch the Braves
play and read a good book or three. You like to converse and
liscuss the age old mystery of hoys, provided that none of them

nel, When you are on duty, itis all strictly busines

‘You and your Circle drive the streess in your various vellcles
anal watch forthe foolish to cross your path, Your success rate
'y only around 50-50, and that's just not good enough. Lately
you've taker to actively recruiting the young victims of ve
hhicular homicide, sexual erimes and
hell with the Hicearchy— you and yours have a mission

Bobby Redmond

Bohby lived his life the best he could, despite his parents
always arguing and his bi
loved them, and they loved him, and they
prouder when
Bobby nieve

Id abuse as ell. To

cer always calling hits names. He
lin'r have been
itthe League team won the st
got to find out if they'd make it to the nationals,
boecitpe five drunk teers in a battered Camaro chose that sleepy
afternoon to go our joyriding He was hit while eroxsing the

rect to his rm kasckall practice

ose on the way hi
Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Jester

Cohort
Physic:

Heane Riders
Strength 2, Dex
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talent hletics 3. Brawl 2, Dodge 2
Skills: Drive 4, Leadership 2; Melee 4, Survival 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Computer 2, Science 1
Background

Alertness 3, 4

Allies 2, Comtnets 1

Boddy Redmond

Passions: Save other children (Duty) 3, Deronstrate hit
ability at baseball (Pride) 4

‘Arcanos: Argos 2, Embealy 5, Lifeweb |

Fetters: Family, 3; Catcher's mitt,2

Shadows The Freak

Angat: 5

‘Thorns: Bad Luck , Trick of Light

Shadow Passions: Kill his musderers (Hate) 5, Show dit
he is better than other kids (Envy) 3

Image: Bobby Redmond looks around eight years ofa
with wide innocent eyes and a pudgy body. He always cate
baseball bat, and he knows how to use it: Asin life, his knee
ave pexpetually scraped wip, and his hae ia wild, curly mesh

Roleplaying Hints: Newer st to live, ana never
‘ps up a chance to play ball. You had major league plans, al
they were stolen fren you. Now you get to pay ee all back
Every grown-up that drinks is your enemy, and they wil al
perish. Your driving pasion for baseball is well know ad

we heen trying to start » Little League in the

Shadowlands, with limited success.



Backgrounds: Allies 4, Memoriam 3
Passions: Wants retribution aginst killers (Despair) 4,
iklten from violence (Duty) 2, Make
Pind her jade amulet (Hope)
thabit 5. Outrage 2, Puppetry ?
Ferters: Jade Amulet, 4; Family
Willpower: 8

2; Sune where she died, 1

Thorns: Deaths Sigil, Peew
‘Shadow Passions: Kill those w'
city wild and exciting (
Image: Mai Ling
‘She iv suall and fine-boned with

B She wears a flowersptinted di
cexpre
k disconcertingly oles.
Roleplaying Hints: You keep to
undee y well thar they all look at y
Tile itl, Wh sxn-Ups are aay,
tecam of had jokes and ran
angry, you sumply ger even,

murdered her (Hate) 4.
w)4
ly nine year old

B Keep
wale

and black Mary J
of extreme concentration on her face makes her
urself around adults,
reegy. You never get

pe Dragon-Sorm sre as militant and dangerous as any
ads, but they hold a surprising amount of influence i
Sonsare preparing: for
and they are actively recruiting a» well. The poss
hey will unite with the
tually outrun!

acters join with them? Will they attemp
3 learn the dark seo

erarchy, knowing that the Hierarchy might fall anyway! I

pact he on the Skinlands and Shadowland

The Dragon-Sons have been running through the

Necropolis of Adlanta for almost « cent

protests against the emancip
hed only a week avo.

ins of slave
v-withewr # dows, the

yy and worse still, thet

the citys Hereticsas well Te
sions have heen building in Atlan old
Th

wve made it perfect

h ye Hierarchy

boul do about the sinsation. Mose

the Hierarchy cals for neutr et but thene are
nuld eagerly join forces on one side or the thee

The flawe

faction of Renegades
have connections with some

ands a

the Dragon-Sons isp

cof ignorance and partially a product of anger. Mest of the San
he Imperial Dragoet reuent losing the Civil Wat, even

they were not alive when the war was fought. Many were nie
naturally superior « racet

we that irnot white. Many others wete the

victims of violenr crimes perpetrated by

nrment well bey

ally a prot

The Drgon Sonate vinlene Ge

ready fie war ata

J alveays lookiig for an excuse tw fight. Wh

they dirceted their anger against the Hierarchy, they n

prefer to bat

annoying (o violently dares

mood from day to day. O:

op trouble and cause fe
The Sons are seldom in

days, witl
ways by

1s to copeure

Swe, and ute often rewatdd in
any of the Antcreans. Oe of their fava

went, and dg
p the street, seaming slogans of racial priya

nacte their victs


eens
thet living
the Imperial D

wuble for several years, there is no benefit to being
pen about their identities, There & incee that the
Hierarchy will continue inutely.

Forresons they donot Dragon Sons have
fpined the enmity of the Hi Todate,
fers of the ( oyed by whoever is driving
the death w have been several serious ar.
uments within: the he Dragan Sons, almost all of
them calling for the downfall of the Hierarchy. There is sam
tele tha tical Greyboys have keen
fmpting to use the Son of the Imperial Dragon for their own.
apne

avoid confrontation ind
wleratan,

pers of the

‘Ancther serious proble
Fooythe, who

Jeske of the Shattered C
his murdered him in co
fined to try to convert the Renegade C at
fal Cul, and he bas A substantial 9
tlthe Sons ofthe fmperial Dragon are naw also calling th
es Heaven's Warriors and seem intent on bri
over of the Shattered Chain down on the Drag
‘hircontinualy es 2. But while Forsythe' fac
tun ertanly is zealous in theit belief they seem to

interest in achieving Transcendence. Foe thi

spinel th
Freuiny co call thesaselyes sora
Thieiitale daub tha something will have tbe done about

of Keith

intioniously cals for juseice against ane of the

has arisen in the for

Henderson, whom he

Keith For ems de

amity ofa number of trac Heretic
iru that

jst how to bandle the problem without causing a complete
Pieddows in the Gany's strength,

‘her Watts

Albert always tried to
Serecycled his rash, he made donations to the b
ten, he'even tnarched

mclessahcl
‘obs County to prowest the untae
dex te county's anti-gay" referendum. His primary reason
we thae was what
Kise, Elie, expected of hin. In truth, he really dint care
tee way or the other. Albert and his wife attended the
‘aopany's Christmas party cogettier in 1988, On
Ble told him she was pregnant. He was very happy. Albert
lhmed that he had be ed, and thar he, bis wife aad
fri thtce children would soon be movin to

firboing politically correct was simply be

ie way there
prod

would be placed as district manager in chy

fpeations: He was very happy. On the way home from the
yy met four

Inte wife. Alber

youths who attempted to ta
he mistake of crying
dean managed to break the first hoods no

22caliber hand gun in

ach. The four tags
all it cost Albert w:

off without hig wallet ot his wife, and
life, He died
Albert was murdered on what
should have been the happiest dav of his life. All of his pro:
fessed political correemess was shattered, Albert didn't cave
that the youths were fied on one:

19 the way (0 the hosp

tal, his wife crying beside him.

care thit
skin. The n

ster. All he cared about was the cul
mories a
a that killed him were Hispanic. Albert joined th

of their
sll vague, bat Albert is almost cer

he Imperial Dragon as socn as he was approached

Nature: Director

Dexterity 3, Sta
Man

prion 3, Intelligence

Wr

ss 1, Beawl 2, Dodge 2, Intuition
Skills: Drive
Knowledges

inguistics 3, Med

ly (Love) 4, Fear of Violence
(Tenor) 2

Fetters: Wife and children, 3; Gold pocketwatch, 2

iy were anly teasing about his wife to make har


Anat: 6

Thorns: Aura of Comuption , Shadow Call

Shadow Passions: Kill all "street punke" (Vengeance) 4,
ll as family to "save" them from violence (Love) 3

Image: Albert Watts wears che clothing of a young urban
professional. He looks around 32 years old, and be is 510" i

hi His body isi ai lietle too
mnoch padding from the time he spent siting behind his desk
six days a week. He has curly brown hair and hazel eyes, He

Roleplaying Hints: You were fainly wishy-sash in life
thit no more. You've decided to become a take-charge kind of
su. and if the only thing you can take charge of ts the destruc
ion of low-life scum, hey, thar's okay. Ifthe people you meet

white, of Asian, deal with them civilly If they are any
(ther elo, they are scum,

Keith Forsythe

Keith lived the fest 20 years of his lite in Cobb County,
veg, proud to be a member of & 40

II crime rate and prouder still that he had no blacks as his

» Like generations of his family before him, Keith

nid member of the KKK. Unlortunately for Keith, he

attempt to blow up a chureh in Mobile, Ala:

erie to 25 years ar the Federal Penitentiary in

Atlanta, Also unfortunate for Keith, he shared a cell with Jude
Pit Bull" Hendesson, Jude didn't like being called a "nigger
mntly aoa! showed his dissurisfacelon by breaking several

in Keith's body hisspine
iv three places and his skull tn four. Since his untimely de-

that had a very

law and most of the bon

i Reith Foropthe

ise, Keith hus spwead the doctrin«

pointed ox

can be seen in the ex
Nature: bravo

ot of 9 black man's skin,

Demeanor: Bravo
Cohort: Heaven inf Sons of the Imperial Drag
Physicals Strength 4, Dexterity 2. Stamina 4
Socials Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 1) bp
Subedfuge 3
Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4, Leadership 2, Melee 3, Pekan,

tance 2, Seealth 2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2

Areanost Arp

Backgrounds: ts 3 (darksteel Stypian cg

tacts 1, Renogade Status 4

Passionss Keen the city safe from blacks (Love) 3. Bas

cate people about the evil imherent in those heaving the iw

of Cain" (Pity) 5
Fetters: Church in Mobile, 2
Willpower 8
Pathos: 5
Shadows Pusher
Angst
Thorns: Spectre lrestige 3, Tainted Touch
Shadow Passions: Kill all *politially come

(Hate

follow him (Arrogance) 3
Image: Keith Forsythe stand 5110

brown hait inthe style prevalent in the early °50' an dre,

in blue jeans, Tshirts and a good pair of motorcycle boots Ha
wide mouth ismiormally et in a cocky grin, and his green ee
are constantly looking for something that no one else sea
able to see

Roleplaying Hints: You know that you are right. and nay

ing will separate you from your powerful conviction chat bicka
are the seryants of the Devil. You have no hesitation to vga
ously explain your point of view to your frends or your fae
Your militant attitude has made numerous enemies, and ye
ae starting to get paranoid. Worse sill, the Pit Bull is thet
ing a group of friends coo,
and the boys have co show these upstarts the ercor of thet
wave. You need recruits, and you need thein yesterday, because
the idea of facing Pit Bull Henderson ory even terms searesthe
sun ut of you

people

Use foree if necessary te convince other wtathé te

il ais wel mule
th has shot-crppa

nd the


Thad Weidermann

‘Thad had i all. He had the best gil in schoo! wrapped
FRvnd his finger, he had straight A's in school, he was the
prin ofthe footkall ream, and he was damn good looking, if
Hyd ay 90 himself. That was all during his junior year i
ip>-ichoo!. During his wed. Thad w
felcel a the capeain o or shoe trans
Erg fom another school. The coach would not listen to
fey auinents, citing that Thad had failed to show for the
fit tee practices. Thad had to accept thar, but he did 50
Pih an appalling lack of ge J cook special offe

aptain was black and, wi
J, a cross in the family's yard.

nior year, things
otball tear

Nothing like tis had happened in San

hr geople sill got scared, Thad made the mist
Hs ltiend about what he had d
in iends shortly after

and is gilt
sng up with Thad. It took
bevincig, but after he agreed to
ecome. Iw wait until the end of the year, how
Het because he hud his tucure us football hero to think about
Bic yor around bout Thai's activities, and soon he and the
fe¥cxptain of the foothall teara settled their differe
(oo. Thad lost. Perhaps that would have been 1!
fe matter, but towards the end of the year, Thad lost same:
ting eke tw the new eaprain: the foothall scholarship he wns
rain was his. Thad celebrated by gecting ripped on vodka
fe tering to ficeborb the captain's house. Unfortunately for
fie and alcobel prove aa explosive combination, even

Id bave

es aft

self off the road while prepa
plosive and smashed
complete with

tail exploded bef

smadle ex
utning wick. The make

ad could toms i at the
ng as the fie devouted his bo

4 Stoley
ft Molotov cock
1, Thad died

Nature
Demeanor: Bravo

Cohort: Sons of the Imperial Dragon
4, Dexter
Sovials Chavis 1, Maalpaitess 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2,
timidacion 4
Skills: Fieatms 2, Melee 2
Knowledges: Medicine 2, Science 1
Areanos: Outrage 5, Puppetry 3
Rack grruende: Allies 3, Fidolon 1, Mentce 2,
3. Notoriety 1, Wealth 1
Passions: Blame others forall his

Physicals Serer 3, Stamina 3

Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dod 3, In

ce) 4,
sical prowess (Pride) 4, Find » gil whol
helmet 3, Grave 2

mings (Hi

Willpower: 8
Pathos: 6
Shadow: The Freak
Angst 4
Thorns: Bod Luck
Shadow Pass

hhim (Jealousy) 5, Als
Image: Thad

teens. He stands 6'4" tall, with blond hair
playing football. He normally wears a smile, but the aml

dom reaches his eyes if anyore of color i

Drive away anyone who might help
don athletics (Des
very handsome

rournd
Roleplaying Hintst You blame everyone but you
7 the Dr

your skewed view
your death, You are

ye seams. You spend your t

The only reason yo
they accept you and even
J realy 0

tely she's eee very junspy'
ure hoping she kills herself won
her again. It might hap

wasn't so determined to stop you from destroying hen


The hatred hain

Arthur Curpenrer and
tered C

1c other founding members of the
ed extremely dangerous by the
Hierarchy. The feeling is decidedly mutual. The Shattered
Chain does not wish to see the end of the Hi
ply widh tr eae an end ro the wre of avery. However,
Hierarchy i unwilling to listen to reason (as has been the case
thus far), the Shattered Chain will bring them down. The very
wal threat of forced labor as another wraiths property is an
astute sagsiner rhe hasic hellef that all of the Chain‘e membere
hold us a simple truth: no one has the right to own ancther
sentient being. The Hierarchy is unwilling to surrender its righ
use enslavement as a form of punishment, and the Shat:
tvted Chain fe willing to-sccepe nothing lose chars emanci
before they will surrendet in their hurtle. The battle will
coatinue endlessly so long as neither group is willing to yield
iw their opinions, and nochange of heart is expected from

The Shattered Chain holds forth the Dectar

of In

ieperutence ay theie credo and expects urxlerstanding for this

dilemixna, But th
creation of the Us

ablished long before the
ind cannot be expected
lly surrender their primary form of non-lethal punishment.
While many among the Hieearchy agree with the basic con:
nites by the Shattered Chain, few are willing to do
in public. Despite the fairly calm pol the
‘motnent in the Necropolis, ehere is sill a very real fear
the Hierarchy would tefuse protection to any who openly cor
ned the nctions of » yroup of Renegades. Worse still, be
2 good number of the Chain's keders were originally
slaves, treated pouty in some cases and well enough in others
many Of the Shattered Chain's members suffer from a racial
bias thot is almont as strong as the prejudice presented by the
Sons of the liperiat Dragon. Though the resentment normally
does not surfice in front of white members of the Chai
still there, and chere is sill « long-burning anger in many of

cepts pr
sal waters

the Hierarchy have no bei
Dragon-Sons known a well
The Shattered Chain alse b
eral Reneyade The Sons of the Imperial
Dragon of how slowly the changes i
the Skinlands affect the Restless Dead. The gradual increase
ity racial colerance thar has hecome prevalent in the realm af
the Quick i still lickiny throughout much of the Shadowlands
The indrs that many whites believe themselves
tis he superior is flame the burns brightly for the S
Chain. The same problem ts even more prevalent an
older wraiths, and some hope tht the future wilh

steving opin

the present could ever bupe

The wort prablem cred Chai coma
im the form of the risks they constantly take to remove th
bonds thar hold many of the Thrall in capeivity. Whale the
Intentionsure goed, their method are often violent and desl
Many members of the Chain once belonged to Cry fot Jute
a militant Gang of black supremacists who decided to fg
fire with fine, Despite Sue's hest delaying tactics; the Hien
chy called in forces frm Stygin to deal with the problem, zl
the Stygians captured and enslaved large portion of the Gang,
Those members of Cry for Justice that were caught wore neve
heard from ayain. Several members the Hierarchy have bea
destroyed by the Chain asan act of rerbution, and there st
end in sight to the brutality: The Shattered Chain has tikes

he fate ofits victims by simply using a mob a

handle the situation. Mote often than not, the

Ss emembers who re found guilty of trathicking in

Ves ate torn to pieces on the spot.

The Burning i cited to he at least as vile asthe Hiceatey

iny of thove eaprased by mane

cither enalaved ar destroyed outright
There is lttle doubt that many of thé Chain' dldest mee
bers ao suppert the activities of the agents of the Ivory Ques,
of the Chain's eldest members cnn still emember a tne
they were alive and paid homage to the sods of thee
homeland instead of paying homage to the God uf the Chae
tans. For some, che simple fact that they never reached
"Heaven" isenough to disprove the existence af any sich plies
and the only answer they can find for thelt being stuck inthe
Shadowlands isthe belief that they turned away from the |
faith and worshipped che false god of their former masters No
oe in the Chain actively speaks ofthe Ivory Queen. but mat
openly defy everything the Hierarchy stands fot, sweating tha
they would never condame the foolish belie
the missing Charen,

There are several schisms within che Shattered Chats
not the least of which i the probler of rice. Many of
members of Cry for Justice have made plain their dislike d
anyone who is white, including the ones within their om
Gang. These militants not only cause grief for the Son ofthe
Imperial Dragon, they have also heen the cause of numero
fights within the Gang's own ranks.

Astinur Carpenter and Jude Henderson have had to de
with several violent outhreaks within the Gang, often eased
by the man who calls himself Uncle Reroun, Uncle Reus 1
relative newcomer to the Shattered Chain, bue hav quiekh
started yaining influence with the more violent means i
the Gang, Little s known about the man, save that he hast
hatred of Joel Chandler Harn

‘The Shattered Chain starred as 2 retaleacory strike in dhe
Underworld, 2 defiant stap at the hands of the Hierarchy ft

passion


nkess, While the lendery of the Shattered Chain aze mostly
ous Caucasian, Asian
ks, The only erve re
ubite for being a member of the Chain is a desire to sce all
Thyalls released and to finda hetter way to rule the Necropolis.
Skyvery in any form is an outrage to the Shartered Chain and
imacceptable in theie eyes. Many agree with
frivate, bur are afraid of Hierarchy rete
licly, Several members of the Shattered Chain also

Arican-Americitn, there are al

iid Native American within the

ape p
Jpther information for spies working for the Ivory Queen. The
rence in the Necropolis has been subtle. but

i groups like the Shattered Chi
hol Af

tothe powers

be seen with the Chain if the

Can the p
Dragon-Sons are so obviously growing in power! C
fad to be seen with the Dragon-Sons if the tumors of
Al by the Chain are true? Even avoiding the most i
‘rior mentalities n the Shatteted Chain. there is still a preat

theyaf

dal of risk in joining with che Renegade Gang, The Shat-
Jered Chain is noterious for asulting the Reapers an releas
xy the Drones of the Hierarchy into the streets. As members

sithe Chain, the players would be ob
Shattered Chain in these dau

ied to move with the

mor that the Hierarchy has hroughr if.a special assault team

fom Stygta, wraiths experienced in the ways of rorture an

gevalized in learning the cruth a¢ any cost. If these rumors

fr rme, how lang hetore play

ppprared and by sample asc
on with w member of the Chain that has fallen bef

Sreinn inquisitor known only as the Knick-Knack S

" Urthue Coepenter

Arthur Carpenter

chur Carpenter was bor a free Hark onan und heliowd
he would die ane. He was wrong: He worked foe several yet:
I worker an flacksmich and helped establish the Under
ground Railrond after being ask
Arthur was proud c
others inexcaping alte cf stavery. William Chistian Calloway
sediom, kidnapping Arrhurand is family,
» daughters Sara a od forcing
5. Wh 4 rs pvu his frvwl
status, Carpenter destroyed rs and beat him severely
Ariba wa sera cel in the attic of Carpenter's huge
plantation howe and J his
wife and chibiren. Arthur was de ried transl from
trated rage, screaming thar he would kill Carpenter if it was the
last thing he ever did. Carpenter took the threat

asstance by Harmet Tubman,

c penpliched al glad tem.

n Arthur atten

hed

nas another man mpe

A the oui
Chain. When Arthur fine arived in tl
named Theodore Hammet
to the highest bidde

undp
! beyond all endurance, Arthur It

inked hi
cmpest. When

erally «tran with th
seether, Then Arthur ran, focing int
‘escaped the Tempest' hideous pull he had been fies ofthe shack
bred thi. To this day be b told an
managed t escape their hold. The Calloway Plancat
‘come the primary Haunt for the Shattered Chain, ankd Arthur
stil works:
and others. A
Inthe meantime, not only did he keep his promise to kill William
allowy's watt

ain chat

sng the enslaved wraiths taken by the Hierarchy
chur wife ane children were gome when he te

(Calloway planeatioo, but he stil searches far thea

ssge weapons for hi
self. The test of Calleway's Corpus |
tic where both Arthur and Calloway died

anacled to the wal in

Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Gallant
Cobiort: Th

Appearan
Win 4
rics 3, Awarcness

Perception 3, Intell

Talents: Alernes 2,

edge 2, Expression 3, Intuition 3,
Skills: Crafts 4, Leadership 5,
Knoseleigee:E

sgrounds: Allis 4

Bowl 4,
Subterfuge 4

mtacts 4, Eidolon

Renegade

Passions: Find family (Despair) 4, Revenge forthe death,

cof his wife and chikdsen (Hate) 3 , Froe all those enslaved by
the Hierarchy (Hope) 4

Axcanoss Argos 3, Castigate 3, Inhabit 5

3 Six: The Renegles


Fetterys Planta
n north G

Willpow

Pathos: §

om house,

Amage: Arthur C

xt man with a mask ap:

4 anor of manactes thas he wears

hhis shoulders and wrapped around his waist. The
tea to his boxly. Carpenter' f

m with almost

are sharp and angulae. an
haret Hi

and his body is cow

Roleplaying Hi

R tustters is free

le

deal of success. The Shattered Chain is

the Renegade

yw wer wy

ager an issue to you. What
Shattered Chains
allof the Thrall, and you've had a gxcot

st faction of

wm. You and the rest of th

and as one of the founders, you ate a mz
self with 4 cere

2 (0 let yourself be

set cnuch humbler than you feel

jude "pit Bll" Henderson

Jude Henderson
mwa. An southern, Georg
ny teres if not for the tre
litle foern of ra
and the Ku Klu
own were takin jobs away from fine Southern
i farnilies. When J
nded. robes came fate at
ing to drive the people of
ol Jude's mothe:
ters, Jue tan

ing out livin

ng as 0 wrest

Adlanca, Ju
tresing them all a

need ta suppore

jous menial tasks, Jude
eling fair, When the fai
in the

Fhallerge hint in the ri
w wns consumed wich guilt ax

ve man was drunk and not really responsible for his

Jude was sentenced to life imprisonment f

tant roctst determined to get
his skin. Remembering his past and the death of h
the hands of the sam lost control a

the man. Jude was Later killed for his trouble by «

¢ penitentiary, a friend of ed
he stomach and left his joined the Shar
his fies op n en one of that

Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Suumina 5
Social: Charissna
Mental: Percept
Talents: Alertness

tumidacion 5, Streetwise 4
Skill: Coat
Knowledges:
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Cooraets 2, Eixtolon 2
Passions: Mae amen

Manipulation 1, Appearance |
Hligence 3, Wies 5
fen 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, li

3, Melee 4, Survival

9 having killed omecee (Oui)

fo exist in comfort in the Shadowlands as he never did in
life (Greed) 2, Protect his wife and son (Love) 3

Arcanos: Atgos 3, Fatalism 2, Inhabit
retry

Fetters: Family, 2; Fedeni! Penitentiary, 3

Willpower: 8

Pathoss 7

Shadow: Freak

Angst: 5

Thorns: Death's Sigil, tofu

Shadow Pascions: Kill whe
your power (Arrogance) 3; Kil al

, Kee

nted Touch

sts (Hate) 4


Image: Jude is a big ma
fet in height and we

‘dependent Reads

} There wre a number


ly beeinae che elves ate beyond their ality to
R rehend: Randbolf is ane of th

the Corillionsh

ile only know Rand by bi

Demeanior: ji dineck tran

Cohorts Inde

2

Skills: Pontus
Knowledges: Enign

to the Deze:

Arcanon: lububit

Willpower: 9

sre k

Roleplaying Hints: You

sorted irems

No one knows where hi

rp

Midtown apartments, Waffle House
Dyan blend

J. The man himself w

excaped his watchlul eye and

He died in a car crash while

and. Tox mean for Oblivion and to0

ito the Shadowlands, That

reso, kick

harp wit, Atlant

Nature: Rebel
Demeaner: Devian
Circle: Indey

he rells the sam

ogether into one colorful tapestry of a life wil
quay

westite whose poetry, scream
beat produced by a metal tod clanging

garnered widespread attention. Anti-drug laws, govem

averpriced beer: no societal pec

pendent Renegade

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Memual: Pemeption 4, uel

Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 1, Braw!

Notoriety 1, Renegade Satu

14, Intimidation 3, Streetwise

1, Drive 1, Lead
ganas 4, Law 1, Linguist
+83, Eidolon 3, Memati

Flour autharity (Duy) 4, Protect cou
(Lowe) 2, Shock people (oy) 2

Arcanos: Argos 1, Keening 3, Moliate 3, Ou

Fetters: Just abc

Atlan 2; Various bizarce fetishise p

Willpow
Path
Angst: 4

Shadow: The Freak
Thorns: Freuian Sti

(Comempo)

age: Th

ruddy rel-bearded 300-pound man whose expan

Shadow Passions: Keep other p

about sexuality (Disgust) 2

d by the floral-prine dresses, bustiors and xe


‘ek




B the foreign rule

ayeale! Or dothey have
i Hess th

Rey thus of ver perp
this snot always the rs decide to join with
how will the characters deal with day-to-

dhay survival int city likely and turn:

‘West, clump all oth
iy, blind eye 0 the warations within cultures
The Restless of India, the Caribbean, Polym
countless other are
Adlanta...ar least not yer. But with the ©
pics in 1996, the Necropolis of At

o not mamntain an

cence some degree of culture shock a

he ocher Dark

The jade Empire

In every encounter there the oppertunity for enlightenment.
Nin
Irieps

winder
le th
event the fac
ence in Atlanta's Necropolis ts somewha
realize. The influx of Avian pe
and it ip
» bel

thet demise 0
de Empire, in which case there
rarchy othe fl

anily. Death i

tal belief an individ was raised
family's

pune
rot likely to chan

with, an

Would the character

of ethics ose to betray

B) honor for wealth? Ifo. what would the tepercuss

Hithecharacter actually ¢

fs the misiom that she mu
ora she chen

Could she

the Jade Empire
with her secret

od

‘ki

Tobias billmont

as Hillmont never existed, but Jack Sinclair most
i. Jack died while fighting against the nation'

ous deuch ater having

ort hy friersly fie

tainly

‘name Tobias Hillmont and invented 9 fake background we
plain his presence in
Emp
journeying
Emperor
Nature: Rebel
Demeanor: 1
Cohorts The Jn
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stam
Social: Charisms 3, Mi
Mentals Percept

Empice

1-4, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, me
sfuge 5
rive 3, Fueartns 2, Leadership 3, Mee 4

pathy 5, lneimidation
Skills: Crafts
Performance 3, S


farfecl char way

fhe Dark Kingdom of or


tive of Ark

has many members wh claim afiliacion with the Queen, bt
sarely they cannot al be on the up-and-up. How ean anyone
tell the difference? Perhaps a character might be recruited by
the Ivory Kingdom to search ou impostors and end theft mis
rable existence, or perhaps the time hus finally come
minst the Hierarchy. How will the cha
react i the call toarms is sounded?

Ue risks re great, andthe rewards could be as little as a
polite thank you or as much as Governoeship ofan entire Cita
del, With no certainty as to who is trustworthy, who will the

characters follow in the raging debates abour how best to deal
With the Hierarchy?

for opens war

In recent years there has been a great deal of debate over
the role of Ivory Queen Reapers in Atlanta. Ini
trasadlors claimed all of Aftican heritage a their
jumped atthe chance to excape the Hierar
sion of the Stygian system, They hoped that a life in the land
of theit people would he different, but as yet, none have re
tured with credible tales of the Dark Continent: But mach
the surprise of the Ivory Queen's Reapers, « lage percentage
of the "African-Americans did not want to go to an African
Underworld. They had lived in America all thei Hives, and in
B cnany cases, their parents and grandparents for sevetal genera
tions had lived and died on American soil. They knew Tittle of
their distant African heritage and told their seartled Reapers
that they would pre land of their birth
present, the local representative is Sharah Abdeldaim
ta. Sharah understands the delicate ractal bal
ance in the city as well a her African heritage, and it was for
chosen to represent the Ivory King

thls reason that the w:
dom inv Adlanta

Sharah Abdeldaim

Sharah was born in the Atlanta of the 1960s, a time
toch curmoil and change fr se blaxk cenumusicy. Her at
rights mo
encouraged her to learn more abe
dh was.» bright gie and seized upon the cul
ties, she wns the center of several political groups an camp
as wel as lstingushing herself usa dancer. She became known
throughout the school as a champion of civil rights as wel.
She was anested repeatedly at dewomstrations, which oaly
to prove to her the corruptness and inherent racism of
the American judicial system. She contemplated law schoo,
something whete she felt she could make
opened upa dance studio in Sweex Auburn where she taught
ances of West Africa is well avn
Her studio beeame a centeal meeting point
added angunge clases and workshops on crafts, Her bus
pon daring Kwanzaa. Sarah

was very aceive tn the

history. Sh

Sharaly Aodeldnim

refused to recognize Kwanzaa usa "legitimate" holiday, Une,
‘tunately, word of her planned demonstration had reached th
that they had "just planned ti heat her up n bit," hit
Shurah pul uing srg,
she w
by a representative of the Ivory Queen, who had forseen be
accident with Fatulisn. Her tage combined
with her ability to lead people made het the perfect candidate
to represent the Ivuiy Queea offically da he city, he tol he
She agreed without hesitation, In recent years, she has leamel
tw work toward her own goals without coming into con
1¢ Hierarchy too often. She states that just knowing

with the Hierarchy almost «

was walking home after e particule

studio, organizing volunteers to protest

ind she

Jarevolver fom her purse In the ¢
shor with her own gun,

tikes no

eength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Athletics 4, Awareness 3, Expresion
Skills: Crafts 3,
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Law 2, Linguistics 3, Roll
cs 4
Arcanos: Custyate +, Embody 2, Fauslism 4, Keening
Puppetry $

neste

arin 2, Leaershap 5, Petfonmance §


Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 3, Eidolon 4, Status
(lvury Kingdom) 4
Passions:
between Sty
her death (Ve
Fotterst Dance studio, 4; Police record, 1; Ivo
ppssed down through hee family, 2; Mother. 2
Willpower: 8
Pathos: 9

Shadows Pertectioni

can culture (Love) 5, Keep peace
and the Ivory Queen (Hope) 3, Revenge for
ince) 3

necklace

Angers 5
Thorns: Tick of the Lig
Shadow Passion:

may

appears as a willowy woman iy her late
with her dark hate braided into cornrows and finished
‘if with ends. She usually ¢tes her haie back
ell. Sarah resuds
‘propnate for dan

pywcac

Roleplaying Notest Atlanta is hell ofa big ity, but i
mi thisside of the She
withthe Esra

to There are tow many people wha need y
way towh.
Stecliicaliry th

find
they belong, and if you go down because of
help anyone.

Ih ; Obs ian Kingdom

an an only cid , bor of the wal

jheUnited States, and that (s likely t sally the
Wisk ofthe Kingdom of Obsidian. The tft between the realms
tithe Quick and the Dead were caused in large part by t
fering th

and in the Underworld has resulted ia. a

sentiment of the Hierarchy and ts interference. Bur

ithe Shadewlanue around Atlanta that anger fas kl to pre
thatthe
The peophe

he ut least par

Fierrchys power and the re
Kingdom. So strony the power ofthe barrow. lan
ety lerally burr frown time to ime asa res
tell that a Child of dhe Pho
desnwy che city, Will rhoe chil come from among the biter
so the once great Otsidian
hesied Messiah of ct
i among the players ta pawn in a darke

Hse, is
Pie of the characters the peo

Boul it te ehse eis child is al

changed when

h them new diseases aid wes

stance. While many of the Creek lrudians tried
settlers, their plans always fell throny
Eventually the Creck Indians were forced t

took and to

Geo
reach
an accord w

from their previous home and trying in vain ta find new
place away from the invaders. As with the Creek before chem,
‘hey soon found that the white men were unwilling to co-ee
anger fucled arguments between the (wo

races that could nor easily be settled. As time pamed, the Chen
kee were also driven away from what ia now Atlanta, forcéd to
ove on in search of yet another
in Blood and decayed flesh, a

wv howe. The past is writ
nothing can change wha
eady come to puss. In the Shadowlands, « smull outpi
of what was once the Obsidian Kinjslorn contin

to what is rightfully thetes, notin the Ne

farge Domain 10 the north of the city, at the Etowah Bo
Mounds.

Elaine Running Deer

Elaine was Kinfolk to the Garou in Iie, but knew very
about them. Her grandfather, Howls-In-Battle
anber of the Uktena Garou und slain

by the invading
parent
survived and hid in the w

when Elaine w
were killed

well, bu

1ronly when the Eunpeans were asleep. Her family
belies were left to

after anything of apparent value wi
‘Que vem that was overlooked by

eck powerful fetish that
allowed HowlsIn-Burtle to speak with the Mead, and Elaine
used the necklace th once st
worked, From beyond the grive
Elaine the ways of her people
the tribe that had been
Dead, the Che

tablish anew haven.

hae

meat. With the ak

of the! somertul ritual to o>

he effort

was monument laine lived
uv settlers, he
med she w.

married at the time of her ®

tobecome « mother. Now

+ Traditionalise
Demeanor: Carex

Cohort: The Cherokee Tribunal of the Dead
Dexterity 4, Stamina ?

Manipulation 4, Appearance 3



tets who know something else might be sought
asguides, nd those who are new to the city might fin
agreeable companion w discover

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Loner

Cohorts Indepen

him an

Alertness 3, Atbletics 2, Beaw! 1, Dodge 1, ln
Skills: Crafts 5, Drive 4, Melee 4, Survival 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computer 3, Investigation

4Lingulstics 1, Medicine 1, Qeeult 2. Setence 2
Backgrounds: Memoriam 3, Notoriety 1, Wealth 3

towrite (Hope) 2, Learn about the Shadowela
Able to wriee about it (Curie

ds to be bett
it 3, Pandermanium 4, Phantasm 2
¢ Unfinished manuscript,

Anges 3,

Copy of his fist novel,

Willpower: 7
Pathos: 7
Shadow
Angxts +
Thorns: Paul Luck, Shai
Shaslow Passi

5, Stop eeyine ti write; you are d

The Perfectionist

ww Lif

as: Frighten people theough his storkes (Glee)
Hl. (Des

Imager Stephe

Bans unkempe
seen in a black leather jacket and pegged blue
jens. His grey hair fram
ae, which is ex:
stanly fidgeting
Biche.

Roleplaying Hints
fosce, and remember th
Fehind the le
peaks
ot wane 1 yet involved, you just wane
anal ho's who.

Nick Stardust

Born Nicholas Goldberg in 1919, Nick grew up to a veey
jrict Orthader Jewish by

hada truly rich and resonant vo
sivare worship services. He
fay school and later on it hi
With che men of the temple them argue pouty
Nédogana when he was supposed to be learning Hebrew, alway
thinking instead of the next time he could sin.

made for bevel:
panels are co

what he does best. Hi
nd he paces mpi,

‘ook unound, see everything there t
youare hete only wo find the truth
cvetyunie presemts. Be friendly if someone

you, but if they ger obnoxious, just walk away, ¥

see what's what

hold, where it was discowered that

esa cantor in the family'

tudied voice asa child in elemen
h school. He studied the Tor

4 listened

at the brand-new Creme-de-liCreme club in the fash
tunable Buckhead area, The young Nicholas, under sly
his uncle, changed his name to ‘Nick Stanius.
booking vies all over Atlant,
prominent in Addanta, all over the South. Bh
teturning to th fesla-Creme club wher
his best for his

Seon he wa

Ket pastries outlawed
the fll of 1952, A\

ne up on the current popular tnusic, tryin de
eer pt Ay,

with a family tendency toward heart dives
hinds fear a:

kitchen the

perately date. Unfornn: ich lifestyle
did hin
aire hin

ning he was supp w his

9 ed dead on arrival at Genk

Memorial Hospital short! tee
A cls that h

ws contract. He was pronoun
4 the many
rs takers over

changes that the Creme-de ‘
time. The bar folded

ment and cold the place to a *

a-Cremve buildin
upon it heeame the
the Gi

fiumph Cafeteri« and Gill, allowed by
iden Dragon Ch Nick begat
Uking to warch the ¢
ood (he

Chine:

ks preparing the
nib

always a squcamish tyre), a

ther Fetters, He traveled between |

in Adlanta where his ancient Victrola atl his av

co Mantuattan where John und Shaw
ys wed on tour from his sister. Nick found soon that

aly way he could feel goo about h
better, to lly oth
fics: he restriete
ng in th lering
both Manhattan and Atlanta looking for bupless wo
ue

nny through,
d himself to help

* Saddenk pawser-by would

Miami".even if they didn't knw
Ay, however, Nick h

» benefited from the extreme from

1 old Ceemecde-ta-Creme clubs the place
Sul and every Wedne

pris Laser K. an perform regulatly

again, often poses karaoke'r and don
nating the microphi

Nature: Fansitic

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Circler Nowe


Physicals Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Searsina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Ineelligence 3, Wits 3
‘Talents: Alermness 1, Awareness 3, Empathy 2. Expres:

sion 5, Streetwise
Skills:

formance 4, Repwir 2,

us |, Drive 3, Briquette 2, Meditatio

Stealth 4

Knowledgest Enigmas 2, Linguistics 1, Medicine 2

Backgrounds: Eidolon 3, Memoriam 2, Haunt 3 (The
CremessteslarGreme club)

Passions: To Sing (Nostalgia) 4, To somehow make up

Mishness (Guile) 3, To eat fresh pastries, sweets, and

iu J (Lust) 2, To protect and take care of his sister and
her children (Love) 1

Arcanos: Argos 4, Puppetey 3, Keening 3

Fetters: Creme-de

Creme Club (the building that i
antique Vietcola (still in working order, mi

mo) ok, 35 ana is sister Lily ay

living close relative), 3

raculously ¢
antiques de

Atlanta (hist
Willpower
Pathos:

hadows Pi
smother when

(his Shadow looks cuti
js in conerol)

sly like his

Angst: 6
Thorns: Devil's Dare, Bad Luck
Shadow Passions: To punish Nick for wasting bis
(Guilt) 4, To make
that Nick did, turnin

ute thar no one else makes the mistake

jod (Anger) 3, To make

any business in the Creme-de-la-Creme elu
ness (Revenge) 3

£0 out of bu

Image: Nick abit
purple velvet-trimmed sui

perfectly cont
Roleplaying Notes: Your attention is easily distracted by
sic or the presence of rich sweets in the Shadowlands, You
» shake his, but they don't seem
be too inclined; you still wander why, You love ta sing andare
ve a PA system (although
accompaniment), you talk asf you always have a microphine

in your hand.

Alan Crompton
Alan Crompt
Civil War and as a b

J, although hishoyish goed looks

wake hum tetenly, approach:
very self-effacing, hut you em
a pass

iis hae is alae

that yo
you're always looking fer os

lived fis life as a mercenary during the
anty hi hut. Alan auaysed

life, large enough that he wi
murdered for hie wealth. Ieamediately after sipping sway his

‘own Caul, Alan x enemies for teverye- They al
aly, becwee
Ml works asa hounty hunter and he on eke
er they muny win to
tout nomally step,

a he teavela, showing them the

Nature: Rebel
Deieanor:

dependent Doomstayer
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity $, Stamina 3
ation 1, Appearance 2

ness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4)

on 4, Streetwise 3

Drive 4, Firearms 5, Leadership 2, Melee 4, Stealth

Knowledges: Burenucracy 3, Enigmas 2, Investigation 4,
Linguistics 2, Medi ‘Oxeule 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contac

Seat Vealth 2

3, Eidolon 3, Hierarchy
» Hevetic Status |
Passions: Prove that you're si
(Arwogance) 3, Always follow throug
Arcanos: Argos 5, Castigate 2,
Usury 2

heat soldier
ona job (ride

ound
Keening 2, Outhiye J
currently on display

torical Society, 3: House in Dec
Francisco where he died, 4

the Atlanta Hie



! Sere aT ya


Appendix:
Atlanta by Nicht



from the South. The Southern Lords had apparently termed to
the dark arts in their isolation.
In tum, the Souther Lords believed thar the Noethern
Camarila had grown power-hungry and wanted thelr lands
Many of the Lords believed that the Aboktionist movement
was ploy by Northem Brujah to undermine
ng en their source of blow
wrthar nothing less th
ution was going to bring these ind
ito line with the (
ger later, the Northern Camarilla saw their chance to send a
of Atchons and the Ventre Justicar (alang with Dor

Idiers) south to bring vengeance for their

by foe
Tebecamie quice

here wa
wis nearest to Atlant
a Torexdor Lon
Carolina, both fled to the protection of Atlanta,
ed ther with o 4 shared her heed with them.
although they were so blood-thirsty that soon she had to find,
tun rufians aed vagabonds to feed upon. Despairing of that
she took
discard

When the Civil War broke ¢
aunang the S 7

ff the Civil War, there came 2 few oth
Awakened visitors co the city. A tri of werewolves living in
the North Georgia mountains beyan to raid the city from time
to time, and several Sablnt had begun to frequent the atea
far with the need to take control of Atlanta
set hisuself up as prince of the city. Bedelia had been self
uiyled prince of the city sinee its inception, defen ms was
her tight us verted by the Souther Lods. She received the
need for strong leader, hur didn't want the strange and power-
hhungry Ignatius to rule. Behind his back, Bedelia Embraced a
{Iigent young Confederate colonel by the name

of} Benison Hi
battles by fear
‘od co himself, Beselia sensed the

ize, whe hud already distinguished himelf iv
ny without te
iness deep within bien
ube. When she Embraced

and loved him

ken, J. Benison was incredibly loyal to
Bedelia und alawst the opposite of
feal in constination though powerful

preenred J. Benison to the other dred of the city and
old them that he was her heir appy for Prince of Atlanta.

eman's army reach
wo Ki

ther Southern Lords that he wished to ruin Bedelia and At:
unea completely. Calling on Reon ftom the Lords who had
lepenudes on Ignatlis for sorcerous protection against the Ar-

chons sent against them, Ignatius arranged Atlanta's doom.

General Joseph Johnaton, whose strategy of making Atlanta %
fortified with embankments and careful troop placements may
have adequately defended the city fora time, was replaced by
General John Hood, a man who believed that the only way t
win was to ride out and engage the powerful Nothem
ment was a result of Ignatius' machinations: al:
though he brought Justicar Baylor co the city with his rail
new that Bedelia would never again ho
the Noch
inked did not realise the veh
the Justicar would bring to the ctv. Using Union troops, Ruylir
and his Archons searched the city for Kindeed, They quickly
found a few Sabbat hiding in the city and put them to the
ch. Next they discovered Taylor, and after staking him and
a childe he had recently Embraced. burned them as weil
Bedelia went out to mect the Justicar and hegged forgiveness
The Justicar told her that she would be fongiven of her
against the Camarila (she had never been involved in the
rumors of sorcery) if she would aid the Justicar in
Ie took several days to find the Tre
J given him great power.

1 power
once it fell

vence that

ever fading the wily and
lusticar Bavloe was ab
» pursue Igoatiys when it was put tod
Sherman's men. Out ofthe flames came the rest of a Sabbat
pack seho had been
tacked the juticar's tent. J. Benison distinguished hime by
ungamongpt the flames agninst he manic Sabbst war party
and defending che Justicar and Bedelia. Though he sistained §
vwounds, J. Bento aceack
snativs vanished in the flames. He hax nor been seen ot
hneard from since, and the Tremere reported soon after the burn
ing of Atlanta thar chetrThauraurg
continued extsence.

ity on Aue

torch by

tn the woos of Decatur and at

prevailed against the Sabb

uld rot detect his
Justicar Baylor changed bis mind and
it burned, watching Bedelia and J. Be
loyalty to the Camarilla and using the husk of a city a
of opetations for his continued pursuit of the Southern Lords
ome to depend an In

ed in Adan
won to insate their

rapt the Camarilla's hold on the area, Baylor required each,

the Lords to present their

logical sons and daughters) to be destroyed and allowed Pred
ns Emancipation Proc stcike the

theit power.

rageny (in some cases, their bio

grace

Aftermath and Reconstruction

‘When the South surrendered in April 1865, Juticar Baylor
fefe afier Embracing a new Archon, a woman by the name of
Eleanor Johruton, a distant cousin toGeneral Joep Johnston, 9
to serve as his representative and to use hee influence in the

109


sn a Confederate spy at one
nediacely grasping all

loyalty t0 J
ing oft Carey


‘strimony. J. Benson
supposedly tavelet all the way to Chicago by rail to meet wih
her site und ask for per marry Eleanor. Baylor
agreed only ater the aimed 3 hoow ofthe justicat for
when he had defended the Justicat from the Sabbat, That win
ter, Baylor attended the wedding, held just before Chris
attached to the Ho
an act which to this day J. Benison swears he did noe

for wna Blea

Foratme, Elean
beneath the Kimball Ho
to Rhodes Hall, a henutiful ex

‘often of
we Kindres 5

prince secretly consulted Hannah the
nat spit,

ls 1929, Atlanta's Hartsfik' Aisport
Airlines sou established i

ion of Atha
taco ata gateway city
dor Marlene presented henell to J. Bemis
fore the premiere of Gone With the i
Marlene still held considerable ch
tmiere, it was clear that Atlanta wn

4. She sur

ly mat chibde, These newfound allie
the Drones out of Rhodes Hall, thus silencing the Dead


‘hut conatantly plagued him, Soon afterward, J, Benivon vet
about the business of making Atlanta his own. With Eleanon's
skilled administration, J. Benison brought about a consider:

shle political coup, and Atlanea
areas, adding 100,000 to irs population and inereasing in size
from 37 10 118 square rniles

incorporated the aurrounding

The Restless of Atlanta warited payment for services ten

dered, They wanted the prince to promire that cestsi build
ings would have his protecrion, and that Kindred would stay
ut of Oakland Cemetery, Fora time he ignored their requests,
fot wishing to be seen as weak by them, Then the hauntings

The prince grew more dixquieted in the fate

"60s uy Thelonious, the black Brujab
rights movement. Although the prince had never been a skive
‘owner (his father hud) and did not believe tn owning slaves,
‘equality for Africans wa (nis opinion, unthinkable. Sell, J
Benue loved ta dlebace the tote with Thekontous, whom he
called "Felonious" in a half-kidling sort of way. They clashed
several thes 0 il rights issue, and several times the
prince threatened Thelonious with destruction or exile from

Drajals would nt fissen ef
icipating in the affairs of the

ceieniay Gexane sles

‘Achaia becaue: lve your

Benison's edicts against pa
Canale
In 19
Allen, Je. (who was agitest sere
B (an avowed rocist and seyregatio
Thelonious to a formal duel ro
Bin Atlaia. They fought with swo iden behind the
Govemors house, Alchough J. Beniton could normally take
the Brujah with his several decades of fencing training
Thelonious was 40 driven to beat the peince chat he bene his
very will tothe task, Vitae spattered the garden-path a they
ich scored hit after hit on each other. They fought so a stand.
till, and as the first light of the sun dawned over the city, J
Benison allowed his attention to wander for the briefest of
nts, and Thelen teousness driving his strike,
plerwed the heart of the prince with his blade. The prince
evously wounded, conceded to Thelonious with only sec-
otuls to spate before they both erupted into flame. They were
able to nied with the earth just én time

election between Ivan
ms) and Lester Maddex

ist), J. Benison challenged
ve the issue of segregation

he eve of the mi

Ivan Allen won the election and desegreyated Atlanea's
schools. a signal that the civil rights movement was definitely
having on effec, even in the heat of the South, especially in
Dy, Martin Lather King, Jc's home city. The
lowed to actively pure bi wchisacions and even
took over the iin city newspaper, "The Atlanta Joumal-Coa-

political

U2

Necropolis: Atlanta

The 70s brought more prosperity and urtention to Atlanta. |

or spent a few months travelin. selecting
her "Executive Board" for Ventrue to invite ts live in Atlanta
us
much to the chagrin of Thelo
Brujah be allowed co enter t
him to Embra

her prince's favor tnoie Toceedee

[way nr 1977 dua Clay Giowaiun einered 1
tracted by the treme:
igued by the dark rumors of the city's ghostly shadow, the
Giovani found Atlanta to be w perfect place to set apa power
base. They were iiutally sejected by thie prince, bus fee ente
ful consultation with Eleanor and other Ventrue. J. Benisen
Gouiseppi to being his Ardus Enterprises
to Adlanta, The resulting change in the economy was stagger
ing. Linswestitely chere were many tuaprervenvenis the ety 8
rapid transit system was put in, many marketplaces were buile
and big business began considering Atlanta a good place to be.

Politics in Atlanta

city. Ae
nd ine

Jous transportaticn faciliti

allowed the Giow

Prince J. Bonison Hodge ts respected bythe
Kindred of the city. Even those who di
with him cannot help but feel awe in
habit of speaking to people that
aven't there on occasion, most Kindeed ate
not aware of the connection that J. Benison has with the
swraiths of the city. The atmple face thar they all kriow that}
Benison would willingly fight a Garou or Sabbat pack should
cone attack the city J, Beoison provides Atlanta' vibrance atid
progress. Eleanor provides itssweet Southern gentility, pct
cality and hospitality

J. Benison likes to think of Atlantis Kindred as "one big
happy family" He has, over the ye sd this polley by
requitingall ofthe citys Kindred to meet once week at Rhodes
Hall for his "prayer eneeting and fellowship." J. Ber il
an in une and reads long passages from the
Bible and voms scraps uf the Book of Nod that he hus been
able to acquite

Despite the outward civility of Atlantis Kindoed, mandy
they are scheming, hateful and biter. Soomer or later, some
‘one is going to shatter the gente! house of eed rhat has been
carefully constructed over the ages, und the princes desarn wal
ke over


he is quite insane,

although her mukiness is qul
Bedelia isthe traditional Sout

her.
aced in Bright
erica with be

for a time b
freedon fi
sole

liking it one bit, sh

er site (wh arrels

one of her
xt introduced hee

etbert. He
elped b
known, he yeew
putanierad le
eslelia claims thac dh
Sill, she ha
She tend
Kindred rule, alt
These requests a
He knows better than to turn down his Au
to, she could easily ass

ided her chikle

of her chil
y has a te
ted like commands by

1 enjoys playing the power!

a lace sha

satic
a place of

sifher pillow, get her om
blossoms which she loves to sa
Harpies of Atlanta, Every Saunkry night she play
Marlene, Hannah and Eleanor an
‘Although she rarely speaks of
negative vote cast by Bedelia nearly always mu
ther three Harpies fall Immediately into

¢

liseusses the

wlan

Revels

¥ ghoul
swith people

ans that the

a4

Willpower: 8

Derangement

Aunt Bedelia's

4, Dexterity

riquette 4, Music 2, Melee 3,
Knowledge: Investigation 2, Politics 1, Law 1, Lingu

anipulation 5, Appearinee |
4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Brawl 2, Empathy 4, Leadership 4

Repair !
5, Dominate 4, Potence 1, ¢

iny the thied per
for

yrubic when she seer woman §

A few ladies who have in- 9


She's alo a bit of a hypochondriac, pretending to be
ippled although she can walk perfectly well. For the most
part, however, Bedelia is completely rational und;
Note: When Redlolis was Embraced, che war alesady an
old woman who had spent years fearing death. After her Em-
bn 4 that she had spent her last ten yours fearing
something which turned out to be not all that bad. As a re
sult, he is ahle tr perrnive- wmniths, ax the fear of death which,
ons most mortals vision does nt ef

xb-natured.

Tage: Bedelia isan ancient wou with long white he
and, although her face is heart-shaped and may
hheouriful, dhe Embrace and wld age wns noe kind

ly made of wool as she

Tony. dresses, esp

weur in the 1800.

Roleplaying Hints: Sniff lot. Don't
c cally fee lke i. Gall oun for J. Beribos
whenever upsets you. Respond posit
1 you: brush your hait, bring you fc

Sleep" a lot: in reality you're spying

people by
that

J. Benson Hodge, Prince of Atlanta esiicieed ea weathe

able alternative. It it were up to J. Benison in his youth, he
Benison' Hodge in 1830, J. would have the Sor

Beni id hard-working English family oaths of fealty and)
‘who owned slaves and worked a cotton plantation near what Wi
would one day Become Covington, Georgia. The patriarch of anid wonderfil woman named Bedelia, who instantly saw the
the Hodge clan, Roscoe Hodge, was well: greatness in him and decided eo gift him with the Embrice of
ton and the dernand that he placed on his theee ses and owe eternal life. Ev
Fheautiful daugher to learn che Great Works and read the Bible. ts
daunch Procestints, Roscoe Hodge alse conduct
ily anid slaves in liew of allowing ministers

Background: Born Jame

1th be a feudal monarchy complete with

in Atlanta during Reconstruction, lve met a wie

since his Embrace, he has accepted his des

to be a great wariar-king for Kindred everyw

ugh he was surprised to be chosen as prince, und although

1e dislikes the job, he gives himelf completely to the role and

them. Rescce had lived through will often do much jure to "become a better prin

manded thar all of his sms be Since his Embeice, the bravery chat

in many different manty pursuits: hunting, boxing, — batile during the Civil War has grown

wnanship, pistoleshooting and riding. These skills were reek!

tw serve J. Benison well in la
J, Bention moved to Riclimo

mother's sister

meetings for hi
on his plantation
we Revolutionary War and

nv showed i

sv almast unin

soness in the face of danger. J. Berison simply doesnot
Although he wil bec

a, to be with his. [ant ifthteatesed, he is ually cooleaded in situations that

cl atceipt 10 find his fertune in that city, wvuld cause other Kindred to Mee in teror.}, Benison i, after

When de Civil War broke our,). Benson was among the firt all, sine. His mojor flaw is his violent nature, which he rie
enlist, He distinguished hit less young to channel into useful purpove. Stille lives his Atlantn wth

‘man who actually charged a line of muskets: Fortunacely, his aheatt Larger than any lion's and under bi hand she has pros

travery took the enemy so completely by surpeice that he was pered

lero slay seven men, by which rime the te brigade Alehouy
ul clove the distance as well

al

et at rns.and more vigt

fn the w

many believe thar). Benison's talking to people
ere 16 0 result of his cccerstecity, Ihe is oexly
(Upon reearning to Addanta, flushed with success, keeping in touch with some of his Hierarchy frienda, wriths
fell in kove with the city: He retiumed home and learned that who help him gather information aboue the city in exchanye
he had lost both two brothers and his eterly father in the for special favors. The Anacteons have used J, Benison's power
Cuil War. conflict he preferred to call the War of Noxthem to stop many Haunts from being tom down. He enjoys speak

ing to the Anacteons and can see mast wraiths quite enaly
like many plantation owners, however, |. Benison did because he does not fear death ar all. He J
that owning slaves was right and good thing to erable knowledge of wraiths over the years, and this is why he


sa prince, Nor much goes
about ultimately

Mallavian (although he doesn't like to talk about it)

Nature: Cavali

Deme

Generation:
Embrace:
Apparent Age

Mental: Perception 4 Lnrellige

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Em
pathy 3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 5, Subterfuge 1

Disciplines: Dominate 6, Auspex 4, (

Beslegrowedss Reco

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self

Animal Ken 1, £
use 1, Stealth 5

ledges: Atlan

Knowledge 4, Bureaucracy 1

ation 2, Law 4, Lin
. Spirit Lore 5,

juscate 4, Fort
nce 4

3, Prote
3, Herd 3, Re

Humanity: 6
Willpower: 9

Blood

Derangement:

of fear. Stil
tions becat

ther and piv
J. Benison
mally wate!

him to do.
do,
Tneage:

yes, flowing auburn hai,

noustache
hand

Poolt 30
ompletely unafraid of most
ma benefit tor
shapshe leads a charmed unlife. To this date
loth
mely dangers

I, he is often placed In ext
arlessness

1 J, Benison has cause to 6
as that haunt his

ir Goth eyes. "This occasional
Kindred would noe

range th

hed with gre
him op

Although his face # not ex
3 friendly, easy-going charm th:

youneed fo. Occasionally, show a deeper

there, then act like it never happened,

Eleanor

joyed ht. enjoyed discovering the deli
ate uses of her power to work great changes

The only man placed anywhere near het in paver was J
Benison. As Archon, she technically overruled him, but in.

fear her ot her dread sire. She was incredibly impress

Benison, whose knowledge of the

ating and civiited, bat
lear and firm when giving orders. You demand the
atcxand you, You ace with swift ana! certain

efsand your words. Tyla
smuanly and bi

seat Baylot, Eleanor tsa pow
athe warior-king]. Benin,

rettified of the man who

Se]

onorable. From titne
people who are not

hee powers, en

apparently did


lid te with such guile and such business acumen that she could

ST no wily refuse. [t was a perfect merger of their spheres of
power,

‘She now hares Baylor for removing her title a: Archon
just because she married Benson. In truth, she wouldn't have
agreed to the marriage if she had known that it would cost hee
ther position

anor now conducts a secret love afin with Denial,
herchilde and favorite ofthe moment. She does all she ean to
keep this secret from J. Benison, as she knows the prince
would desttoy Benjamin in n jealous rage if he knew

‘Alhough Eleanon and dhe prince luve never shares blood
they often feed together.

Pethaps because of her particular prey appetites, Eleanor
has always beer a proponent of civil rights: Her actions be-
P hisnl the scenes ane what made J, Benison finally relent to the
«ivi rights movemenc in Atlinta, Thar, and the face that she
manipulated him into challenging Thelonious to a duel.

Ch

Sine: Bayloe

Nature: Traditionatist

Demeanors Traditionalise

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1864

Apparent Age: 28

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Peteeption 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 4, Alertnes 3, Beawl L, Dodge 2,
dation 5, Intrigue 4, Leadership 4, Sense Deception 4,
fe +

Shills: Dancing 3, Etiquette 4, Ficearms 2, Music
Security 2

lly Lore 4. Finance 4, Investipaion 4
3, Linguistks 3, Politics 4
ilines: Auspex 2, Celevty 4, Dominate 5, Fortitude 3,
‘Obfuscate 1, Potence 2, Presence 5, Protean 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 5 (Government), Allics 3, Sta-
tus4, Retainers 3, Herd 4, Rewources 5, Influence 5
Viet
Humanity: 5
Willpower: 9
Notes Eleanor only feeds on African-American men.
Images Eleanor is classic pale rish-English beauty with
hugh cheekbones, pale white skin and beautiful grcen eves. She
sembles u lioness, all strength and intelligence. Her hair
in down her back and nearly brushes the ground when
unbound, which is rare, She wears "proper cloches" at all times,
uunally fashions that were popular in the 18%0s, which is cure
renily het favorite time for fashion, She dislikes the business
of the current day, especially en women and will often

wat polis: Atlanwa

ask her business subordinates eo wear a dress whew they vist
her

Roleplaying Hints

Souther aecent

Speak quietly, with a soft genteel

1h YOu Bic gtr Upmety use dhe
gt) OF ure

‘ou wish ft, Kindeed will not be able to tesist you. You are wed
to being in charge, and won'e take gull foo

Benjamin

‘Born in Atlanta in 1934. Benjamin Brown was the ean of
an African-American grocer in Sweet Auburn. Graham Brown,
his father, wanted more for his son than for him co be a grocen
Instead of encouraging him ca join the furnily business, Cirn
ham helped pay for Benjamin te attend Morris Brown College
in Alinta, While in college, Benjamin learned that he had a
passion for the law, and pursued w law degroe in the University
of Georgia in the late fifties, overcoming segregation policies
to be able to attend law clases. Upon eraciation. fi
opened a practice on Auburn street, not very far away from his
father's grocery. Before he knew it, he was swamped with the
kind of commercial legal caseload thar is Heel baw of;
fice @ great success and put him in touch with same of rhe
movers and shakers of Aclanca's business community, both:
white and black. Be parleyed d
siderable stock portfolio on companies originating in Athinon
‘He abo began to take on business advisory roles for sew
corporations in Atlanta, not only representing them but offer
ing them business advice based on his keen intellect and sharp
jamin felt like he had to hide his true feelings from his em:
ployers, Soon he was unable to continue t keep silent about
the outrage thar had built within him, One night, after at
tending a peayer meeting at che Phenezer Raptist Church where,
Dx. Martin Luther King, Jr. had given the sermon, Benjamin
‘he was cerminating his contract with chem. He w
services up to the entire civil rights movement.
‘hile, he despaired privately at what he had low.
He still had his stock portfolio, but as his contacts with the
feadoemworld dees sare bs vetchtl tae ak oa
ues decline. He longed for the thrill of the deal, for the power
to stand up in a boordtoom full of executives and command
theirarrention. He took to brooxting in the stacks of the Morris
She had been watching the brilliant young lawyer work his
was singularly impressed with the young man, not only be-

and his legal


he ind but a
ople's motivations. On
cornered him in the Mortis Beowe li
Her hunger #0 sated, she tumed to him and begat: having 9
ation with him. He thas
1s to what powers she had. He began t
that cut to the heart of what being a
stood the entirety of

uncanny understand

aty and drank feorn bit

e larme

‘vorpite, even curio

ask ncn questi

at. He

what she

camped the Masquerade behind
everything

» command him to forget his con:

ad with a chock thar fis will wa

for inate. St

Jad manpulaced her into revealing
now, Chil fear

When Eleanor went
mn with her, she real

realized as well that by
eth
jppedther heart she, the chikle
ha breach of the Ma
ally not in thie

1 she had want.

ved in suc
an imp

seem as though he had been kidnapped of assawinated

affiliation with the-civil rights movement

After artempting to Dominate o¢ otherwise control bir
repeatedly, Elennoe wns left with bur one thing ro da, a thing
which Benjamin himself suggested ro her. In the early hours of

the moming, Eleanor embraced Benjamin and brow

into the Ventrue Cla.
Unwilling (and a liele afraid) to tell J. Benisor 9
new childe, Eleanor immediately sent Benjamin to Ox

England, to further study law and learn the ways of the Ki

sired frora her sire. Benjamin retuened to his Law office and
(old his contacts in che community that he had to take an
opportunity to study law int Oxford, bur that he would return

iva few years to further aid the movement. By way of apology
pe created the Gr

am Brown Civil Rights Advocacy Fund

s stock portfolio, During the 70s Benjamin learned
Oxford law and Kindred polities from his grandsire and re
tuumed to Atlanta in the early '80

Ble

to Atlanta to Je

he Oxford wecent th
convince the Prince that
‘not that the Prince doubted his dear Elean
al vot ah

jamin
he
(or ifhe did, he
the Addana legal w

arn Superior Co

a major puppeteer of

nthe Stat
Federal Cowen
ful

um, the I
thread of power thar extend
the Supreme Court. Benjamin has built for himself a

Supreme € Cirewie

Whar El

an excellent intriuer. Because Atlanta is hi
reen able to renew hi

has made quite a place for himself. He has spread his root
prand wide in the city and has ne

f Atlanta, Be

holding companies that even Eleanor hasn't heard of...

Benjamin isn't necessarily inte ipplanting Eleanor

power. He is, howewer, i in maintaining and holding

his own

Ouewardly, Benjamin is sil his cultured refined Oxford
likes J. Bens

neyed Old South meutali

self. Inwatdly, h 2 for hus insanity and his
11 Fle

day he may reveal the

ow he waits. He has become friends with son

e city and has even been accepted

jamin contin y fund through

silent pa
derable

has also used him a ry to other
the South. His a

vampire pri

e black Lear jet (with the light rout

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5


Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, De

sion 3, Intimidation 3, I

ton 3, Subterfuge 4
Shilo: Darcie 2, Equctio, Fs

ave 2, Miss),

Knowledges: Atlanta Area Knowledge 4, Co
Finance 3, Bureaucracy 4, Investigation 3, Kindest
cs
Anumalism 2, Auspex 3, Dominate 3, Fort
e 4, Pocence 1, Presence 3,
Backgrounds: Contacts 5 (Judicial System), Allies (At-
us 3, Retainers 4, Herd 3, Resources 4,

aria Lon
Law4,

Virtues: Conscience 4, S

Merit Flaw

Humanity: 7
Willpower 8
Image: A your, highly attractive A\

Control 4, Courage 4
Iron Will (3)

n-American man

nel

closely cropped hair wed glasses, Dex
19 Saville Row sults and has his catlor flown in regul

sly

Roleplaying Notes: Engage people's ent
youlapeak walt them. You're tmp
wnt Tike ghittering g
ticeept them fram
sll, people feel th
vot the fietwe bi

on when
precise,
mises, sa don't

When

nt, diver, ex

You: neralities or false

one: "Just give me the facts
you genuinely lke thet,

acex: Benjaunin can only feed vn people who were bom
in Atlan,

Thelonious

Originally from the Yoruba lands in
(called Kancab fick then) was taker a a yo
ip by Way of Faitt, While on boand shi
thyayer who told hum that he wou
anal that his life would extend pase his deat

ie. He soe out this when he was subjected te
the auction himse!
Gin. He was worked vick

va failing farm in Vu-

and soon
fh whip scars and torcure marks

hemelve

The faria he was on went bankrupr, and he was sold to 9
strangelooking abit freed-blaek who bought him with money
ed by powe itionists anu took him te Boston to live

hile ix Boston, ad and exposed to many
seat books, nv coact, how to speak, and more impor
tantly, how 10 think. His freedom was granted to him by the

rman who hovught hi
As he

a man who would only give his name w

Isaac nenciouasly read the great works of world litera-

lpi staves
wth on the Underground Railroad. He
became so active politically that he artracted the attention of
his leng-lont benefactor, Issac, who took Thelonious 9 New
aced him ax one of the Baujah Ever stnce
as he says: An intel

of tyranny ov of humanity.
Jecrual with steength behind his words, Thelonious soon rose
toa prominent position among the Brujah of New York. How
ever, at the end of the Civil War, he fel called to go South

wre the nighey of his brethren there

ip with both the rypical Brajah-Ver
ath the typical blnck-shire preju
‘was neatly imposible for Thel
contact with his ances
continue on. Two gleaming Yoruba wi
collars mide of purest Ivory. sppearél to him in dreams oa
regular basis, showing him th
J secrets. For i
He still &

re pe
fice of the time
Te was only his

nis to bes
ie ponsible for hima w
sthosts who wore

he was on the sight path,
ng inne,
1 only recog

the only Brujah in Au
Beujali in Atlanta. The Prince ean't stand the Brujah Cl
{possibly because Eleanor also despises them), although there
vite a few uorecognised Brujal in the city

he pit

Thelonious controls all
lading the Journal Const
Creative L

media in the eity, It
ly
ah

ing. He occasionally sens i

rhrough mysterionts personals i the hack of Creative Loafing
Lately The! ns about


Nature: Visionary
Demeanoe: Pedage
Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1859
Apparent Aye

y 3, Stamina 4

2, Appearance 3
nce 5, Wits 3
ral 1, Dodge 3, E

Talents: Alertness 3, hy 4. In

timidation 3, Lea
Skills: Drive

Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 4

Etiquette 3, Firearmns 3, Melee 1, Music 3,

Stealth 3. Repair 1. Survival 3

Knowledges: Kindred Lore 3, Camarilla Lore 3, Atlanta
Area Knowl Bureauemey 3, Law 5, Linguistics 3, Sei
ence 3, Medicine

Diveiplincar Auspex 3, Celerity 4, Dominate 1, Prescace
3, Potence 1, Procean 3, Obfuscate 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Influence 4,
Herd 4

3,

I-Control 4, Courage 3

Willpower: 8

Tnages A falety ba

metican, Thelonions
ars modem busines

lathes,
His have is kept short arn

Roleplaying Hin
kon Brujabs, and he rarely
‘ay he & a propenent o
iy knows how

bly well edu

jee. He w

ly ceveal the depeh of his under

Marlene

Gertie ued to he a two-hit sturlet who umually had to visit
was a triple threat

he couldn't couldn't dance, she couldn'

he casting couch in onder to peta part. Sh

inthe n
do anythin
Marlene. She fell in with « powerful vamp
ised he
ppc
tired of Marlene as her nasal voice and lack

cexral life and complete

was accepeed by the p
11 Atlanta. Shi Jiscovered h

herself a
smediuumship," as sh

her friends. She has

her and asks them questions. The f
end by her antics, and though nc
presence to Marlene and her friends
hind the Shroud. She & very di
strange happens at these
outof

hers

chin this Shirley Ma

heeself w s
and sr
works. Her larest work hangs in

Marlene fanc
of castoll scrap me

Benison'sclean:
igo. The Kins
prince's disapproval) t

alls it. Supposedly

lesteoyingg her by giv
hunters, Whe
ts and get abc
‘withthe Wind in

ce and allowe

WW potent

permanently in Adlanta, even though
at dhe tune had already divisled up the avila
in the area. The prince allowed Marlene t

Hollywood tradition, Matlene is flake. She
ce Californian fads, including holding séances for

they wi

she fled thems, she

hum, He made 9»

d the plane
nn. Luck

nteh hee from be-
d when nothing

be makew fool of B

aatea few years 9

hey don't


Because of her "naughty" beginnings as» wtarle, Marlene
felt immedtately attracted to Atlanta' sex
very beginning. She moved in and beg:
‘every pomoagrapher, proscitue, pimp and stripper. She provided
legal protection to many of the clubs in. Atlanta, Cheshire
Bridge Rood is now her place of power, She has been able t
control many of the sex shows, stip clubs and lingerie model
plives with her Presence alone, Marlene has lately become
very rich on these strip clubs in Atkin and ts always looking
to expand her marker.
Clan: Toreador
2 Irving

Nature: Connive

Demeanort Bravo

Generation: Yeh

Embrace: 1936

Apparent Age: 26

Physicals Strength 2. Dexterity 2, Seamina 2

Social: Charisma J, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Meatals Pecception L, Intelligence 2, Wits #

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 1, Empa-
thy 1, Intimidation 3, Intrigue 4, Leadership 3, Sereetwise 3,
Subterfuge 4

Skillet Crift 2, Drive 2, Eriquette 2, Firearms 2, Melee 1,
Music 2, Performance 1, Stealth 4, Repair 2

Knowledges: Movie Lore 4. Bureaucracy 1. Medicine 2,
Occule3

Discipline

Auspex 2, Celerty 2, Presence 4, Dominate 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Influence 3, Seatus 3, Ment 3,
Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience |, Self Control 5, Courage 4

Humaniey: 4

Willpower: 7

Image: Martene is pretty but not beautifil. Because she
insists that she y heauiful, but does uot truly believe this her
vel, her overall appearance suffers. She especially does not
like her lagish nose, and sometimes sbe qu
Matlene Is never sect in the same oath wis
tention away from her none

Roleplaying Tips: You're vupld, two-dimensic
extremely catty — at least that's the se you play. You know
tehat people think of you and don't really care. You've gotten
this tron your look smarts and guts and you'te noe poking to
let anyone take that away from you. You ae falsely frenly to
virtully everyone while you speak with them. Behind theit

back, you're breaking out the knives

Hannals.grey eyed, all knowing Hansa: Alec pu
tanical in her dress and actions, Hannah isnonetheless pow)
erful Thaumaturgist of note. She won her position as the
‘Chantry leader through loyal serviee to the Clan and has since
lainguished hervelf in her continuing service to Vien. Still,
she is no great schemer, and ehis is something which she un
erste She prefers to study magic in her mansion on Ponce
de Leon Avenue and only get involved with Kindred politica
when abeohuealy necsteary Thie has counted
the past, but in Atlanta, the Tremere need her steady hud
and unswerving loyalty now more than ever for the secret
project they are pursuing (see Ignatius below).

Hannah is no-nonsense and a well-havinss Bic ipliaia
In fact, some of the more problematic Tr
ally sent to het for refresher trainin in Kindred eriquerte wn
the proper way » Tremere should behave. One ofthese secent
seudents is an Teemcte Ancilla avid Eases wir wap Ea
by afoul Tremere Antiteibu por
eth
as she

wt her i

Child Nature conflicts with her Conniver Demet
tris to be an tale vampice while reer caught in chai
bod

Hannah would do just about anything to learn the Path:
of Spirit Thaumnaturgy. For some reason, the Couneil of Seven
sefuses vo process her requeses ty study it, She has picked up
enough knowledge in her own reseurch vo gat the first rank
tn the Parh but cannot go beyond that. Hannah senses the
mass of the Restless in Atlanta' shadow. She wishes to learn
‘how to bind chear and Ser chem wn journeys and tasks. She
knows that there is something brewing with the Tremere in
Atlanta, but vat get any of her contacts to explain exactly
wvhat |

Hannah maineams strict regimen, and expects her charge
Emaleth to do his as wel. Hannal is up immediately ate

J usually works fairly excensively until just before

sunup copying ancient romes, setting up lab experiments. and
sharpening the Skills and Diserplines she already possess

Clans Tremere

‘Sires Abigail

Nature:

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Appacent Age: 42
Physicals Strength 1, Destenty 3, Stamina 2
Socials Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Pereption 4 Lntelligence 5, Wits 2
Talents: Aleriness 5, Brawl 1, Doxige 3, Intimidarion 4,
Intrigue 2, Leadership 2, Sense Decepnion 5, Subterfuge 2


Skills: Eriquette 4, Firearms 1, Muste 4, Stealth 4, Secu-
Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 4, li
ane 4, Spitie Lore 3, Mage Lore
tics 4, Politics 2
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 1, Dominate 5, Foeritude 1,
Obfuscate 3, Protean 5, Thaumaturyy 5, Pach of Movement of
ve Mind 3, ‘of Flames 3, Poth of Weather Con
trol 2, Path of Conjurmg 4, Path of Spirit Thaumarurgy 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 5 (Occult), Allies (Qxcule) 3,
Status 4, Herd 3, Rewarces 2, Influence 4

restigation 4, Kindred
13, Faense Le

‘onsctence 3, Self-Control 3, C

Image: A severe woman with a tightly-wrapped bun of
siratop her hea amor, Hannah
prefers pln black dresse
Roleplaying Hints:

ful schoolmsstress. She cult

piercingeyes and astern
ar all vim

Wy Hannah as the quiet but power

ates a dragon lady sort of aura
about her. Speak only whee spoken to, always sit up straight
and never {or w minute flineh about

eo

Lorenzo Giovanni

oma the V

1 command. You

t th
uld be asked and done with very quickly

are to be obeyed without question, is to be a ques

Having come: snonly the past three years,
not a K ghoul of the
Giovanni. Yet he isu particularly powerful ghoul, a ghoul whe!
By day, h

might ote day be Embraced by the famih san

investment banker in Atlanta helping to farther the profi

anni's corporations. By night, he is turned Looe it

sst Giovanni playgrounds that
ined. He wanders che hack streets and cemeteries of Atlanta
(particularly Oakland), looking

ntially enslay

Secretly, however, no ows Lorensis true nurnos
in Atlanta. He is looking for a book called the Black Thorn
Codex. The Black Thom Codex has a number of Spirit
inuals involving the Restless Dead in i, as well

as a long and detailed account « sues about acct
scipline. The Codex
v the Tremere
2 traced its presence huck to At
yere inthe city. So fan all
3 spirits he has contacted with his Discipline have been et
Drones, shades or Hierarchy wraiths who will not will
ingly aid bin 1 ah

was stolen many hundreds of years ig and

the Giovan nta, Lorena

fs not yet sure if the Codes is some

aythiny the subject

ranni have w considerable business operation {n
as well, and Lorenzo hax presented himself
prince, who has accepted him for a six month stay to look

business" in the
givings with Giovanni interests in

" Because of Eleanor

wer, he will be asked ¢
withit the ul

leave if even he doesn't
lotted six month time-frame.

an unusual pen.
‘indred ane coneerne

fhe hus shared a hed with

Host: Anniks Giovanni (6th generation)
Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Gallant

Ghouled:
Apparent Aj
Physical: Srrength |, Dextesity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Ch

Mental:

1176

Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, In
timidation 3, Ine

Skills ic 1, Stealth 5, Secu
rity 4

Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 4, Finance 4, Investigation 4
Kindred Lore 4, Spirit Lore 4 Law 2, Linguistics 4, Occult 4
Auspex 3, Celen 3, Necro»
3, Potence 3, Protean 2, Thaumaturgy 2, Path of Lane
cof Spirit Thaumaturgy 3

Flames 2,


Choice Concep
ignatius' Trove

When Ignatius was de
he left behind a vault of

4 Story Concepts for Crss-
f over Games

i yruatius
und the Chantry,
y parncular Axcaties and helping. vat
with thelr experiments
Aclunta a few year


k Thorn Codex, 25 Underground Arlanta}

¢ Camarilla Lore 4, Fi
Spirit Lore 4, Lines

ustn 3, Pup

Backgrounds: Relies 2, Allies 4 (Council of Seven,
)

"Other Sor ideas

Tre


Credits Pag:

Written by: oc

owing words are covered up by an initial ep:
"Just as a soul."

illowiny, thingy are missing from the example char-

acter sheet
Keep writing (2)
Ruin publisher (2) [needs one more dot]

to. HO

between the bot
ing pge, the

n ofthe page and the top of the follow:
ang text is missing:

the subject's future or past. The Storyteller should never

P respond with a direct answer, but instead in a cryptic

A8ce px. XX) ~ (see pe 212)

pg, (63, Pandemonium

Fog Chart on pg: XX. = Fog Chart on pg. 205

pg. I, Usury

(see Healing, pg, XX) = (see Healing, pp, 198)

The enly way that a wraith can snake ag
§s through the Moliate are *Martialry"

ils ard Artfats

Inadition, the example character has the background of
We didn's think it was exactly fats co
et lint, pens

Relies, which was c
make charac

without relle
bullets! A reliesword, on the other hand, wil function as nor

vars and Waits

Ifthe nacure of a Matkavian'y madness is such that hewould
i he were human, then he is able to vee

alkavise who chinks that he

compulsive shopper would not he


ISBN 1-56504-164
Ww 6200 $15.00

» MMM
a |IAN
