# File: Nobles - the Shining Host.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

ie

» Py
cry

d

™

NM .
b

Dancin now ~.

bor Twill fale ye

&
a

[me = m™ Bw


Nobles : The Shining Host

a Sourcebook for Changeling the Dreaming
Scanned by Zwierzynka

Powered by Zwierzynka

Compressed by Nelly the Elephant

A special release for the Rpg Bookz & Scans from DC++
alias the one and only direct connect hub

available at this exclusive adress :

>>>>> rpgbookz.dyndns.org <<<<<

Enjoy ll

Sie


«>

a

W
S a

«

Credics

Written by: Chris Howard

Developed by: Ian Lemke

Edited by: Rob Hatch, Ronni Radner

Vice President in charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Directors: Aileen E. Miles and Lawrence Snelly
Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: David Fooden, Rebecca Guay, Andrew Mitchell
Kudelka, Brian Le Blanc, Brian O'Connell, Richard Tho-
mas, Drew Tucker

Border Art: Henry Higgenbotham

Front Cover Art: Tony DiTerlizzi

Front & Back Cover Design: Ash Arnett, Aileen E.
Miles

1 SUITE 100
j 780 PARK NORTH BLYD.
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

WHITE WOLF]
CAME STUDIO

©1995 by White Wolf. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without written permission of the
publisher is expressly denied, except for purposes of
reviews. Changeling: The Dreaming, Mage: The
Ascension, Werewolf: The Apocalypse, Wraith:
The Oblivion, Vampire: The Masquerade and
Nobles: The Shining Host are all trademarks and
copyrights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies
or products in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned. printeo IN CANADA

2 Nodles: The Shining Nosc

Special Thanks co:

Richard "Imperial Herald" Thomas, for doing those
shields and loving/hating it.

Josh "Vicissitude" Timbrook, for staring into the
gaping maw of controversy. :

Aileen "Nomad" Miles, for being bitten by the Sega
bug.

Kathy "Storytelling" Ryan, for getting to do it again.

Larry "Transcontinental" Snelly, for spreading the
gospel of White Wolf to the Mediterranean.

Ash "Mr. Particular" Arnett, for being so.

Katie "Clermont Lounge" McCaskill, for being the
hostess with the mostess.

Matt "Obi Wan" Milberger, for his growing collec-
tion of Star Wars toys.


Chapter One: Historyof the Uasal Sidhe

: af Chapter Two:Rank and Privilege
y Chapter Three: Politics
> Chapter Four: World View

Chapter Five: Those Who Rate

Book Two



Lord, what fools these mortals be.
-—Puck, A Midsummer Night's Dream

The Dream Lords are in their rightful place of power
once more.

The year 1969 marked an event as momentous as the
moon landing or the raging war in Vietnam: the return of
the sidhe. The lords and ladies of the sidhe are unlike any
others in the World of Darkness: untimely ripped from the
bosom of the Dreaming and cast newborn into the cold,
white light of what humanity calls "reality." They are a
people of neither world.

Behind Them: Torn from the Dreaming where they
once ruled, the sidhe passed through the Mists of Memory
and do not remember their immortal past. Their myths
and stories (both racial and personal) are tantalizingly,
painfully beyond their grasp.

Before Them: The dark and hostile world the sidhe
find themselves thrust into is unlike any they dared dream
of in the days of antiquity. The world has changed since
they were last part of it, walking among the superstitious
throngs of humanity as gods. The simplicity of the farmer
in his fields or the shepherd tending his flock in green

pastures has given way toa noisy horror show of supersonic
transports, digital highways and nerve gas.

The newly returned sidhe walk a razor's edge between
the worlds of past and present, fancy and reality, with
nothing to depend on but themselves. A less worthy
people may have crumbled in the face of such overwhelm-
ing adversity, but in the 25 odd years since their return the
sidhe have not only survived, but have triumphed. Ship-
wrecked on a strange and alien shore, the sidhe drew upon
their inner strengths, battling commoner and commoner
noble alike to regain their place of leadership amongst the
Kithain. What is remarkable is the degree to which, in 25
short years, they have succeeded. The earthbound fae,
long resentful of the imperious nobility, nevertheless in
large measure now concede them their historical place in
Kithain society:

During their long absence many myths and supersti-
tions grew among the commoners. Most Kithain have
longed viewed the sidhe with superstitious awe and fear.
The time since their initial return has done little to change

Introdaction


this opinion in the minds of many changelings, who
(consciously or subconsciously) view the sidhe to be their
superiors. Beautiful yet terrible, the sidhe walk the streets
among the teeming throngs of humanity, and the look in
their eyes is one of proprietary disdain. Something about
even the lowest among them gives pause to even the most
radical commoner antimonarchist. At the same time,
something unsullied and innocent about them touches
even the most cynical human.

Many commoners whisper that the nobility protects
itself from the reality of the world by living in palaces of
spun sugar in the Dreaming. They laugh, knowing that the
first strong rain will wash the intruders away. Perhaps this
is true. Although the sidhe have fought many great battles
with the other Kithain to regain their lost power, their
mettle has yet to be tested by the other great powers of the
world. Yet the time of this great testing quickly ap-
proaches. The great cataclysm that the vampires call
Gehennaand the werewolves call Apocalypse gathers like
a great storm. The Kithain call this time Winter, and the
newly arrived nobility may soon find themselves battling
forces beyond any they dared imagine.

Nobte Lexicon

¢ Children of Lilith — Vampires.

¢ Tuatha de Danaan — The progenitor race of all the
Kithain, according to the sidhe.

¢ Dream Lords — The sidhe.

© Fionn Sidhe — Fair sidhe.

© The Five — The five noble houses of the sidhe, who
returned during the Resurgence.

¢ Fomorians — A brutal and powerful race of mis-
shapen monsters. Traditional enemies of the Tuatha de
Danaan and the sidhe. Possibly related to fomori.

¢ Hidden Ones — Human mages who trade in the
powers of Banality (a.k.a. the Technocracy).

¢ Impulse — The three main persuasions of Seelie
Concordian political life (Traditionalists, Reformers and
Modernists).

¢ Lost Ones — Faeries (mostly sidhe) who disap-
peared into their freeholds during the Shattering.

¢ Morphean Oracles — Kithain soothsayers who
specialize in predictions about the Dreaming. The best
belong to House Scathach and control much of its destiny.

e Nertmar Sidhe — Powerful sidhe.


¢ Romantic — A changeling who gives free rein to
her feelings of love.

¢ Romanticist — A changeling who pursues ro-
mance as a calling or vocation. Sometimes, one who
belongs to a Romanticist organization.

¢ Romantic Legacies — The psychological attributes
that define a changeling's romantic personality.

¢ Silver Path — A path of silver that guides and
protects changelings in the Dreaming.

¢ Sons of Adam, Daughters of Eve — Humans.

¢ Sorcerer / Sorceress — Changelings who have
mastered at least one Art (5 levels) and excelled at
another (4 levels).

e Sun and Serpent — The border between the
Kingdom of the Sun and the Kingdom of the Feathered
Snake. One of Concordia's most dangerous flash points.

e Twilight e — The Interregnum.

¢ Uasal Sidhe — High sidhe.

¢ The Waking Lands — The world in which most
humans live.

e¢ Wizard — A human mage, one who practices
Sphere magick.

Introdaction


ale ai

i,


And the diviner rose up, stroking his gray beard, and
spake guardedly... this I know and foretell — that you will

never come to Carcassonne.

—Lord Dunsany, Carcassonne

—As told by the sidhe bard and Glass Circle conjurer,
Sir William of Virginia, to the court of Queen Mab.

Now Duke Asterlan was a wise and just ruler, and the
Kithain of his dukedom reaped the benefits of his good rule.
All the fae, from the meanest of the boggans toiling in the
fields to the sluagh who live in the catacombs beneath the
nearby city (which men call Boston), were contented. His
subjects toasted his health, life and good fortunes over
draughts of gossamer wine and steaming tankards of goblin
ale. Even the vile and brutish redcaps were treated with a
measured and appropriate degree of kindness, once they
forswore their bloodthirsty ways. In all the lands, there was
none to compare with the duke. He was a paragon of all fae
virtues: skilled and strong in battle, merciful in victory.
Artist, philosopher and patron of the arts, none could match
his wit or his fae beauty, both of which were justly famed
throughout the lands. Justice flowed from the duke's right
hand and righteous might from his left. A rare and radiant
stone was on his brow, and that stone was called "wisdom."
Truth was the duke's shield and courage was his sword.

In the few short seasons since the Dream Lords' return
from Arcadia, the borders were made secure for the first
time in the memories of even the oldest graybeards. The
wild and dangerous chimera were mostly slain, and good-
hearted creatures, both chimerical and mundane, gave
bended knee and lowered head before the duke's train, as
was his due. Even the smallest beggar childling could sleep
soundly in his bed, content that all was safe and well.

Now it came to pass that the Kithain of the dukedom
tose up as one and cried out for a celebration in the duke's

)} honor. Word of the unsolicited celebration spread quickly,
even in other kingdoms. In every glade and hearth and
lodge the duke's subjects spoke of nothing else. Lord and
} lady, burgher and peasant sought to outdo each other in
\ the devising of the grandest gift. Honest nocker smiths
} labored deep into the night over forges of green balefire.
Satyr bards and sidhe poets did battle with their own

} creative demons, in hopes of wresting the choicest morsels
of wit and sentiment from the lips of the muses. As the

glorious day drew near, the people's excitement grew. It
was also a time that the mortals called "bicentennial," and
the festival air sparked ‘twixt mortal and Kithain like
summer lightning.

The center of the celebration was the duke's palace,
that was in those days called Lenoria. Nowhere in all the
Dreaming was there a place to compare with Lenoria. Here,
it is said, the water married the summer sky. Built on the
surface of a great lake, the duke's palace was a symphony of
glass and mirrored turrets, each reaching higher than the
last. On the day of the celebration the turrets mirrored clouds
as white as angel hair. The lake was as blue as the Oracle
Stone, and so calm that it created a second great mirror,
echoing the beauty of Lenoria to the heavens. The duke's
subjects came in their finest raiment, a symphony of finery
that might well shame fair Arcadia herself. In the great
mirrored hallway, the duke received his grateful people.
Beneath their feet the glass floors presented a tableau of fish,
both mundane and chimerical, who made their home be-
neath the palace's surface. Gifts both great and small were
given, and in every instance the givers of the gift found their
generosity returned tenfold by the duke. The merry laughter
of excited childlings and aged graybeards mixed together in
a revelry never before seen by the subjects of the dukedom.
Besides the gifts of the duke's subjects, however, each of the
nine great peoples of Concordia chose a representative to
give the best of their kind.

The gift of the satyrs was a lusty ballad of comedies
great and greater still. After this the people were even
merrier. Laughter fair shook the palace to its foundations,
this a palace that a hundred armies could not destroy.
Second came the boggans. Six of them there were and
each of them held aloft a golden rail. Between them they
carried a great golden cauldron. Placed before the duke,
the cauldron's lid was lifted anda hundred birds of gold and
silver flew out, circling the assembly and nesting in the
palace's rafters. The joyous squealing of the childlings at
this spectacle lifted even the most dour and Banality-
weighted of graybeard hearts.

Astertan


A waft of cinnamon and incense announced the arrival
of the eshu, gaily attired in the colorful voile ofa dozen lands.
In chorus they wove a musical tapestry of danger and high
adventure throughout the throng. For a time the duke and
his subjects walked through that tapestry to lands beyond fair
Arcadia, beyond the Dreaming itself — yet when the last
note was carried off by the breeze, all were safely returned.
Next came the pooka, all flash and guile and yellow silk.
Their leader, a clever rabbit named Brer, sternly delivered a
scholarly polemic on why the duke's lands outshone all
others, while all the while his fellows capered and juggled
and ballyhooed about him. A second time the foundations
of fair Lenoria shook with laughter. The graybeard chamber-
lain was heard to warrant that it sounded like the Doomsday
Dragon itself was at the gate.

When the china stopped its rattling a throng of nockers
stood forward. With calm and serious demeanor they pre-
sented the duke with the results of a hundred smiths laboring
a hundred night: a shield they named Doria. Its surface was
as black as the Great Darkness and emblazoned on it was an
eagle rampant, red as blood. "A thousand blows will not dent
it, nor willathousand arrows pierce it": such was their pledge.
Next came the lordly sidhe and all in the audience were near
blinded by their radiance. Highest among them was the
duke's goodly cousin and sovereign of those lands, Queen
Mab. The mirrors of the hall reflected her flawless beauty
into infinity and for a moment all the seasons of Arcadia
were reborn in the hearts of those assembled. Her voice made
even the oldest young again as she accorded her queenly
esteem to the duke: the great sword Tamerlain, given to her
by her father, and his father's father before him. Its silver
blade, it is said, could cut through the veils of time itself. All
was silent for a time, as the queen's magnanimity sunk in.

Next came Borach, a redcap chieftain, and Thulio, a
troll warrior. Both were defeated enemies of Asterlan's,
bested in fair battle and spared by his great grace.

"We have no gift to compare with great Tamerlain,"
said Borach. "But, as you did defeat us in fair combat and did
spare us, we do offer you our service and our lives. Where'st
you go, we will be there to serve you, till the ends of the world
and beyond," finished Thulio. Both men bowed low, with
sincere humility, and Duke Asterlan allowed that this was as
great a gift as any that had been given that day. Last came the
sluagh soothsayer, named Surreal.

Now Surreal had no love for the duke, though the
duke knew it not. The ugly sluagh was sick for the wanting
of acertain highborn maiden, but as long as Asterlan lived,
Surreal knew she would never be his. "I bring you the
greatest of gifts," he said with an obsequious bow, and so
schooled in the arts of deception was he that not even the
wisdom of the duke could pierce the fog that shrouded his


heart. "I have long viewed into the Mirror of Souls, a
treasure of my kind. I have divined a thousand entrails and
drunk deeply from the Pool of Memory. One thing can I,
with certainty, vouchsafe. I see a noble sidhe on a horse of
white, held aloft by a band of brave men arrayed in armor
of gold. I see before him a great silver portal, the Silver
Gate of Arcadia!" The sluagh spoke in no more than a
whisper, as was the custom of his kind, but to each of those
assembled there it was a thunderclap.

"You, brave lord, more than all those of the Shining
Host, are marked by the kindly forces of Dan. A long and
perilous road lies before you, if your brave heart compels you
to walk it. Many a stout companion you may lose on the way,
but in time youare the one fated to bring the Dreaming back
to the realms of man, that it may be Spring again."

Now it is not known what Surreal's proficiency as a
diviner was, for he is long dead, but of one thing there can be
no doubt: Surreal was a skillful and inveterate liar. He baited
his hook most craftily with a bait that no sidhe with a heart
as noble as Asterlan's could refuse. He mixed equal portions
of danger and reward, of flattery and duty in his honeyed lies,
and Asterlan, wise Asterlan, saw no deception in him.

With all the celebrations ended, Asterlan called for 30
of his most loyal knights. There was Celtchair of House
Gwydion, as brave and as strong as a lion. There was the
handsome and always-laughing Idath of House Fiona, fast as

ahare and as steadfast as the Scarlet Oak. From the strange
and mendicant House of Scathach was the warrior maiden,
Winter: silent as death and slightly blood-mad. Many other
noble warriors of the sidhe were there, and Borach and
Thulio too, who had thrown in their fates with Asterlan.

"None will speak ill of one who refuses this call to
duty, for the road ahead is long and dark," the duke told
them, but as one they rose and held their gleaming swords
aloft. "Lead us into the very depths of the Great Darkness
itself and we will follow!" the knights cheered with one
voice. Asterlan took with him Tamerlain and Doria, and
acoat of silver-blue mail. Then he mounted his great white
charger, Chiron. The freehold's trod opened, a blazing
portal of scarlet flame, andas one the knights rode through.

At first they road through friendly lands, peopled by
those subjects of the duke who chose to live in the Near
Dreaming. The Silver Path was broad and true, and the
men sang songs of knightly valor. Then came the Wylde
Lands, where virtuous encounters grew less and less. Wicked
chimerical beasts and Unseelie brigands peered with men-
ace from fen and thicket, though few dared to harass so
determined a company of knights. Those few that did met
with sorrowful ends, for it is well proved that the least of
sidhe knights is a match for any 10 foemen. Still deeper
into the Dreaming they rode and still, for a while, the


Silver Path held true, though thinner than before. At
length they came to the Dark Lands and the Silver Path
faltered, sometimes there, sometimes not. Many a bog and
treacherous dale they traversed. The sky was always a whirl
of dark and sickly hues, like those found on the pallet of a
mad nocker painter. Still there was good and knightly
company, and those of House Scathach are renowned
hunters, so there was no want of food.

The Dark Lands went on and on, seemingly forever.
The air grew thick and full of stale and pestilential night
vapors. There were great and angry flies the size of falcons,
which harried the party day and night. (Though in truth
there was little difference between the two in those foul
lands.) A constant rain of a black, sickly water fell upon
them, soiling their clothes and blistering their skin. Worse
too, the clouds hung heavily with the weight of Banality and
only the duke's mightiest Arts were of any use. In those lands
walked strange creatures from beyond the Dreaming. Some
were gibbering things, or flying things; others looked like
men from afar, but their darkling eyes betrayed them. Here
the first of Asterlan's complement fell in battle. Two broth-
ers, young knights of House Dougal, rode into the thick of
the dark men and slew many, but the dark men had fearsome
weapons of unbridled Banality. The two were dragged into
the baleful sky, despite the cries and curses of their comrades.

At last they departed those cursed lands and for a time
their road was clearer. They met an occasional wanderer,
here and there; though strange, most were not unfriendly.
Asterlan questioned them about the path to Arcadia, but
none of them possessed that secret. Then, ina place called
Trillium Veil, they met a skinchanger. (Who are more
properly called Garou.) This one was a wise graybeard of
atribe called the Fianna, who are oath-friends to our kind.
Asterlan charged the venerable Garou to tell them all he
knew of the path to Arcadia. The noble creature allowed
that he had heard stories of a place called Arcadia's Gate,
aportal of silver and gold that must certainly lead to where
they sought. Over the Splintered Mountains and then
through the Forest of Lies was the path he conjured. The
duke invited the wise Garou to join them on their quest
and act as guide, but the creature declined. His own quest
did he undertake, to find the endings to seven songs,
which he swore would give him power over his enemies. So
the duke did thank him, bestowing upon him a song of his
own composing (for such is the way of showing proper
appreciation to the Fianna). They parted company with
many good words. Then, with purpose renewed and faith
restored, the company did continue its quest.

The Splintered Mountains were properly named, for
their once-great peaks were laid low, as if by the wrath of
the gods. The lands were craggy and fractured, with spires

Nobles: The Shining Host


of jagged rock that tumbled down on unwary travelers,
dislodged by the force of the merest whisper. There were
only the narrowest of walking spaces along the faces of
many of the mountains. Many a false path was abandoned
and retraced so that the knights could retain their trusted
steeds. All the while, even the sharpest-eyed among them
did not sense that baleful eyes were upon them, casting the
darkness of their glance upon their every step. The air was
filled with only the most evil-tempered of wind sprites,
who delighted in starting landslides in an attempt to trap
or crush the band. Still Asterlan's sense of direction was
true and the troll Thulio walked far ahead of the party, for
mountain craft is the domain of all of his noble kith.

Then, late one night, danger came upon them.
Mountain giants, as tall as oak trees, emerged from the
tock faces above them, and then of a sudden unleashed a
hail of great boulders upon the band. Three knights fell in
the first onslaught, and then five more, including dashing
Idath, as they battled their way from that valley. The bow
of Winter sang its deadly song, while Celtchair and Thulio
returned boulder for boulder with the surprised giants.
Borach's black ax cleaved at giant legs and to his compan-
ions' delight his cap grew redder than that of any redcap's

n Kithain memory. In final great battle, beneath the
mountain's roots, Asterlan swung mighty Tamerlain and
a bolt of lightning took the head of the giant king. Even
now the giants of those mountains whisper the name of
Asterlan with fear and call him "mountain slayer."

Still the perils of the Splintered Mountains were as
nothing to the lurking fear that awaited them in the Forest
of Lies, which borders between the Far and Deep Dream-
ing. At the entrance to the forest they met a solitary
traveler who warned against their intended path. When
they insisted that their resolve to battle the forest was firm
he shuddered with fear, but resolved to arm them with
what advice he could give. There was a bare fragment of
the Silver Path that ran the length of the forest and its
entrance was nearby, he told them. They thanked him for
his advice and soon found the pathway that he spoke of. It
was a slender and twisted parody of the Silver Path that
most Kithain know, in places no wider than a hair's width,
but it was a path nonetheless. Although it was daylight
when they entered the woods, within the forest it was
perpetual night. Shadows were chaotic and restless here,

some dancing menacingly, maddeningly just beyond the
range of perception. Other shadows leaped out to attack
the knights with whispered screams and phantom clutches,
yet when the knights beat back with their blades and
magics the shadows dissolved, as insubstantial as the
night. The trees were chimerical monsters with dark and
rotten hearts. Their twisted branches seemed at times to

erta 13


be skeleton fingers, trying to strangle the moon (always
crescent and directly overhead), which was the knights'
only constant source of light.

Glamour was plentiful here, as the trees had dreams of
their own. At first the knights rejoiced in this, but the
Glamour was tainted with darkling energies. The casting of
cantrips was unpredictable and sometimes their draocht
rebounded horribly on them. The troupe rode for what
seemed like weeks, but in that perpetual midnight the
marking of time became impossible. There was no food to be
found anywhere. Even the meanest and most lonely of
berries spurned their advances with vile flavorand poisonous
humors. The duke's squire ate one and had to be carried for
many days. Nor was their luck any better at hunting. No
matter how carefully Winter aimed her bow, the target was
never where it seemed. Many an arrow she lost before
admitting defeat. Slowly their provisions dwindled and
before long they would have seemed, to a stranger's eyes, to
be a troupe of walking skeletons, with skin stretched tightly
over their bones and sunken eyes. When one of the horses
died it was a cause for some small celebration. Its demise
meant food for a few short days. Six more horses died in this
fashion and still they were no closer to the forest's end.

Aside from shadow and tree, or the occasional bat,
they saw no living thing. Still the unseen denizens of the
forest taunted them with visions. Sometimes the smell of
roasting venison and the sounds of merry laughter would
burst in on them suddenly, tempting them from the Silver
Path. Then Asterlan saw a maiden, beckoning to them
from among the trees. Fair she was, with hair of gold and
robes of white. She appeared many times, becoming a
constant and silent companion to the troupe, but never
did they stray from the path in the wanting of her. Then
at last they came to a place where the forest parted
suddenly. At first they rejoiced, but then their spirits fell.
Spread before them the crescent moon lit upon a chasm,
many leagues across, with lower depths reaching down to
where none dared guess. But the true horror was in what
spread across it. Stretching from side to side were great
spiderwebs, the greatest of which traversed the entire
chasm with strands as thick as a strong man's wrist.

The party's spirits fell to their lowest ebb, for here was
an obstacle they feared to overcome and even Duke
Asterlan felt a touch of dread. He planned for a while how
they might go around the wicked place, but as they turned
to leave a plaintive cry rent the air. At the web's far edge,
bound with ropy strands, was the lady of the forest and
nearly upon her was a host of the most fearsome creatures
the duke had ever seen. Spiders the size of mundane
elephants tripped delicately along the silken ropes, to-
wards the defenseless lady. Now Asterlan was no fool and
he was mindful of the forest's propensity for deception, so

14 Nobles: The Shining Host

he was wary of a trap. But his noble heart could not turn
away from a woman in such dire straits. With not the
slightest hesitation he leapt from the cliffside and onto the
nearest strand. Scholar that he was in the ways of nature,
he knew that not all of the strands on a spiderweb are
sticky. After watching the spiders' movements he quickly
divined his course. His men waited for him at the cliffs
edge, in accordance with his shouted command.

With the speed of a cat he closed the span between
himself and the damsel in distress. Strand to strand he leapt,
avoiding the clever pitfalls that awaited him. When once he
guessed wrongly, Tamerlain flashed with silver fire and the
strand fell away. He reached the fair maiden just ahead of her
attackers and with a sword stroke freed her from her bonds.
Her gratitude for his valor was a wide and evil grin. A single
glyph she hissed, in wintry tones impossible for a human
throat to form. The very air shimmered about her, as her fair
form transformed into the most loathsome of spiders. Five
times the size of her minions she was and every inch of her
swarmed with her horrid progeny. Spiders from the size of a
thumbnail, to those the size of large dogs crawled over her.
Black and boiling venom fell from her maw and madness
blazed in her hundred eyes. Asterlan choked with the horrid
odor that permeated the air. For the first time in his long life
he was forced to flee, for he knew he could not overcome
such a monster through force of arms. The spider brood
laughed at what they thought was his cowardice, for he ran
as swiftly as he could.

Asterlan's comrades cried out in anguish when they
saw the spiders cut off his retreat. But crafty Asterlan was
not retreating. Large the spiders were, and in their place of
power, but they could not match Asterlan for speed or
guile. Asterlan leapt nimbly from strand to strand. As he
did this he sanga song penned by a mortal kinain of the fae
for just such an occasion. Soon the mocking call of "old
Tom-Noddy" and "lazy cob" and "attercop" carried me-
lodically on the wind as he lured the enraged beasts toward
the center of the web.

"Catch the naughty fly! Drink his blood and eat his
cursed eyes. Leave his empty husk in the sun lands, ‘til
nothing is left but brittle bones!" the spiders shrieked in
fury. Again Asterlan's companions groaned as a full four
score of the loathsome beasts converged on the web's
center, obscuring the duke from sight. Then suddenly
Asterlan was free and on the web's other side. "Great is
Asterlan in the Arts of Wayfaring!" chorused his joyous
companions. The spiders knew not what had happened,
for they still fought and bit at each other to kill the duke,
oblivious to his escape. Asterlan danced around them
now, cutting each strand as he passed, while his knights
hewed at the web from their side of the chasm.


When at last the spiders realized their mistake, it was
far too late. They were tangled up with each other in a ball
of their own webbing, and a finer knarl had never been
woven. The writhing mass of shrieking monsters held
aloft over the bottomless pit by a mere strand of web on
either side. Asterlan, who had made his way back to his
companions, took a blazing torch from them and hurled it
at the foul creatures. The mass of them screeched and
flailed and spat vile cur burned. Desperately
they tried to untangle themselves from the burning pyre
and never was such a hideous tumult heard. But, in the
end, not one of them escaped, and a dark and hideou
was removed from the forest forever.

as the

As the knights rested from the great ordeal, Asterlan
thought long and hard. At last he spoke to his men. "Ihave
pondered much the riddle of the Forest of Lies and there
is but one answer. The greatest lie is the one told to us
before we entered, the one that the Silver Path exists here.
To leave this forest, we must leave the path."

The knights were doubtful of this, but trusted in their
duke. At first they noticed little difference, but then the
moon sank in the sky to be replaced by the sun. It was a
poor sun to be sure and the forest was still sinister, even at
high noon, but at least they could mark the passing of the

them only Borach remained fed, for redcaps can eat
anything. (And it is well he could feed off rocks and L
because a hungry redcap is not the most congenial of
traveling companions.) All the horses died, save Chiro
and he was a skeleton of his former self. And still the forest
went on and on. Then one day, while they rested, Winter
smelled food. Although they had smelled many phantom
feasts since entering the forest, they had smelled none
after leaving the path. They followed the scent, their
tomachs rumbling all the whil t the
clearing made them dumb with amazement.

aw in the

Before them was a palace, as lofty and as grand as fair
Lenoria. But instead of brick or stone or gleaming mirror,
it was made entirely of food. Pastries, roast mutton and
cheese were its foundations. Towering piles of fresh fruit
and candies were its pinnacles. And the smell, the glorious
smell, spoke directly to each man's soul. Forgetting them-

selves, even the most cautious of them flew to the pal:
walls. Celtchair grabbed a shingle and Thulio a pavir
stone. Even Asterlan quite forgot himself and reached to
grab a windowsill made of finest white bread. Then sud-
denly the food became rotten and pestilent in their hands
and mouths. A foul reek filled their noses and each man

Astertan


fell back in disgust and dismay. Without warning they
were surrounded by an army of soldiers who wore armor of
black. Each of the soldiers was very like the sidhe in
appearance, with faces beautiful and grim. And each one
carried an Unseelie black blade, limned with a fire of
green. Asterlan knew they never could battle such an army
in their present condition, so he held aloft his ring of office
and turned to the knight whose demeanor marked him as
their leader.

"And who are you, who without invite descend upon
our palace and eat our home?" queried their leader.

"lam Asterlan, a lord in my own lands. We are hungry
knights upon a quest and truly we meant you no harm."

"You are very more like wolves than knights, to
behave as you did." Asterlan hung his head, for he knew
that they were right, and that even a starving man must
not steal his bread. "We will take you to our queen,"
concluded the dark knight.

Now Princess Marianna was a woman both puissant
and passionate, as are most of the Unseelie nobility. When
she first saw Asterlan, even in his decrepit state, her heart
grew soft, for she knew that she desired him. She then spoke
words of welcome, making light of their transgressions, and
with a wave of her hand the palace regained its original form
and the hall was filled with light and music. They were fed
and bathed, and robed in the finest of voile. And when they
were made comfortable she asked them of their quest.
Asterlan told her and she laughed in merriment. "Then your
quest is ended, for ‘twixt this land and the next (which is
ruled by a king, Seelie as lam Unseelie), there isa silver gate
which leads to fair Arcadia itself." Upon hearing this the
knights rejoiced and made merry, though Asterlan's heart
misgave him. They did stay in the Unseelie palace for a
fortnight and each evening there was an entertainment
more lavish than the night before. Many of Asterlan's
knights made friends and lovers among the Unseelie kind,
and Asterlan's heart did misgive him more.

Then finally one day, upon Asterlan's insistence, the
queen consented to escort them to the gateway. Ona fine
autumn day they took to the main road that split the two
kingdoms. They saw how on one side of the road the trees
were ordered and in full bloom, and the houses were
friendly and filled with airy light. On the dark side of the
road the forest was twisted and foreboding and even the
humblest of dwellings had a dark grandeur. They came
upon a thriving city by a sea. The city was built on seven
hills, with spires that reached the sky, and it too was
divided between lightand dark. A grand procession formed
about them as they ascended the steep road toward the
city's center. At last they came upon a great and ancient
wall of white marble, frosted with veins of black. The wall

16 Nobles: The Shining Host

was invisible from a distance, yet upon close inspection it
reached into the heavens. On it were the vines of a
thousand year's growth and white doves perched and
cooed in their branches. Centered in that wall was a great
door, as tall as a hundred men, made of purest white gold.
Carved on the door was a great tree and on each branch
stood a faerie lord of antiquity.

The great procession stood behind Asterlan in silence,
for they too were exiles from Arcadia and word had spread
quickly about the Seelie duke from the mortal lands who
would open the great door. He approached the door, mounted
on proud Chiron, and his men hewed boards out of trees and
lifted both the duke and his mount aloft, in accordance with
the prophecy. The sea was silent beneath the city and the
doves stopped their cooing. Even the wind died as though it
had never had a voice. His hand reached for the great silver
knocker. And his hand seemed to pass through a thousand
seasons as he pulled its great weight back. Then he stopped
and gently lowered the knocker to its resting place; not a
sound did it make. And he walked away from the door.

The fae of the city drifted away in silence, for they had
a hundred such legends about one who would one day
open the gates. They had tasted disappointment before.
All the way back to Marianna's palace they rode in silence
and a pall was upon them.

That night there was a winter storm that blustered in
from the sea and the sky was filled with spirits of lightning
and rain. Marianna came to Asterlan in his chamber and
asked him why he had not knocked on the door. "It is not
the true Arcadia beyond the great door, but merely one of
its shadows. You are deceived and your long guardianship
of this portal has been for naught," he said. His words were
spoken kindly, for he feared the revelation might do her
harm. Marianna lowered her eyes and spoke. -

"Perhaps it is not the true Arcadia, I have entertained
this thought often enough. Yet, come with me back to the
gate and knock on the door. We will live there in that
shadow together — for surely even a pale imitation of
Arcadia is greater than all other worlds." But Asterlan
swore he would have none of that; he would not live ina
lie.

"Then stay with me here in the forest and rule by my
side, and you may make of my lands what you will," she
said. Asterlan rebuffed her overtures as gently as he could,
for she had shown him great courtesy, but Marianna flew
into a rage.

"You would refuse a queen in her own palace? Such an
insult will not be borne!" And saying this, she turned into a
great black serpent and wrapped him in her coils, that he
should not escape. But Asterlan was too strong for her and
forced open her viselike grip. Then she turned into a


ravening wolf with eyes of green flame, for if she could not
have him she wished him dead. Asterlan was her master in
the arts of war, however, and evaded her rending fangs.
Finally she turned into a great eagle, with feathers as dark as
night. She flew for the window, for she knew she was not his
match and feared his retribution. Asterlan seized his mighty
bowand let fly an arrow, piercing her wing. Witha shriek she
fluttered to the ground, regaining her original form.

Tamerlain was at her throat now and Asterlan, grim
faced, behind it. Marianna knew that she was beaten, but
like the queen she was, she would not beg for mercy.
Asterlan saw her green eyes stare back into his, proud and
defiant, even in defeat. He sheathed his sword then, and
helping her to her bed, gently removed his arrow from her
arm. "We will speak no more of this," he said.

The next morning his procession left the castle, but
smaller than when it had arrived. Many of his knights wished
to stay among the people of the gate, for though it was not
Arcadia, or even its shadow, it was still more like it than any
land they knew. Asterlan left each man with a gift, so they
might know that he was not angered by this, for the road
behind them had been difficult and the road ahead would be
harder still. Only Celtchair, Winter, Borach and Thulio
rode forth with him now, and their spirits were not high. At
the front gate Marianna awaited them. Taking Asterlan
aside, she spoke with him a little space.

"Your quest was undertaken on the word of a sooth-
sayer. While I know not what his powers or intentions
might be, this one thing I will foretell: I too am skilled in
the arts of divination and see before you only the darkest
of Dans; unless you turn from your present path." Then she
entreated him to stay once more, and this time not for her
sake, but his own. Asterlan would not be swayed, though.
While he too now suspected Surreal of falsehood, the
quest had taken on a life of its own and he could not bear
to kill it. Then she gave him a scarf of gossamer twilight
and watched him as he rode into the fog that had rolled in
from the ocean. It was thus, on a gray and rainy morn, that
Asterlan left the eyes of the Kithain, perhaps forever.

From there they rode farther and farther into the
border realms of the Dreaming. And many more tales
might be told of him, but none know what they are. Some
say that he eventually found Arcadia and may yet return
to bring a new Spring to all the lands. Others say that he
became weighted down with dread Banality in some far-off
land, and lived and died as a mortal man. Yet there are
many stories of late in these, the mortal lands, that a
ghostly covey of gray Kithain, with dark eyes and swords of
flashing red have been seen. And there is a screaming, gray
wind about them that cuts through the most Banality-
sodden of hearts. And their demeanor is fearsome, but
their deeds are those of heroes.

Astertan



— As told by Professor Edgewick to the heir apparent
to the throne, the Princess Lenore.

Come down from that great silver elm. Come down,
I say! Though you are the daughter of a king, you must do
as I say. You must listen to me, for lam your tutor. It is time
for your history lesson, though all the wonders of Tara-Nar
call to you. You must listen, fora true leader must learn the
lessons of the past, if she is to summon the future. Come
down, I say, or I will whip your legs with this white willow
wand!

Hrumph. That is better. Truly your father would be
most displeased to see you so ill use his old tutor and friend.
Still, Iwas young once, though I remember my faerie youth
only dimly. A golden time in one's life, or so it is said. For
achildling such as yourself, long and dreary lessons with a
graybeard must seem as torturous and ill considered as
etiquette lessons to a redcap.

Well, then: walk with me a little while, for the day is
warm, with most agreeable Beltaine breezes. We will stroll
this sylvan trail together and I will tell you presently of
matters great and small. The entire history of our kind you
shall learn in brief, brought to life by the so-called "com-
monart" of Chicanery. Walk with me justa little space and
I shall strive not to preach, or belabor, or bore.

At the beginning of all things shall we begin, a time
before time, a time we shall call...

The TimeofLegends

[hear you laugh. That there was a time before this old
graybeard's memory: "impossible," you say. But there was
such a time. A time of heroic legend, when the first of our
noble kind walked among humanity.

In the beginning the world stood preformed. Every tree
and rock and stream existed eternally, yet there was a silence
upon the land. Neither birdsong nor breeze broke the
silence. The world was without movement or life; frozen as
though captured on a painter's canvas. Then a great light
burst upon the world and from that light strode the first of our
kind, the Tuatha de Danaan. Were they gods? You could be
excused for thinking so. Certainly they were beings of power,
and throughout the world they spread their noble light. From
them humanity learned to dream. At first it was glorious, for
the Tuatha de Danaan gave the power of dreams as a gift to
humanity. Humanity, in turn, gave the Tuatha de Danaan
that which they needed to create the Time of Legends.

The world and the Dreaming were one and all things
were possible. Creatures found now in only the Deepest
Dreaming (ifat all) had everyday concourse with humanity.
Harpies, griffins, dragons and all other manner of creatures
now deemed impossible roamed the world and were part of
its natural order. Yet don't look for them in the so-called
"fossil records" of the scientist, for where there were dragons,
they see only natural "evolution." The word comes hard to

Chapter One: The History of the Casal Sidhe 19


my lips; still, there are places for divergent paths and dissimi-
lar histories of the world. It is only the machinations of the
Hidden Ones that makes one version preeminent over
another. But to continue...

In time this Golden Age gave way to Silver, for even
"faerie tales" have their prime and their old age. From the
Tuatha de Danaan came all other kith. There were the
giants, tall as mountains and like the thunder in their rage.
There were the pooka, wild and prankish in their ways.
There were the sluagh, who lived in caves and other secret
places, and there were many more besides. Even in those
days, before the coming of kings and queens, the peoples of
the fae looked to the wise sidhe for leadership and counsel.

Seasons beyond counting passed and the Age of Silver
gave way to one of Bronze. It may be mere coincidence that
this was the age that man too called the Bronze Age, for that
is when they first learned tosmelt that metal. (A gift, no doubt,
given to them by a wayfaring nocker.) Other creatures ap-
peared, distortions and perversions of the fae. There were the
vampires, children of the blood-mad faerie Lilith. Sundered
too, from the fae were the skinchangers called Garou, who are
related in kind to the Kithain pooka. The first cool breezes of
Autumn blew, and change and death were in the wind.

Many of the Tuatha de Danaan became bitter and cruel.
They fell to warring with each other. Other forces became
involved, though who they were, our histories do not say.

Perhaps the Prodigals, perhaps...but that would be specula-
tion and is not part of our lesson for today. War tore asunder
all that the Tuatha de Danaan had built. The Tuatha de
Danaan departed this sphere, or perhaps they were all slain by
their own greed. All that is left of them are their children: us,
the fae; and first among them the sidhe. With the departure
of the Tuatha de Danaan, a new age came upon the world.

The Sandering

This age might be called the Iron Age, for again it
coincides with the forging of that metal by man, and iron has
ever been anathema to our kind. (1 pray that you may never
feel its bite as I have, young one.) The Sundering might be
likened to the first cool days of autumn, when the leaves
begin to die. Humanity turned its back on us, and we in turn
did the same to humanity. Although humanity must bear
much of the blame for this, we too are not without the stain
of guilt. (I see your eyes widen, for this is not what you have
been taught before.) Proud sidhe and humble boggan alike
turned from humanity, even as it turned from us. For the two
were too haughty, greedy or foolhardy to live as one. I say this
only because you, young one, may someday summon the
future and should learn all of our histories, pretty or no.

Humanity took to the cities. The reasons for this are
many. Perhaps great canyons of steel and glass are his natural

Nobles: The Shining Host


habitat. Perhaps they did so to protect themselves from the
wylde creatures of field and stream, the fae and the Prodigal
Garou, who had grown hostile to their kind. Perhaps it was
the machinations of the Children of Lilith, who congregate
in those man-made warrens. But I digress... Whatever the
reason for this change, humanity learned the ways of hierar-
chy. Great kings and queens and empires grew among them,
and the fae followed in their footsteps. No matter how much
you may hear the opposite, we followed them. There, it is
said. We fae, we creatures of the Dreaming, are reflections of
humanity, and our fate intertwines with theirs. Do not fear,
little princess, We are not their puppets, but we must be ever
mindful of our place in the scheme of all things.

Ah, but my original point... Humanity created mon-
archies to rule over it and we followed suit. Great lords and
ladies rose among the fae. Chief among them were the
sidhe, who were ever counted leaders among our kind.

Great battles were waged for the crown, and many good
fae of noble and common stripe were destroyed in the name
of king and queen. There were wise and benevolent rulers
and there were tyrants; ever should you be mindful of the
difference between the two. Great freeholds grew amid the
mortal realms and in the Near Dreaming too. Great palaces
of dreamstuff, far outstripping the works of mortal monarchs,
were built; some approached the grandeur of fair Arcadia
itself, or so it is said. Many a great song is sung about those
days and rightly so. For while it was a time of growing

darkness, so too was it a time of great heroism. Such legends
as the Knights of the Red Branch spread throughout the
lands, and their great kind are with us, even to this day.

Also in these days were the greatest clashes ‘twixt
Courts Seelie and Unseelie. Though that enmity has
cooled somewhat, it is still a glowing ember, waiting to
blaze to life again.

And still for some time, though the distance between
Arcadia and the mundane sphere grew ever wider, there
remained intercourse between the two realms. Faerie and
enchanted mortal alike trod the Dreaming paths between the
lands, and this was called the Age of Travel. Many of the great
legends of humanity grew during this time. Cuchulainn and
King Arthur were the results of this blend of human and faerie
stories. Yet, ultimately, the greatest result of this age was the
distancing between the mortals and the fae. Great battles
raged over the dwindling trods and freeholds as more and more
of the uasal sidhe left the lands of men for Arcadia. A great
darkness fell upon the land, and that darkness was called...

The Shattering

Perhaps the "Shattering" is not the best name for this
period, since it evokes imagery of a sudden cataclysm, a
window splintering to pieces in a fraction of an instant.

Indeed, it was a long, drawn-out process, taking place over
many human generations. It was the culmination of the
Sundering, the crowning event in our ruination. Nobody
knows when it began; perhaps when humanity first tilled the
soil or marked the passing of the seasons. It doesn't matter.
One by one the great noble houses returned to Arcadia, most
of them never to return. The five Seelie houses that have
come back were also the last to leave. Some speculate that it
was their actions in the final days of the Shattering that
caused their eventual exile from Arcadia. It was into the
crucible of those times that I was born.

Humanity was in the midst of so many changes. The
wisdom of the ancients was lost in many places and then
reborn again. As "rationality" was rediscovered in the
Westerlands, so too was our departure from the mundane
sphere accelerated. Perhaps it was different in the Easterlands;
even in the best of times our contact with the fae of those
lands was not strong, Certainly here, in the lands now called
Concordia, the Shattering was not as severe. Along with the
nobility, many commoners also departed for Concordia and
few of them have returned. Of all the noble houses, only the
mendicant House of Scathach stayed in any numbers. Their
ways are secret, though, and little is known of their actions
in the centuries that followed.

A Black Death fell upon humanity. Untold masses
died of sickness and starvation. Humanity, in fear and
hatred, sought out those to blame. Demons and devils were
the culprits most commonly named, but often the Kithain
and the other Prodigals paid the price. Even today there
are remnants of the time called "Inquisition" alive; I fear
they may yet return. But do not be frightened, young one.
Your father is strong and his kingdom is safe.

Ah, but the time of the final Shattering. Those were
terrible times in which to live. Hideous times... The stron-
gest works of the Dreaming crumbled like sand castles before
the tide of Banality that swept over the world. Kithain fell
upon Kithain in those end days The few nobles who chose
to stay warred over the remaining freeholds and trods.

The great portal of Silver's Gate was destroyed in a
pointless, foolish battle between two sidhe brothers. The
High King of those times, King Falchion, was cut down in
final battle at the World's End; a great, rushing darkness took
his body. Feudal hedge lords, both sidhe and commoner, rose
up in the wake of his death. These corrupt nobles collected
tolls along the final trods to Arcadia, demanding dross and
barter from the fae desperately seeking escape. Some of them
even administered false trods, which led to the Nightmare
realms. As I said, terrible times. This practice did not last
long, though. After the fall of Silver's Gate, even the secret
trods closed. Soon there was nothing left of the noble houses
of the sidhe on Earth and a new age was upon the remaining
kith, a time called...

Chapter One: The History of the Casal Sidhe 21


The Twilight Time
Interregnam

The final days of the Shattering are my last clear
memories. After that, over 600 years of memory stolen!
Earth, even the most dim images of it, was closed off from
Arcadia, and of my years in Arcadia I remember only hazy
images. These years, which we call the Twilight Time and
the commoners call the Interregnum, are a blank to all the
sidhe. Six centuries — even to an immortal it is almost
inconceivable. So much remains unknown about those
years. So many changes on Earth. A Renaissance, art and
science, the great stories. There was war and discovery, the
rise of new forms of government. Two World Wars? So
much lost. Nor, | fear, is there much | can tell you of the
fae who stayed behind. The burgess are reluctant to share
their secrets, accumulated over those centuries on Earth.
Perhaps they can not be blamed.

Certainly many feel as though they were abandoned
by the nobility. Trapped in a hostile world. Forced to wrap
themselves in skins of mortal flesh and Banality. Each
generation becoming more corrupt and severed from the
Dreaming. Even we, who have forgotten so much of the
Dreaming, know more of its secrets than they ever will.
Still they survived. Can we not do the same?

This was the age of the commoner nobles. Burgess with
no blood line came to power through craft or brute force.
Some of them led as nobly as any sidhe; in truth, though,
most of them were despots. Like ravening wolves, many of
the burgess Kithain (though by no meansall of them) hunted
down remaining sidhe. There is no record of how many
perished in the years immediately following the Shattering.
Some of the remaining nobility retreated to hidden free-
holds, and so survived. But they rarely ventured forth and
some burrowed so deeply into their own private Dreaming
that they do not yet realize that the five houses have
returned. Beware the glens of these Lost Ones, for their
inhabitants are often powerful and mad from their isolation.
Nor is House Scathach of much aid in reconstructing the
years of the Interregnum. Though they aided us when we
returned from Arcadia, distrust remains strong between us.

The common nobility was never more than a loose
collection of feudal states. They called this confederation
the Empire of the Turtle, a name drawn from nunnehi
legends, I believe. (Some insist that it has its origins in Garou
legends.) They rarely made lasting alliances reaching be-
yond a single kith. Still, we can be grateful to them for a
number of reasons. Many of them were worthy caretakers,
tending the remaining freeholds in our absence. They also
had the common sense to reach an accord with our Unseelie

22 Nobles: The Shining Host

brethren. I pray that our current leadership has the wisdom
tocontinue that peace. They kept the remaining races from
completely fragmenting during those times. | have said it at
court many times and it bears repeating: When the land is
crownless it lacks a soul. When the land is soulless it lacks honor.
When aland is without honor, beware the wolf at the door. Many
of the burgess nobles were reluctant to relinquish their power
when the sidhe returned. Ah, but I am getting ahead of
myself. That belongs to our next chapter, a time called...

The Resurgence

There are some soothsayers who say that they can tell
youall about the Resurgence. They claim special knowledge
of the causes behind our exile and special insights into our
"secret purpose" in the mundane sphere. [have but one thing
to tell you about these "wise men." Avoid them. They are
charlatans and scoundrels all. If one comes to your door
begging a bowl of soup in return for the truth of your life in
Arcadia, drive him from your door with sticks and hounds.
Certainly there are honorable practitioners of divination (1
have some small aptitude for it myself), but no Art can pierce
the veil between here and Arcadia. In uncovering the forces
behind the Resurgence we have only two honest allies. The
first is logical deduction. | know that sucha "Banality-laden"
practice is not a subject for polite conversation at high
households, but it is a useful tool nonetheless. Certain things
remain eternal, and one is constancies in the fae character,
be it Seelie or Unseelie. Much can be gleaned by subjecting
fae behaviors to rational scrutiny.

Our second ally is our own memories, hazy though they
may be. My memories of the Shattering are clouded, but
mostly consistent. It was so long ago. My memories of the
final days in Arcadia, however, are fragile and infuriatingly
contrary things. Only images, really. That is all that most of
the Five can claim, though some seem to remember more
than others. Still, if my memories have any truth in them at
all, I can tell you plainly: All is not well in Arcadia. Again,
images. Of them, four that seem the most true.

I remember a great conclave ina palace of jade, with
windows cut from living emerald. Green balefire, un-
bounded by brazier and lantern, blazed wildly throughout
the throng. Far hazier is an image of a red sea which wailed
with tortured voices. Another image: a statue of a great
queen, proud and imperious in bearing, but without a
head. Finally there was a great dragon, scarlet red and
rampant, inverted against a black sun. I do not claim to
know what these images mean, but they fret at me and
occupy both my waking and dreaming hours.

I do not remember much of the journey from Arcadia
through the Dreaming, either. The Mists of Memory stay
with you for some time after you pass through them. Even


my earliest days on Earth are a haze. I remember walking
freely through the Dreaming, yet a fae walking by my side
was in chains. Some of us obviously departed Arcadia
under more duress than others. If I left voluntarily, though,
I cannot imagine why. I am a scholar at heart, yet when I
first became aware of my surroundings on Earth, my hands
were covered with blood and I had many wounds.

I heard the flapping and squeaking and rustling of a
thousand darkling spirits on the ground and in the air around
me. I don't know what they were, but they came into this
world with us, from the Dreaming, I fear. They quickly
dispersed upon our arrival, before we had the wits to contain
them. I fear that our arrival broughta great evil into this world
and much deviltry has resulted from it, especially among the
mortals of this world. This was inadvertent (I hope), yet I
must ask myself: Would we not have had some inkling of this
happening before we left Arcadia? What were we thinking?
What kind of people were we? I beg your pardon, highness,
for dwelling on such morbid thoughts. I fear that my mind has
tended down such dismal corridors since our arrival here.

Our time of arrival on this plane was dangerous and
frightening, but it was also exciting. We arrived individu-
ally, or in small groups of two or three. There was no
pattern to it that I could discern. We sought each other
out. Some of us immediately recognized each other as
friends or lovers from the other side. Others were old
enemies or complete strangers — but friend or foe, we were
all each other had. There were few incidents between us.

I fell in with two others, Lady Sierra and Lord Dyfell. I
cannot begin to describe the joy that leapt in my heart as | first
discovered that I was not alone in the world. First there were
three of us, then 10, then 50, and still more of us drifted in.
There was Sir Marx and Lord Dray and True Thomas the
Rhymer. Now it may have been a testimony to our wisdom or
our luck that we found each other so quickly, but I doubt it.

Instead, I believe we worked in accordance with some grand
design, predetermined in Arcadia. (Predetermined by whom
is another question.) At first we only met with others of our
kind, the errant nobility. In the course of our wanderings we
alsomet with the sidhe of House Scathach, which had thrown
in its lot with Earth during the Shattering. Although they
were suspicious of us (and we of them) they were invaluable
in helping us acclimate to our new surroundings.

Soon after that, we encountered the commoners and the
so-called "commoner nobles," who had risen during our
absence. I must confess (egalitarian though I consider myself
to be) that I was quite shocked the first time I encountered a
pooka in kingly raiment. (Though in truth, it was a poor
parody of such.) We were met with friendship and with
indifference. Many commoners, however, looked upon us
witha jaundiced eye. In their minds we were a pampered class,

untrustworthy and affected in our demeanor. They accused us
of having abandoned them and then returning to reclaim our
mantle of leadership as though nothing had happened. Many
of their barbs have the sting of truth. Even now, it is up to us
to prove ourselves worthy of our old place in Kithain society.

Unfortunately, some of our class did not see things
this way. Their arrogance, combined with the natural
surliness of many of the commoners, quickly led to several
violent incidents. These clashes became increasingly fre-
quent as more and more nobles exercised their ancient
rights. Within a year we were at war.

The Accordance War

There are those who sing glowing ballads about this war.
Tam not one of them. As much as the human war that was
unfolding in Vietnam, it was an unnecessary and despicable
waste of life. Both sides were arrogant and intractable. For
months tensions grew between the commoners and us.
Many commoners gathered beneath our banner, while many
others rallied against us. There was a general antipathy
toward authority in those days, and I believe that our
reception was in some measure colored by this. In any event,
the violence between us increased. Several peace delega-
tions passed between our two camps, but with little success.

Still, war might have been avoided, if not for...
Forgive me. This is difficult — It was a Beltaine Eve, much
like today. A delegation of the most powerful commoner
nobles in the nation gathered for a final peace meeting.
The stated purpose was to fairly divide the newly opened
freeholds. I do not know the details, but when the last of
them was in the great meeting hall, the doors slammed
shut. A band of masked nobles and their retainers fell upon
them with swords of iron. Not one of the commoners
escaped and the Beltaine Night of Iron Knives Massacre
quickly became a rallying cry for commoners everywhere.
It also became a symbol of our treachery. War was upon us.

Much of the war isa matter of historical record and | will
not belabor it. Lord Dyfell of House Gwydion, thereafter
knownas High King, led the war effort. He became the noble
most hated by the commoners. The most foul of atrocities
were laid at his door, including responsibility for the Beltaine
massacre. Even now it suits the needs of many nobles to
continue this obscene fiction. Since Dyfell is dead, his de
facto guilt prevents fingers of blame from pointing elsewhere.
For my part, | will state categorically that he was innocent of
that crime. I knew the man well. He was stubborn, arrogant
and infuriatingly brilliant, but he never would have killed
ambassadors under a flag of truce. In fact he treated all his
prisoners with the utmost respect. No few of them swore
allegiance to him after meeting him.

Chapter One: The History of the Uasal Sidhe


My own suspicions for the Beltaine massacre fall upon
House Eiluned, but admit] have little evidence. I mightalso
add parenthetically that the commoners were not without
stain when itcame to atrocities in the prosecution of the war.
23 noble children were tortured and slaughtered by boggans
in Maryland. I could go on, but suffice it to say we treated our
war prisoners far better than they treated theirs. But back to
the war... House Gwydion spearheaded the war effort, sup-
ported strongly by Houses Dougal and Eiluned. Houses Liam
and Scathach stayed neutral throughout the conflict, while
much of House Fiona is known to have sided with the
commoners! At first the war went badly for us. The com-
moners outnumbered us considerably and they knew this
world. Furthermore, they used mortal weapons, guns and the
like, which afforded them great advantage.

I have read Thomas the Rhymer's dissertation on the
war, Fields of Blood. While I agree with many of his assertions
(he is a close friend), | must voice my disagreement with
several of his conclusions. His conclusion that responsibility
for the Beltaine massacre went no further than the so-called
"Berkeley Three" is naive to say the least. Sir Thomas
somehow manages to implicate Dyfell (indirectly) and three
other conspirators (except for the Unseelie Lord Drummond,
conveniently unnamed) without delving into the activities
of the then-nascent Order of the Beltaine Blade. He also
mentions "sidhe warriors mounted on motorcycles," an im-
age that is (at least at that time) ridiculous. We were new to
the world of man and avoided contact with modern technol-
ogy at all costs. In fact the very act of using a motorcycle at
that time would have involved an unacceptable charge of
Banality. Our skins have toughened somewhat since that
time and even now... Well, | believe I have made my point.

Back to the war. Dyfell was our savior then. Soldiers
from all of the Five (and many commoners too) gathered
beneath his green griffin-escutcheoned banner. He turned
the tables on the commoners, defeating army after army,
most of which were many times his in size. Victory seemed
to feed on victory, and the tide began to turn. The common-
ers were routed in a string of major battles. It seemed as
though Dyfell was blessed, but then came the Battle of
Greenwich. Dyfell broke the back of the famed Eastland
Troll Army, under the command of the troll, General Lyros.
Street-to-street fighting took place throughout the city of
New York. Lord Dyfell's regiment was ambushed in the New
York "subways" by the tattered remnants of the 4th Troll
Commons Battalion. Some say Dyfell died in fair battle, but
the general consensus seems to be that he was killed by
treachery from within his own ranks.

I shudder to think what path the war may have taken
after Dyfell's death. For all his military victories, Dyfell was
a civilizing influence on the war. He conducted his cam-
paigns with honor and often his foes replied in kind. Still,

Nobles: The Shining Host

there were many Kithain on both sides of the conflict who
wished for nothing less than the complete annihilation of
the other side. These angry voices are with us still, but they
were much stronger in those days. I truly believe that they
may have gained control of the war if it were not for the
appearance of your father. The High King was merely a boy
in those days, just one of the many childling refugees from
Arcadia. He was one of True Thomas's charges and I had
met him once or twice before. My impression of him even
then was that he was an extraordinary little boy, though,
of course, I had no inkling of his true Dan.

Immediately following Dyfell's death, the commoners
of Greenwich went on a killing spree. They were, in the
main, redcaps, and even General Lyros could not control
them. Several of them caught wind that there were noble
children in the area and a hunt was decreed. True Thomas
did all he could to protect his young charges, but even he
could not be everywhere at once. Young David was separated
from his friends, pulled by a siren song from beneath the
streets. He was probably not aware of the danger into which
he walked. The catacombs house of a particularly loathsome
band of Unseelie nockers, as well as many dreadful Prodigals.
Still, I am convinced that he would have walked into the
maw of the Doomsday Dragon itself, on that night.

The situation for Thomas's school went from bad to
worse, and several sidhe children were butchered. As Tho-
mas battled a unit of redcaps in final, desperate battle, David
returned. In his hand, David held aloft Dyfell's great blade,
Caliburn. The blade burned with a bright gold, where for
Dyfell it had burned blue. "Turn and face your king," he is
reported to have said. I have little doubt that the redcaps
believed his word when they first looked upon him, for they
turned and fled shrieking into the night.

When word of anew High King spread throughout the
nobility, there were mixed reactions. Some rejoiced that
they would not be leaderless, while others considered David
an upstart, a boy playing the games of men. From New York,
David went to Queen Mab's Kingdom of Apples. After
initial doubts, she threw her weight behind him, as did
Dyfell's consort, Lady Sierra. It was also at this time that I
entered into his service as an advisor. With the combined
might of these two royal women behind him, David was
quickly able to enforce an end to the war. It was not an easy
task, for there was much animosity between the two sides,
but through diplomacy and arms, the war's ending soon
became a foregone conclusion. The war's end brings us to...

The Present

After the Accordance War, things quickly fell into their
current state. In accordance with the conditions of the peace,
King David named his lands the Kingdom of Concordia. The


peace that David forged was a just one,
enters. The commo

ough there are
ts were given a much-deserved
voice in the governance of the kingdom and many com-
moner nobles have risen through the ranks through merit or
lottery. King David is much loved by the commoners, as
sister, the Lady Morwen. Yet there are radical commoner
bands, such as the Ranters, which even now seek our destruc-
tion. The Ranters, led by that violent brute, Ravachol, hz
shed much innocent sidhe blood since the end of the war.

The Five have consolidated their position and main-
tain control over the bulk of the freeholds and trods they
took during the war. House Gwydion emerged as the
leading house, though it controls no more land than any
of the other houses. Seven great kingdoms have formed,
each ruled by one of the Five. There are many other,
smaller kingdoms (duchies, really) as well.

These kingdoms are fluid in their composition and
borders. Intrigue among the Five is rife. Many pretenders and
would-be kings constantly test the rulership of Concordia,
dothe machinations of the motleys and the Prodigals. House
Scathach has all but disappear
no land. (Its members' true nature is still unknown.)

ince the war and controls
Noble society has divided into three "impulses" since i

return to Earth. There are the Traditionalists, who wish that

all would return to the times before the Sundering, when the

sidhe enjoyed unquestioned rulership of the fae. There are
the Reformers (of which I consider myself one), those who
support the traditional institution of the monarchy but
desire it to be a more egalitarian instrument. Lastly there are
the so-called "Modernists." These fae believe strongly that
the nobility must give up its power, becoming part of the
modern world. Some who follow this impul
enough, e

re honorable
n visionary; others are the worst sorts of rabble.
Although the nobility has come back into its own, times
i y for us. This world is strange and

have not fared well here. Former

falling prey to roving bands of commoner brigands, the

gals, or Banality. Despite the games of intrigue played
by the Five, things have been mostly calm since the rise of
King David, but change blows on the wind. Since the
disappearance of Duke Asterlan, there have been many
bility, and few have been for the better.
Strange signs and portents have appeared of late, perhaps
heralding a final change of season, the begir i

changes among the

Ah, but the day has become decidedly cold and dark.
Perhaps it is time to return to the great hall, where there is
light and friendship and warmth. Your father will be ther
and perhaps he will tell you tales of the future, of the Spring
that must inevitably follow the coming storms of Winter.

Chapter One: The History of the asal Sidhe 25



To the former nobility of Arcadia, power for power's
sake is rare. Even the worst fae tyrant has a guiding vision.
To the fae nobility (especially the sidhe), monarchy is the
only right and natural state for the Kithain. Perhaps
democracy, communism or fascism may work for the
masses of humanity who, after all, have so many other
strange ways, but not for the fae. With the exception of the
Modernists, the sidhe consider any form except monarchy
(with them on top) to be a dangerous aberration.

Noble status among the Kithain carries with it many
privileges. This is even true today, though many Kithain
no longer acknowledge nobles as their leaders. Since
returning from Arcadia the nobility has brought with it
the old code of laws, many of which are long forgotten or
ignored by commoners. Many commoners consider these
old laws hopelessly archaic, even foolish. In many places,
however, these laws are enforced vigorously. The nobility
has control over such a disproportionate number of trods
and freeholds that noble strictures are almost impossible to
ignore completely. Even the most radical motleys often
find themselves paying lip service to the nobility, though

they snicker about it later.

While many commoners grumble incessantly about

the arrogance of the sidhe nobility, few are prepared to do

anything about it. There are two reasons for this. The first
is that the various kith are too divided against each other.
While members of every kith dislike the sidhe, such
malcontents are badly organized and often turn on each
other before they can work against the sidhe. Many
Kithain don't even associate with changelings other than
their own kith and are just as distrustful of their fellows as
they are of the nobility. The sidhe have taken full advan-
tage of this situation and many sidhe nobles are adept at
games of divide and conquer. Many changelings welcome
the return of the sidhe, because incidents of internecine
warfare between various kith have dropped precipitously
since their return. Few rational changelings want to oust
the local sidhe noble when a redcap band lurks nearby.

The second reason is that, despite their preening and
posturing, the returned nobles have not enforced many
really onerous laws upon the Kithain. Most changelings
continue with their normal lives, largely unaffected by the
change of leadership. To many commoners, the new sidhe
hierarchy is no worse (and often better) than the com-
moner nobles who ruled before them. Besides, they just
look more natural doing it. Few changelings can resist the
juicy gossip of the doings of the high sidhe.


The Escheat

First among the laws of the Kithain is the Escheat.
These laws have been the code of the fae for time out of
mind. The commoners mostly followed the Escheat, even
while the nobles were gone. Most changelings learn the
Escheat when they are childlings and follow much of it out
of habit (though some provisions are obeyed more slav-
ishly than others). The fact that the sidhe have returned
means little in connection to the Escheat, except that
there is now a central authority to administer it. Contrary
to the grumblings of many dissenters, the sidhe apply the
terms of the Escheat to themselves, even more strictly
than to the commoners. Even Unseelie nobles tend to
follow it, though they often interpret it differently. Nobles
who break the Escheat, for any but the best reasons, are
ostracized by their fellows. The sidhe may be imperious
and arrogant, but unlike many human leaders, they don't
usually consider themselves above their own laws. The
nobility has a slightly different view of the Escheat than
most commoners and enforces its six terms accordingly.

The Right of Demesne — A lord is the king of his
domain. He is the judge and jury over all crimes, large and
small. His word is law. A noble is to be obeyed by his vassals
and respected by all others. A noble is to respect his lords.

Reality: Obviously this right is important to the
nobility, since it underpins the monarchical system by
which they rule. The sidhe feel they have already done all
that can reasonably be expected to "democratize" the
institution and are surprised the commoners want more. It
is difficult to run an absolutist monarchy when your
subjects have access to C-Span. The nobility still strongly
believes in the divine right of kings, but the subjects
usually don't. Thus the nobility rules through a combina-
tion of force, guile, charisma and adherence to tradition.

The Right to Dream — Mortals have aright to dream
unhindered by our needs. The Dreaming will die if we steal
directly from the font. None are allowed to use Glamour
to manipulate the creative process. Although you may
inspire creativity in the mortal mind, it is forbidden to give
direct instruction.

Reality: The sidhe come from a more civilized time,
when Glamour was plentiful and Ravaging unnecessary.
Despite the new realities of today, the Seelie nobility
strongly enforces this provision of the Escheat. Unseelie
lords, of course, do not have nearly the same moral
compunctions about Ravaging. Exceptions are made to
this rule, but only in the case of extreme emergencies.
Included in this right is a prohibition against Dream-Rape
(see Chapter 5).


The Right of Ignorance — Do not betray the Dream-
ing to Banality. Never reveal yourself to humanity. Not
only will humankind hunt us for our wisdom, it will bring
Banality upon us and destroy our places of power. The
more humanity knows, the more it will seek us and the
more Glamour it will destroy with its Hydra's gaze.

Reality: The nobility rarely needs to enforce this law,
since the commoners follow it strictly out of habit. This
law is a matter of survival. The only sticking point is the
role of the kinain (human relatives with faerie blood). To
survive over the centuries the commoners introduced
themselves into human bloodlines. These bloodlines of-
ten include relatives who learn something about the fae.
Since, however, it is central to the survival of the com-
moner kith, this part of the Escheat is not strictly enforced
in this instance. Many nobles still privately consider
human kinfolk to be a technical violation of this rule.
Many also consider the mixing of fae and human blood to
be degrading to the fae. Some of the more reactionary
nobility (e.g. some Traditionalists and the Order of the
Beltaine Blade) have even proposed killing any mortals
who have learned too much.

The Right of Rescue — All Kithain have the right
to expect rescue from the foul grip of Banality. We are
together in danger. We must strive together to survive.
Never leave anyone behind. Kithain are required to rescue
other Kithain who have been trapped by Banality.

Reality: Both commoners and nobles respect this
law, though for slightly different reasons. Despite their
differences, the commoner kith have developed an "all-
for-one" attitude when it comes to rescuing fellow
changelings from Banality (and other dangers). The re-
cently returned nobility share these instincts to a degree,
but they also have more selfish motives. The sidhe are
vastly outnumbered and are desperate to fill their ranks.
(They are also more vulnerable to Banality.) This law,
then, especially applies to very recent arrivals from Arcadia.
These changelings are not yet acclimated to earth. They
are often undergoing the Chrysalis and are thus very
vulnerable and confused.

Noble law (and most commoner tradition) dictates
that a new arrival must be brought to the nearest sidhe
house for fosterage and the Fior-Righ. The nobility often
sweetens this deal by offering rewards to any commoners
who safely bring in such a fledgling in a timely manner.
Some radical antimonarchists (e.g. the Ranters) consider
newly arrived nobles an easy mark. They may take them
hostage for ransom (often some political demand) or even
kill them outright.

The Right of Safe Haven — All places of the

Dreaming are sacred. Kithain cannotallow faerie places to

Chapter Two: Rank and Priviledge 29


be endangered. All those who seek refuge in such places
must be admitted. Freeholds must not only be kept free of
Banality, but free from worldly violence.

Reality: The sidhe are evenly divided on how they
follow this right. While all of them pay lip service to it,
many are leery of letting in strange Kithain. Those who
deny free access do so because they fear that too many
changelings in a freehold may deplete its Glamour re-
serves. There is also a "security" issue involved. Certain
nobles, on the other hand, follow this right to the letter
and allow entry to any changeling in need. Nobles who
allow this free entry, however, insist that their guests obey
the laws of comity. All household rules are strictly en-
forced. Since the nobility controls such a large number of
freeholds, noble adherence to this law is of great import to
Kithain society as a whole.

The Right of Life — No Kithain shall spill the life
blood of another Kithain. No Kithain shall bring salt tears
unto the Earth. No Kithain shall take from the Dreaming
one of its own. Death is anathema.

Reality: This law is both strictly obeyed and vigor-
ously enforced by the nobility. Penalties for breaking this
law are severe, but in keeping with the right's intentions,
rarely include capital punishment. The subtle minds of the
nobility usually inflict far more imaginative punishments
on criminal changelings. It is especially important to note
that the penalty for killing a sidhe is far greater than for
killing any other kith. The reasons for this are not com-
pletely selfish or arbitrary. According to tradition, a
changeling of any other race is reincarnated as another
changeling and has a chance to start again, What happens
to the sidhe is unknown. (Some say they become com-
moners in their next life. The horror!) Of course, many
commoners are suspicious of this flimsy justification.

Kithain Jastice

As an abstract concept most changelings, even the

Unseelie, place a high value on justice. They are even
more passionate in their insistence that justice be done
than are most humans. Their concept of what justice is,
however, is somewhat different. Much of this goes back to
the old tradition of oathbonding. A promise is not some-
thing given lightly among the Kithain. Many changelings
feel that if you don't have your honor, you have nothing
of value. In fact, when achangeling's solemn word is given,
the Kithain justice system rarely needs to get involved at
all. Oaths are often backed by the power of Glamour. Even
when they aren't, it is unlikely that a changeling will go
back on her word. Kithain memory for oathbreakers is long
and entails severe social penalties. It is rumored that the

Fa > Wo >

Wa Pa VY a> W>

wy F> Ys 7 > >


ancient High King Falchion broke a solemn vow and was
utterly destroyed as a result.

Unfortunately, changelings sometimes take their in-
sistence on justice to extremes. Sometimes "justice"
becomes a euphemism for "vengeance." Nota single slight
is forgiven or forgotten, and some of the reprisals Kithain
take for wrongs (real or imagined) are truly barbaric. Other
changelings can usually protect themselves, to a certain
degree, from an aggrieved fellow faerie. The same cannot
be said of most humans. Numerous tales abound concern-
ing humans who have cheated or insulted a changeling in
some manner. The reprisals for their misdeeds are often far
out of proportion to the seriousness of the infraction.
Kithain morality tales often end with dishonest humans
being eternally covered with stinging insects or being
boiled alive for the merest of crimes. These stories are
inevitably told from the changeling's viewpoint. Little
sympathy is spared for the human. Many Seelie change-
lings can be as thin-skinned about slights as their Unseelie
cousins, sometimes even more so. Seelie Kithain can be
very self-righteous if they imagine they have been wronged.
Their "righteous anger" is every bit as petty and mean-
spirited,

Surprisingly, most nobles are somewhat slower to
anger than most commoners. Perhaps this is due to centu-
ries of good breeding or noblesse oblige; maybe it's just
their insufferable cool. Usually a noble doesn't need to
resort to force or draconian legal methods to maintain
order; a withering glare is often enough. However, in
certain cases the nobility is called upon to administer
justice. The nobility has reestablished its entire system of
jurisprudence on Earth, and is not afraid to use it. This
system is complex and arcane. Many commoners claim
bitterly that it favors the nobility. The court system
sanctioned by the nobility is divided into two tiers: Com-
moner Courts and Uasal (High) Courts. Changelings who
choose to live outside the noble-administered system have
their own system of justice, but that is a subject for another
book. Of course, the nobility doesn't recognize these
motley courts.

Commoner Courts handle many of the day-to-day
functions of Kithain society. They deal with civil com-
plaints and other "trivial" or local matters that the nobles
do not wish to involve themselves in. Most of these courts
operate out of commoner freeholds and are enforced by the
local constabulary. By tradition a noble may not be tried
by a Commoner's Court, though this has occurred on
several occasions.

Uasal Courts are the instruments of the nobility and
involve themselves in the most serious crimes and matters
of state. They consist of seven nobles who stand in judg-


ment of the accused. Their judgments are usually just, but
they are also final. They were once far more autocratic, but
this has changed, thanks to King David. The accused is
granted counsel and has his choice between a summary
judgment or trial by Fior.

The Fior

The Fior is a time-honored tradition of the nobility
and is also used by many Commoner Courts and even
motleys. The Fior is trial by ordeal. There are as many
kinds of Fior as there are changelings, and not all of them
are used in legal proceedings. (For example, a wooed lover
may demand a Fior of her suitor.) In a legal setting a Fior
is, in part, dictated by the details of the infraction. A
serious crime demands a more serious test to exonerate the
accused. Often the Fior is in some way tantamount to the
infraction, forcing the accused to address his sins. In a
Uasal Court a Fior is almost always backed by Glamour
and its decision is enforced by the Dreaming. It is also
believed that the investment of Glamour into the pro-
ceedings helps to bring about a just decision. (An innocent
changeling is helped by the Dreaming during her Fior, a
guilty one is hindered.) The results of the Fior are final.
Some modern changelings object to the Fior as archaic
and barbaric, but surprisingly the vast majority of fae still
support it.

Enforcement

The laws of the nobility are enforced by Glamour and
tradition. Despite the objections of some commoners,
Uasal Courts are generally known for their fairness. Their
findings are usually not disputed. When push comes to
shove, however, the nobility is prepared to use force to
back its laws. These laws are enforced by both noble
knights and commoner thanes. There are strict rules to
prevent the officers of the nobility from abusing their
privileges, though they aren't often needed. Most knights
of the court take their charge seriously and are not gener-
ally susceptible to corruption. The main problems occur
when high-handed sidhe knights fail to take into account
the feelings of the local commoners.

Noblesse Oblige

Being a king isn't all perks and reserved hitching
posts. Implicit in the Right of Demesne is the nobility's
responsibilities to its subjects. There are few nobles (com-
moner or sidhe, Seelie or Unseelie) who do not take their
responsibilities seriously. A noble who does not care for
her subjects risks a nasty rebellion, but there is more to it
than this. From the time that they are childlings, nobles

Nobles: The Shining Host

are instructed that it is their sacred duty to protect their
subjects and to treat them justly. The nobility of the
Kithain have a far better record in this department than
most human (or Prodigal) leaders. Many nobles even have
a romanticized view of "the common changeling" and
have been known to disguise themselves to go among
them. (It is considered poor form for a commoner to
recognize his liege when she is so disguised.)

Despite the nobility's good intentions, noblesse oblige
is a proprietary instinct. Many commoners rightly resent
the nobility's paternalistic and patronizing ways. In gen-
eral, the nobility looks at commoners as beloved, but
unruly and somewhat backward, children. It is not that the
nobility underestimates the commoners (there are many
scholarly treatises on "low commoner cunning"), but few
consider them equals. Sidhe nobles extend this judgment
to the commoner nobles.

Good Deeds

When they are honest with themselves, even the
most radical of antimonarchists admit that there have
been certain improvements since the return of the noble
sidhe.

During the long years of the Interregnum, Kithain
society splintered into a thousand factions and small
communities constrained by geography. Many Kithain
would go their entire lives without meeting changelings
from beyond their freehold or oathcircle. All this changed
with the sidhe's return. The nobility provides a central,
unifying factor in changeling society. Noble freeholds are
often cross-kith affairs, whereas most commoner freeholds
are more homogenous. Although sidhe contact with other
races is in many ways superficial, they still, through the
execution of their noble duties, come into a wider range of
kith than many other changelings. This gives the nobility
a great breadth of knowledge, if not a great depth. If
nothing else, many commoners have united out of a
distrust for the nobility.

Another positive achievement of the nobility is the
opening and protection of the many new freeholds and
trods. While the great surge of Glamour in 1969 was not
caused by the sidhe, it was contemporaneous with the
Resurgence and they usually get credit for it (along with
the moon shot). Thus the sidhe's arrival is directly linked
with the most positive event in living Kithain memory.
Commoners who assert otherwise are usually accused of
sour grapes.

Even if they didn't actually cause the Resurgence, the
nobility has taken advantage of it to the benefit of all
changelings. Prior to the Resurgence the few open trods,
and the Near Dreaming in general, were dangerous in the


extreme. Brigands and hostile chimera often hid along the
Silver Path, waylaying travelers at will. Sidhe cleaned up
the trods to a great extent, making the major ones quite
safe. Of course their influence wanes the deeper into the
Dreaming one goes. Some nobles have been known to
charge tolls to travel trods under their "protection," while
others allow free passage to all.

The nobility also guarantees the borders of all change-
ling freeholds under their protection. Noble tribunals
negotiate territorial disputes between competing Kithain.
Indeed, strife between changelings has quieted down
considerably because of this. Additionally, the nobility
acts decisively to protect commoners from incursions by
the Gallain, the Unseelie Court and even the Prodigals.
The one area where this situation is somewhat reversed is
when humans are involved. The sidhe are particularly
vulnerable to Banality and hence, do not deal with hu-
manity as easily as most commoners.

Perhaps the greatest benefits reaped by the common-
ers from the nobility's return are not so tangible, however.
The sidhe were always the heart of the Kithain, and when
they abandoned the fae during the Shattering, a vital part
of the Kithain spirit was severed. Although many com-
moners are suspicious and resentful of the sidhe's return,
they also welcome them back because they are a missing
part of the Kithain soul. Finally, as the kith most familiar
with the Dreaming and most recently of Arcadia, the sidhe
represent a great opportunity for the Kithain to grow.
Many commoners feel that the sidhe's return affords all
changelings an unprecedented chance to explore worlds
long denied to them during the Interregnum.

Power Corrapts

It is a common misnomer that high corruption is
solely the province of the Unseclie Court. With the
thetoric of honor and duty forever on their lips, the Seelie
nobility are often not suspected of deception, even when
the finger of guilt points straight at them. Most of the
Kithain nobility (Seelie and Unseelie) have a strong code
of ethics. Within that code most of them are studiously
honest. Their standards, however, are highly rarefied and
not widely understood outside of the nobility. When their
code conflicts with the rights of others, it is usually the
outsider who suffers. A noble who is well within the code
of the Uasal Kithain may easily be acting immorally by
another person's standards. Since their code is so cryptic
and arcane to outsiders (especially humans), they are

often accused of acting capriciously.

Apologists for the nobility often use the above argu-
ments asa catch-all defense for any morally suspect actions
by the nobility. Even the most inhumane of noble actions


are deemed by many to have their roots in a strenuous
moral code, different perhaps, but no less valid. Unfortu-
nately this is not always the case. Some Kithain nobles are
mad, evil or corrupt. These nobles adhere to a code of
noble conduct only insofar as it fits their purposes, often
only for appearance's sake. Such nobles usually fall into
one or more of the categories listed below.

Ideologues — Many nobles have an ideal or a vision
that they are moved by. In some cases, however, idealism
becomes fanaticism and the noble loses sight of all other
considerations. There are several factions among the
nobility (e.g. the Beltaine Blade) that encourage this
fanaticism. The fae are passionate creatures and none
more so than the sidhe nobility. The legends of Arcadia,
while forgotten, still loom large in their minds. Many sidhe
are supremely confident that they know what is best for all.

Power Mongers — Power for power's sake. This
stripe of noble is the personification of the old axiom about
the corrupting qualities of power. Being a Kithain noble is
a heady and exhilarating existence. Some nobles cannot
help but be corrupted by the near-limitless power they
wield over both the Dreaming and their fellow Kithain. In
general, the higher the title, the greater the possibilities for
corruption. Nobles who spend a lot of time in their
freeholds or in the Dreaming are especially susceptible to
this brand of corruption. There is nothing like a good dose
of Banality to knock a powermongering noble down a peg.

Dualists — As a rule the sidhe are more likely to
switch allegiances between the Seelie and Unseelie Courts
than other changelings. Some nobles bring this eclectic
behavior to schizophrenic levels. For most Seelie nobles,
the Unseelie side is treated as a one-night stand, an
emotional safety valve. Some only let their Unseelie side
show once a year, on Samhain Eve — yet a changeling's
other nature is an integral part of her, whether she admits
it or not. There are some changelings, however, who lose
all distinction between the courts, sometimes switching
between them moment to moment. Strangely, most of
these dualist nobles are highly adept at concealing their
true nature and appear as some of the most solid and
dependable members of their respective courts.

The Insane — While an outside observer may
consider a dualist insane, most changelings would not.
There are, however, changelings who would be consid-
ered deranged by even the high standards set by the
Malkavians (see Vampire: The Masquerade). The
sidhe are particularly vulnerable to the ravages of
insanity for a number of reasons. Their loss of memory
and identity, the pressures of plunging unprepared into
the modern world, and their undeniable connections

with the Dreaming are but a few. Many sidhe spend
most of their time in their freeholds, thus opening
them to the ills of Bedlam. Insanity is not usually
treated with the same stigma by the Kithain as by
humans. Insane changelings are generally accepted
and often even revered by changelings as Kithain who
have escaped the dread weight of Banality. Most in-
sane changelings are relatively harmless most of the
time, but there are exceptions. Insane sidhe are some
of the most dangerous Kithain alive. (See the entry on
The Lost Ones in Chapter Four, for the most deadly of
this kind.) Despite the above, sidhe are less vulnerable
to Bedlam than other kith who spend a comparable
amount of time in a freehold.

The Bargess

Human faerie tales are full of stories about people who
have run afoul of the fae, only to be ensnared and enslaved
forever. These stories are true. Enchanted human servants
are favored by the Kithain nobility, who never tire of their
antics. Many modern and more egalitarian changelings
view this practice as barbaric. For all their complaints it is
still a common practice to employ human servants. Most
such servantsare very well treated (sometimes even spoiled)
and may even rise to high positions within a royal house-
hold. Changelings are very careful to choose humans with
the least amount of Banality possible (often artists or
children) as servants.

Special Powers

The sidhe have forgotten much of their past and
know little of the modern world. Still, there are rea-
sons why they are the lords of the Kithain. Despite
their many centuries of amnesia, the sidhe have memo-
ries far older than any other kith. There are sidhe lords
alive today who remember Charlemagne, the fall of
Rome and even the Time of Legends. (Such Old Ones
are exceedingly rare, however.) They know little of
computers or popular culture, but they know the old
secrets, denied to all but the greatest scholars of the
other kith. Theirs is the knowledge of the trees and the
secret places, of the mountain roots and most espe-
cially of the Dreaming. Even the sluagh are jealous of
the many old secrets known by the sidhe.

While in their freeholds, safe from the icy winds of
Banality, they recreate the high magics of yesterday,
unseen by other Kithain for centuries or even millen-
nia. It is little wonder then that many commoners
welcomed them back as the true leaders of the Kithain.
Noble freeholds are magnificent affairs, sometimes
approaching the grandeur of Arcadia itself. The sidhe


have a special affinity for the Dreaming and are also
known to live in time somewhat differently from other
Kithain. As a result the sidhe wield the Arts of Chronos
and Dream-Craft far more easily than any other kith.
(See Chapter Five for full details on these two Arts.)

tees

Permanent Cantrips

While in their freeholds the nobility (and some
highly talented commoners) are able to cast cantrips that
withstand the rigors of Banality and time. Permanent
cantrips require the expenditure of permanent Glamour
and the Art of Chronos. (See Chapter Five for more
details.)




BaLGheRr ns g ae i es RRs oe Staats. 8

. ie & \ 4
a Dearest oe .
ny most hearty, co tian br sour Sarton Eee a Bas a ae most *
. _ unexpected, Your use som riots as*cover for. a. ‘shuld was treachery
worthyof an Eduned fVlarvelous, I hie with interest that, alo mg with see Stone, ee :
have purloined much of my Yemaining wine stock. Touché, You certainly know how to i injure a r
» man, Enj "are the wine while you aa personally surve the car lefthy, your ruffians
: and pull an letter Vas g really y necessary to "dash + Heat
Lanse mding my reply 7 to1 at considerate o in the hands of an culated manling
- Since I no longer trust you to fe our messe! nmoested, I am onl ‘sorry that tt must
~ be delivered onthe p point we aknife, inthe Hope yo On Orda, -* ther es are ore « ‘
plentiful these days, Chat consider th ior way o trimming 1 the her
é - lam gratified to‘hear that hee are' exit ms the Gulliver Stone. ao thon our vente

*

: ks con: i personal #1 beseech you. Ah, but you are not that dish, :
Put é hae if write wih to address yur 1 tedious attempt to ex se the :
ae of ° i de thro ur IModernist ‘allies in Pitiament ast week. Your

okey attempt to lee the ‘Blade for le montls assassination attem vid oe ro
Laurel was He a fewlaug hs inthe salon.) Ef this is indicative.of 1 thelevel o li ead a4
Tcan ee You, Jenco

oe u to stick to your usual tactics of mi
whisy | backralleyy danders, ve ve deaty been sides ae the burgess rage . ale ise G 4
"allo your dd sililes, 3 :

cul TT with interest to 9 your sarnblings inte Come' now \OStdemend? Even
of ae ets were adeep b the end of it. Intruth, Imourn fp the days of avir' dd lees ot
a Av skirmish of wit an assault of mt ‘the beau BF se verbal dote Htisa pity
dpu'must now the ways of the In Upute bind uest for such alien, huonan
ogi@' as libe ualityand fraternity" you eee Soren ent begliecdeae concepts of loyatty, :
vrecme honor we Yat all "Kithain trapped i in this iy world togethere Would U a
ur own heart that You w would tum Lagainst all that "we hold deai?. ch. but J fear t ‘
oa riot have the ae move your thus T fear J am Jorced to more. stern methods 6
oe
Your des od on her Paine and - theft of Y Gulliver: Sine was ‘ue an
accompl didenert Le that I must cede (iek wc game of chess, TInreturn J have
taken your queen, ) ur consort, ae urtney, came to me ede ur knowledge to talk
- Petes antd not fooled Pts bo fe dade or dpurs, Shine oo inone of my

fon my mantel, as it were) it she is quite read It igs
© har came to her I assure a oe. : : mee by
st

see not mine, Her safety i is held age by your Heed behavior from now o 1
— that you uel bexl val conduct moe towards her witha rules -

any discomfort ie

&

Your | move. —.. o
| * Dube oe :

Suite' 4 Ma. dest this: latter Jor own crass palitical motives itis written on Lin
pine i euit be bhning mm your ee even — . ~ Pa €


The politics of the high sidhe are unlike any others in
the World of Darkness. Born of a more subtle, civilized
time, their politics are a model of mannerly comportment.
This civilized veneer, however, conceals a hard-headed,
often vicious culture of pitched political skirmishes and
treacherous backstabbing. Only the immortal schemes of
the vampires and perhaps the machinations of the
Technomancers match it for subtlety and complexity.

With little memory of their lives in Arcadia and scant
understanding of the modern world, the sidhe nobility still
addresses the issues and petty grudges of half a millennium
ago. Old house rivalries and medieval concerns are just as
frequently debated as issues of modern import. Asa result,
many commoners consider the sidhe's gyrations archaic
and irrelevant. With their monopoly over the trods and
freeholds, however, the Dream Lords wield an undeniable
power over Kithain society. Commoners ignore this power
at their peril.

Within the boundaries of Kithain society, the poli-
cies of the nobility are strongly enforced. Both sidhe and
commoner nobles have keen insights into the racial psyche
of the Kithain and the philosophy of rulership. Commoner
nobles, of course, differ from the sidhe in their methods of
leadership. The sidhe's greatest weakness is their igno-

rance of the "real world." Their concept of monarchy
doesn't extend beyond the Kithain, except in the most
general terms. Like the Garou, they wield little power in
the human sphere. Many commoners escape the edicts of
the nobility by immersing themselves in the human world.
Conversely, many sidhe escape the trials of rulership by
escaping farther into the Dreaming.

Form

Few things can match the pageantry of a high noble's
court in full session. Here is the heart and the power of the
Kithain soul. The nobility has spared no expense in
recreating its pre-Sundering glory. The commoners have
literally watched the legends of yesterday spring back to
life before their eyes. Kithain artisans (especially the
nockers and boggans) are richly rewarded for their efforts
and work tirelessly to build the greatest of wonders for the
nobility.

Innovations in faerie architecture incorporate secrets
from Arcadia and modern (human) construction methods
to create a grand synthesis unlike anything else seen on
Earth. A building boom has taken place over the past 25
years, with great structures being constructed all over the


near Dreaming. The grandeur of the nobility is not limited
to architecture, however.

The faerie nobility are a regal and imposing assem-
blage and would be, even if met naked in a muddy field.
(They do this sometimes, but that's another story.) The
sidhe in particular seem to carry with them their own inner
light. When they meet in royal concourse, this effect is
greatly magnified. A train of nobles decked out in court
finery is enough to take one's breath away. Political
brinkmanship is considered a pleasure, as well as vitally
necessary, by most nobles, especially the wilders. Even the
gravest of proceedings are animated and punctuated by
moments of levity.

Form is the key to content in a noble court. The
slightest change of the troubadour's melody, the arch of an
eyebrow, or the subtle wearing of a royal favor may
indicate the most important of political shifts. Commoner
observers are allowed in most royal court sessions. The
political theater that this provides has become all the rage
among commoners, as well as among the nobility. This is
especially true since so many other aspects of Kithain life
are reflected so vividly in the affairs of court.

Here there is intellectual stimulation, honor, intrigue
and romance. The sidhe, especially, have a way of making
the most dry and prosaic of arguments burn with a passion-
ate intensity. Those not used to these debates may find
themselves completely swept up in the proceedings, be-
coming vehement proponents or adversaries of things
they cared little about before the meeting. Duels have
been fought over subtle historic points or the proposed
color of the carpeting in the foyer.

Staying in Porm

There is a rhythm to every court session and no
two are exactly alike. Changelings who fail to make
a Perception + Empathy roll (difficulty and number
of successes needed vary; sidhe characters reduce
difficulty by two) are out of syne with the proceed-
ings. (Increase the difficulty of all Social and Mental
rolls related to the proceedings by two.) Most noble
conclaves are so subtle and fast that the uninitiated
often miss the entire point of the proceedings if they
blink. If there is one constant complaint that the
commoners have of the nobility, it is that they seem
to be more taken with form than with content.
What they fail to realize is that, with the sidhe, the
two are much the same.

Content

Despite their sometimes affected manner, the fae
nobility are deadly serious when it comes to matters of
survival. Great matters of the day include the negotiated
settlements of territorial disputes (land disputes equal
instability), the administration of trods and freeholds, and
enforcement of the Escheat. Additionally, the nobility has
its hands full trying to curb the excesses of the Unseelie
Court, learning the ways of the mortals, and divining the
intentions of the Gallain and the Prodigals. These matters
weigh heavily on the minds of the nobility.

Stractare

There are two official venues for political debate
among the Kithain. The first is any royal court session, the
other is the Parliament of Dreams. There are four types of
royal court sessions, listed below in ascending order of
secrecy. They are the open court, the closed court, the
privy council and the reune.

Open Court — Open court sessions, while not com-
mon, are by no meansas rare as they once were. King David
sees to that. Open court is held in either the court of the
local noble, or in an open venue such as a festival.
Sometimes impromptu sessions are held in taverns. These
sessions are often raucous affairs, full of life and wildly
differing points of view. They are the best opportunities for
commoner changelings of every stripe to be heard directly
by the nobility.

Closed Court — This is what most commoners
picture when they think of a noble court. Closed court
meetings are the political venue most frequently em-
ployed by the nobility. Commoners often attend (when
permitted) to petition the nobility or act as observers, The
venue is tightly controlled, however. This is the most
formal of all the noble courts and adherence to decorum is
strictly enforced. The majority of the day-to-day decisions
of the nobility are made here and the doings of the court
are generally available to Kithain society at large.

Privy Council — Privy council meetings are secre-
tive affairs, open only to the lord and her closest advisors.
Matters of great import are discussed here and decorum is
not as vigorously enforced, so that the advisors may speak
their true minds. Indeed, privy council meetings can be
every bit as raucous as open court meetings, especially
when participants break out the wine. Although great
projects (e.g., waging war) are planned for here, they are
not always initiated here.

The Reune — The reune is the most secretive of
meetings between the fae nobility. It is rumored that many


history-making decisions are first forged here. Often this
type of secret rendezvous is combined with a lover's tryst
(see Courtly Love below). The reune may be a meeting
between secret allies, or dire enemies. Detractors of the
nobility often accuse it of "governance by reune."

The Parliament
of Dreams

The Parliament of Dreams is the official governing
body of Concordia. King David founded the Parliament in
1971, in the hope of offering the commoners a voice in
their own governance. While considered a noble effort by
many, its effect on the imbalance of political power has
been largely cosmetic. Representatives (called Advocates)
may be sent to the Parliament by every freehold with a
membership over 15. Given their disproportionate power
over the freeholds, the sidhe, while not a majority of the
body, still hold the balance of power.

With over 40 percent of the seats in the Parliament,
the sidhe would seem to have an almost guaranteed
plurality every time. The sidhe are not monolithic in their
policies, however, and there are many splits in their power
structure. Commoners and commoner nobles fare little
better in their attempts at unity; thus much of the govern-
ing is done through coalition.

With their numbers and their ability to sway people
through charisma and rhetoric, the Traditionalist sidhe
get their way on most issues. There is, however, enough

opposition to them that the proper coalition of common-
ers and more moderate sidhe, and commoner interests can
occasionally thwart their plans. Laws passed by the Parlia-
mentare subject to approval by the nobility in the territory
affected by the law. Unfortunately, the Parliament does
not yet have the power to enforce its edicts against the face
of consolidated resistance by the nobility. The sidhe
representation in the Parliament of Dreams is far out of
proportion to its numbers in the general population (only
5% of all Kithain in Concordia are sidhe). Because of this,
many commoners feel that the Parliament is something of
a farce. The mood of the Parliament is somewhat akin to
that of the English Parliament. It is lively and animated,
punctuated by verbal jibes. The Parliament is guarded by

a cohort of Red Branch knights, by order of King David.

PotiticatImpatses

There are many political philosophies among the
Kithain of Concordia. Most of them fit into one of the
three categories listed below.

Traditionalist

It is a common misconception that the only Tradi-
tionalists left among the fae are the sidhe nobility. In fact
a sizable portion of the commoner populace is also highly
orthodox in outlook. The ethos of the Traditionalists goes
back to the closing days of the Age of Legends. Tradition-
alists believe strongly in the right of kings and in the
inherent leadership abilities of the sidhe. Traditionalist
loyalties are particularly prevalent among the sidhe, trolls,

Political Power by Impatse

Political Power by Kith

(Seelie 95%, Unseelie 5%)

The Parliament of Dreams

Sidhe Nobles 42% (Traditionalist 20%, Reformer 15%, Modernist 7%)
Commoner Nobles 20% (Traditionalist 8%, Reformer 4%, Modernist 8%)
Commoners 38% (Traditionalist 15%, Reformer 7%, Modernist 16%)
Total 100% (Traditionalist 43%, Reformer 26%, Modernist 31%)

(Sidhe 42%, Boggan 14%, Troll 9%, Nocker 8%, Pooka 6%, Satyr 6%, Sluagh 5%, Redcap 5%, Eshu 5%)

Sidhe Political Power by House
(Gwydion 12%, Eiluned 10%, Fiona 10%, Dougal 6%, Liam 3%, Scathach 1%)

Political Power by Coart (Estimated)


nockers and boggans./The Beltaine Blade is made up
entirely of the most-réactionary. of this philosophy.

Reformer >

- Reformers believe that the best system forthe Kithain
is a constitutional monarchy, administered by philoso-
pher-kings and open to the will of the people: King David
and Queen Mab ate prime examples of Reformers. Re-
formers/are usually portrayed as the political centrists on
the-Kithain political spectrum. While often true, this is
simplistic. Reformers come in many' stripes and have
widely divergent agendas. j

Modernist
Modernists are rare among the sidhe

ernists either cautiously accept the In We

; y pbeee Tee
reality that must be dealt with, or embrace ittota

the sidhe's pi digberiiise Banality, this wo

e Scathach is a pre
Modérnist House. Many sidhe childlings also sho
ernist tendencies, much to their elders' chagrin. C
Anne (see Chapter Seyen) is a prime e3
ernist sidhe. ay) Lh

Among the greatest concerns tothe sidhe nobility E\\- aa

the activities of the returned Unseelie sidhe, the so-called
Shadow Court. While the sidhe ndbi y

difficult task of usurping leadership { b mK
nobles, the Unseelie Court seemingly disappeared, This |
of special concern, because unlike: the eI

two courts of the nobility never mad 2 peace. Indeed, man'
theorize that it was war between the two court'in Arcadia

that led to the exile of the five Seelie houses. Many fear.

that the Unseelie Court is biding its time, waiting for an
opportunity to strike. Recent signs indicate that they are
reemerging.

Despite these concerns, the Seelie nobility recognizes
that the Unseelie is an integral part of every changeling's
nature. For this reason there are no rules preventing
Unseelie nobles from participating in such governing
institutions as the Parliament of Dreams. Actually this
decision is not completely for unselfish motives. With the
Unseelie Court mostly underground, such contact is one
of the few ways that the Seelie Court can keep tabs on
them. The number of admitted Unseelie Kithain in such
institutions is very small (about 5 percent).

There are, of course, no true methods to discern
whether achangeling is Seelie or Unseelie, except by their
actions. Some fear that there are really far more Unseelie

Nobles: The Shining Host

ity went about the j

fae in positions of power (even kings and queens) than is
evident. (It is rumored that both Queen Aeron of Pacifica
and King Meilge of the Kingdom of Willows lean heavily
toward their Unseelie natures.) It must be conceded that
the Shadow Court may have the same concerns about
Seelie spies in their midst. Since the Seelie nobility
experienced great resistance and resentment when they
returned from Arcadia, it is assumed that the Unseelie
sidhe may have many of the same problems in reacclimating
themselves to earth. House Ailil is the only Unseelie
house that the sidhe know has returned, but there are

_ always rumors of more. It is also rumored that the Unseelie

nobility remembers far more about the exodus from Arcadia

(ituen sien, Any Unseelie noble will, of course, laugh
chaste
It is g

it

aa)

‘is ge erally believed that, like the Seelie Court,
political consists of three political impulses.
s itionalists" wish to return to the old
ic and Unseelie Courts took turns at
nurse ofa year. Another impulse believes
See tat has ruled long enough and that it is
ime for the Unseelie Court to take complete power. Fae
1 impulse believe that the current Seelie leadership
the natural order of things by ruling for as long
itd Unseelie impulse believes that there
uilers at all. It is unknown which impulse

: Most power in the Shadow Court.

hae

1 MP EL A
Most commoners sée the nobility as a singular entity
with monolithic goals and ideals. This is incorrect. The
bility is split along many lines. Divisions exist between)

| Seelie and Unseelie Courts, political impulses, and espe-

cially among the various houses. Although most of the six
Seelie houses pull together in times of crisis; they spend
much of their time in low-level; internecine rivalry: Even,
nobles of the same house do not necessarily get along. The
houses are listed below in. descending order of political
power. \

House Gwydion.

Gwydion is generally acknowledged as the house of
tulership. Its leadership is generally wise and fair, and thus,
not usually challenged:-House Gwydion ferociously, in
defends its leadership position against all comers. Even
House Eiluned gives its membets a wide berth when they
are on the warpath. Gwydion is the most traditional of all
the houses and is generally reputed to have the best
warriors, though House Fior disputes this, Most Kithain
look to it, to defend them against the schemes of the
Unseelie Court: House Gwydion is a close ally of House


Dougal and is highly suspicious of House Eiluned. High
King David and his sister, Queen Morwen, are of this
house, as is Chief Greyhawk of the Kingdom of the
Burning Sun and Queen Morganna of the Kingdom of the
White Sands. Technically speaking, the Kingdom of the
Feathered Snake (Mexico) is ruled by the troll Duke
Topaz, a vassal of King David's. It is hotly contested by the
nunnehi, however, and may soon fall.

Hoase Eilaned

Although House Eiluned and House Fiona have equal
representation in the Parliament of Dreams, House Eiluned
is generally considered the stronger of the two. Only
House Gwydion has more power. House Eiluned has a
strong Unseelie component to it and is forever challeng-
ing the power of Gwydion, probing it for any weakness:
Because of its dark reputation, House Eiluned is not
generally trusted by the other houses. It thus makes its

alliances elsewhere. The Eiluned, King Meilge, rules over'

the Kingdom of Willows in the southeastern portion of
Concordia.

Hoase Fiona

Although the sidhe of House Fiona are considered
flighty at best by most other nobles, they still have a
natural aptitude for political power; They seem to regard
it as some sort of game. Despite its political aptitude,
House Fiona rarely uses its power offensively, preferring
instead to maintain a strong defensive position within'a
stable status quo; Gedgraphically, House Fiona holds far
mofé land than any other house in Concordia. Its power
extends over three kingdoms, ruled by a triad of three
powerful women. The Kingdom of Northern Ice, ruled by
Queen, Laurel, includes all of Canada and Alaska. The
Kingdom of Pacifica is ruled by Queen, Aeron and the
Kingdom of Apples is ruled by Queen Mab. House Fiona
is the most egalitatian, and probably the most popular, of
the noble houses. Much of its politics are driven by its
strong romantic end i
HouwseDougal

Gruff honest and practical, the lordsof House Dougal
generally consider political intrigue to be an unworthy
pursuit anda waste of time. Despite their lack of guile, they
are not easily fooled by the machinations of the other
houses. House De :

House Gwydion,

usually supports: has

machinations of House Ei Queen Mary Elizabeth of
House Dougal rules over thi ngdom6f Grass, situated in
the midwestern portion of Concordia. House Dougal

prefers to settle its disputes "honestly," through force of
arms, rather than through political means.

House Liam

This outcast house holds little sway in the sidhe
power structure. Members of House Liath are widely trav-
eled, however, and are thus sought out as advisors by other
houses. House Liam is rumored ave secret alliances

with Houses Fiona and Scathael ugh these rumors are
tside of a

unsubstantiated. House Liant holds
few urban fiefs, :

Hoase Scathac a
Even more than House Liam, the members of House
Seathach are dispossessed and. without political power

the Resurgence,

greathelp to the returning nobility durin,
this fact' House

many nobles have chosen'
Scathach shows little inte: in wielding temporal power
within fae politics and. is particularly distrusted by fae
Traditionalists. It is rumored th tthey have dark alliances

amongst the Gallain. i

Ratership

The changeling nobility are indoctrinated in the
ways of leadership from childhood. Whether born to the
smallest of knightly fiefdoms or the high palace of Tara-
Nar, the philosophy of rulership is as ingrained a habit as
breathing air. Every sidhe (and most commoner nobles)
knows instinctively what her role in Kithain society is.
Sidhe live their role to its fullest extent. There are many
levels of rulership within the nobility, and each has a very
specific and different place.

The Kingdom

The kingdom, whether it is the great Kingdom of
Concordia or one of the smaller kingdoms that make it up,
is the largest building block in Kithain society. It is no
surprise, then, that it is the most difficult to rule. Schem-
ers, malcontents and social climbers (noble and commoner)
abound, and many monarchs show signs of grumpdom
before their time. In many ways the monarch is the
kingdom; in the Dreaming the environment reflects the
nature of the ruler in physical terms. See below for more
complete descriptions of individual kingdoms.

The Dachy

Duchies, ruled by dukes or duchesses, typically consist
of many freeholds and encompass entire regions and large
cities. Duchies hold vast power, not only because of their

Chapter Three: Politics 43


rank and territory held, but because they have a lock on
power in the Parliament of Dreams. A monarch who has
atreacherous duke or duchess in her kingdom is in for some
tough sailing. Fortunately most of this rank are depend-
able in their defense of the crown. The Dreaming within
a duchy also conforms to the character and moods of its
ruler, though this is influenced by the character of the king
or queen. Nobles of this rank are renowned for maintain-
ing strict order in their houses; thus, they usually don't
have as much to fear from treachery within. They do have
to deal with the treachery of the counts from below,
however.

The Coanty

Counties, ruled by counts or countesses, are made up
of no more than four freeholds (usually two or three). For
some reason more counts and countesses are schemers
than is any other rank of nobility. This is reflected in their
counties, which are usually hotbeds of scandal and in-
trigue. This reputation is widespread and honest countesses
usually have to go an extra mile to prove their intentions.
Counties are also usually the target of the most commoner
revolts, hence they have a reputation for being the most
draconian nobles in their enforcement of the law. The
environment within a county is affected by its ruler,
though this is influenced by the lord above it.

The Barony

Baronies, ruled by barons or baronesses, consist of no
more than two (usually one) freeholds. Kithain barons are
usually a solid and even-tempered lot, more loyal to the
king than to the count above them. More often than not,
a barony is a happy place, full of light and music. Most
barons are close to their people and are strongly supported
by them in times of trouble. Baronies are usually no larger
than a few city blocks or a few square country miles.
Baronies are weakly influenced by the moods of their rulers
(this influence is strongest within the immediate house-
hold), though this is influenced by the lord above it.

The Fiefdom

Fiefdoms are small territories held by either barons or
some knights as a reward for loyal service. Fiefdoms exist
at the sufferance of the lord above it and may be dissolved
if deemed necessary. Fiefdoms may or may not include a
trod or freehold. If the fief does include a freehold, the
mood will conform to its ruler's character, though this
influence rarely extends beyondasingle building. Fiefdoms
are usually tightly administered and thus stable. Most

knights (even Unseelie ones) are honorable and their
fiefdoms behave accordingly.

‘The Household

If the household is in disorder, the kingdom is in
disorder. This is true of the smallest fiefdom and the
greatest kingdom. The household describes the immediate
freehold of the noble. It includes her family, retainers and
other hangers-on. The household may be the greatest
source of strength to the noble, or it may destroy her
utterly. Kithain history holds many examples of high lords
brought low by a faithless spouse, or scheming children.

The Nobility and
the Dreaming

It isnot known by what device the nobility affects the
Dreaming. It is frequently observed, however, that the
sidhe nobility have amuch stronger effect than commoner
nobles in this regard. Most Kithain historians trace the
possible cause for this back to pacts made between the De
Denaan and the first sidhe during the Age of Legends,
while more modern fae allude to the power invested to
them by the conscious collective. None can say for certain,
though. The "control" over the Dreaming wielded by the
nobility is neither conscious nor complete. Instead the
long-term nature of the Dreaming ina given area conforms
to its lord's general character (if the lord is calm and
serene, so too are her lands). Short-term mood swings may
be reflected in more temporary ways (i.e., a storm, or a
plague of chimerical locusts).

This phenomenon has harmful as well as helpful
implications. If the lord is in a dark mood, a chimerical
storm may worsen this condition. Furthermore, chimeri-
cal beings tend to gather in places which are conducive to
their basic nature. A territory ruled by a disagreeable noble
is infested by all manners of chimerical monsters. These
creatures may serve the lord of this territory, but they are
just as likely to attack her. This is one of the reasons that
Unseelie lands are rare. Lords of these areas spend much
time and effort defending their home front. Nobles have
acertain affinity for chimerical creatures attracted by their
own moods and may dispel chimera within their realm
through an expenditure of one point of Glamour (more in
the case of truly potent chimera). Conversely, the lands of
a benevolent lord may contain all manner of benign and
wondrous creatures.


Secret Societies

Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no
basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power
is derived from a mandate by the masses, not some farcical
aquatic ceremony.

— The Constitutional Peasant in "Monty Python
and the Holy Grail"

Both the political and the social lives of the nobility
are rife with secret societies. Whether these societies are
deadly political cabals, or fashionable artists cliques, they
have a profound effect on fae society Some prefer to work
their will through the dissemination of information, while
others employ terror and assassination. Some are at least
somewhat known of by the general Kithain populace,
while others are truly secret.

Red Branch Knights

Of all the knights in faerie history, none compare to
the Knights of the Red Branch. Tracing its founding to the
Age of Legends, the Red Branch is justly known for its
bravery, honor and fighting prowess. The Red Branch is
respected by noble and commoner alike for its pursuit of
justice for all Kithain. The knights are oathbound to each
other and move as one in all matters. Many of the Red
Branch are employed as private guards by the High King
and carry out these duties in an exemplary fashion. The
Red Branch is known to have its own strict moral code,
however, which its members follow above all other con-
cerns. When the High King of antiquity, Falchion, became
oathbroken, the Red Branch abandoned him to his fate.

Red Branch knights rank among the best fighters of
the Kithain. Although they still primarily employ archaic
weapons (swords, bows, etc.), they are also trained in the
use of firearms. They are predominantly (but not exclu-
sively) sidhe Traditionalists. The only real qualifications
to join are to be proved in battle and virtue. Some
commoners have been knighted on the spot for rendering
good service to the Branch (though this is rare). Red
Branch knights are required to aid those in true need (even
humans and Gallain), to fight honorably and to spare
those who surrender. No knight of this order is ever known
to have broken his word. The Knights of the Red Branch
have no common uniform, but most of them wear pre-
dominantly red.

The Beltaine Blade

The Beltaine Blade is a shadowy secret organization,
somewhat akin to the historic Star Chamber. Its members
are sidhe nobles dedicated to the preservation of the
traditional oligarchy. Although it supports the monarchy

Chapter Three: Politics


in principle, it is far more interested in empowering the
feudal nobles. To this end they have worked to weaken
King David while tightening their own grip on power. The
Beltaine Blade has adherents in powerful positions, in-
cluding at the court of Tara-Nar. Although the Beltaine
Blade is exclusively sidhe, it uses commoner races as
soldiers and assassins. The Blade's current project is to
disenfranchise the trolls, whom they consider a threat to
the "true nobility" (e.g.,them).

The Blade is ruthless in the extreme and is rumored to
have been involved in the Beltaine Night of Iron Knives
Massacre. The Blade is, of course, predominantly Tradi-
tionalist in makeup. There are a few Modernists within its
ranks, but these Modernists are only interested in the
utilitarian aspects of modern society, not any of its more
egalitarian ideals. The current leader of the Blade is Duke
Dyfell's cousin, Duke Dray (see Personalities in Chapter
Seven). Despite the fact that there are few full-time
Unseelie changelings within the Blade, it is still a blood-
thirsty group. The Blade has some contacts among the
vampire Ventrue (see Vampire: The Masquerade).

‘The Ranters

The Ranters are a radical circle of changeling com-
moners who despise royalty. They have existed since the
17th century and may have been behind the human group
of the same name. Throughout most of their history, they
have done battle with the commoner nobles. They bear
this group ill will to this day, though the main target of
theiranimosity has shifted to the sidhe. Politically they are
Anarcho-Syndicalist in nature. This obviously hasn't gone
over well with the sidhe, who are used to having their own
way. The Ranters are organized in small cells. This is so
they can't betray the entire organization if one is captured.
The Kithain in a given cell are oathbound to each other.
The Ranters have contacts in other supernatural commu-
nities, including the Garou Monkeywrenchers and the
vampire anarchs. Their sidhe enemies also rumor that
they are allied with the nunnehi.

They have carried out terrorist actions against par-
ticularly despotic nobles. This has made them fairly popular
among many commoners. Their leader isashadowy Kithain
known only as Ravachol (see "Personalities" in Chapter
Seven). There is a strong Unseelie component to the
Ranters. The Beltaine Blade asserts that they are really a
front for one of the Unseelie houses, sent to stir up
commoner dissatisfaction. The Ranters have been out-
lawed by King David, despite his commoner sympathies.

The battle cry of the Ranters is: Down with Concordia!

All hail Discordia!


The Catacomb Clab

The Catacomb Club is a semipublic "gentlemen's
club" (there are some female members) of commoner
nobles striving to regain their former position in fae
society. Most of the members of the Club are also among
the most powerful commoner members of the Parliament
of Dreams. The membership of the Club cuts easily across
the three political Impulses of fae political life, though it
is predominantly Reformer in makeup. Despite its egali-
tarian rhetoric, the Club is ultimately out for the power of
its members and is not particularly passionate about the
rights of the common changeling. The Club is almost as
disliked by the Ranters as it is by the Beltaine Blade.

The Club is primarily a political organization and
does not, asa whole, go out of this venue in the acquisition
of power. This is not always true of its individual members,
who have been known to employ highly illegal methods to
advance their personal agendas. The Catacomb Club does
enjoy popular support among many commoners, though
most of them know little of its true workings. The Club is
generally methodical and efficient: a smoke-filled room
where much of the Kithain's policies are made.

The Crystat Circle

Only the most talented of fae conjurers are considered
for this powerful cabal of Seelie "sorcerers." The Crystal

Circle consists of both noble and commoner fae who have
mastered at least one of the Kithain Arts and are adept at
another. (Minimum requirement: 5 in one Art, 4 in
another.) The Crystal Circle is known of by the change-
ling populace, but its goals are generally obscure. It is
known that its members travel farther afield in the Dream-
ing than any other changelings have dared since the
Shattering. What they do on those twilight paths is
unknown. Some say they search for Arcadia, while others
maintain that they guard the borders against incursions
from the Nightmare Realms. It is even rumored by some
that they make their way into the realms of the Umbra and
the dead.

In general, the Crystal Circle is perceived as benign
by most Seelie changelings. Many ballads feature a Crystal
Circle conjurer showing up and saving the day at the last
moment. Its members are also closely allied with the Red
Branch. Although they are generally good natured, they
do not suffer fools lightly. It is rare that they take outsiders
into their confidence. Sidhe of the Crystal Circle do not
acquire Banality as quickly as other sidhe. They are par-
ticularly adept at the Arts of Chronos and Dream-Craft.

Storyteller's Note: Beginning player characters should
not belong to the Crystal Circle.


The Cat's Cradle

The Cat's Cradle is perhaps the most subtle of the
secret societies. Its existence is not even whispered of
beyond a small circle. The Cradle is made up entirely of
faerie noblewomen (both Seelie and Unseelie) who work
tirelessly to ensure the long-term survival of the fae at
large. To this end they have secretly broken many of the
laws of the fae, including various terms of the Escheat. All
of them are women of power, however. It is unlikely that
they would be harshly punished, even if this fact was
revealed. It is possible that they work with the approval of
the High King. Their two most consistent opponents are
the Shadow Court and the Beltaine Blade.

In order to assure the fae's long-term survival, the
Cat's Cradle weaves a complex and arcane network of
subtle alliances throughout the fae, so that it may pull
together in the event of a major crisis (e.g., the onset of
Winter). In addition, the Cradle has made alliances out-

side the fae altogether. Tentative contacts have been
made among the Gallain. Even certain, carefully researched
Prodigals (ie. vampires, werewolves, mages, etc.) are
approached. Prominent members of the Cat's Cradle
include Queen Mab, Queen Laurel, Countess Anne and
the Lady Sierra.

The Monkey's Paw

The Monkey's Paw is a secret cabal of Kithain assas-
sins dating back to the early days of the Shattering. These
changelings are known to hire themselves out to the
highest bidder, but they also have their own agenda.
Unlike the other groups listed here, the Monkey's Paw is
predominantly made up of commoner kith. Its leadership
is rumored to be made up of sidhe who stayed on Earth
throughout the Interregnum, including renegade mem-
bers of House Scathach. The Monkey's Paw is almost
exclusively Unseelie in nature, but occasionally serves
such "respectable" Seclie masters as the Beltaine Blade.

The Golden Sickle

The Golden Sickle is an organization of Modernist
nobles (commoner and sidhe) interested in the acquisi-
tion of earthly wealth and power. Nobles of this cabal
often live in penthouse apartments on the tops of skyscrap-
ers, use cellular phones and play the stock market (very
well). They are unafraid of modern technology, but be-
cause of their flirtations with it, tend to be more
Banality-laden than other fae. Like the Cat's Cradle, they
make alliances where they wish, and have contacts amongst
the Prodigals. They are especially known to deal with the


Glass Walkers (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse) and the
Virtual Adepts (see Mage: The Ascension). They also
have many contacts within the business world and govern-
ment.

The Golden Sickle is a loosely knit fraternity at best.
Its members trade information and make individual pacts
with each other, but they do not speak with one voice.
Members may be of any kith, court or political impulse.
Recently the Sickle seems to be working with more delib-
eration. Whether this is a long-term pattern or merely a
temporary aberration is unknown. Members of this orga-
nization are typically heavily guarded by both fae and
human (kinain) operatives.

Coart Intrigae

Intrigue is an everyday fact of life in most noble
courts. Gossip, secret treaties and treacherous back-stab-
bing are commonplace; even the most ordered courts have
some intrigue. Intrigue is not necessarily a bad thing, if it
doesn't get out of hand. A little of it keeps a noble on her
toes and helps to maintain a high interest in the doings of
the court. When intrigue gets out of hand, however, it can
tear even the strongest of courts apart. A wise ruler keeps
a tight watch against the excesses of court intrigue.

In some courts, intrigue occurs on every level. Even
the jester and the scullery maid are in on the action. An
intelligent noble must learn to play the game at every level
at once. Spies and secret alliances must be skillfully woven
throughout the court, allies cultivated among even the
lowest of the palace's retainers. Indeed, allies of this sort
are especially important, since they can go places without

drawing the attention that other nobles always attract.
Nobles who choose to play the game of court intrigue only
at the highest levels (i-e., only among their fellow nobles)

rarely successed.

The Artof the Game

Intrigue, as with so many other aspects of noble life,
is considered a high art form. The sidhe, in particular, view
every minute of their lives in the Dreaming as being part
of a living story. They savor every breath they take. A
sidhe lord, in search of an angle can bring far more
imagination and perseverance to solving it than almost
any other creature in the World of Darkness. (This is less
true in the mundane world, where sidhe tend to become
groggy and lethargic.) The sidhe are forced to be particu-
larly innovative in lieu of their lost memories and lack of
experience in the earthly sphere.


Gobtin Parchment

Goblin parchment is the favored medium of
nobles sending secret messages. This enchanted
parchment is fashioned from the skin of an un-
known, chimerical beast, by nocker artisans. The
writing on the parchment is only visible to the
intended recipient and burns immediately after it is
read. The parchment resists all attempts to copy it.

Sidhe versas Commoner
Nobles

For many centuries, during the Interregnum, the
commoner nobles held a monopoly on political power.
The few sidhe remaining during that time were either
hunted down or forced (like House Scathach) to live
underground. The recently returned sidhe do not forgive
the treachery of these commoner nobles. To some sidhe,
the Beltaine Massacre was justified on this account alone.
For their part, the commoner nobles feel that they have
more right to rule by virtue of having "earned" their title
and by having stuck out the long, hard years of the
Interregnum. They, of course, bear a grudge because of the
Beltaine Massacre.

The relationship between the two groups, since the
Resurgence, can be politely described as "strained." Bick-
ering between the two is constant, and occasionally flares
into violence. The sidhe usually fare better in these
skirmishes. Both sides have advantages against the other

The commoners have a home turf advantage, because of
their familiarity with the modern world. They are also
more resistant to Banality and have slightly more popular
support from the people. The sidhe, on the other hand, are
simply more adept at wielding power. They are better
organized and not divided along lines of kith, like the
commoners. The sidhe also enjoy more popular support
among the commoners than one might, at first, suppose.
Despite their differences, there are also some areas of
agreement. Common ground includes the need to cope
with the Unseelie Court, the Ranters (who dislike all
nobles), and the plots of the Gallain. Nobles, whether
they are common or sidhe, are still nobles, after all. On
many occasions they have more in common with each
other than with the vast majority of commoners. They also
realize the virtue of cooperation amid an increasingly
hostile and Banality-filled world. Something of a rap-
prochement has been reached in recent years.

Coartly Love in Coart Politics

When commoners mumble about "government by
reune" they often mean the royal pillow talk of nobles in
love. It is little secret that nobles of either sex enjoy
political counsel from spouses, lovers or even royal concu-
bines. The sidhe, in particular, are highly vulnerable to the
swaying voice of amour. A love interest may either be a
great and strengthening factor ina noble's life, or may drag
her down to her doom (read almost any Shakespeare
tragedy).

At its best, courtly love provides a noble with a steady
keel, a good wind and a safe harbor on the choppy water of
Kithain politics. At its worst, a noble's lover may be a
power-mad sociopath (a la Lady Macbeth), or even be an
agent of a competing noble, sent to destroy her. While
some nobles (especially those of House Gwydion) are
difficult to fool in most matters, love blinds even the wisest
of Kithain.

Wars are waged to avenge even the slightest of insults
against an aggrieved lover. Even though most commoners
may resent fighting in such a cause, they still recognize and
share the emotions involved as common to all change-
lings. Even the most dour of nockers and brutish of redcaps
have some inkling of what power love holds over the
Kithain heart.

Mortat Life

Most changelings lead two lives, split between their
faerie seemings and their lives as human beings. To many,
the concept of going on a grand adventure and then
"returning in time for supper" is a reality. Many nobles,
however, do not have this luxury. Running a court, espe-
cially at higher levels, is a full-time job. Few nobles
willingly leave their duties for any length of time to live a
second life. The sidhe, in particular, spend as little time in
their mortal seemings as possible. This leads to some
problems.

A noble who lives wholly in the Dreaming may be
puissant in that sphere, but even the most unearthly of
nobles must occasionally come out and address the "real
world." Changelings who live in the Dreaming full-time
are almost completely unable to resist the ravages of the
real world. While most higher nobles (counts and up) can
afford to have many of their earthly needs (housing,
money, food) taken care of for them, many lower Kithain
must fend for themselves. It is not uncommon to find a
sidhe knight living on the street, and great noble houses in
the Dreaming may hide a dilapidated shack in the mun-
dane world.

;

(


nodoms
Concordia

The Kingdom of Concordia consists of seven major
kingdoms, a powerful dukedom and numerous,
semiautonomous fiefdoms. Concordia consists of the en-
tire North American continent. The kingdom is highly
diverse along geographical, cultural and political lines.
King David's influence on the Dreaming throughout the
kingdom is both beneficent and pronounced. Under his
benign and energetic rule, the Dreaming throughout
Concordia has in large measure regained much of its old
luster. This is not consistently true, however. Local phe-
nomena, such as unjust rulers, Unseelie freeholds, certain
Gallain activity and Lost One freeholds scar Concordia in
many places.

: Y
Kingdom of Apples

The Grandame, Queen Mab, is a woman of strong
passions and convictions, but also of great maturity. She is
the oldest of the monarchs of Concordia and her lands are
solid, pleasant and stable. The Kithain of this kingdom are
also generally a solid and practical folk, though this
changes considerably near such urban centers as New
York. Much of the Dreaming in this kingdom consists of
green rolling hills, rocky coastlines and verdant groves. Of
all the kingdoms of Concordia, the Kingdom of Apples is
the most like the old country (Ireland).

Kingdom of Northern Ice

Wild, stormy and unpredictable, the Kingdom of
Northern Ice is much like its regent, Queen Laurel of
House Fiona. This is the largest of the kingdoms in
Concordia and spreads out over all of Canada and Alaska.
The Dreaming here is a constant turmoil of great storms
and continuous snowfall. Much of the Dreaming here is
covered in ice. The sky is usually the same slate blue and
gray as the eyes of the queen. The fae of this kingdom tend
to be a hardy, independent and unpredictable breed. This
unpredictability is increased by the queen's imminent
wedding to Duke Rococo of the Shadow Court.

Kingdom of Willows

Sullen, moody and stifling best describe this kingdom
and its cursed ruler, King Meilge of House Eiluned. The air
here seldom moves, except when is a great storm punctu-
ates the king's mad outbursts. Geographically the Willow
Kingdom extends over most of the American Southeast.
Much of the Dreaming here consists of rolling, bluegrass


hills, rich farmland, placid lakes and dismal swamps.
There are other forces at work here of late, however, and
beneath the stagnant air a great movement, sometimes
imperceptible, is boiling to the surface.

Kingdom of the White Sands

The air that envelopes this land has a sultry, almost
sensuous air to it. This strongly resembles the nature of its
ruler, Queen Morganna of House Gwydion. Morganna

s one of the most romantic, some would say decadent,

s in Concor e is also generally even tempered

and sunny in disposition. She is one of the best loved of

Concordia's monarchs and there are few rebellions in this

Kingdom, though it has a lot of trouble with pirates and
nunnehi attacks.

Kingdom of Pacifica

Ruled by Queen Aeron of House Fiona, the Kingdom
of Pacifica is a vibrant, energetic land finding its way
toward a dynamic maturity. Pacifica stretches over the
entire length of the West Coast of Concordia and varies
widely in temperament — from the Desert of Flame in the
south to the eternally mist-shrouded Forest of Sighs in the
north. The people of Pacifica also vary greatly in tempera-
ment. It is rumored that Queen Aeron is leaning toward
the Unseelie Court.

Kingdom of Grass
Like its ruler, Queen Mary Elizabeth of House Dougal,
the Kingdom of Grass is sensible, solid and deliberative.

The Dreaming here is in many ways like the geography of
the American Midwest: large open spaces and weather
patterns which vary from sunny and mild days to harsh
winters and sudden chimerical tornadoes. The fae of this
region consider themselves to be much like the human
inhabitants of this region: solid, sensible and dependable.
This is, of course, not always true. The Kingdom of Grass
covers the midwestern portion of Concordia.

Kingdom of the Rarning San

Harsh and unforgiving one minute, serene and full of
ancient beauty and wisdom the next, the Kingdom of the
Burning Sun is a perfect match for its ruler, sad-eyed Chief
Greyhawk of House Gwydion. In the Dreaming, the
Kingdom of the Burning Sun shares much of the Desert of
Flame with the Kingdom of Pacifica and the Kingdom of
the Feathered Snake. Also here may be found the Desert
of Perpetual Night, a barren and cold place filled with
hostile chimera of every description. Chief Greyhawk is
alone among the Concordian monarchs in his good rela-
tions with the nunnehi. His contacts with them are all in


the form of private reunes, however. They are attended by
only his most trusted advisors.

Kingdom of the Feathered
"

Snake

This kingdom is often mentioned with something of
a shudder by changelings from the rest of Concordia.
While nominally ruled by the troll warlord, Duke Topaz,
it is a zone of constant battle with the oldest and most
powerful nunnehi in Concordia. The lands here are wild
and untamed by the influence of Lord Topaz; many feel
that control of this region will soon be lost forever. The
terrain and the weather of this kingdom vary greatly: from
desert to steamy jungle to high mountains and rich farm-
lands. The dukedom officially covers all of Mexico, but in
reality controls only a thin section of territory along the
nation's northern and western borders.

Fiefs of Bright Paradise

The Fiefs of Bright Paradise consist of all the Carib-
bean islands (Haiti, the Dominican Republic, Jamaica,
Cuba, the Bahamas, the Florida Keys, Puerto Rico and
many islands not recorded on human maps). The Bright
Fiefs live up to their name in many ways fae. While much
of the human populace here lives in abject poverty, the fae
live lives of high adventure and stormy romance. The laws
of Concordia hold little sway here, and this is reflected in
the Dreaming, which is wild and unpredictable.

Sunny seas, tropical hurricanes and chimerical mael-
stroms come and go with great frequency. Chimerical sea
serpents and other monstrous creatures swim the seas of
the Dreaming here. Great whirlpools expose the ocean
floor, offering opportunities for adventure and treasure to
the intrepid changeling. The Dreaming here is highly
balkanized, divided among many local leaders. Such lead-
ers include several powerful nunnehi chiefs, an Unseelie
count who steals dreams from the unwary, and an eshu
pirate queen.

hapter Three: Politics




J write this letter in haste, fp set by enemies. Please forgive me fer dispensing with our
usual pleasantries. This letter and its attendant notes will speak plainly and to the point.

First, on the subject of my At apper ce over the last six tveeks.. As you obviously guessed, J was
captured by the Unseelie gon. J heard of your attempts to negotiate my release through
EQueen Aeron. J guess but to accept her explanations for letting me rot there.
fy Pacifican potitical pressures, J sup we me, but J am tired and tact eludes me. Jn any event,
J escaped Lord Vogon with the aid of a Re
in J fear ‘that Vogon survi he destruction of his freehold. Wo doubt his allies in the
hadory Court are increasing their activities. sp
J am taking sanctuary in the Sevallow's Vest, a satyr freehold and artist's colony.in Northern
acifica. J cannot stay tong, hotvever, for fear of bringing the wrath of my pursuers, run Kpon my
ost gracious satyr hosts. By the time you receive this tetter, J witl be tong gone. ‘

Ai brief note on my pursuers is in order and then J twill continue with the main portion i my Cetter,
which consists of my research of the Cast tre years. J first became aware of my gonrsuers almost tive years
ago. J ran into them first near the order betiveen the Kingdoms of Gun and Serpent. The er
in highly banat places, the most poisoned of burgess environments. They seem to feed off negat
and exhibit a bizarre array of abilities. J barely managed to escape. During my imprisonment iy
J spied tevo of these creatures meeting with him. J do not knowy what passed bettveen them

After my escape from \ogon, J returned to the Flaming Desert, in order to recover my notes, which

cere lost there. These creatures found me there and have pursued me since. J telieve them to be banat
creatures of fae ancestry. (Perhaps some form of Prodigalt) J am hard pressed to counter their porvers
with my Arts. Physically they are grotesyne, malformed teings. They remind me somervhat of the
PFomorians of antiguity, but they were not harmed by my invocation of the Moytura. J suggest further
interest te taken in these creatures.
The rest of this letter consists of notes gathered Auring ny travels. TH ey include a mixture of fact,
conjecture and flights of fancy about the creatures who 5 i Kingdom of Concordia with us.
Please forgive me if J cover some familiar ground, but Jp ese notes as J traveled. J have not
had the luxury of editing then. We Ee
J place this tetter, and as many of my notes as J.contA reepver
_ isthe Red Branch Kinight who aided mein my escape from og.
notes safely to yon. Fe will leave moments from noir, when
y rst with the datvn. J have one last task to perform
f knew of. It teads first to EQueen Laurel's tands and then hy
fetter back to you. iy gy 7
The time before Aavvn gros short and J must steep. It Jado not return, please convey my toyatty
0 the High King and my love to my daughter | "Wy

‘ands of Sir Athelred. Pe
trust him implicitly to bring these
ish this Cetter. J am leaving the
cificn, then J will travel
With luck J will beat this

Your Loyat Subject and Friend,
Lady Sierra Uy


Your Majesty,

As youknow, the above letter was discovered in the dying
hand of Sir Athelred, two weeks ago. Lady Sierra is still
missing and may be dead. The Shadow Court is on the move.
These are the facts before the Cat's Cradle.

Some of Lady Sierra's notes were evidently destroyed in
transit. I have taken the liberty of filling in the missing places
in her text with annotated passages by other authorities on the
subjects. I have also, as usual, embroidered it with observa-
tions of my own.

Your Loyal Servant,

Countess Anne

The Letters of
the Dacbhess
Sierra

On Boggans (From the
(etters of Lady Sierra)

If there is any kith that we may depend on in these
dangerous times, it is these gentle and trustworthy fae. I
spent over three weeks among them. They still observe all
the old traditions of hospitality. They extended me a
welcome worthy of any noble house. Their lodgings and
fare are plain and wholesome. They are a curious, industri-
ous people; eager to please, if you meet their (usually)
reasonable price.

Most of those I talked to support the king. They are
strongly traditional and their trade guilds thrive under
sidhe rule. The only outburst I encountered during my stay
with them was when I became overly inquisitive about
their craft methods. They do not part easily with their
secrets. Fair treatment, respect and a kind word go farther
with this kith (even the Unseelie) than anything else.

On the Esha (From the tetters
of Lady Sierra)

The eshu are more widely traveled than any other fae
people. They know secrets denied to even the sluagh.
They also travel farther into the Dreaming than most
other commoners, though not so far as we. Still, if there is
any kith that could aid us in finding Arcadia, it is they.
They are admirable in many ways. They are fiery, passion-
ate and wise — but they are also dangerous. Their travels
make them too independent and they often simply ignore
any royal edict that they find inconvenient.

Those I met were respectful of my rank, but | feel it
was only a matter of form. Many of them consider them-
selves to be "nobles of the road," answerable to only their
own strange codes. Their greatest strength and weakness
is their addiction to experience. They prize knowledge for
the experience gained in gathering it, not for its more
utilitarian purposes. They use it well, nonetheless. The
best way to befriend the eshu seems to be by sharing a
dangerous experience with them. This is their way of
bonding.

Lady Sierra's antipathy toward the nockers and their
alleged part in Dyfell's death is well-known. In the interest of
balance I am including an excerpt on them from Baron
Edgewick's history, Kith of Concordia.

On Nockers (From Professor
Edgewick's notes)
ows)

Except for, perhaps, the redcaps, the nockers are the
least popular of the changeling kith. 1 would argue that this
is predominantly because of their outward demeanor,
which is admittedly brusque. I believe that in the case of
Seelie nockers, this reputation is largely undeserved.
nockers are studiously honest in matters of their craft,
which is, after all, their main venue for dealing with other
kith.

Few other kith are as divided between their Seelie and
Unseelie natures as are the nockers. While Seelie nockers
are dour but honest, Unseelie ones are a horror. | can think
of few things more dangerous than an Unseelie nocker's
craft. | am particularly disturbed by the nobility's recent
interest in these Unseelie artisans. | advise great care in
any such transactions. Ultimately, the best way to ap-
proach a nocker is through her art.

On the Pooka (From the
(etters of Lady Sierra)

Despite their reputation for pranks and deception, I
find the pooka to be, at heart, an open and honest kith. It
is acommon misconception, however, that we sidhe are
immune to their pranks. Certainly any cantrips employed
by them toward the ends of making us look foolish are
bound to fail. They know this and rarely use their Arts
against us, instead employing more mundane trickery. I
can attest to their ingenuity in devising such pranks
through firsthand experience.

We sidhe are a tempting target for pooka trickery.
This is partially because of the challenge we represent to
them and partly because they feel we need to be "knocked
down a peg or two." If they get you dead to rights with one
of their minor pranks, the best thing to do is to laugh along

Chapter Foar: Dorld View 57


with them. It's not so hard and even monarchs do it. Do
not hesitate to punish their more churlish or damaging
. Despite their protestations to the
ooka are well aware of the risks implicit in
playing their games with the nobility. The most effective
punishments against the pooka are not too draconian and
involve an ironic twist on the original prank.

On Redcaps (From the tetters
of Lady Sierra)

Despite a recent cry to "exterminate the brutes," I
maintain that the redcaps are useful if properly approached.
They respect only one thing: s ath. If we remain true to
our nature and command (rather than appease) them,
they will not become a major problem for us. Beware
treachery, however. Most of them have little honor. Ev
the Red Branch Knights have special conditions govern-
ing the sparing of surrendering redcaps. Their "Hell Night"
festivities, every Samhain Eve, are despicable orgies o
violence and must be stopped.

On Satyrs From the letters
of Lady Sierra)
creatures, misunderstood as worthless hedo-
: fae at large. Satyrs are far more complex than
they are given credit for being. Their carnal excesses are,
to be sure, a major portion of their character, but they also
have a scholarly, introspective side, which is often over-
looked. Although they deny it, they are far more fascinated
by the sidhe than by any other kith. This fascination can
be very useful to us, though it is admittedly not without its
sks. Satyrs can be very possessive. Satyrs are also highly
sentimental and usually have good intentions, though
their passions often override all other considerations
Meetings of their tragos are glorious, frenzied affairs,
capable of temporarily lifting the pall of Banality from the
fae heart. They are worth knowing for far more many
reasons than the usual "tryst or two" cited by many sidhe.

On Staagh (From the (etters
of Lady Sierra)

They appeared from nowhere and could have slit my
throat, if such was their intention. They are jealous in
guarding their subterranean layers and have many allies
there. I believe they have far more contacts among the
Gallain Prodigals than they admit. Perhaps the most
deadly thing about them are their divided loyalties. The
line between the two courts is blurred for them. I fear that
even they do not always know which court they serve.
They are far more dangerous to us than anyone realiz

Shining Ho


Treat them with guarded respect and take nothing for
granted when dealing with them. Despite the secrets that
they keep from us, we have just as many from them,
especially in our knowledge of the Dreaming. They have
shown an indecent interest in our secrets — we must sell
them dearly when dealing with this kith.

Lady Sierra makes little mention of trolls in her text. It is
possible that they were in the portion destroyed on the road.
Baron Edgewick gave an interesting speech concerning them in
a closed sidhe court last night. Enclosed is an excerpt. Pretty
bold talk from our timid scholar friend, no?

On Trotls From Professor
Edgewick's notes)

Whether as our foe (as during the Resurgence) or
more recently as our allies, the trolls have proved them-
selves the most honorable of Kithain. They are more like
us than even they realize and our fate is more tied to theirs
than with any other kith. They show great loyalty in
council and in battle. I would remind many of my sidhe
colleagues in the Parliament that their aid was particularly
needed in the Greens Rebellion of the late 1980s.

I am dismayed by the recent attempts of the "tradi-
tionalists" among us, who have recently worked to under
cut the trolls' traditional system of chieftains. If we persist
in our arrogant disrespect of their sacred customs, I fear
that we will drive them straight into the service of the
Shadow Court. I am sure they will be very welcome there.

It is time for the sidhe to forget the long shadow of the
4th Troll Commons Infantry and Dyfell's death. The
recent "Troll Assimilation Proclamation" (an obvious
euphemism for the theft of troll fiefs), made by Dray and
his ilk, is a stain on the honor of all sidhe. I will fight it in
Parliament with my last dying breath.

Itlooks like the Beltaine Blade has been busy. I suggest we
support any moves the Parliamentary moderates make to stop
Dray. With luck, some troll will sit on him. This finishes the
Kithain portion of our tour, but as you know, Lady Sierra was
investigating other groups during her taking of the Concordian
pulse.

The Gatlain

On the Nannehi (From the
(etters of Lady Sierra)

I lost two of my retainers during my attempt to speak
with the nunnehi. Perhaps some of their kind are less
unfriendly toward us, but obviously I advise caution. The
only consolation in the whole affair is that the Shadow
Court ambassador was found dead. Their luck with the

Nunnehi was obviously even worse than ours. If we are to
have any luck dealing with them, I suggest continued
negotiations with Chief Greyhawk.

On the Inanimae (From the
(etters of Lady Sierra)

The inanimae were Kithain once, but no longer. Each
inanimus must be dealt with on an individual basis. Use
caution, but try to communicate with them whenever
possible. Some are dangerous, while others are friendly.
Many of them are far more afraid of us than we are of them.
Some clearly have fallen under the sway of the Shadow
Court, while others are friendly toward our overtures.
Most, however, showed little interest in the growing
conflict between the two courts. The Mannequin People
have ceremonies that match ours for depth and complex-
ity. The golems are slow to anger, but fearsome warriors
when roused. The most difficult of the inanimae to com-
municate with are the Ignis Fatuus (known more commonly
as will o' the wisps, or vulgarly as "foobars")., These
creatures of foolish fire (also called electricity) are some-
times allied with the nockers. There are doubtless many
other types of inanimae yet to be discovered.

lagree. There are rumors that the boys in the Glass Circle
have information on several inanimae races. I'll see what I can

find out.

On the Nymphs From the
(etters of Lady Sierra)

These female spirits of river, glade and breeze are
strong potential allies to either side in the coming conflict.
They seem to be divided in their sympathies to the two
courts, though most of them seem to be allied with the
Seelie Court. When dealing with them, always remember
to invoke the ancient pacts made between them and the

sidhe.

The Prodigats

On the Children of Lilith
(From the tetters of Lady
Sierra

It is nice to see that some things don't change. The
vampires continue their games of old, as though we never
left. Isuppose I shouldn't jest, but they are our only "living"
link to the time before the Shattering. Blood, both good
and bad, passed between us in days of yore. We passed out
of time and memory for 600 of their years. Their games
have become, if anything, all the more bloody in that time.

Chapter Poar: Morld View 59


Vampires whom we knew as neonates are now ancient and
so weighted with Banality that it is painful to stand near
them. There are a few, however, who remember our old
alliances. To the Malkavians we might as well have never
left. The Toreador Prince of Paris, Villon, is also friendly
to the fae, though he takes no side in the conflict between
our two camps. While we still know these elders, there is
a younger generation of vampires who do not remember
us. Perhaps the common kith know more about them.
There is a commoner myth that the Kindred are somehow
descendants of a blood-mad redcap. This assertion is so
ridiculous on the face of it, I normally would not mention
it, except that it has somehow gained great currency
among the common kith.

On the Garou (From the
Letters of Lady Sierra)

If the Kindred are virtually unchanged since the
Shattering, the opposite is true of the shapeshifters called
the Garou. In many ways they degenerated during our
absence. While always ferocious, there is a desperation to
their actions today that was not there in centuries past.
Some are friendly toward the common kith, but few, ifany,
know of us. Yet in many ways, their fears are our fears. The
same forces that spread Banality through the world and
make it so inhospitable to us are also behind the Garou's
decline.

At least the Garou are not inherently hostile toward
us as they are toward the Kindred. Despite the initial
problems involved in reestablishing contact with them, I
highly recommend that the effort be made. I fully support
the recent contacts made with the Fianna tribe. We have
many old pacts with them and I am optimistic at our
chance for success.

On Wizards From the (etters
of Lady Sierra)

Human wizards battle each other to reshape this
world in their image. Some are our allies of old, but many
others manipulate the human masses, filling the world
with cold, gray Banality. It is asserted that there isa hidden
enclave of sorcerers whose sole trade is in Banality. If true,
they are more dangerous to all fae than any other source.
It is further maintained that they are hostile to several of
the common kith. If this is indeed the case, we of the
nobility have a sacred responsibility to put an end to their
perfidy. I urge a cautious, but thorough investigation into
these merchants of Banality.

Our closest allies among the wizards of old were the
Verbena and the Dreamspeakers. With the aid of the
satyrs, we have reestablished many of our old ties with
them both since the Resurgence. It is vitally important
that we continue to reweave the fabric of these historically
important alliances.

Not surprisingly, there was nothing by Lady Sierra on
ghosts. Enclosed is the most germane passage I could find on
them. It is from the notes of the Crystal Circle conjurer, Duke
Guile. From the tone of this passage, I can not be sure whether
this treatise on spirits is serious or meant as a red herring. Still,
if any of our kind have concourse with ghosts, it is the Crystal
Circle. I got this letter by chance and include it for its
intellectual curiosity more than anything else. I suggest we
continue our efforts to ally ourselves with the Crystal Circle.

On Ghosts (From the memoirs
of Lord Gaile)

Humans experience the termination of their physical
existence in a very different manner than the fae. It is
generally well accepted that the commoner kith are "rein-
carnated," shunted up the karmic wheel, so to speak. I
know what happens to the sidhe when they die, but
nobody's offered me enough stuff to spill the beans. Some
humans, however, turn into ghosts. Forget the traditional
image of solitary wraiths haunting a single location. While
this image may have some validity, the majority of ghosts
are every bit as militant and hierarchical as they were
whenalive. There'sa lot of politicking going on among the
dead. These affairs are their own and best steered clear of
by our kind. The borders between Earth and the
Shadowlands are not as thin as they were before the
Sundering, but they are thinning. The barriers are demon-
strably at their thinnest on Samhain Eve.

Although the Cat's Cradle currently finds itself at odds
with the Shadow Court, we must remain cognizant of our
original quest: the unification of all fae, regardless of court,
kith or seeming. While Lady Sierra makes some good points
about them, she is also militantly Seelie in her outlook. Bear
in mind that she just escaped imprisonment by an Unseelie
noble. Her comments are clearly colored by that encounter, as
well as by her relationship with the late Lord Dyfell. We must
retain a sense of balance when dealing with the Shadow Court.
Remember, there are contributing members of the Unseelie
Court (including yours truly) in the Cat's Cradle.


On the Shadow Coart
(From the (etters of
Lady Sierra)

While technically at peace with the Shadow Court, I
have noticed a recent, disturbing pattern of treachery by
"parties unknown" against Seelie interests. This pattern
includes such now-infamous incidents as the Hell Night
Riots, the assassination attempt against Queen Laurel and
the highly embarrassing Impetigo Incident. While noth-
ing is proved, these incidents and many more have the
markings of the Shadow Court all over them. We of the
Seelie Court never made peace with the Shadow Court as
the common kith were forced to do during the Interregnum.
1 fear that they may be trying to influence the commoners
against us. There is also evidence that they have an
unwholesome alliance with the vampire clique known as
the Sabbat.

It must be remembered that the Shadow Court prob-
ably encounters many of the same problems reestablishing
their ties with the Unseelie commoners that we have to
the Seelie. (Unseelie commoners are a willful and antiau-
thoritarian breed.) Ultimately, if the fae are to survive, we
must end this internecine struggle between the courts, but
it must be on Seelie terms. I only fear that the Shadow
Court feels much the same way.

On the Lost Ones
(From the letters of
Lady Sierra)

Are they poor, pitiful changelings, sundered from the
main body of the Dreaming? Or are they mad gods of their
own, private universes? My only personal experience with
aLost One was disturbing in the extreme. It still haunts my
dreams. The Lost Ones lie in wait to ensnare our kind:
feeding upon our Glamour, our dreams and ultimately our
lives. They are masters of guile and trickery. Although
they are powerless beyond the borders of their private
freeholds, they are known to employ agents.

The Lost One I encountered first appeared as a lost,
human girl-child. She contrived to keep me in her realm
until night, the time of their greatest power. A profound
ennui fell over me and I felt my life ebbing away. When she
at last revealed her true nature, I was powerless to resist
her. Only the timely intervention of Count Chronos
saved my life. Perhaps some Lost Ones are benign, but I
have heard no account of them to support this hope.
Beware.


On the Sons of Adam
and Daughters of Eve
(From the letters of
Lady Sierra)

I have traveled much of Concordia, that which the
humans call North America. I am consistently, and often
pleasantly, surprised by the nature of humanity. Perhaps
humanity has changed fundamentally in the years since
the Sundering, or perhaps I have at last acquired the
common touch. (I must confess that | had little inter-
course with humanity before the Twilight Time.) True,
they are often childish, brutish and cruel, but they also
carry within them the seeds of greatness. Their beliefs, en
masse , are responsible for the horrific state of Banality in
this world, but this is not their natural state. Cast your
mind back to the time before the Sundering if you can,
back to when there was great love between our peoples, It
has long been my position that the great bulk of humanity
is manipulated by hidden forces. These Hidden Ones are
bent on making the world as inhospitable for our kind as
possible.

When encountered individually, I find most humans
to be honest, loving and decent: the virtues that we of the
Seelie Court find most virtuous in ourselves. There is a
hardness to them, however, for the world they live in is
harsh. They kill each other in greater numbers every year.
If the Cat's Cradle accomplishes nothing else, it should
strive to aid humanity in finding its way back to its true
nature.

Your Majesty, I hope you will permit me a brief diatribe
on this subject.

I find many of Lady Sierra's references to humanity to be
overly romantic. Lady Sierra is known to be something of a
humanophile. We must deal with humans realistically, as
opposed to seeing them in the ideal terms that Lady Sierra does.
Unlike Lady Sierra, few of us remember the Age of Legends.

On the Fomorians
(From the (etters of
Lady Sierra)

As instructed, I have been searching for any sign, no
matter how faint, of Fomorian activity. | believe | have
found some. The creatures, that I discovered at the border
‘twixt Sun and Serpent greatly resemble the Fomorians of
old. They are hideous beasts, worse than any chimera.

e

a
ty

\

(


They seem to congregate in the worst places in human
society: places where the ground is poisoned and the air
lies black. Iam not sure that they are responsible for the
destruction of those three freeholds, but it seems likely.
Although their powers are fantastic, they are heavily
laden with Banality. My Arts were greatly reduced in
effectiveness against them. Fortunately, many of them
seemed to be dull-minded. If these are the Fomorians of
past ages, they have lost much of themselves in recent
times. They seemed to be allied with Count Vogon, as well
as a pack of dark-hearted Garou and some human "corpo-
rations." I theorize that they are also weaving an alliance
with the Shadow Court.

I agree with almost everything that Lady Sierra says on
the Fomorians, except the last items. The Shadow Court is as
afraid of these guys as we are.

Sidhe
Perceptions

There are two major factors which distinguish the
sidhe from all the other fae. These are their impaired
memories and their strange sense of time.

Memory

Although they seem confident, serene and even arro-
gant to the common fae, the sidhe bear a great and
injurious scar. The period between the Shattering's apex
(approximately AD 1349, the height of the Black Plague)
and the Resurgence (1969), 620 years, are erased from the
sidhe's collective memory. In comparison they have had
only a few decades. to reconstruct their entire lives in a
world that is changed and hostile. Some of them adapt
remarkably well, while others are emotional cripples in
some respects. Asa rule childlings and wilders adapt better
than grumps. Grumps, however, often have a serenity (see
Time, below) that allows them to transcend this lack of
memory. Graybeards and Grandams form the bedrock of
sidhe society on Earth. .

When Magellan burned his ships behind him to urge
his men onward, he unknowingly mirrored what the
Twilight Times did to the sidhe. The sidhe are in many
ways a tabula rasa. Since they cannot go back, they must
go forward. In many ways their lost memories have brought
out the best in them. Some even consider their exile from
Arcadia as a good thing. There are many other, less
benign, effects as well. First among them is their glaring
unfamiliarity with the modern world. The alien nature of
the earthscape is a constant and often frightening chal-

lenge to them. It is greatly to their credit that they have
succeeded in so many ways.

Almost all sidhe have a deep, abiding desire to return
to Arcadia, which they consider their rightful place. Yet
none can remember it in any detail. Arcadia is like a fond,
but rapidly fading dream. This desire obsesses some sidhe
to the point of madness. There is some real anger felt by
these imperious nobles. Their anger is primarily directed
toward the remaining houses in Arcadia (whom they
blame for their exile).

.
‘Time

The sidhe's relationship to time is unique in the
World of Darkness. Time, as a quantifiable, linear phe-
nomenon eludes the sidhe as a concept. The sidhe are
more aware of every moment of their existence than any
human, yet at the same time they relive the past. The sidhe
have an unfocused air about them and are sometimes hard
pressed to address imminent issues in the "real world." Past
events crash in upon their psyche. They often cannot
distinguish these memories (far more real and immediate
than any human memory) from the present. This is espe-
cially true of sidhe who do not have the Ability: Temporal
Sense (see Chapter Five). Sidhe without this Ability have
a difficult time distinguishing past from present. While
this disadvantage doesn't cause any penalties in game
terms, it should be roleplayed.

The sidhe's unique perception of time is of great aid
tothem in rebuilding their lost history. Without a past, the
sidhe are forced to reconstruct their history, legends and
traditions whole cloth. Since the Resurgence the sidhe
have lived through several distinct eras, each lasting no
more than a few years. Often, when the sidhe talk about a
relatively recent event, they speak of it with the reverent
tones usually reserved for ancient history. An occurrence
like Duke Asterlan's disappearance in 1976, for example,
is already a part of sidhe mythology. This telescoping of
time allows the sidhe a sense of history where there was
none before. Tradition is hugely important to the sidhe,
who would be greatly diminished in spirit without it.

As a rule, time for humans accelerates as they grow
older. The sidhe are the exact opposite in this regard. More
than anything, they have the time sense ofa child, yet they
are immortal. A sidhe often sees the morning, noon and
night of the same day as different eras. Commoners often
remark that the sidhe's greatest nostalgia is for breakfast.
This truism is, in many ways, accurate. As night falls a
sidhe may be painfully nostalgic about a just lived glorious
midafternoon. They feel this more deeply than any human
or common kith, because they live in all moments, past
and present, at once.

Chapter Foar: World View 63


The time discrepancies experienced by the sidhe are
not measurable by any science known to humanity. The
mage Sphere of Time may allow the mage some insights
into the sidhe condition, but even it encounters great
obstacles in discerning this time paradox. (The mage
Time Sphere operates in a completely different paradigm
than the sidhe's.) Most commoners consider the sidhe's
temporal nature to be a psychological condition more
than anything else. Often they read it as aloofness or
aristocratic boredom. Some know better, however. The
Chronos Art was lost to all but a handful of commoners
during the Interregnum. Even now, any commoner who
wishes to learn this Art is usually compelled to seek out a
sidhe teacher. Many sluagh have an obsession with ob-
taining this Art.

The sidhe's perception of time colors their every
action. If a sidhe acts, or doesn't act, in a certain manner,
it is in large measure because of their relationship with it.
Although many sidhe are disinterested in humanity, there
is great curiosity about humanity's theories and perception
of time. Some sidhe have greatly expanded their knowl-
edge of time's doings by reading treatises on the subject
written by human scientists and philosophers. Some of
these have practical applications to wielding the Art of
Chronos.

Asa culture, the sidhe are also affected by their time
sense. Many have learned to make time their servant,
hence their spectacular successes in reasserting their au-
thority since the Resurgence. Their ability to manipulate
time gives them a great advantage over the other kith. It
is a jealously guarded secret by most sidhe and there are
laws regulating under what circumstances it may be taught.
Sidhe of the Shadow Court also possess these secrets and
are every bit as wary of teaching them to commoners.

Imagine a hodgepodge between the ancient Egyptian
and Indian concepts of time, add a sprinkling of Relativity
and you have a rough idea of the sidhe's philosophy of
time. The turning of the eternally reoccurring Seasons
(also observed by the commoners) is analogous to the
Indian concept (and the Entropic Big Bang model) of the
universe as something which destroys and recreates itself.
Like the ancient Egyptians, however, most sidhe have a
very serene, unhurried view of time.

Unfortunately, not all sidhe can readily control their
relationship to time. Unless the sidhe has at least one level
in Temporal Sense, she is buffeted about by her natural
state, unable to manage time effectively in any but the
most limited fashion. Only sidhe with the Chronos Art are
able to manipulate it actively.

Coartly (and not-so-
coartly) Love

The sidhe, like all fae, are an inherently romantic
people. They feel love (or its absence) far more profoundly
than most humans ever do. It is at once their crowning
glory and their greatest weakness. It is the foundation of all
that is good in them, yet it can also drive them to madness
and perdition. Love among the fae nobility is highly
ritualized, with a thousand years' tradition behind it, yet it
is no less passionate for all of that.

Much of the sidhe's time and energy is spent in the
contemplation of love. The formalized structure of sidhe
courtship, with its hundreds of prohibitions and bylaws, is
often criticized as "passionless" by outsiders. What they
fail to realize is that sidhe passion is so powerful and
elemental that a romantic framework is required, lest the
sidhe lose all their moorings in a maelstrom of passion.
(Some sidhe reject all structure. See Cerenaics, below.)
The formalized element of noble romance also adds con-
siderably to the experience of love, building a sense of
suspense and desire before more physical encounters take
place. Certain romantic taboos also guard against the
darker aspects of fae love.

A review of sidhe literature, poetry and song reveals
a preoccupation with romance unmatched by any kith,
except for the satyrs (and perhaps the eshu). Noble free-
holds are extremely conducive to romance. The court of a
romantic sidhe is filled with delicate melodies, warm
amber light, and smells and tastes to tempt and excite the
sensual pallet. House Fiona is especially romantic in
character. With its natural predilections for the common
kith, Fiona courts are multikith affairs, brimming over
with life and love (and court intrigue). In the game of love,
those of House Fiona are unparalleled.

Romantic
Legacies

In addition to their court Legacies, many fae possess
strong romantic personalities. These are also divided among
the fae's Seelie and Unseelie predilections. As is the case
with court Legacies, Romantic Legacies predominate with
the changeling's court affiliation. Characters have both a
Primary and a Secondary Romantic Legacy. Not all fae
have Romantic Legacies, just ones who allow romance to
play an active roll in their lives. Romantic Legacies are
complementary to court Legacies, though in some cases
they may override them.


Seetie Romantic
Legacies

Empath: You are highly sensitive to the moods,
wishes and desires of your paramour. If she isn't happy,
neither are you.

Friend: Love is not just a romantic emotion. If a
relationship doesn't have mutual respect and friendship at
its core, it is not true love.

Ingenue: Somewhat naive and wide-eyed, you still
see only the wonder and good side of love. Most fae usually
pass out of this legacy as they grow older, but not always.

Jongleur: You like to keep your lovers (and yourself)
entertained. Love is the greatest joy and should be enjoyed
to its fullest.

Protector: Your love is true and you desire to protect
him from all the ills of the world. This Legacy is born of
noble intentions, but can be suffocating.

Romantic: Like the Ingenue, but more worldly and
experienced. You are often more interested in the idea of
being in love than with love itself.

Unseetie Romantic
Legacies

Climber: Love is a method by which you may gain
power and status. Potential lovers are just rungs on a ladder.

Competitor: You are a romantic Olympian. You
judge others by the quality of their consorts and you know
they judge you by the same standards. You must be the
world's greatest lover, or what's the point?

Cynic: Jaded and world-weary, you often continue in
your romantic overtures out of habit or fear of being alone.
You have lowered your sights because you know "true
love" can only be found in fairy tales.

Deceiver: Inherently selfish and callous, love must
suit your whims. You realize that most people do not wish
for love on these terms, so you disguise your true nature.

Martyr: I work so hard to make this relationship
work and what do I get in return? Heartache! I didn't
expect you to understand.

Gamester: Love is a grand game, full of danger and
excitement. You may have one partner or many, but the
affair must be constantly challenging and in motion.

Spy: Court gossip and intrigue are your meat and drink.
Part Climber and part Deceiver, you are interested only in
being the best informed about who is doing what to whom.

Chapter Four: World View


The Romanticists

Steer your life by these stars

On the unconditional chance

‘Tis here where Hell and Heaven dance

This is the constellation of the heart

— Kate Bush, "Constellation of the Heart"

Orders of the Heart

Romance is a major part of Kithain life. Indeed, several
romantic orders exist to further the cause of love and
romance in a world that is, in many ways, devoid of these
qualities. The methods and agendas of these Romanticist
organizations (some are more philosophies than actual orga-
nizations) vary wildly. Adherents of these groups often have
highly specialized cantrips that allow them to further their
desires. (There are even rumors of secret Arts possessed
solely by these groups.) Below is a brief description of three
such cliques, though there are others.

Order of Shatlot

Embodying many of the noblest aspects of pure love,
this philosophy is, nonetheless, the most tragic of the Ro-
manticist orders. The Order of Shallot (a poetic rather than
apractical creation) personifies love unobtained. The Order

of Shallot is something of a cruel joke among some fae
(especially commoners) who often ridicule them as lugubri-
oussad sacks. (Sad-eyed knights and weepy poets are favorite
stereotypes of this order.) Indeed, it often seems that those of
this order are doomed to forever search, yet never obtain,
that which they are looking for. This is because they pursue
the most elusive state of all — true love. Despite the caustic
humor aimed at this order, many fae are secretly jealous of
the depth of their emotion. Many of this philosophy never
find what they are searching for. Some become cynical or
end up as Cerenaics (see below). Others even pine away
completely, becoming Bean sidhe (or Banshee, see Chapter
Six). Those who do ultimately obtain their worthy goal,
however, are like shining stars in a world grown dark and
cold. Red Branch Knights are often of this bent.

Cerenaics

Sensualists of the highest order, Cerenaics are hungry
for any type of stimulus. A large percentage of these fae (but
byno meansall) are Unseelie. Cerenaics are widely varied in
their predilections. Some are delightful, maddeningly cre-
ative individuals, while others are debauched or even sadistic.
The darker side of fae love is often embodied in these Kithain
and some of them are extraordinarily dangerous. Most

Cerenaicsare sidhe orsatyrs but there are others. (A Cerenaic
redcap is a truly disgusting proposition.) Noble Cerenaics
(especially Unseelie ones) are known to abuse their power
on occasion. Cerenaics are also highly prone to seeking
romantic encounters outside of the Kithain. Many of the
prohibitions in Courtly Love are aimed at curbing the
excesses of this philosophy. Queen Morganna, of the King-
dom of White Sands, is an example of a benign Cerenaic.

Ascetics

The polar opposite of the Cerenaics, fae of this bent
are overbrimming with the emotion of love, yet this love
is rarely aimed at any one target for long. Ascetic love is
not necessarily romantic in nature, but more universal in
its calling. Indeed, many of this philosophy never physi-
cally consummate the act of love. (Though abstinence is
not necessarily total.) Ascetics can be spotted by their firm
optimism, powerful energy and good works. Energy that
may be dissipated in other pursuits is instead aimed at
improving the world. Although most Ascetics are very
disciplined in their own comportment, few of them mor-
alize or criticize the habits of other fae. While Ascetics are
generally well liked, some wags infer that their celibate
lifestyle has driven them insane. (Some are tightly wound.)
These detractors generally try to liken them to the Inqui-
sition, though this charge has little validity. Lady Sierra is
the quintessential Ascetic.

Sex

The act of making love among the fae is a varied and
pleasurable pursuit. The nobility, untethered from human
prohibitions for over 600 years, are especially free of
human sexual taboos. Lovemaking between fae may be
traditional or experimental. Some sexual encounters
amongst the sidhe are comparatively chaste in appearance
(though appearances can be deceiving), while others are
truly alien and bizarre to most human eyes.

Due to their relationship with time, sidhe lovers are
usually very much "in syne" with each other. Fae of all kith
may use their Arts to heighten both the emotional and the
physical act of love. The act of love may be carried on at
many levels at once. Two changelings who seem (to outside
eyes) to be merely facing each other, perhaps holding hands
or stroking each other's cheek, may in reality be exploring
unbounded realms of pleasure. Partners in the act of love
making combine cantrips to weave dream tapestries of
sensation. The level of pleasure enjoyed in these encounters
is undreamed of by humans (or by most Prodigals).


oY
y
On Satyrs

Moth to the flame.

Who is to blame?

— Rustin Quaide, "Brother Life and Sister
Death"

Of all the commoner kith, the sidhe have the
most romantic encounters with the satyrs (and vice
versa). Despite their many readily apparent differ-
ences, the two kith have a unique (and sometimes
overpowering) attraction for each other. Most sidhe
find satyrs to be both strangely repelling and com-
pelling. Many satyrs, on the other hand, are both
aesthetically and emotionally attracted to the sidhe.
Both kiths often deny this dangerous, star-crossed
attraction. There is a strong "moth to the flame"
element in this love affair and many of these two
kith end up burnt by it.

Satyrs are widely considered to be the only kith
more romantic in outlook than the sidhe.

ee Morpheas Sabinis

Despite their open minds regarding romance, certain
acts are still taboo amongst the fae. First and foremost
among these is the crime of Morpheus Sabinis (commonly
known as Dream-Rape). Although this act is abhorrent to
most fae, it is, at times, still practiced. Through a combi-
nation of Arts (most notably Chicanery, Chronos and
Dream-Craft) an unscrupulous faerie can obfuscate a
victim's sense of reality, making it conform to his (or her)
own wishes. The malignant fae can then manipulate the
victim for his own gratification. Victims of this crime
rarely recover completely. This horror is rarely practiced
by Seelie fae and even much of the Unseelie Court frowns
upon it. The Seelie Court has several strict laws against
this crime. These prohibitions also include its use against
humans.

Arranged Marriages

Arranged marriages are relatively common among
the five noble houses of the sidhe. These marriages are
usually arranged to cement treaties between the houses.
Many commoners look askance at this "archaic" tradition,
but even they must admit that it is successful at promoting

67


stability among the nobility. The practice is slowly gaining
popularity among certain common kith. The vast majority
of arranged marriages take place among Seelie houses.
There are, however, several strategic marriages between
the Seelie and Unseelie Courts (see entry on Queen Laurel
in Chapter Seven). It is an interesting footnote that,
unlike arranged marriages in human history, many fae
marriages of this nature are quite successful from both a
political and marital standpoint.

Cross-Cattaral Romances

The vast majority of noble romances take place within
the noble power structure. Occasionally, however, anoble
leaves the carefully drawn borders set by tradition and
loves an outsider. This is often frowned upon, not just for
proprietary considerations (sidhe are very class-conscious),
but because of the great dangers inherent in such affairs.
Still, sometimes a noble will risk societal censure, danger
and even death for the sake of love.

Common Kith

Aside from sporadic, torrid affairs with the satyrs (see
above), the sidhe very rarely engage in love affairs with the
common kith. The reasons for this are many, and some-
times not too pretty. Many sidhe, in their heart of hearts,
consider themselves to be superior to the common kith.
Anaffair with acommoner will often (though not always)
reduce a sidhe's standing in the noble community. This
prejudice is also shared by many commoners, who distrust
sidhe motives. Commoners who "marry upward" are often
ridiculed as social climbers, or worse. (There is some
jealousy involved here.) Despite this, sometimes a love of
epic proportions may blossom between the classes. Ironi-
cally, it is often easier for the sidhe to violate noble
strictures than it is for commoners to break this taboo.
Commoner stories are filled with examples of commoners
who fall in love with a sidhe, only to meet a horrible (and
well deserved) end. This mythology is particularly en-
forced by female grump commoners.

As individuals, many commoners are hard pressed to
resist the advances of a sidhe suitor. The beauty and
glamour of such suitors are often overwhelming to most
commoners, who are often swept off their feet. While
many such advances are genuine, some are merely flings
for the sidhe suitor. Some sidhe (especially Cerenaics)
consider it a thrill to go romantically "slumming" among
the commoners. Many a commoner heart is broken in
these trysts. Only the satyrs have a greater record at this.
Sometimes the reverse situation occurs and a sidhe noble
is crushed by the callousness of a commoner love. Next to

68 Nobles: The Shining Host

the satyrs, the eshu are the most usual recipients of sidhe
attraction (followed distantly by trolls and pooka).

Mamans

Both human and fae lore are filled with tragic ex-
amples of love affairs between humans and the fae. From
the Lady of Shallot's unfulfilled love for Sir Lancelot, to
the dangers of the Ganconer (see below) and the Melusines,
the dangers of such dalliances are told in great detail. The
dangers inherent in such affairs affect both Kithain and
burgess alike. For the fae (especially sidhe) the danger of
acquiring unwanted Banality through immersion in the
human world is great. There are tales of changelings
visiting their in-laws' house, never to return. For the
human, the risk is even greater. Humans are compara-
tively fragile creatures. A love affair with a supernatural
creature, such as a changeling, is dangerous in many ways.
Enemies of a changeling may attempt to harm or manipu-
late her human lover to get at her. Far more dangerous to
most humans is the danger to their psyche posed by
exposure to the Dreaming. Many humans are driven mad
by its revelation. On rare occasions, however, a love
between fae and human works, to the betterment of both
parties.

Prodigats

Of all sidhe affairs, the rarest are those with the
Prodigals. There are strict laws forbidding such contacts in
both the Seelie and the Unseelie Courts, due to the
dangers posed by such encounters. The risk involved in
these love affairs is not exaggerated and they rarely end up
in anything besides complete disaster for both parties.

Kindred: Vampires (especially older ones) are heavily
laden with Banality. Their very presence can be painful to
the fae, especially to the sidhe, who are so vulnerable to it.
The sidhe nobility still has old contacts with some elder
vampires (from before the Interregnum), but has little
contact with the younger generation. A love affair be-
tween a sidhe noble and a vampire would be a tempting
target for political manipulation by both sides.

Garou: Although rare, changeling affairs with the
Garou are still more common than affairs with any other
kind of prodigal. The sidhe nobility is attempting to
reinvigorate their ancient pacts with the Garou. Sidhe
attendance at Garou moots is slowly increasing, thus
leading to some interesting dalliances. Encounters be-
tween such lovers often tend to be whirlwind affairs:
powerful, but short lived. The majority of sidhe contacts
with the Garou are through the Fianna tribe. Most Garou
are devoid of Banality.


Mages: Affairs with human mages are perhaps the
most dangerous of all, because of the threat posed by the
Technocracy. Commoner fae long ago learned the dangers
implicit in such affairs, but the sidhe have yet to learn any
hard lessons. The mages most commonly approached
romantically by the fae are the Verbena and the
Dreamspeakers. There are also several legendary affairs
between Cerenaics and Cult of Ecstasy mages. Unfortu-
nately, even brief encounters with such mages increases
the likelihood of Technocracy involvement.

Wraiths: From a purely logistical standpoint, roman-
tic liaisons between fae and wraith are highly unlikely.
There are several unconfirmed stories of such affairs, but
they are exceedingly rare. Such stories usually end up with
the fae pining away to oblivion, to join her dead love.
Some say that Banshees are created in such a fashion.

Creatares of Love

Several dangerous creatures are created by (or prey
upon) the emotions of fae love. Two of the better known
creatures of this nature are the Ganconer (a.k.a. the Gean-
cannah, or Love-Talker) and the Bean Sidhe (Banshee).
Both are covered at greater length in the Storyteller
section.

Ganconer: The Ganconer is a malignant creature of
the Dreaming. It is chimerical in aspect, but is adept at

clothing itself in fair faerie (often sidhe or satyr) form. The
Ganconer preys sexually on humans and fae alike. It is said
that their caress brings death.

Bean Sidhe: The Bean Sidhe are mournful creatures
who were once sidhe. Not all of them are malignant, but
affairs with them are dangerous nevertheless. It is said that
they exist somewhere between the Dreaming and the
realms of the dead. The appearance of a Banshee is usually
considered an ill omen.

Preternataral Beaaty

The sidhe are perhaps the most beautiful creatures in
the World of Darkness. In game terms, they receive an
additional two points of Appearance, even if this raises
their total above the human maximum of 5, Few people
appreciate what this really means. Imagine the most
beautiful person you have ever seen. Now imagine what it
would be like if their beauty insinuated itself into your
heart and soul every time they were around. That is how
most humans react to an Appearance of 6 or more. Even
the most numb of humans become elevated in the pres-
ence of such beauty. It isa beauty that can raise the soul to
great heights, inspiring works of poetry, honor and love—
or it can kill.


A sidhe character with an appearance of 6 or 7 (some
have even more — see entry on Queen Laurel in Chapter
Seven) is not "merely" breath takingly beautiful. Few
individuals, human or fae, are able to grasp an attribute
above the allowed human maximum of 5. A person with
a5 Intelligence is as hard pressed to fathom the mind of a
person with 6 as a person with an Intelligence of 1 would
be to fathom the person with 5. (This is why vampire elders
are so dangerous.) The sidhe are well aware of how useful
their beauty can be, and often use it as a powerful weapon.
There is also a downside, however. An appearance of 6 or
more can also inspire powerful negative emotions (posses-
siveness, jealousy, etc.).

Few creatures in the World of Darkness can compare
with the sidhe in beauty. Several vampire elders and,
perhaps, the fomor Enticers (see the Werewolf books:
Book of the Wyrm and Project Twilight) are among the
few who can. Creatures with such legendary beauty often
become, slowly, aware of each other. They often circle
each other like sharks. Beauty comes more easily to the
sidhe than to any of the above groups. Numerically the
sidhe have far more collective beauty than all of the above
groups put together. Some Prodigals view this rapturously.

The vampire Prince of Paris, Villon, and his daughter are
strong allies of the sidhe. Other Prodigals consider the
sidhe a threat. This list includes Madame Paris, the CEO
of Siren cosmetics.

Romantic Theater

L
(or: Dhat are the beaatifal
people doing this season?)

To the sidhe, love is often a high-risk game, filled
with danger, passion and high theater. Nobody does
pageantry like the sidhe nobility. Their chimerical
freeholds are enchanted wonderlands. To get a general
idea of what they're like, watch Kenneth Branaugh's
version of Much Ado about Nothing (in peace time), or
Akira Kurasawa's Ran (at war). The sidhe have a high
sense of fashion and theater. Romantic trysts often
reach near-epic proportions amongst them. Games,
both dangerous and comedic, are played out regularly
in sidhe society. These games are many-tiered, highly
complex affairs that may involve everyone from the
king to the downstairs maid. Most commoners know to


get out of the way when these games start, but some-
times they join in.

This high Romantic Theater is not planned by the
sidhe, but generates spontaneously. There are always low-
level games going on among them, but occasionally a
high-level drama explodes in their midst. While dazzling
in their scope and glamour (Glamour), these episodes can
be highly dangerous. Kingdoms can fall in these legendary
dramas.

If the Storyteller wishes to run one, she should plan it
well in advance. They should be sweeping dramas (or
comedies, or tragedies) that cut across many levels of fae
society. These pageants should have recognizable theatri-
cal types. Heroes and villains, both high and petty, should
play out their roles with swagger and bravado. High lords
and ladies play out their roles with wit and nobility.
Greater dramas also drag in most of the commoner kith in
the area.



hs

0

J
y,
S
¥
J
y
y

"yr

This chapter includes a brief description of how to
build a noble character, as well as new Abilities, Back-
grounds, Arts and Bunks. There is also an entry on House
Scathach, the "lost" house of the sidhe.

Character Creation
Choices

There are many questions a player must ask about
her character: Who is she? What does she look like?
Does she exemplify all the good qualities of the Seelie
Court, or is she a backstabbing schemer? A general
mental picture should suffice at this point. Most people
find that the character grows more real as the character
creation process progresses. As with the other Story-
teller games, the character creation process involves
applying points to define a character's basic capabili-
ties. Is the character strong or weak? Is he intelligent?
Handsome? What does he do? Is he a fearless knight, a
political plotter, or a Modernist revolutionary? All of
the details needed to create a fully fleshed-out charac-
ter are listed in the Character Creation Chart.

ee oracter Creation chan

© Step One: Character Concept

Choose concept, court, Legacy, house (if applicable) ,
Political Impulse (if any) , seeming, kith, Romantic Legacy
(optional) and secret or romanticist society (if applicable)
© Step Two: Select Attributes

Prioritize the three categories: Physical, Social, Men-
tal (7/5/3)

Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina

Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation, Ap-
pearance

Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence, Wits
* Step Three: Select Abilities

Prioritize the three categories: Talents, Skills,
Knowledges (13/9/5)

Choose Talents, Skills, Knowledges
¢ Step Four: Select Advantages

Choose Backgrounds (5), Arts (3), Realms (5)
© Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record Beginning Glamour, Willpower and Banal-
ity as determined by your seeming

Record kith birthrights and frailties

Spend Freebie Points (15)


New SkitlA bility

‘Temporal Sense

You have a natural affinity for the quirky, timeless
existence of the sidhe. Time may flow backward, speed up
or slow down, but you are able to maintain your equilib-
rium. This is a predominantly passive Skill, allowing
coexistence with, but not control over, the various idio-
syncrasies of fae time. This Skill is especially important to
the sidhe and to fae who wield the Chronos Art.

Novice: You usually keep appointments.

Practiced: You can keep time to music.

Competent: You don't need a watch.

Expert: You have an internal chronometer.
eeeee Master: Time is your slave.

Possessed by: Crystal Circle Members, Chronolo-
gists, Sidhe

Specialties: Conversational Timing, Melee, Chronos,

Trod Time

New Knowledge
Ability

Dream Lore

Dream Lore is the study of the Dreaming and the
creatures that reside within. It is a study mastered by none,
because the Dreaming is vast and ever-changing. Some,
however, dare its dangers in order to map it (insofar as that
is possible) and learn its secrets.

Student: You know to stay on the Silver Path.
College: You feel at home in the Near Dreaming.
Masters: You are beginning to understand the
laws that govern the Dreaming.

Doctorate: The Dreaming holds few secrets
from you.

Scholar: You think you know where Arcadia is.
(Getting there is another matter.)

Possessed by: Crystal Circle Members, Wandering
Knights, The Insane

Specialties: Near Dreaming, Far Dreaming, Chimeri-
cal Denizens, Legends, Arcadia

New BRackgroands

Political Connections

This Background is not the same as the Title Back-
ground. It is, instead, power within the Kithain's body

Nobles: The Shining Host

politic. The majority of it is through the Parliament of
Dreams, though it may be in other venues (at the Storyteller's
discretion). Characters with this Background wield the
power to build coalitions, move Parliamentary policy and
shape the laws that govern Concordia. This power is not as
great as that wielded by many nobles, since the Parliament
is only a moderately powerful, deliberative institution. It is
a democratic institution, though, and enjoys a good deal of
popular support. Characters with this Background represent
a well established and officially recognized freehold. Motley
freeholds (called "mews") are also permitted in the Parlia-
ment, but they carry considerably less weight.
e You represent a very small freehold (or a me-

dium-sized mew).

You represent a small freehold (or a large mew).

You represent a medium-sized freehold (or a

huge mew).

You represent a large freehold.

You represent a huge freehold (or group of free-
holds).

Patron

You have a noble patron, who may aid you in times of
need. In return you are expected to render him service.
This is more than the usual vassal/liege relationship,
however, because your patron favors you above most of his
other vassals. (You may be a friend or a relative.)

° knight/lady

ee baron/baroness
ooo count/countess
duke/duchess

eeeee king/queen

Trod

You possess access to a trod that leads to other earthly
destinations, or even to destinations within the Dreaming.
Trods are usually situated within freeholds, but not all
freeholds have trods. Your trod may be situated in your
freehold (if you have the Holdings Background), or it may
stand on its own. Trods do not necessarily correspond in
power to the freehold in which they are situated. It is possible
to have an immensely powerful trod within a minor freehold
(or vice versa). Trodsare tied to the cycles of nature (seasons,
movement of the planets, etc.) and are only accessible at
certain times. The player and the Storyteller should decide
at which times the character's trod may be opened.

A trod that is open one half of the total time in a year
may be only accessible at night, on even numbered days,
or from Beltaine to Samhain. Several very powerful trods,
such as the one at Tara-Nar, exceed the scale listed below.


The legendary Silvers Gate trod was rumored to lead

everywhere. Any trod purchased with this Background is

assumed to be relatively safe for the changeling at both

ends (it doesn't lead to the Nightmare Realms, etc.). The

only exception are trods which lead to the Deep Dream-

ing, which cannot be predicted.

Please note that mere ownership of a trod does not

necessarily grant the ability to open it.

° 1 local destination, accessible one fourth of the time

ee 1 local destination, accessible half of the time; or
2-3 local destinations, accessible one fourth of the
time; or | local destination, accessible all the time
2-3 local destinations and one regional destina-
tion, accessible half of the time; or 2-3 local
destinations, one regional destination and one
Near Dreaming destination, accessible one fourth
of the time; or 2-3 local destinations, accessible all
the time.
4-5 local destinations, two regional, one national
(e.g. Concordia) and two Near Dreaming destina-
tions, accessible half of the time; or 4-5 local
destinations, two regional, one national, one Near
Dreaming, one Far Dreaming, accessible one fourth
of the time; or 2-3 local destinations and one
regional destination, accessible all the time; or 2-3
local destinations, one regional destination and
one Near Dreaming destination, accessible half of
the time.
4-5 local destinations, 3-4 regional, two national,
two Near Dreaming, one Deep Dreaming, acces-
sible half of the time; or 4-5 local destinations, 4-5
regional, four national, two Near Dreaming, two
Far Dreaming, one Deep Dreaming (maybe as far as
Arcadia Gate), accessible one fourth of the time;
or 2-3 local destinations, one regional destination
and one Near Dreaming destination, accessible all
the time.

New Arts
Dream-Craft

Dream-Craft is fundamental to any changeling who
wishes to explore the Dreaming. This Art allows the fae
both understanding of and power over the Dreaming.
Although the sidhe are particularly puissant in this area,
many commoners wield it with considerable facility.

Attribute: Wits


® Tind Silver Path

The Silver Path is visible to all fae — most of the time.
If a changeling leaves the path while traveling through a
trod, however, she is as good as lost. From even 25 feet
away the path (and any companions on it) simply melt
away from view. This cantrip is vital to finding the path
again. It is also useful for divining the difference between
the true path and a false one created by mischievous
chimera. (Difficulty and number of successes needed vary
depending on the skill of the illusion.) Finally it may be
employed ina limited fashion to tell who or what else may
be using the trod. This ability is usually somewhat ambigu-
ous in its results, however. Chimera are particularly adept
at hiding their presence from this cantrip.

Realms:

Actor—Youcan tell who else is walking the Silver Path.

Fae — You can tell who else is walking the Silver Path.

Nature — You can tell what kind of terrain the path
travels through.

Prop— You can tell what kind of structures may lie along it.

Scene — You can find the Silver Path.

Successes: The effects of successes gained vary de-
pending upon the use being applied. If being used to detect
a false path, the difficulty varies depending upon how well

the path is hidden. If being used to locate or detect objects
on the path, use the chart below.

1 success — Can detect objects very close by (within
a few yards).

2 successes — Can detect objects out of sight (within
100 yards).

3 successes — Can detect objects within a mile or so.

4successes— Can detect objects within several leagues.

5 successes —Can detect objectsanywhere on the path.

@@ Determinism

With this power the changeling may determine what is
on the other end of a trod. Information gathered in this
matter is usually accurate, but may be somewhat cryptic. The
changeling will often see only a small portion of the picture.
Thisability is based on sight only and may be thwarted on the
other end by such Arts as Legerdemain. Unless the change-
ling uses all five Realms in the casting of this cantrip, she will
only get a partial picture. (i.e., If she only uses the Scene
Realm, she will be able to see the area on the other end of a
trod, but not the Unseelie redcap with the machine gun.)

Realms:

Actor— Youcan tell whois at the other end of the trod.

Fae — You can tell who is at the other end of the trod.

Nature— Youcan tell what is at the other end of the trod.


Prop— You can tell what is at the other end of the trod.
Scene— Youcan tell whatisat the other end of the trod.

Successes: The number of successes gained deter-
mines the clarity of the vision.

@@@ Homestead

The Dreaming is a place of constantly shifting para-
digms. The "laws" of reality that exist one day in the
Dreaming may be canceled the next. The use of this cantrip
allows the changeling to create a semipermanent area of
stability within the Dreaming. This works best in the Near
Dreaming, but can be accomplished farther afield. Freeholds
usually have the effects of this cantrip incorporated into
them. Structures built in the Dreaming without the benefit
of this cantrip are often washed away like sand castles in the
rising tide. This cantrip freezes the area in its current state,
allowing only minor "natural" changes.

Realms:

Actor — Allows a mortal to resist the chaotic nature
of the Dreaming.

Fae — Allows a fae creature to resist the chaotic
nature of the Dreaming.

Nature — Allows a natural object to resist the chaotic
nature of the Dreaming.

Prop — Allows an artifact to resist the chaotic nature
of the Dreaming.

Scene — Allows an area to resist the chaotic nature
of the Dreaming.

Successes: Each success grants a degree of protection
against the chaotic forces of the Dreaming, whether chi-
merical or banal. When cast ona person or object, add one
Health Level for each success gained as long as that person
(or object) remains in the Near Dreaming. When cast on
a freehold, reduce any attacks on the freehold by one for
each success gained.

@2eee@ Attunement

The Kithain are creatures of the Dreaming, yet in many
ways they are sundered from it. Even the sidhe no longer
enjoy the connection with it that they did in the Age of
Legends. Attunement reforges these ties, to a degree—
allowing the changeling to make herself (or other things).a
stronger part of the local Dreaming. When cast, this cantrip
attunes the changeling to one person, place or thing in the
area. The number of successes rolled determines the dura-
tion of the Attunement. This powerful cantrip has several
practical uses. First, the changeling can determine the
general physical characteristics ofa locality. This cantrip can
do much of what the Silver Path and Determinism cantrips
(see above) can, and more. When cast with the Realms of

Actor or Fae, this cantrip allows the changeling to determine
the target's general characteristics (though some fae are
adept at dodging this). Many nobles use this to keep tabs on
their freeholds. Nobles attuned to a certain object have
reduced difficulties (minus 1-3 levels) in all Perception rolls.
Additionally, they have -2 difficulty to all Arts used on the
attuned object. This is not an offensive cantrip, however,
since you cannot Attune an unwilling subject.

Only one subject may be Attuned to a changeling at
atime. Ifachangeling stays Attuned to an object fora long
time, he becomes very aware of it. Changeling lovers
sometimes Attune themselves to each other. A king
Attuned to his castle has a decided advantage over any
competitors. No two fae may claim the same area, or
person, at the same time. If one fae tries to "claim jump,"
the two competitors must make an immediate Glamour
roll (difficulty 6). The one with the most successes be-
comes Attuned. This cantrip only works in the Dreaming.

Realms:

Actor — Describes whom you are becoming Attuned to.

Fae — Describes whom you are becoming Attuned to.

Nature— Describes what youare becoming Attuned to.

Prop — Describes what you are becoming Attuned to.

Scene — Describes where you are becoming Attuned to.

Successes:

1 Success: Subject is Attuned for one minute.

2 Successes: Subject is Attuned for one hour.

3 Successes: Subject is Attuned for one day.

4 Successes: Subject is Attuned for one week.

5 Successes: Subject is Attuned for one month.

@©ee@e@ Dream Weaving

This cantrip is somewhat similar to the Legerdemain
cantrip, Phantom Shadows. It is somewhat more versatile,
but it can only be used in the Dreaming. This is sometimes
referred to by commoners as the "instant castle" cantrip,
because it is commonly employed for just this purpose.
This is the cantrip of pure, chimerical creation: some say
of life itself. Objects created through this cantrip are
essentially permanent, as longas they are in the Dreaming.
(Banality destroys them very quickly.) This cantrip costs
two permanent points of Glamour to cast (more in the case
of truly grand projects). The Storyteller has the final say
over what this cantrip can create. The Realm of this
cantrip determines the maximum size of an object.

Realms:

Actor— Whois created. (Maximum size: Large human)

Fae — Who is created. (Maximum size: Large horse)

Nature — What is created. (Maximum size: Large tree)

Chapter Five: Those Who Rate


Prop — What is created. (Maximum size: Medium-
sized palace)

Scene—Whatiscreated. (Maximumsize: Small woods)

Note: Sizes may be increased by spending more
Glamour. (Storyteller's discretion.)

Successes: The number of successes rolled dictates
how "perfect" the object is. A palace built with only one
success will be cold, drafty and badly in need of repair. A
knight created with five successes may become a legend (as
long as he doesn't leave the Dreaming).

Chronos

Perhaps the most bizarre element about the sidhe is
their strange relationship to the timestream. They literally
live in an entirely different time paradigm. Even mages with
the Time Sphere (see Mage: the Ascension) are hard
pressed to understand this relationship. The sidhe are very
"slippery" to the mage's Time Sphere. (All uses of this
Sphere against sidhe are at +2 difficulty. The sidhe have no
such difficulty in affecting mages.) While the sidhe are not
nearly as versatile in their manipulations of time as are some
mages, they can doa few things that the mages can't (at least
not without being torn apart by Paradox). Most notably,
they can perceive and affect the near past. This Art affords
the sidhe a strong advantage over other fae and is one of their
most jealously guarded secrets. Very few commoners know
it, and those who do cast it at plus one difficulty.

Attribute: Perception

® Ovrd

When cast, this cantrip confuses the time sense of
those it is cast on. The recipient must make an Intelligence
+ Temporal Sense roll (difficulty 7, two successes needed)
or become confused as to the order in which things
happen. She may see a person dropping dead, and then
hear the gunshot that killed him. All Mental Attributes
are rolled with an additional one point of difficulty.

Realms:

Actor — Describes who becomes confused. (Dura-
tion: One minute per success.)

Fae — Describes who becomes confused. (Duration:
One minute per success.)

Nature — Describes what natural object people be-
come confused about. (Duration: One hour per success.)

Prop — Describes what object people become con-
fused about. (Duration: One hour per success.)

Scene — Describes what area people become con-
fused in, or about. (Duration: One round per success.)

@@ Backward Glance

This cantrip allows the changeling to look into the past.
It has two main advantages. The first is to grant her total
recall of any event that she has experienced. The second is
to "read" what has happened toa person, place or thing in the
past. Use of this cantrip is obvious, and widely recognized
(even by commoners). Use of this cantrip on another
changeling is considered to be in poor taste, if the caster
doesn't ask first. This cantrip is useless when directed against
the Mists, or anything touched by it. The number of suc-
cesses rolled determines how far back this cantrip may read.
Use of this cantrip requires one point of Glamour.

Realms:

Actor — Describes who is being read.

Fae— Describe who is being read. (May be used on self.)

Nature — Describes what is being read.

Prop — Describes what is being read.

Scene — Describes where is being read.

Successes:

1 Success: 10 minutes

2 Successes: One hour

3 Successes: One day

4 Successes: One month

5 Successes: One year

@@@® Dream Time

Sometimes called the "Rip van Winkle" spell, this
cantrip affects the speed of the forward progression of time.
It can speed time up or slow it down. This cantrip allows the
fae to age an object prematurely or to retard aging (though
not against the onset of Banality). This cantrip may not be
combined with the cantrip Permanence, below. Speeding up
an individual, using the Actor or Fae realms, allows extra
actions to be taken ina turn. Slowing down someone in this
fashion may reduce their target's ability to act. Unwilling
targets of this cantrip may roll their Intelligence + Alertness
(+ Temporal Sense, if applicable) versus the caster's Intelli-
gence + Realm, to "outthink" thiscantrip. Some changelings
believe that this cantrip doesn't really alter time, but instead
gives that illusion through other means. (Though no one
knows how.) This cantrip may not be cast on the same object
more than once in a scene.

Actor — Describes who is being affected. (Speed up:
ages person | year per success or one extra action per turn,
maximum five/Slow down: retards aging one month per
success or slows down actions by half)

Fae — Describes who is being affected. (Speed up:
ages person one year per success or one extra action per


turn, maximum five/Slow down: retards aging one month
per success or slows down actions by half)

Nature — Describes what is being affected. (Speed
up: ages object one year per success/Slow down: Retards
aging one year per success)

Prop — Describes what is being affected. (Speed up:
ages object 10 years per success/Slow down: Retards aging
one year per success)

Scene — Describes where is being affected. (Speed
up: ages area 100 years per success/Slow down: Retards
aging 100 years per success)

©@@@ Permanence

This cantrip affects the duration that another Art lasts.
When applied to most Arts, this cantrip extends their dura-
tions by one unit of time (variable) persuccess. The Storyteller
has absolutely the last word over how it affects a given cantrip.
The amount of time (units of time) may be counted in rounds,
minutes, or even centuries, depending on the spirit of the
cantrip being affected. (i.e., The duration of the Chicanery
cantrip Fuddle is counted in minutes, while the Dream-Craft
cantrip Attunement may be measured in months. Cantrips
with no duration to speak of (e.g. the Primal cantrip Holly-
Strike) are not affected by this cantrip at all.

Realms:

Actor — Describes who is being affected.

Fae — Describes who is being affected.

Nature — Describes what is being affected.

Prop — Describes what is being affected.

Scene — Describes where is being affected.

Successes:

1 Success: (x2) duration.

2 Successes: (x3) duration.

3 Successes: (x4) duration.

4 Successes: (x5) duration.

5 Successes: (x10) duration.

@©@28@6@ ReversalofFortane

This cantrip can turn back the veils of time and actually
"undo" arecent occurrence. How far back in time this cantrip
reaches is determined by the number of successes rolled. In
combat situations the time is measured in rounds, while in
less stressful situations (peace) it is measured in minutes.
Casting this cantrip is very draining and costs a permanent
point of Glamour. This cantrip may have an effect on the
balance of power in a game. The Storyteller has the final say
over whether a player character may take this Art.

Realms:

Actor — Describes who is being affected.


Fae — Describes who is being affected.

Nature — Describes what is being affected.

Prop — Describes what is being affected.

Scene — Describes where is being affected.

Successes:

1 Success: One round ago (combat), one minute ago
(peace)

2 Successes: Two rounds ago (combat), two minutes
ago (peace)

3 Successes: Three rounds ago (combat), three min-
utes ago (peace)

4 Successes: Four rounds ago (combat), four minutes
ago (peace)

5 Successes: Five rounds ago (combat), five minutes
ago (peace)

Nobte Ranks

Bunks employed by the nobility are usually more
"dignified" than those employed by most commoners.
This allows a noble to cast his cantrips without having to
lose composure while doing so. The following Bunks may
be used with any Art, but are listed according to Art, in
case the Storyteller wishes to use the advanced cantrip
tules (see Changeling: The Dreaming).

Chronos

Clock Stop: Destroy a time piece.

ee Dust in the Wind: Toss some hourglass sand into
the air.
A Stitch in Time: Tear a piece of your clothing.
Méebius Loop: Make a Méebius strip out of
paper, then destroy it.
Palindrome: Pick another Bunk card and perform
it, then do it backward to the best of your ability.

Dream-Craft

° Masque: Put on a fancy party mask.

ee Silver Wire: Wrap a piece of silver wire around
apiece of wood, Unwrap it when you wish to cast
the cantrip.
Verbal Glyph: Intone one of the ancient sidhe
words of power. (All nobles know a few and
they're very impressive to commoners.)
Stolen Kiss: Steal a passionate kiss with another
changeling.

eeeee Recite Lineage: Recite your family tree. Due to
the impressively long lineage of most sidhe, this
is not a combat bunk.

New Hoase
Hoase Scathach

The most mysterious sidhe on Earth are those of
the enigmatic House Scathach. The house is named
after its founder, the famous Scathach n Uanaind.
Scathach was the most famous of Ireland's female
warriors. Born of a union between human and fae, her
house continues this tradition. Unlike all other sidhe,
the nobility of this house chose to introduce them-
selves into human bloodlines, much like the common
kith. As a result of this, they fared better during the
Shattering. Many other sidhe (especially Traditional-
ists), however, consider them impure and question
whether they are true sidhe at all. Whatever their
heritage, they are considered to have the best Sooth-
sayers among the sidhe. Most of their actions are in
accordance with the advice of their Morphean Oracles.

Fierce, silent and deadly, members of this warrior
house are adept at all forms of combat. They neither
possess nor desire political power in noble society.
Theories about their true agenda run rampant (though
they are obviously Seelie). Most of the members of this
house dress achromatically (blacks, whites and grays).
They have garnered the nickname "Gray Walkers"
because of this practice. Their eyes are usually gray or
icy blue. They are usually reserved in their demeanor.
The sidhe of this house are more widely traveled than
the other houses (even House Liam) and are, as a
result, more ethnically diverse. During the Interregnum
they spread as far as the Middle East, where they still
maintain a strong presence.

This house has a near-legendary reputation among
the commoners. They are, however, rarely seen. Despite
their strange ways, they are generally well regarded by the
commoners, who learned to trust them during the
Interregnum. House Scathach patrols the fringes of fae
society. Many believe that it protects the fae (noble and
commoner) from powerful enemies of old. Certainly, it
forges strange alliances. Among the fae they are closest to
the eshu, who also share their love of the road. They are
also rumored to have contacts among the Prodigals, most
notably the vampire Gangrel (see Vampire: The Mas-
querade), the Silent Striders (see Werewolf: The
Apocalypse) and even the Ahl-i-Batin (see The Book of
Shadows). Few, if any, outsiders know what their blazon
is.


Affinity: Nature

Boon: Those of House Scathach are silent and effi-
cient warriors. They rarely make any sound, even while
fighting. (This causes great consternation in their foes.)
They receive an extra die on all Brawl and Melee rolls.
Additionally, they make all Stealth rolls at a -1 difficulty.

Flaw: Because of their human heritage, sidhe of this
house do not have Banality's Curse (see Changeling: The
Dreaming). They do, however, exhibit a strange madness
in combat. Once entering a fight, they lose sight of almost
everything else. Although a member of this house will not

attack friends (or even bystanders), she has great difficulty
leaving a battle until either she, or all her enemies, are
defeated. (Willpower roll: difficulty 7, three successes
needed to retreat.)

Special Note: House Scathach is looked down upon
by most nobles. All Social rolls with other sidhe (except
Houses Fiona and Liam) are at +2 difficulty. Furthermore,
because of an ancient blood pact, they are forbidden to use
the Art of Sovereign. This ban is enforced by the full
weight of the Dreaming.


A
@

a I ee eS

This chapter lays out the elements necessary for run-
ning a Changeling nobles game. Detailed here are thoughts
on theme and mood. This chapter also contains more
Storyteller-oriented information. Finally, herein are notes
detailing certain aspects of noble society that the average fae
(and hence the players) should not be aware of. This list
includes notes on how to run romance in a scenario, the
sidhe's preparations for war, secret details about sidhe his-
tory,andanumber of the secrets hinted at earlier in the book.

Theme

Many themes run through this book. Yet at the heart of
it are two main threads that define the nobility of the fae.
The first is one of alienation. Strangers in a strange land, the
sidhe are unlike anything the World of Darkness has seen in
many centuries. They are anachronisms, relics, reminders of
a world of faerie tales and happy endings. These things are
despised by the dark powers of the world. Banality, as
represented in a thousand forms, seeks to snuff out the
guttering flame of hope that the sidhe represent. Daily,
banality's forces seek to make this hope seem alien and evil
to those who surround them, sundering the sidhe (indeed all
the Kithain) further from the dreams of humanity. Added to
this is the loss of identity and memory that struck the sidhe
when they first came here. The fae are living creatures of
legend, and to separate them from their past is an act far more

real and painful than the severing of any limb. In the short
time the sidhe have been here they have recreated much of
their legends to fill this yawning chasm in their souls, but
these legends seem superficial and insufficient to most of
them. Many sidhe are half mad with desire for their past lives,
a desire that will never be fulfilled.

The other theme is one not commonly seen in the
World of Darkness, for it is one of hope. The sidhe represent
a force of nobility and inner strength rare in these dark days.
Their survival, with much of their nobility intact, is a
testament to the forces of light and life and love amid the
gathering clouds of Winter. Despite the slings and arrows of
the cynics, and despite the faults and weaknesses of the
nobility (and they are many) something magical has come
back into the world.

Mood

Unlike many other games in the Storyteller System, a
campaign based on the doings of the Kithain nobility need
not be unrelentingly dark. This is not to say that the darkness
is banished. It is forever there, waiting to crush these crea-
tures of Glamour and light. This is the crux of the matter,
however. If there isa force for good in the World of Darkness,
the Seelie fae nobility are a strong part of it. Nor are they
passive in their desire to change the world for the better. The
sidhe are an inherently powerful, if still formative, force in

hapter Six: Storyteller Section 83


the modern world. The last few decades have been spent
getting their bearings and "taking stock." This process is
almost at a close. The sidhe are now prepared to take a far
more active roll in the world's affairs. The mood among
many nobles is an optimistic clarion cry: a call to arms.
The sidhe are everything that the dark forces of the world
wish people to believe they can no longer be. They are, for the
most part, kindly, honest, genteel and brave. Even in the
absence of their memories (and much of their old power), they
still have the will, the power and the leadership abilities to
blast much of the darkness back to whence it came. Nor are the
sidhe creatures of unremitting seriousness. Whimsical, "fay"
aspects of their nature are readily apparent for those who look.
Underneath their lordly demeanor, they are not so far re-
moved from the commoner kith as one would at first believe.

The Sidhe
Prepare for Mar

The modern world is a far more hostile place than any
the sidhe can remember. Even the Shattering pales in
comparison to the many threats facing the newly returned
nobility. The sidhe are aware of this and have prepared
accordingly. The Seelie nobility has many agents through-
out the world. From these, they have a fairly good idea of who
the greatest threats are. They divide these threats into the
two categories listed below.

Major Threats

These are the threats that the sidhe consider closest to
home. While not formally at war with any of these, watching
them is of tantamount importance.

The Shadow Court: Not much has been heard from
the Shadow Court since the Resurgence. Some see this as a
sign that the Unseelie Court is weak, but the Seelie nobility
is not fooled. It is readily apparent that the Shadow Court is
gathering its strength, biding its time until it can make a full
and violent comeback.

The Fomorians: Hideous, powerful and evil beyond
description, the Fomorians are the most ancient and hated
foes of the sidhe. They are a race of monsters, thought long
extinct — but now the sidhe are not so sure. In form and
action, they bear a startling resemblance to the creatures
known as fomori (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse). The
fomori are often seen with other dark creatures and the name
of their primary employer, a company called Pentex, is now
on the lips of some well-placed nobles. Most fomori do not
seem to have the Fomorians' inhuman intelligence or their
ability to traverse the Dreaming, but the similarities of name

Nobles: The Shining Host


and appearance are too close to be coincidental. Three
powerful changeling freeholds were recently destroyed in
attacks that strongly resembles Fomorian tactics.

The Hidden Ones: Although very few nobles know
about the Technocracy by name, they are well aware that
there is a powerful cabal of mages who shape the world's
consensus and trade in Banality. The sidhe consider gather-
ing information about this group to be extremely important.
While they do not have the power to stop such an insidious
organization on their own, they are masters at building
alliances. The Technocracy knows far less about the sidhe
than the sidhe know about it.

Peripheral Threats

These are the groups watched with some concern by the
nobility. No final decision as to their status has been made,
however.

The Nunnehi: Despite the sidhe's leadership of the
Kithain, they are not the primary targets of the nunnehi. The
nunnehi have far more distaste for the commoner kith, who,
after all, were the ones who stole their land. Many nunnehi
consider the sidhe to be little more than interesting newcom-
ers, though still obviously European. The sidhe, unfortunately,
do not have the luxury of returning this favor. Frequent
complaints come in from common freeholds about nunnehi
attacks. Sidhe attempts at mediation between the two groups
has come to little. Unless something happens to intervene, a
showdown between the sidhe and the nunnehi is in the offing.

The Prodigals: The sidhe remember the Prodigals from
distant days. They remember both alliances and dark treach-
ery. Most of all, they remember the power of these lost fae.
Few sidhe consider all Prodigals to be a priori their enemies,
but they are highly conscious of them as a threat. Constant
vigilance is the watchword concerning the Prodigals.

The Sluagh: Evenat the best of times there is antipathy
between the sluagh and the sidhe. The two groups are
diametrically opposed in almost every way. Even Seelie
sluagh are considered a threat by many nobles. While it is no
doubt true that there is some reason for this, it is also
undeniable that the sluagh are often unjustly persecuted by
the sidhe.

Storytetler's
History

Although Chapter Two covered much of the history of
the sidhe, there are certain elements that should be known
only by the Storyteller.

The Age of Legends: Some scholars of this era
insinuate that the sidhe killed their predecessors, the Tuatha
de Danaan. Bringing up this theory of sidhe fratricide is
enough to send some sidhe into a rage.

The Sundering: This period represents sidhe power at
its zenith. At this time, the sidhe wielded unquestioned
rulership over the fae and great influence over human society
as well. It was also during this period, however, that the fae
split into its Seelie and Unseelie components. Theories on
the reasons behind this division are many. A startling
number of these theories implicate the faerie Lilith, who
later spawned the Kindred (according to fae legends). Some
sidhe insist that she still walks the earth.

The Shattering: The Shattering was a period of up-
heaval for the fae. Next to the sidhe's retreat to Arcadia,
perhaps the greatest occurrence during this period involved
the treachery of High King Falchion. Falchion (when he is
mentioned at all) is remembered as a traitor and an
oathbreaker, who betrayed an entire kith to its destruction.
Few dispute the truth of his betrayal of the Lords of the
Mound (a noble kith, related to trolls), His name is synony-
mous, to some, with sidhe treachery.

The Twilight Times (a.k.a. The Interregnum): Few
realize just how close the few sidhe who remained during this
time came to extinction. In the period immediately follow-
ing the departure of the sidhe, commoner hunts for their
former lords were rampant. While by no means did all
commoners participate in this outrage, enough did that the
continued existence of the sidhe was in doubt. Only by
retreating into their freeholds, or by joining House Scathach,
did many western sidhe survive. Kithain historians (com-
moner and noble) avoid this topic, in the hopes of fostering
better relations in the present. The holocaust of the early
Interregnum is still a sore point for some sidhe, however.

The Resurgence: Few nobles, and fewer still common-
ers, are aware of one aspect of the Resurgence. During the
initial rush of Glamour, following the moon landing, the
doors to the Dreaming were flung wide open. The sidhe were
not the only ones who used these portals to reach the
Waking Lands. Chimerical intelligences, vast and malevo-
lent, also forded the Mists from their home in the Nightmare
Realms. Unlike the sidhe, however, they retain theirmemory.
Although they do not remember it, the sidhe of both courts
battled side by side to prevent these nightmares from reach-
ing the human world. They lost.

The Accordance War: It is generally accepted that the
sidhe were winning this war when it came to a close. What
is not generally accepted is just how close to total victory
they came. Many commoners underestimate the power of
the nobility, but the commoner leadership has a clearer
picture of sidhe power. Despite occasional talk of revolution,

Chapter Six: Storyteller Section 85


there are few commoner leaders who wish to repeat the near-
disaster of the Accordance War. (For the real truth behind
High King Dyfell's death, see the Goblin Town entry in the
book Freeholds and Hidden Glens.)

The Present: Winter is closer at hand than even the
most pessimistic of doomsayers predict. Some sidhe are
aware of this fact and realize that the fae, in general, are not
ready to face this time of tribulation. Perhaps one of the
greatest current weaknesses of the sidhe is the growing
schism between them and the trolls. Both the sluagh and the
Beltaine Blade are encouraging this growing enmity, for
their own disparate reasons.

Arcadia

While Arcadia remains an inviolate paradise in the
minds of the vast majority of fae, a growing number of them
fear that it is in dire peril. Some hint that the recent
expulsion of the five Seelie and one Unseelie House from
Arcadia (only the most naive believe they returned volun-
tarily) is a grave sign of trouble there. Many theorize that all
out war has finally broken out between the two courts, a war
that will soon draw in the fae of Earth. As some commoners
might put it: The nobles muxed it up,real good! Even more
horrifying to some is the thought that the great walls of
Arcadia are under attack by outside forces. Then, perhaps,
some say, the newly arrived nobility are here because of a
grand retreat — or perhaps they are here to prepare a
counterattack. This isa hopeful sign to some, for it means the
eventual reconciliation of the two courts. Whether this is
true or not, not even the sidhe can say.

Some more "sensitive" changelings (those with a
Greymare 4 or 5) have occasional dreams of Arcadia. Al-
though these dreamsare infuriatingly hazy and contradictory,
they seem to indicate that the heart of the Dreaming is close
toruins. Most Kithain do not believe this, of course. Arcadia
is eternal in their minds. Any suggestion to the contrary is a
heresy. Arcadia fallen? Impossible.

Assassination

Assassination as a means of attrition is all too common
among the sidhe nobility since the Resurgence. The first and
greatest assassination since their return was that of the
Warlord Dyfell. Some say that it was his murder that paved
the way for the three high-profile assassinations (and a
fourth attempt) since that time. The first regicide to rock
Concordia since Dyfell was that of Queen Andalura of the
Kingdom of Grass. Queen Andalura was a steady-handed
monarch of House Dougal. She was cut down in 1985 while
defending her realm against an incursion of particularly
malign chimera. She is succeeded by her cousin, Queen

Nobles: The Shining Host

Mary Elizabeth. Although there are rumors that her assassi-
nation was planned by those within her own house, most
discount this. (House Dougal is not known for backstabbing.)

The same year as Queen Andalura's death, King Sean
of the Kingdom of Pacifica was murdered by commoner
revolutionaries of the Radical People's Front (an ally of the
Ranters). Sean was succeeded to the throne by his niece,
Queen Aeron. Aeron ascended the throne at age 16. She
directly led a raid that avenged her uncle's death, which
reportedly resulted in the death of all of his assassins. Few, if
any, suspect Queen Aeron of complicity in Sean's death,
though herrecent decadence and flirtations with her Unseelie
nature are creating grist for some ugly rumors.

Far more suspicious is the death of King Barabas, of
House Eiluned. Barabas was the wildly unpopular despot of
the Kingdom of Willows. He took the region by force during
the Accordance War, ruling it in a capricious and unjust
manner until his death during a commoner revolt in 1990,
The revolt ended in a direct assault on Barabas' freehold.
The assault finished in stalemate and a flag of truce was
raised. It is unclear which side violated the parley, but at the
end Barabas lay dead. Barabas' former general and distant
cousin, Duke Meilge, was proclaimed king by royal lottery.
Although many suspect that Meilge somehow instigated the
fight that lead to Barabas' death, few object to the act. High
King David evidently turned a blind eye to the assassination,
since Barabas was a political enemy and an unjust ruler.
Many consider Meilge to be only nominally better.

The most recent assassination attempt was against Queen
Laurel, of the Kingdom of Northern Ice. While considered
unassailable in her wintry stronghold, the queen was less
guarded as she traveled to meet with King David at his court
of Tara-Nar. Kithain assassins, aided by powerful Arts, de-
scended upon her caravan. She barely survived the episode
and her assailants disappeared without a trace. The identity of
these assassins is a subject for wild speculation by all change-
lings. Everyone has a theory. Some Modernists in the
Parliament of Dreams accuse the Beltaine Blade, though
many write their accusations off as Ranter propaganda. Most
of the blame for this attempt is cast against the Shadow Court.

Mortality

Although long lived, most fae are not immortal in the
sense that vampires are. While in their freeholds, Kithain are
shielded from the ravages of both Banality and old age. Some
fae spend most of their time within their freehold retreats,
thus aging little. This is particularly true of the sidhe, who
fear Banality above all other things. Most commoners are
more "of the world" than their rulers. Many live their lives,
traveling between their human and faerie seemings, with
little thought of denying their mortality. To most common-


ers, life, death and rebirth are a natural cycle. To most sidhe,
however, death is an unnatural and frightening thing. In
Arcadia, if the stories are to be believed, natural death is
almost nonexistent.

The sidhe fear death like no other kith. Yet, it is natural
death that they fear more than any other. A sudden, violent
death while in the prime of their life is sometimes an
unavoidable reality of existence. It is a reality that they
accept. Death by the slow diminution of what they are,
however, is horrifying to them. Unlike the common kith, the
sidhe do not know what awaits them beyond death. Tradi-
tion has it, that in Arcadia they went toa place called Spring
as they finished their autumn years. This is not thought to be
possible from earth. It is only the sidhe's inherent courage in
most other aspects of life that allows them to face death with
their accustomed, imperious stare. They'll be damned if they
let the commoners know that anything rattles them.

Although there are some extremely old commoners,
few compare in age to the oldest sidhe. In one respect, the
apparent ancientness of the sidhe is illusory. Sidhe who lived
before the Shattering may remember the Crusades, but they
don't remember the intervening years between then and the
present. Although most commoners understand this intel-
lectually, there is still a strong aura of age around the sidhe
that is hard to ignore. Even though the sidhe who lived
through the Interregnum may not clearly remember those

years spent in Arcadia, they still, presumably, lived them.
There is something of a generation gap between sidhe who
remember the Sundering and those born since the Resur-
gence. Some sidhe (like Lady Sierra) are truly ancient.

The Chrysalis

The Chrysalis is, perhaps, the most dangerous time for
newly arriving sidhe. Unlike the commoners, who, through
their blood ties to humanity, have something of a cushion
during the emergence of their fae seeming, the sidhe have no
such protection. During the early years of the Resurgence,
sidhe were forced to "possess" adult humans in order to
protect themselves. (The human is taken to Arcadia, hence
the name changeling.) Many liken the experience to that of
being born. Thrust without preparation into the cold, Banal-
ity-saturated realities of the modern world is a painful and
disorienting experience, one not softened by years of life as
a mortal (like most commoners). The experience drives
some sidhe slightly mad, though this madness is almost
always temporary.

As the sidhe psyche emerges, it often experiences
flashes from the human's receding memory. These "psychic
jolts" can be both painful and disorienting. In the end,
however, the human memory becomes faint and distant. Just
enough remains to allow the sidhe to begin exploring her

new world. Often the sidhe will meet the friends and family
of the person she changes places with. This can be an
excruciating experience for both parties. The loss of this
second set of mortal memories justafter losing their Arcadian
identity is a devastating blow to the sidhe. It is a credit to
them, as a people, that they are able to bear this burden.

It is generally believed that most sidhe do not know
where (or as whom) they are going to "splash down" when
they arrive on earth. Despite this, it has been observed
(somewhat snidely) by many commoners that they always
manage to "take over good-looking people." Whether this is
by design or just an example of "sympathetic magic" is
unknown. It is obvious, however, that the sidhe's psyche
exertssome influence over the body that it assumes. (Human
imperfections often fade away as the possession takes place.)
This might be one reason why the Technocracy considers
the sidhe to be alien invaders. During the early years of the
Resurgence many sidhe also found wounds on their human
bodies when they came through. It is believed that these
injuries are caused by wounds inflicted on the sidhe as they
battled their way from Arcadia.

Now that the sidhe are somewhat better established in
the Waking Lands, they usually start their lives as children.
Adult sidhe protect their newfound childlings (many of
whom were probably adults in Arcadia) with a passion. Asa
tule, the transition is much easier for childlings, who retain
most of the memories of their mortal seemings. In general,
the younger a sidhe changeling is, the more she remembers
of her human life. At earlier ages, the area where the Kithain
persona begins and the human persona ends is nearly indis-
tinguishable. Some believe that very young sidhe are not
true changelings at all, but symbiotes. Sidhe childlings
regain their pre-Interregnum memories very slowly, often
not until adulthood. The sidhe (presumably) don't believe
they are doing anything wrong when they assume a human
body. The human's soul is taken to Arcadia, where it is well
treated, even pampered. Most sidhe consider the switch to be
tantamount to sponsoring an exchange student.

Ancient Pacts

One potential advantage that the sidhe have is in a
series of ancient pacts, alliances and blood oaths from before
the Shattering. The sidhe know many of the old secrets, long
lost to the common kith. Some of these alliances have
atrophied from lack of use. Others may still work, but the
sidhe have not managed to find all of their old allies since the
Resurgence. Some of these ancient pacts are merely prescrip-
tions for etiquette when dealing with other creatures, while
others may be devastating words of power. The Storyteller
should be inventive, but prudent in allowing these old pacts
to play a roll in his campaign.


On the Dreaming

When you think you're swimming to the surface,
you're swimming straight down.

Down to the bottom.

There is another world spinning inside of this one.

— Laurie Anderson, "Freefall"

The Dreaming is a universe unto its own. It is said that
any and all things may be found there, if one knows how to
look. Given this infinite tableau, many of the commoner
kith fear to return to this place that was once most natural to
them. Others, however, are now rediscovering their lost
legacy. Most of these fae do not travel beyond the Near
Dreaming. The only way for most changelings to enter the
Dreaming is by entering a trod. Although the Dreaming is a
place of infinite expanse and diversity, it is generally agreed
that it can be divided into three major realms.

The Near Dreaming

The Near Dreaming is that which most conforms to the
mundane, "real," world. It often (though not always) mimics
it in such major aspects as geography. Human-made con-
structs (suchas buildings) may also have their Near Dreaming
counterparts, but more likely not. Asa rule, human artifacts
thatare imbued witha great deal of imagination are more real
in the Near Dreaming (i.e., a cathedral would leave more of
an impression than an O'Tolley's restaurant). In the Dream-
ing a creative work, such as a book or painting, may even be
alive. Most freeholds are situated in the Near Dreaming. It
is also here that the nature of a kingdom's ruler has the most
effect on the land. The Silver Path begins to fail at the far
edges of this realm.

The Far Dreaming

The Far Dreaming is mostly beyond the authority of the
sidhe nobility. Some fae occasionally come here to escape
the nobility. This is dangerous, however, because the sidhe
know the Far Dreaming better than any other kith. The Far
Dreaming can be tumultuous, even cataclysmic; or it can be
placid and benign. Fae Arts work well here, but the chaotic
nature of the Far Dreaming makes permanent residence here
almost impossible for all but the most powerful of Kithain or
chimera. The Silver Path exists in the Far Dreaming, but is
far less reliable — only the most powerful trods extend this
far into the Dreaming.

The Deep Dreaming

The Deep Dreaming is poorly understood by earth-
bound fae (including the sidhe) for good reason. The Deep
Dreaming may contain such paradises as Arcadia, but these
exist side by side with nightmare realms of unimaginable

Nobles: The Shining Host

cruelty. To explore the Deep Dreaming as Duke Asterlan did
(see the short story, "Asterlan") is to be lost forever. Even
members of the Crystal Circle travel here but rarely. The
Deep Dreaming is said to connect to other realms (suchas the
Umbra). In the Deep Dreaming the Silver Path is something
of a joke among local chimera. There are only a handful of
trods that extend this far — and even then one must know
the arcane secrets which allow their doors to be opened.

On Trods

If Glamour is the life's blood of the fae, then trods are
thearteries through which it flows. Trods are the fae's nearest
connection to the Dreaming and Arcadia beyond. They are
also power. The sidhe realized this fact during the Resur-
gence and acted quickly to claim the lion's share of the
recently reopened trods. Those who control the trods wield
great control over fae society. Troopsand secret missives may
be moved quickly and secretly through them in times of war,
while they are ideal trade routes and vital connections to the
Dreaming in times of peace. The sidhe know more about
trods than any other changeling kith. (There are some
nonfae who know more than the sidhe).

Trods may lead to a number of places. Most follow a
path leading from one earthly location, through the Near
Dreaming, to another earthly destination. Other trods end
at specific locations within the Dreaming. The Dreaming is
a place of constantly shifting time and location. After over
600 years of being severed from the Dreaming, most com-
monersare notadeptat traveling through it. Few changelings
live directly in the Dreaming, due to its hostility and restless
nature. The risks of chimerical threats and the dangers of
Bedlam cannot be overlooked. Those who leave the safety of
the trod's Silver Path risk becoming lost forever in a con-
stantly shifting wilderness, with only monstrous chimera for
companionship.

Some changelings, however, set up homesteads within
the Dreaming, sometimes along trods, but more often at
points where they terminate. The Dream-Craft cantrip
Homestead is vital for those who wish to set up shop in the
Dreaming. (See the book, Freeholds and Hidden Glens for
more information on trods.)

The Silver Path

The Silver Path is literally that: a path which leads from
one end of a trod to the other. If the travelers along the path
do not deviate from it, they greatly increase their chances of
reaching their destination unharmed. The Silver Path not
only acts as a guide, but as a protector as well. Chimerical
monsters must expend Glamour to attack those on the path.
More intelligent chimera realize this and devise many decep-
tions to trick unwary changelings from the path.


Menaces

Although the creatures listed below may stalk others,
they prefer sidhe.

Running ever through my head is an old-time rune —

‘Who meets the Love-Talker must weave her shroud
soon.

— Ethna Carbery, "The Love-Talker"

Ganconer (The Love-Tatker)

All intelligent creatures who know love are the prey of
the Ganconer. These chimera use their wiles to seduce,
corrupt and destroy such people. The Ganconer is a cold,
methodical and murderous creature with a gray and alien
mind. It stalks its prey, sometimes for years, before attempt-
ing an approach. In that time it learns much about its target
and knows just how to approach him or her. It is masterful in
its seduction, bending even the strongest wills to its whims.
Contrary to popular belief, the Ganconer does not often
participate in brief trysts that drain and kill in a short time.
The Ganconer is in it for the long haul. The Ganconer is
unlike most of the other romantic predators in the World of
Darkness. Most of these feed off lust or sexual violence; the
Ganconer, however, is interested in love. The Ganconer
becomes the perfect paramour (lover, friend, advisor). Be-
fore such an assault, even the most recalcitrant hearts usually
fail. Although more outwardly romantic people are more
easily seduced, most Ganconers prefer to target the inno-
cent. This initial seduction may be instantaneous or it may
take decades. Usually the Ganconer is in control the whole
time.

Stage One (Seduction): Most Ganconers prefer to
work "honestly," earning their target's love rather than
forcing it. If its intended victim remains recalcitrant, how-
ever, the Ganconer attempts a possession (its Manipulation
+ Subterfuge versus its target's Willpower). If it fails, the
Ganconer starts whirling and shrieking, losing limbs on the
way. It then dissolves in a lavender cloud of sickly, sweet
vapor. If it succeeds, however, the victim is now deeply in
love with the Love-Talker and suspects nothing. Once its
victim is ensorcelled, the Ganconer may then make asecond
possession attempt. (Same rollsas above.) Ifitfails, the target
isnone the wiser and the Ganconer may try again in another
year. Some Ganconers become frustrated if they fail their
first attempt and their validity as lovers may begin to fray. If
successful, however, the Ganconer's lover is now also its
slave.

Stage Two (Corruption): The lover's will is com-
pletely turned to that of the Ganconer. The Love-Talker
now begins the desecration of the soul. This process involves
turning the victim into a mirror image of itself. Victims may

Chapter Six: Storytetler Section 89


discover that they are "having more fun," while acting out
forbidden urges. The victim becomes a "cohort in crime,"
aiding and abetting the Love-Talker in atrocious deeds and,
then, in covering them up. Often they will joke together
about all the losers and suckers out there (e.g., former friends
and family). The two become each other's world, sliding into
an ever increasing maelstrom of mad love. This is a danger-
ous time for the Ganconer. Some Ganconers are murdered
by their deranged "soulmates" before they can initiate stage
three. (A just punishment for their crimes.)

Stage Three (Destruction): Once the lover is thor-
oughly corrupted, the Ganconer initiates its victim's final
fall. The victim's world becomes a mad and mocking place.
Reality warps and crumbles into the void. This stage may last
anywhere between hours and decades. The victim may
realize all that he has lost by loving the Ganconer, but it is
far too late forregrets. There is nothing left but the Ganconer
—and then it disappears. The need to seek it out consumes
the victim. Eventually the lost lover is found and the world
suddenly comes to life again. It is at that moment that the
Ganconer strikes. It attempts a third possession (See above.
The victim is aware of the third attempt and may regain
control if it fails.) If successful this time, it drains the victim,
body and soul. The victim's consciousness is devoured, and
the Ganconer moves on, clothed in its loved one's skin.

The most terrifying thing about the Love-Talker is that
although it masters the image of love, it hasn't the faintest
idea of what it is. (Other than a rare delicacy.) Although
powerful, it also has several weaknesses. Fae lore indicates
that the Ganconer must have one of its victim's possessions
(preferably a cherished one) lodged in a human heart (also,
preferably, acherished one's) inajar, andnearby, at all times.
The victim's friends or family may discover it. If the heart is
destroyed, so too is the Ganconer's spell. Friends and family
are the greatest enemy of the Ganconer. If they sense
something "wrong" about the Ganconer, they may move to
intervene. Although the victim will try to shield the Ganconer
from such intervention, persistent attempts by true loved
ones may weaken the Ganconer's hold. It will be hard

pressed to get rid of all of them without losing composure.
Ganconers will often speed up their timetable in the event
of especially persistent loved ones.

There are rumors of Ganconers who fall in love with
their intended victims. Clever Ganconers will use this
obvious piece of hogwash to their advantage, if discovered.
Attributes: The Ganconer possesses all the Attributes,
Abilities, Arts, Disciplines, etc. of its most recent victim. All
Ganconers have, at least, Chicanery 1 and Sovereign 3.
Glamour: 5-8, Willpower: Variable
Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5

Powers: (Possession. See above.)


Though not nearly as calculating or as malignant as the
Ganconer; the Bean Sidhe is no less dangerous. Most fae
consider banshees to be tragic and, perhaps, even sympa-
thetic creatures. This assessment is correct. They are also
desperate.

Locked ina hellish nothingness between the Dreaming
and the Shadowlands (The restless realms of the dead. See
Wraith: The Oblivion.), the Bean Sidhe is a guttering spark
of what was once Kithain. The blackness of the void devours
them, but only slowly. The only way to stave off this hideous
mutilation of mind and soul is by stealing the essences of
others. Legend has it that banshees are often seen shortly
before a misfortune, though it is vague as to whether the
Bean Sidhe causes the happening or merely observes. In
truth, they do both. By some cruel twist of fate, it is believed
that only the good may become Bean Sidhe. Only those
Kithain who live lives of justice, kindness and honor are
"deserving" of this Dan. Banshees rail against their fate.
They battle it with every ounce of will, but in the end (it is
believed) all succumb to the madness of the void.

Banshees occasionally appear to wraiths as well. The
Restless also have good reason to fear them. While banshees
covet the energies of the living to salve their agonies, so too
do they desire Oblivion. Each changeling encountered by
the banshee delivers a moment's solace, while each wraith
draws it closer to the peace that final dissolution offers. The
agonies of the Bean Sidhe are less acute in areas of low
Banality; thus they are highly attracted to freeholds and
other faerie magics. They are especially drawn to the free-
holds of the Lost Ones (see below), All changelings know of
banshees, though that hardly prepares them for the experi-
ence of meeting one. No matter how kindly a banshee may
attempt to be in her approach, a wave of horror pours
through her target. (The "banshee's wail.") This Shroud of
Nightmares, surrounding the Bean Sidhe, is not under her
control, but a natural part of her condition. The Shroud
further isolates the banshee from all possible kindness from
others, for her very presence is anathema.

Some changelings have made attempts to communi-
cate with the Bean Sidhe, but the distortion to reality caused
by the Shroud makes meaningful communication impos-
sible. (Some posit that a cooperative venture by fae and
wraiths might render some fruit, but such an alliance is
unlikely.) The cause for their condition is a mystery. Some
advance the theory that they are fae who pined away from
some great sorrow, while others insist that they are souls of
Kithain ripped from their bodies by the Ganconer (see
above). Although nightmarish, an assault from a banshee is
not necessarily fatal. Most banshees manage to maintain
some semblance of morality, even after all their suffering.

Most (though not all) seek only enough sustenance for their
needs, without killing. This is a difficult task for the Bean
Sidhe, however.

While draining the substances of others, the Shroud of
Nightmares turns on the banshee, making it difficult for her
tojudge the reality of heractions. The Shroud of Nightmares
is sentient (though alien) and tries everything it can to trick
the banshee into draining her victim until dead. The ban-
shee may resist this impulse by rolling her Willpower roll
versus the Shroud's. Success means she may break off the
attack after her first wail. Another roll may be made after
each additional attack. The Shroud gains something during
these exchanges, but nobody knows what.

Attributes: Possesses no Physical Attributes except for
Dexterity. All Social Attributes are distorted by the
Shroud of Nightmares. It is assumed that all Attributes
conform to the norm for a changeling.

Glamour: 7, Willpower: Variable, Pathos: 7 (Treat as
Glamour, if you don't have Wraith.)

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5

Talents: Vary widely.

Powers:

Shroud of Nightmares (Banshee's Wail) — The Shroud
of Nightmares drains Glamour from Kithain and Pathos
from wraiths. The banshee's wail causes a wave of sheer,
vertiginous horror to engulf its victims. The banshee rolls
her Glamour (difficulty 6) versus the victim's Willpower
(difficulty 7). For each success over the amount of her
opponent's roll, the banshee drains one point of Glamour
(or Pathos). If the changeling loses more than half of his
existing stock of that attribute, he may enter a state of
Bedlam. (Willpower roll: difficulty 6, two successes
needed to resist.) Wraiths go on Harrowings. If the Bean
Sidhe continues her attack, she will continue to drain
essence. Once the victim reaches zero Glamour or Pathos,
the banshee begins to draw Willpower, then finally
Health Levels (or Corpus). Each wail costs a point of
Glamour (to affect wraiths), or Pathos (to affect change-
lings). The Bean Sidhe gains a point of essence for every
two it steals. (The Shroud gets the rest.) In addition to all
this, the wail steals one memory (Storyteller's choice)
from its victim. The Shroud's Willpower is usually around
Tor 8.

Note: Because the banshee needs Pathos to affect
changelings and Glamour to affect wraiths, it becomes
more dangerous when confronted by both.

Incorporeal Nature — Banshees have no physical form,
whether in the mundane world, the Dreaming or the
Shadowlands. They may not be harmed physically, or
affected by any known Arts or Arcanos (at least sepa-
rately).

Chapter Six: Storytetler Section


‘The Lost Ones

The Shattering was an age of horrorand cruelty. Nature
itself turned on much of humanity, in the form ofa miniature
ice age. The Black Death decimated almost one quarter of
Europe. In fear and hatred, Europe turned on itself in a
paroxysm of religious intolerance. The shadow of the Inqui-
sition loomed black over many places, especially those with
a large Kithain or Prodigal presence. While the vampires
reached a crucial stage in their Jyhad, Banality threatened to
suffocate the changeling populace. Against this backdrop,
many changelings fled to Arcadia, while others survived
mingling their blood with humanity's. Some, however,
chose a third path. Wrapping themselves in whatever Glam-
our they could find, these fae walled themselves off in their
freeholds, never to reemerge.

Over time, as Banality rose, the power of these former
freeholds remained surprisingly constant. Indeed, they in-
creased in power. Now, here or there, there is a place where
a flower pushes its way through tarmac, or where beauty is
found in the bleakest of conditions. Humanity thrives in
these little paradises. They are glimmers of hope in a world
turned dark. Kithain, however, must stay well clear of these

hangri-Las. This is the riddle of the Lost Ones. Their legacy
one of hope tohumanity, inatime that it desperately needs
it, but it also is one of extreme danger to the Kithain.

Lost One freeholds are areas of great creativity for
humans: the Glamour here is untainted and plentiful. When
these places first appeared (around the mid-17th century)
many commoners first believed that it was the sidhe return-
ing. Ina sense, it was. Many flocked to these places, in the
hopes of easy Glamour. Lost One freeholds are maddeningly
creative and heady places for humans; for changelings,
however, they are places of unbridled Bedlam. Reality here

se mirror fashion. The changeling is

rendered incoherent as his deliberative functions are

torn from him one by one. Sometimes this effect is instant;

sometimes it takes hours. Some changelings never return

from these places, disappearing off the face of the earth.
do return, but few are ever the same.

ne changelings risk entering these freeholds to grab

y" Glamour. There are even some thrill seekers

(mostly wilders) who make Glamour raids, just for the

itement. Thispractice sodangerous that it is sometimes

referred to as "running the dragon's tail." These forays are

usually hit-and-run affairs, and can be exciting. Most tail

runners report that these zones are extremely challenging.

Reality orted here (especially in the Dreaming), though

not always in a bad way. The most insidious aspect of these

freehi in their seductive nature. Although nightmare

experiences occur, most are benign in demeanor (if not in

nature). It is generally true that the longer a changeling risks

92 Nobles: The Shining Host


the freehold, less the chance there is that she will come out
again.

Gaining Glamour: Changelings may gain one point of
Glamour every hour within these freeholds. The Glamour
here is pure and so potent that it even sets off epiphanies.
These epiphanies have none of the taint of those caused by
Ravaging. Epiphanies set off while ina Lost One freehold are
most like those encountered during a Reverie (see Change-
ling: The Dreaming). In order to gain Glamour or set off an
epiphany while in a Lost One freehold, a changeling must
make a connection with one of the human dreamers who
live there. Creative breakthroughs inspired in these inhab-
itants by the changeling is much faster than that inspired
under normal circumstances. The very air seems to spark
with creativity and artistic revelations occur like thunder-
bolts out of the blue. Most humans here are friendly and
receptive to artistic overtures on the part of the changeling.
To spark a Reverie the changeling must make a Charisma +
Kenning roll (difficulty 7); the number of successes deter-
mines how long the changeling takes to inspire the Dreamer.

1 success — eight hours

2 successes — six hours

3 successes — three hours

4 successes — one hour
5 successes — instant connection
After connecting, the changeling must stay with the

creator at least one hour, while she starts her masterpiece
(finishing it may take years). After an hour the changeling
may roll Perception + Empathy (difficulty 6); the number of
successes indicates the number of Glamour points gained.

Freehold Effects: The drive to inspire creativity in
humans isa race against time in these freeholds. The dangers
here are twofold. The first is that while in the freehold, the
changeling's psyche is exposed to raw Dreaming in its purest
sense. The chances of going into a state of Bedlam here are
great. Every hour the changeling must make a Willpower roll
(starting difficulty 6). Each hour the difficulty increases by
one. Once the difficulty reaches 10, the number of successes
needed increases by one per hour. With the first failure, the
changeling slips into the first threshold of Bedlam (see
Changeling: The Dreaming). Failure to make this roll in
subsequent hours drives the changeling into the second and
third thresholds of Bedlam. Those who reach the third
threshold quickly disappear into the local Dreaming, rarely
to be seen again. After reaching the first threshold, the

changeling must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 6, two
successes needed) in order to leave the freehold. An addi-
tional roll to leave may be made every hour, but not after the
changeling is in the third stage of Bedlam. The second
danger is that the changeling may be noticed by the Lost One
itself.

Lost Ones: Lost Ones rarely make direct contact with
changelings, instead letting them slip into Bedlam on their
own. Most Lost Ones no longer exist in a physical sense on
the mundane plane, but reside wholly in the Dreaming. Most
Lost Ones are detached from the minutiae of what occurs in
their freeholds, instead bathing in the Glamour of their
human dreamers. The Lost One makes a Perception +
Kenning roll (starting difficulty 10, two successes needed)
every hour to detect Kithain presence in its freehold. The
number of successes needed, and then the difficulty, de-
creases by one per subsequent hour.

In the Dreaming, Lost Ones usually manifest as very
potent Kithain (usually sidhe). They are extremely potent
sorcerers, especially in the Arts of Chicanery, Chronos and
Dream-Craft. They, of course, have large reserves of Glam-
ourtodraw from. Additionally, they have astrong affinity for
their freehold and cast all cantrips at -2 levels of difficulty.
Any cantrips cast against them here are at +2 difficulty. Lost
Ones typically have all manners of chimerical servants. Lost
Ones can rarely be found, unless they will it. They can cloak
themselves within their freeholds, rendering themselves
almost undetectable. Once the Lost One reveals itself,
changelings may make a Perception + Kenning roll (diffi-
culty 9, two successes needed) in order to track it.

Lost Ones generally mean no harm to visiting Kithain,
but use Bedlam to reinforce the borders of their freeholds
against Banality. Since Lost Onesare ina permanent (though
highly specialized) state of Bedlam themselves, they do not
consider driving others into this state to be much of a crime.
Once a changeling disappears into the Dreaming here, she
is watched over, and "cared for," by the Lost One. Most Lost
Ones consider changelings to be their "children." (They are
especially delighted by the sidhe's return.) Rescuing a friend
froma Lost One isa major undertaking. Lost Ones are unable
to leave their freeholds, though they may employ chimera to
extend their reach beyond these borders. Due to their
positive effects against Banality, Lost Ones are protected by
both noble and commoner law. In rare cases Lost Ones may
make alliances with other changelings.



y)

The Monarchs

The monarchs of Concordia are a powerful and di-
verse breed. They meet once a year (alternating between
Beltaine and Samhain) at a grand conclave at Tara-Nar.

High King David
(Hoase Gwydion ~ Concordia)

Often known as the "commoners' king," David Ardry
is still widely popular with both commoners and nobles.
He also has some powerful enemies among the sidhe's
feudal nobility. Groups such as the Beltaine Blade view
him as far too reform-minded. They publicly back the
concept of a high king, while privately working to under-
cut his authority.

Despite his reputation as a benign ruler, however,
David is no pushover. He is a shrewd, and at times
Machiavellian, political operator. This does not affect his
ultimate goal of a more egalitarian society for all Kithain,
but he has made some unpalatable political alliances.
David is not only supported by the commoners, but by
several of his fellow monarchs. Queen Mab, Duke Topaz,

[)

Queen Mary Elizabeth and Queen Laurel are all strong
supporters of David. Queen Aeron and Queen Morganna
show deference, but are generally cool toward him. King
Meilge shows some antipathy towards him.


Princess Lenore
(House Gwydion/Doagad

Although he is still single, King David has an heir.
When Queen Andalura was assassinated in 1985, David
took her then-infant daughter, the Princess Lenore, as his
ward and heir apparent. The move has further cemented
the traditionally strong ties between Houses Dougal and
Gwydion. The Princess Lenore is tutored by David's
chamberlain, Baron Edgewick. Lenore is a typical sidhe
childling. She is intelligent, full of life and somewhat
spoiled. She spends most of her time in the palace of Tara-

Chief Greyhawk

a " "
(Hoase Gwydion — Kingdom
of the Rarning San)

Chief Greyhawk (formerly King Videll) is something
of an aberration by sidhe standards. Although born to one
of the finest families in House Gwydion, he draws criticism
from many changelings for "going native." Greyhawk is
one of the very few Kithain who enjoys friendship with the
native nunnehi. Nunnehi fill some of the most important
positions in his court. As a result of this alliance, nunnehi
attacks in his kingdom are virtually unknown. Chief
Greyhawk and Duke Topaz (see below) are often at odds
because nunnehi rebels in the Kingdom of the Feathered
Snake use Greyhawk's lands as a staging area for their
raids. The border between their kingdoms is one of the
major hotspots in Concordia. "Sun and Serpent" is now a
part of the changeling lexicon, a variation of "between a
rock and a hard place." Chief Greyhawk is a just ruler, but
is known to have a strong temper.

Fa ES
Qaeen Mab
(Hoase Fiona ~— Kingdom of
Apples)

Queen Mab is the oldest (and most feel the wisest) of
Concordia's monarchs. She is a strong Reformer and was
instrumental in King David's rise to power. She is a
stabilizing influence in Concordian politics and a strong
counterweight to the excesses of some sidhe Traditional-
ists. A canny and puissant monarch, she brooks little in
the way of court intrigue and is known to have the most


ordered court in Concordia. Despite her public antipathy
toward government by reune, she is heavily involved in
behind-the-scenes political maneuvering, through her
membership in the Cat's Cradle. She is a visionary ruler,
who clearly sees (or so she thinks) the converging forces of
the coming Winter. She is an inclusive ruler, who believes
that the only opportunity for Kithain survival is unity
across all lines of kith and court. Queen Mab's court of
Caer Palisades has more commoners in positions of power
than any other, including Tara-Nar. Queen Mab is a
formidable grandame of great, though aging, beauty.

King Meilae
(House Filaned — Kingdom of
Willows)

Despite his reputation as a mad and violent despot, King
Meilge is one of the most charismatic leaders among the sidhe.
He is known for his strong "common touch." Despite his
dictatorial tendencies, he still enjoys strong popular support
among many commoners. His leadership style has a strong
"cult of personality" clement to it. He is considered something
of an enigma to many changelings, because he straddles the
breadth of the political spectrum. He is sometimes a fierce
Traditionalist; at other times, a Modernist. Many attribute
this duality to his strong Unseelie streak. His kingdom is also
known for its corruption. Criminal changelings of all kith use
his realm asa base of operations. Meilge is considered to be the
"godfather" of this element and is as a consequence extremely
wealthy. His freehold palace overlaps an opulent high-rise in
the heart of Atlanta's business district. He is the de facto leader
of the Golden Sickle. King Meilge's face is badly scarred and
he wears an ornate half-mask of alabaster and gold.

Qaeen Laaretl
(House Fiona — Kingdom of
Northern Ice)

Qucen Laurel is easily the most passionate and tem-
pestuous of Concordia's monarchs. She is loving and
nurturing one moment, then cold and aloof, then fiery and

resolute. All these personality changes are made well
within the confines of a strong Seclie persona, however.

Laurel is, perhaps, Concordia's most potent monarch.
She is both brilliant and inspired in her leadership; she also
has the distinction of being the most accomplished of
sorceresses among Concordia's first tier leadership. Even
King David exercises little control over her. Speculation
about her isa favorite pastime among the fae of Concordia.
Her roller-coaster love affair/arranged marriage with the
Shadow Court lord, Duke Rococo, is of special interest.
Any one who believe that this affair presages imminent
Shadow Court control of her kingdom is in for a surprise.
If anything, Duke Rococo will be the one who converts.
Queen Laurel is no one's tool. She is considered a singer of
near-legendary talent among the sidhe (a high honor
indeed). She is a grand diva and part owner of a major
Canadian metropolitan opera company.

Queen Mary Elizabeth
(House Doagat— Kingdom of
Grass)

In the best of House Dougal tradition, Queen Mary

Elizabeth is known as a pragmatic and capable administra-
tor. Her kingdom is inclusive, toa point, but she is a strong

97


Traditionalist. The commoners over whom she rules are
also of this mind. Most commoners here strongly support
the concept of the monarchy. Commoners of other king-
doms often observe (somewhat sardonically) that the
common kith here "know their place." Queen Mary Eliza-
beth has little patience for corruption or vacillation. Her
court is extremely ordered and efficient. Mary Elizabeth is
not particularly attractive by sidhe standards. She is un-
married and purposefully projects a "spinster aunt" image.
Despite her generally Traditionalist outlook, she is a
strong proponent of using all available resources. This
includes the use of human technological advances.

Queen Aeron
(Hoase Fiona — Kingdom of
Pacifica)

The youngest of Concordia's rulers, Queen Aeron is
still early in her wilder years. Initially spoiled, Aeron was
forced to grow up quickly in the wake of the assassination of
her uncle, King Sean. For a brief period following her
coronation, she exhibited strong leadership abilities and a
propensity for reform. All this changed, however, when she
fell in love with the satyr Hamal. Her court is fast falling into
chaosas she lapses into a coma of decadence. None of her old
friends or advisors can reach her; she now listens only to
Hamal. It is strongly rumored that she is sliding swiftly
toward the Shadow Court. For more on Queen Aeron see
Chapter Four of Immortal Eyes: The Toybox.

Queen Morganna
(House Gwydion — Kingdom
of White Sands)

NoConcordian monarch except, perhaps, King David
inspires the love and adoration of the subjects like Queen
Morganna. Morganna is the quintessential wise and be-
nevolent sidhe noble. She is also a strong Romanticist (a
Cerenaic). The pursuit of pleasure is a major part of her
court's function, but she is no idle hedonist. Pleasure in all
its forms is a way toward enlightenment among many in
her court. Artists, Romanticists, all manners of spiritual
seekers (and no few degenerates) visit her court at Caer
Flamingo. There are even a few Cult of Ecstasy mages


among the palace's complement. Few stay long, however.
The spiritual demands of the court are too rigorous for
most hedonists, who prefer their pleasure without strings
attached. Morganna uses sensuality as a means of empow-
erment and is one of Concordia's most energetic and
progressive leaders. Her beauty and her political acumen
are legendary, even among the sidhe.

Dake Topaz,
(House Gwydion — Kingdom
of the Feathered Snake)

Duke Topaz is distrusted by many sidhe, because of his
membership in the Brotherhood of Thor (an ancient
oathbound motley of trolls). He is also the constant target of
nunnehi attack and commoner criticism (for failing to con-
trol the nunnehi). All this is unfortunate, because Topaz is
both a benign and competent ruler. He just happens to have
an impossible task. The nunnehi are more powerful here than
anywhere else in Concordia and most of them are in full
revolt. Topaz routinely attempts to reach some kind of accord
with the nunnehi leadership, but they are mostly unreceptive.

Topaz's job is made all the more difficult by Shadow
Court involvement in the rebellion. Additionally, Mexico
is a stronghold for both the Sabbat (who have an alleged
alliance with the Shadow Court) and the Pentex Corpo-
ration. At least one Mexican subsidiary of this company is
aware of the fae, and recent attacks by hideous creatures
have been recorded. Topaz's knights are a powerful coali-
tion of trolls, sidhe and other kith, but they are increasingly
hard pressed to defend the kingdom. Topaz is one of King
David's best, most trusted generals. If he can't save the
kingdom, no one can.

Other Nobles

Concordia's monarchs are a powerful and engaged
breed. Their influence on Concordian affairs is consider-
able, but often dwarfed by the kingdom's "second-tier"
nobility. These nobles are a dynamic, crafty and puissant
collection. They vary widely in their comportment, goals
and methods. Although the list below consists predomi-
nantly of Seelie nobles, a few Unseclies have risen to
prominence (or, more likely, notoriety).

Baron Edgewick
(House Gwydion)

Professor Edgewick is a graybeard scholar and reformer,
respected among fae of most camps. He is King David's
chancellor and was also an advisor to King Dyfell. As such he
is privy to many of the upper nobility's secrets, despite his
relatively low title. He is also the tutor to the High King's
heir, Princess Lenore. Although he often appears absent-
minded or even foolish, he is one of Concordia's foremost
thinkers and diplomats. His value as an "honest broker"
often serves all fae well, as he negotiates difficult disputes
between disparate factions. He is especially revered by the

common kith (despite his association with Dyfell). He has
earned their trust and friendship and is especially well
respected by the trolls. He is even known to negotiate on
David's behalf with the Shadow Court. Despite his popular-
ity, he has several powerful enemies. Edgewick is a common
fixture in the Parliament of Dreams and often outmaneuvers
the machinations of the Beltaine Blade there. Duke Dray is
known to be especially perturbed at having his carefully laid
schemes defeated by a "mere" baron.

Chapter Seven: The Nobility of Concordia 99


GeneralLyros
(Catacomb Clab)

General Lyros is a former general of the 4th Troll
Commons Infantry and the current "leader of the opposi-
tion" in the Parliament of Dreams. Lyros is a powerful troll
of noble heritage and father to Duke Topaz. Although he
is now a strong Traditionalist, he is also a political enemy
of the Beltaine Blade and Duke Dray. These credentials,
pared with his reputation for "telling things like they are,"
earn him the occasionally fanatical adoration of many
commoners (especially his fellow trolls). Prior to the
Resurgence, Lyros was one of the most powerful com-
moner nobles. As such, he is seen as something of a symbol
by many commoners who resent sidhe rule. Lyros, how-
ever, has made his peace with the sidhe victors. He now
seeks to build a better society for all kith, under King
David's rule. Lyros spends most of his time out of freeholds,
traveling the country. He is thus fairly advanced in years.

Dake Pwvffett
(Golden Sickle)

Many commoners pin their best hopes for equality on
this slick, young, up-and-coming pooka. Pwyffelt is a
wilder hellion. Many sidhe consider him vulgar, but he
just laughs and invites more of his commoner friends to
crash their noble soirees. He has the respect of some sidhe,
however, because of his ability to fence their verbal jabs
stroke for stroke. Some consider him to be all image and
short on substance. This impression, while understand-
able, is incorrect. Pwyffelt is a committed Modernist, in
both a cultural and political sense. He does more than
anyone to advance Modernist ideals in the Parliament of

Nobtes: The Shining Host

Dreams. His style and his ideals often land him in some jam
or other. He often extricates himself from these through
pooka trickery, though on more than one occasion he has
been forced into a duel. He is one of the best shots with a
pistol (real or chimerical) in Concordia.

Coant Vogon
(House Ailil - Shadow Coart)

Count Vogon is one of the few openly Unseelie nobles
to hold power among the Seelie nobility. A potent sidhe
sorcerer, Vogon is feared by many of the fae who live in his
Pacifica dukedom. Some believe that he may be responsible
for Queen Aeron's descent into decadence and her flirta-
tions with the Shadow Court. He is a frequent fixture at her

645


freehold. Vogon is also a member of the Parliament of
Dreams and often attempts to play the commoners against
the sidhe. He is also suspected by some to have unsavory
contacts among the Prodigals and even, some whisper, the
Fomorians. Lady Sierra was recently held prisoner in his
freehold. She was not released, despite several personal
requests from Queen Mab. Although she escaped, he is
blamed by some for her subsequent disappearance.

Coantess Anne
(Noase Eilaned — Cat's Cradle)

Unabashedly Unseelieand unrepentantly undisciplined,
Countess Anne nevertheless has the respect of some of
Concordia's greatest monarchs. She is a close advisor to
Queen Mab and one of the most active forces behind the Cat's
Cradle. She is a sidhe wilder, born since the Resurgence. She
isknown to have little patience for the "old fogies," especially
Lady Sierra, whom she considers to be too cautious and
deliberate. Countess Anne is a constantly whirling center of
constructive (and destructive) energy. She attends a presti-
gious New England prep school (her sorority will never
recover), while at the same time performing her responsibili-
ties in the Cat's Cradle. Although Unseelie, she considers
much of the Shadow Court to be as stodgy and hidebound as
the Seelie Court. She is also known to have a number of
contacts among the Children of Lilith known as Malkavians.

Dake Dray
(House Gwydion ~ Rettaine Blade)

To most Kithain (commoners and noble), Duke Dray
is a twopenny joke; a comic-opera villain who twirls his

mustache and curses vainly as yet another scheme is foiled.
In short, he is considered a laughingstock, despite his
political power. Duke Dray would not have it any other
way. The duke is his own lightning rod, a past master of
political sleight-of-hand and ten-times-removed intrigue.
For every minor, though well-publicized, setback encoun-
tered at the hands of the Cat's Cradle, the Red Branch (or
that intrepid band of player characters), Dray's plans move
forward two steps. Dray is widely thought to be Unseelie,
perhaps a member of the Shadow Court. This perception
is one of the greatest misconceptions in Concordian
politics. The duke is fanatically Seelie, so much so that he
has little in common with any other Seelie fae.

Dray is one of the Harbingers of Spring (see Change-
ling: The Dreaming). He seeks to precipitate the coming
Winter through the unbalanced imposition of Seelie power
over all fae. To this end, his founding of and membership
in the Beltaine Blade are just further diversions. The blood
of high kings runs in Dray's veins (he was King Dytell's
cousin) and he is old, even by sidhe standards. In addition
to his political mastery, Dray is a supremely powertul
sorcerer. He possesses Arts lost even to the greatest of fac
scholars. He is particularly potent in the Arts of Sovereign,
Chronos and Dream-Craft. He possesses a freehold in the
Far Dreaming. To Dray, any means justify his ends. He,
thus, has allies of many persuasions, including Unseelie
fae. One of his most recent and potent allies is Lady
Alexandria, a powerful sorcerer in her own right, and one
of Lord Dyfell's assassins. (See Goblin-Town in Freeholds
and Hidden Glens.) Dray takes a particular delight in
matching wits with the Ranter leader, Ravachol.


Ravachot
(The Ranters)

Ravachol is a shadowy figure at best. Many believe
that he is a former sidhe noble, perhaps of House Dougal.
No one knows for sure. He is an ardent and violent
revolutionary who deplores sidhe rulership in all its forms.
The Ranters despise the more moderate forces among the
sidhe almost as much as they hate the Traditionalists.
Many nobles feel that there really isn'ta Ravachol, that he
is a fictional figure akin to General Ludd (the fictional
leader of the Luddites). He is often depicted as a black cat
trickster, in the commoner folklore of his supporters.

The Ranters are not faint-hearted, armchair revolu-
tionaries. They are the real thing. Despite their occasionally
just accusations of the sidhe nobility, the Ranters often go far
beyond the pale. The Ranters are responsible for numerous
atrocities, though they never harm commoners. Ravachol is
personally charged with over 40 terrorist actions, including
kidnapping and murder. The authorities have yet to catch
him, however, and with each narrow escape, his popularity
among the disaffected Kithain of Concordia grows. Many
believe that despite his violent activities, Ravachol sub-
scribes to a strong internal code of honor.

Dake Gaile
(House Filaned — Crystal Circle)

Duke Guile is sometimes referred to as the "Scarlet
Sorcerer." He is the opposite of the scholarly graybeards that
most associate with the Crystal Circle. He is dramatic,
flamboyant and a master of Chicanery and Dream-Craft. He
hasa tendency to show up at the most unexpected times and

Nobles: The Shining Host

places. He often disappears for long stretches of time in the
Dreaming and returns with wondrous tales and iteks. To
those who only know him casually, he seems to perpetually
zigzag between the two courts. In fact, he dances a tightrope
between the two, never falling completely into either camp.
Guile's greatest strength, and weakness, is that he is a
hopeless romantic. His affairs are eclectic, tosay the least. He
is highly experimental in his choice of romantic liaisons,
wooing first a sidhe duchess and then her satyr stable boy.
Most figure him to be a Cerenaic, but he is really a Shallotian
romantic, Guile knows even more about the Dreaming than
most of his Crystal Circle compatriots, but he rarely answers
questions about it completely.

Coant Chronos
(House Liam — Former Red
Branch)

Many fae, gallain, humans and others have good rea-
sons for thanking this stalwart, mendicant street knight.
Count Chronos was once one of the Red Branch's greatest
knights, until his forced expulsion. None but the Red
Branch know the circumstances of his ouster, but there is not
asingle Red Brancher who speaks ill ofhim. Now he wanders
the world, righting wrongs, aiding those in need and fighting
for a better world for all. Although essentially a loner,
Chronos has unsolicited allies throughout Concordia and
beyond. These supporters are fae of all kith and camps, as well
as many humans, though few suspect his faerie nature. (It is
rumored that he has a mortal lover.) Although he may turn
up anywhere, he shows a special propensity for protecting
the homeless. He is a trusted confidant and occasional
traveling partner of Lady Sierra. Count Chronos is one of the


best swordsmen in Concordia. He is also a master of the
Wayfare and Chronos (of course) Arts. Count Chronos
appears as a tall, imposing sidhe wilder, approaching
grumpdom. He has long red hair, going white, and usually
wears a dirty trenchcoat.

Lady Alexandria
(House Fiona)

A river couldn't wash away all the blood on
Alexandria's hands. Her taste for murder led her to drown
her baby sister when she was four years old. Her parents
were led into an ambush outside Lord Dafyll's estate. Only
she survived (by "hiding"). She was adopted by Lord

Dyfell. After Dafyll's untimely death her crimes grew
further apart to avoid suspicion. She has the common
touch and is loved by the commoners, who have decided
to forgive and forget that she was the daughter of the hated
Lord Dafyll. Her long-time, redcap companion, Rat Breath,
is both her bodyguard and most consistent lover. Al-
though all these affairs have been on her terms, it is
possible that she may come to a bad end eventually. She
secretly despises Lady Sierra, who has been like a mother
to her. She is also an extremely potent magician.

Lady Alexandria has skin like polished mahogany,
eyes like bronze in firelight and the form of a goddess. She
has long, straight black hair and dresses in ornate silks of
red and gold. She doesn't walk; she glides. In court she
carries a redwood staff with a carved serpent twined
around it. Inall things she radiates the beauty, the strength
and the dignity of the sidhe. Too bad she's such a rotter.
(For more on Lady Alexandria, see the Goblin-Town entry

in Freeholds and Hidden Glens.)

~—

A

Lady Sierra
(House Gwydion — Cat's Cradle)

Lady Sierra is a warrior sidhe of House Gwydion and a
well-respected figure at Tara-Nar. Lady Sierra's aid and coun-
sel is sought out by all of Concordia's Seelie monarchs, and she
has the High King's ear. She is also one of the oldest known
fae in Concordia. It is rumored that she remembers the Time
of Legends, though she neither confirms nor denies this.
Although she is unremittingly Seelie in outlook (Reely-Seelie,
according to Countess Anne), she is known to tolerate those
who aren't. Like Count Chronos, Lady Sierra is a wandering
protector of the innocent and has a high reputation among


the commoners of Concordia. Although powerful, with a
force and wisdom gathered over centuries, her power seems to
be on the wane. Those who notice this fact mourn it more
than they would the demise of any king. Her slow deteriora-
tion is seen by some as a metaphor for the diminishing power
of the Dreaming: a foreshadow of the onset of Winter.

Her life since the Resurgence has been marred by trag-
edy. She was the long-time oathmate and lover of Lord Dafyll.
When he died a spark seemed to pass from her. Much of her
love since that time has focused on her adopted daughter, the
Lady Alexandria. It isa bitter irony, known tonone, that Lady
Alexandria was the force behind Dyfell's assassination. Lady
Sierra is, perhaps, the prime mover behind the Cat's Cradle.
She routinely undertakes many arduous tasks on behalf of
Kithain unity and is known to have many contacts among the
commoners and the Prodigals. Her recent disappearance has
caused great consternation among Concordia's monarchs,
particularly because those at the highest centers of power
have uncovered evidence of Fomorian involvement.

Coant Flavias

Count Flavius is not very well respected by his fellow
nobles, but in the human world he is considered something
of a god. Handsome in the extreme, he is a phenomenal
success in the cheesy romantic novella market. His glamor-
ous features grace the covers of hundreds of florid paperbacks.
His fans are mostly bored housewives. He has even "tried his
hand at writing." (He has no talent whatsoever.) Most sidhe
admit (albeit reluctantly) that he is a decent fellow, just
tiresome. He is strongly Seelie, but some rumor that is
because his Unseelie side was torn away in some sort of
chimerical accident. "Evil-twin" rumors about him run wild.

(Something about a magic mirror.)

Dake Astertan
(House Fiona)

When Duke Asterlan disappeared in 1976 (see
Asterlan), it was a cause of great sorrow among the fae.
Although some of his more dazzling accomplishments are
somewhat exaggerated, he was a man of uncommon merit
nonetheless. A minor cult of personality devoted to his
memory now stretches throughout Concordia. Mostly
made up of wilders (noble and commoner), these fae strive
to honor his memory by emulating his heroic deeds. Some
malcontents scorn this movement and even imply that
Asterlan was no hero, but a despot. They delight in
pointing out logical and historical inconsistencies in the
accounts of his exploits. The story of his quest for Arcadia
is a special target for their derision. Few Kithain are fooled
by this historical revisionism, though. If anything,
Asterlan's legend continues to grow.

Some wags call Asterlan the "Elvis Presley of the
Kithain," because of the many sightings of him, and his
company, in recent years. While the general consensus is
that Asterlan died while questing for Arcadia, reports of
these sightings persist. Usually these witnesses speak of
being delivered from peril by a group of ghostly Kithain,
surrounded by a gray mist and accompanied by a screaming
wind. A common thread in all of these accounts describes
how Banality miraculously lifts in the troop's presence.
These stories are gaining great currency among the foolish
and the superstitious. Sophisticated Kithain, of course,
know better.



ight, Protector of the Reatm

Quote: Halt, in the name of King David! Roleplaying Hints: As an athlete, you knew the thrill
Background: Born toa middle class family, in middle of winning a victory for yourself. Now, as one of the newest
America, you always knew what your calling was. Aborn __ knights of the Red Branch, you are part of something far
athlete, you enjoyed running faster, jumping higher and _ bigger and finer than that. You are a protector of the fae
enduring more than anyone else. Everyone always said  andhumanity,amember of aproud tradition that stretches
itwasn'tlady-like; thata girl as pretty back to the dawn of time. Born in Arcadia, after the
as youshould be on the side lines, - Shattering, your human life is all you remember and you
cheerleading. Hah! You choose not to sever those ties. You deal with humans
showed them. The sports you * better than many sidhe. It is up to the fae to lead
chose weren't very femi- H ' humanity toa greater destiny. It is up to the sidhe
nine, either. You were able : 4 y to lead the fae and up to House Gwydion to
to beat most of the boys "4 Nags? ‘ lead the sidhe. You are eager to live up
on the boxing team. Your a! 4 oy » to your part in this grand destiny
favorite was fencing, P.. > | with courage, dignity and bravery.
though. You felt like youwere ‘ TWh ; } Equipment: Chimeric blade
born with a blade in your hand. That turned { : \. and armor, flak jacket, heavy
out to be true, in away. At age 13 you is) ae ss pistol, Squire Gulliver.
discovered your true heritage, that / 2 »
you are part of a proud tradition of /
warrior nobles. The Fior-Reigh wasa_/
cake walk. That's been six years. /,
Nowyou'rea well respected knight /
and one of the newest members of

the Red Branch.


Concept: righ, Potecton of the Realn
Court: Seie
House: Guycion

Legacies: Hrbain / Beat
Romantic Legacies: Hotector / Martyx
Political Impulse: /edtioneit

Seeming: //ir
Kith: Site
Society: Hed Branch

AccriouTces

Physical

Strength,
Dexterity.
Stamina,

eecee0
@ee00
@ee00

Social

©0000
@0000
e000e0

Charisma.
Manipulation
Appearance

CDencal

Perception,
Intelligence
Wits

@ee00
@e@000
@e@e@00

‘Talencs
Alertness @0000
Athletics @eee0
Brawl @e000e0
Dodge @@000
Empathy. OO0000
Expression, OOO0O0O
Intimidation. OO0000
Kenning. @0000
Streetwise OO00O0
Subterfuge 00000

Notices

Skills
Crafts
Drive
Etiquette.
Firearms
Leadership
Melee
Performance
Security.
Stealth,
Survival.

00000
OO0000
@0000
@@000
@@000
@eee0
00000
00000
00000
@@000

Knouiledges
Computer. OO000O0
Enigmas. OO00O0
Investigation. @0000
Law. OO0O000
Linguistics, OO0000
Medicine OO0000
Mythlore @0000
Occult 00000
Politics @0000
Science 00000

Backgrounds
Resources @@000
Redinue @0000
Title (Knight) @0000
Treauine @ee@00

OOO00O0

Advantages
Arcs
DieanrCnft __———— ®0000

Primal @0000
Soveneiqn @e@000
OOO00O
OOO0O0O

Realms
Fae @@000
Netue 0000
Pops 000
_ 0000
00000

—Odrcher Traits ==

Temporal Sone @@000
Dream lore @@000

Glamour
@e@e@e@ed000000
NQOOO0OO0000

—— Ullpower
@e@e@eo000000
NOOO00OO0000

Banalizy

@e@e@eod0000000
QOOO00O00000

Es edh_=
Bruised
Hurt 1
Injured -1
Wounded -2
Mauled 2
Crippled 5

Incapacitated

= Gcperience

boooovoocod


Quote: I'm in trouble? But, I enjoy trouble.
Background: Born into a life of wealth and privilege, you have never had to work a day in your life. You realized at
5 an early age that you could charm anyone, especially mom and dad. Life is so easy and
pleasurable. You attended the most prestigious prep-schools, but dropped out
* to go traveling through Europe. You discovered your true nature, when you
2 hit Paris. The Fior-Reigh was very enjoyable. Paris is a blast for
changelings. You shuttle between there and
New York on a regular basis now. The Art
of the Game is now your life.

Roleplaying Hints: Beautiful, even by
sidhe standards, you find it very easy to get
what you want. "Beguiling" doesn't begin to de-
scribe you. You realize that you're a pre-Shattering
faerie, but you find it very difficult to make
contact with those memories. What you
do know about, however, is the present
and the modern world. It's a blast! You
travel very freely between the two worlds,
a equally at ease in either. You are a Roman-
2 ticist in the classical sense of the word. You
** are extremely flamboyant, especially in your
~  fashionsense. You strongly favor classical styles
with a modern twist. You attend all the latest
social functions. Partying is an art form that you have
mastered. Well, sort of. You realize that there are those
who do it better, but you're about to break into the big
league. You realize that some sidhe "Society Romanti-
cists" are snobs, who look down their nose at you, but

you have much more fun than they ever will.

Equipment: Cosmetics, 600 suits of clothing, red
sports car, revolver, troll boyfriend, private jet.


Concept: Homarticit Cavalien
Court: Sadie

House: Fiona

Legacies: Cowtien / Peacock

Seeming: (/ithr

Romantic Legacies: Komatic / Gameter Kith: Site
Political Impulse: Modemit / hacitiondit Society: Cownaic

Accrioutes

Physical

Strength,
Dexterity.
Stamina,

@@000
@eee0
@@000

Social

@eee0
___ @@000

Charisma.
Manipulation.
Appearance

ecccee Wits

CDencal

Perception,
Intelligence.

@0000
@@000
@ee00

Aodiiaes

Talenzs
Alertness OOO00O0
Athletics @0000
Brawl OOO00O
Dodge @@000
Empathy. @@000
Expression, @e@e@00
Intimidation OO0000
Kenning. @@000
Streetwise OO0000
Subterfuge. @@000

Skills
Crafts
Drive
Etiquette.
Firearms
Leadership
Melee
Performance.
Security.
Stealth,

Survival

OO0000
00000
@eee00
00000
00000
@0000
@@000
OO0000
@0000
OO0000

Knowledges
Computer. 00000
Enigmas @@000
Investigation. OO000O0
Law__ OOOO
Linguistics_Frenh __ @0000
Medicine 00000
Mythlore. 00000
Occult. 00000
Politics @0000
Science OOO0O0O0

Backgrounds

@@000
eecce
@0000
@@000
00000

Dreamens
he CHUN

Reine
Title (Baronew)

Advancages
Arcs

Chicane
DueanrCoft __— ®0000

@0000
Sovenei @@000
OO000O0
OO0000

—Ocher Traits ==
Arb rique @0000
Seduction eeee0

Temporal Sonue @@000
Dream lone @@000

Glamour
@@e@e@e@O000000
QOOOO0O00000

—— Ulllpower
@@e00000000
NQOOOO000OO000

Banahizy

@e@e@ed0000000
QOOO0000000

—— Peach
Bruised
Hurt
Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled

Incapacitated
== Gcperience

ooooccco


Street Knight

Quote: Wake up, idiots!

Background: Born toHouse Liam, you got the straight scoop on things right away, from your mortal mom and dad.
They taught you abouedhe Virtues of humanity and its follies. Unlike most sidhe, your parents were not extraordinarily
wealthy, forcing yott tomakea life for yourself. Although you spent some time in the army and college, most of your life
has been off the greet Fou earned your knighthood. Big deal.

aying Hints: You are'a-post-Resurgence rebel. You question whether all the grandeur of the sidhe is not
"tendered irrelevant by all the suffering of the world. You are told by some that you
are too serious about your connections with humanity. Most sidhe, outside of your
House, you realize, are blind to the truly desperate plight of humanity,
especially to those living on the streets. This world is crumbling, froma billion
dark forces. You are frustrated. The sidhe could be such a positive force, but
so many of them turn in on each other, with their petty bickering and
political games. Well, you do your best. You are on the streets
everyday, protecting society's weakest members from the thou-
sand and one indignities they suffer. You've made some

intéresting friends on the way.
Equipment: Collapsible sword, sawed off shotgun, trench

coat, sunglasses.


Concepts Steet knight
Court: Sadie

House: Liam

Legacies: Hibdin / Outhw
Romantic Legacies: /ian/ / Cynic
Political Impulse: fonrer

Seeming: l/r
Kith: Site
Society: Our of Shalbt

Accrivuces

Physical

Strength
Dexterity.
Stamina.

eeee0
@ee00
@ee00

Social
Charisma @@000
Manipulation @e@e00
Appearance. @e@e@00

CDencal

Perception,
Intelligence.
Wits.

@ee@00
@@000
@@000

Nodiicies

Talenzs
Alertness @@000
Athletics. @e@e@00
Brawl @@000
Dodge @@000
Empathy. 00000
Expression OO0000
Intimidation @@000
Kenning. @0000
Streetwise @e@e@00
Subterfuge. @0000

Skills
Crafts
Drive.
Etiquette
Firearms
Leadership.
Melee.
Performance
Security.
Stealth

Survival

OOO0O
@0000
00000
@@000
@0000
@e@e@00
00000
@0000
@0000
@0000

Knowledges
Computer. 00000
Enigmas. OO0000
Investigation @@000
Law @0000
Linguistics OO0O00O
Medicine @0000
Mythlore 00000
Occult @0000
Politics. 00000
Science 00000

Backgrounds
Contacts (Bae Graven & Hose Sahel ©0898
Treawre @0000
Tod @0000

OOO00O
OOO00O

Advancages
Arcs

- rd emain @0000
imal, @0000
Weayfane @0000

00000
OOO00O0

@@0@00
@0000
@0000
OO00O
00000

—Ocher Traics ==
Temporal Sone @0000

Glamour
e@e@ee@ee@e00000
OQOOOO0O0O0O0O000

—— Ullpower
@e@o00000000
OQOOOO00000

Banalicy

@e@e@eo0000000
QOOO000000

ee ——
Bruised
Hurt
Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

—— Cperience

Oocovcco


Quote: Et tu, darling?

Background: Dad carved this territory out
with sweat and blood. He was a great man, but
Mumsy said he was "out to get you." Mumsy
is always right. After dad died, you be-
came baron. Since that time you've
depleted most of dad's money pay- /
ing for ever greater numbers of Md i
guards to protect you from those ;
damned commoners. These days
you hardly ever leave your free-
hold, preferring its comforts and
plentiful Glamour over the harsh-
ness of the real world.

Roleplaying Hints: Why do
your people despise you so? Why?

You only want what's best for

them! Law, order, the old ways.

All right, you don't remember

the old ways, but Mumsy described
them to you well enough. People
obeyed the sidhe in those days. Now
it'snothing but problems. The people
are surly and unappreciative, so you've
hired some red-cap enforcers. More
trouble, more enforcers. Now you're
more afraid of your own guards, than
you are of the people. Sometimes you
don't leave your room for days. The
red-caps are trashing the place! And
let's not forget your liege, Countess
Anne. She hates you for no reason, and
is threatening to bring your "abuses" to
the queen. Damn! But you're not licked,
yet. You hear those sluagh guards are
pretty good...

Equipment: Oak staff with iron
tip, revolver, flak jacket, Get-a-Way
Trod.


Concept: Faanoid Baron
Court: lhedie
House: Fdined

Legacies: Outhw / Regent
Romantic Legacies: 7
Political Impulse: hacitiond it

Seeming: Grim
Kith: Site
Society: Bdtine Bad

Physical
Strength @@000

Dexterity @@000
Stamina. @@000

AccrRioUuTes

Social
Charisma,
Manipulation, @G0@8
Appearance @@0@00

@eee0

CDencal

Perception.
Intelligence
Wits

@@000
@e@000
@e@600

‘Talencs
Alertness 00000
Athletics. OOOO0O
Brawl 00000
Dodge @0000
Empathy. OOO00O
Expression. @@000
Intimidation Veiled Theat @@@@O
Kenning @@000
Streetwise OO0000
Subterfuge. @@000

Aodiiaies

Shills

00000
@0000
00000
00000
@@000
00000
00000
@0000
00000
00000

Crafts.

Drive
Etiquette
Firearms.
Leadership.
Melee
Performance
Security.
Stealth,

Survival,

Knowledges
Computer. 00000
Enigmas OOO00O
Investigation OOO00O0
Law. @@000
Linguistics 00000
Medicine 00000
Mythlore @0000
Occult. OO0000
Politics. @e@e00
Science OO000O0

Backgrounds

@@000
@@000
@@000
@0000
eecce
@@000
@0000

Dreamens

Holdings

Political Connections
Resources

Retinue

Title (Baron)

Tod

Advantages
Arzs
Dreamenaft @0000

Soath

Sovenei

@0000
@@000
00000
00000
00000
O0000

—Ocher Traits =

rb rique @e@000

Temporal Sense @0000
Dream lore @ee@00

Glamour
@e@e@eo0000000
OQOOOOOOO000

—— UIlpower
@e@ee@e@e@e0O0000
OQOOOOOO0000

Banahizy
@ee@e@e@00000
OOOO rari

Bruised

Hurt -l
Injured -l
Wounded -2
Mauled -2
Crippled 5

Incapacitated
sommes XPCRICHEE

Ooooocdo


jf Techno-Girlt
yy Quote: Your majesty. Your Majesty. Can me and my
friends go out to play? (Winsome smile.)

Background: You were born at House Dougal and
have lived here all your life. You are ten now and know™
all about this Kithain stuff. You can make toys which
are the envy of all your friends — though you have _
toenchant them first before they can see them. But

SS you don't see anything wrong with that. Of course ;
you have to be careful that no one catches you,
for some reason the grumps seem to get angry
at when you enchant your friends. iy d

Roleplaying Hints: House Dougal's been)" 7
good to you and Pops. Pops wasa loyalist during the
Accordance War and got a countship out of it. ~
Youand Pops are pookas, and believe me, its -
not always easy for pookas these days. The
Dougals got more cool stuff than anybody,

‘cept maybe the nockers. Most of them are jerks,

but old Isaac is pretty cool and he shows you stuff.

You know trouble's brewing and you want to help.
All the wildees and grump-heads tell you to keep out
of the way, though. You can do stuff, though. Cool
stuff. You and the other "childlings" (sheesh, you're
kids) keep an eye on them. Some are not too bright.

You know you're cute enough to get away with most
things. You look for a chance to prove yourself.

Equipment: Lap top computer, professional grade
chemistry lab, firecrackers, slingshot.


Concept: kehnGid
Court: Seie
House: Dougal Qasociction)

Legacies: Caofter / Rogue
Romantic Legacies: Na
Political Impulse: Modemit

Seeming: Chitin
Kith: Boke
Society: VZ

Physical

Strength
Dexterity.
Stamina

@0000
@e@e@00
@@000

AccrRiouTtes

Social
Charisma @@0@00
Manipulation @@000
Appearance @@000

CDencal
Perception. @@000
Intelligence Billiat @@ee@e@
Wits @ee@00

Aodiicies

‘Talenzs
Alertness @0000
Athletics. OO0000
Brawl OO0000
Dodge @@000
Empathy. 00000
Expression. OO0000
Intimidation OOO00O0
Kenning. @ee@00
Streetwise @0000
Subterfuge. @@000

Skills
Crafts
Drive
Etiquette
Firearms
Leadership.
Melee
Performance
Security
Stealth,

Survival,

@@000
@0000
OO0000
00000
OOO00O0
OOO00O
00000
@@000
@0000
@0000

Knouiledges
Computer eccee
Enigmas. @0000
Investigation___ @®OOO
Law. OOO00O0
Linguistics OO000O0
Medicine @0000
Mythlore OOO00O
Occult 00000
Politics OOO0O0O
Science @e0e00

Backgrounds

e000
@0000
00000
OOO0O0O0
00000

Contacts
Titbe (Countew)

Advantages

Pale Arcs

Lind eeeco
OOO00O

OQO000
OOO00O

Realms
Note 0000
Pop 00
_ 0000
00000
00000

—Ocher Traits =

Dream lone @0000

Glamour
@e@e@ee@ee@e00000
QOOOOO0O0000

—— Ulllpower
@®000000000
QOOOOOOOO0

Banalicy

@®o000000000
QOOO0O00000

ee ie: =
Bruised :

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

—— Gcperience


Immortal Eyes

dA trilogy of novels.

A series of sourcebooks.

The future of Changeling: The Dreaming.

Immortal Eyes is an unprecedented event in
the World Of Darkness. Three novels chart a
course for the future of the Kithain, and three
corresponding sourcebooks detail the people
and places of each story.

The second installment in the
Immortal Eyes game book
chronicle details the people
and places of the upcoming
Shadows on the Hill novel.

Picking up where The Toybox left off.
Immortal Eyes: Shadows on the Hill
takes the characters to Hawaii where
they begin to discover the full

scope of the Unseelie conspiracy.

"Y

wD

) | ") Shipping in March

WHITE WOLF

Onkesssnt

I Eyes, The
Id. OfDar'


Name:
Court:
Chronicle:

qm

Changeling: The Oreaming

Legacies:
Romantic Legacies:
Title:

Seeming:
Kith:
House:

Physical

Strength
Dexterity.
Stamina

@0000
@0000
@0000

AccriouTces

Social

@0000
@0000
@0000

Charisma
Manipulation
Appearance

CDencal

Perception @0000
Intelligence @0000
Wits @0000

Talencs
Alertness OOO00O
Athletics. OO0000
Brawl OOO00O0
Dodge OO00O0
Empathy. 00000
Expression, OO00O
Intimidation OO0000
Kenning OOO00O
Streetwise. OOO0O0O
Subterfuge. 00000

Noilicies

Skills

00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

Crafts

Drive
Etiquette.
Firearms
Leadership
Melee
Performance
Security.
Stealth,
Survival

Knowledges
Computer. 00000
Enigmas. OOO00O
Investigation, 00000
Law 00000
Linguistics OO00O0
Medicine. 00000
Mythlore. 00000
Occult 00000
Politics, 00000
Science OOO00O

Backgrounds
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

Advantages
cS

AR

00000
OO0O00O0
00000
OO00O
00000

Realms

—Orcher Traits =

Glamour
OOOOO0ON0000
NQOOOOO0O0000

— (Ullpower=—=
OO0O0O0O0O0OO000
QOOOOOOOOOO

Banalizy

OOO0O0000000
OOOO0O00000

es

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

Boon/Plawi

-l
-l
-2
2
5

ooooocdo


To

Changeling: The Oreaming

Dousehold: Pohizical Impulse:
Leige Lord: Sain Oay;:

CDerics & Haws

‘Type Cost law Type Bonus

Gcperience

‘TocalSpenc:
Gained [:rom: Spent On:

Difficulty] Damage |Conceal Brawling/Delee Chart
Maneuver Roll/Difficulty Damage Actions
Body Slam Dex+Brawl/7 Special 1
Grapple Dex+ Brawl/6 Strength 1
Kick Dex+Brawl/7 Strength+1 1
Punch Dex+Brawl/6 Strength 1
Knife Dex+Melee/4 Strength+1 1

1

1

1

Foil Dex+Melee/5 Strength+3
Saber Dex+Melee/6 Strength+4
Broadsword Dex+Melee/6 Strength+5

Armor

Description:




POSE IE ABE GOB

br me

and why they mat , lel Over the commoners. | } the history of
bes nobility. fro;

Though many eny suclicl I na ial price for their
magnificence. The i |

3edlam. Here can be I
dichotomy that threatens tof

Nobles: Tbe Sing: oe {Calare:

@ Detailed information on playi ing noble characters in a Changeling chronicle.
@ A new, previously unknown noble house.

@ New noble Arts, usable only by noble characters.
ISBN 1-56504-711-7
WW tts pi. 00

S ss rN

a ate NS -

WHITE WOLF
