# File: Nosferatu.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Cos ANB oo 0K K =

T Tele Gaxtcct-ele | Wmaloal
A Sourcebook for VAMPIRE:The Masquerade™

Malcolm South, Mythical and Fabulous Creatures


I've been watching you. I saw you pick up and open this vile
book, Don't look around. You can't see me anyway. But, ohhhh,
if you could ...

Don't go thinking you're special, though. I just wanted to see
mortals' reactions when they

nd this book. I do hope you enjoy
it. Just don't believe anything you tead within these pages — for
it's all true.


C LAWN B OO K :
RAIMI FTP ME

CHAPTER ONE: ABANDON ALL HOPE

CHAPTER TWO: BACK STORY

CHAPTER THREE: SUBCULTURE

CHAPTER FOUR: LOWLIVES

APPENDIX: WHO'S WHAT AMONG THE NOSFERATU 62



CHAPTER ONE:

ABANDON
ALL HOPE

He was a plug-ugly sonofabitch
With a fist where most folks get their face.
— Big Black, "Deep-Six"

Perfect. I grin into the mirror. Six-one, dark hair, dark.
smile that can be sweet and wicked all at once. Hair
meticulously arranged to look like it wasn't. Leather jacket,
black shirt, black jeans, silver jewelry, black boots, just a
touch of makeup. Shades for effect, although it's already
close to midnight. Pretty goth boy going out on the town,
Still smiling, 1 drop the Mask, force myself to keep
staring as the reflection in the mirror warps. Grin runs like
water, takeson more twists than amountain highway, Sharp
outfit becomes whatever wasin the Goodwill box 18 months
ago. It patchily covers a gnarled tangle of limbs sticking out
in various directions from a lump that would make
Quasimodo climb to the top of his bell tower and praise the
grace of God, Chest down to my waist. Yeah, that thing
there — that scabby patch of crust with the pus dribbling
from its cracks —used to be a face, once upon a time. Smell
hits then —a perfume far different from the ones | wore as
mortal. "Eaudu Nosferatu" is enough tomake even me gag.
Istand there and count to 10, slowly, like I do every night
when I wake up. Gotta keep things in perspective.
Enough's enough. I'm good and pissed. I turn the Mask
on again — Demon Lover reappears in the mirror. Time to
hitthe town. I know what I'm looking for, and I know where
to find it

L open the grate and slide into the sewer tunnels
adjacent tomyhaven. Myirigersslip on the algaeand worse
that line the walls. Creep along, splashing in the dark,
occasionally stepping on something that squishes between
my toes or wriggles away altogetfier. Notfarto gountil | hear
the throb of Club Nocturne's:backbeat, high above me like
the music of the spheres or something. I know you're up
there somewhere, flopping about on the dance floor like a
wounded fish. I can smell you.

There's an access tunnel into Nocturne's maintenance
room, one only me and the other Rats know about — an
the goddamn Toreador think they run the place. I clamber
up, like Satan crawling his way out of hell, and emerge amid
wires and lumber and debris. The sound surrounds me—the
backbeat hammers in my head and pisses me off even more.
I check the Mask —I want to look real pretty for you. Yeah.
Tama veritable artiste, as it were. N boots gliste
under the single bulb, and my nonexistent silver ankh
gleams against the black canopy of my nonexistent Dead
Can Dance T-shirt, My grimace of disgust no doubt appears
as a pretentious pout sure to charm you.


(ee)

Twalk out of th
Slipping right past the bouncers, who dont see me because
Idon't want them to, [stroll —no, strut, gotta strut—down
the adjoining corridor and onto the fog-shrouded dance
floor.

I scan for you through washes of muted underwater
colors changing a hundred times a minute. Purple and blue
and green and stark white flash off my nonexistent sun-

Roses." Christian Zombie Vampire... This shit, and the shit
dancing to it, make me want to puke, though my reaction
appears to you as a sexacious moue.

1 brush past one particularly annoying little poser, a
pallid little black-clad creep. His teased black hair is caked
with dye, and his pimply face is smeared with white grease-
paint. I can't tell whether he's trying to look like Robert
Smith or the Joker. He's got a drink in each hand and as I
pass him I drop the Mask for less than a split second —
almost subliminally fast. The drinks go flying across the
floor and the kid's face contorts in shock. Hope he pissed
himself. Demon Lover once more, I glance back at him and
smile sweetly into his disbelieving stare. He doesn't even
notice the snickers of all the people who saw him spill his
drinks.

But enough of pleasure. You're my business tonight. |
cut through the erowels near the bar, feling hungry eyes
upon me, Icouldh
Your place or mine? Oh, pardon the piles of excrement and
putrescent cats.

But I don'e want justanyone. I want you. I know you're
here somewhere. [ silently reject three imploring stares as I
sweep the bar. And there you are, writhing seductively
under the strobes.

Oh, you are perfect. Let me guess. You're
twentysomething, but creeping inexorably toward the big
three-oh, though you try to pretend you're not, You've got
a day job ina bank and you try to pretend you don't, which
is why you're dolled up like Siouxsie Sioux'slittlesister. Yes,
you are stereotypically adorable, Neil Gaiman's wer dream,
acute little Death-doll tripping the light fantastic through
the club scene and trying to forget abour the inevitable —

Ij band the 2.5 kids and the station
wagon and the PTA membership and the couch in the
: 4 ; ‘

seinp you'llsp
your life vegetating in front of the TV get till you die, But
that's next year, right? Tonight is now.

You get off on this shit, don't you? The endless sea of
cookie-cutter angst whirling around, trying to be alluring,
trying to forget the half-lives that await them six, seven
hours from now. At night, under the concealment of the

be ligh:
gl

insecurity hidden under the leather and
makeup.

Bet you've read lots of Anne Rice
read the whole series, haven't you? You
about Lestat and wish he'd appear to whi
the night. You'd love to be a vampire, wouldn't you? That's
the life, right? No job, no responsibilities, no need to deal
with all the other annoying people, no wrinkles, no gray
hairs, 'sefeet. Just
of whirlwind sex as the blood runs down your body like the
food on that Basinger chick in 9 1/2 Weeks.

Well, it's your lucky night, sugar. You're gonna live
forever. Tonight you're gonna indout whatbeinga vampire's
all about.

I wait till the first melodic strains of "Tin Omen"
eawelop the floor and then maneuver myself opposite you.

d, you meet my sungl: d gaze with a
slow smile that attempts to evoke mystery and reveals only
transparency. | thrash around with you and say something
that you can't hear over the music anyway, and you nod and
laugh. I move closer to you, and by the time This Mortal
Coil starts playing, we're in each other's arms.

Head you off the floor, lips locked. You're already pretty
tipsy, and a few more drinks ensure that you're trashed. I'm
not much of a conversationalist and you just don't have
anything interesting to say, so I cut the preliminaries short
and escort you cut the door toward my waitingCamaro. You

into the vise of my arm, putting your feet
on autopilot, trusting my lead You're pretty drunk, and not
tharsmart anyway, r4l blacks into the Barrens
before you realize jocttime''s parking lot lies in the

your dull cow-eyes, I'decide I'm tired of this game. No one
around to hear you except the bums, dear. Time to take the
masks off, Demon Lover disappears, replaced by Demon.

at's the matter, darling? Don't you want another
kiss? A long, slow one? No one's going to answer your
screams, but they're awfully irritating, so I clamp my right
talon over your mouth. I pin you against the alley wall and
leer at you. I want you to feel it. I want you to become fear.
I won't let you faint — I want you conscious.

You sob and beat your fists against my breasts. Futile,
dear, It's like socking lumps of gristle. But I don't under-
stand, You look likea vampire, you dress like a vampire, you
act like a vampire, you immerse yourself in vampire chic.
And now I've introduced you to a vampire — a real, dead
vampire, Don't you want to be a vampire — just like me?

Ohsure, there are "real" vampires, honey —or, atleast,
the kind you'd call real, the kind you ape in your conde-
scending pretentiousness. Art-fag Toreador,


ig there' s nothing Sect year ever like those ofa deer

d horror, silent!

‘one-way ticket to hell cour : . oi "Why?"
I gouge my mouth into yORmMBER — I'll give you the _iidby?1 don't really know why. Guess it's cause assholes

luxury of the traditional bite iy, ‘cause I'm such a ake me sick, And misery loves company.



CHAPTER TWO:

BACK STOR

If one is continually surviving the
one eventually ceases to be controlle
bring; whatever it brings must be
experience one's bitterness begins

‘A TREATISE ON

& Claudius Maximus, Clan Tremere
‘are a great many mysteries concerning the origin

|, and certainly none moreso than the circum-

ind the genesis of the unfortunate and peculiar
asthe Nosferatu. The blasphemous acts thatled

tion of these pathet e unknown;

is best they remain so. The Brujah, whose elder

Mare historians of no small repute despite their
thave long held that the Antediluvian founder of

fu line was cursed by our Primal Father Himself.
mature of the crime committed remains in
Sugh it was no doubt monstrous.

wretch

ased on my

research and extensive study of Nosferatu
formulated certain theories.

Nosferatu share the ability of the Gangrel

line, but of them I shall speak later) to

port with the lower denizens of the planet?

PROBABLE ORIGINS
D PHYSICAL ANOMALIES OF SUBSPECIES
HOMO SAPIENS NOSFERATUS

Verily, [have seen a Nosferatu crouched low amidhersewer
haven, staring into a great rat's eyes for fully an hour. The
Nosferatu communicate often and at length with their
bestial comrades, and I believe that they have more in
common with such creatures than with the humans from
whom they have so tragically devolved. My own experi-
ments have shown that Nosferatu skull and bone structures
bear no small degree of resemblance to those of reptiles. As
all of learning know, the reptile loathes the mammal as
much as the latter detests the former. Is this, then, why the
Nosferatu look upon other Kindred, and our clan in particu-
lar, with such venom and rancor?

Is ie not indisputable that mortals who practice carnal
relations with their own immediate kin beget progeny with
deformities similar to, though not as pronounced as, those
found among the Nosferatu? Certes, the creatures spend
overmuch time huddled together in their dens and holes,

l
CHAPTER TWO: BACK STORY @> 11


and while my own base passio
purifying flame of the Embra
the Nosferatu. As.a side note'

Lupines prove. Caine is a merciless father and does not
lightly tolerate deviation among his grandchilder.

scales like a lizard's, even prehensile tails and patagia. |
know not what to make of such strangeness, and may only
say that "there but for the grace of Caine go I."

Would that I could state: thar the Nosferatu tempera:

h yet he creatures

not seem to be the case.
The Nosferatu are to ire graceless and crude. The
refinements of the hig s seem lost on the Nosferatu.
Even their ich
(see Diagram 5-P for anatomical details of Nosferatu skel-
etal muscle) 48 perverted by their brutishness.

bodily purgatory. Ala

Inany event, it whatever crime the
Nosferatu forefather committed has been at least partially
expiated upon the flesh of his progeny. While the Embrace
for most of us isa blessed gift, endowing us with the boon of
immortality and the elixir of potency, the Nosferatu are
instead twisted and disfigured beyond human ken by the
transferal of vitee.

In my researches, [have catalogued an amazing variety
of bizarre deformities generated by the Nosferatu Embrace.
The origin of or link between these features, however,
regretfully eludes me. Extensive vivisection reveals only
that each of the creatures seems to be more twisted and
grotesque than the last. It isa mystery to me why the race as
a whole does not destroy itself in a paroxysm of self-
loathing!

There seem to be no subspecies, familial patterns,
evolutionary offshoots, sire-childe resemblances ot other
logical distributions of Nosferatu deformity. For every
Nosferatu who loses digits to the Embrace, another sprouts
two or three extra fingers per hand. For every Nosferatu

heless, acertain low cunning pervades the
Nosferatu chatacters The clan —for we of the Camarilla go
so far as to grant the Nosferatu equal status in hopes of
bettering the hapless ru@é! —is infamous for its ability to
garner and compile data ofall sorts. I believe this penchant
to be instinctual rather than premeditated, rather like
bower-birds adorning their nests with all manner of gaudy
debris. AN d snippet of
information or gossip = then parrots it amongst his own
kind without any real comprehension. Were this not s0,
then why —

[This manuscript was never finished and indeed seems.
tohave been interrupted in progres by the untimely Final
Death of Cl. as dis
ered in his sanctum, ory sotledgn dieceeiapesblesTh
was evident that the instruments of Maximus' death were
his own enchanted surgical apparatus, which had appar-

y

displacement lends weight to this theory). No positive
of

tbs like those of

yesleep-sea squid, another loses its eyes altogether to
anon Niches | oS tal For every Nosferatu
drops offinto th her's nose warps and
elongates to three times its poe length. I have recorded
striations, maculations, tumors, warts, pustulant bags, ori-
fices of unfathomable purpose, extra limbs or none at all,

whens at ea

tt you eat se eee
Cent a ome
re with the PF Fuck na 8 ‘ont ot

A wee
: prciane

of the could be found, but
led onthe laboekeceyrall, ti dthatTh

examination has proved to be Maximus' own vitae, was the
message, "I AM NOT AN ANIMAL. 1 AM SOMETHING
WORSE!" The Manchester Chantry (and indeed all of

Clan Tremere) mourns the loss of one of its most devoted

satisfactorily resolved.)

RS oft
or no, cate Ws ehown,


THE TALE OF
HORACE SLATER,
LOREKEEPER OF

CHATAMAUGA WARREN

If there's a god — do you know his name?
If there's a god — if there's a god — why do I feel so

ashamed?

— Ellen James Society, "God in Heaven"

I'm telling this story like I heard it from my sire, who
said he heard it from Vechi in Amsterdam, who we all
know's full of it for all he brags about his Auspex, so take it
for what it's worth. Still, over the years I've heard enough
cortop—corrobor — enough stuff like it to make me think
there's grain of truth in there somewhere. Hey? You think
you know any better, you get up here and tell it, smart-ass!
You comin'? Huh? Yeah, didn't think so.

Anyway, IF everyone's through interruptin', this is
what I hear tell about the guy what made us. The Eldest, the

man, the myth, the legend, Mr. Nosferatu himself. What?

woman? Well, I don't know, maybe Nosferatu was a girl
I'm just tellin' this story the way it was told to me. Males
female — don't matter nohow. Now shut the hell up!
Anyway...
In the early daysof the world, Nosferatu —or whatever:
sa eallcd Kine lf BREE ‘ ‘i

ofthe land. He'd walk outof the caves— yeah, they wasstill
incaves back then —armed with this bigol' flintspear. He'd
goalone, ‘cause he said everyone else'd get in his way, and
he'd track down game for the tribe.

Now by game, you understand, I ain't talkin' about
piddly little varmints — like that rat I saw you suckin' the
other night ‘cause you couldn't catch no kine, Herman. 1
mean BIG game, sfari-ho game like lions and tigers and
bears and bi: ly ths. No,
they were all dead. Even Caine ain't that old. Yeah, it was
the Ice Age or somethin', }

Anyway, Nosferatu'd always catch whatever he set his
mind to catchin', He'd always bring back enough game to
feed his people, and they all respected him. Notice that I
said "respect" — I didn't say like. Way [hear it, no one liked
Nosferatu at all — yeah, yeah, the more things change and
all that. He was a scary guy. Kind of a freak, like those
Malkavians. Guy hunted ‘cause he liked to kill — more
violent than a constipated Brujah on speed. Yeah, | know
vampires can't get constipated — it was a metaphor, you

Philistine. Anyway, AST WAS SAYIN', ol' Nosferatu was
areal S.O.B. Yep, just goes to show ya: we were outta luck
from Day One. Stop interruptin' me, dammit!
Anyway, one night ol' Nosferatu was out huntin' a
berth Sapiidehaticed

cof Caine's childer who was also out huntin'. Actually, he

didn't so much come across her as she kinda sneaked up on

him. Well, yeah, 1 mean, he was sharp, but he was still a

mortal at this point. Anyhow, she kinda licked her lips and

got herclaws ready to kill Nosferatu and do usalla favor, you

know, but then he walked out under the moonlight and she
it a good look at him. And she froze in her tracks.

Now! bet you ‘reexpectin' metosay that Nosferatu was

yutt-ugly th fear, but that weren't

Nope, she'd never seen a mortal man that good-looking
"before. Yep, Nosferatu was a regular Adonna or whatever
that Greek guy's name is. And she knew, hell or high water,
Caine or no Caine, she had to have him.

So she followed him, creeping through the under-
growth while he hunted that sabertooth. And the more she
watched him, the more she wanted him. But she wanted to
see whether he was as tough as he was handsome. So she
waited while he tracked that tiger down and killed itin one-
on-one combat. Nosferatu was good. Didn't get a mark on
him — just stuck that spear in and dropped the kitty.

Now that was kinda a mistake, ‘cause Caine's childe
had been followin' Nosferatu a long time, and she was
gettin' hungry. And when all that vite oozed outta the cat,
she freaked. Charged outta the jungle screaming like a
banshee for blood.

Nosferatu was a hunter, and real defensive about his
kill. And he was a real arrogant bastard too. So instead of
doing what anyone with a grain of sense would've done —
which is, in case any of you idiots don't know, get the hell
out of the way — he stood his ground. Now, like I said,
Nosferatu was a great hunter, but he weren't no vampire.


Pid ppd pp i pp

Caine's childe busted his spear like a Tinkertoy and back-
handed him across the clearing and into a tree. Broke his
spine.
When she'd finished drinking from the cat, she turned
around. Nosferatu was writhin' likea maggoton the ground,
' ipoanin'. She was full now, and thinking ratio-

Igo she decided tofinish whatshe'd been intending

i Embraced him then and there.

fosferatu loved being a vampire. Made his hunting
even easier. Didn't have a problem with killing folk, either
— in fact, he got off on it, ‘cause it was more of a challenge.
Got real good at it, too. He was the first vampire to develop
Obfscate powers, and the best, and don't believe them
Assamites when they say different, ‘cause Nosferatu taught
Assam everything he knows. He used Obfscate to sneak
into the middle of a tribe, and then he'd reappear and kill
the lot of ‘em. Yeah, like I said, Nosferatu was a sick S.0.B.
and going through his growing pains.

There was only one problem. Nosferatu hated his site
tha passion. Not ‘cause she'd sh rd
first met — although that was part of it, ‘causé apes
wanted to be the best warrior in creation. No, h¢ hated her
‘cause when she popped him that one time, one of her claws
lefta mark on his face, and madeascar. Yeah, yeah, innitjust
tragic? Prissy as a goddamn Toreador. Not even Bgsear,
justa kon his cheek that: Id b:
even in bright torchlight — but as far as Nosferatu was

concerned, it ruined his perfect mug. This, by the way, was
another reason he started gettin' so interested in bein'
invisible and changing his looks.

All he thought about all night long while he hunted
was how he was gonna get his sire back when Caine wasn't
looking. ‘Course, he had to keep his thoughts hid, but since
he was sneaky anyway, and the only vampire what used
Obfscate, it weren't too hard.

nyway, Nosferatu w: , but he wasn't stupid
He knew deep in his black heart that he couldn't take his
sire, even though he was now a vampire, So he mulled it
over, and he realized that one of his kin — I think it was
Trimisce, so we'll say Tzimisce, ‘cause it's not really that
important — had discovered how to control his progeny
through feeding ‘em his blood. Nosferatu sneaked up on
Tzimisce one night and saw how this was done, sohe started
wanderin' the world, staying as far away from C:
‘Company as possible, and makin' childerand Blood Bondin'
‘em. Most of his childer were just like him — vicious and
cruel. One was a mistake — an act of passion, when he
discovered a beautiful woman bathing in a stream in the
deep forest. He Embraced her, but she fled from him before
he could Blood Bond her. She must've been fast as hell to
escape. He chased her, but she lost him, and he finally gave
up as the sun started comin' over the horizon.

$ arro

nd

ine a


After a
while of doing this, he
started thinki lost of

his childer weren't as pow-
erful as he was — not that

they could be, of course, ‘cause he

was the Great and Powerful Nosferatu —

just like he weren't as powerful as his sire, who

weren't as powerful as Caine. And he started puttin'
one together. \

You see, back then, everyone believed in spirits ‘an
totems. E ld
site other: folks" spirit and bind ‘ers andi all inca eats
ness, Nosferatu had been a hunter, and he firmly believed
thatwhenhe
power of the bison. And when he killed and ate a tiger, he
got thar tiger's spirit. So if he could get a hold of a
vampire...you see where this is going?

Sohe gathered his "best" childer, th ih Ch
fiercest and cruelest and most depraved, and left the rest to
wander the world. He and his brood made a beeline back to
the cave where Caine and his three childerand their childer
were at the time (yeah, it was a cave — the Brujah and
Toreador can talk up their First City crap till the Last
Sunset, but it was just a cave). But he didn't show himself.
He told his childer to stay hidden. Then he made himself
invisible and spied on the others. And a real nasty plan
popped into his head.

i 1h

at least to make himself look like he'd been hurt bad. He
waited till Caine was alone and then limped up to the
Father, gaspin' and moanin' like nobody's business.

Well, Caine got kinda concerned, ‘cause none of his
childerorhischilder'schilder'd ever been really hurt before.
He asked what had happened. And Nosferatu said:

"oO
my Fa-

ther, long

I wandered
inthefarsouth,
And whilst I
hunted 1 came upon

Now of course, any of us modern Kindred woulda seen
that story for the garbage it was, but things was simpler back
then, and Caine was right taken. He rose up in a fury,
swearing to find the wolf-man and destroy it. Guess he did,
t00, sort of, else why're them Lupines always howlin' forour
hides?

So Caine took off a-rantin' and a-ravin', like that
Tasmanian Devil on the cartoons, swearing vengeance on
the wolf-creature and leaving the Three and the Thirteen
on their own. Then ol' Nosferatu went off and hid in the
bushes. He waited for a while, and then he started changin'
his shape, like you and I do when we gotta go into a kine
buildin'. ‘Cepe Nosferatu took the shape of his sire. And in
thatshape, hi her Twel fer the
other, while they were out hunting. Then he jumped his
brethren, knockin' ‘em down and clawin' ‘em up, but bein'
careful to let ‘em get away. Needless to say, they were scared
bloodless by this turn of events —one of the Three tryin' to
kill ‘em. The other Twelve ran wailin' into the jungle,
hiding in caves and holes.

Nosferatu tracked ‘em down — he was the best hunter
of the bunch — and took back his reg'lar shape. He spun a
wild story about the Three goin' crazy — ‘bout how they
weren't content with the mortals anymore, but had a
craving for vampire blood. He said that the Three wanted


Caine's love all to themselves, and then he said how
he thought the Thirteen oughtajoin togetherand do
unto the Three before they got done unto.

Like I said, those was simpler days. The other
Twelve got all worked up, sayin' how, yeah, now
that they thought about it, they had noticed
that the Three had been lookin' at ‘em
funny the past few nights.

Nosferatu had been spyin'
on the others for quite
some time, and he
knew all their
littleannoy-

idio-
sintricitiesand
stuff, Huh? Yeah,
that's a real word! I heard

the Tremere say it! Shut up!
Anyway, he kinda started insinuatin' things about
the Three, and the Twelve, and Caine, and twistin' the
conversation around to his own ends. Most of all, he
was lookin' to make his sire seem like the villain of
the piece. He sai vampire blood
and had gotten C ppenider inon

alittle scheme to wipe the Thi f

Nosferatu organized the ot

Twelve, sayin' that there
was safety in numbers and all that. He led ‘em back to the

where the Thr

cave — oh yeah, the First City awaited

re, clutch-
inghis sire, getting ready tajrink the
lastofher bloodand get aller power,
when he was knocked down by ablow
like a dozen elephants or mammoths
orwhateverthey had back then. Caine
had returned, and he was pissed. He
looked down at his dead childe, all mu-
tilated and disfigured, and he looked at
Nosferatu and for the first time noticed the
tiny scar, And he understood.

"For thy vanity thou hast committed the
greatest crime of all," Caine said. "Thou takest
pride in thy mastery over beasts — I take thee and
make theea beast. Thou takest pride in thy form — take
." And Caine touched Nosferatu's face and
living reflection of his anger and hate. He
was the first and the worst of us. Ain't nobody in the world
even beenas ugly.as Nosferatu, Then Caine said, "Thou hast
created childer. I curse them, and thy entire line until the
end ofall things, as Ido thee." And all across the world, the
childer of Nosferatu fell to the ground in agony as they
changed. Even the one childe who remained free of the
Blood Bond, the woman in the stream, was cursed. Itwasshe

who sired us al, all who now call themselves Nosferatu:
Nosferatu staggered to his feet, and all the other vam-
pires blanched. He turned his face from them in shame and
ran howling into the deepest caves, where he will lie until
the end of time. Buthe wasn't through—notbya longshot.
He had Blood Bound all his childer, except that one |
mentioned earlier, and through them he vented his wrath
upon mortalsand vampires alike. His Blood Bound childer's
curse was stronger than ours. They took onall of Nosferatu's
became the Nictuku, who hunt us until the Last

Caine's return.
taught ‘em the secret of how to hide (though most of the

later). Th Il jumped the

Three in a big ambush.

Now there was a fight! Not all the wars in history were
as savage as that frst vampire fallin'-out. Nosferatu waited
in hischilder while the Three slugged it out
with the Twelve, When he saw his opportunity, he ordered
his own childer into the melee. Then, while everyone was
distracted, he jumped onto his sire's back and sank his teeth
into her neck.

Right about then, everything Kinda froze. Even the
birds and bugs stopped chirpin'. The only sound was the

| in' the life outta his sire. He

Gras real bbxaltfeeg etal oeleca fandlee Heesnthe
keptclawin' her face up, sameasshe'ddone tohim. Thought
it was a good joke. She had a lot of blood, and it took her a
long time to die. By the time she was dead, Nosferatu had
carved her face up into something unrecognizable. He was
feelin' real good too, and I don't gotta explain why. He was
feeling power.

|
16 @QCLANBOOK NOSFERATU

Night,

Nosferatu himself's still down there, lyin' in the caves
somewhere. I hear that Caine cursed him so that even in
torpor he has nightmares of his own face. He sends out
dreams and nightmares to the Nictuku, and he hates us
the Nosferatu clan, that is. ‘Cause see, somewhere in his
madness, he got the idea that if he can destroy all his
progeny and present the deed to Caine as a sacrifice — just
like Caine gave Abel to God — Caine will forgive him and
remove the great curse. Even now, he's out there some-
where, commanding the Nictuku to hunt us down, They
and their childer have been seeking us since that night,
trying their damnedest to devour us all. But we're pretty
good at staying hid ourselves, and until the coast is clear we,
ain't never gonna come out.


pny a Nosferatu has asked, of Nosferatu' is
other childér, the Nictuku? Did they d ;, or do they

pearing without a tr
Few ‘Nosfe have heard the legend of the

lurk in the dark corners of the world? The Nosferatu cer-
tainly believe in their existence, and many a night in the
warrens is spent telling tales of these horrible and malign
beings.

The precise roster of the Nictuku is unknown, though
there are many. A few names have been passed down
through the ages: Abraxes, Lord of Mists; the cannibal hag

aga; Nuckalavee the Skinless; Gorgo, She Who
reams in Darkness; Echidna the Mother of Foulness.

According to the stories, each Nictuku has its own
unique characteristics and appearance, but all are mon-

re, or were, vampires, they

most "pure" Nosferatu: tuku are monsters in the
truest sense of the word.
The Nictuku, so the stories go, are all Blood Bound to
sleeping Antediluvian, and all are consumed with the
Rosietn denayaiee feratu line. Only then will
Caine's curse be lif

Nictuku; those who have heard it largely scoff at the idea,
considering the entire tale an exercise in self-gratfication
("the beasts just want to believe that there are things out
there even more repulsive than they are"), The Nictuku
themselves are seen as mere bogeymen whose purpose is to
enforce clan unity. Most Nosferatu, however, take the
Nictuku very seriously indeed.

P 7 :
spend so many of their nights in hiding. The threat of these
monsters also does much to explain why the Nosferatu are

forthe Nictuku
strike silently from the dark, and fade into the dark again.
‘The Nosferatu believe that constant vigilance against these
creatures is the only way to prevent their attacks. Rumors of

es
up by the Nosferatu.

A few Nosferatu have devoted themselves to protect-
ing the clan from these evils. They spend their nights
investigating any rumor that might hint at the presence of
the Nictuku, tracking these ancient predators and Bae
members of othericlans, using thelr allies' contacts and
powers to help the Nosferatu.



CHAPTER THREE:

SUBCULTURE

Let us go then, you and I
When the evening is spread owt against the sky
Like a patient etherized upon a table.

Let us go through certain half-deserted streets

The muttering retreats

Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels
And sawdust restaurants with oyster shells.
—T.S. Eliot, "The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock"

Ofall the Kindred, the Nosferatu are perhaps the most
jen. Other vampires can walk amidst the mortal crowds
fs maintain at least an intermittent grasp on their

es, Norso the Nosferatu. They must lurk below,

ipa ad of the mortal world is invariably filtered
ki hi a

bilious Nosferatu vit
human, but the cons
perpetual grimace. Thi
time. =
During the second to fourth days, d
mck

| still looks essentially

grat :
are the most "culeured" vampires, for they have no human
culture to' parasitize. They must look to their own for
culture:

THE CURSE

I just want to share my disease.
—Clayface, Batman: Arkham Asylum

The Nosferatu Embrace is a brutal thing. In many ways

itis more ee He the Embrace of the Malkavians.

ment of the flesh inevitably has repercussions within the
mind.

A typical transformation takes about a week. During
the first night, the victim's body is wracked as the organs
shrivel and veins harden in preparation for carrying the

are still developing) The childe's hair beg
he:

to fall out in
oe Il d

distends.

The pain becomes truly excruciating by the,
week. At this point, the childe's very bones
andall semblance of humanity is lost. The a
peak at the climax of the transformation; whenttne s
suffers its changes — elongating, partially caving in, or
flattening as the case may be. It is at this point that the
Nosferatu realizes the extent of his transformation.

Many Nosferatu do not survive the Change with their
sanity intact. The pain and the shock of sudden deformity
prove too much to bear. Such Kindred often become mind-
less brutes, and in Camarilla society, it is the sire's

ror bes PURI fiber e d

eS
CHAPTER THREE: SUBCULTURE @> 19


THE NOSFERATU
APPROACH TO URBAN
RENEWAL

DATE: 6-16-69
TO: Xerxes
FROM: Jameson
RE: Project Tinkertoy
Per your request, | assumed the shape of Rory
McAllister, ghoul servant of the Ventrue Maria. In this
guise I entered the office of the crimelord Shephard and
commanded him to order an immediate retaliatory
crackdown upon the merchants of the Water Street
community. As you predicted, Shephard obeyed
iste's" orders without question: Within hours,
warfare drove most of the residents in-
doo several mortals were killed and scores more
ig the wounded was Meriwether, childe
me the Brujah Tierza, who oversees Water Street and the /
surrounding efivirons.

During'the chaos, | donned the illusory guise of i

Officer Shay. As you said, the resid
Street area bear no love for that parti
law. In this form, | hunted aid

poet Sexton Lunchpail. Once

ders, I proceeded to assault

Regrettable, but necessary.

After finishing this action, I journeyed uprown.
Assuming the shape of the injured Meriwether, I re-
myccache of explosives from isshiding place and
ie FirstBank-Drake & Co. Tower, where
ins a haven. The priming, etal. went off
thy but I allowed myself to be seen by
rds (in my disguised form, of course) as I
exited following the detonation. Ieasily lost my pursuers

| — I have traveled the sewers of the area for years.
y The rest was, as they say, a piece of cake. The
éensed Maria mustered her policemen and gangsters,

sending them en masse into the Water Street area to
quell the "rioters." Ofcourse, by this time there actually
was a riot in progress, as the equally furious Tierza
deployed her own mortal pawns. Lunchpail's beating
and the "fascist sete haa ignited the area, andit

d

keeping in mind our ultimate purpose. |
fewer than three vampires met the Final}
night, At any rate, aided by these neweo

criot of the decade"; it seem
recent Watts tragedy. The!
| Dynamics towers all sufte

and wounded are estimated to be in the thousan{

Of course, the lives and unlives lost are terti
oiir clan's aim, The rate of property destruction, if
boast, was high indeed. Both the Water Street area and
the business district suffered tremendous damage, and
extensive repair will be needed in both areas. | have
contacted Waylon; he has assured me that all of the
important construction companies in the city contain
mortals loyal to our clan. Thus, rebuilding in both areas
will include a significant amount of "unsolicited" con
struction, secret catacombs, alcoves, antechambers,
hidden rooms and the like. Sewer systems in both areas
will likewise be expanded. I estimate that within six
months our clan should have free and unrestricted
access to both the elder and anarch "hotspots" of the
city.


THE FORTUNATE
FEW

Well I, I've been lonely

And I, I've been blind

And I, I've leamed nothing

So my hands are firmly tied

To the sinking lead weight of failure.

— Swans, "Failure"

Vampires choose their progeny for many reasons, and
this is true of the Nosferatu as well. Nonetheless, there seem
to be certain common denominators among those the
Nosferatu choose.

<= Perhaps the most common charactetisticof Nosferatu-
is an alienation from moreal society. Even in life,

practical r
find the g fansformation easier to bear. A mortal

hoh rejection and ostracism from his peers will
find it easier to isolate himself fully from mortal society and
to endure harsh treatment from other vampires. Nosferatu
must bear a tremendous burden in unlife, and few sires want

to suffer the consequences of releasing an unstable childe
into the world. Nosferatu seek those who have bent, rather
than broken, under the weight of life.

Equally odd is the fact that this selection of misfits and
loners creates a clan unity unparalleled in the ranks of the
Kindred. When one has spent one's life alone, any com-
pany, even that of monsters, becomes palatable. The
4. Theyhave
found that a few words of genuine praise are often more
effective than any Dominate or Blood Bond.

One obvious exception to the aforementioned rule of
selection might be noted. Vindictiveness often plays a role
in the creation of neonates. The Nosferatu consider
vampirism a curse, after all, and often bestow it as a form of
punishment. The vain, the callous, the prideful —all have
been targeted for victimization.

It should also be mentioned that in recent years, the

eanpacheetiatitel have olka
what. The ruling clans have begun to notice the alarming
number of highly skilled individuals being inducted into
Clan Nosferatu. Engineers, computer programmers, intelli-
gence agents, scholars and the like have been targeted
Several Ventrue and Tremere gatherings have recently
been called to discuss this trend and to determine whether
it points toward a greater conspiracy.

| | T "eat
CHAPTER THREE: SUBCULTURE g> 21


CLEOPATRAS

Awhae shall she 80h nigh

comes around?
She'll tum once more to Sunday's clown and cry behind the
door.

— The Velvet Underground, "All Tomorrow's
Parties"

The Nosferatu are understandably bitter about their
looks. Try as they might to suffer nobly, they cannot help
but resent their own unsightliness, This resentment is only
fueled by the proximity of such clans as the Toreador and
Trimisce, Ch
unearthly beauty.

Allltoo often, aNosferatu's rage at her condition festers
into a vindictive hatred of beautiful people. Stories of
vengeful Nosferatu going on killing sprees at beauty pag-
ants and fashion shoots are not unknown. Indeed, Sabbat
Nosferatu are often asked to do just that during a city
takeover, as such high-profile slayings jeopardize the
Camarilla's Masquerade.

The best and

‘blood or L

f revenge, h

survive and even prosper in their new forms.

Indeed, certain Cleopatras have supposedly learned
humility from the change. According to the stories, these
Nosferatu become clan leaders and the protectors of the
innocent. While this is probably no more common for

maintain closer ties to the mortal population, and some
even manage to maintain their mortal identities for years
after the Embrace.

These puerblind doomsters had as readily strewn

is fin Beal) happy penn and Etekeae® Riad
Despite themselves, Nosferatu relish the agonized wails ofa
former Narcissus who realizes that he has been condemned
to eternity as a monster. The younger Nosferatu call such a
victim a "Cleopatra," after the vain trapeze artist of the
horror movie Freaks (a former beauty, the cinematic
leopatra dof the film).
Many Cleopatras do not survive for long. They either
commit suicide or meet Final Death after some stupid
mistake. Some
Cleopatras,
however,
haveman-
aged to

bout my pilgrimage as pain.
— Thomas Hardy, "Hap"

Though the Nosferatu are hardly the stereotypical
crusty louts portrayed by most other vampire clans, they do
tend to view the world with a degree of cynical pessimism.
This is certainly understandable. In becoming Nosferatu,
one has been wrenched from the society of one's species,
turned intoa monster, become the object of contempt from
the other vampire clans and (if legend is to be believed)
been targeted as prey by even more loathsome monsters.

Despite this, Nosferatuare, asa rule, no more cruel and.
callous than any other vampires. Indeed, many Nosferatu

attempt to whitewash their actions in noble sentiment. Ifa

Nosferatu kills another vampire in anger — well, that's

what she did. She didn'tdo it topreserve the Masquerade or

clit ‘a possible Sabbat spy or advance the cause of her
he doesn't claim to, TheNosferatu cl ch

ugliness of both th ir interiors. Such self-
di ati

reached by their fairer Kindred.

Humility may well be the trait most prized by the
clan. Nosferatu often suffer from other vampires' egos

and refuse to tolerate such behavior from their own.
B\ kind. Some Nosferatu carry this one step further,
actively rejecting any sort of beauty and promot-
ing the spread of ugliness. Devotees
of this "cult of ugliness"
often join the


(i tied pets

anarchs, as this group affords them countless opportunities
to smash, destroy and deface.

This embrace of ugliness often leads to a pronounced
tendency toward crudity. Nosferatu rarely associate with
their fellow Kindred, but when they do, they take great
re in shocking and disgusting them. This coarse
behavior, besides being fun, is a psychological weapon, for
a Kindred is far mote likely to let information slip when his
composure has been shaken.

Nosferatu are of two minds when it comes tothe virtue
of honesty. On the one hand, most Nosferatu: despise
hypocrisy (at least they say they do, which would itself be
hypocritical). Nosferatu are fairly honest with themselves
and their clan members, and despise pretentious sorts such
as the Toreador.

On the other hand, Nosferatu take great pleasure in
spreading all manner of lies throughout vampirie society. It
is to Nosferatu that the other Kindred, who routinely mock
and insult them from their elegant penthouses, come crawl-
ing when in need of information. Every now and then the
Nosferatu enjoy throwing a fly into the ointment just to stir
A ae RE eli

set vampires at each other's throats and send cities into
spasms of riots and chaos — well, serves the bastards right
for making fun of us, the Nosferatu say.

MERITS AND
FLAWS

Show-stopper — skin-popper.

— Skinny Puppy, "Worlock"

The following Merits and Flaws may only be taken by
Nosferatu characters, unless permitted by the Storyteller.
At your option, certain vampires who have been subjected
to the Tzimisce Discipline of Vicissitude (see The Players
Guide to the Sabbat) might also display these physical
anomalies.

Lizard Limbs (1 pt. Merit) — When your limbs are
restrained or grappled, you may spend a Blood Point and
makea Willpower roll (difficulty 8). 1fyousucceed, you may
"shed" a limb, leaving it in your opponent's grasp while you
escape. The limbs may be regrown normally. If you shed
enough limbs, you can escape nearly any bonds, though itis
hard to flee the scene of captivity when one has no legs...

Nosferatu with this Merit often use it ee

(Let's shake on it.
Long Fingers (1 pt. Merit) — Your fin

rally long and spidery. You gain one extra dit

involving digital coordination or grappling.

I l
CHAPTER THREE: SUBCULTURE @> 23

bite does one additional die of damage, and

to your Intimidation Dice Pool.
Oversized Mouth (1 pt. Merit)

and you are able to open it top

drink an additional tye

success on this rolls
Pool for any action
repulsed and horrified
broken).

of a worm or mollusk. O
successes than normal t

about you in a thick cloud, you may command th

limited fashion. The bugs may travel up to 20 feet from

to sting and distract your foes. The swarm does no actui

damage, but any being caught in the swarm must make a

Willbower roll (difficulty 7). Ifthe roll fails, the oe loses
fr

her Dice Pool th may

Blunt Teeth (1 pt. Flaw) — Your teeth are huge and
square, not sharp like those of most other vampires. You
must score one extra success to do damage with a bite, and
‘once you have locked your teeth into your prey, you auto-
matically cause the victim one additional Health Level of
damage for every two Blood Points taken (youhave to chew

ind chew and chew...).

Club Foot (1 pt. Flaw) — One of your feet is gnarled

deformed. You move at only half normal speed.

osferatu Caitiff (1 pt. Flaw) — You were Embraced
sferatu, but failed to meet the standards of even that
cere subsequently rejected by your sire. As youdid

the Becoming process, you were not fully

bur you still look rather odd. You begin the
Appearance rating of 1, and raising your

ts double the usual number of experience

bn, you present atempting target forjust about
osferatu reject" certainly offers possibilities

ired by Nosferatu have this flaw; nobody
and some don't.
1w') — Few Nosferatu smell good, but

jany creature that can smell, unless

n (2 pt. Flaw) —Inmany ways this
erpartof Swarm Attractor (above).
ores — ticks, lice, mosquitoes,
ike — find your blood

and hideamongthe

best efforts to

ce vermin that

take no action whatsoever.
Tough Hide (2 pt. Merit) — Your skin is thick and
leathery, resembling that of a pachyderm. You gain'one

ik Dice Pool (th
sunlight).
Foul Blood (3 pt: Merit) — Your blood tastes truly
awful. Opponents who bite you i combat muse make a

Willpower

he th acdiabl

upon you must eae a Willgows roll (difficulty 9) and
score three successes to complete the process.

Patagia (4 pt. Merit) — You have grown large flaps of
skin under your arms, like those of a pterodactyl or flying
squirrel. You may use these patagia to glide for short dis-
tances, provided there is an updraft or strong wind.

24 4CLANBOOK NOSFERATU

K off; if you botch, one of the

IIs off.

patieete eeorerv cal ciate appmntaied one is Healed)


f pf fo fg

ABOUT THE
OTHER GUYS
(MAYBE)

Grotesque dwarves in mirrored rooms

Cruelly taunt a thousand yous.
— Siouxsie and the Banshees, "Carousel"

BRUWAH

It's kinda fun to sneak into their Rants and geta laugh
out of all the stuff they think they know and don't really
have a clue about. We've got a game down in the Chamber
— we all sit around coming up with the wildest, goofiest,

most far-fetched tall tales we can think of. Then we voteone

of ‘em the best — not for being a good story, but for being

the biggest load of crap in the bunch. Then we take that

story and sell itto the Brujah as gospel truth. Watch ‘em run
Aill, screaming Jyhad and Sabbat and
iby else, Damned amusing.

rer than any of the others do. Guess it's
‘cause they know that after a few years of freakin' and
sneakin', most of ‘em are gonna look worse than we do. At
any rate, we like to be left alone, they like to be left alone,

and we pretty much leave each other alone. End of story

MALKAVIAN

Gotta admit, these guys scare the piss outta me, No
amount of dirt you get on ‘em's any good, ‘cause either all
your facts'll change the next night or they just don't care if
you tell the world anyway. Also, I hate the way they'll walk
up to you and pay you for some information, and then when
you start to tell it ro ‘em, they finish your sentence and add
on a new tidbit you hadn't even heard yet. Then they just
stare at you with that goofy grin while your jaw drops open
Then they walk away cackling. Damn, I hate it when they
do that, Freaks.

I
CHAPTER THREE: SUBCULTURE oe 25


think of the Toreador?

thoughtful pause, followed by the gargling
at least a Blood Point's worth of vitae, and
nt vomiting thereof onto the nearest wall,

disgusting retching noises imaginable.)

TREMERE

Definitely 2 a PR coup for us. Take the most rigid,
uncreative,

‘em. The
Tremere are coming! Watch your ass around the Tremere! The
Tremere are the strike force of the Antediluvians! The Tremere
killed Kennedy! (leans closer) Listen, man, the Tremere are
about as dangerous as my grandmother. Justdon'tlet‘em get
ahold of any of your blood, you got nothing to worry about.
Well, almost nothing...

Huh? What do I mean, almost? Well, that little bit o°
data'll cost ya...

VENTRUE

The biggest idiots of all. They really don't get it, do
they? They want to put their asses on the firing line! Here I
am, guys! I'm the leader! Come get me first! Let ‘em, man.
They'll be the first to go, and it don't mean squat to me.
Other than that, I say hey, if they wanna do all the
managerial shit work, more power to ‘em. And it's kinda
funny to go up to ‘em in a conclave and watch ‘em try to be

% allpolite and chummy to you, even though the sight of you

males ‘ ‘em want to retch. Then start acting more and more
ingand d watch ‘emreall Wow, Mr.

Kinda one
along ‘cause the
hiateal

angrel situations, where ya get
mm not to. We don't got nothin'

they screw over the Toreador as

Fair enougt: Any
h ih for me.

and that's more than

SETITES

Set is a Nictuku, one' . ENoseaes 's childer. These guys

aretwisted, juse gonnabe
themorus. Till then Istay ms oleae ‘em. Bastards.
CAMARILLA

Here'salittle—whaddayacall it, analogy?—about the
Camarilla. Say you're learnin' to scuba dive. The instructor
people always tell you never to gounder without a buddy, or
more than one. Why is that, you suppose? You're thinking
maybe it's ‘cause ifa shark shows up, you and your pals can
team up and hit the fishie in the nose and it'll go away?

Wrong. It's ‘cause when (not if, when — always re-
member that) Jaws Jr. shows up, the more people you got
down there with you, the less chance it is that sharkie'll go
afteryou first. And while he's munching your buddy, you get
the hell outta the water. Now if he's got, oh, say, six other
guys to eat first, your chances of reachin' the shore're that
much improved.

You see now why we're in the Camarilla?

SABBAT
They got good ideas, but the way they go about
em' kes the whole
point moot mean, ya just kinda wanta go over to 'emand

y sq
Prince, sir, th the Sabbat. Gosh,
ai

be scuthind OR ares obec
that chunk, that's just month-old rat cartilage. I'm sure you have
a couple of Dominated dry-cleaners to take that right off.

CAITIFF

Poor bloody bastards. They get screwed overeven more
than we do. Still, every now and then you need someone to
screw over 80's you can go about more important business.
When that happens, well...sorry, man, but them's the
breaks.

ASSAMITES ,
Oh dear, oh dear, the big bad-Assamites! They try tobe
great and terrible killers, but we ain't impressed. Can't kill

whatcha can't find, and we taught ‘em everything they
know about sneakin'.

GIOVANNI
Who? Oh yeah, those guys. (long backward look over
shoulder, followed by a shudder) No comment.

slap' "em tothinkasecond,
ya know? Trying to find the Anted'luvians by killing and
maiming humans is kinda like swinging at one'a those
pifiata things — the Sabbat got a big stick, but it don't do
much good ‘cause they're all blindfolded.

LUPINES

Theyhate usand want wo killus, They wantto preserve

tobuild more

Fidey les: Cars and doy ==petdon the pun. Take'em out
if ya can; run to ground if ya can't.

BLACK SPIRAL DANCERS

See, we know something the others don't. Just like
there are lots of Kindred clans, there ae lotsof Lupine eas
—they got
ree Core Bin Winerrandi what haveyeds Buk tiere's one
clan that's really kinda discombobulatin', ‘cause they're
competin' for our little ecosystem. And they're crazier than
Malkavians and make the Brujah look like toy poodles.
They're called the Black Spiral Dancers and they're trying


ff f fp po

to take ourtunnels away and eat us in the process. We gotta

do somethin' about the Dancers, and quick, or we ain't

gonna be around much longer.

MAGES

Like the Tremere except even more full of themselves.
I sneaked into one'a their meetings one time. Sounded like
a goddamn philosophy seminar. Talkin' about paradox
fluxes and static this and dynamic that and consensual
reality paradigms — | bet they kill their enemies by boring
‘em to death.

Don't get me wrong — these ain't the kinda guys you

happen to people who cross their path. And if the accidents
don't getcha, the brain-exploding death chants they throw
at you will.

<FAERIES

‘Oooh, faeries! Aren't we pretty little Tinkerbells with
"Our little wings, flying around spreading pixie dust and good
cheer,

er seen a faerie, and I don't even believe in
er got a hold of one, I'd rip its wings off just

IE

Feelmy hand, feel my hand, feel

my fist, feel my fis, fists of love
—Big Black, "Fists of Loves

Of all the clans, the Nosferatu is the most unified.
While the Tremere and Ventrue clans present external
facades of camaraderie, their structures are brittle shells
wracked by backbiting and glued together by the fear of
reprisal: Not so the Nosferatu. The ties of its members!

tly indeed. Afterall, to wh one
tum for true understanding and sympathy?

There is, of course, a practical side to this. The eld
are well aware that somewhere iB the world the ie
Kine GePe at apeo vali the Noserara elder, and
they realize that only through unity will the clan be able to
face its "great-uncles" when the night of reckoning comes.
Thus, the elders dk ching in their fan

my arm, feel

harmony. The Nosferatu have no time for internecine
feuds.

Survival is the main criterion for status among the
Nosferatu. Of course, this is ultimately true for all vampire
clans, bur the Nosferatu don't try to put a genteel facade

a a a
CHAPTER THREE: SUBCULTURE g> 2

7


over it. Nosferatu existence is pain, and those who have ‘"

endured the pain the longest are accorded the greatest
respect. Thus, the elder Nosferatu tend to dominate
dealings, but not through the use of force or intimi
Instead, elder Nosferatu are seen as revered sages,
advice is willingly followed by the young.
Indeed, Nosferatu never demand respect or ol
that practice, so common among the Ventrue et al
bythe Ni ust ph
Nosferatu isable to order another of th doanyth
Nosferatu who attempt to browbeat their brethren are
ply ignored by th the clan, whodis intothi

night via Obfuscate.

For this reason, Nosferatu are skeptical at best toward
sectssuch as the Camarilla or Sabbat. The clan consid-
ers the sects rather silly and takes a "yeah, sure,
whatever you say" attitude toward the machinery of
ampire politics. Camarilla and Sabbat Nosferat
have more in common than any other clan and its
tribu, and the two sides occasi pe
Nosferatu society is loosely
divided into unitsknown
as broods. Most
Nosferatu in a
brood are re-
lated
through
blood ties,
though
outsider
Nosferatu
who relocate to a given city are free to join that
city's brood. Broods are generally run by consensual
agreement, though the opinions of the elders carry a greater
weight than do those of the young.

Deci ly made without at least th
agreement ofall in the clan, and consensus is generally the
watchword within a brood. Individual Nosferatu, content
that at least some attempt is made by the brood to come to
terms with their wishes, rarely act against the interest of the
clan.

Punishment israreamongthe Nosferatu. The Camarilla
branch of the clan reluctantly enforces the Traditions, and

d

z
that sect, but the clan otherwise does nothing to discipline
its members. Nosferatu who consistently cause trouble for
the clan are simply ostracized.

This "punishment" is surprisingly effective; unlife is
harsh for the Nosferatu as is, and a Nosferatu without clan
suppor is fair game fora variety of dangers, including the
Nictuku. Beside

Among men like Jack the Rip-
sper, Ted Bundy, and John Wayne

)/ Gacy there is is a pattern that seems to

ittern, most profession-

is too little studied and
stood.

"Despite the best efforts of the clan,

some Nosferatu justplain lose it. Unable to.

with the com

they
lash
ouatthe
world in
sprees of de-
struction and

Such Nosferatu
are common among the
anarchs and the Sabbat, as
these groups give them outlets
for their violence. Their role in

these groups is simple: terror spe-
cialist. Fear is their weapon and their
drug. Not content with the fear induced by their visage,

isa Alleah soul indeed.

28 4QCLANBOOK NOSFERATU

these Autarkis meticulously study the art of horror, devour-
ing books and movies that depict the grotesque.

_ Many such Nosferatu have become almost
loresque in the pursuit of their atrocities, staging
th the utmost care. They play all manner of games


with their prey: stalking the victim for nights, calling the
victim and breathing heavily on the other end of the line,
cutting the victim's power lines, etc. A persistent legend
among the vampires of the Eastern Seaboard states that one
particularly dreaded Black Hand Nosferatu, having trapped
a Camarilla prince in his haven, was moving in for the kill.
All ofa sudden, the assassin stopped, looked around, shook
her head in disgust, turned and left, muttering that "the
lighting isn't right."

The recent plethora of "psycho slasher" movies has
given these Nosferatu both fodder for their craft and role

FEEDING
PRACTICES

Oh, the shark has pretty teeth, dear,
And he shows them, pearly white
—Bertolt Brecht, "Mack the Knife"
An obvious difficulty for the Nosferatu is feeding. The
merest glimpse of a Nosferatu sends most mortals fleeing in.
horror. in this regard butisfarfrom reliable,

models to emulate. Other vampires,
fuave bem tlrefertesNtnesiais Ketisl OS badthciftcess
in tribute to the villain of Texas Chainsaw Massacre infara
The Nosferatu in question have readily adopted this nom
guerre Razors, hockey masks, ice picks and other ins
ments of féar and pain are standard tools among the ranksol
the Leatherfaces, These Nosferatu likewise emulate the
murder techniques of their cinematic counterparts. A truly
artistic touchis reyb h ‘ictim.
and falling whif¢ thé Leatherface slowly walks forwatd for
the kill, razor in hand.

Furthermore, few Nosferatu develop the high levels of
ate and Presence common among the members of
Jclans as the Toreador and Ventrue. Particularly with
fiHitl to neonate Nosferatu (who do not have the high
Discipline levels needed to subdue prey), feeding can be a
chancy thing.
The elders of certain cities, realizing this, have created
"way stations! among the downtown populace, Certain

the po powwer Song of Serenity, perodiall sather

cluster. The Nosferatu use Song of Serenity to aa ie

| (a a De RR I |
CHAPTER THREE: SUBCULTURE g> 29

f DATE: 12-12-50

TO: Xerxes
FROM: Jameson

RE: Project Rosenberg

Per your request, I delivered the plans for
States atomic weapons to the Soviet agent. In so dd
assumed the shape of the engineer Julius Rosen!
The resulting panic has ind
Rosenberg's trial and certain
media spectacles. I rather confi
struction of extensive subterrai
begin within the next year. Of

promise to be
ict that con-
shelters will

must wait a

the night are rarely believed.

Ofcourse, high levels of the Obfus-

cate Discipline help immeasurably when

sufficient control, a
Mask of the Thousand

we anybody she wishes —

or who happens toneed five pints

e ASAP...

decade or more for the ensuing
and must gain the good will l
the city, state and federal governments to "forget" the
existence of the shelters. Once these feats are accom-
plished, however, our clan will have access to a vast
vampiric Lebensraum, as it were.

tosubside
inord

mesmerize the mortals into a pacified trance, thus allowing
their fellows to feed. Other Nosferatu then Dominate the
victims into forgetting the incident.
The Nosferatu have di dthat 1
ieScngha aaa Sa ee

You flush it — I find it.

—The Penguin, Batman Returns
‘The Nosferatu are infamous among the Kindred for
. IfaCainite
absolutely, th sht, the
Nosferatu are the vampires to consult. Not that this infor-
mation comes cheap.

There are many reasons why the Nosferatu have sucha
stranglehold on information. The Nosferatu's intraclan
unity plays a large role. Nosferatu of different broods rou-
tinely trade that Ventrue elders would never

theiri Pi

Nosferatu display some degree of control in their feeding
and make liberal use of Dominate, victims will keep coming
back to the same "peaceful" spot over and over.

Ofcourse, the above approach only works in crowded,
decaying urban zones. In less populated areas, Nosferatu
must "‘sandmen," stealing into sk houses
in the dead of night to drink their blood. The vampires of
the Sabbat dispense with such genteel practices, instead
preferring to waylay travelers.

exclusively on chil whether because of cowardice or
fosteratuare, not surprisingly, called

dream of imparting to anyone. There is even limited ex-
change between Camarilla and Sabbat broods. Sect
differences pale beside the threat the Nictuku pose to the
entire clan.

This pervasive paranoia turns the pastime of informa-
tion gathering into a near obsession. According to the
legends, the Nictuku are as skilled at stealth and ambush as
are the Nosferatu — perhaps moreso. One of these crea-
tures, if undetected, can infiltrate a city and destroy an
entire Nosferatu warren. Only constant alertness gives the
Nosferatu a chance to detect the Nictuku's presence and
enact preventive measures.

In truth, boredom may also contribute. After all, the

.
: Se = Nosferatu often have more time on their hands than do
vee Chines other vampires. They attend no parties, make no
By ae rendezvous with mortals and avoid vampiric
politics (such high visibility, in the
Nosferatu's minds, promotes a Nictuku
attack). They do not have to spend half
their nights searching for the perfect
: victim —a stray dog will suffice. They
are certainly not sought out for com-
panionship.

The best way to obtain infor-
mation issimply to look, listen and
remember, The warren leaders of-

ten assemble the clan to play
g mnemonic and storytelling games.

"+ F

One common Nosferatu learninglex-
change technique isa variantofa mortal


coer
pee hae
ots ae

Per ens tt

actual fact about something going

a. The next vampire must then.

repeat the first Nosferatu's statement verbatim and add
another sentence to the story.

Ofcourse, thisisalsoa game, so juicy, lewd orotherwise
interesting tidbits of gossip are preferred. If a Nosferatu
forgets line or cannot add anything to the story, she is out.
The round-robin story continues until only one Nosferatu
is left; by this time, a fairly coherent picture of events in the
city has usually been formed.

Nosferatu

also routinely employ

animal scouts. The Nosferatu
affinity for animals is the result ofthe

a
does not betoken any sort of

animals, as does that of the Gangrel:

animals as commodities and tools, and free

todo the clan's bidding. Obviously, the m@retools one has,

the betters and the Nosferatu encourage the spread of

animals throughout their domains. Thus, many

Gothic-Punk world are infested with rats, alley

feral dogs.

Animal scouts are particularly useful once a Nosferatu
has attained the fourth level of the Animalism Discipline,
whereby @ vampire may control an animal and perceive
through its senses. With this power, a Nosferatu may liter-
ally become a fly on the wall of the prince's haven.
Furthermore, provided the Nosferatu can remain awake,
theanimal may operate in sunlight. Thisallowsthe Nosferatu

ats and

= ae eS I |
CHAPTER THREE: SUBCULTURE oe 31


Md cachap ome cae

vampires. Once another vampire's haven has been dis-
covered, that vampire is fair game for all sorts of espionage
and blackmail.

Needless to say, Nosferatu have entered the Informa-
tion Age with a passion. In recent years, Nosferatu have
become amazingly adept at the use of computers. Many
BBSs have at least one Nosferatu monitor online. Certain
warrens strongly encourage computer literacy, and clan
meetings have been called to discuss the creation of a
worldwide computer network accessible only by Nosferatu.
Ieis certain that asthe computer continues to dominate the
globe, the Nosferatu will continue to wax strongamong the
Kindred.

URBAN DECAY
1 can tear down the walls 5 storm the barricades
Rien to the place where the frightened crawl
—The Mission U.K., "Wasteland"
Nosferatu are not known for their elegance, and this
applies to their abodes as well. The Nosferatu are respon-
le for h Sothic-
cities. The lower the station of a victim, the les like
that tales of attacks by monsters will be be]

qualor that

a

Nosferatu often make deals with clar
such as the Ventrue and Lasombn
trading information in exchange for th

deliberate "de-gentrification" ofan are:
{Such a rundown, dilapidated zon
has less of a police presence, making it a
easy hunting ground. If the subdivision is pat
ticularly desolate, Nosferatu can openly brea
into mortals' homes with little fear of reprisal. Fut
thermore, despite the easy prey, other vampires rarel
venture into such an area, preferring the more gentee
settings of the city's bars, theaters and nightclubs.
Crumbling industrial wastelands also suit thy

A decay are pleasing to the Nosferatu, who feel more @
home in an environmentas physically repulsive as the
are. Some Nosferatu go so far as to trade favors for thi
deliberate erection of tacky, cheap-looking buildings
An unsightly eyesore jutting against the pristine slas

4 world, at heaven and particularly at vampire clans suck
as the Toreador.

NOSFERATU GHOULS

By a foulness shall ye know them.

—HP. Lovecraft, "The Dunwich Horror"
Vampire clans, especially the Ventrue and Toreador,

7
dj have long assumed that they control mortal society. How-
ever,

the Nosferatu have proved time after time that one
cannot control what one cannot see. The Nosferatu row:
tinely create ghouls to assist them in their clandestine
endeavors.

power; these they leave for their Ventrue and Toreador
cousins. The Nosferatu have discovered that 10 well-cho-
sen petty bureaucrats can gamer results equal to those
achieved bya mayor oralderman. Indeed, such ghouls often

Y Proj
is generally ofa "hands-on" nature and they are not subject
to reelection.

The Nosferatu have fewer problems recruiting ghouls
than one might imagine. Because they usually draw their
fodder from the lower strata of society, they tend to find

ple wh degree of power, regat
TE pee load se aeice Panna wtSs =
blood of the Nosferatu do indeed acquire the beni
snhanced strength and vitality — but they


jf if

x

perpetual leer. Friends and acquaintances may be puzzled at
the ghoul's sudden "creepiness" without being able to pin-
point what disturbs them.

Of late, the clan has increased its ghoul production
among the underclass, promising this or that drug dealer,
tavern owner or gang leader power and wealth in exchange
for loyalty. This has not gone unnoticed by the people from
whom the Nosferatu recruit their ghouls; they see the
increasing strangeness and deformity among their peers,
fearful by then

weve
i hacochdll tinh

and tycooritThese ghouls in os igmore the "lowly" ser-
vants and sanitation workers who hover around them,
listening...

R&R

Celebrating loss — this is the reflection.
— Killing Joke, "Requiem"

The Nosferatu, when they interact with other Kindred
atall, tend to present dour and serious faces to their fellow
aampires. They are somewhat stereotypically portrayed as
grim, humorless recluses who spend the majority of their
nights huddled in their burrows. This perception is not
merely inaccurate, but entirely false. The Nosferatu enjoy a

wide variety of games, festivals and sports. Indeed, they play
often, wildly and desperately, seeking in their games some
small measure of escape.

SCAVENGER HUNT

The Nosferatu have a particular ritual that combines
practical training

fun. Thisage-old tradition is known among the elders as the
aranta-shadur, but younger Nosferatu refer to it as the
"scavenger hunt" — for that is essentially what it is.

At the beginning of a night of aranta-shadur, the clan.
elders gather all the neonates and ancillae in the warren.
Each Nosferatu participant is then given a list of items to
2 Certain items are common to all participants' lists.
ems are chosen by the elders based upon the ability

e's signet ring would be grossly unfair, while asking
ne of a hardened ancilla would be a little more
reasRable) or upon.a lesson the elders wish to impart (ie.,
a prideful Nosferatu might be asked to acquire a Toreador
Poseurs full-length mirror).


Ifthe elders wish toput certain Nosferatu through their
paces (perhaps in preparation for a mission), two or more
Nosferatu might be asked to acquire the same item; Occa-
sionally, mortals or even other vampires are included on a
Nosferatu's list of "items."

One stipulation of the aranta-shadur is that all items

One Nosferatu innovation is the "sound room." This is
an oddly shaped chamber designed to create all manner of
echoes and other bizarre acoustic effects. Nosferatu "sing-

ts" " stand in the middle of the room. By making different
dd areas of the sound
ream all manner of eerie reverberations can be prodiiced

must be acquired without the k ledge of the owner. The
hunt isa test of stealth and cunning, not the ability to mug
hapless victims and take their possessions. This stipulation.
does not, obviously, apply when the "item" in question is a
living being.

As with a mundane scavenger hunt, she who acquires
the mote ites Ont her list aye the deadline (usually sunrise)

most item:

are returned (the Nosferatu are not Ravnos, after all!); the
return of an item must be equally surreptitious. Sentient
beings are simply Dominated to forget the events of the
evening.

NOSFERATU ART

The pursuit of artis often associated with the Toreador
clan, yet many strange forms of ar have arisen among the
Nosferatu. Nosf is made ll th
the fact that its creators expect few, or no, viewers; indeed,
many of the most magnificent Nosferatu pieces are sum-
marily hidden away or placed in chambers of absolute
darkness, never again to be viewed. Artfor the Nosferatu is
an object lesson.

Nosferatu enjoy sculpture and have the raw materials
for the practice. They ingeniously combine sheet metal,
discarded electrical wire and rusted piping into truly won-
drous creations. Certain sculptures are beautiful, while

‘oreador'
and far surpass them in weirdness.

The sound room, like many creations of the Nosferatu,
also hasa practical use. All manner of auditory illusions can
be created therein to mislead enemies.

‘The water chamber, another Nosferatu work, is similar

h d room i respects. A lat

is dug beneath water-bearing pipes. Various drums, metal
plates, and other reverberating objects are placed at differ-
ent heights on the floor. Water is then leaked from the
pipes, either via condensation or the chiseling of minute
cracks. Meticulous care is taken to ensure that each drop
from a given location is the exact same size and that the
drops fall in a steady rhythm. As the different drops of water
fall at different rhythms onto different surfaces, the cavern
amplifies and carries the sounds, producing a concerto
unknown to the surface world.

Nor are the Nosferatu limited to inanimate media.
Despite their subterranean abodes, Nosferatu practice cer-
tain forms of horticulture. Over the centuries, the clan has
bred and hybridized various sorts of fungi, splicing one with
the other to produce species unknown to mortals. Some of
h high ee

Nosferatu shape fungi in a fashion reminiscent of bonsai
carving, while others prefer to let fungi grow as they will.

These gardens Ge become expansive jungles of weird,
ic

th:

nge.
I ‘ h

p
artists to create works using materials of a size and weight
impossible for humans to manipulate. Nosferatu from all
over the world journey to Peru to view (and traverse) the
"Escalera," an enormous, spiraling sculpture of pipes an
tubing that bridges a chasm deep beneath the streets of
Lima.

the lik ipa doesgh chedeorstiiets bi and
beasts traverse the terrestrial jungle.

It is rumored that the Sabbat Nosferatu of New York

routinely kidnap mortals and dng them down to their

forests. There, th the victims

to ingest lethal quantities of various hallucinogenic fungi.


literal: 1 ieathechesturel

Asthe P

Nosferatu feed on them. The doped-up Nosferatu then
volunteer for the most dangerous War Parties. The victims
are used as fertilizer for the gardens.

THE
UNDERGROUND

attracted to them as cheap labor to build networks of secret
chambers and the like.

The Nosferatu continually expand these underground
areas. Using their ghouls on the city council, they propose
project after project, excavation after excavation. Under
the guise of "urban renewal," they oversee layer after layer

here,asewer
fre hiere en taideipround plata die, A fevconventent

See you hide behind the door

Live in holes and disused shafts.

— Joy Division, "Ice Age"

the Ventruc have erected glassand steel spires to

the heavens and the Toreador have encrusted the middle
a ‘ : heN,

the city to abandon the proje:
id 1 a aun ney

city. Into these areas the Nosferatu crawl.

Nosferatu usually have mortal pawns in the construc-
tion and maintenance industries; these servants keep the
cities growing, evolving and changing. Just as a forest
grows, dies and regrows over itself, so do cities

have carved their own dark kingdoms among the bowels of
humanity's works.

Most cities of the Gothic-Punk world have extensive
Snderground arcis beneath their sueets. The Nosferatu
have

of catacombs and crypts dating back to the mystery cults of
Roman Empire. Indeed, the Nosferatu often founded
fendeven led, via Obfuscate) such cults, using the subversives

inhabited by the Nosferatu continually reconstruct them-
selves.

Houses are built on top of abandoned cellars, are lived
inandare torn down. Tenementsare razed and buried under
new tenements. Malls are built and maintenance tunnels
dug, and then the malls suddenly go bankrupt and close.
The surface of the city is the tip of a vast infrastructural
iceberg —and only the Nosferatu know what's down there.

Of cours, certain secret places must be constructed by

h el. Visitorsto
a Nosferatu labyrinth are oe awestruck as they splash

es (meget Lorelle |
CHAPTER THREE: SUBCULTURE @> 35


around the comer of a filthy sewer tunnel to discover a
pristine, el carves hit i
Nosferatu are builders without peer and have recently gone
to great trouble to Embrace architects and engineers. In-
deed, other clans have begun to whisper that the entire
Nosferatu clan is preparing for some vas, word-panning
feat of and purpose
such an endeavor.

Seeel leh ul lights,

The . r
the Nosferatu's subterranean kingdom. One of the area's
primary purposes is to disorient visitors — both physically
and psychologically. This is done partially out of common
sense (the Nosferatu have no desire to reveal the layout of
their domain to spies) and partially from perversity (the
Nosferatu get kicked around on the surface, and anyone
who enters their realm can expect equivalent treatment).

Thus, the Antechamber is designed to promote maxi-

comb the entire city. The Nosferatu ensure that af

mum discomfort, paranoia and confusion. The area is

via their "warren." Particularly in oldercien these wart
are gigantic structures.

Centuries-old corridors connect with abandoned sub-
way tunnels and disused bomb shelters. Entire sublevels of
buildings lie empty and gaping. Secret shafts lead from the
cellars of the elite to the Nosferatu's chambers. Crypts the
size of rooms or even houses lie directly beneath the glitter-

blisteringly h jid in the winter. Each
room in the hamber usually has several tu

ing elsewhere (some of these are illusions created via
high-level Obfuscate powers).

‘The tunnels (the real ones) are often cramped, requir-
ing visitors to kneel, crawl or even slither through them
(poetic justice in the Nosferatu's eyes). The tunnels are also
generally choked with filth, slime and sewage. As if this
weren't revolting enough, the Nosfecan use Le Animal-

watery transport for the vampires, who build crude skiffs
from plastic and lumber.

Certain adventurous vampires of other clans have
descended into the Nosferatu warrens, but few — suspi-
ciously ew —have ever reemerged. Those who did return

amarilla

ism Discipli Tats, bats,
roaches, worms, slugs, centipedes, spiders and es harm-
less but disgusting vermin.

The Nosferatu consider the Antechamber an object
lesson and delight when some unsuspecting Toreador prima
donna decides to enter the clan's domain to bargain for
A "guest" must often endure several hours of

have begun to grow concerned. If the Nosferatu's demesnes
are indeed as vast as reports claim, the Justicars reason, any
sort of lawbreaking could take place down there.
Inparticular, che Camarilla elders are concerned about
the Third Traditi
from their lofty aeries, the Ventrue lords see the squalid
masses of the poor and homeless, whom they have largely
ignored and left under the aegis of the Nosferatu, Such an
enormous population of potential progeny — such an ex-
pace in which to conceal th
saany Nesieats er capa thee
Ironically, the Toreador wholeheartedly support the
Nosferatu's kingdoms, espousing the truth of the proverb,
"Out of sight, out of mind." "Let the beasts rot in their
holes," they sniff. "Better there than on the carpet at the
Waldorf." [tis equally ironic that the Nosferatu are usually
no more than 10 feet beneath the Toreador who say this,
listening to every word and laughing gleefully.

THE ANTECHAMBER

This is the way — step inside.

— Joy Division, "Atrocity Exhibition"

Most Nosferatu warrens have an area that serves as a
combination of reception room and guard post. This area is
generally dubbed the Antechambet, although it is not

4 Hat een rare

a maze of connected corridors, dead ends and rooms.

laborious crawling, backtracking from one dead end to the
next amid foulness and vermin. By the time visitors reach
the otherside of the Antechamber, where their requests will
be heard, they are utterly lost and psychologically frazzled.
The rare visitor who stoically endures the ordeal of the
Antechamber without complaint usually gains favor in the
clan's eyes.

If a visitor is deemed legitimate and/or harmless, the
clan uses Obfuscate to conceal the sections of the Ante-
chamber where the real, lethal traps are laid. This is not the
case for enemies or particularly obnoxious Toreador...

THE CHAMBER OF
HORRORS

What sounds were heard,

What scenes appeared,

O'er all the dreary coasts!

Dreadful gleams,

Dismal screams,

Fires that glow,

Shrieks of woe,

Sullen moans,

Hollow groans,

And cries of tortured ghosts!

— Alexander Pope, translation of The Aeneid

thers. This room (which is usually quite
large) serves as an audience chamber, recreation area and
last-ditch defensive site, Itis designed to house all the city's
Nosferatu, as well as any visiting clan members or other
guests. The room is the center of a warren's existence. The
Nosferatu, in their typical self-deprecating fashion, have
named it the Chamber of Horrors
The decor of the Chamber of Horrors depends on the

tered throughout; the Nosferatu say that to
stand in the Chamber of Horrors is to stand beneath a
thousand swords. In extremis, the very roof of the place can
usually be collapsed, ensuring that if a Nosferatu warren
dies, its enemies die with it.

THE SPAWNING POOL

With this beast, seems to me when you hear stories about
mudd hing off. Th

proclivities of the clan leader or leaders. In many ways, itis
a reflection of a given warren's attitude toward the outside
world. Some Nosferatu, in an attempt to maintain some
facade of beauty in their unlives, decorate the Chamber

with ornate sculpture, delicate crystal chandeliers, rich

Seabamaetley, Beat
The security-conscious Nosferatu value their privacy
and detest other beings skulking around in their demesnes.

dthe like. Other, IN t

the standards of the surface world wholeheartedly.
These Nosferatu take the C Shamber' 's name most liter-
d i These
items are arrayed about the Chamber in wax-museum fash-
ion, the better to shock and horrify visitors. Implements of
torture, bizarre paintings deformed animals taridermicaly

he provides a good first line of defense, but
certain beings (Malkavians and Black Spiral Dancers, in
particular) can circumvent it with relative ease. While
mechanical traps and the like are useful deterrents, the
Nosferatu affinity with animals allows a more innovative
approach to personal security.

Atsome point in each Nosferatu warren isa small pool
of still water. The Nosferatu take pains to ensure that this

preserved, di
led human organs and the tke adorn these Chambers.
‘The Chamber of Horrors is the most important site
within a warren, and great care is taken in its construction.
Ie is placed in the most defensible spot possible. Cunning

rater remains fresh and pure. The Nosferatu with the most
potent vitse (izes the one of lowest generation) regularly
bleeds into the pool, infusing the water with her essence.


The pool is placed under the effects of Obfuscate,
hiding it from the eyes of humans and most other vampires.
Animals, however, can smell the intoxicating aroma of the
vampiric blood. Rats, roaches, stray cats and dogs, and even
(if legend is to be believed) the fabled sewer alligators come
from miles around to drink from the pool.

The ingestion of the blood-saturated water turns the
animals into ghouls of a sort: they gradually become larger,
more cunning and much more aggressive. Of course, the
blood is Nosferatu vitae, so the animals usually begin to
sprout deformities as well. So much the better, think the
Nosferatu.

The vita is as addictive to these animals as it is to
humans, and once an animal has drunk from the Spawning
Pool, it continues to come back for more and more. The
longer a creature drinks from the pool, the more pro-
nounced the effects on the animal — it grows larger and

pees more and more malformed. Urban
legends depicting dog-sized rats or swarms of foot-long
hes are qq i Pool.
Th imal: ible to Animalism, and the

Nosferatu employ these ghouls as scouts, spies and sentries.
A few (particularly the larger beasts) are kept in the warren
as guards. In most cases, however, the Nosferatu let the
animals toam where they will. They prove remarkably
effective

workers alike.

38. €4CLANBOOK NOSFERATU

ji i ptf

SUBTERRANEAN WARFARE

Very few mongooses, however old and wise they may be,

care to follow a cobra into its hole
— Rudyard Kipling, "Rikki-Tikki-Tavi"

The Nosferatu have many enemies, both among their
own kind and outside. They have fought a guerrilla war in
the dark for millennia. In that time they have become quite
skilled at using their environment against their foes.

One ofthefrstactionsundertaken by Nosferarunew to
acityii
and maintenance industries. This can be accomplished
through prestation, ghoul creation or blackmail, but itis
possible. Possession of such influence
theclana d of power ina mod
power often overlooked by the loftier Ventrue, Tremere and
Toreador. Ifthe Nosferatu presence in a city has been strong
fora long time, the entire city may be riddled with hidden
chambers, booby traps, escape routes and secret crypts.

Nosferatu love subways. Not only do the trains supply
constant vessels, but they are powered by electricity. This
electricity can be diverted from the tracks for a variety of
purposes — including defensive ones. Nosferatu often run
wires from the third rails of subways to nearby metallic
structures. They then lure enemies to these structures.
When the pursuing Kindred/Lupine/wwitch-hunter/what-
ever touches the "harmless" girder or other debris — ZAP!


Furthermore, the Nosferatu usually know at least the
general locations of other vampires' havens — and the
Proximity of thre haven to water and gas mains: Many

tha sound of snexplnionat tha tech es basen aitne
up in flames.
Such tactics can even be used during a pitched battle.

oftheearth. M:

weary ob ccnnitics of loneliness and abuse, haye begun co
voice a "manifest destiny" sentiment toward the earth's
core.

After all, these Nosferatu argue, the surface holds
nothing for the clan. Perhaps, beyond the deepest caverns,
a Xanadu awaits, In recent years, this sentiment has been

yp
gas and water mains at certain preset points that are then
designated with an alphabetical or numerical code. A
fleeing Nosferatu, passing one of these points, calls out the
appropriate code via radio to an ally who lies in wait with a
detonator. When the pursuers pass by — BOOM! More
primitive, but equally effective, are deadfalls, pits, prear-
ranged cave-ins and other forms of traps.

reinforced throughout the clan. Despite the protests of the
more cautious Nosferatu, who warn of the sleeping
Antediluyians, great expeditions into the deep are now
being planned.

‘Anapocryphal tale has spread through the ranks of the
younger Nosferatu, This tale neatly reverses Dante's In-
femoy claiming that the surface world is in fact hell and all

devils. In fact, all surface dwellers look like

The aforementioned fungus gardens provide another
means of defense. Over the centuries, Nosferatu botanists
have bred a variety of exotic and lethal plants, Certain
Nosferatu fungi are exceedingly poisonous, and rumors of
poisons lethal even to vampires have recently circulated
among the Lasombra and Assamite clans.

Other, wilder rumors suggest the "watering" of plants
with Nosferatu vitz. The spore-spraying "ghoul mush-

Nosferatu — they merely cloak their loathsomeness with
clever illusions in a vain effort to delude themselves. By
sloughing off their mortal form, the Nosferatu have ac-

ith ARR \ dit

The Nosferatu must now dig — dig through the purgatory
oft hi Reich wheret

awaits.
Inth lepers have di

rooms,"
thus germinated are generally discounted as fancy.
Direct assaults are not the only means by which the
e Lofthe
sewers makes it ridiculously easy to transport and deposit
incriminating items — blood-drained bodies, for instance
— onto the territory of an enemy.

DEEPER AND
DEEPER

But now I only hear
Its melancholy, long, withdrawing roar,
Retreating, to the breath
Of the night-wind, down the vast edges drear
And naked shingles of the world.

— Matthew Amold, "Dover Beach"

poate Nosf

bestefforts, the

ance

ered many bizarre obj d entities. Some of these, the
elder Nosferatu feel, should have stayed buried. The
Nosferatu do not like to speak of Last Chance Warren in
Colorado.

Its members, spurred by similarities between certain

‘of El Dorado, began an extensive foray into the heretofore
unexplored cave systems beneath the Rockies. A lone
Nosferatu stayed in the upper caves, keeping in touch with
the rest of the warren via walkie-talkie. About 12 hours into
the exploration, the warren excitedly reported findings of
various carved structures — evidently buildings of some
sort. The di
or grinding noise, peals of terrified screams, and Se
sounds, Then the walkie-talkie went dead save for static.
None of the omnes of Last Chance ‘Warren ever

Tetumed hi

in, The Nosferatu claim that the warren was destroyed in a
ut to this night, the lone survivor swears that no
ye made the noises she overheard.

i


NIGHT OF THE TOXIC
VAMPIRES
DATE: 10-23-89

RE: Arlington Warren

Per your request, I set out on foot to discover why
communications between the Arlington Warren and
our own have ceased.

I arrived at Morrow's Cave, the traditional en-
trance to the warren, at approximately 10 p.m. I have
never been superstitious by nature, but you are older
than I and have seen many wonders, so perhaps you will
understand when I say that something about the very
landscape frightened me. Never have I seen a place so
desolate and devoid of life. No birds sang, no bugs
hummed; no trees, no shrubs, not even grass grew there.
It was as if something had dropped down from the sky

menacing. It was the silence one sometimes feels in the
night before one's Beast claws its way to the surface.
But I digress. I entered the cave and crawled down
the tunnel leading to the warren. Upon arriving, I was
profoundly surprised to find the entire structure aban-
doned. The traps, etal. were sill in place, butsave for the

‘on appearance, but I tell you the look in his eyes was
strikingly similar to that evinced by many of the chil-
dren of Malkav.

He led me into the tunnel from whence he had
emerged. The entire place radiated the same green glow,
and I felt a palpable crawling sensation, as if my very
flesh were vibrating. That walk seemed to take an
eternity. The tunnel widened, and there were alcoves
along the sides, faintly illuminated by the green glow. I
could clearly see gnawed bones within, and I heard
scuttling, flopping noises among the debris — rats and
insects, no doubt, though the noises sounded like no
vermin I had ever heard.

Finally, the tunnel opened into a vast cavern. By
vast, | mean that a surface-world skyscraper could have
fit within. The ceiling was lost to my view, while the
walls stretched on and on, finally disappearing into a
greenish mist that floated through the place and ob-
scured everything in sight. I was thankful then that I no

longer breathed.
Volhune tured to me. "This," he said, "is where we
ke our homes. Our a have rang:

far and wide, and we have discovered many wonders
beneath the earth." He laughed then, unpleasantly, and
pointed.

I looked, and far off in the center of the cavern was

usual animal guards, there was no sign of occupati
In the deepest, rearmost room of the warren I found
a recently constructed tunnel sloping downward. I did

not remember this tunnel from previous visits. Having
h I 4 +

below. As I traversed the tunnel, I noticed a peculiar
architectural feature, one I found rather disturbing. The
tunnel had been rather roughly and unskillfully hewn,
and judging by the chisel marks, it had been cut upward
— from below.

The tunnel sloped into the earth for roughly halfa
mile, whereupon it widened into what was evidently a
natural cavern, I am Nosferatu, of course, and long ago
desensitized myself to the niceties of aroma, but the
stench that
the extreme. The walls oe ie of the cave exuded
some sort of green phosphorescence.

Hesitantly, I crossed the cavern. I was, I might add,
quite thankful for the new pair of boots I had acquired

As I walked across the cave, a figure emerged from a
loathe ochersideand call 7

to bea pool of liquid— or
perhaps lava, for it seemed to flame and flicker, though
I felt no heat.

Volhune continued, "We have no more need of
mortalsor vampires. We have found otherstoaidus." He
then — well, frankly, he became incoherent. He began
babbling something about a snake or worm that waits in
the dark, and of a black spiral that he would soon walk.
I did not know whether to fear or pity him.

esate Maetimenliccsceh

cout of the mists. The green liquid dripped from their
bodies; they had evidently been bathing, I recognized
Riley, Karen C., Curtis and Geoffrey — but only barely,
for their bodies were coated with enormous burns, as if
from fire or acid. They did not speak to me, but leered at
me with a look that | know all too well from my own.
Hungers.

"You see, Jameson," Volhune said, "we have redis-
covered parts of ourselves down here. I tell you, we no
longer need blood to live." Looking at the eyes of the
wretches who had been my comrades, I doubted that,
but! I d still. I slowly looked back toward the exit

shambled

greeting.
Ir was Volhune, leader of the Arlington Warren.

I responded, and Volhune approached me. As he
neared me, I grew profoundly disturbed. His flesh bore a
sheen similar to that of the cavern walls, and the

hie : penn

and tensed my legs.

"Yes," Volhune continued, "we have learned things
from our friends of the black spiral. We have learned
how to eat as they do."


{ must now apologize for my unfortunate lapse of

control, but I:
thought of the bones I had seen, and something told me
that if I did not run now I would never again have the
Kn Jol h Iran for

an array of other underground dwellers, many of which
remain unknown to mortal science.

Song in the Dark is superficially similar to the Level
Two Animalism n poe The Beckoning, but this power

the surface world.

Behind me, I heard the sounds of pursuit, and my
name was screamed amid burbling moans. I rans if the
very Furies were on my heels. I was swifter, and the
others seemed reluctant to enter the upper caverns. I
fled outside and went to earth just as dawn broke.

Based on the above incident, I would suggest ceas-
ing communication attempts with Arlington Warren. I
would furthermore suggest that future exploration into
the depths be carefully planned and monitored.

SONG IN THE DARK
(ANIMALISM LEVEL SIX)

In.their millennia underground, the Nosferatu have
ranged deep and wide. In so doing, they have encountered

the the under-
eo Th h
Seay tells age eer eee acecorelea Belanger
than blue whales.
System: The Nosferatu must be underground or on the
b

She must then make a Charisma + Survival roll (dfficuley
8).1 l,andiftherei i the

vicinity (Storyteller's discretion), something will answer
the call. The creature is not under the Nosferatu's direct
control, but is generally not hostile toward the caller, or at
least is more likely to devour the Nosferatu's enemies. More
successes summon additional creatures or more powerful
ones. A botch often calls a hostile creature, or even (if
legend is to be believed) alerts a Nictuku to the Nosferatu's
presence.



CHAPTER FOUR:

LOWLIVES

Everyone becomes the one
The one they most despise
— Cop Shoot Gop, "All the Clocks Are Broken"

Though few care to look at Nosferatu long enough to
learn this fact, this clan is as diverse as any other. The only
thing its members have in common is that their features are,
by mortal standards, grotesque. Even their deformities are
unique, and no two Nosferatu horrify observers in quite the
same way.

The templates presented here are simi
Vampire. The Natures and Demeanors
samples only. You can easily alter these temp!
concept of how you would want to run the character. Some
of these Natures and Demeanors are taken from The Vam-
pire Players Guide.

es tofityour


}
ito to
Quote: (raspy, labored breathing)

Prelude: Mommy never had time for you; she called
you "her little monster." Daddy had all too much time,
though you hated the games he played, and he made you
swear never to tell Mommy. If you did, he said, he'd cutyou
up into little chunks and dump your bloody bones in the
You had no friends — Daddy discouraged visitors, and
the other kids were uncomfortable around you anyway. So
you sat and festered alone in the damp cellar. Not that you
were lonely. You saw and heard things in the dark that no
human had a right to see and
hear. The scuttlings in the
walls, the scrapings under
the floor, the rattling
against the window—you
knew what made them
all.

Over all the other
noises, you heard the di

tant wail of the river. The
river, which Daddy had
deprived of its prey. The
river, singing for pieces off
flesh. and bloody bones.
You had been a good boy. \q
Mommy and Daddy had
been bad. Time forthem to go
to the river

There were tools in the
cellar — sharp saws, heavy
hammers, pliers, rope, an. axe,
You waited until you heard the
screaming upstairs. Mommy and
Daddy had been drinking. Now they
were fighting. They were being bad.
You took your tools and climbed the
stairs and went to play with Mommy
and Daddy.

Afterward, you made a deal with
the river. The river got Daddy, bu.you
got to keep Mommy. Now she had all
the time in the world — she could play
with you forever.

The stench would eventually have ym
alerted the authorities, but something else
found you first. Itbit you, and changed your
outside ro look like your inside. Now you
really were Mommy's little monster. But you
still had a debt to the river. Now you play your
little games with other people, and the river
gurgles its contentment.

52 @CLANBOOK

OSFERATU

Concept: You have learned little save how to hide,
stalk and kill — but you have become very good at these
feats. Your education was nearly nonexistent, but you are
very cunning.

Roleplaying Tips: You have been terrified all yourlife,
and now you plan to inflict the same fate on others. You
don't think like other people or vampires do, and rarely
speak. When you do talk, it is often to the
shrunken head of your mother, which

you carry around at all ti
; Equipment: Chainsaw, hockey
f mask, ice pick, straight razor, axe,
carpet cutter, knives of all shapes and
sizes, Mommy's shrunken head


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Demeanor: Autist
Concept: Leatherface

Generation:
Hayen:

3 8th

SOs
Physical

Strength____—e@@e0000

Dexterity.

Stamina.

Attributes
Social
Charisma. 0000000
Manipulation___ @@@®@0000
Appearance___ 00000000

TY
Talents

Agting ___—_ogngoago

Alertness,

Athletics,

Brawl,

Dodge @@000000

Abilities
Skills

banal
Knowledge

Animal Ken.

Drive______90000000
Etiquette.

900000000
Computer.

00000000
00000000

Firearms,

Finance.

Melee.

Law.

00000000

Music.

Empathy. i)
Intimidation, @0000

Repair.

Linguistics,

Medicine.

00000000
#0000000

Security.

Occult,

@0000000

Stealth,

Politics.

00000000

Survival,

Science.

00000000

ey
Disciplines
ism. 00000000

Obfuscate.

#0000000
@@000000
#0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Potence.
Fortitude

Advantages:
Backgrounds

Generation

09000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

00

<SOxo4
—-a—— Other Traits ——

Police Procedure_@0000000
Serial Killer Trivia e0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Attributes:7/5/3_ Abilities

sty

oH

@@e@aeeo00000

—

2..— Willpower —=—
@eeeoeooeaeeeo
Dbooooooooo

-~—— Blood Pool —~—

Oooooo0o0o0o00
obooooooooo0

/9/5_Disciplines

Backgrounds:5. Virtues:

Injured

Wounded

Mauled

Crippled

mm We

ZERO APPEARANCE. FAIL AN'
ACTION INVOLVING APPEARANCE

Freebie Point

5 (7/5/2/1)



APPENDIX:

WHO'S WHAT.
AMONG THE
NOSFERATU

SERGEI VOSHKOV

Tension tan rampant across the shade
Cold War Europe, bur no name inspire
and dread as that of Sergei Voshkov, The CIA and othe

vy chess

would have ch to catch the infamous k

snot tobe; heslipped through the ager
vugh he often lett hehind

spymaster. |
rip like smoke, t
trocities and disappearances. like the tail of «st
Voshkow hac

legend only, forden

By the

Ntelligence agencies of the wor 34 world war

ng. The damnable Gorb
West, and the once-dread

re him at midt

appear

f course, though he had scorned then

babble. He knew who she was, and he guesse "

fie Still, he checked the counterrey

thar nearly tell fre

telling him thar she had need of the vul to the R

The old order was indeed crumbling, bur men suc

could carveanew Mother Russia amid the vacuum. V

still hungered foraction, and was his frame nor wrinkled and
nyway? Renewed vitality, even atsuch st, was,

ve hag's offerand became her

wither

neonate
Voshkoy travels the world in the service of Baba Yaga

he is her Eye and her Fist. The combination of his formi

dable mortal talents and the supernatural might imbued by

hus low generation renders him virtually unstoppable

PRUDENCE STONE

Ever since she was a small child in England, Prudence
had seen the visions. She had seen the ship that was to carry
her family to the Colonies before her parents had even:
dreamt of setting sail. Her dreams had shown her the gray
rown and its gaunt gray men by the gray sea long before she
had ever heard the words "Plymouth Bay."

Prudence wasastrange and fey child, and such qualities
were not valued by the dour Puritans of the colony. She
spent many longsummerafternoons walkingaloneamid the
shadows of the New England glens, heedless of the dangers
about which Cotton Mather preached so vehemently. She
saw none of the witches and demons rumored to haunt the
forest, but she saw many other things invisible to the grim
townspeople. Flitting sprites darted amidst the flowers, and
tiny, wrinkled gnomes winked at her from beneath toad-

5 stools,

Prudence, fascinated by the forest's secrets, spent more
and more time there, exploring deeper and deeper within.
One day the fascinated Prudence failed even to heed the
steady sinking of the sun. By the time she thought about
heading for home, night had shrouded the woods. The
formerly serene forest underwent a frightening change,
Eerie,
the gentle breeze became a fierce wind that cut through the
copses with what sounded like mocking laughter,

es crept at the edge of her vision, and

The frightened girl walked, then ran for home, but
despite her keen senses she could not ascertain the correct
path. As she tan blindly, she felt a palpable stare from the
forest depths. She whirled — and saw a dirk, twisted form
leering at her fom amid the shadows of the branches.

Prudence started in shock. Surely something so horrid
must be the Black Man abour whom the townspeople
dar that awful fac
nd ler out a terrified wail.

she could restrain

whispered. Asshe
herself no longer

At the sound of her voice the crearure's expression
changed to one of amazement. Lt sprang toward the terrified
Prudence, growling ina gurtural voice, "How did you see
me? How?"

Upon discovery of Pridence's powerful gift, however,
the creature's attitude softened. It spoke to Prudence ina
gentle voice, reassuring her that it was hardly a demonic
entity, but had once been a human being just like her. Its

eo

——
ws
a =

if name was Osric, and it had been one of the first colonists to
| set foot on the Vinland shores centuries ago.
of ‘ Prudence and Osric became fast friends, and Prudence
fH spent even more time amid the forest's bowers. Her behav-
} 1 ior did not escape the watchful eyes of the townspeople. As

she grew, the whispers began — whispers of midnight visits
i with witches and pacts with the devil. Prudence was open
3 and frank abour her Second Sight, and that alone would
a haved:

mned her in her repressive era,

The trial took place when she was 18. The obligatory
witch's mark was found, and she was sentenced to be

eens


hanged. Asshe lay in her cell and prayed, Osric appeared at
her window. He tossed a vial of a strange brownish liquid
into the cell. "Tis my vitze," he whispered. "Drink it. Twill
save thee until | can Embrace thee. Be brave. Drink it."
Then he disappeared. Prudence, baffled but trusting her
friend, swallowed the contents of the vial. The liquid was
bitterand foul, but it filled her with vitality and calmed her
shattered nerves, Indeed, she craved more.

Morning came, bright and harsh. Pruslence was led to
the gallows. The smug clergyman prayed for her damned
soul. The noose was placed around her neck. The signal was
given, and she dropped. She felt a horrible wrench, and
distinctly hes k. Instinet told her to
shut her eyes and lie limp — for she realized, despite her
pain, that she would! nor die.

rd her vertebrae cr:

The children were led past to gawk at the grim object
lesson of sin's wages. Prudence hung limp, dangling from the
rope. Evening fell and Osric appeared. He cut her down
from the gallows, took her in his arms, and gently sank his
teeth into her neck. She felt calm and serene as the blood
left her. Afterward she awoke, and was inducted into the
society of the Kindred.

Prudence became one of buta few Kindred inhabiting
North America, and she quickly proved her worth to her
peers. Her Second Sight was unaffected by her condition;
indeed, it improved as the years slipped by, She settled in
Boston, where she was instrumental in keeping the Sabbat
ar bay. She has become something of a clan matriarch and
uses her powerful psychic abilities to keep the rest of North
America's Nosferatu apprised of danger.

Stone isa powerful voice among the Nosferatu of New
England. Inaddition tothe standard abilitiesof the Nosferatu,
she possesses Auspex abilities of preternatural potency. She
appears as a small, withered Nosferatu dressed in somber
blacks and grays. Her neck is stretched and twisted from her
hanging, and her head lolls across her shoulders ar a 90:
degree angle.

PUSFINGER

Pusfinger was a relatively typical Nosferatu neonate,
skulkingand scrounging through the back alleys of Seattle
His unlife was also fairly typical fora member of his clan: he
hunted, he sneaked, he shunned others and was shunned.
Unfortunately for Pusfinger, not everyone shunned him; in
particular, Empedocles, a high-Starus Toreador Poseur,
singled him out for ridicule at every opportunity. Pusfinger
hated Empedocles with a passion, but could do little; rightly
‘or wrongly, Empedocles outranked him in the Camarilla,
and the older vampire's Auspex cut through Pustinger's
Obfuscate attempts like a knife through burter.

One night, as Empedocles and his sycophants mocked
the Nosferatu in a dingy courtyard, howls shattered the
nightair. Two enormous, furry monstrosities — Lupines by
the look of them —sprang from the roof ofa nearby building
and waded into the undead, slashing and chomping


Empedocles fell to his knees and wailed, while his ghouls
(chosen more for their looks than their skill) were quickly
reduced to lumps of ragged meat. Pusfinger, however, had
had enough. His blood, already set close to boiling from the
cruel taunts, suffused his limbs with liquid fire. He waded
into the melee, and his world went red

When his head cleared, he was standing over the
corpses of several ghouls and two Lupines. His flanks and
limbs had been shredded by the Lupines' claws, burthe pain
of his wounds was nothing compared to the satista
hussudden realization, Pustinger slowly turned to the ashen-
faced, cowering Empedocles and calmly informed him that
he would be contacting Clan Toreador about the life boon

tion of

owed him,

Since that night, Empedocles has been ar the beck and
call of Pusfinger, Though Empedocles owes the Nosferatu
the greatest tavor imaginable, and Pusfinger could demand
nearly any service, he chooses not to ask for great
mighty boons. No, Pusfinger instead takes repayme
humiliating bit. Empedocles has been valer, victim pro-
curer, haven cleaner, model and many other thi

Inoneofhisgreatest coups, Pusfingerforced
ro wear Pusfinger's old, dirty clothes to all the Toreador
social events. Empedocles' herd and sycophants, seeing the
proud Toreador clad in a stocking cap, combar boots and
stinking plaid shirt, assumed it was the latest craze and
atrempted to emulate it. This "look'' spread throughout
Seattle and thus was "grunge fashion" born

Needless tosay, Pusfinger's deed rockered him topromi-
ne nks of the Nosferatu. Though grunge
fashion ts slowly (and mercifully) dying our, Pusfinger
remains one of the most respected Nosferatu on the West
Coast.

THE "BAT CHILD'

The origin of the tragically hor

"bat child" is unknown. In many ways this creature re:
sembles one of the more bestial members of Clan Gangrel,
but its uneanny ability to vanish from the sight of its
: rsuers marks it as Nosferatu. It was first discovered be-
vwath the Appalachians by a group of weekend spelunkers.

Blinded and disoriented by the humans' flashlights, it re-
ne of the team to uike a
by

igs besides.

mpedocles

ce among the

ic figure dubbed the

mained visible long enowy
photograph of it. The blurred
a tabloid journal, which immediately ran a full-page story
t child." A frantic search for the

iny photo was bou

about the so-called

creature ensited

Though the
its pursuers, its obvious inexperience with its powers has led
to many documented sightings and a few photographs.
Narurally, the upper echelons of the Camarilla are gravely
concerned about this breach of the Masquerade and have
made it known to the princes of thetr cities thar the "bat
child" 1s to be captured at all costs, Nonetheless, the feral
cunning of the creature has enabled it to remain at lan

thus far

at child" has thus far managed to elud


1 maw ESOS TT

CLANBOOK:

OSFERATU

Hideously deformed, hiding from the
world's eyes in their dank holes, the
Nosferatu thrive despite their
ostracism from vampiric society. But
what are they plotting in their dark
caverns? What schemes are brewing in
the nether regions of the night? The
Nosferatu watch everyone else, but
who watches them?

Clanbook: Nosferatu includes:

e The history of the clan and its true
role in the upheavals of the undead;

e 10 sample characters suitable for
players and Storytellers; and

ethe horrifying details of the
Nosferatu kingdoms under every
city.

er ‘ Se 1-56504-064-3
The Masquerade 2054 $12.00US

hi of

all

DARKNESS 9°781565"04064
