# File: Order of Hermes.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


"ORDER.

"RERCES |

1 Am Become Tre Worn

THE EMPEROR.

By me Pymannie Hexnsaam

Sd RRO ES


NOP All

Crenits

Written by: Allen Varney (Introduction, Chapter 1), Nicky
Rea (Chapter 2), Beth Fischi (Chapter 3), Jackie
(Chapter 4), Mary Denning and Steve Long (Appendix).
Additional Appendix material by Phil Brucato

Developed by: Phil Brucato, with Allen Varney

Edited by: Ronni Radner

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Layout and Typesetting by: Aileen E. Miles

Art: David Leri, Mark Jackson, Eric Lacombe, Heather J.
McKinney, Paul Phillips

Front Cover Art: Michael William Kaluta

Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

assada

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
B SUITE 128

ATLANTA, CA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rig

duction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly

zhts reserved. Repro

forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and blank character
sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire the M Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the
Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
on, Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West and
The Book of Shadows, Ascension's Right Hand, World of Darkness:
Sorcerers, The Book of Madness and The Book of Crafts are
arks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.

trademark of White Wolf Publishing, Ine.
sion. Bjornaer, Criamon, Diedne, Flambeau,
or, Tytalus and Verditius are crademarks

ueradi
querade

All rights reserved.

Order of Hermes i:

and is used with perm
Jerbiton, Merinita, Qu:
of Atlas Games, are from the Ars Magica™ game, and are used with
permission. Ars Magica is a trademark of Atlas Games.

All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted
by White Wolf Publishing, Inc
The mention of or reference toany company or productin these

pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and
themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and
intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is

Check out White Wolf online at

heep://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

San Sreciat TRANS To:

Mike "Mignola" Chaney, for winning the war with Saddam but
losing it to Hitler;
Ronni "Taskmistre:

the bills;

Larry "Spin Doctor" Freidman, for filling dark nights with

" Radner, for finding a better way to pay

song;
Pauly "Babewatch" LePree, for taking Pamela to warmer halls;
Laura "Personal Assistant" Perkinson, forimpressing ol' Harlan;

Staley "Not Interested" Krause, for having more integrity than
God;

Christian "Caw! Caw!" Naberhause, for flying the coop with
style;

Elizabeth "Outspoken" McKee, for falling in battle;

ymin' Through" Gunter, for his fleeting, quiet shadow;

jean-Cut" Haight, for leaving us to do our own dirty

Trace "Three Strikes" o'Connor, for a bad-luck streak that
ended the hard way;

Scott "Midnight Rambler" Cohen, for keeping the ladies happy;
Tim "Spy@White Wolf" Byrd, for wearing out Ken's carpet;

Emory "Huh?" Hester, for being the most puzzling fatality in
the bunch;

Kathleen "Club Ninja" Ryan, who'll be missed more than she
could know;

..and Oh Soon Shropshire, who's gone through such hell that
I can't bring myself to attempt a joke about it. God, I wish you
a better year this time around.

Take care, folks.

Creors Wren Ir's Dur

The authors thank Stephen Edred Flowers and Don
Webb for permission to quote from their works

Many of the concepts in this book (including the
Houses of Hermes themselves) originated in the game Ars
Magica, now available through Atlas Games, or in Chapter
One of The Book of Chantries, by Steven Brown, Phil
Brucato and Robert Hatch. The original Ars Magica back-
ground was created by Jonathan Tweet, with contributions
from Shannon Appel, Ken Cliffe, Geoff Grabowski, Nicole
Landroos Frein, Peter Hentges, Marc Phillips, Mark
ReineHagen, Naomi Rivkis and Lisa Stevens. Houses
Fortunae, Janissary, Shaea and Thig were created by Steven
Brown, Phil Brucato, Beth Fischi and Allen Varney. The
modern state and membership of the Order comes from the
work of the latter authors.

2 Order of Hermes

Ye


Contents
J NTRDDUCTION 4
Foorwore 1: Curonoxosicat Precis (History) 8
Foorwore 2: Conguncrrones Domesricne CWwreannt Retarions ) 18
Foorore 3: Heameric Houses 30
Foorore 4: Consuncriones Exrerwat CExrerwat Rerarions) 50

Fprennix: Aas neice ev SNSceLLANER



INTRODUCTION

Another damned, thick, square book! Always scribble, scribble

scribble! Eh, Mr. Gibbon.

William Henry, Duke of Gloucester, upon receiving
Volume II of Edward Gibbon's Decline and Fall of the Roman

Empire, 1781

6/27/1997 07:20 GMT

ID#1251/4/1997.06.27.1

To: Master Auris Galina Gritsenko, Horizon
Chantry

From: Mahmet Kemal, Disciple, Chantry Ox-
ford

Re: Apprentice Hornbook 37/e

Past Refs: 1251/4/1997.05.12.1,~.2, 23/6)
1997.06.04.1

SECURITY: NON
Honored Master (and Editor) Gritsenko,

Thank you for forwarding to me the prepublication draft of
the next Hornbook. I have read it until my eyeballs bled, and I
have many comments.

ize and Scope: The exponential growth of the Horn-
book disturbs me, and no doubt this new edition will terrify new

500, I began skimming.

apprentices. I confess that after page 2
Of course anew Hermetic must master voluminous lore, but the

lore is neither an end in itself, nor is much of this particular lore
pertinent

For example, need an apprentice in his first year of study
really learn that between 1006 and 1047, Himinis the Mad of
House Verditius crafted Talismans with hidden traps? These
devices are now gone, to say nothing of House Verditius, and yet
Section One offers a full discussion (pages 565-84) presented
with the urgency of today's news,

The practice of retaining all material from all previous
editions —all the commentaries, and the commentaries on the
commentaries — has made the Handbook a welter, a stew. It is
a burden. An apprentice suffers burdens enough already, as |
well remember from my recent stays in Doissetep and Horizon

* Approach: Aside from its length, I think the text's
nature also works against our best purposes. From the venerable
Paraenesis Primus (page 24)

Proud is the Order of Hermes, long its lineage, formidable its
knowledge. Of resource, no other Tradition commands so much: the
greatest number of Magi and Chantries; the greatest number of
Masters and Archmagi; the grandest libraries; the deepest under-

Introduction

$-] Sajoui00g YooqWO}] :sIuaUPENY
yowyey
‘sino
"wyeay ozo} Aun e ayy ‘99efd apt]
snospuoa 8 sa] 'syoog yam Ysry paptd ‘snopaaseut st 2140 SI]
"eMTULaYY ay Jo Ise] AYA Jo uo "yDuewpiM | Aaayoan Yysnosya 10
srouenbpeay AueYD plopXO 2e JayIa aw Yrvad ALU NO
"suompel |
1ded JIU v s1aYJO saIOUIO0y
aad

Jo Jeonnsead asow siya ort yaed
aya yo Apnas aeup aonuaidde mau ap astape pynoo aiou Aro ie;

Y ‘SmOUIOO SE SUOISIAA as9y apNyUT IYZTUL NOK os ‘s1aadey>
apoyas aoejdax 02 s1jodun aq pjnoa at auns wi, | JOUoY seyNBuIs
v sv eaoudde anok ayea pjnom | ‘uoIsnjout Jo AyOM peHAEUE
siy2 puy aaiiWWOD JeHOUp: yaadey>
YOoqWIOH] [e19Aas Jo suUONIepar Yesp parsassns youne |

ay? pue nod pynoys

pypea 02 ddueYD ay aw UdATS
Suraey yaiBou 2,u0m nod EU pue
[1 nod aetp adoy aur saais sry p -oyuasig soiseyy ‘smart Aut
parsadsor pur pagloyfos shem]e NOA ‘uozOp] We suOHESIaAuO>

Jesodoad pjoq Aw s9pisuoa

Aue ano ur ang preay OU pue uaas aq pjnoys aydiosiq
ayo v yuIYA sHaIsePY ISOPY ‘UORduNsoid jo sxOFUEp aya pues
-tapun 4 ‘diysasnuaidde Jo no are] SUG :sUONsaB3ng

"Buoje wayp ssed or payouoy aq p,f "wayr
Autaas ul parsaraiut 94,no4 J] ‘SuOIssnostp asuap AyjeuoNUaIUt
sJooquso} ay Jo sowed paspuny Aue ueyp asow au rYsNeD saps
LyAYSpap asoyL -(Z¢E1) smrary Aq sayqey jEuNUL snoy Jo UO
-pysuen sty aur dae8 soyuog saiseyy ‘Sururen Aw Sung

jo1ay soduep savas aup st yory,yy {uaes9sayous
Aauna
"aead say Aaya Ul sanUasdde arepipued Q] JO. INO UAVs aso] OS]E.
aa Jaf ‘a]puey UeD Ady URL Jamod a1oW BurUIes wos ajdoad
ajqisuodsaan daay am ‘anay. -Aoa1398 auIJNOI UI past 9WI0I9q

sv Funda Aq ISO] aM aLY SIUaPEI [eas AuLUE MOF]

sey OM ao Jo YoNUF oor aAdtjaq Lang "snouasKu kPUINUas
aie sajdiound snouupy ‘suaquinu jeruapuassuen a4]
"AUprony auanxa jo suawoW uF puayaidde ue>
suenewoypew pouren Apu yorys ‘su9quinu Jerapusssuen
jo aameu aya pue — ra.0ad 09 JPY Pjnow X UONeIM] Yory
ruridanyq jestuypar e — jorsid asefq.e Jo sBUNYIOM ay UdaMI2g
aoUdLaYIP ap St A] "UORULOFUT UMOUY Jo 1UAU]LaUOD aut
© ‘Azaloas ase} wosy Iara st ‘Artpear so aadse ue Auayssur
punoyosd aes ang "Auaaoosip v YoNs uO ae pur purrssapun
‘ ‘yp9s ayA uNYIM ArDaoosip v ‘Sisous

fet UeD spen0U ma,
Sta} ‘snouaiskur st apajmouy jexoueur ype ‘sin0> jo

"yoni sv soardsop soonuaddde
jo uonwauas 1x9U ING "BuIpueasiopun paaorype |
Aw Aq ang ‘uonezOWaWL 2201 pazueA\ s19IIM YOOUIOF] 2Y,,
11 pazaqunogua | se aut 0} 191998 Yea poutEydxa Ajsnojnonaw ay

ple sgaaseur

‘saguezea]> Aauundas anbrue asoup ,‘saaBap,, anuaidde josnom
la13as

eda iuog ,1Ue> [NYT], ‘9seayd aod sry ur ‘auM OY
sansst queuodwt poy AjuRnique oYm siaua Yala aouaned
ou sey soyniog saseyy ‘Ajareunog ‘aw paysnus aaey pjnom ‘ae|
-nuwiio} 3UsopUR]D pue ae|NUNIOJ IdAuD sat |[e "Pjoo Yooquuo}y
aJOYM ay2 azuOWAW o1 ose SurAey ‘aouO Ie ]]e UeIyI0Ug
pue

sey peay Au pue ‘oBe suvad aantp papua diysaonuardde Apy

aaig ‘uNe] Urea] or pey | "Sunny paddors asnf Aju

§pog ays ur st wip ut 08 01 jnos
ays sof youffip pun pavy nq ‘kom ajqoiauan v s1 J "90] ay 40f 491129
1 mau, pun 1431 ay 01 pour Yi3ua} Ww Kays ‘ssouyanp uw Kousnof
ray Sunpow yorym kq pun fu payjeavar suyoag ays yorym "yan

SQUID} JO J2PIC) 9

01 kom ayn si Guo snp 404 "2y8tu ay sjadsip uns aya sv ffo uaaup
2g J]Ys uorsnfuod yonw orunazaym ‘2a.8ap puoras ayi 01 axdso Kou
ay a4ofaq ‘uormimuazu0d Suyjadwo> pup rusunappmeg Suuydiosip
"asaymf ays 01 axaduio2 2x01 2Joym sty wAD} [POYs 2190 IY]
(pp aed) uouswodao1g
ay woy asessed siya sapisuod swsnuesnasqQ «
jaunds yo Aaeyp ou
paoye aa ue amod ano ut aund9g "woyp SurzIUONed InoYIA
aspajmouy ino aieys o2 ‘siaquiaw saya Uoddns pue dadsor

N saqUN IY Japuom Jo asuuas ayp Jo ‘sKvm say UT ‘ayeued

suommpery q]e 1eup
saonuaidde djay pynoys a "yseordde ayeiadway aiow ‘mou

wo 01 (suaIseP May e ‘sdeysod ‘pue)

B aye) UOINIPa YOOqUIOH Mau sIUp IYI sIsaBdns wsewsead
d19W "PIG 242 UI AvAs OU SPJOY AIILAId UOWWOD J]

(at pacuoy
1eyA suOPIpUOD ay? Jo-dquo-aaouddesip | ‘uoNae sared AU
uoddns | 9sino9 4) "2anonnsut se sovyd JeIHHIOd zppI-eAUI
Suinsua aya ayea | ‘pip Aayp sv siya paoueuarunod aaey sodew
JouNOD saypo ayp pjnom soU foRARISHD ORS JaIseY ISH] aBUd]
Jey 01 Aaessaoau 41 pawsap aavy JOU P|NOA solpyog sIse,
Daaifaq | ‘AUIN Jo [!UNOD atp Jo Is9d ay YAM UONWOTUNUTOD
JO soul] punos paurejurew am pepy "aouesoue ased ano jo
saguanbasuo> snouieye> ayy sh UAoYs sey J}9S11 UOZIOH]

ua]]eq pue snoKYD "pes
-ouypa | ‘sauaua UOWIUOD sno IsUIeBe sn djay rouURD si]
yadsaz s1ayp pauostod pey inowny aueg "unfurl ou way auop
pey am yBnoys ‘sapsg ayp jo saz
parsnasip Aatp ‘uondaoxa inoypim youre rtp Useay 02 pasud
AiNs aq 2,U0Mm ‘oxUISIID JBIseyy ‘NOY ‘saBew uoNIpery AueUL
Jaw | ‘Sdatyoue UOZOF] ay? UL sarpnas Aw Sung, ‘suoNped L

WW aYAO |jB paopur pue aut

— eau, ‘adoy | 40u — pare ano Suneuaye Aq. asned sit
powuey spaes seq rapid ayy :AueW jo yatjaq ay azeys |
suonips X1s se] Dy 10} YOOWOF sty UI AeAL IyTTENIS
1 paiswunosua sey aonuaidde mau Aiaaa asnesaq Ayqissod
— JapPIO ay! Jo yon SazaiDeFeYD Ospe Mou ‘Bururerd snperd |
szoyine atp jo sta deueyp ‘apname jeUoNeUOYUOD s,asessed
sty ang "ew Suowe awaadns A[quasaiuosut sear aU $8100} |
397. UI U9A9 OYA ‘soyMOY sDIseYy ‘axed Aw! 0} 9ouAraJaI B Pappe
aay aysiu ay DUTUOMAuS PosseyD AyEontod ssay e Uy -9]A2s
gnisingdnd sasioopy 492 saxseyy xe] 9y1 921919 10U OP | 49u
-uew plo Ysry ays ut passaidxa Apuesazs pur ‘ann Apsoyy
"aUOp SII Puy oC,
‘spupunuod jim uuef yum snounazy ayn aprymunayy "foyaq asf wi
qtlawaUITUOD anissnd Syaas aS14IX9 PUD UONDUpaU sty YrIM IysDy\y
ay wang "iva.z0.d 01 Kyuo saurdso san pooyg 12y yam youm ay pup
‘saystupa pup soaiaw v ay] Swing aD10 sIy YIM IUDISIg YL "sanIap
fo soanf ayn 40f ppryo v ayy sBaq Buos sry yrm ouay9 ay] "10U smowy
ay auids v 01 Kpog sty 4900 sami apis pun sunup sty yim unuDys
pouBuogn ay p jx sry woddns 01 Koay fo paxys Kup saffo uns
aSput s2y20 wy,p\ {apy 18v2] «no fo a3paymowy aarsuayauduod ay2
1sp0g und ‘4S LanawYyM fo ‘uoNIpL] joau Cup w aru wy/A\
sanpeswayy suomipos |, ayp fo wonvuuof ay ‘paapwu
‘saxayds ayn fo uonvnuuof ayr ‘a8 onptyy y8ipy ayp fo sruaue
-2na1yr OOO‘! ay) Cpnis poyot8ou fo uonvoyfipo9 ay) !vruuayrUe
fo 1aasap ay2 :yonut os wunp Kou uoMpoL ] 2ay20 OU ‘aorsty {OC
darassiog fo Karuny sonuaad yp !poougui 7] ssapunos wouf ao1a1as
fo sisvdwo2 Surpuq ‘ewapvsn pun ao1auw0? 01 son Suous :yonut
OS spjaim uomprsy 42yi10 ou ‘a9oUanyuT JE "uy aya fo Supunis

WA

Z


6/29/1997 14:09 GMT

ID#24/6/1997.06.29.1

To: Ed. Committee mailing list

From: Master Auris Galina Gritsenko, Horizon Chantry

Re: Mahmet's Hornbook 37/e revisions

Past Refs: omitted

SECURITY: ULTRA

Well. This plucky little Disciple seemed harmless enough
whenever I met him in the library. Polite, soft-spoken — I was
just glad to see that one of Porthos' apprentices had finally
survived his term. I sent him the new edition on the chance that
he might suggest a few corrections. And now here he is, inciting
revolution.

Understand, everyone: Mahmet sent me'these alarmingly
plain-spoken files over an unsecured.tine, without encryption
This, after I'd mentioned past seéurity problems. I'm sure-he
knew exactly what he was doing. That's alt wenéed, bootleg
Hornbook appendices cietilating among the apprentices...

I must admit, I'm,fempted to add'these chapters as foot-
notes. They would light bombs under a lot of mages who need

GrossnRium

it. But Mustai's Janissaries and a hundred others will queue up
to aggravate us all, starting with the assassination of our Mr.
Mahmet. | imagine we're all willing to fend for ourselves, but
even though Mahmet can walk around with Porthos's big stick
in his pocket, he won't last long. Opinions?

Master Dinesen, what do you say? Of us all, you're most
familiar with security threats and the machinations within
Doissetep.

Attachments: Hornbook Footnotes 1-4

6/29/1997 21:17 GMT

ID# 26/9/1997.06.29.3

To: Ed. Committee mailing list

From? Master Leif Dinesen, Horizon Chantry
Re: Mahmet's‘Hornbook 37/e revisions

Past Ref: 24/6/1997.06.29.1

SECURITY: ULTRA

I say publishyand be damned}.— LD

HERMmETICUM

Hermetic terminology would fill a dictio-
nary. Most of it comes from Latin or ancient
Egyptian; a great deal derives from Arabieschol-
arship of the early Renaissance; and niodern
Hermetics have borrowed words promiscuously
from many magickal systems. The following
terms, however, are used commonly throughout
the Order.

«Spirit Sphere (broa

Anima: Life Sphe ;
» Manes);

lessfavored, interpretation of "spirit";
also Ars Animae, "the Art of Lif
Art (or Ars): Magick;
Bani:

Sphere (pl. Artes)

"Of the House of." Used in Hermetic titles within
also a formal honorific for members of other Tradi-
tions ("Winterbreeze, bani Verbena")

Cirelus Abstrusus: The Inner Circle of Hermetic Mas-
ters.

City of Pymander: A Hermetic utopian ideal, where all
humanity seeks Ascension guided by the Masters.

Concordia: Unity, the theoretical LOth Sphere; also Ars
Concordiae, "the Art of Unity."
Conjunctio: Correspondence Sphere; also Ars
Conjunctionis, "the Art of Correspondence."
chantry.
Domus Magnu:

Covenan'

A House's ancestral Chantry
Enochian: Secret language of the Hermetics, derived from
the mystick language of Umbrood spirits.

Forces Sphere (preferred term, for it emphasizes
the idea of "essential" magickal force within the mage; see also
Vis); also Ars Essentiae, "the Art of Forces."

Fatum: Entropy Sphere; also Ars Fati, "the Art of En-
tropy."

Heka:
Shaea),

Magick (from

yptian} now used only by House

Instruments: Ritual tools (ice., foci).

Manes: Spirit
Hermeticism associates "spirit" with "soul of the de
Anima); also Ars Manium, "the Art of Spirit."

Massasa: Vampire(s).

Mater: Mentor (female)

Materia: Matter Sphere; also Ars Materiae, "the Art of
Matter."

Mens: Mind Sphere; also Ars Mentis, "the Art of Mind."

Mi'ahs: Jocular term for politics (Arabic, "quicksand").
When apprentices become mages, they "enter the mi'ahs."

phere (preferred term, because traditional

see also

Parma Magica: (Latin, "magic shield.") A specialty of the
Order of Hermes — a form of countermagick that aided in the
formation of the Order.

Pater: Mentor (male).

Praxis: Any system of magickal practice.

Sa: Political favor (literally, a magical fluid from Egyptian
theology):

Sancta: Apprivate
and study.

Tempus: Time Sphere; also Ars Temporis, "the Art of
Time."

Twilight: Quiet.

(weece) Prime Sphere; sometimes refers also to the
Forces Sphere (favored by House Flambeau because it empha-
sizes strength or physical force; see also Essentia); also Ars Vis,
"the Art of Prime."

‘anctum, used for retreats, experiments

Introduction 7

IDWS

Q

WZ



NW,

Foornove |:

Crronozosicat PRECIS

9. How is that, quoth I? Thus, replied he, understand it: That
which in thee seeth and heareth, the Word of the Lord, and the Mind
the Father, God, differ not one from the other; and the union of these

is Life

The Divine Pymander of Hermes, 11.9

Vvocarion

Hail, O seven Fates of Heaven! To thee I make this offering
that thou wilt open thy ears to me and hear these words

© noble and good virgins, O sacred ones and companions of
INIMIRROPHOR, O most holy guardians of the four pillars! Hail

IEES
S! to the
to the sev-

to the first, HREPSENTHAES:! to the second, MENESC
to the third, MECHRAN! to the fourth, ARAMACI
fifth, ECHOMMIE! to the sixth, TICHNONDA
enth, EROU ROMBRIES! Stay! Dwell in my soul! Do not abandon
me, for | command you! Send me a divine spirit, that it may fulfill all
that is in my heart and mind. Helios moi, kyrie!

PREAMBLE

Oldest of the nine allied Traditions, the
Order of Hermes has influenced the whole hu-
man experience of magick. The organization's
history is vast. In my recent apprenticeship at
two of the most powerful Chantries in the Tra-

ditions, Doissetep and Horizon, | found their
hallowed halls drenched, if I may so put it, with
history. Some of it helped my struggle — the
struggle shared by all apprentices — to enlarge
my perspective.

Yes, some of it helped, but certainly not all. Beyond doubt,
the erudition of the admirable Hornbook historian Master

Alonius has enriched our Order beyond description. But his
scholarly discipline, though a great virtue, may nonetheless
overwhelm a beginner. The new apprentice, already set the
seemingly indomitable task of understanding the inner self,
need not apprehend the whole range of our Hermetic heritage
on the instant

Hermetic practice is, above all, pragmatic. We do what we
do because it works. In that spirit of pragmatism, I offer the
beleaguered student this annotated synoptic timeline. The
conscientious apprentice will, of course, pursue study of Master
Alonius's comprehensive treatise at the appropriate time.

Footnote One: Chronological Precis 9

<<

SS Eli!

Ancient Becnnines:
2500 8CE— 150CE

Human magick is at least as old as spoken language, but an
identifiable Hermetic heritage begins with written language
and its study. Therefore, it begins in ancient Sumer and Assyria
and Babylon — and especially in Khemet, ancient Egypt, the
kingdom of the Nile founded some 5,000 years ago.

As with all the writing systems of antiquity, only an elect
elite, the Pharaonic priests, knew the secrets of Egyptian hiero-
glyphics. Each priest spent 10 years of childhood learning these
hieroglyphics. How magickal that understanding! The peasant
saw his priest stare at pictures and thereby learn the gods' will.
Can our literate age imagine how that seemed... supernatural?
By the same token, were that priest of Thebes cast forward to
today, tose a Sleeperstare at a bar graph and divine the world's
economy — would he not share the peasant's amazement?

Sleepers see in this a false lesson, that all "occult" practices
may be reduced, through understanding, to the mundane.
Magicians take precisely the opposite view and see the truth:
that the Art transforms and expands human consciousness.
That in skillful hands a magickal working, a Word, can shine
through humanity's darkness and guide them forever on the
Path. And the first great working, the wellspring of our Tradi-
tion, was writing

BCE ( Beroae tne Common Ean)

© Circa 2500: Djhowtey and his wife Sesheta active in
Phoenicia and Egypt. The New World Order has diligently
removed all historical records of these archmagi, who invented
the alphabet. They present Djhowtey as a mere deity, an icon
no more real than Santa Claus, and erase his partner altogether
But for a thousand years, since the pioneering retrocognitive
work (875 CE) of Fenicil, Primus bani Quaesitor, the Order of
Hermes has known the truth: Behind the Egyptian mask of
Thoth — god of learning, wisdom and magic, known to the
Greeks as Thrice-Great Hermes — stand two human magi

The natures of their lives and magick are unclear in many
respects. Soon after Awakening, Djhowtey evidently realized
that future Hermetics from Fenicil onward were chronopathically
viewing his every move. He learned to blur their perceptions,
and details about him remain mysterious. We know Djhowtey
was Phoenician, born in Tyre, and that he married Seshati and
developed the first alphabet in the city of Byblos. Traveling to
Egypt (where they must have changed their appearance to pass
among the notoriously xenophobic natives) they became shad-

owy advisors to pharaohs for five centuries.
The couple's role, if any, in the construction of the pyra-
mids remains controversial; we do know, however, that they

propounded their alphabet among Egyptian scribes, helped

Awaken several followers, and allied with the elusive cat-folk
called the Bubasti (ref: Bastet). Their secret personality cult,
with its mysterious initiation rites, exercised hidden influence


:

sloadg [edIdojOUOIYD :2UC) 210100

‘wipesed jexo13ew yed0] ay) suatpsuans

puke sworsn> ]eo0] sazipeaaag ‘4ajng yaad v 02 JOsLApe se J]aSLITY

SoYsH|qeas? a} Bap! [ey>ieu snauuayy ay Apoqwa sBurop
{avpuasia] siP{ "suersieur onauuapy jeruauNUOD Aq pauren
snfewypre an]ad ‘snrurpoyy Jo 1991 :hanqUaD YAXIg «

-agiy Jenaday]aqut s,eupuexayy
Jo durpep oy Seu tpeap Jap] "AueIq!] suozHOP] UE MoU
‘s]joaos atuos anasou siamoTJo} HHAWAP s,enedApY ‘Aaeaqy pue
aouapisas sy suung qour ‘preauayy "yareUIed ueNsuYD ay
squd_ Aq pay qow jesneuey Aq saperq [yswe]D yarn pay] up
-uexa]y Jo URINVWDYy IW IUeTT]LG pue sndeW astuorejdoay
juanboya ‘ened4py Jo wopsduewW pue yeag :STh «

{aqua 1x9 as {91 JO} 1YNs UDYO 10U Op OYA
asoy] "aULIDOp URNSHYS Yaa qUrodmara peys1sew say pua|q
pue 19Auo9 Ayenquaaa Seu onauuapy AueW ‘axdurg ay jo
sotnqua> Asay at Suunp Arruensuys 01 pasoddo y8noy y,
squawnasut
Jemu aaisuadxaur Suis suv Asenos dojaaap saBeur 3910} ‘sau
-oua) U

yieq [epueA, pue s1y105 uy ‘adosng sos" peards
aaey eu (SeUa}) DNDayy ‘YAasmoy ‘Mou Ag "spun jo
sooanos 1949} ‘s]]ads dnogs ase 01 a]qeHeAe 1eUL ama} — Avdap
sawoYy Jo WHDIA ‘spuegsip Aundsayy Jo 3IND :ZIP «

-Awaypye jo ssuru
-urBaq ap pur stoquunu jo uo] ayp aunds pue ainzeu U29m29q
sarpedwids uappry aya ‘Adojoayp ‘Adojouse uo punodxa s]jor9s
ayp ‘Aydosopryd sreaqapy pur uernseoi0z ‘nsouD 49919 ‘URN
-dA3q Uo Sutmesc] *(souna}{W9ID-91Y | ) smasiBowsH | SUD}
01 painqune age ‘spuey asiaatp Aq uo ‘sandoyerp 21u0Ie|g

asay_L "pasodwos aye ‘uonper] 4no 40} siseq ayy Wao} IVyD
uAded 7 | ‘wnonauuapy snduod aya ‘uesueanpayy ayy punore
udYMas|a pUE ‘[avas] "LLPULXd]Y ‘PWOY U] :OOb-007 "2.6
‘snug PIA Ore] g PUR seIOZeYyIAg WOY soatop "sapPAg ano pue
sauna} Jo sasno}] oyp Aq parpoquia 4928] se }Yo13ewW UT UORIpeD
wiaisay\ ay, "BUNyUN 2neua}] UO a2UaNyUT snopuswan
sawmoraq Yoryar "wstuore]|g-OaN Spunodosd snunoyg "yg
uenddsg jo sndvu uewoy ‘snunoyd JO YI] 70L7-b07
*(SSY Uapjon ey) ) sesoydiow
"BIW PanLUeU [eolYydesdorgoane ay JO OYANE pue (21ND sisy)
sndew uvrurseyuer ‘sngayndy sion] jo ar] :OZT-bZ1
sixead
Jaye] saouanyut dey aNd Aayeuosied ev spunoj pure "115 ueWoY
Bunod v sqounsas ‘snsaydg av ended v eayop ‘eipuy ul pue
snsuv |. 1e sorpmas ay ‘Mase UEAIOSeyAG-oaN Y "UP]eay pue
sndew yaag ‘vued] Josntuorjody jo (g6 a3e) yaLac
"tpeap sty 02 [Jey WEY sayeU yoIBeuarUN0D
Haya (Aq 9G) o1aN ssadwy or wnsog ULWOY UT J2M0I
yry woy wysty sidwane uowrg vaya ‘fneg pue saiag syousdut

uensuyS jo Awua ayy insur souLnsop esnasay Sty *S}91]9q
sHaWAd}] UI PeAUANYUT "wsISNsOUD ULNSUYD-IWod Jo 9puno}
ueaa] oyp pue ad43q ‘eudg ut Jay1oM-rapuom dI1URISsayy
*(a99s snayatsog) 3nd uenpoy y uendAsq jo aaenrur ueOduT
sv] ‘uRLIetURG ‘snBeyy YOUNIS Jo s9aTe

:Aanguad ISa1y «

"uvroieyy ayp snsaf Jo 199185 :9€-R7 "9 &

(uy Nourwo}) 3)

PEG ||

-psox gns sayeiado Ayyer9uad 3]Nd "sayy aatsuadxa AUeUL

Buisn sdnoa3 a8ue] ur (yoreiua|g snBeur Aq payrpo>) s}jads ase>
IBeyy "IYBtoy sa ae Aundayy JO IND ULWOY 2OGT BID «

"uonped |

dnaWUD}Y [ed1sse]> ay Or sped] ‘sjarfaq IsHTeqqed pue 2ns0UD

sueisi9g Woy stuns AeINqUA YAM Suope "uoIsny sIY J *s9aNg]Nd

uendAdg pue yap Jo uoIsny v saieMtUt JopueXayy sadaayg
aya {(stuapmas SNaULA} |]e 01 UOssa] k) AWN IeYA 02 asja eUOAUE.
uetp ajdoad aroui uo JIM sty sasodut ay asnedaq ,avarD ay,
payed 2dA8g sionbuo> eruopaseyy Jo J9pueXa]y :ZEE
"No aIp soneUsnoIy
‘Awapesy s,01e]g 02 areadiw Aypenqusaa spesnewayEy
dYp jo sop "isn pue ALOAaYA aquINU o1 paioAap ‘uONInf
ONDWOYDYY ayp puL ‘arseyy Naya jo sBurdes ayp pue sai o7
paroaap ‘sonpusnoay ayp :suondey Oma OUT Ids suLaLOBeyAG
yp ‘saip sesoseyx4g Joye Aunquad Wy 200b BID
"snpusec) 10 Axa pafed st SoULIOPY azoya ‘sarMiUaD
dare] Ul aWOY 01 speauds 11ND IBaULIa}Y PYZ "(2919eId) sixDAd
[expISeuTyPoI_H uo aouanyut snopuauran waxa ssunuM s,o1|q
‘suayemy qoaou Apuaredde ay ysnoyy "arent ue Ajqeqoud
St Oe] pue ‘sep! sa YAM FeNTUIE) o1e suRIUayDY pareonpa
JoIPO sour puw so1wsd0g ‘sud Ul AYsIaY su ae sow}
JO 1]ND YOHIH "SOG Sty Ul saIp se1oSeyAAg 200 PID «
"Awouonse pur s1snui oayp
Joquinu ‘wsisAskur Ia2se 01 paioaap ‘sauty ueNddsy Suoye
qno Anjeuosied yax9as UMO, sIy sUIsaq puke (A]RI] UIAYINOS)
u01019) 01 DRY SPAP! URTPOY] saTIe> seioBeypAg 267S
"aunuoy
poo pue ures jo so3uLag ‘saepunog jo s9sso019 ‘aptiaye ay)
(07 HODsd ‘s19]9.A8. Jo 10yaIOId "BDuANbo]a pue UONLoTUNWWOS
JO pos ‘sowsopy 02 paroaap sano wos asuodsa asas
AMOS AY? SPA19IaI 9} *saTeIS-AIID ]]e UL UOUTOD s]]Nd AraysKUL
ay2 Suowe seapr sty Sutpeaids ‘siaymasja pue saqay ‘sua
PY 01 skausnof sesoseypAg ‘92921 01 FurUINIDY 2GhS ©
-auypap ur au dey Aq. QyND UeTyIOY |,
awooag pue 1d43q 02 sjanea ‘uenewaYyreU

ayn ur areniur ue
pue sndewr pouayemy ue ‘soureg jo seiofeyskg 095

aay ayp jo aonoeid

uerpoy ] Uo aauanyur Surzruayap{ soleus asin -adABq UF aos

sdoon s1uayjap{ aseyp {] snomyrauuesg yorreyg pre or adAsq
0} saHBUaIIAW YAH Spuas SABAD Bury ueIpA] 1999 &
"Avpor 19pAG ANO aasas [98 wYD
suuids Auew ayp purg Aaxp se ‘souay{ Jo sasno}{ ayp 20) spenuewt
{aeunid ayp auoraq suorsi9a ,paspuqeun, aya ‘ay onphy
ySyH aya Bung ‘suonspa UMOp-pazoiem JeI9AVs UL aAtAuns
(skayy 4assa7] pur samargy ay) Om Y>IYA Jo ‘sxOog JeyPITeU
daria 91014) "JoNUOD puke UoNeuNfuoDd ards Jo JaiseUL wa ISI
pAS] JO SULY ‘UOWO]OS sNIVUIYDIe JO.492LD 2G6 BID)
"aySiay su ae apnd uerpoyy uendAsy 29007 BID «
"yroy_| pos papeay-siqi aup ‘sedaamoylq

payiap suend4sq ‘aoueeaddesip nay ayy (eruojdqeg
ur auasaid sa2e] s,4azmoylq areaiput soouazajay Ay>rays autos)
"Poyuouaury yorseyg Aaseud-42Z] Jo yaeap atp uodn ‘45g
OL61 Jaye prodad ay Woy YstueA Aaup ‘sMouy dUO OU ‘papuad
"Sy JO paip euryoze asaya s9yIay/K\ "Pamoyjo} Ie s1ap10
{uewi 10) uonendsut pue Jspour aya auTeDaq pu saLMUA? 10}


Y,

Pry HERmericn

After the invention of writing, the second
key step in magickal history was the develop-
ment of a united continental community of
magi. In the East, this task fell to the Akashic
Brotherhood, Wu-Keng, Wu Lung and some
lesser schools of thought. In the West, credit for
organizing willworkers falls entirely to the Order
of Hermes, the first official Tradition and shaper
of all the rest.

Founpine oF THE Houses:
73) —836CE

© 731: The "precipice experience" of Trianoma, Mercu-
ric/Gnostic mage of Westphalia. Standing atop Brienzer Rothom
in the Bernese Allps, Trisoma foresees collapse of the Her-
metic way. To forestall this fate, she wanders Europe seeking
other mages and eventually meets Bonisagus. He is talented at
magickal theory, she at politics. Aided by Bonisagus's parma
magica shield, the two spend decades enlisting powerful Euro-
and reconeiling their differing praxes within a single

pean me

doctrine.

* 767, Midwinter Night: Twelve founding magi adopt
Code of Hermes at the small Frankish settlement of Durenmar
(now Duren, in the German state North Rhine-Westphalia)
During the Mythic Age, these founders were called Primi, "the
first." In modern usage, "Primi" describes the successor magi
who would found the Traditions in the 1400s; for clarity, the
original Hermetic founders of our own Houses are now simply

called "the Founders."

© 772: Responding to several ambushes and murder at-
tempts among the 12 fractious Houses, Tremere and Bonisagus
invent the magical dueling ritual of certémen. Great Tribunal
(810) officially adopts certimen to resolve disputes.

© 814-816: Pralix of House Tytalus forms "the Order of
Miscellany," admitted to the Houses in 817 as House Ex
Miscellanea.

* 848: Tremere, youngest and weakest of the Hermetic
founders, attempts a takeover of the Houses, butis prevented by
acollection of mysterious, independent magi. A warning to the
other Houses goes unheeded.

© 876: Houses occupy Doissetep Covenant. Founded in
prehistoric times by sorcerer-king Kwa Hu in Lan Na Thai, the
Million Thai Ricefields (now northern Thailand), Doissetep
fell to unknown Nephandus necromancer (781 CE), who
transported it whole to Nemrut Dagi, an extinct volcano in
stern Turkey. Hermetic Houses Bonisagus, Flambeau,
Quaesitorand Tytalus destroy Nephandusand occupy Doissetep;
later (891), they relocate entire complex to Spanish Pyrenees
north of Gerona.

In the next four centuries, Doissetep rises to supremacy as
exemplar ofall Hermetic virtue:
influence, composure and the urge toward spiritual perfection.
Under its leadership, the Houses of Hermes create a feudal

: erudition, discipline, wisdom,

12 Order of Hermes

social system that brings genuine, lasting order to all Europe.
Apprentices should always keep this ideal "Springtime"
Doissetep in mind, and reflect on its glories. Doissetep's current
role in magickal society offers further lessons, which are left as
an exercise to the pupil.

Tre Lave Myrnie Age

© 1003-1012: The Schism War, ideological conflictamong
Houses. Widespread violence culminates when Houses Tremere
and Flambeau, with the sanction of Quaesitor, destroy druidic
magi of House Diedne. Diedne leaders escape, possibly with fae
help, but are not seen again. (Speculations still abound regard-
ing House Diedne's influence on the later Verbena Tradition.)
In the late 1990s, rumored sightings of some Diedne leaders
occur in Great Britain; these have not been confirme

© 1022: Tremere kills and experiments on an ancient
Tzimisce vampire; develops potion that turns himself and seven
followers into undead monsters. Losing their Art, they develop
"Thaumaturgy," a bastard form of hedge magic, and successfully
conceal their cursed nature for over 150 years (see year 1199)
Soon they begin preying on peasants, fellow vampires and
House magi alike. (ref: Tzimisce, Tremere, Camarilla.)

© 1067: Mistridge Covenant founded.

* 1095-1192: The Crusades. A fervor sweeps Europe to
wrest Christian Holy Lands from Muslim influence. Caught up
in the furor, some Hermetic magi secretly accompany Crusader
regiments to Middle East. Magi bring back many Arabic trea-
tises onalchemy, mathematics, and other arcane subjects; these
are translations and amplifications of lost Greco-Roman scrolls.
This new lore strengthens and invigorates the Houses.

© 1188: Hermetic magus Lorenzo Golo, prince of Flo-
rence, discovers lost Arabic manuscript Kitab al Alacir. Enthralled
by it, Golo anda Templar, Simon de Laurent, form a magickal
society, the Natural Philosophers' Guild; this in turn eventually
forms the core of the Electrodyne Engineers Convention of the
Technocracy, which still later becomes the Sons of Ether
Tradition. Many of the Nine Traditions owe much to similar
work by Hermetic scholars.

* Late 1100s on: Sleeper scholars band together to form
studia generalia, the precursors of universities. Over the next
centuries, Hermetic magi support many universities and find

them to be convenient sources of apprentices. Growth of
academic culture within the Houses, particularly Bonisagus.
1190: House Bonisagus establishes Fors Collegis Mercuris, a
secret magickal college, outside Genoa.

Tre Massasa Wra ann THE Posrom

* 1199: A Hermetic Tribunal in Transylvania uncovers
evidence of Tremere's vampirism. The news spreads slowly, but
upon formal acknowledgment at Doissetep (1201), the other
Houses try Tremere and his house in absentia and pronounce the
punishments of Censure, Interdiction and Requital. However,
warned by sympathizers within the Order, Tremere and his


followers vanish from their Covenants before justice can be
served. Thus begins a war which lasts openly for over a century
and still continues in a muted form today: the ver
Order against the renegade House Tremere.

eance of the

Today, descendants of House Tremere form what may be
the principal group of vampires (see Footnote 4); whether
Tremere himself still exists is unknown. The Order of Hermes
views all vampires as menaces to be expunged, but it reserves
particular odium for the Tremere, whose banal power lust
caused them to turn against humanity and the quest for Ascen
sion.

: Hermetic apprentices must resist any temptation
toward vampiric "immortality," for the curse is known to shred
a mage's Avatar beyond recovery, rendering True Magick
impossible.

© 1210, Winte

nalist" renegades from House Ex Miscellanea, lead a peasant

The Craftmasons, a small band of "ratio-

mob and mercenaries with cannons (early technomagickal
Talismans) in siege and assault on Mistridge. Betrayed from

within, the Covenant falls and is destroyed

© Late 1200s: Christian Inquisition in Italy and southern
ance, having persecuted and destroyed Cathari and Waldenses
ards, witches and all

F

he

etics, now expands its scope to "w

consorts of Satan and his demons." Over the next four centu-
ries, many minor Hermetic magi fall to the Inquisition's Christian
mysticks, raising tension between the two camps that continues
today

© 1325, March 25: Convention of the White Tower in
Normandy. Craftmasons and several other disgruntled cabals,
mostly former Hermetics, formally unite with Chinese, Greek
and Arabian allies to create the Order of Reason. Their convo
cation site adds insult to injury: the tower of Hermetic magus
anitized." Presum:

Yoasmy, bani Ex Miscellanea, is seized and
zi later claim she
Lady of Feathers.

ably, they kill Yoasmy, though some ma

"survives" as the Umbrood Preceptor Aelid
© 1330: Nascent Order of Reason, in its first major
working, begins to take covert control of European universitie

March 21: Purging and "accidental" death of Hermetic mage
Andreas Litolff, bani Bonisagus, instructor at University of
Paris. Reason magi try to stop Andreas''s lecture "Inquiries Into
the Distinctness of Natural Philosophy and Divine Wisdom";
Andreas attempts protective magick before an audience of
students, but his spell fails and he enters Twilight, then dies a
week later. Persecutions, revolts, plagues and outright battles
follow with increasing frequency throughout the next 100
years

© 1348-50: Black Plague, a bubonic plague epidemic of
unknown origin, kills a third of Europe's population. Many
Hermetic magi survive, but the calamity devastates the Houses'
support structure and sours Sleeper attitudes toward ma

© 1393: Birth of Baldric LaSalle, somewhere in France.

Although his early career is unimpressive, LaSalle eventually

attains Mastery. His achievements earn him fame (and infamy)
in later years.

* 140.
(birth name unrecorded); later Deacon Primus of Doissetep and
supreme Tradition mage.

Porthos Fitz-Empress born in Breslau, Germany

Footnote One: Chronological Precis

13


* 1429: Disciple Gilles de Rais, Hermes bani Ex Miscel-
lanea, happens upon a newly Awakened Orphan country girl in
Domremy, Lorraine (kingdom of France). Without authoriza-
tion from his Covenant, Gilles becomes her patron and promoter;
the girl, Joan of Arc, leads French armies to victory before the
Church burns her as a witch in 1431. Gilles, despairing, turns
Nephandus and embarks upon a revolting
his former Hermetic companions arrange his arrest and execu-
tion (1440)

© 1440: First Mistridge Tribunal. It convenes in the ruins
of Mistridge Covenant, after several earlier unsuccessful at-
a conference about the

areer of atrocities;

tempts by non-rationalist magi to c:
reality crisis. Hermetic Master Baldric LaSalle meets with two
non-Hermetic magi (Lady Nightshade, founder of the Verbena,
and Christian mystick Valoran) together with acolytes. With
Trianoma's example in mind, Master Baldric proposes a quest
across the world to gather the Awakened of every land and unite
against the common enemy.

© 1440-57
recruiting willworkers of all disciplines and practices. Interest

The mages travel the world, finding and

ingly, many previously unregarded Hermetics (notably Master
Louis DuMonte, bani Quaesitor) rise to prominence now and,
though first suspected of instability or even Twilight, assume
leadership positions in the later Convocation.

* 1448: While Doissetep's leaders are locked in internal
power struggles, the Order of Reason destroys Covenant's
Earthly aspect. This marks one of their first major victories.
Relocated to the Shade Realm of Forces, Doissetep Hermetics
pledge attendance at a new Tribunal.

© 1449: Second Mistridge Tribunal. Mages from across
the world agree in principle to unite against the rationalist
paradigm. Craftmasons attack the Tribunal, but in vain; the
contest only strengthens the magi's resolve to discuss union.
They agree to seek a stronghold beyond the Horizon.

© 1450: Fors Collegis Mercuris relocated to Horizon
Realm of Mus, hidden moon of Mercury

* 1453-6: Doissetep, wary of security risks, refuses to host
conference of magi. Construction of Horizon, ecumenical sister
Chantry to Doissetep, in preparation for Grand Convocation
Generous Hermetic donations of needed Quintessence far
exceed those of any other magickal faction

The Gaano Convocation ano Fiast Capa
1457-70CE

(follow the custom of many Order historians by using the terms
"magus" and "magi" for periods before the Grand Convocation, and
"mage" and "mages" during and after the Convocation, in recogni-
tion of its watershed importance .)

* 1457-66: Convocation requires nine years, primarily
due to extreme difficulty of developing a magickal paradigm
that unites hundreds of disparate praxes. Some 29 separate
models and innumerable variants are proposed; one, quickly
rejected, postulates 324 Spheres! The eventual model, the nine
Spheres of current use, is a workable compromise created by a

large team of Hermetic theorists led by Master Baldric, with
contributions from the newly recognized Master Porthos (1464).


The Masters assume that the Spheres will provide the
other Traditions with paths of study toward the ultimate goal of
initiation as Houses in the Order of Hermes. To theit astonish-
ment, other Traditions reject the Order's authority; most
Traditions develop similar plans to assimilate the others. Mas-
ter Louis DuMonte proposes (1465) thateach Tradition appoint
champions in contests for authority over each Sphere, but this
provokes bitter argument. Eventually (1466) Master Baldric
offers another compromise, whereby each Tradition lays claim
toauthority within one Sphere. Unfortunately, this leaves only
one Sphere, Forces, to be shared by the Houses of Hermes; for
administrative purposes they agree to formal consolidation as a
single Order. 1466, Summer Solstice: Resolutions & Protocols
passed; appointment of First Cabal.

© 1466-70: First Cababtravels across Europe, Asia, Africa
and elsewhere, figheifig the Order 6fReason and winningthe

hearts of Sleepers. However, the Cabal suffers from growing
internal dissension.

© 1470: Heylel Teomim, bani Solificati (alchemists),
hoping to create a crisis that will unite the Traditions, betrays
the First Cabal to the Ordet of Reason. Heylel completely
mistakes the enemy's methods; in the ambush, four Tradition
mages are killed, including Master DuMonte; three others
imprisoned; one escapes, brings Horizon mages to free them.
Heylel captured, christened Thoabath (Abomination) and de-
stroyed in body and Avatar; last testament, pleading for unity,
goes unheeded. For details, refer to Master Porthos's compila-
tion The Fragile Path (1995).

© 1471: Solificati disband; many find shelter with the
Order of Hermes. Throughout history, our Order has consis-
tently protected mages of all beliefs from death or corruption,
studied their bélief'systems and incorporated their strengths
iro our ecleétic and ever-growing praxis.

Tre Dwiwnrne

The so-called Renaissance and Enlighten-
ment represent a continuous fossilization of
reality. The rationalist paradigm became ene
trenched with the rise ofa doctrinaire scientific

fl establishment, and with the deistic notion ofan

iA impersonal "divine watehmaker" — a presumed
Creator who prontulgated the universe and then
left it to run unsupervised.

In this era, the Order of Hermes made many
valiant attempts to resurrect the age of wonder;

sadly, the enemy foiled many ofthem. These troubled centuries,
however, have brought wisdom: the clear understanding that
the Technocracy, and no other, is our supreme adversary.

© 1482: Council Master Paracelsus strengthens extant
universities and founds new ones across Europe, hoping to
combat Order of Reason. Howe' from the 1500s on, the
enemy subverts them all. Doissetep blames Horizon for this.
There follows a long cooling of relations between Doissetepand
the other Traditions.

# 1509-35: Career of Johannes Faust, wonder-workerand
minor mage. After graduating (barely) as a Disciple of House
Tytalus, Faust travels widely, boasts of great power and im-
presses many local rulers who seek the Philosopher's Stone that
will curn lead to gold. Faust never achieves much skill and
eventually resorts to diabolism, at which he fails calamitously
and perishes. The Order promptly censures Faust and appoints
acommittee to search the Deep Umbra, retrieve and restore his
tainted Avatar. (As yet, no results have been reported.) The
enemy turns lurid accounts of Faust's downfall to its own
purposes, poisoning Sleeper attitudes still further.

* 1527-1608: Life of Hermetic Master John Dee, bani

gus, advisor to Elizabeth I. Starts England's spy service,

Bonisa
foretells British Empire (and invents the term), revives English
interest in mathematics, sets time and space anchor points at

Greenwich and establishes his friend Mercator's map projec-
tion as the world standard. Dealing with powerful Umbrood
Lords, Dee codifies the secret Enochian language (discovered

by Hypatia of Alexandria) with assistance of consor Edward
Kelley, known forhis oracular "shewstones." Dee tries valiantly
to adapt the Order of Reason's ideas to Tradition purposes, but
ultimately only strengthens the enemy.

© 1645, June 14: "The Fall." Battle of Naseby, England;
victory for Oliver Cromwell's Puritan "Ironsides" (Order of
Reason puppets) over Cavalier forces of@harles 1. Charles,
desperate; secretly hires»many Hermetic Adepts and a few
Masters to support his forces. Due to poor communication and
bad planning, mages find no time to prepare for battle, are
caught in the openyand resort to whatawe now call vulgar
magick before hordes of Ironside witnesses. The mages' Effects
fail disastrously, and Paradox consumes them all. Two Her-
Houses destroyed; remnants subsumed into Ex

metic
Miscellanea. From this time on, Paradox becomes a permanent
feature of magickal life.

© 1645-1800s: While Doissetep is preoccupied with
internal intrigues, most Hermetic mages retreat to sanctuaries
in this world or beyond. They search for underlying principles
of mass Sleeper psychology, Paradox and the paradigm shift to
rationalism.

© Circa 1750-84: Career of impostor adventurer "Count
Saint-Germain" in many European courts. Painter, musician,
polyglot and charmer; he claims to possess great age, an ability
to correct flawed jewels, and a secret dyeing and tanning
processes. This fraudulent Sleeper, with his conjurer's tricks,
plays no role in the history of True Magick, but demonstrates
the depth to which magickal practice has degenerated

© 1770-89: Career of Alessandro Cagliostro (Giuseppe
Balsamo), Sicilian adventurer. Awakens 1770; recruited into
the Hermetic Covenant at Palermo; sole survivor after
Covenant's destruction by Order of Reason (1771). Travels
Europe selling fake elixirs; spends nine months in Bastille
prison (1785-6) after implication in Affair of the Diamond
Necklace. Banished, Cagliostro writes Open Letter to the French
People, an account of Bastille conditions instrumental in pro-
voking French Revolution. Starts Egyptian Rite school of

Footnote One: Chronological Precis 15

BN

masonry; opens many lodges in his extensive travels,
by Catholic Inquisition and imprisoned for life. Though not
entirely successful in promoting magickal ideas, Cagliostes
becomes a posthumous hero of the French people and an
interesting case study for apprentices

Moveay Reyivar

In the last two centuries, the Order of Hermes
new tack: introducing minor secrets of the Art to t
through Sleeper societies such as the
Golden Dawn. For older Maste
produced an odd sense of paradox
forbidden Book of the
were once burned

Taken

has tried a
he masses
Freemasons and the
» the success of this tactic has
- For instance, owners of the
Sacred Magic of Abramelin the Mage (1458)
as heretics; now it is a Dover pa
* 1810-75: Life of Eliphas Levi,
Introduces Qabbalistic practice:
cult study of Tarot cards:
table-tapping,
classes.

* 1870s: Hermetic Brotherhood of Luxor: Max Theon
(English, 1847-1927), Grand Master of the Exterior Circle,
starts mail-order business in magick
occultism"). His partner Paschal Beve
mulatto, 1825-1875), friend of Abrah
society, The Brotherhood of Eulis.
interest in magick following Americ

* 1866, 1877:

Rosicrucians

aperback.

Sleeper occultist.
s to non-Jews; popularizes oc.
makes occultism (seances,

spiritualism, mediums) fashionable among upper

al teachings ("‘practica
rly Randolph (American
am Lincoln, startsa secret
Both inspire tremendous
an Civil War.

Respective foundings (by Sleepers) of
and Hermetic Order of the Golden D,

Order of Hermes

awn, two

16

mortal societies influential in the
magickal thinking.

* 1875-1947: Life of Aleister Crowley, talented but
misguided mage. Out of rebel

lion against his strict Christian
upbringing, Crowley chooses the Word of Excess; pursues
career mingling Hermetic

Sleepers and Awakened along the way. Between 1904 ani
1921, Crowley Falls to Nephandic P.
killed in 1947 by NWO

* 1890s:

revival and propagation of

along
Arts with Ecstatic ways, influenc ing

‘ath. Rumors insist he was
agents, but nothing is proven
Order of Reason becomes Technocratic L

Jnion,
or Technocracy.

1922: Abl-i-Batin desert the Council of Nine, protest:
ing Traditions' apathy to European realpolitik in

Arabian
and shelters the lost
assimilates some into Ex
asters vanish.

homelands. Order of Hermes rescues
Tradition's Adepts and Disciples;
Miscellanea. AhL-i-Batin M

* 1933: Debate among Hermeticschol
and probability magick leads to creation
Order's newest House,

arson arithmosophy
and acceptance of the

‘ortunae.

* 1939-45: Rise of Nephandic influence in World War II.
Technocracy initiates temporary alliance with Order of Hermes
and other Traditions. Huge joint ritual outside Berlin, led by
Masters Callistro, bani Tytalus and Creon the Sane, bani
Bonisagus, banishes or destroys Nephandi archmages (1944),

Alliance ceases at war's end.

* 1950s on: Sleeper culture cre:
alternative religions, Pseudo-magick:
ies. These movements

‘ates or popularizes many

al cults and secret societ-
(triggered by the Order's subtle influence)


have produced few authentic Awakenings and many Sleeper
charlatans, but they highlight the spiritual emptiness of Tech-
nocratic society. Many Sleepers begin to reconsider the pervasive
dogma of unsustainable "Progress."

PRESENT AND FUTURE

The outlook for our Tradition remains challenging. Poli-
tics sometimes leads the Order to present its less attractive
aspects to our fellow willworkers, and we are only now resolving
(painfully) internal conflicts of long standing. The recent
Technocratic assault on the College on Mus (followed by the
Chantry's unexpected loss to the Nephandi) emphasizes the

growing threat from outside.

In the world at large, educational systems have declined,
reducing the number of good apprentices. Most Sleepers in
industrial nations share the magician's overwhelming urge
toward power, but lack the idea of Ascension to Divinity — the
idea that we must cultivate ourselves, not only temporally and
financially, but in all ways. Still, the Order has resolved to
retake Mus by any mi
Traditions and, early in the new millennium, to carry the battle

ans necessary, to fight beside our fellow

to our enemy.

the
messenger of the gods, he is the ideal symbol of the Internet. As

For the god of this age is Hermes. "Fast as death,"

IN

the prototype of angels (Greek angelos, "messenger"), Hermes is
doing very well as the American cult of angels grows. Go to any
flea-market in America and see the lucky candles for sale.
Sleepers light them in hopes of winning the lottery. In mythic
terms, this makes perfect sense: The Greek term for "windfall"
is hermaion, from the offerings left at Hermes' shrines by the

crossroad.

Wanting divine messages and wanting lottery windfalls

are, at heart, the same want. This desire can only increase as the
Technocracy continues its stratification of society. People fear
the gap between rich and poor as muchas they instinctively fear
the gap between god and mortal.

Brave spirits always seek to cross these gaps. For them,

Hermes isa guide, a pompos. In the Iliad, Hermes made the aged
Priam invisible, then guided him through the Greek camp to
sue for the body of his son, Hector. In the same way, Awakened
and Sleepers alike wish to move unseen in the hostile territories
of our age. We take to the Internet so as to bypass bureaucracy,
secretaries and receptionists, sending our notes directly to the
chief; we all have ways of moving unseen. To use them, we
require a pompos with wisdom, learning, eloquence and com

munication. The Order of Hermes offers the guidance that our

world vitally needs. Therefore, remember: Seek the mysteries!

Footnote One:

Chronological Precis

Ni

LSS Z



Foornore 2°

Convuncriones Domesricne

What is below is like that which is above and what is above is like
that which is below. They work to accomplish the wonders of the One

Thing

Second Precept of Hermes Tresmegistus

If you have come to this footnote from the
beginning of Master Divraniya's excellent dis.
course on the Order's inner workings, I envy

lambeau

the great pleasure awaiting you. The F
Master's thoroughness and meticulous docu-
mentation stand as shining examples for every
apprentice. Yet | remember (from my own
recent apprenticeship) how I reacted to this
section, before | found sufficient free time to
appreciate Master Divraniya's approach: All
those committees! Alll those bylaws! Help!

Newcomers who share that reaction may wish to peruse

this highly condensed summary. | must stress that these notes

discuss only those praxes and customs pertaining to the Order
as a whole. Master Divraniya excellently describes the varia-
tions in teaching methods, initiations and other such matters
that prevail among the House:

Outside observers sometimes consider the Order of Hermes
oblique, competitive, and at times, even petty in its dealings. Yet
we focus on a threefold good: that of the Order as a whole, that of
the Traditions and that of humanity. Our survival against over-
whelming Technocratic opposition comes from the essential good
will we bear toward one another and to the Sleepers under our care.
I hope these notes may further promote the growth of this gener-
osity among our new generation of apprentices.

Footnote Two: Conjuntiones Domesticae 19


Gir 2 || Pe aE
The LIFE OF THE APPRENTICE

Initiation essentially aims t0 go beyond the
possibilities of the individual human state, to make
possible the transition to higher states and finally to
lead the individual beyond any limitations whatso:

ever

Rene Guenon, Apercus sur l'Initiation
(Glimpses of Initiation)

Our Order vigorously seeks and recruits

apprentices, just as it recruited you. Your train-

ing will prepare you to t
footsoldier in the Ascension War, but a potential general

ecome, not a mere

leading an army of Sleepers.

Our Tradition's control of the Ars Essentiae, raw power at
its most dangerous levels, requires us to reach deeply into the
very wellsprings of Quintessential energy. Shaping and control-
ling the Sphere of Forces demands both a subtle mind and
even decades —

exacting knowledge; both come from years
of diligent scholarship. Thus we take great care in choosing and
training students, lest we create a scholar with no will to go
beyond theoretical study — or worse, an uncontrolled, careless

child who wields cataclysmic power

FWARENING

Very few mortal:
potential to become mages. Those with a magickal affinity for
our Order typically Awaken gradually. Often, these chosen
evince some ability that sets them apart —a gift for mathemat-
ics or languages, pethaps, or a general love of learning. Most of
ally latent individuals feel isolated and "different"

perhaps one in five million, have the

these magic
from their peers. Atsome time, usually between puberty and the

late 20s, they reach a crisis that catalyzes their Awakening into

a larger world

Awakening is never as simple as the mere opening of an
innereye. Some who Awaken without guidance fall to madness,
unable to grasp a firm point within their ever-shifting realities.

Others become dangers to themselves or others, and may
immolate themselves in the first glorious moment of epiphany.
Therefore, our Order tries to recognize latent magickal poten-
tial, and our mentors carefully husband the novice's Awakening.

RECRUITMENT

Not surprisingly, most Hermetic candidates come from
scholastic backgrounds. Given our supremacy in areas of
academia — as professors, curators, acquisitions specialists and
librarians — this is not surprising. Our Order (particularly
mages of House Fortunae and members of the Personnel com-

mittee) secretly monitors potential recruits, sometimes for a
decade, looking for demonstrations of mental acuity, inquisi-
tive nature, respect for knowledge, strength of will and innate
discretion.

During this time, the subject undergoes surreptitious tests.
The recruiter may expose her to radical ideas on the nature of
reality, give her the chance to cheat in her studies, or even
ome tests assess the

invite her to joina harmless occult society. $

20 Order of Hermes


student's ability to absorb new concepts, but the most impor-
tant ones examine her character and trustworthiness.

The screening usually proceeds methodically; unstable or
untrustworthy apprentices present a grave danger to the Order.
However, some recruits Awaken spontaneously or attract the
attention of the enemy; in such exceptional cases, the recruiter
may bring his student to a neutral "safe house" (never a Cov-
enant!) until she calms. If the Awakened student is obviously
unsuited to the Order, the recruiter may deliver her to represen-
tatives of a more appropriate Tradition. If the student presents
real danger to herself or to the Order, the recruiter may instead
take extreme and permanent action. If the recruit is suitable for
apprenticeship — well, you yourself know the rest.

Fast Apprentice Decree ( Neopnste)

New students customarily spend one to three arduous years
ata College Covenant. For many centuries, the Order's primary
College was the Fors Collegis Mercuris on Mercury's hidden
moon, Mus. Since the fall of Mus in 1996, most Neophytes have
gone to temporary Colleges in three Earthly locations; for
security reasons, these locations remain secret. Proposals to
develop a permanent College at Horizon remain controversial
at best.

Atthe College
tary mental disciplines, philosophy and several languages —
usually Ancient Greek, Latin, Arabic, English, French and
German. They receive limited exposure to our Tradition's
magickal language, Enochian; further instruction continues
after their formal initiation into the Order. Actual magickal
instruction is limited to goetia, minor rotes that use precise
rituals and many ritual instruments.

Neophytes learn self-awareness, rudimen-

After graduation, a student is ready to apprentice with a
pater, a Master or Adept. ("Pater" is actually an informal term.
Luse it to avoid confusion between the technical term "master"
| rank of Master. An apprentice's
need not be a fecogniz

and the formal magic
master, with a
capitalized Master.)

lower-case "m,

Some Neophytes never attend a College Covenant, but
become apprentices straight away. Such an apprentices toils for
her pater during one to four years of private study in his
sanctum. The pater decides how best to educate his apprentice
in the Art, but the instruction always makes extremely high

demands of the student. Many apprentices despair of learning

all those languages, symbols and esoteric arts — let alone the
magick that requires them.

Inundated with drudgework, the apprentices labors in her
master's labs, assists with experiments and copies endless tomes.

The master usually appears unreasonable, terrifying, even cruel
to his apprentices, but a candidate who cannot bear insults or
handle surprises has no future as a mage. Rooted out at this early
stage, such insecure pupils usually become consors to their pater
or hirelings in a Covenant.

Many Neophytes chafe under all the restrictions and
. They

desire a more egalitarian "friendship" between student and

wonder why they have so little voice in their trainin;

teacher. I sympathize — my own instruction was none too
easy! — yet feel compelled to quote Master Divraniya's famous
rejoinder:

Should the servant command his master, who surely knows his
business better than one he has newly hired? Shall the apprentice
teach his mentor, though such a scholar be revered by the wise or
schooled through hundreds of years of experience? Then let us place
the harness upon the farmer, and hand the reins to the horse!

In short, leave the driving to adults. Your own turn will
come soon enough!

Secono Apprentice Decree ( Zeraron)

Atsome point,

ch successful Neophyte comprehends that
the goetic formulae she studies — all the ancient, numbingly
complex minutiae in a dozen languages — are, in themselves,
useless. These elements are not magickal themselves, but form a
framework that guides the student's own magickal will. The
manifestation of thatwill (which is unique to each student) marks
the achievement of the Second Apprentice Degree.

Taken to her master's Covenant, the Zelator continues her
physical labor and extended study. Now, though, she begins to
apply the theories she has learned: If the Covenant exists in a
Horizon Realm, so much the better; the risk of accidental
Paradox is much less than it would be on Earth. This "safety net"
has it's own problems, however. Without it, the Neophyte must
learn to work carefully and subtlety. For this reason, some
mentors refuse to bring an apprentice into such a Realm until
her first year is finished.

Now the apprentice learns the political side of Hermetic
life. Though she holds no political power of her own, older
mages may seek to recruit her to their own cabals. Being courted

by elders is a heady experience. Though some students openly
akes this
Friends in high places can mean

express distaste for politics, the astute apprentice

opportunity to advance herself
better instruction, access to rare tomes, and even an easier
initiation. Naturally, those who extend patronage to the ap-
prentice expect loyalty in return. It's an easy and tempting trap
for those without a head for intrigue

Instruction now proceeds from goetia to theurgia, the
symbolic union with the Divine. Under close supervision, the
Zelator explores the Penumbra and binds minor Umbrood. On
escorted trips in the astral Realms, the apprentice learns to
conceptualize powerful ideas concretely, within her personal
praxis. She starts to understand how to pass beyond magickal

rotes and literally become magick — to "become the Word
The Zelator degree presents great peril and great possibil-
ity. Though the mentor may warn his student against

overconfidence, he expects her to progress beyond her teach-

ings and develop new insights. However, these insights bring
with them dangerous power. Most apprentices come through
their magickal experimentation with little more than scars and
wisdom. Others, regrettably, destroy themselves

Ayriwoman Praxis

The magician's Path requires self-awareness, which in-
cludes a sharp understanding of how culture shapes one's
thoughts. Many, though by no means all, Zelators find it useful

to probe their cultural conditioning by consciously violating it
This form of praxis is called antinomian, from the Greek,

meaning "against the law." The antinomian practitioner holds
that enlightened understanding supersedes moral law

Footnote Tw

: Conjuntiones Domesticae 21

IDWS

D.IWW

VW

WZ'

%

The new apprentice must understand at once that Hermetic
study, in itself, does not require criminality. Concerning Sleeper
laws, the Order takes no position. Antinomian techniqu
goals, merely tools for understanding, which the apprentice uses
and then discards when they have fulfilled her purpose

‘sare Not

The student chooses her own antinomian idea. Common
choices in recent history include flirtations with so-called
atan worship (as distinct from diabolism, which the Order
strictly forbids); work among followers of Nazism, racism or
other odious ideologies; or any other lesser deeds which the
apprentice finds reprehensible.

For example, knowing my love of reading, my pater sug-
gested that I take one of my favorite books and burn it. Of
Master Porthos loves boo!
book-burning as | do — which was precisely the point of his

as much as I; he despises

suggestion. Antinomian praxis should inspire revulsion in the
practitioner. Then, having committed the act, the student
amine her revulsion and liberate herself from it. Such
feelings represent strictures upon the will, and a true mage

should ey

tolerates no such strictures

A final warning: Never let antinomian praxis adversely
affect bystanders. For example, an American apprentice who
believes strongly in racial equality might attend a Ku Klux Klan
meeting in a distant city, and even make a pro-Klan speech to
the insipid dullards in attendance; the student should not
participate in a cross-burning, however. That would make the

‘or

antinomian no better than those she plans to fight. The ex-
amples of Gilles de Rais and Alliester Crowley mark the Path of
one who takes her antinomian praxis too seriously.

Missions

Mentors sometimes require Zelators to undertake mis-
sions: simple tasks, such as taking a message to another Covenant,
or dangerous tasks that benefit the Order, such as infiltrating a
Technocratic classroom. Simple errands are rarely straightfor:
ward. A routine courier mission that runs afoul the enemy may
conceal a loyalty test; those "Technocratic agents" interrogat-
ing the captured apprentice may actually be disguised Hermetic

mages. Dangerous missions teach the young mage to think for
herself, learn discretion and prove her bravery and resourceful-
ness.

Tron Apprentice Decree (Pracricus)

The student achieves the final apprentice degree through
personal metamorphosis. All magick is transformative; the
secret of magick is to transform the magician. Changing from an
ignorant, ineffectual drone into a mage who alters the world to
match her personal vision — this is absolutely no less magickal

than changing from human to wolf. The first involves no
ant.

supernatural violation of scientific law, but that is irrele

The mage decides how to alter reality, then changes inwardly to
gain the power to make the alteration.

In the Order of Hermes, the instrument of change (both
internal and external) is usually a Word. The student's praxis
leads her to an epiphany, a realization of a suitable life goal or
transformative process. Generally (though not always), this
goal lacks proper focus until the mage can articulate it asa single
Word, which carries with it manifold meanings and implica-

Order of Hermes

tions. The mage's will carries her Word outward, where it works
upon the world independent of her guidance.

All praxis — even non-Hermetic ones — have Words
which define their inner spark. All mysticks discover that Word
in time, whether they realiz
of Jesus was Agape, divine love. That of Francis Bacon, a

e it or not. For instance, the Word

member of the Order of Reason, was Progress, which has had
profound (and profoundly mixed) effects on the world. The
1960s magician Anton La Vey developed the Word Indulgence,
an unhappy choice with deleterious (though inarguably large)
effect on modern society.

The manifestation of a powerful Word is the usual hall-
mark of the student's graduation to Third Degree. Thereafter
the Practicus devotes her energies to transformation, using

techniques that her pater provides, At this stage the student
acquires skill in the Artsappropriate to the eventual progress of
her Word. When she‘advances beyond the First Rank in each
of these Arts, she'is ready to become a true magic
practice the third and highest form of magick: magia

VStar ION

How does an Order apprentice become a Disciple, the first
rank of the True Mage? Through initiation. Master Divraniya
remarks, "Initiation constitutes the first of many trials we
undergo in our never-ending pursuit of perfection." Actually,
an apprentice's initiation is more like her 2,025th such trial, but
none deny that initiation is arduous, totally personal, and
everlasting in the Disciple's memory.

n — to

The initiation trial takes many forms, depending on the
apprentice's House, the decisions of her masterand the needs of the
Order. Each test differs; usually the student is unaware she is being
tested. The trial challenges the apprentice's fitness to become a

mage. She must demonstrate the ability to work magick, influence
Sleepers, protect herself and avoid Paradox. Without quick and
creative thinking, an aspiring mage is doomed

The Order strives for perfection — of self, of will and of the
world. Challenge is our crucible, our bread and drink. Our
greatest members possess power on the scale of tactical nuclear

weapons. Command of such power requires coolness and ex-

control. For this reason, initiation often involves
hose who fail and sur-

quisite sel
danger, even life-threatening danger
vive may try again in another year. Some die. This is a harsh
penalty, but consider the alternative: allowing an immature,
careless or foolish mage to control the primary forces of cre-
ation. A gauntlet is a small price to pay for the stability our
Order provides — or for the power of gods

Tne TarOUNAL OF INITIATION

Initiation ceremonies take place at Tribunals, so that all who
attend may witness the "becoming" of a new mage. Because
Tribunals occur only every two years and apprentices are
impatient lot, each House often convenes special gatherings known
as Tribunals of Initiation between regular meetings. The chosen dates
have astrological or numerical significance; many believe that such

an

matters influence the future of the "graduating class.

The initiate's pater, one Quaesitor and at least one other
member of the initiate's House attend the proceedings. The
ceremony has five parts:


© Declaration: The pater declares that the apprentice has
accomplished the studies set before her and has passed her
initiation trial. He may offer praise for the student's behavior,
scholarship and accomplishments — usually for the first time in
their relationship!

© Oath: The Quaesitor requires the apprentice to recite
the Code of Hermes, then to swear she will uphold that Code.

# Naming: The new mage receives a new Hermetic name
chosen by her pater. (In modern times, the mentor usually asks
the apprentice which name she would like.) In time, this so-
called Shadow Name acquires new honorifics, which grow with
experience and age (see Appendix). The Quaesitor welcomes
the new mage using this Hermetic name, by which she will

henceforth be known. Secretly, the mentor prepares a scroll
with a second secret name — a True Name; he shows it to the
initiate, then destroys it. Only the initiate and the mentor know
all the

© Sigil: The initiate's former mentor presents the new
mage with a sigil that symbolizes her membership in the Order,
usually a wand. The sigil bears arcane symbols that identify the
mage's House and specialties, if any. In essence, the sigil

Names she possesses.

becomes a symbol of the mage herself, representing her vote in
council. In centuries past, mages would lend their sigils as proxy

Tre LIFE OF

votes, but that practice was subject to abuse and has fallen into
disfavor.

* Declaration of Vector: First added to the initiation rite
in the 1860s, this optional stage requires the new Disciple to

declare the guise she will assume in the Sleeping world —
including her job, lifestyle, residence and Word. Although her
Vector may change over time as her interests broaden or
narrow, this declaration sets the mage a goal of her own
choosing —a gesture of independence after spending so long at

the feet of another.

Once initiated, the premie (an ancient term for the new
Disciple) becomes a full member of the Order, free to join a
cabal or a Covenant and make her own way toward the h
Degrees.

Apprentices, even those who were never close to their

mentors, always owe their teachers an irrepayable debt. While
many render gratitude through alliance and favor, it is the
student's reputation and deeds that form the real payment for
the mentor'sinstruction. Through the pupil's deeds, the mentor

enhances — or besmirches — his own reputation. Apprentices
reading this are advised to remember that their acts shine or
shadow their teachers' own. And believe me, few mischiefs are
worth an angry mentor.

THE STIASTER

A desire of knowledge is the natural feeling of
mankind; and every human being whose mind is not
debauched will be willing to give all that he has to get
knowledge.

— Samuel Johnson

Though apprenticeship shapes the mage's
carly life; her career path is entirely her own.
Master Divraniya's writings on mages enumer-
ate their duties admirably; a summary follows.

Ewreamns tne My'as

Mi'as (Arabic, "quicksand" is a tongue-in-cheek term for
politics. As soon as a new mage completes her initiation, she

usually finds herself embroiled in the political maneuverings
endemic to the Order. Once in, she must sink or swim.

Hermetics continually accept new challenges, measuring
their progress toward perfection through the acquisition of
power — mastering the Arts, commanding spirits, exercising
our will within the mundane world and, ultimately, ruling
ourselves. Other Tradition mages sometimes fail to compre-
hend this central point of our Order's beliefs. We understand
the one true Path to Ascension; therefore, we have a duty to
lead others to that Path. To prepare for that position, we must
perfect ourselves. That process includes gaining political power,
both to measure our personal advancement and to learn how to
wield power wisely

Ifone must wade through "political quicksand," it helps to
have a lifeline. The Order provides this aid through the ex-
change of sa. In Egyptian religion, sa was a magical fluid, the

lifeblood of the gods. When their sa ran low, the priests would
ask others' gods to lay hands on them and restore it. In Hermetic
tradition, sa represents "political blood," favors bestowed on
others. These "charities" may include taking sides in a discus-
sion; voting for or against a particular issue; helping another
mage establish a reputation; or getting him elected to office.
The more sa a mage "gives" to others; the more.favor.she
potentially controls: It is considered a grave breach ofhonor to
fail to repay a favor.

Garvin RNowLense

The Hermetic is a scholar in the library of Humanity.
Mages who spend their lives battling in the political arena — or
in combat, for that matter — sacrifice their access to the higher
magickal realms. Knowledge, understanding and awareness are
the keys to personal evolution. Each mage must decide for

herself which area of study will let her Ascend. At the same
time, she must balance the practical necessities of politicking

against these for without sa, her scholarly options are

curtailed.

M

initiation, assume th

ny new initiates, having cleared the hurdles and won
y have won victory. Quite the contrary:
After apprenticeship, the mage must study harder than ever!
Within the basic texts, she now discerns hidden meanings,

numerological significance or unsuspected symbology. These

discoveries compel her to reach beyond what she once sus-
pected and attain what she never before envisioned. And
beyond this portal lie still more complex mysteries...

Footnote Two: Conjuntiones Domesticae 23

NA

ESS

Wey N

Janine APPRENTICES

Hermetics recognize the duty to teach. Personal improve-
ment is impossible without training new apprentices. As we
uncover deeper truths, we feel obligated to pass on our discov-
eries

Other factors, beyond mere duty, influence the decision to
teach. Many Hermetics have no other family beyond their
fellow mages; taking an apprentice creates a bond like that
between a parent and her child. Then, too, it is a genuine
pleasure to instill in the newly-Awakened mind a thirst for
knowledge and a desire to seek the mysteries.

A teacher may have more practical motives also. A pupil
provides an extra pair of hands in the laboratory, performs
tedious chores, and, not least, provides the mage with compan-

ionship. Until she takes an apprentice, a mage may never realize

er's life can be.

how lonely the Se

The new mentor rules her pupil in all ways, but the teacher
also learns valuable lessons: politics in miniature (through
wielding power over another); teaching methods; fresh per-
spectives on old subjects, which may spark new lines of inquiry;
and renewed interest in the mortal world, which so many
masters forsake for Awakened company.

Fixpins Faminans

The Order does not forbid apprentices to have familiars,
but students rarely have the knowledge to summon one, let
alone keep it. These spirit companions require upkeep and
favors in return for their services. Most new Disciples, however,

24 Order of Hermes

ee ee

try toenlist a familiar at the earliest opportunity; such creatures
may offer power, otherworldly knowledge or access to more
powerful Umbrood.

Most familiars attracted to Hermetic mages demonstrate
extreme intelligence, inquiring natures and esoteric knowledge
(if not always wisdom). These Umbral denizens take forms that
various cultures associate with intelligence: toads ot frogs,
and cats. Sometimes they inhabit clay
golems or homunculi that appear to Sleeping eyes as dolls.
Familiars destined to reside in Horizon Realms, where Paradox
does not intrude, may appear as Mythic Remnants -
lammasu, tiny dragons — or (rarely) as random geometric
forms. (ref: familiars.)

SANCTA

Hermetic law considers the Hermetic Sanctum inviolable.
Here, a mage establishes her own individual paradigm and does
her most important work. Some willworkers make do with a

falcons, owls, sna

sphinxes,

small Sanctum — little more than a study area — but most
include their laboratories, libraries and living quarters in the
ge."

A Sanctum's size and situation often indicate the owner's

"pac

status within the Cov

ant. Older, established mages have the
best sites and most spacious accommodations. In crowded
Covenants, Disciples may share living quarters, but each still
claims her own tiny Sanctum. A Chantry member can secure a
better Sanctum by performing a great service to her Covenant
or House, or through political maneuvering. Failing that, she
can just get rich and build it herself


Note that the Sanctum must be clearly marked as d
scribed in the Peripheral Corrigenda to the Code of Hermes (XVI/
254/DDjiii/a). Uninvited entry into another's Sanctum is a
crime punishable by Interdiction, and the owner may lawfully

kill the intruder in self-defense. (One notable exception: Ap-
prentices may enter their mentor's Sanctum without invitation,
and vice versa.) In the Houses' turbulent past, a scheming mage
would invite a rival into his Sanctum, slay him, then escape
punishment by claiming self-defense. Even today, entering
another's Sanctum indicates great trust — or great foolishness.

The laws prohibit certain risky types of experimentation
within the Covenant, even within one's Sanctum. In particu
lar, the Order regards major elemental effects, greater Forces
magick, all summonings and, of course, diabolism as dangerous
The mage should implement these in a pocket Realm. Extreme
cases even require a sealed laboratory within the Realm, so that
the mage can blow herself up without taking the whole pocket
universe with her.

Ceatamen

Inevitably, every master gets drawn into a magickal duel,
usually by a political rival or by a glory-seeking student. For this
reason, the Houses developed the rules of certamen, the ritual-
ized duel arcane

Certamen within our Order is highly ritualized, with ob-
servers, judges and a clearly defined arena. Duelists engage in a
set form of challenge, response, the stating of limits on allow-

able magick, use of Quintessence, stakes of the match, and other
constraints. Surprise attacks are dishonorable (but occur any
way).

Because we control the most dangerous forces in the
universe, our Order strictly enforces the agreed-upon limits in
acontest. Brutal opponents are often censured or re-challenged
bya stronger compatriot. The most admirable duelists best their

creative and subtle "soft" magicks, or defeat
and knowledge of their opponents' weak
nesses. Crass displays of power, while effective barriers to repeat

opponents throu

rivals through guile

business, indicate a lack of grace and imagination,

Twwsnt

We refer to Quiet as "the Twilight" because it evokes a
sense of changing balance. Twilight comprises darkness and
light; one surrenders to the other. Although other Traditions
conceive of the night as insanity, we consider it a time of
reevaluation and transition

A Hermetic mage in Twilight loses control of her rational
thought processes and enters reality of herown making. In this
state, she opens herself to repressed ideas and crazy notions
These visions may lead to new insights into her Word, new

abilities and affinities, or even (rarely) a new familiar. Con
versely, Twilight may confuse the victim beyond recovery. She
may acquire a physical deformity brought on by uncontrolled
magick, or lose her affinity of an Art, perhaps beyond recovery.
She becomes a different, smaller spirit — one occasionally beset

by nightmarish hobgoblins from her subconscious.

Footnote Two: Conjuntiones Domesticae 25

a


Any Hermetic mage must prepare her to experience Twi
light. It will happen someday, and may happen often. Indeed,
the Order's greatest figures have gained unique insights in
Twilight. My own pater, Master Porthos, has entered at least 12
byhis own count. Some among the Order enter this visionground

voluntarily, searching for wisdom, though others fear its horrors
and lock themselves away for fear of harm.

Avaaps

Those who diligently pursue the Order's virtuesand choose
their friends wisely reap great rewards. All Hermetics must learn
something of political infighting, and those who learn well may
become movers and shakers within Covenants, Houses or even
the entire Order. Respected mages may represent their peers at
the Grand Tribunal, where they help determine policy for the
Tradition as a whole.

Despite our Tradition's reputation, many Hermetics man-
age to avoid politics (mostly) and pursue knowledge instead
High scholarship, too, brings rewards. Theoreticians and schol-
ars enjoy greater respect in the Order than in any other Tradition;
their opinions are sought, their learning revered. They may
receive superior laboratory equipment, space and research mate-
rials, as well as bright apprentices and consors. The finest
thinkers are immortalized on the Order's White Roster of
Celebrants. Typically theorists also achieve, if not immortality,
then extreme physical longevity.

Other more active members earn prestige through service
to the Order: rescue missions, diplomatic successes, Umbral
discoveries, telling strikes against the enemy.... Some rewards

26

Order of Hermes

are intangible: the respect of peers, fame within the Order and
gratitude from other members. Some are more concrete but no
less valuable. Material rewards include good quarters in the
Covenant, promising apprentices and appointments to office.
Historically, high-Degree members of House Quaesitor have
the best chances to reap rewards of this type, but the Quaesitors
are too few to monopolize the spoils.

Each of these paths holds one ultimate prize: access to
esoteric knowledge.

very Hermetic mage, however trapped by
the mi'as, shares the supreme desire to understand. By under-
standing the Tellurian, we see how to work our will; by

understanding our will, we progress toward the ultimate goal of
spiritual perfection.

Tne Seconn INriArion

Asahierarchical society, the Order hasa pyramidal structure.
Disciples provide the broad base, upon which rests a smaller
number of Adepts and, at the summit, a few revered Masters and
Archmages. As a mage advances in Degree and formulates new
praxes to realize her Word, powerful members of our Tradition
evaluate her performance. Ifshe proves her excellence, loyalty and
ability, they grant her a "second initiation."

This secret and arcane ceremony is known only to those of
Eighth and Ninth Degrees (ie., Masters and Archmages). The
initiate enters the Circlus Abstrusus, the Hermetic "movers and
shakers" found mostly in Doissetep and Horizon. Members of this
innercircle establish a Tradition-wide reputation. Others both fear
and revere them. Rumor speaks of a third initiation and a fourth
beyond that, but the details of such ranks remain mysteriousat best.

Heamenic Law

The laws place the safety of all before the safety
of individuals

— Cicero, De Finibus

Any group is only as strong as the laws that
bind it. Hermetics adhere strictly toa code that lets
us live and work together — not always in har-
mony, perhaps, but at least in common
understanding. Without the Code of Hermes and
its Peripheral Corrigenda, we could never meld so
many differing magickal praxes into one Tradition.

Tre Cope oF Heames

Bonisagus propounded the Code of Hermes in 787 CE.

Disciples must know the Code and swear to uphold it. In the
past, breaking the Code incurred one punishment: Requital, or
death. In modern times, the Order employs many punishments.
The Code, at its most basic, is as follows:

* I swear everlasting loyalty to the Order and its mem-
bers. The Order's friends and enemies are my friends and
enemies, and I shall not spurn a friend nor succor an enemy.

¢ I shall not through action or inaction endanger the
Order, nor consort with devils or undead, nor anger the fae.

© Ishall not deprive any Order mage of magickal power,
nor through action or inaction attempt bring harm to an
Order mage, except in justly declared and open certémen.

© I shall not spy by any means or manner upon another
Order mage's private works, nor read an Order mage's mind,
nor invade or observe an Order mage's Sanctum, save to guard
against a clear, direct, forceful and imminent threat to the
safety of the Order.

Note: The Code does not forbid spying upon or scrying those
outside the Order; indeed, we often observe Technocracy strong-
holds, and occasionally (for their own safety) the Chantries of other
Traditions

© If called before a Tribunal, I shall abide by its verdicts.
If called to sit upon a Tribunal, I shall vote wisely, respect the
votes of others, and support the Tribunal's verdicts.

© Upon reaching Fifth Degree or higher, I shall train
apprentices and instruct them in this Code. I bear the entire
responsibility for my apprentice, and shall duly admonish,
restrain, discipline or arrest an apprentice who endangers the
Order, and shall yield same apprentice to the Order's lawfully
appointed agent or Tribunal.

¢ I solemnly swear to uphold this sacred Code of
Hermes, and venture any risk or sacrifice to protect it. Should
I breach it, may all the mages of the Order rise as one united
and hunt me down and destroy me forevermore.

PERIPHERAL CORRIGENDA

The Code''s brevity has necessitated numerous rulings and

interpretations. Rulings agreed in the triennial Grand Tribu-
nals are entered into the Peripheral Corrigenda, a voluminous

and precedent-setting document. Some noteworthy interpreta-
tions:

¢ Tribunals consist of six Order mages from House
Quaesitor, or from at least two other Houses. Tribunals con-
vened to hear capital crimes consist of 12 Hermetic mages from
no less than four Houses. A Quaesitor presides over capital
Tribunals.

© A mentor must instruct and train an apprentice for at
least three months each year. Otherwise, any other mage of
Fifth Degree or higher may (with the apprentice's consent) take
over the apprentice's training.

© Certdmen shall settle disputes between individuals,
cabals or Covenants. Challenged and challenger must agree on
the limitations and boundaries of the duel. The use of deadly
force must be

ated and agreed upon by all parties before the

contest. No mage may challenge a Tribune judging his fat

Primus in charge of a House or a Quaesitor protecting the
Order. No mage may challenge another mage more than once,
unless and until the second mage has challenged the challenger
in return

Any challenged party may refuse certémen without preju-
dice or dishonor; however, the party seeking satisfaction may
then consign the dispute to a Quaesitor for disposition. A mage
may not accept a challenge that breaks the Code of Hermes or
its Peripheral Corrigenda.

Having accepted certamen, a mage must abide by its results
or incur punishment by the Quaesitors.

Vrorarions

The Order of Hermes recognizes both high and low crimes.

Hien Carmes

These comprise explicit violations of the Code of Hermes:
Destroying a mage's magickal abilities, slaying a fellow member
outside lawful certamen, endangering the Order, dealing with
demons or exercising gross malice, sadism and/or murder against
Sleepers, allies or other mages. High crimes "are heard by the
Order's Security Council, a formal body of nine judges; each
judge is appointed by the Primus of his House. By majority yote,
the Security Council may punish high crimes with either
Censure (public condemnation), Interdiction-(shunning),
Requital (death) or Gilgul (annihilation).

© A Censuréd mage's crime is circulated among all Cov-
enants;-the criminal may also incur fines or other penalties,
such as a prohibition against returning to his Sanctum or
Covenant for two years. Though (in theory) publication and
associated penalties comprise the entire punishment, Censure
has the practical side effect of destroying the criminal's political
ambitions.

* No Hermetic mage may aid or communicate in any way
with an Interdicted magician. Independent vigilantes of the
Order often hunt and slay Interdicted mages, claiming that such
desperadoes know too much to be allowed to live.

Footnote Two: Conjuntiones Domesticae


© Requital verdicts are extremely rare. If the sentenced

criminal is in custody, he may appeal at once to the Primus
(leader) of his House for mercy. A willing Primus may convene
all available Primi to review the sentence. They may commute
the Requital to Interdiction by accumulating five votes in favor
If the verdict stands, three Quaesitor executioners (called the
Black Tribunal) carry out the Requital sentence at dawn on the
day following sentencing.

A fugitive from justice may earn both Interdiction and
Requital, meaning that any Order mage must flee or extermi-
nate the criminal on sight

© Note that Requital in all cases refers only to the termi
nation of the criminal's physical life. Only a unanimous panel
of all House Primi can pronounce the still graver sentence of
Gilgul, or Avatar-murder. The Order of Hermes has historically
issued only one or two Gilgul sentences each century, usually
for flagrant diabolism:

Low Crimes

These offenses against the Peripheral Corrigenda include
harming or stealing another mage's familiar, laboratory or
property, or committing gross acts of theft or violence against
Sleepers, allies or fellow Tradition mages. Such crimes merit
either Talion (retaliation in kind by the injured party or his
agents) or Reparation. Low crimes are judged by a Tribunal, :
temporary jury of rank-and-file mages (see "Lawmakers," be-
low)

¢ The ancient law of Talion suits punishment to the
crime. If you destroy my library, then a Talion verdict lets me
destroy yours. However, Talion within the Order is more
flexible than the verdicts of ancient societies. Tribunals
recognize that if you kill my familiar, there is no justice in my
killing yours, inasmuch as your familiar may have been
uninvolved in your crime. In these circumstances, Talion
ribunal

permits alternate solutions. In this example, the
might sever the bond between you and your familiar, return
ing the creature to its Umbral home

© Reparation, by far the most common punishment, means
the criminal must make restitution, in kind where possible, in
cash or favors when not. Tribunals are fond of "sevenfold
Reparation." For instance, if the offender took a valuable tome
from the victim's library, the offender must give the victim
seven other books of equal value.

LAWMARERS

Here follow the positions of power that you will most often
hear about as an apprentice

¢ Tribune: Tribunals Ordinary are temporary ad hoc juries
of six or 12 Tribune mages. A Tribune is a temporary office, like
that of a juror. Such Tribunals convene whenever necessary,
weighing important matters or deciding criminal trials. For
matters that affect a single House, the Tribunes come from that
House; for matters between Houses or affecting the entire
Order, Tribunes are drawn from several Houses. Tribunal jus:
tice is swift, though its fairness is sometimes inextricably bound
to political expediency

px.

28 Order of Hermes


The Corrigenda detail precise routines and procedures for
convening a Tribunal Ordinary in every imaginable situation.
Typically, but not always, a member of House Quaesitor calls
and convenes the Tribunal. The Quaesitor may call any Order
mage (except apprentices) to serve asa Tribune; the chosen one
must serve unless prevented by injury_or illness. However,
members of high Degree often develop "Tribune fever" (as they
jocularly call it) to avoid this dull service. Therefore, a new

initiate can expect early, if not frequent, calls to hear cases.

Given this opportunity, do not succumb to fever! Tribunals
offer the new mage insights into the Order's inner workings, as
well as valuable contacts with other Covenants and potential
allies.
Grand Tribunals meet every three ¥
times of emergency. The 27 delegates (usually the Primus and
two other members of high Degree from eacl House) convene
toenact laws and discuss issues affecting the whole of the Order.
In Grand Tribunal, the Primus of House Bonisagus (as leader of
the oldest House) acts as Tribune Chancellor. Each attending
mage may propose topics for discussion.

ars, or more often in

© Quaesitor: Members‘of House Quaesitor have a unique
position within the Order, for their authority extends beyond
their own House. Building on the harsh ancient laws of Ma'at,
Egyptian goddess of law, Quaesitors oversee the enactment and
enforcement of laws within the Order. A Quaesitor presides
over the Security Council and (usually) Tribunals, ruling on
edenvand law.

questions

of prec

© Primus: The Primi lead the Houses and guide their
members. Whether Masters or Archmages, Primi always wield
major political power, appointing officials within the House
organization, settling disputes and planning strategies

Each Primus may expel any member of her House, in effect
making the unfortunate an Orphan within the Order. An
"unhoused" mage is not exactly a criminal ot an exile, but has
no voting rights and, practically speaking, absolutely no politi-

cal power. Unhoused magicians are rare; most either find refuge

in another House or, without support, perish at the enemy's
hands.

Al Primi serve for life. In Houses Ex Miscellanea, Janissary,
Tytalus and Shaea, the Primus chooses his or hersuccessor, who
takes over upon the elder's death or retirement, Thig has no
Primus. In the other Houses, members of Sixth Degree and
higher elect their Primus ftom among the House's Masters and
Archmages.

Committees

Weighty issues of law and guilt may fascinate the appren-
tice, but dry administrative matters weigh more heavily upon
her life. Such minutiae are the purview of the Order's many
committees, divisions and detachments. These organizations
and their functions date from the consolidation of our diverse
Houses as asingle Tradition; in many ways, they hold our fragile
fraternity together.

As a new apprentice, you've already encountered the
Order's Personnel Division. Take heart: They treat Archmages
the same way they treated you! You'll encounter their obtuse
bureaucracy whenever you rise in degree, become an initiate,

relocate, take an apprentice, win an award or commit a major
felony. Yes;many of them are "just consors," but don't threaten
to fry them. They have power: When a mage locates a likely
apprentice but cannot, for some Teason, teach her himself, the
consors in Personnel locate. likely mentor for her. Therefore,
Personnel controls the quality of apprentices a House receives
Thus, mages treat Personnel kindly. A quality recruit means a
quality apprentice.

The same situation prevails in most other committees. Super-
vised by mages but staffed by Sleeper associate:
represent a power unto themselves. They serve, but are not
members of, the various Houses. Vital Order functions fall to one
or another House: research (Bonisagus), defense (Flambeau),
recruitment (Fortunae), internal security (Janissary), justice
(Quaesitor), history (Shaea), reconnaissance (Thig) and strategy
(Tytalus). But the Houses prefer not to burden themselves with
mundane duties, and so these tasks fall to seemingly their innumer-

, the committee:

able consots, aides and (yes) bureaucrats.

Master Divraniya offers a full list of committees and excel-
lent summaries of their domains. This early in your studies, you
need only care about a few: the Logistics Division, which
s supplies to the Covenants; the Procurement Commit-
tee, which locates and acquires ancient texts for Order libraries;
and various ad hoc detachments formed to investigate magickal
phenomena across the world. These committees concern you

provid

because they frequently require minor magicians to carry out
tasks considered "beneath" an initiat
a Procurement secretary calls you at 4 AM and tells you to get
to Istanbul and pick up a 12th-Century Dervish scroll. In our
Order, it's all part of the new mage's life.

. So don't be surprised if

Footnote Two: Conjuntiones Domesticae 29

WOK

ID.



Foornore 3:

Hermeric Houses

Suffer not yourselves to be carried with the Great Stream, but

stem the tide, you that can lay hold of the Haven of Safety, and make
your full course toward it. Seek one that may lead you by the hand,
and conduct you to the door of Truth and Knowledge, where the clear
Light is that is pure from Darkness, where there is not one drunken,
but all are sober, and in their heart look up to him, whose pleasure it

is to be seen

— The Sacred Pymander of Hermes Trismegistus, VIII.4-5

Like the Father's house in the Biblical prov-
erb (John 14:2), the Order of Hermes has many
mansions. Within our organization, each House
(an older term, "Collegium," fell from favor in
the 1700s) is a plenary magickal society unto
itself, often many centuries old. Each House
alone matches our fellow Traditions, if not in
numbers, then in history and independence of
viewpoint. Even their praxes display remarkable
diversity. Still, all nine Houses share the Her-
metic emphases on meticulous discipline, exacting ritual,
pragmatic adoption of workable ideas and, above all, language

New apprentices often wonder why the Houses remain
separate within the Order. For five centuries, the discussion has
dominated many a Covenant tea room: Why not integrate the

Houses, or else calve them as separate Traditions? Of many
competing theories, I favor the so-called pragmatic argument
The path to power requires both a voice on the Council of Nine
Mystick Traditions and influence at our Tradition's Grand
Tribunals. A House that breaks from the Order loses the first;
a House that integrates forfeits the second. So the status quo
endures, resented but tolerated.

In this Hornbook's section on the Houses, Master Aram
Marangoudakis, bani Tytalus, does not address the current
situation. In fact, for all their exhaustive and in some respects
exhausting length, his nine treatises omit any references to
current politics. With his work, Master Marangoudakis has
done every new apprentice an undeniable service — as far as it
goes — but a novice entering the quicksand of Hermetic life
may find the following notes both accessible and enlightening.

Footnote Three: Hermetic Houses

OS
_— : House Bowisnsus

Name:

Bonisagi, Researchers, the Scattered,
Ivory Towers, Pointy Hats (demeaning)
In the 8th century, a reclusive Mercuric
Archmage in the Black Forest, Bonisagus, pro-
pounded the Word parma (Latin, "shield"). A
brilliant and patient researcher, he first en-
acted his Word by developing the parma magica,
an anti-magickal shield that let magicians par-
ley with rivals without fear of ambush.
When the Master Trianoma encountered
ch for fellow magi (731 CE
she studied with him, learned the parma magica,

Bonisagus on her

and recognized it as a key to propagating her own
Word: Unity. She helped Bonisagus recognize a
larger dimension implied in his Word, a societal
goal that would shield magi everywhere. Aided
by Trianoma's political genius, Bonisagus re-
cruited a small cabal of followers, the nucleus of
the later House Bonisagus. Teaching the parma
magica to magi across Europe, the Bonisagi built
the foundations of the Order of Hermes, and
hence of all the Traditions
During the High Mythic Age, House
Bonisagus exerted enormous influence as the
Order's leading researchers. What vision! Al-
most every year the group seemed to impart
some new and imaginative way to work magick;
its pioneering research about vampires,
werewolves, wraiths and the fae fascinated the
magickal community. But at the end of the
Age, the House's Quintessence stockpiles

dwindled, its resources shrank, and its member
ship succumbed to bitter infighting
Today, young mages in other Houses con

nnuated and obsolete.
They have a point: Only one cabal, the Fraternal
Society of Bonisagus in Doissetep, remains politi

sider the Bonisagi super

cally powerful. Its four Masters involve themselves,
not with research or Ascension, but with strikes against
a Technocratic base. However, critics of the House over-
look "the Scattered": an unknown number of independent
researchers scattered around the Tellurian, each pottering
about in an ancient laboratory, each cleaving to Bonisagan
ideals. Every one of them is a first-class theorist. Even now,
from time to time, one of these eremites comes forth to
announce some innovative rote or newly discovered realm.
This sense of possibility keeps Bonisagus vital in Hermetic life.
Philosophy: Orthodox Bonisagan theorists usually adopt
Words connoting boundaries or frontiers. By transgressing bound-
aries through antinomian praxis, or extending frontiers through
inquiry, the Bonisagan transforms her spirit into something new,
unexplored. Per Hermetic doctrine ("As above, so below"), this
opens the researcher to a new Truth, a new aspect of the realm of
noesis. The mage then carries this new understanding back to the
material world. Any Scattered theorist can describe the
process at great length in completely incomprehen-
sible terms.

As for the House's last surviving cabal, the Fraternal
Society of Bonisagus, it is hard to adduce its doctrines. What
should one make of a magazine photographer with a nigh-
Ecstatic praxis? Or a one-time mayor of a Swiss canton who
spends his days learning languages (total at this writing: 74) and
collecting electric trains? The Society's theoretical underpin-
nings, whatever they are, are certainly eclectic.

Style: Bonisagan researchers specialize in jargon so arcane
it puzzles even their fellow Hermetics — and, I suspect, some-
times themselves. Observers joke that the Scattered can talk
themselves into Twilight. Never absent-minded — for rudi-
mentary skill in Ars Mentis corrects this trivial flaw — the
Researchers nonetheless focus obsessively on abstruse ideas;
their distracted air gives

their nickname double
meaning. No other mage,
however, can_ better
handle the countless de-
tails of an elaborate ritual
working or intricate
Umbrood conversation.
In the Fraternal So-
ciety in Doissetep, by
contrast, members emu-
late the example of Master
Trianoma, never a strong
theorist but a brilliant
politician. These relent-
less willworkers share a
hatred for the
Technocracy and con-
stantly plotagainst known
Reason mages. Visiting
many Covenants around

vitriolic

the world, Fraternals use
their considerable per-
sonal skills to gain aid or
resources for their cause.

One elder Flambeau
tells of his dealings with
the Fraternals: "They al-
ways remember your name

and your birthday, and they give
catnip toys to your familiar," he says. "They wine you and
dine you, they engage you in the most delightful conversation,
and then when the evening is over you realize that you
ft by Tuesday."

promised them an F-14 strike airc
Goals: Among the Scattered, current research includes ex-
ploration of the 10th Sphere, Ars Concordiae and Paradox
avoidance. In practice, it's never easy to determine which topics
command these theorists' attention. They work in isolation,
usually in Horizon Realms, making occasional forays to Earth to
procure some esoteric document or vital ingredient. The Order
rarely hears about a Bonisagi's interests until he suddenly shows up
at a Grand Tribunal, carrying an armful of scribbled scrolls that
show, in precise detail, how to tum a distant enemy into glass.

Some decades ago, the Technocratic stronghold Metropo-
lis2 seized one of Doissetep's most important ley lines. The

Fraternal Society has spent many years making retaliatory
strikes against Metropolis2, with little effect thus far. They
have, however, succeeded in convincing other cabals to "loan"
them the neces

ary resources. .

Organization: The Fraternal Society has four members
who meet regularly in Doissetep, frequently in the Chantry's
Barcelona aspect on Earth. The Scattered do not meet and are
not known to communicate with one another, save in emergen-

cies.

Initiation: Each Adept or Master recruits and teaches his
own apprentices. Doissetep's cabal often recruits them from
secretive government agencies like the CIA. In recent centu-
ries, their membership has sharply declined; the Scattered are
too isolated to meet
likely recruits, and the
Followers lose rather too
many to unusual acci-
dents. How curious that

the indomitable walls of
Doissetep cannot pro-
tect its residents from
fatal j

Nornpte Fisures

© Philippus Aureolus
Paracelsus (1493-
1541): Swiss alchemist
and physician. An em-
blem of the Hermetic
Tradition, he wrote ex
tensively on itand made
many major break-
throughs. Helped
discover effect of Sleeper

ccidents.

beliefs on magick. Said
to have died in 1541,
but some believe he be:
came an Oracle.
¢ Phoebe Tetramagestus
(1214-1488): Reclusive
French scholar (birth
name Isabelle Hénault) in
Chantry Sangreal, Marseilles. Mar-
velously prolific researcher credited with over 80 original
rotes, countless variants, and three Prix d'Honneur. She lived

a cloistered existence and finally succumbed to a decades-long
Twilight.

* John Visballi (born 1833): Italian-born Hungarian
mage, master of Ars Essentiae, Conjunctionis and Animae

Current leader of the Fraternal Society of Bonisagus in Doissetep.

* Livia Margold (birthdate unknown): Scattered Re-
searcher, the most recent to emerge from seclusion. Developed
improved method for summoning Umbrood snipplings. Close
questioning revealed that she had secured this knowledge from
an Umbrood Lord in exchange for a human zygote. A Tribunal
Censured Livia; thus Censured, she entered the Deep Umbra.
Her current whereabouts are unknown,

Footnote Three: Hermetic Houses 33

IDWS

ENS

saaatype ay ‘ppiom pauon!puos ayp pue Apog sty Surpuazsuen
Aq ‘oouen snaydoud e aaarype 03 ‘Butouep Jo sSnup ya uo
-oun{uod Ur sauMyawos ‘A]UEssaour suUOReIURIUI UOYs Iwadas
qYyBrwu ‘gouesur 10) ‘URIBE UOUTeD YY "paapul LOWNIO>
aue saindsip pue ‘ysnoyp Sysnoy snewsayy pardasse yi
ysour sdempe JOU Op saHoayp 3129199 s,asnop] ay_L "sUOIpes |
Joyo aWOs UF Op saseuU se 1 SUISUIM, URL aYpEL ‘sUONeIUeEDUt
aresoqe dojaaap pur sjeniy azuowaw A[surpersured Aayp ‘st
yy — omaurey Wauyap & 02 yew ae;
‘crueweys ‘uesed adepe ,sioysiuy, jenplarpuy :Aydosoyryg

aaa pure aste

samod pue Ainvag Burssedans yo sisa{go away Ady
‘Spoour |]! 4oyp ardsaq "Agem pue jrysnasip 4yn48 Mord
SUEIOIeUL asap ‘saWHOY JUDIE Jo |][Ny SAHOIeLOge] LEP
Ur pa] ppny ‘swyeay UoZOF 1UeISIp UI Papnprag "Wy ay
Jo sioafqo sep us pur surxiya ‘suewstye | UorYsey sadeu
snIpsa, ‘Penbs ino syaiURYyUa INIUHaH °S9Q9T
aya ul aSpodaspopy ay2 Buayua ‘heme paypurmp
SnIMIpia,A ‘siayeid pue siayeW]oo) jeyITew
JO pind yuourwoid & 29uQ ssnpIpsA

und 01 asjnduit jnypeaup e pue Surypoy>
pho] soy aisea e ‘s1ouny snonoungures (01 Saad

118) 40) dojaaap saiew asayy "sSuyjasuey>
aia audstios pu sous auaey asta 10] {OF
pur sajqey ySnosyp aiod ‘yjo} atey ay UO
spaooas snordos daay [jassaseu enuuayy
‘yore avy ouua299 UIA IuayeR sya
paieuitoap aaey saunquad aya yanoy |

Ppom auaey ayy ur sayy Auaasdw jo

oHInjosa atp aAayjaq oyM sIe}OyDS

HULWOY FETUAW
"pouaiystyuaun

dup pue rood ayp 40g uorsseduio>

quis

2 HOM ]e1Dos ‘sistue ‘sistarou)

(sisiopoypasd—‘ss9

saejoyps-astue ayquiny — Sioa
-1aans Apuey Atay 8.02 poypulap
sey uonque, Aysney-aou0

‘asnnisip tadaayg pur x
eae Aq peg WH "SOO
ayep ayy UL eoUET]D981y
xq poutof ay oma
aqpjosisod puesiownq
-ae ‘saaydosoptyd asau
ruoiqief

So]ppus ur syeads
pue
svury ay ‘pearsuy "jre1ap
ul aunany aya saataoiad

salinssqo 1e

SAU2} JO ApP1O $¢

20814 ‘az1s yeas sat ang ‘samod jesnIod syDe] asnoH] paztue'
sip ‘aniy curds snauuazy Ajanbrun ev ys skempe ‘]qeuiseun
sixead Ara Ayzeau shojdwa diysioquiau asiaaip s,9snop] ay |

J0sIp

qpeg S29paO ay Jo ydtunin ayp smoys a1 ‘suoMpes | Joy ay

01 edsaquno> saw} & Surpiaoad Ag "ase ajqenyea e asnop]
aYy2 SJaplsuo> JapIO ay? ‘aamoy ‘9oym ay2 uo ‘eaue]]I2
SI Xq aieauap sowNawos sasnopy s9YB0 UI sMoWI}Y

suneg-1-]yy aya ‘uonper | ys07] ay Woy saaaryar
may 8 sloquey a1 Aanquad siyp UT ‘sasnop] JaYyIo Jo JUeUUAI By
pawnsgns 1 ‘Suyppurmg aya Surg "Ayyespes ssa] pasuey>

sey vaueljosiyy xq ‘way aouIs sauNyUA ay) Uy
euasqiaA, ay) UIO! 01 BuraKay a10}9q

eaue]faostpy xq Ul TAA e Apareq quads *(19UNJap MOU) spre
-zim BuiBueys-adeys s1ueway jo asnopy e 4aeWolg

aY_L "sdnosd zayao utof oy AuETJarstyy aya Ya] sazeus

sYIO "Aep siyp o1 ureWar Ady aiaym ‘LAUE]|AISTY
J 01 UORIOAUOD PULID ap SuLNp pausis
UO) aiaMm (BNULDAW puke UOIqef ‘uoWRHD)
suonsod jeorayjod eam yim saua}{ Jo Sa9snOH]

Jeursiz0 ayp Jo autog "s19A0UIN YDINb pasayns
a8podaSpop ayp ‘suontper J aya jo skep Aprea
aya Uy "sauNyUaD ay 49A0 Ug e pasueyD
sey uonsoduiod s,a%podaspop] ay.

"pip Soup og "peasur
asnop] B awWOIaq 01 WAY? pasuLAuOD
euoueH | saisepyang ‘saUa] Jo19p1Q

ay asurese usiedures e pouueyd day

osiy ay "Auepjaosty Jo pI ay

watp pareppap x1perq ‘ssarons 1194
jo yea ayp UT ‘snoaypeu, reg 499
-uewiosd9u [nyaSuaa aya Aonsap
01 sprezim quapuadaput ystsuq
Jeraaas parayes ‘snyerd | 1ueg
1 ‘Q{g Uy ‘NeW
e920] st USO
SNOH] aya ‘hao
"urea AIO SH |]e404

‘xrpeag 8
-eip pue

duoIsty S,

"uontpel | ano
ul UMOUyUN astaatpo
siamod puewuo uayo
saseur ystu,, jenpya
-ipur ‘os uaaq "1ap1O,
aup ur uoRDUTy ;EUEy
ou saaias Aue] a2sI/y
aya "YUO} Os puke Youeas
-a1 ‘asuajap uaWninudar

ur a21peioads yoryan ‘sasnoyy

woppes ay ang ‘sa1saydord
s,prezim Uo ay) YaassonauUap] JYAC "wnTURWY puesHUayY
‘suoduia | siy Ut oztpeloads saueuorsta paconer asap ,{Utl [
Jo vas ay? UO SIaUTUTMS,, ‘s199s ‘s}aydorg :UOUTEIID) «
:S9SNO}{ JOULO} INO} Jo SUBUUTAL ay ae ,SI9xSTW,, SOW
spur Burdaa|g 205 sem ay
ur uodeam aaidas e Auepjaosipy ay2 ayew seapr mau Aya pue

sayo ay ay![UA, "ONDA
-o1d 10} 19p1Q a4p Paulo OYM ssapIsiNo YAM J9YIOH0 sasnopy
yoUNyap jo sI9quisu SuIALAINS ise] ay ss9YPeS eauE!]a2sIpy
q asnop] ‘sew porejazun jo aSeyquiasse assaatp ATYBIY Y

(Surueawap) 2qq>y
‘(Buryol) pops asnopy ‘a3podeSpopy ‘saipu ,ysnu, ‘Cuno
fo sapic :(saweu asnoy [enplarpul 03 UOTIppe UT) saWepY

WANUTIAISL(fS 29 ISNOY

pan nae ea (|Z


unified awareness of the past and future. This ecstatic
approach does not conform (to put it mildly) to
Hermetic doctrines of controlled power. Still,
the other Houses look on without interfer-
ence; with luck, they might notice something
the Criamon does that could aid their own
praxis research.

Style: Magickal styles within Ex Miscel-
lanea vary almost as much as the different
Tradition styles do. An Indian Criamon utters
the names of the seven Torments while tattoo-
ing a mystic symbol on her fingertips. An Israeli
Jerbiton prepares a high feast fixed with only
white foods served in bowls of white marble as part

ofan artistic peace ceremony. An English Merinita
inscribes the rune of Spiritual Water around a tree to
draw out a dryad. Anda German Verditius chants the
10 Orders of the Blessed and the 10 Spheres of the
World to infuse a ring with purifying powers. Ex Miscel-
lanea has almost as many styles as it has members.
Goals: Miscellaneous, of course. This House harbors

young radical scholars, fervent Rosicrucians and leftist
philosophers who fight their battles with pen and ink. The
only goals they all hold in common are following their own
Miscellanea's rights within the

praxes and preserving Ex
Order

: The Miscellany has no formal gov
|

groups within the House form Covenants or cabals, each

erning body and does not meet regularly. Like-mind

with its own rules and regulations. Leaders of these groups
can, with difficulty, gather the entire House to defend its
rights within the Order

Miskers communicate efficiently through an informal
but very serious "grapevine," using telepathy, spirit messengers,
and mundane means such as phones and Internet mailing lists
Other Hermetics may contecceny orall"mik wages" taoaghi
the Personnel Division... if they've got to time to wait

Initiation: Haphazard. Individual miskers sometimes re
cruit their own apprentices, but most simply take students
assigned to them by Personnel

Noraate Fisures

* Grimgroth (22-1210): Notable Jerbiton leader of
Mistridge Covenant in the Mythic Age. Master of air magick,
especially nautical air knots. Killed after betraying Mistridge

© Merinita (752-7982): Mighty 8th-century wizard and
founder of her eponymous House. Vanished circa 798; recent
sightings of Merinita in England have been reported but not
confirmed.

© Virgil Endrina (born 1410): Remarkable self-taught
mage who joined House Merinita after achieving Mastery on
his own. Now leads the small but respected Society of the
Esoteric Answer in Doissetep. Expert on Marauder magick;
sometimes called "unofficial ambassador to the fae."

* Geoffrey Twidmarch (born 1922): Contempo-
rary Merinita historian who recently attended a meeting of
mages and changelings in Great Britain.

he ee
House Frampeny

Names: House Ignis, Flame mages, Apromorians, Nukes
(joking)

NO Ail

Ifthe Traditions could be said tohave anuclear weapons
stockpile, it would be House Flambeau. Born from Crusader
flames in medieval Europe, Ignis retains its warlike passions
to this day. Modern Flame mages bow stiffly to the threat of

Paradox by practicing a subtler style of magick than their
predecessors, but they still threaten the Technocracy with
"Vis" (Essentia) and Materia magick and, just as importantly,
with unexcelled tactical cunning. Sent to trouble spots by
Tytalus strategists or Quaesitor judges, Flambeau mages form
the Order's strike team, its thin red line of defense.

Flambeau himself was a mysterious figure even in his
ownshort, brilliant life (760?-843). He probably belonged to
the Christian nobility on the Iberian peninsula. Together

with his teacher (whom Flambeau never named, a bizarre
and inexplicable omission), Flambeau waged war against
Moorish magi. When he lost his master and family to the
Moors, Flambeau turned his fire magick against other
wizards, incinerating almost 50 fellow magicians before
Maga Trianoma convinced him to join the Order of
Hermes. He formed his own House, dedicated to the study
of fire and destruction, and recruited many followers
before immolating himself in an apparent accident

Originally, Flambeau mages fell into two types: the
volatile and the vengeful. This division originated with
the founder's first two apprentices, Lucinda and Apromor
After the 17th century, volatile "Lucindan" fire mages who

ignored Paradox tended to blow themselves (and their

allies) to bits. Today, the more careful, persevering

\) [ | "Apromorian" mages, who practice tactics and plot
| delayed revenge, dominate House Flambeau

Philosophy: Flambeau preserves one of the

lesser tributary streams of Hermetic thought, Per

sian Zoroastrianism. (In the Sleeping world,

this philosophy survives among the Parsees of
northern India, but Flambeau espouses an
older, Westernized set of ideas, and Parsee
influence on the House is negligible.) In the
sharply dualistic Zoroastrian outlook, forces
of good (light/fire/inspiration) struggle con
stantly against evil (darkness/cold/reason)
The Flambeau mage customarily
adoptsas his Word the name of

a Persian god who embodies

the mage's chosen goal

rN Ahuramazda, the Lordof Wis-
dom; the Amesha Spentas, or

Immortal Holy Ones; or

, the genius of fire.
Through his praxis,

\\ the mage aspires to
( )\ incarnate the cho-

—— sen god within

himself. This union

\ with divinity represents

4 the Flambeau's Ascension.

Style: Flambeau mages hamess elemental spirits and the flames
oflgnis (the House term for ArsEssentiae, or Forces). In their Sancta,
they perform elaborate ceremonies of binding, shackling elementals
incarnelian-studded rods and pendants hung with fat heliotropes. In
the field, they release these forces with an eye toward coincidental
effect. Exploding gas mains, malfunctioning microwave ovens and
passing dynamite trucks — the best Flame mages move quickly
beyond these elementary stratagems. By employing nearby objects

— water heaters, paint fumes and even aerosol cans — these one-

time shock troops have become devious arsonists

Widely t
Flambeau members pick
up elements from many
magickal styles. The
more exotic, the better.

aveled,

One Canadian Flam-

beau found herself
plagued bya troublesome
hobgoblin, a steam imp.
To get rid of it, she
daubed red paint on her

earlobes and performed

IN

ceiling on advancement — though one, Master Ananiya
Divraniya, has risen to leadership of the House. She rides herd
on five other recalcitrant councilors, the cabal leaders, and her
fellow Primi by force of personality, wit and destructive power.
Most councilors gain office not through leadership skill, but
through political pull and devastating explosions. Their headlong
strategies, however, make Flambeau easy to manipulate. Since
most Apromorians follow a loyal "do or die" code, other, more
Machiavellian fellows find them useful weapons; hence, the nick
name "Tactical Nukes." Rough and aggressive by Hermetic
‘lam

standards, many
beau mages follow their
founder's example. By
preference, they meet in
Horizon Realms, where
they can blow up houses

or incinerate trees as the
fancy strikes them.
Initiation: Person-
nelforwardsnearly athird
of all candidate appren

tices to Flambeau,

Punjabi firedance. She
had to apply cold com-
pressesto her steam burns
for weeks afterward, but
she vanquished the hob-

because the House runs
through them at an ap-
palling rate. Likely
candidatesare firefighters
(job security!), demoli

goblin.

Goals: Flambeau's
goals magnify the rest of
the Order's: They want
revenge on the Tech-

nocracy, and they want
it now! During the so-

called Age of Reason,
Technocraticforebearshit
House Flambeau first and
hardest. Flambeau, whose
style had until then relied on
vulgar pyrotechnic displays, and
whose character couldn't easily admit
defeat, literally went up in flames. In 1585,
Flambeau mages of Covenant Vapeur hurled them-
selves against the walls of The Mitternacht Construct,
incinerating themselves as magickal oil spilled from ramparts and
clung to theirskin. Peasants mistook the burning mages fordemons
howling with unholy glee, and that night assaulted the remaining
Flambeau in their Sancta.

on all
Reason mages. Today, the House requires a solemn oath from

The few Flambeau who survived vowed reveng

each initiate to assist wholeheartedly in the Ascension War.
Most would love to destroy the current paradigm so they can go
back to using fireballs; as we know, they remain unsuccessful at
present. Perhaps this is fortunate.

Organization: House Flambeau harbors many of the Order's
most competitive mages, second only to Tytalus. To advance
within one of their six major cabals, House initiates rely on
frequent certamen challenges and a chauvinistic "old boy's
network." Female mages have a hard time breaking the glass

tionsexperts,soldiersand
physicists

In the initiation trial
(always an individual mis-
sion), the apprentice must
subvert or demolish a

minor Technocraticopera

tion. Successismeasured less
in annihilation than in cour-
age, creativity and discretion.
Onceinitiated, Flamemagestend
to have brief, though spectacular,
careers

Norngre Fisures

© William Castille (1427-1449): Headstrong but
talented Adept; he immolated himself in the Craftmasons'
ammunition store during second battle of Mistridg
major Reasoner casualties. Held up as an example of F
dedication (among other things...)

¢ Porthos Fitz-Empress (born 1410): Archmage, leader of
Drua'shi (Seekers of Truth) cabal and of Chantry Doissetep; by
common consent, the most powerful Tradition mage active today.

causing
ambeau

* Ananiya Divraniya (born 1945): Master, leader of the
House and of the Order of Sanguine Souls in Horizon, a
militaristic cabal dedicated to the Technocracy's destruction.
Rumored to have been a top operative in the Soviet govern-
ment. Holds doctoral degrees in nuclear physics and applied
mathematics. Speaks 10 languages.

* Mack Freeman (born 1960): Adept, young and impas-
sioned leader of the Society of the Case-Hardened Soul cabal in
Doissetep.

Footnote Three: Hermetic Houses 37

NYY

-Iped | UMO SHI WO} "49PAC BYR YIM Yearq 02 saatdse asnoyy sy
swi1e]> (snowuoUe UreUIaL |] OYA) aBeUr UNIO 2UG
s1INNSUOD IeII0UYDa | Woy sUapnas SuNOA
Sunesoq! utsaq uoos Aew Aaya ‘saonuaidde jo quaunInDa1
daissause ai0wl e suejd JeuNuO, PIO ay? UTYAA\ "suON
-nynsul yszeasag auOs pareayyur 2avy Aaup ang ‘[eod syyp ze9U
au, dayp Aes Aypaey ues aug "AoeoWNUUT SUPpoYs s>1y}qGnd
Burdaayg ays 1991109 09 Surdoy ‘uonesnpa d1\gnd Jo jo11U0>
syaas aeunyO4 asnopy ‘suuay o1ayens Uy :sTeoD
JPIO ay? oI!
saiepipues any djay ‘aouesoue sneway pedArayoue
ays Woy IUDIHIp os ‘S| Pfs JeID0s Hyp sdiysoonuasdde
40} savepipue> A}axt] Jods way sdjay yan] pos say],
‘aiayaduaaa Apieau oe} UL — soutsed ‘sadueyoxa
ypois ‘siaxtu ANISI9ATUN UT AjOOUS aAow Ady ‘9e]
-nuudoy are]N9]e9 pue sjoqusds radyaru warp djay
ley SWuaUNAsUT SULAUD ‘siadse jesTojosauNU
su UL UeIyouT YIM pue ‘siaquinu jo aSen3
-UR] ay YUM yom sau auNUOy :9]Aag
Aepoa sanunuod ey
seapt pue r9adsax jo apenn uado ue ueZaq pue
‘punosd uowtos Suni ‘siaquiaty s1wapere
MOU ay? pareiquia asnoyy styp *[OuNoD
ay) paiaiua sidapy jena, aya uay,y
"synsag Ayn], Jaaurua Aatp ‘ArurEUaD
un ajqionpaat siya Sunejndyuew Aq
fayeand2eUI SMO JayPIO ayp se astoaud
A1OW 9UO ay? dyPUL Or MOY Weal
(ay, "Bursar aanoatqo ysnosyp
ueyi sayied Autjeas spur aya
TYAN sjooud Buryaas ,,swajqord
paey,, asaya uo Ajasuaqut adadson
ul] hey papuru-tpew ‘sieeAy
aay Aq paping "A1oayp awed

pue saumoniis o1ursosiag
Adonua-ysty ‘erewoine
AepN|]a2 ‘sperseay ‘saaq
-wnu jequapuarsuen pue
auysues
wapow jo saripunjoid
aqp ur aoueping puy day yp
‘asnoyy aq pasidsur ey)
seapl onsteqqed) aya asou

-81 ney wapow Auey

sonewayIeU

"Apmas 40} santa

-nnioddo ssapua apraoid Ar0aya
soeyp pue sonewaypew sau ing
‘aning pue peaig sayy are ‘(sydes3
-oidAid JesuawNU YSnosp UOHe]aAa
autaip jo Apnas aya) emewa' pue ASojo
-1ouINU se YpNs ‘saouat9s yorshuy Ase] [OU "saAe]
Aq sade] ‘aszaarun ayp jo satuaisdur ay eq Jed pur sSurueau
sadaap ]]]28 s2A0oun sistqeqqeg) ‘sBuipuy asaxp Sunendiuew

Aq ‘sSurueaui ajdin uaa pue ajqnop wiaosip siejoyps paroaap

asay) "Yaquinu pue piom Aq saSessed yeoygig pue sipnuiye p

SauLIa} JO Jap1d, gE

Suneidiaiyy ‘syaquinu :asiaatun ayp jo uorod |jeuls e 1aa0 diys
-premays yam Buoye ‘Ayresary jenasaja9 stp] uryata ae]d paxy

v Aqtueuny Waals sey pos aartfaq sistTeqqer) :Aydosopryg
"ued ysen ayp ut paddoap asnf nod
urd apeuad aya Surpuyy 10} 10 ‘Aqqoy ayp syaqua JadUEWIOUY>? |
8 sv qsnf Joop JOWeAa]9 JeYR BuIso]> J0j Wayea [NPapuoMm v aay
[24S ‘puany aeunuoy e aaey 02 pood sdemye $1 Joao] [ea
ead & UG ‘aaesIpudg ayp ‘AWA JoINIg FIBWA Jaks GNU
WY Joy ‘pyom ay2 ur auodue uey. — suompery ay
uy auoAue UeYD JanIaq AaUOU Jo 1amod any ay spuEIsiap
aun aseunuo, ;x>13eur :Aarpeas suuoysueN eapr worueYyd
Yy 001 1 adao5e ypim ajdoad saxo mouy Aayp asneD
-aq ‘SaD1AJas puk Spood s9Y2 40} (JJAs11 UL ssajanyea)
aaded adaooe ajdoag "asixa Ayyenaze 10U saop 11 194 ‘941
s,yadaa|g Auaaa sadeys A[punojoid Aauow ‘Tye ayy
‘Jeyo!Bew pjasw st ssajayaauou ‘aoueae jeueg pue
$sb19 0 99UAXSIXa Jo YON SeINpad Yory™ ‘AaUOW JO

idoduo9 ayp IU sMoUy aseu UNO] A19Aq
(23 papmouy,
[le Jo uoNIsnbse ayp soy Uapms ayp ay pue
199]]91UI dtp aBund ued soneuaypeU ourAIC,,
suoseg JaZoy ‘uoseay jo saisey [eaalpaut
B aionb uayo ney ‘wuO} peg aq 01 sieII0U
-ypa | Joy 1adsaa sapisuo> soneuLo}{ IsOUr
yBnoyy ASojosounu pue Aydosourpue
‘AuvUSIUNU ‘eLneWAad ‘soneWayIeU
‘Aoay wnqUeNb jo Suipueasi9pun punoy
-oid ev Aojdwa Aay pur ssauisng say
st Aaypiqeqoag "11 aaejndruew Aaya Son]

uo Aja a,uop sa8ew aeunuog
sonewoypew pasueape jo siadse
d1aI0s9 aya ssedworua oy paua
-peoig sey Aydosopryd anistpeqqees
Jeurduo s,dnos ayy ‘uayp aouig
-asnop paspay-|]ny ese aeun0g
paawmpe Ajjewsoy 9¢6]
jo eunquy pues arp ‘ssao
-ons siyi JO asnedag "saleqap
jo sauias & ut seapt s,dnos3 ay

P

-d4-]]am pue ‘apedap ¥ 10}
paysunoy aaford sry ‘suet
-newayew sadaajg Suowe
qUaWaACU URaIOSeYAg mau
e paesedoid Aayp ‘sgz, aya ut

ayqnd sasiuatss paysads

£016] Ut dnoad aeunaog e papunoy
RaUR][AISIA XJ JO sustpeqqeey
"zapAQ aNd ay 40
sjidnd mau jo szoainazai yaryp aya au039q
avy sadew aunzo, ‘op ss1aua}{ 9y20 soul
uey) azo rey 4191908 1adaajs ur jaaen Asay) asnedag
‘AauOW pue yon] "Aarpqeqoad jo y>1Zew ayp azdjeue eeuMUEY
asno}] JO siaquiour ‘sasuas swt [JB UL aUMIOS Jo sia Iseyy
sisBojosaunyy ‘sisydosoumpuy
‘staoupuisnun yy "jon fo asnop ‘sasvu aunz.04 ‘nv :saurEnT

TUNTLUO ISTO
ee el A

y

tion and take control of the Council Seat of Entropy. Fortunae (says this
mage) views the Euthanatos Tradition as an aberrant band of
Nephandi-in-training who represent no authentic histori-
cal tradition (with a lower-case "t") of magick. "What
are they?" he asks. "Thuggee cultists? Hashishim?
Oh, please!" Despite this sentiment, some Fati
befriend certain Euthanatos who seem more

concerned with Fate than with body counts

Organization: Fortunae formerly prac-
ticed a rigid seniority system, a legacy of
Qabbalistic practice. But a new generation

of Fati Adepts, though paying lip service to
the elder Masters, has introduced a de facto
meritocracy. Those who publish the most
brilliant mathematical proofs attain high
status within the House. As a consequence,
they acquire prestigious quarters within the
House's Covenants, which almost all stand
near major universities worldwide. Highly re-
garded Fortune mages also receive invitations to
lecture at other Covenants. Celebrity among this
microscopic elect does not, in itself, make one
rich, but the House's mastery of fortune often does.
The older generation maintains its lines of com:
munication through the Personnel Division and, in
emergencies, through elaborate Correspondence rites.
Young Fati talk over the Internet, encoding their con-
versations and e-mail with advanced cryptographic
algorithms that baffle anyone short of a Virtual Adept.
Initiation: In their ceaseless search for recruits — or,
rather, in their constant fortunate discovery of likely candi
dates — Fortunae earmark mathematicians and physicists for
their own House. As in other Houses, candidates must pass
many rigorous tests of intellect and philosophy; Fortunae is
unusual in that candidates may progress at their own pace. Atthe
end of her training, an apprentice must decipher a cryptogram
that ordinarily requires years to solve. The candidate must ma-
nipulate the probability that she will guess its meaning correctly

Nornaze Fisures

* Proclus (circa 410-485 BCE): Proto-Fortunae magus,
born in Constantinople, educated in Alexandria and Athens;
became head of Plato's Academy, 385 BC
using arithmosophy (number magick). Influenced many schools

Yontrolled elementals

of arithmosophical thought in the centuries after his death

¢ Hassam al-Jadidi ibnu Faridi (1885-19832): Saudi
mathematician, mage of Ex Miscellanea; founder and first

Primus of Fortunae; responsible for the rise of
Neo-Pythagoreanism and the 1937 debates. Re-
tired 1944; given to long absences at intervals
thereafter; not seen since 1983, but not believe
dead.

© Stephen Landon Masters (born 1944):
mathematician, current Fortunae Primus.

* Marianne Walking Cloud (born 1963): Navajo cryptographer;
combined a love of mathematics with her native language to create

Cambridge

security codes that protect Sleeper and Hermetic institutions. Also consid-

ered an honorary Virtual Adept.

Footnote Three: Hermetic Houses 39


-padsax jadwooo sop
2p ayp utp sejndodun sauresstuef sayeur ANp
group yo unsind ui --aouasipip "sty topuayo stp ystund pue ase ayp
Akay 01 SIALUE UOOS JOUSIeN?) Y ,"AaeAOysip,, Jo suoHe]aAad asudans 10y
ut doxp uatp ‘ourastp e woy saizenb statp aaiasqo ‘sa[npayps seyn3au
mojo} Aaya ‘A1Y | "JPIO ayp Ut JUeUaAED Yea UstA ATesstUE|
Jo slaquiau ‘srousaengy ay woy jeaordde [eI>1YO YT AA :sTeoS)

-reajUN st sIOWINY asoUp PUTyag YPN ayp !drazas sty 0 sauTE

romod s1oyp ‘]]D

pooiquip) punog sey sjasuny reasnyy eUp pres say >y>1Sew aundg pue
San10,{ ‘PUY Yat ||PAS aveUTUNSUOD MoYs Alp ‘SUOISeIO areI Asay
UG AWauoddo Ue SuLMONp Jaisew OpHpE Ue ay] ‘{uOUIAZaD NOY
pue {pppinb a1 wuopad Aayp *1]p4s fex>HTew yo Aejdsip uado out pa10y
uy, ‘Uoneindar ajqepiunoy stay pue ¥per YRoows ‘sodnp ‘Soupe
ySnouyp ystduioooe sauesstue(yoidew yal adwane siayo wy ‘san
-pige stayp jeaouos o7 saad sew paddy-aysn asay_y :}4ag

409} B Yan diysuorued
SurAes OAR} Sauessiuel

-u09 0US! IY.
ay jo auQ)
Oya auOAUE prove or pu ‘9oyUIDeS }eUOSIAd

spaepueas asayi Jo Uoys s][ey

pue ouydiosip jo sprepueas
ayqissod asayaity aup pjoydn
1 a8vur ayp sazmnbaz yoopno
SIYL ULADOP JONsARNZ) (JO
DANBALAp ‘s1OIDeNAp Hyp Aes
‘pue) 01 sepruns ‘sorydosoyryd
jeuosiad— snouea —asnod
"So. sauuesstuef jenpLaipuy

JapaQarp jo uonsapadpue Awsa1
-Ul atp ajoud OF Yom satEsstue/
ayp ‘squapissip pur sords ano But
joo Ag auauONAUD parsopod
esauinbar ‘Aes Aap pasiay Dapied
01 9ya9s Oy snaUUIDEY y "sie

ayes Jo Aayssa90u ayp Apu ssojoud

{juado souessiuef aup ‘sump ye
ul aananag :Aydosopyg

-aotjod yaidas on2vf ap s,ap1O)
ayp auuosaq aaey souesstuel
ayy — Ayoqnd rou aseay ae — | ae
sanipiqisuodsor feuo} uaats

ey Aaypysnoy | [\ AC
ssaD9NS S,teISHY SLM S99
-ons soy pue ‘TeIaAas puno}
AdayL ‘sionenyyur ano Sunoos
01 SAMOTIO} SY] JS ay ‘SOULIA},
JO FOpPAO yD UNM OIsI9Agns
paraaoosipp,oysurutey5 sasnoupoy,

uaaquenaua

daiasstog] sty Ut sprypio ayp spuar ay se Apua

Ip se ousseng)
asnop{ Ul spudty BUNeANIND "apo ap UE aJor su asuEYD 01 WeBOG
ay UoOs pue ‘padualjeypun drysiapeay s.asnopy ay UO YOO? reasnyy
ZZ] WE aouemaddesip pavadxaun sty jaun AyTyPAS pue AjyeXoy

sannpsty ano pauzesay ‘peqes Aun sty puosaq aziss,asnop aup surge ua
Ur salut ou pamoys ay YSnoy J "snuL, e se axl] PaAoy 20UIq]

-Auessiuef asnopy paspay-jny atp ovr dnos® ypeuus ssomuaut
sty Sunowoud ut papoaoons ay {9/ | Uy [PAs Areas sty paypreu
aeyp |]! Jeontjod pomoys pue Awoua aup asureBe sassaoons oneWEp

SOUL} JO J2PIQ) Ob

Jeeaas papurunarsew apy "aureU ang ]]e Ul Japea] s,dno4s ayp auTeI9q,
Teasnyy ‘opedap & Afareg ur Ariseyy poulENe OY InAULDp] Sse
Asny y yf
pure ‘Teysnyy uos9eD ‘Mog uInopag Surstuioad e pares0] ay ‘pua styp
© "seap! Snaun] | aonDead 02 s1amojOy Sty Pasemooua pur ‘sasnop]
up uo uonezTueRLO s dnoxs s1y pajapowray ‘yng "Aydosopyd naWAL
(pun zey]eyun pourewias 129u1G] APmod pue Suruund ysnoy |

n passedins uoos quapnig ‘aonuaidde ue se wy pauren

-uonper asnne ayp 01 Suojaq 01 payjutp ‘Aypeys
pandaose sour] "vaueypaosipy xq Ut drysiaquiaut jo 1aYO peUn0y
B Watp papuarxa sau} JO J9pAO up (9121) AA"NL_ UL NSUOD,
Bepnjy) axp pareajap siamoyjoy saouig sayy "suomipery ayp wos
uonuane Masp Uoseay Jo J9pAO ayp AsUTEe sassaoons s,dno1s ay |
sq[Pys Arearjru pur sonoe apneq jo sraypear se way padojdua pur
yoruedwios aum-auo s J20uIG ‘SUTeWOp sUEI]Ns ap UTI stay

panssou dnos8 ay J ‘uorutwop sneI0UY>a J 02
pasoddo yeqeo rasD9s v "(paztpeatdes) souesstuel
ayp se diysiapeay s,taourg sapun porn Ayeuuoy
saliewr asap ‘E¢)] UT "UoseaY JO JAPIO ay
4g, padonsap seqa Jo sion

Alains ajos ayy) — tuneg pue
sonauuap Ajueurid ‘feraaas
puno} saduiq] ‘sadeur saxo
jo ypeas ur eiseing jenuas
pojaaen Aaypaperop SuiMo]]0}
ay? UI pue ‘sJOsuOD sty 9UIED9q
suoruedwioo sip] "puejawoy sty
01 pay pur sprens moray jeraaas

quim padeoso zouicy ‘897 Aye
siy ur ueydig ue se Suruayeay
Syesdeqyy s09uIc] sea spaeni
Jenuanyut asoyp jo 2uQ

-saoejed sueans ay
uni mod jesnjod pawns
-se Ayjemuaaa sauessiuel ay
<Aaedo] ayqeyeysun pur sopea
aoya 40} pareay "sioLuEN
snureysy feAo] se way Surster
uoya ‘soruaua uensuys
aay) Woy UaIppYyP eur
Burzi,
sour paumudar snp ayy
"suey]ns YsryNy UeWONG
yp Jo spreng anja arom (pazt
-Jendeoun) sauesstuef peursi0
ayp ‘sauorsty sadaayg. uy

‘aoaoy Aq sauresstuef

-eioursed ayy e uey
auow pur asuaradwo soda yim ajoustep syqyyry Aresstue( asnop yal
-n99s [ewa UT Uo AUOUd Yysty 22"]d ssnaWLAL "uoIDIdsns aatseazod
jo araydsoune stip Uy "rapeat atp 01 asio1axa ue se ya} are suONejad
JY WUBUIAOD & UTYPM speqed ayp JO} se ‘sNULY S11 JO JOAy aU JOY
pue saounosar 10} sajaduto9 asnopy & UIELAL IUEUDAED YDeA ‘sasnoF]
jeu Aq parsanauew-ino Ajeontod Suraq ploae 01 sau asnopy
ypea ‘suontpery_ apasoy Aq papunouns ‘autos jo uorundo ayp ut ‘st
SAUL} JOJapAC ap ‘sarwaua Aq papunounsare suonpes | ay |.

(-watppunoresiypasna,uop) sussnss0/‘saupsstun ‘uupsrun] saute A

KUUSSLNUC 3500}

lWA


Apart from policing their peers, the Janissaries' expressed goals include toppling several
NWO Regional Headquarters. In the
meantime, they settle for weakening
the Convention's outposts. Detrac-
tors insinuate that the Janissaries
coerce Orphans and non-Her-
metic Tradition mages into
serviceastheirexpendablesol-
diers and spies. If this
accusation is true, the prac-
tice (forbidden in Doissetep)
would draw stem punishment
from the Covenant's Deacons,
and possibly even froma Tribu-
nal.

Organization: In theory,
the House comprises only a
small cabal in Doissetep and a
few anonymous free agents. Ru-
mor, however, insists that
several mages or consors in ev-
ery House pledge secret fealty

to this one.
Caeron Mustai leads and the

rest follow: The Janissaries (at least

the Doissetep cabal) are essentially a

dictatorship. Outside the supreme
Channy, individual agents appar-
ently pursuetheirownagendas, with
advice and approval from Mustai's
underlings

Init The

Janissaries accept appren-

tices from secret political
organizations in the Sleep-
ing world; the length and
details of the initiation process are unknown out-

side the House.

Norngte Fisures
© Dincer Albayrak (1682-1822?): Formed

the Janissaries in the early 1700s. Though he never

mastered the full range of Hermetic scholarship,
Albayrak had tremendous magickal gifts and
a potent Avatar. His command of the Art
grew until the early 1800s, when he myste-

riously disappeared while taking his student,
"aeron Mustai, on a visit to the Regnum
Essentiae.
© Caeron Mustai (born 17852): Current Primus of the Janissaries. Elegant,
self-aware and eternally ambitious, Mustai is a rising power within Doissetep. He

occasionally expresses his disappointment at the Covenant's "lack of aggressive

thinking" and wants to carry the Ascension War directly to the Technocracy
© Robin Herod (born 1939): A former Verbena, Robin joined the

Order two years ago. Since then, he has established himself as a consummate

diplomat, especially with other Traditions.

© Geneva Bye (born 1960): The only other Master in the House. Her
beauty, skill and ruthlessness make her useful in Mustai's many plans. Just as
often, however, she seems to have plans of her own.

Footnote Three: Hermetic Houses 41

Y
,

House Quresior

Names: Quaesitors, Judges, Praetor(e)s, Magistrati, House
of Judges, Ma'ati (archaic), Bulldogs (slang)

The Quaesitors do not actually run the Order of Hermes,
but they decide who does. They cannot enact their own desires
unopposed, but can prevent others from doing so. Ina Tradition
concerned above all with power, House Quaesitor commands
one of the greatest powers: that of judg-

940, the Quaesitors (to no one's surprise) ruled that the scrolls
were fraudulentand burned them. Ashamed to this day by these
scandals, modern Quaesitors strive for vigilance and fairness.
Philosophy: Quaesitors regard the Tellurian's physical
laws, Hermetic ritual and the Code of Hermes alike as manife:
tations of divine order. The universe is fundamentally just. The
law represents an ideal attunement to

ment. Magistrati are the Order's
lawyers and judges, masters of
the arcane codes and regula-
tions of this most arcane
Tradition. And they
take that legacy seri-
ously.

Every Hermetic Cov-
falls under a
Quaesitor's jurisdiction; she

enant

oversees its Tribunals,
judges internal disputesand
interprets the Code of
Hermes. The Quaesitor
does not usually reside on
site, but lives within aday's
journey. In emergencies,
she can reach the Cov-
enant at once using Ars
Conjunctionis. Ifneed be,
she's both judge and
executioner: Many
Quaesitors command
powerful destructive
magicks. The dreaded
Gilgul Rite, which
shreds the victim's Ava-
tar, is a Quaesitor
invention and remains
its province to dispense.
House Quaesitor's
official name (never

used in practice) is
Guernicus, after the sar-

donic magus who founded
it. When Magus Trianoma

the cosmos, to which imperfect mor-
tals cleave in varying degrees. If
the law changes, it reflects a
change in the cosmos or a
mistake by the mortals
interpreting it
Style: Quaesitors use
Ars Conjunctionis to catch
suspects (although they of-
ten employ Flambeau mages
to do the actual dirty work)
and Ars Mentis to read their
motivations. Their instru
ments include blindfolds,
scales (of justice), gavels,
handcuffs and iron bars
The House advises its

members to avoid "en-

tanglements" such as

marriage or children; such

relationships leave a mage
open to blackmail or
worse. Few Quaesitors
keep so much as a famil
iar. It's a lonely lot

To offset that loneli
ness, perhaps, the Judges
group
magick. The fearsome
Gilgul Rite, performed by
six Masters together, is
their trademark. An-
other spell, the Oath of
Truth, is a Hermetic ver-
sion of the ancient geas. The
victim must take or avoid a

specialize in

sy Guernicus

organized the Hous:
claimed the whole thing would soon collapse from infight-

ing. Eventually, Trianoma convinced Guernicus to establish a
House to enforce the Order's laws. For centuries, the House was
well-respected by most, feared by others (who sometimes whis-
pered the word "Inquisition"), but it did its job — with occasional
missteps.

When House Tremere maneuvered to destroy House
Dfedne during the Schism War (1003-12 CE), Quaesitor rallied
tothe questionable side. Other accusations include the "Duresca
scrolls" affair. These documents, purportedly by Guernicus,
outlined a plan to dominate the Order and then the world. In

42 Order of Hermes

stated action, on pain of death. In
1593, a Quaesitor Tribunal compelled Duke Cornelius de
Houtmann to take this Oath, in punishment for destroying a
Talisman belonging to the visiting Sultan of Kashan. De
Houtmann was sentenced to locate the fabled Jeweled Moon of
Pejeng and bring it to the Judges, who would give it to the
Sultan in a public ceremony. Sailing to the Moluccas, de
Houtmann found the Moon but refused to deliver it to the
Quaesitors; thus, he died in agony. No one knows why he kept
the Jeweled Moon, not what became of it.
Goals: House Quaesitor maintains order in the Order, and
roots out corruption in the Tradition — and, increasingly,


COLES

is Sasno}{ WNeUap{ :2ay J 330UI004

-uonriaidiaqut
puke 1eW0y Wapou aiow e OIU! sapo> WaWLa}]
aiepdn 02 yUaWaAOW ay2 SuIpery sapesMaD :(€96T
wig) yDAmpaepy ,,snydAsig atuuy,, euuy «

"auuoqien 2 Sunysy
a]!Ym pay]! ‘suorueduso> sty soy puey WaAa ue paprA
-oad aqUOPYNG sAIseWY "JAPA apsurs e or! sasnopy
Je Bunun pasoddo ay ySnoyp ‘yeqea asiy aya 01
anrequasaiday (02 T-OOFT) AUOWNG SNOT
saye] syauoUl
May e Ajsnouarsdw parp stypeseg ‘winrar sey Uodn
souesstuefayp quia zejndoduy ‘uoz0p ul sauesstue fay
jo Suneasun ayp or Surpeay ‘9¢7 | Ul auTN Jo pouNoD ayy
02 UORBULOyUI JeIONID paplaoad OyM JAE JONsIVNC)
famuas-yag] (9E2I-z) snsoydg jo styppaseg «
[NB]ID Jo z9s9A09s1p pure
ssonsaend) ayp jo 1apunog :(99OT-OEZ) SNITWIANG «

SRUNDL{ TTAULON

jemi dnoai (pazeay pue) pawey s,9snopy aya Suruseay
uldaq pure sayenrur awosaq Ajaaenbape suonsanb qye 4amsue

Oya stuapnig "4ead Joy OUR Joy UTED IsNUI UONsaNb Uo UDAd
ssi OM SUApNag "skessa |]e Sapnf sorserg y "AupeIOW sno

-ngiquie Jo suonenis JesnaypodAy Suiquosap suonsanb Avssa

yooq
ME] YIM sdep aaayp 40} WOO IYSHUTE Ue UL pax90] st TUapNas
yt , (PALS YL, ‘UORAUT Jo 1892 Pjo-satanUaD ay? Jog ‘SILA
ua aas 40) ve] SoU} ApMas pue Urea ATpensn saonUuadddy

QO] Jamsue asnur ays ‘agay_y "-zaIeM JO Poo} NOY ING

suoIsioap papuno-[}am 40} IuAyeI & ue SUgeY shoIpmas
‘aysisur punojord smoys arepipued jeap! ay] "worshs [ea] auep

aunty aya woy s9onuaadde simspei asnop] ayy :uORe

1]
"saguaiuas [ended aindaxo pu ‘satu! UF leads ‘ssausnq
asnop{ Pajosas 01 A[yBUOW IEW HeNsIFeyY YI aay, "AuLUDD,
SueBiinig ur asnoyznod e st JUeUAAGD sOISaENg Jedioutd ay.
JoquINU AYA WoY sNrENsIsey] MAU e ID9] sIOIBeLg
aya ‘suado jeunqu y sitp wo wag v UaY A ‘S121PIAA JONSaENgy
|] 20} Jeadde ase] jo nod pue peunqu | auaidng s,asnoy]
DY? SB AAIAS NDUSHIDYY UPA "SIOUSAENS) INO} 10 aartp das

-19A0 Aljensn Aatp ‘suoiapig se UMOUY A]]eWWOY az aasBap
idapy Jo siaquiayy "qUeUaA0D as0UL JO duo sIOAsTUTUpE
ypea Lionsapngy jo uonisod aya poy sarenruy "Aauoruas
JO sapead aay saziudoa1 asnopy ay| suORezTURsI—E)
Sunsazaqut "*yeungu | puerD xau ayp ayeu
01 sastwioad aansnf uormpes J -sso19 jo ansst anu ay J ‘asuods
-a1 U} aduayjeyd uauip1a> ve pansst adpnf aya ‘qa, [eU3IG
dy2 UL Jem awEY ev 02 JoNsaENZ) ay? pasuarpeYyD (saBzeyp |]e Jo
paea]> sa1e] Sem OYA) 19zZMO/\ "UMOP PauNg JazMo/K JOZMOg
idapy jenut, 01 Suuojaq wuawarede orpmas ayy uaym iuasaid
diam soSeur neaquiejy jo wear axis eB pue JONSaENe) asnop
jo soiaerg e yeUp aarBe [Je ing ‘92mNos ayp 01 Surps0dIe Auwa sUaAa
Buinsug ‘sidapy ayp Suoure eID Hay O7 aouUaprAd ayp Buoye
ssed 01 sapnf ay pasinbaz jooo.o1d aures yey] "sonsaeNzy asnopy
01 sip paurodar aSeur ay ‘jooo10id sad sy -sidapy jena, atp Suowe
uosean jo auaptad paule]> IonsuoD x UOHeIaI] Ue SuAOUUODaL
apy ‘Bry asnopy jo ayenrur paweuun ue ‘ase> Uasa1 auO UT

"sang worsta sty)
saWNaUog "sUOIIpe | J9yI0 puke Japsd INO UadaAdag saPUNOG ay ss0I9e
pear uayo sionsaeng) ‘sards se:90UYDA | 105 yoteas snOIOSIA say UT "11 pPuodaq

FENG ||

NG Gl
House SHAeA

Names: Shaea, Serket, Sesmu, Seshati, House of Seshat,
House of the Crescent Moon

Both the youngest and oldest House, Shaea embraces
many opposites. Its history stretches back to the ancient Thothian
cult. In the Order, the cult's founder, Djhowtey, gets all the attention,
but an equally interesting offshoot was long ignored: the Cult of
Seshat, wife of Djhowtey and goddess of writing. Two thousand
years before the Common Era, Kemit literature venerated her as
"She who is Foremost in the House of Books." Today her House,
composed mainly of women, continues her mission

The Seshati fulfill a neglected but vital (and subtly powerful)
function: They are the Order's historians, the guardians of writing as
magick, Logos, creation, civilization and knowledge. Fluent in all major
languages, living and dead, in all dialects, in all scripts, they keep records,
make books, bind scrolls. Most important, the Seshati master our Order's
secret language: Enochian.

The Cult of Seshat grew into a religion called Seshetat that spread
Egypt. After Christianity arrived,
Seshetat dwindled into an arcane mystickal order, the Seshati, based in
Egypt, northern Africa and Turkey. In later centuries, they taught
literacy in many different cultures and wrote influential occult histories.

west and northwest from ancient

During the Crusades and later witch trials, the Seshati were persecuted
almost to extinction by Christians and Muslims alike. Seeking protection,
High Priestess Fatima Baijani of Sesmu petitioned the Order for member-
ship (1412). The Council granted the Seshati protection in Ex
Miscellanea, but the relationship was notably standoffish until 1982,
when they finally decided to break away from the Order. Many
influential Hermetics, however, had grown dependent on the Cres

cent Moon for its linguistic expertise and historical research. To
protect this resource, the Order formally offered the Seshati full
standing as a House, a move which angered many other Houses in Ex
Miscellanea and remains a sore point today. The Seshati accepted, of

, derives from an ancient Egyptian term

course; the House name, Shae
meaning "auspice."

Shaea is more mystickal and secretive than many other Houses, and in
the Order of Hermes that says a lot. Historically, Seshati have rarely joined
cabals outside their own tight-knit group. This insularity, fueled by outside
disrespect for scribes in general and women in particular, has subsided in
recent years. These days, adventurous Shaea initiates join multi-House and
even multi-Tradition cabals, supposedly to gather information, but more
likely to enjoy respites from study

Philosophy: The Shaea value many polarities: intuition
and reason, impermanence and permanence, the passive
and the powerfully aggressive. To a Seshati, the only way
to understand the Tellurian's polarities is to understand
herself as part of them, as a link that she can follow up
the chain of power to the gods. Thus, a Seshati's Name
is a derivative of one of God's many names; only the

Ascended, as they say, know all of God's true Names.
Style: With its ancient Egyptian flavor, the magick

of House Seshat emphasizes naming and incantations,
usually spoken in Pharaonic Egyptian ot Enochian. A
language mage's Word describes herself, the essence of
her Avatar. It becomes her Name, ot one of them; with
experience, she discovers other Names, from which


she derives magickal power. As the god Khepera relates in the
Papyrus of Nesi-Amsu, "I uttered my own Name
evolved myself out of the primeval matter."

and thus |

Shaea occasionally bind evil (which they may name Tutu,
Apep, Hau-hra, Hemhemti, Qetu, Amam, Saatetta, or Sekhem-
hra) to have it serve good. Sometimes they inscribe the air with
glowing hieroglyphics, or scribble a name on a small piece of
vellum and swallow it, making the name a part of them. Young
Seshati also rely heavily on amulets inscribed with protective
honorifics in many languages. They're well-known for their
affinity with cats, and keep old pacts with the Bubasti Bastet

On auspicious occasions,

when the moon and stars
are correctly aligned,
the Seshati perform
magickal ceremonies
led by their High

These

ceremonies may in-

Priestess.

volve protection,
aggression, initia-
tion or even
fertility. Some rites
summon the Ava-
Seshat
herself, which sup-

tar of

posedly appears a
black panther with
glowing eyes, or as
1 huge falcon
Goals: For
centuries, the
Shaea have hated

the Technocracy,
which they refer to
as Apep, after the
Egyptian monster. In
the Seshati view, Tech-
nocrats have failed to pass on
the wonders of education, substi-
tuting laziness for learning. To
counter Apep, these mages encourage
school reform or teach Sleepers themselves,
- and the

opening their eyes to the magick
power — of learning. Along the way, they've
undermined Technocratic efforts in the National

Educational Bureau in W

shington and London's Bu-

reau of Educational Reform by exposing scandals — real and
invented — among the NWO "reeducaters" stationed there.

Organization: The High Priestess — currently Archmage
Maraksha Kashaf — guards the inner Sanctum of the House of
Books (called the Hall of Khesef-hra-khemiu), offers counsel
and leads major ceremonies. The Keepers, a rotating group of

elders, test the High Priestess every week forsigns of corruption;
it's vital that she remain loyal to Shaea, for she protects the

IN

sacred genealogies. In turn, the House meets once a month to
test the Elder Council

Within this small House, attitudes toward more inexperi
enced mages are very open —a point that other Houses might

do well to note. Elder mages listen to younger mages attentively

and carry their concerns to council meetings with the High
Priestess.

Initiation: Shaea are usually female scholars of language,
the written arts and

syptian lore. Apprenticeship lasts years,

as would-be mages learn Enochian and at least seven other
languages (usually Arabic, Egyptian, Greek, Hebrew, Latin,

Sanskrit and Farsi). Recruits
learn about Seshat, Egypt,

bookbinding, preserva

tion and so forth, and
mark initiation by
composing a_per-
sonal Book of
Names, lists of
Names useful in
controlling people
and things. To out-
siders, these mages
seem sedate and
worthless; as any
Hermetic knows,
however, one dares
never underesti-
mate the holder of
a Name.

Norngze
Figures

¢ Isis Samshen
(birth and death un-
known):
mystick, founder of the
Shaea circa 3500 BCE; her
"Isis of Eternal

Legendary

name means
Unity

* Donatia of Alexandria (368-
389): Sleeper martyr venerated in House
histories, consor to the Seshati in Alexandria;

burnt alive while heroically rescuing scrolls from
the burning Library

* Maraksha Kashaf (born 18202): Founder of the
modern Shaea. Over 170 years old, Kashaf knows 26
languages, has 14 daughters (some on the Elder Council) and

has twice prevented "Apep" from destroying the House of

Books.

Lucian Dark (born 19522): Noted scholar; his works on
the Verbena, Dreamspeakers and Otherworlds have become
standard reference within the Order.

Footnote Three: Hermetic Houses 45

Ni

IE SZ

NO? Ail

WN

House Tye

Names: Thigs, Crucible of Thig, The Children, Hitler Youth
(derogatory)

A young House of techno-Hermetics who channel their
Art through modern technology, Thig has rather unexpectedly
become the Order's intelligence agency. Though these Ruby
Children (so named for their principal cabal) lack raw strength,
they have an uncanny ability to divine the Technocracy's goals
and movements which makes them invaluable spies... and,
unfortunately, objects of suspicion within the Order

Based in Manches-
ter, England, Thig
originated in 1762,
founded by Joseph

By the time Ryelander split with his own House in 1877,
Thig had lost both American cabals to enemy attacks. The
original Ruby Children retreated to Doissetep under the
Janissaries' protective wing and became the Order's spies and
underground messengers, a role that continues to this day
While reestablishing their lost mystery sects across the United
States, the inquisitive Children befriended the early Sons of
Ether and Virtual Adepts. When both groups eventually de-
fected, Thig swept Janissary (and later Fortunae) behind the
new Traditions. This
move guaranteed
House Thiga new lease

on life — and the end

less gratitude of the

Ryelander, an Adept-
level Orphan. After 42

Etherites and Adepts.
With it, the Children

years leading a Sleeper
mystery sect based on Her-
metic theory, Ryelander
applied for membership in
the Order under the name
"The Ruby Children." At
this point, his group com-
prised only a tiny cabal of
occult-oriented Orphans
petitioning for protection
The Council stuffed them
into Ex Miscel
immediately forgot about

nea and

them.
Over the next cen-
tury, Ryelander founded

cemented their place as
the Hermetic masters of
tick a
place that grows more
valuable each day

technom:

Philosophy: Thigs
their Arts
through modern tech

channel

nology; however, as
befits Hermetic doc
trine, the Children are
less interested in the
scientific principles be
hind these devices than
in technology'ssymbolic
role in human society

twosimilarcabals, one (Em-

erald Children) — in
Providence, Rhode Island, the
other (Diamond Children) in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The
"Children" motif refers to Ryelander's be-
lief that all magicians are children tinkering
with the works of God. During the occult revival in
late 19th-Century America, both cabals spawned Sleeper
chapters that crept gradually across the country
Meanwhile, the Ruby Children risked themselves on re-
connaissance and sabotage missions for their allies the
Janissaries — and waded into deep political waters. In 1846,
after the Children had uncovered or damaged a dozen covert
Technocratic operations, Master Caeron Mustai, bani Janissary,
spoke eloquently in their favor at the Grand Tribunal. Thanks
tohis weighty political support, the Council granted Ryelander's
three cabals full recognition as House Thig, an Enochian name
." The move sparked
outrage among other Ex Miscellanea mages, as House Shaea's

that means both "children" and "vengeance

promotion would a century later; Thig laid low and waited for
their critics to forget.

46 Order of Hermes

a significance few Virtual

mages or Etherites under-
stand.

On a mundane level, the
Children seem to practice a social
philosophy of "don't get mad, get even."
Like many regulars in the Usenet newsgroups
they obsessively surf, Thigs can carry a grudge for
decades. If you offend one of them, be sure that somehow,
sooner or later, he'll get you,

Style: Thig magick uses low-level Hermetic formulae, the
sort to which the Order of the Golden Dawn aspired. The
Children, however, recast these routine workings in modern

garb, revealing their deep understanding (and subversion) of
Technocratic society. Older Houses still cast magick of Earth,
Air, Water and Fire; Thigs prefer the world's modern elements:
Cars, Concepts, Plastic and Television.

This understanding isn't merely academic; Thigs under-

stand modern elemental spirits in ways few shamans

comprehend. The pacts they've forged with Glass, Steel and

Net spirits enable them to keep ties on troublesome rivals —


including, it is said, Hermetic ones. Combining ageless symbols
with modern machines, the Children study Artes Mentis and
Essentiae like their Janissary counterparts but give old Arts
bewildering new directions. Most Thigs find occultism (both
real lore and the diluted Sleeper versions) fascinating; the House
as a whole maintains a network of Sleeper sects with which it

trades mystical secrets.

Goals: Thig's known goals include gaining a seat among the
Deacons of Doissetep; the House's young leaders will have to grow
peach fuzz first. Adamant enemies of the Technocracy, the Children
focus their vengeful hatred on the Technocratic Construct ComNet
International (based in Burlington, MA, with offices in London). The
source of their grudge is unclear, but seems to involve

Avatar experiments on unwilling victims.

Organization: United as they may seem united,
Thigs do not operate unanimously. Strong politi-
cal undercurrents — often generated by House
Janissary, the Etherites or Virtual Adepts — tug
various cliques this way, then that. These cliques
form goals by default rather than by decision. A
leader emerges — usually whoever's "coolest," knows
the most Janissaries, can recite the most Paracelsus, and has
the best complexion. (Unlike the Hollow Ones, Thigs don't
fancy themselves tragically hip; rather, they're "nerdy," stu-
dious and maniacally focused on learning new magick.) The
leader voices his opinion, and the rest of the cabal supports him
by default. Note, though, that leadership sometimes changes
almost month to month

The current head of Doissetep's Ruby Children cabal is an
uneasy youth named Altimeas Cowling. A recent split left Sharad
nerald

Idren, leader of the revived E

Osei, formerly of the Ruby
Children in Providence, while Beulah Frith left the House to restart the
Diamonds in Pennsylvania.

Initiation: Thig finds its initiates primarily among Janissary rejects
and Technocracy shock patients who Awoke during treatment. All
three cabals admit other Tradition mages, so long as the applicants
renounce all previous affiliations.

Thig initiates study vigorously to keep up with their peers. It's
considered "uncool" not to know the latest occult theories and predictions.
After an unspecified time — highly dependent upon the candidate's
a mission to steal information from a
andidates become initiates if they complete the
mission without compromising the secrecy of the Crucible

Nornate Fisures
* Joseph Ryelander (1736-1954): Founder of the Ruby Children and House Thig;

later disavowed connections with Thig and joined the Janissaries. Killed by HIT Marks
in October, 1954.

© Sharad Osei (born 1965): Charismatic current leader of the Providence Children.
sinated if he keeps threatening to expose the Ruby

sponsor — the candidate underta

well-guarded Technocratic site.

Some predict he'll soon be
Children's activities in Doissetep.

* Beulah Frith (born 1969): Leader (and, at this writing, sole Awakened member) of
Philadelphia's Diamond Children. Secretive, cunning young Adept with many connections
among America's minority underclass.

* Altimeas Cowling (born 1979): Current leader of Doissetep's Ruby Children
cabal. Tightly wound, notoriously vengeful young man with close ties to Master Geneva
Bye, bani Janissary.


NO Ail

House Tytars

Names: Tytalans, Tytali, Followers of Tytalus, Generals,
Majordomos, Caesars (slang), Red Breeches (origin obscure)
The most aggressive magus in Mythic Europe, Master Tytalus
issued certémen challenges against nearly every willworker he met
He believed ina form of magickal evolution whereby the mage adapts
and grows by facing challenges. To an extent, Tytalus's evolutionary
theory has influenced the entire Order, but it rules unchallenged
(so to speak) in the House that bears his name. Through
constant struggle, mages of House Tytalus grow tough and
alert, honingtheirconsiderable gifts forstrategic think-
ing. These qualities have made the Tytali
the natural generals of the Order, the

masterminds of our Tradition's war

House from dissolution. Today, Tytalus courage and stratagems
have won the wary favor of the other Houses.

Philosophy: Tytalan doctrine has evolved toward that of
the Sleeper philosopher-madman, Friedrich Nietzsche: "That
which does not destroy me makes me stronger." Personal
Ascension comes only through relentless effort and discipline.
In a world of enemies, self-reliance is paramount. Without
constant vigilance, one's strength can falter at any time.

Other failures result.
Style: The Followers of Tytalus rely on inner
strength. In personal combat, they preferto
work silently. Loud chants and

battlecries are not for them; rather,

against the Technocracy.
This favor is a recent
thing; in the past, Tytali

they honorably challenge an ad-
versary, flood his thoughts
with Ars Mentis, then

were mainly trouble-
makers. In the 10th
century, the Order

move in physically,
shapechanging to
growclaws, wingsand

discovered that the
Prima and two other

the like. Tytali favorall
kinds _ of
magicks, but avoid deal-

Hermetic

leaders of House Tytalus
(along with numerous
cticed di-

followers) py

abolism. The leaders were
burned at the stake,and the
rest were officially Re-
nounced. That stigma pains

them even today; Hermetics
don't speak of Tytalan diabo-
lism unless they want a

certémen challenge. Another
scandal links Tytalus with the
massasa (vampires) of Tremere.
This House opposed Tremere's

Interdiction, and opened itself

to suspicion by doing so. Master
Baldric LaSalle, founder of the
Council to which we belong, re-

ing with spirits
ArsMentisis Tytalis'
favored Art; if they can
control the mind, all else
will follow. Naturally, Vis,
Animaand Essentia magicks
make good backups when
subtlety fails. Most Tytali
study military doctrine with
the same fervor they bring to
magickal study. To learn new
tactics, they mix freely among
other Traditions (when allowed
to), incorporating their methods
into new strategies

Goals: The main Tytali goal

sisted this trend, but wound up

despised as a "weakling" by many

is perfection through challenge.
Nowadays, such challenges involve
well-planned assaults on Techno-

fellows of his House, who preferred
more warlike

This situation prevailed until
Victorian times. Then Master Aram
Marangoudakis, a young Tytalan
leader — very nearly the last young

leader the House has seen — persuaded his House to refocus
(Given the Tytalan culture, one may guess his method of "persu:
sion.") Marangoudakis, a Greek captain before his Awakening,
reinterpreted Tytalan doctrine toemphasize challengesnot against

one's peers, but against the enemy. Given the rise of the Order of
Reason, his fellow Tytali agreed. Since then, military strategy has
provided them with a focus; their cunning victories saved the

48 Order of Hermes

cratic strongholds. The House's

long-term goal is to prepare other

Hermetics and Tradition mages for

the inevitable Reckoning, when the

Traditions defy the Technocracy (and
other rivals) in open combat.

Perhaps this explains why Tytali still associate with massasa.
Every Hermetic knows the powers of vampiric blood; to a
Tytalan, an alliance with the massasa provides vital resources
Or perhaps the massasa just give them a good challenge. In any
case, some Tytalans make open cases for renewed ties with
House Tremere. At the moment, such speeches do the House
more harm than good.


IRD

Organization: Tytalus still commands influence within the Order, and its strategic planning has
proven essential to the Ascension War. Still, the House shrinks by the decade as its aging members
gradually challenge one another into

The Caesars today consists of a fraternal order of four cabals who call themselves
"The Followers of Tytalus." In matters that concern all four cabals, the leaders tally
the votes of the entire membership, and the majority wins. One cabal resides in

austion.

of Fudarus in Boulogne, France, the others in Bombay and Tehran) support the
Doissetep cabal's efforts to undermine the Janissaries. If the Tytali continue to
dwindle, a major obstacle to Janissary domination of Doissetep may soon vanish

ll SX ZN

Initiation: Tytalus initiates are few nowadays, simply because apprentice-
ship is so disagreeable. Many drop out because they can't stand the rigors
of Tytalan mentorship: their masters test them constantly — in the
middle of the night, during meal:
is sacrosanct, because "you never know when the enemy will attack

when they're making love... nothing

The first lesson every Tytalus apprentice learns is that if you
defeat your master, you can make new rules; the second is that you
must challenge your master openly; the third, that you aren't
limited to the methods she has taught you. Consequently,
experienced initiates seek additional mentors, sometimes
outside the House and even outside the Tradition.

A candidate's final test is usually certémen against
his master, although some masters pit their students
against an Umbrood or captured Technocrat. Nothing
is off limits, and the student should expect surprises.

Nornaze Fisures

¢ Tytalus (7402-807 CE):
Founder of the House. Once, an oppo-
nent of the Order, later its most fervent
recruiter. Tytalus vanished in 807 CE,
when he challenged the Queen of the Faeries
in the Maddenhofen Woods (Germany).
¢ Baldric LaSalle (1393-1491):
Founder of the Council of Nine Mystick

Traditions. Master LaSalle overcame his

aggressive nature to unify warring fac-
‘tions — a real challenge, given the
hatred between magi, Church and witches
Killed duringcertémen with anotherTytali;
buried in Horizon
* Getulio Vargas Sao Cristavao (born
1601): Brazilian Archmage and longtime
Council representative. Recently exposed

as a spy for the Janissaries (and possibly
other parties as well), his position on the
Council hasbeen challenged and suspended
pending investigation by Quaesitors.

* Aram Marangoudakis (born 1712):
Greek leader of the Domus Magnus Tytali, mem-

ber of the Cleisthenic Clinic cabal in Horizon and
author of many books, including the House de-
scriptions in this Apprentice Hornbook to which
these entries serve as footnotes. Master

Marangoudakis played a pivotal role in establishing
the recent cross-Tradition Ambassador Program in Ho-
rizon when it proved unpopular with the rest of the Order.



Foornore 4:

Conguncriones Externe

Use your mind to its full extent and rise from the

Earth to

Heaven, and then again descend to Earth and combine the powers of
what is above and what is below. Thus you will win glory in the whole
world, and obscurity will leave you at once

— Eighth Precept of Hermes Tresmegistus

Is the Apprentice Hombook an ideal opportu-
nity to present a comprehensive survey of notable
mages of other Traditions and the Technocracy,
along with extensive descriptions of all currently
active Marauders and known Nephandi? You may
decide that for yourself after investigating the 1,564
dossiers in Section 4

Some will rightly admire the Personnel Division's
thorough work, yet consider it better suited for
occasional reference than for close study. For those
students, | offer this brief conspectus on our connections within and
outside the magickal community

Tre Counce of Nowe Mysrick Taapirions

To say that our Order coexists in relative amity with our
allied willworkers unfortunately strains the truth. We joined
with the other eight Traditions to fight our common enemy;
yet, on the whole, we have never gone beyond mere expediency
to create genuine unity. This task falls to you, the new genera-

tion.

Historically, our Order has preferred to approach outsiders
both potential allies and sworn enemies — from a position of
strength. This practice is obviously wise, but note that "strength"
should not imply "disdain." Too many Hermetics think it does,
and have thereby soured our relations with valuable compatri
In part, we have good reason to be proud: We remember
the Celestial Chorus' treacherous complicity with the Inquisi-
tion. Likewise, the Verbena censure us, while we disdain their
bloodthirsty ways. As for the Cultists of Ecstasy, we remember
the example of Crowley. Though not without enlightenment or
skill, such mages lack control of the magicks they unleash.
That said, we have no reason to flaunt our differences with
other Council mages — no reason save vanity. Only vanity can
justify the loud pronouncements our College instructors make
about (for instance) the Dreamspeakers: "Playing in the dirt
with spirits does not make a mage!" When their students parrot
this opinion to some unoffending shaman... well, we can recall
Master Sao Cristavao's 1756 insult and its consequences for an
apt example (ref: Horizon, Dreamspeakers). Need we alienate

Sonjuntiones Externae 51

Footnote Four:

IW

one who may lack scholarship, but who could introduce our
members to a dozen Umbrood Preceptors? I think not.

Likewise, any mention around the Covenant of the Virtual
Adepts or the Sons of Ether soon leads to that pervasive phrase,
"the stink of the Technocracy." This hostile attitude has the
stink of short-sighted arrogance. The. Order supported the
admission of these techno-sorcerers to the'Council, and both
parties have proven themselves well against our enemies. The
Adepts are certainly insolent and the Etherites eccentric, but in
this age, we cannot afford to show distaste for fellow warriors.

Nor can doctrinal differences justify rudeness. Our closest
compatriots, the Akashic Brothers, though profound scholars
of Mens, deny the mage's duty to impose hiswillupon the world
and enact change. Nevertheless, we admire theirdiscipline and
focus, and we lose nothing by indicating this.

In the years to come, we must seek more common ground
with other Traditions. We have the responsibility torebuild the
universe. With the task so large, spurning friendship with those
who share our goals would be folly.

Umaroon

The entities we often call "gods," "demons," "angels" or
"spirits" belong to the vast family of ephemeral Umbrood, the
source of the mystical Enochian language. Those of us with
religious leanings see these spirits as servants of God, expres
sions of the Great Architect's will. We comprehend such
entities well and, with the magick called theurgia, we comfnand
them. We know the secret names of the gods, and we are not
afraid to use them if need be.

Our Order propounded the Umbrood titles — Lord, Min-
ion, Preceptor, and so forth. Of all our kind, we are the ones
most qualified tocommand these potent "forces" of the Tellurian
Note, though, that in so doing, we expose ourselves tounadul-
terated power. Therefore, exercise caution in alliyour workings
with the Umbrood: Ars Manium specifies precise manners of
summoning, addressing and commanding'the spirits, and pre-
serves exacting rituals for binding or banishing them when
ary.

Communion with the Umbrood Lords is a necessity of our
craft. Because they represent the spiritual manifestation of the
so-called Sphere of Forces, these beings constitute a vital phase
in the mastery of Ars Essentiae. In touching them, we touch the
essence of reality. Those we can command, we do. Those who
require recompense, we offer conduits into the material world
and vessels to inhabit as familiars. Such dealings carry,ever-
present danger, yet offer rewards beyond riches. It is a legacy of
our natures to impose our wills upon the "gods."

Nepnann) ano Slaraupers

Sooner or later, apprentices learn of former Hermetics who
indulged in necromancy and thereupon joined the ranks of the
Nephandi. Foul perverters of our sacred rituals, these barabbi
created the Black Masses, demonic orgies and human sacrifices
that led to persecution of all magicians. The Fallenswork best
within foul Sleeper cults; the un-Awakened cannot distinguish
between warped Nephandic practices and our own respectfil
workings. Turncoats of our Order seek to substitute their own
infernal design in place of our Great Work, and leave more

neces:

52 Order of Hermes

responsible mages to die in their place. Shun their company if
you would prosper.

Less foul but by no means fair, the irreconcilably insane
mages known as Marauders pose a constant (though unpredict-
able) threat. These undisciplined adolescents give the
Technocracy an excuseto exist, and for that, ifnothing else, the
Marauders deserve contempt and extermination.

Tne Unveap axp UNpsins

Our Order treats but peripherally those whose existence
hovers on the border between life and death. | refer to massasa
(vampires), their ghoulish servants and other undead suck
ghosts. In general, the Order has higher priorities than delving
into the affairs of the undead, near-dead and recurring dead.
Though Hermetic necromancy has largely died out (so to
speak), the Corvigenda still restrict the summoning of undead
into a Covenant; more than one Tribunal has equated such
activities with diabolism. Leave such pastimes to the Thanatoic
Ones.

Although some among our number (see Footnote 3) make
lapdogs of the so-called Kindred, I cannot see the wisdom in
such sport. While some vampires (ref: Sabbat) are more unpre-
dictable than others (ref: Camarilla), all of them are predators.
The best simply seek to reconcile themselves with that fact and
pick their targets well. Those apprentices drawn to the undeni-
able g!
Tremere. In seeking a shortcut to perfection, these mages found
perdition. Some few in House Tytalus suggest reinstating these
vipers into our Order, but the screams of Tremere's
Avatarstill resound through our community. Walk ye
the night

Craneins Breeps AND Fava Four

These remnants of the Mythic Age have proved astonish-
ingly durable despite the current scientific paradigm. While the
Bubasti catfolk make eager allies, their eyes are ever open to
new, exciting toys. As for the lupine folk (ref: Garou), they're
best avoided — Curiosities, certainly, allies, never. In times

mour of the undead should remind themselves of House

shredded
‘areful in

past, some unwary Tradition mages have alienated packs of
were-creatures by plundering their powerful reserves of Quin-
tessence (ref: caerns). After summary investigations and
negotiations, our Order officially frowns on the practice

Similarly, contact with the fair folk — highly magickal but
fickle creatures — is best left to the Merinita researchers of
House Ex Miscellanea. For many of us, the Fragile Ones are best
studied from a distance. The olde faeries of cl:
been replaced by banalities of science

sical lore have

and concealment; their

new shells crumble under close scrutiny, and there's little
enough magick as it is. Some Merinita romantics exchange
Hermetic secrets for faerie lore, but this trade is a dubious and
possibly hazardous practice. Even Fragile Ones have hidden
strerigths. Curiosity is the flame that blazes the path to perfec-
tion, butthe wise mage deals carefully, or not at all, with the fae.

Tre Tecnnocantic Uston

The descomdaff® of the Order of Reason directly oppose
‘magick in general and Hermetics in particular. These paradig-
matic monopolists have assaulted our Order and its allies for


nearly a millennium. Although their hold appears to be slip-
ping, they may, like a mad tyrant, strangle us all before they're
through.

When the Order of Hermes isolated and identified the idea
of consensual reality during the High Mythic Age, we con-
sciously adopted archetypal imagery, thereby giving form and
power to out vision of Ascension. The dictators who now style
themselves the "Technocracy" (implying rule by technology),
learned our lesson too well, and popularized a scientific para-
digm so directly opposed to the Order's that no reconciliation
is possible.

For us, the practice of magick perfects the being, thus
leading the way to Ascension — the Great Work that lies at the
core of our Order. Just as the alchemist must first perfect himself
before he may transmute base lead into gold, so must the
individual mage ennoble himself before trying to lead Sleeping
humanity out of its ignorance. By redefining physical and
spiritual reality —and thereby murdering magick — the Tech-
nocracy prevents us ftom taking the crucial initial steps to this
goal. Under its thumb, humanity will never Ascend. Their
Great Work remains forever flawed.

Orner Groves

Our Tradition maintains a tenuous connection toa society
of Sleeper occultists known collectively as the Arcanum. With
our covert aid, this small organization pursues what it calls the
"rediscovery of magic (sic) and the pursuit of knowledge of the
supernatural world." In so doing, it serves as our watchdog, for
these unwitting researchers attract Technocratic attention,
offering us ample warning of enemy movements. This Arcanum
also serves as a touchstone for the Sleepers' attitudes toward
magickal ideas. Occasionally, our Order offers their researchers
acrumb of true knowledge (part of an entire loaf of misinforma-
tion), then track its reception in mundane society. In this way,
we gauge our efforts to regain lost ground.

On the other hand, we can ill afford to toy with the self-
styled inheritors of the medieval Inquisition: the "Society of
Leopold" and its various offshoots. Although several of us have
attempted reconciliation with these narrow-minded zealots,
our efforts have met with outright refusal — or worse. The
Order advises extreme caution toward and discreet avoidance
of these dangerous, misguided individuals. Their faith, as we
have found, provides protection against mystick Arts — even
our own.

SLEEPERS

In our preoccupation with the greater task of self-perfec-

tion (not to mention survival), we sometimes neglect our duties
toward the masses of un-Awakened humanity. Yet the Great
Work encompasses all creation. Unless all of us Ascend, no one
truly achieves perfection of spirit; yet only by our doing so can
we build the City of Pymander, our vision of a free and united
world.

Humanity relies on our direction and leadership, espe-
cially in these times of enforced spiritual sterility. Each of us
once Slept; have we no compassion toward those who still fear
a world beyond their comprehension? It falls to us, then, to
nurture and protect Sleepers when we can. In due time they,
too, can Awaken.

Footnote Four: Conjuntiones Externae



IDWS

FPPENDIZ

Bas STneica ex Sscerranen

Thisis why Iam called "Thrice Greatest Hermes," for I possess
the three parts of cosmic philosophy

Twelfth Precept of Hermes Trismegistus

In Mage, the Houses of Hermes epitomize

the learned magician. Their complex theories,

arcane secrets and elaborate pacts plumb the
human experience, looking for meaning in each
drop of dew. Hermetics are the classical wizards
the John Dees, Solomons, Merlins, Morgannas
and Fausts. They're dangerous, majestic and very,
very wise

Hermetic mages have class; they are, to a

fault, meticulous, well-educated, haughty and

verbose. They've got tremendous powers at their fingertips, and
have a real attitude about it, too. To outsiders, the Hermetics
seem arrogant. The Hermetics themselves agree — after all,
they've earned the right to be exclusive!

In the Order, challenge is a mark of distinction; survival
depends on quick wits, a sharp mind, good fortune and connec-
tions. Each mage in this Tradition has endured hellish exams,
brutal Apprenticeships, labyrinthine politicking and endless
ter the Ars Arcane. "When you have done what

" one might say, "then | will treat you as an equal

lessons to m

Ihave done

Bes Hermeric

Though they're not the flamboyant fireball
machines of modern fantasy, Hermetics com-
mand vast elemental powers. Pacts with spirits,
bound demons, summoned storms and mighty
of tricks. But

wards are common toys in their b:

the point they constantly make is that such
power comes only with a strong intellectual
framework. Magick does not lie in throwing a

fireball; magick is insight into how to throw a

fireball, precisely why you should, and what you must become to
Thus, this discussion of Hermetic magick begins with
philosophy

Tne Psrnmip or THOUGHT

The Hermetic worldview draws heavily upon Plato's pyra-
mid of thought. Its broad base constitutes the realm of Faith and

Appendix: Ars Magica et Miscellanea 55

a

ie

Fe
al

A

56 Order of Hermes

Emotions. Here, reality is a construct, created by a ruling
paradigm and maintained by humanity's diversion from the
basic qu Who are we? Why are w
mundane senses and obedience to authority both rule here,
there's no magick in this realm. Sleepe

here? Because

stions:

s spend their lives here,
their vision of reality sequestered by the blue glow of the
television set, their faith controlled by technocracies both
mundane and otherwise.

The second realm, less broad, is the realm of Reason. In
ancient times, Aristotle articulated Reason's strengths, its logic
and symbolic thinking, in a healthy context of holistic empiri-
cism. At the beginning of the Modern Age,
philosopher-scientists replaced this empiricism with the myth
of Progress: that Reason alone can perfect humanity, and that
science can perfect all things.

Hermetics know that the power of Reason is great; alone it
can accomplish noble works. They also know it severs one's
connection to the essence that lies within things (Aristotle) or
beyond them (Plato). Reason is the method inherent in Tech-
nocratic forerunner Francis Bacon's Word, "Progress." Until
very recently, this Word has controlled the Sleeping world, and
has seriously degraded the physical and spiritual worlds.

The realm beyond Reason is the realm of direct apprehen-
sion of Truth — of noesis — called Above in the Thrice-Great
Hermes' maxims. This is the slender top of the pyramid, the
domain of the philosopher-king, for which all true Hermetics
strive out of love for themselves and for humanity. This inspired
wisdom cannot be reached from the realm of faith, but only

through a school of initiation. Here alone, in a realm of pure

thought and pure memory, can the mage perceive great truths.

Once the Hermetic student grasps this fundamental reality, it is
her long, hard job to transform herself in light of its principles.

VYoew oF the Cosmos

The Order of Hermes views the world of matter as good.
They realize that the psyche can only become aware of itselfand
begin to develop its powers amid matter, that in every myth, the
creator god forms a world from Chaos. All myths are pathways
of magick preserved by Sleepers, who function as a resting place
for powerful ideas and for the sleeping souls of those who will be

Awakened. As the experiment with "Progress" shows, it's un

wise to try to awaken them too quickly. Only by extending
Order gradually in the world do human beings learn to act in the
divine realm. The title "Order of Hermes" has several mean-
ings.

A Hermetic magicians views power and pleasure as good. If
you don't acquire power in this realm, of both magickal and
mundane types, you have no true yardstick to measure your
personal evolution. If you can't make the universe offer up a series
of pleasurable challenges, you're not a mage — no matter what
special effects you can whip up in a pinch. True pleasure — as
opposed to base stimulation — stimulates mind, soul and body.

Earnest students are never turned away from the Order's
door; seeking knowledge is the first step to initiation into the
mysteries. The only thing a Hermetic realiy fears is compla-
cency. Woe to those who think they are perfected! As all gods
wait within the breast of man, so too do all dangers.

Force is something the Hermetics understand and respect
You can measure force, and measure what you do with it. You

can determine how far along the Path you are by the forces you
control. And because Force is what produces change, both in
the world below and the world above, itis the pinnacle Art from
which the lesser Arts, or Spheres, descend. It is the doorway to
the Tenth Sphere, the Nous, or Mind of Noetic Insight. Some
refer to the Tenth Sphere as the place of Forms (Eidos) or
Concordia. Others simply call it the "One Thing," the begin-
ning, end and unity.

Tne Great TRADITION

The Order's ggfmary political and culturalfgpa'is the
reestablishment of the Great Tradition. These magicians seek
a New Age, with unpafalleled tolerance of all beliefsybut with
Hermetic ideals as the pivotal™paradigm through which all
others communicate: Their first attempt begin late antiquity
in Alexandria, where all the civilized world's cultures met. The
intellectual paradigm that ruled them then embodied itself int
the Library of Alexandria. Hermetiofffecursors flourished ngé
only as public mages, but also ase€xpert translators. The ity
acquired knowledge and synthé#lzed the Greek and Egyp@iait
thoughts that led f@lBhe Hesfffétic tradition. When that LAS
was burned by religious zealots, the flames singed relations
between the Hermetics and the faithful forever after.

The Order of Hermes wants to recreate the spirit of
Alexandria across the entire world. The mages reveal this goal,
known as "the City of Pymander Project," to newly initiated
Disciples. The twin roads to this City are scholarship and
instruction. Consequently, most Hermetics work in or near
academia, researching linguistics, folklore, mathematics, phi-
losophy and anything else related to their ideals. Typically, they
have conservative day jobs — say, as researchers in Old Norse,
though some make their livings as book reviewers, New Age
press authors or game designers. Atmight;however, the Her-
metic might learn to rearrange the runes to duplicate ancient
magickal feats, or pioneer a new style of game that.transforms
the player's consciousness. In any ease, the mage's ultimate job
is teaching his knowledge, both to the Order and to the
Sleeping world, to advance the City of Pymander.

The Order's best intellectual weapon is the decline of
Modernism — the belief that the world can be saved by science
alone. Science once replaced faith as the obvious source of
humankind's perfection; Postmodern thinking, which judges
belief systems on the basis of their function and practical results,
is the Order's cultural wedge. All nine Traditions help spread
some form of postmodern thinking, or develop its instruments.
The Virtual Adepts, for example, helped create World Wide
Web pages for most of the world's libraries and museums. What
was long hidden in rare texts will soon be available to all. At the
forefront, however, the Order stands with its allied Traditions,
planning to shape the emerging postmodern City. Under sage
Hermetic guidance, that world offers unparalleled chances for

freedom and power.

PRAXIS

Hermetic thought postulates three types of magick: goetia,
theurgia and magia. Each art corresponds to a section of the
pyramid of thought, and to one or more Degrees of Hermetic
advancement. The mage must master each type of magick in

turn, for each transforms its practitioner. The first two are
apprentice magicks; praxis of the third marks the apprentic
readiness for initiation.

* Goetia (Greek goes, "charm")is the magick of substance,
what the Sleeping world recogniges as magic (no "k"): precise
spells, performed at precise times with precise substances. A
focti-heavy art, this "charm" employs chalices, bells, knives
and books in the Enochian tongue. Everything relies on memo-
tization and exact performance. In game terms, this step begins
a study ofHedge Magic (see Ascension's Right Hand and
World of Darkness: Sorcerers), a static art without Sphere
Effects.

With goetia, a Hermetic apprentice (First Degree, Neo-
phyre) builds up her faith in the world of matter and learns of
the subtle, hidden realm beyond ordinary senses. A Neophyte
ipwns a ton of paraphernalia, closely tracks the phase of the
Moon, and knows which talismans to consecrate in the Hour of
Saturn.

© Theurgia is the path of union with godforms. At the
Second Degree, Zelator, the apprentice seeks to become one
with a traditional archetype. Through a system of invocation,
she merges with the idea of a particular god, angel or spirit to
perform a magical operation. She wears the colors of the god,
eats the gods favored food, burns the god's favored incense and
immerses herself in research about the god-idea in its cultural
matrix. This symbolic art corresponds to the realm of Reason.

Ultimately, the mage compels the god to manifest through
her, thereby achieving the third Apprentice Degree (Practicus).
PF
The key word here is "compel" — the god can be forced to
Ps
perform actions, as can the god's servitors and demons. The
Hermetic does not look upon the Celestines that rule the

spheres as friends, but as Archons, rulers to be overcome.
Hermetics are profoundly interested in Force — the way, the
only way — and despise the "Thywill be done" or "Our will be
done " attitudes of others.Jemust be "My Will be done!" or you
are not a mage.

When a Practicus performs theurgia rituals, she touches
her Avatar. Goetia requires a literal belief in gods, but theurgy
hows the gasker that the gods are within us, part of our
psychology; each god reflects the Avatar, just as each art reflects
The One Art, Concordia. With this lesson learned, the Her-
metic begins her true quest — for knowledge of the Avatar.
Then she is ready for....

© Magia: By reaching Awakening, the apprentice achieves
True Magick, earns Rank One in at least one Sphere, and is duly
admitted into the Order as a mage of the Fourth Degree, an
Mnitiate (that beginning Mage character). Now she begins
Ascension, the quest of lifetimes where the true nature of
Bragick becomes apparent.

Magia is the Art of causing change in the outer world
(below) by hanging archetypal patterns in the inner world
(above). At this stage, the mage simply speaks changes into
being. Although the instruments of her apprenticeship still
focuser intentions, her principal focus becomes the language,
written of spoken, that she uses to cast her Word. As she
progresses through higher degrees and gains Arete, she dis-
penses withall other foci. Ultimately, an extremely accomplished
Hermetic can even transcend the need for language.

Appendix: Ars Magica et Miscellanea 57

IRVWDK

KG,

Hose {asic ro True Masice

The grea
~ ee peril (at least froma
step in the Hermet

ils st etic Path
ee become a mage! Instead of ee
paeetesing, she might lose her

ar Unable to make the le
can agick,"
i zs magick," the apprentice ren
a hedge wizard. At some

potential. ceived notions toembrace

— In game'terms,
—— starts from scratch,
become

‘ The points she'd s
freebie points," b ® she'd spent in Hedge Magic

C. "b
Seen eee point," bur do noc automatically eco
ee as ion ihe > she must earn through rolepla ome
any gameetime passage. After awhile, she can buy her Spheres
Hats with hose points ceMage: The A rl
ae mG 2 cension
Eaton, page 139) ore thesiff6 purchase addiniondt Arne
: she acquires during her training (ccc pees
you want eoin a ‘ ieee a
appre You want to begin a character asa Hermetic ai
, Sta er off with normal mage creati: pate
io points; save

the. Areteem
Magick dots. aes Sphere dots, or convert them to Hed,

3 ate time, toss oy io Mreage

, toss of trade the H

ledge

Magick. Thus, a hedge ons

shot propery skate Wizard might become a True M;
She ha te fee onained... and if she's willing © Mage if
: favor of what she could gain. ig to surrender what
atufally, a self-Awak I.
olfane hee Awakened mage might join the He,
Hedge Magic stag . i in which case she by Sa
trang ie ae OF course, a mage without Hatake
Order... a hard time being taken seriously in the
sly in the

The magicks must be mastered in this order. To the

Hermetic viewpoint (which, by the way, is incorrect), most
(ther Traditions practice mere goetia, and so they have only a
ercondary role in the Great Work. The Hollow Ones seem
especially mired in goetia; the other Traditions, who do not
arderstand the pyramid of thought, cannotsee that these larvae
still need a few centuries to develop. Some Traditions practice
st ther limited form of theurgia, particularly the Celestial
Chorus, The Akashic Brotherhood is the sad example of what
one approaches magia directly; it brings too

nge the world is lost.

happens when
much tranquillity, and the grea

Veameric Desrees

Here we see the nine Degrees of advancement within the
Order, along with the tasks or requirements involved in each:

ApPReNTIce

Although time of apprenticeship vari
mentor, most x years.

at urge to chat

s by House and

apprenticeships last two to s

Order of Hermes

ona a

game system standpoint)
apprentice
e ake Hedge Magic's static
en, Tecan do magic"'and "I
ae oe a "lesser magician" —
Must surrenderher preconceived notione cee yee Prentice

her greater

she abandons her Hedge Magic dots and
S an,

« First Degree, Neophyte: Instruction in mun-
dane languages and basic facts about the Ascension

and faith in the teach-

War; development of discipline
ings.

Zelator: History of the Order;
(minor Hedge

* Second Degree,
early study of Enochian; mastery of goetia
Magic spells)
© Third Degree, Practicus: Advanced study of
Enochian; analysis of Quintessence and Paradox; mastery
of theurgia (advanced Hedge Magic); basic instruction in
one or more Spheres. At this Degree, an apprentice con-
chives her Word, which marks out her Path to
understanding.

Discrrte

Fourth Degree, Initiate: Rank One in Ars Essentiae.

The leader of the mage's Covenant judges her Rank within

narrow guidelines formally established by the Personnel

Division. (Note that the Order of Hermes established the
Sphere Ranks that all Traditions use.)

© Fifth Degree, Initiate Exemptu Rank Two in any

Sphere. An Initiate can usually reach this Degree within a

year, sometimes much less.

Apert

Sixth Degree, Adep'
at least Rank One in another

Rank Three in any Sphere and
‘Achievement of this Degree
srdinarily takes one to three years, sometimes longer

© Seventh Degree, Adept Major: Rank Four in any
Sphere, Rank Two in another and Rank One ina third. Many
‘Adepts never reach this rank, which requires not only disci-
pline but uncommon talent. Most Adepts Major have reached
this Degree after three to 10 years of diligent effort.

Master

« Eighth Degree, Magister Scholae: Rank Five in any
Sphere and Rank Three in a
and requires exceptional gifts; gi
Mastery within an ordinary lifetime, even a cou
The Onder of Hermes has more recognized living Masters than
any other Tradition.

* Ninth Degree,

t least two others. Mastery is rare

n these, a mage can achieve

Magister Mundi/Archmage: Rank Six
in any Sphere. This involves centuries of study, unbroken
allenge and even madness. As a practical matter,
one cannot reach Rank Six without first becoming Master of
several Spheres and Adept in most of the rest. There are fewer
than adeven living Archmages in the Order of Hermes, all quite
old and only marginally sane.

« Tenth Degree, Oracle: No mage is definitely known to
have reached this Degree, which implies Ascension. Hermetic
scholars dispute whether Ascension isa matter of Degree.

discipline, cha

believe that any Awakened person can achieve Ascension,

independent of magickal skill.

BENEFITS OF THE ORDER

Seest thou a man that is diligent in his work?
Before kings may he place himself; let him not place
himself before obscure men

— King Solomon the Wise, Proverbs 22:29

Membership among the mystick kings has a
great cost, but pays grand dividends. By striving
through the Order's ranks, each Hermetic mage
earnscertain perquisites which open doors across
this world... and others.

Canrt Names, Snavow Names ano True Names

Like a Verbena, Dreamspeaker or other magus, a Hermetic
takes a new "craft name" when he finishes his apprenticeship.
Ashe advances through the mysteries, the Hermetic also
a list of complications, a Shadow Name, which reflects the
different ways others see him. Deep down, he maintains a third
name, the True Name, which contains his birth title, craft
name, all honorifics and a secret appellation that only his most
trusted companions understand. No matter how mundane he
may seem, no Hermetic magus goes by the name he was given
at birth. To do so is not only gauché, it is dangerous.

A craft name serves

a twofold purpose. On the mundane
level, the name signifies a break with the mage's mortal life and
the beginning of his magickal quest; on the mystic level, it
"rebirths" him, giving him a new form and hiding the old one
from outsiders. Although he'll keep a favored name public, the

average Hermetic maintains a number of "shadow names" —
alternate identities, honorifics or nicknames which add layers
of protection to the birth name itself. Taken together, these
names become one — the Shadow Name, a title of high honor
and understanding. The longer it is, the more powerful (or
pretentious) the mage.

The True Name, which often runs a dozen words or more,

is like a key to the mage's deepest self. In addition to the
complex Shadow Name, each True Name includes a secret
component which the mage guards with magickal protections.
As Hermetics (but few others) know, the secret isa sequence of
10 syllables chosen by the mage, preceded by the term In
Caligine Abditus, or, "In Darkness Hidden." To recite a mage's
Shadow Name in sequence is impressive; to recite his True
Name isa threat. It shows you know his deepest secrets and can
turn them back with ease.

Birth Name: Steven Carson

Craft Name: Amadeus Chanti DuMarque, bani Flambeau
(or simply Amadeus)

Shadow Name: Amadeus Steven Carson Chanti
DuMarque, bani Flambeau, Windborne Seer of the 5th House,
Drowner of Mad Cats, Jewel of the Beloved One and Ranger of
the White Frost

True Name: Amadeus Steven Carson Chanti DuMarque,
bani Flambeau, Windborne Seer of the 5th House, Drowner of
Mad Cats, Jewel of the Beloved One and Ranger of the White
Frost; In Caligine Abditus, Mhai Akil Koth Rignorum Ommas

In game terms, consider it a Mind 3 Effect to discern
another mage's name. The number of successes necessary de-
pends.on the power of the subject; a young mage would require
two or three, while an accomplished magus might demand six
or more. A Master or Archmage guards her extensive name so
intensely that an "intruder" would need to pass countermagick
and achieve 10 successes or more to even hope to pull the
Shadow Name from hiding. Finding her True Name would be
even harder, and might require solving riddles or bypassing
magickal mind trap

Discovering such ayName, however, gives you a great
psychological advantage, and may reduce future magick diffi-
culties by -2 against that magus, or add two dice to your
countermagick against her spells. Mysticks with Correspon-
dence may consider a target whose True Name is known to be
"very familiar" for the purposes of magickal connection (see the
"Correspondence Ranges" chart in Mage).

What's the advantage of a True Name? Distance. Under
most circumstances, a Hermetic magus should be considered
"no connection" on the "Correspondence Ranges" chart when
it applies to offensive magicks, and subtracts three successes
from an opponent's attempt to Ban him or penetrate his Ward
spells. Only by discovering the mage's True
bypass his protection. That may not sound like much until you

Name can a rival

realize that to harm a Hermetic mage, you more or less have to
face him in person. That entails its own risks — ones an angry
Master would be happy to demonstrate.

Hermetics aren't the only mages to keep True Names, but
they're the only Tradition who does so as a rule. Some other
magickal societies include such titles among their lore, but the
importance of such names differs from culture to culture. The

Storyteller may decide that a non-Hermetic sorcerer has a True
Name with the abilities mentioned above, but that's his pre-
rogative and should not be considered a given.

Exocnian

Enochian, whose characters resemble the Coptic alpha-
bet, resembles Afro-Asiatic languages such as Akkadian,
Egyptian and Hebrew, but is entirely inhuman in origin. Ac-
cording to occult lore, Enochian is a spiritual tongue spoken by
High Umbrood and most elementals.

The last librarian of Alexandria, Hypatia, discovered
Enochian; John Dee codified its syntax in Elizabethan times.
Each sentence can be read two ot more ways. The primary
meaning, clear to Apprentices of Third Degree, isa goetic spell.
Those in the Disciple Degrees can understand the second,

profoundly philosophical level of meaning, which is sometimes
based on numerological values of the letters. Additional levels
of understanding come with higher Degrees, although the
levels of meaning encoded in Enochian depend heavily upon
the writer's degree of awareness. Sometimes the Avatar spe
through Enochian writings.

In game terms, Enochian is bought asa Knowledge Ability,
unique and unrelated to the Linguistics Knowledge. Only

Appendix: Ars Magica et Miscellanea 59


Hermetic characters can purchase Enochian, unless the Story-

teller decides otherwise. It's purchased like any other Knowledge,
except that the

faracter cannot have more dots in Enochian
than in her current Arete rating

A strict Storyteller might require Enochian as a mundane
Knowledge necessary to any Hermetic magickal Effect (Mage,
page 162); an extremely strict Storyteller may require Enochian
at a level equal to the Effect's highest Sphere Rank. More
easygoing Storytellers can permit Hermetics to roll Intelligence
+ Enochian (difficulty 7) as ac ‘omplimentary roll when cast ing
any defined rote or performing an established ritual,
magick may not receive this roll. Each success on the
roll reduces the magick roll's difficulty by

improvised
nochian

-1, up toa maximum
of -3. This reduction is not cumulative with those given by
other ability rolls

Umaroon Prorocors

The Earth being inhabited, as I have before said unto thee, by
@ great number of Celestial Beings and Spirits... know, O my Son,
that from the time that thou shalt have the good fortune to be familiar
with such kinds of Spirits, and that thou shale be able to by means of
what I have taught thee to make them submit unto thine orders, they
will be happy to give thee... that which they usel
— (greatly abbreviated) from The Greater
Chapter XIV
Everything's easier when you speak the language. Ages
ago, the founders of the Order (and the magi who went before
them) established pacts with various Umbrood Lords, Precep-

bossess....

ey of Solomon,

60

Order of Hermes

tors and other notables. Since then, the wizards of the Order
have, shall we say, reminded the spirits about those pacts —and
about the duties which bind both sides. Most mages have no way
to command service from the Umbrood Hermetic mages do.
It is the way of the Order to demand Even so, demanding
things from gods or their representatives is a risky thing at bese
The elaborate protocols which all Hermetics learn as part of
their instruction pave the way fora active and profitable traffic
between the magicians and the astral hosts; the keystones of
that road remain integral parts of magickal lore. With these
pacts and protocols, a m: creates a bond of respect (not
necessarily goodwill) between a spirit being and himself; while
that bond is fragile, it gives the summoner a place to begin.

Summoning a spirit, elemental or agent of Divine or
Infernal powers is never done lightly or carelessly. The perils for
doing so can be eternal

All protocols begin with a fast, prayers
and meditation. Cei

n pentacles are inscribed (each one
having different purpose), a circle is prepared and other rituals
are observed. Since the pentacles create both a boundary and a
spirit nexus (see The Holy Pentacles, below), compromising
these preparations at any point risks disaster. When everything
is ready, the magician calls forth an ornate invocation, listing
the name of the spirit(s) he wants, his own Shadow Name and
s,and the holy (or unholy) Names by which he compels the
Umbrood to arrive. In keeping with the ceremony, the spirit
often appears in the most dramatic form it can muster and
usually runs through its own list of
Thus the bargaining begins.

demands and/or threats.


Through a formal exchange of titles, invocations, greet-
ings, promises and compulsions, the magician and the spirit
make their desires known. Theatrics — which usually include
pyrotechnics and threats on both sides — are all part of the
process. Even when both parties agree on something, both make
ashow of force, testing the will of the other. Dust swirls, still air
whips into winds, water freezes, that sort of thing. The more
aggressive the spirit (or the wizard), the more violent the
phenomena. Obviously, a spirit manifestation (especially a
really powerful one) should be played up for all it's worth.

In game terms, the Storyteller can reflect this cont
through resisted Willpower rolls combined with dramatic
roleplaying (see Mage, page 80). Each party must accumulate as
many successes as the opponent has (permanent) Willpower
points. Defeating a minor spirit is easy; a greater Umbrood,
well.

foran

© Ifthe wizard wins, the spirit willobey his command
agreed-upon price.

© If the spirit wins, it departs without incident (and makes a
mental note about the weak-willed magician).

© If the Umbrood botehes a roll, it agrees to thé mage's demands
without further argument

© If the wizard botches, all hell breaks loose; the spirit takes its
revenge through any number of gruesome Charms or Storyteller
inventions. Use your imagination.

The difficulty of the Willpower contest depends on the
tasks the Hermetic requests; a successful Charisma or Manipu-
lation + Spirit Lore roll might lower the difficulty by -1 or -2 if
the roleplaying justifies the reduction.

Demand Difficulty
Trivial Task (identifying an item) 5
Minor Task (the item's location) 6
Fair Request (retrieving the item) 7
Favor (creating a new item) 8
Major Task (fighting an enemy) 9
Extended Service 10

Assuming the Hermetic triumphs, each side has a promise
to keep. The spirit performs one or two tasks, and the mage
rewards it with something valuable. Enticements include: mor-
tal bodies to possess; sacrifices in the Umbrood's name; charitable
(or blasphemous) acts for the spirit's patron causes; Names of
other spirits or mages; personal items, etc.. The payment will, of
course, depend on the nature of the spirit. Most mages know
better than to offer up their own Names or personal tokens, but
most Umbrood will ask for them anyway

Note that this service isa favor, nota magickal compulsion.
Without some potent Spirit Arts to back it up, it does not bind
the Umbrood in any lasting way. A wizard who pushes his luck
will discover the limits soon enough. No mage short of an
Archmastercansummonorbindan Aeon, Incamnaor Celestine,
although a friendly spirit might send a totem avatar (not
capitalized) to treat with a respectful magician

If the mage goes onto the Umbrood's homeground (during
a trip to the Umbral Courts, for instance), the element of

command is lost. Even so, a thorough knowledge of the correct
etiquette works wonders (see The Book of Madness, pages 117-
118). Most intelligent spirits grant a Hermetic mage (like an

experienced shaman) more respect than they would offer the

average mage. Thisdeference usually comesacross in roleplaying,
but could, if the Storyteller desires, reduce the difficulty of the
magician's Social rolls by -1 or -2 while in Umbrood territory.

Spirits like to be respected; a mage who does so will go
farther than one who blatantly commands obedience. Still,
while most mysticks depend on an Umbrood's goodwill, the
Hermetic Masters can demand a service or two— and get it. No
matter where you are, membership in the Order is a good thing
to have

Conwecrions, Favors ano RNowLense

In the halls of Hermes, these three things go together. No
Apprentice graduates into the Order without picking up a few
useful skills. All of the Traits listed below come with the
territory. While only a Master would possess every one, any
Hermetic character should purchase a handful of them during
character creation. (Note that these Traits must be bought at
the r

gular cost.)

© Abilities: Alchemy, Astrology, Chantry Politics, Cos-
mology, Crafts (House Verditius), Cryptography, Diplomacy,
Enigmas, Etiquette, High Ritual, History, Intrigue, Linguistics
(Latin, Greek, Hebrew, Arabic), Lore (especially Kindred,
Spirit and Tradition), Occult, Research and Secret Code Lan-
guage (most Houses have their own)

* Backgrounds: Allies, Chantry, Influence, Library, Men-
tor, Resources

© Merits: Concentration, Faerie Affinity (House Merinita),
Fast Learner, Higher Purpose, Lightning Calculator (House
Fortunae), Natural Linguist, Past Life, any kind of Ties

¢ Flaws: Curiosity, Dark Secret, Overconfident, Ven-
geance, Echoes, Magickal Prohibition or Imperative, Dark
Fate, any of the Ties Flaws

SEERERS OF THE TWILIGHT

The Order attracts all different kinds to its fold. The
profiles below describe broad Hérmetic types, not lone indi-
viduals. Use these concepts (changing details to suit the
chronicle) as examples or inspiration when ereating your own

characters. They're not limits, of course, but merely sugges-
tions.

* Alchemist: A correspondent with the Children of
Knowledge (see The Book of Crafts) and the Sons of Ether, she
seeks the Stone that is the Medicine of Metals, Perfect Truth
and Pure Happiness. Her day job: lecturer on the history of
experimental sciences'She reads Greek, Arabic, Latin and
Sanskrit. An expert on the properties of Tass, she has discov-
ered potions that extend life and powders that turn copper to
gold. Her greatest discovery is that the Philosopher's Stone —
which transforms lead into gold, both inert substances = ha
much greater effect on human flesh, a$emi-diyiné substance.
Word: "Purify."

* Astrologer: Her Art goes as far beyond the newspaper
horoscope as post-graduate number theory goes beyond count-
ing on your fingers. Her "day job" is a teaching observatory in

Appendix: Ars Magica et Miscellanea 61


Z as
PE Sad

TY 7 NU

SduthernGalifornia. She's a big figure in local science fiction
fandom, helpsmun theBlanetary Society and teaches orienteering
to GigkStouts. Her understanding of timing has earned her
som@ welcome favorsfromother Hermetics. She lives with an
Eqstati@land has given more thought to Ars Temporistthan
almost anyHérmeti@n W ord™ Precision."

+ EremitenHedisd qnesocietypentertaifimenr, romance
and sleep, but vengtes forth often from his Hakizo@ Realm e
fore often than#ie dike, blast it! —to help his Hotisesfighit the
latest dammfOol selieme of the blasted Technocracy. And he's
gor to hussles@lf over Earth to get ingredients for his latest
exporifflent, so... as long as he's in Venezuela or Irian Jaya or

Nova Goddamn Scotia, he might as well look around, pick up
the language, check the local magickal praxes and investment

opportunities... Then he has to track his stock portfolio and
maintain all that property he racked up in his Sleeping ca-
reer... It'samazing he ever gets any real work done! At this rate
he'll never distill that immortality serum. Word: "Imminent."

© General: Count on him to render the situation rectified,
pronto. If he can't do it himself, he's got a few regiments who
can. Orhe'll phone a Senator or a corporate vice-president, one
of the guys he hobnobs with at the annual Bohemian Club
Elks, Rosicrucians, Air Force,

retreats. He was alwaysa joiner
Cointelpro, Masons, PTA, Chamber of Commerce, Militaty
Book Club —and in a secret society, he's in his element. That's'
because he learned two plain truths early on, as follows: (A)Wou
can command anyone if you command yourself harder, atid (B)
People take orders a lot better when no one else is wagehifg.

Ramrod straight, dapper in uniform or civilian xogs, @ihle
with his wife and certain other ladies, he keeps his magickallife
a secret except during quarterly visits to his Covenant. He's
rising pretty well in House Tytalus, though he hasn't had much
patience for constant study since OCS. You can sttidy t6%gét
ahead, but there's other ways. Who needs a fireball when you
can call ina Longbow attack chopper? Word: "Honor."

© Qabbalist: He speaks and reads classical, medieval and
modern Hebrew, Aramaic, Syrian and Egyptian. His first Ph.D.
was on the use of astronomical symbols in the tiled floors of the

synagogues of late Antiquity. An expert in Throne Mysticism,
he has spoken at important Jewish seminaries. He regularly
creates golems, as did the learned Rabbi Loewe, and his focus is
the Torah that once belonged to Moses ben Maimon.

A pillar of his community, with a wife, two kids anda nice
house on Long Island, he can trace his ancestry through 30
generations of learned Jews, and hopes his son will aspire to the
Art. He maintains good relations with many civil rights groups
and with certain open-minded members of the Celestial Cho-
rus. Word: "Qabba
(ree-
ered the secret interpretation of the Vedas when he was about

," of course.

e): Born into the Brahmin caste, he discov

30. He runs an Indian restaurant in Manhattan, and seems like
anormal businessman until you visit his house, which resembles
a Hindu temple of many centuries ago. He plays the sitar very
well, helps organize the local Indian community for cultural and
political events, and is developing a secret North American

alliance of Indian hedge mages to report to him about Nephandi

invasions. Word: "Brahma.

X%

eee |


© Stage Conjurer: Two shows a night and three on
weekends at the Palace in Vegas. Her name in lights! Her
specials on cable! Her lectures packed at campuses across the
country! She debunks fraudulent Sleeper
Geller won't stay in the same city with her — and designs each
show as a subtly magickal ritual of wonder and catharsis. She's
working on starting her own line of mass-market conjuring
tricks, but under another name, she contributes articles to

d-path

sychics" — Uri

anthropology journals, based on her studies of left-ha
cults in Hinduism and Jainism. Word: "Performance

© Tryllekunstner (trew-ler-konsd-no): He works to re-
awaken the Great Tradition of the North and speaks 10
languages, from Old Norse to Frisian. Though he seems to
dislike Viking neo-pagan groups, he helps them in secret, for
the Great Tradition has natural (Sleeping) aspects in addition
to its supernatural (Awakened) ones.

He teaches Scandinavian Studies ata large university, can
carve stone or wood, and took voice lessons for years so that he
might sing the runes (or, as he would s:

a voice that would make Odhinn we

"practice galdur") with
ep. His covert relationship
with a Verbena woman mirrors Odhinn's secret affair with
Freya. Word: "Runa."

Tye Aarts

The Order of Hermes developed the cur

rent magickal convention of the nine Spheres,
which they call Arts. However, the system is
only a convenience, for magick is beyond rigid
gorization. Some Masters stall by blindly

PpEertte."*. &

accepting the increasingly rigid convention of
the nine Arts; others push beyond, learning to
push their minds and their Avatars to new levels
of understanding.

The Order prefers to call the Arts by their
Latin names. When discussing the Arts with outsiders, how

er, they use the conventional terms (Correspondence, Entropy,
Forces, ete.).

¢ Ars Animae (Life)

Known as The Refining Fire, Life refines and ennobles the
spiritepakingit more like gold, or burning away its dross as ash.
One, heals oneselfto experience further initiation; one creates
life t0liprovelone's prowess one restores to life those who may
teachthe mysteries of the Gasmos. Life is separate from the four
elementsthapmakeupthe world, and serves as the astral bridge
to this world.

Ars ©énjunctionis (Correspondence)

Conjunctionis, or Similitude, sends magickal power down
the secret paths between one'thing and another. Anypéint in
the world of four dimensions and five senses canbe viewed as @
direct gateway to any other, given sufficient time afid.energy.

¢ Ars Essentiae(Forces)

Forces igPhe Gateway, sand its masteryrevedls one's
position on the Path to Ascension. Understaniding itigthe holy,
life-affirming act of the Hermetic.

IN

DK

IWAN

NO All

* Ars Fati (Entropy)
Knownas Venom, thigh ess causes all material thin
to pass away. It eats all iA I nations, all say 6i

realms. Greater personal
and the denizens of these

vants and confers
power brings authority
realms. Trust them but
distract you from the Gr

* Ars Materiae (Matter)

Known as Clay, the Sphere is worked in accor-
dance with the will of artist. A composite of the four
classical elements, it isthe medium of expression for the
Awakened psyche.

¢ Ars Mentis (Mind)

The Mind Sphere is The Watcher. A mirror of the
Avatar, it reflects that selfs intent. By studying Mens,
study the Avatar's secret powers, and come to
the Warchar ie accantial ra clear eight an tha

TA Tempore Crime)
Time is the Magick All Men
understand how to fill their live

ennui, so that those lives pass

be expanded magickally,

time to your will, or be bent to if
¢ Ars Vis (Prime)

Prime is known as the Sor
tradition came from Egypt, the $
all things is the spiritual South:
which flood and enri
gods; the mighty pyramids, spnibalnot thes ee will

TSTRUMENTS OF THE Hats

Given the precise nature of Hermetic magick, many
Spheres have special "official" foci connected to their use
While the only focus a Master Hermetic needs is language,
lesser willworkers typically use tools such as these:

© General: Books, charts (of gods, planets, colors, etc.),
dice, elements (air, earth, fire, water), formulae, geometric
shapes (circles, triangles, etc.), Enochian and other lan-
guages, gems, goblets, jewelry, music, pentacles, Names,
numbers, pentacles, potions, Qabbalistic symbols, ritual
circles (essential for High Ceremonial magick rites), rune:
Seal of Solomon, sigils, star maps, stones, Tarot cards, treat-
ments (cleansing the body), vellum, wands, weapons, words
of power.

Anima: Small burning pot (The Refining Fire, change),
broken cocoon of a silk moth, seeds of a 1000-year old
bristlecone pine, delta sign, incantation of the stages of a
relevant vowel-shifted word, | (the active principle), +
(higher ternary acting upon spiritual quaternary), water,
ankh, the numbers 3, 11.

64 Order of Hermes

p. Just as the 4
eg bai a

* Conjunctio: Shewstones, Enochian alphabet, lines
drawn between graphical symbols, verbal ellisions, physi-
cally tnderting one'thing into another, chenunibers 2, 7, 12.

 Essentia: Gilded iron keys (sometimes magnetized),
elements, magnets, fire, ice, prisms, names of air, fire, etc.
spirits, pentacles, the number 8.

© Fatus: Sand from a broken hourglass, acids (some-
times flung at target's magickal representative), rusting nails,
cobwebs, obsidian, mica, the numbers 0, 13. Anti-Fatus:
diamonds or other incorruptible tokens.

© Manes: Hood or black eyeband (for viewing the spirit
realm), small brazier of stinking herbs, pentacles of many
different kinds, parchment inscribed with spirit names, dark-
ness, smoke, the numbers 5 and 6.

© Materia: Ore, clay, half-carved gems, metal plates
inscribed with Matter rune, the numbers 4 and 5.

© Mens: Circles, rings, sword bearing the mage's Name
(for increasing intellect), the number 14.

© Tempus: Small pyramids, sundials, star charts, melt-

ing ice,
ing a rare and fragrant drink,

gold

And ‘twixt the gre
Set roaring war; td u
Have | given fire, and
With his own boleS the

ead rattling thunder
fted Jove's stout oak

‘ong-bas'd promontory

ay

Have I made shale andy the spurs pluck'd up

© The pme and cedars
— William S|

akgsreare, The Tempest
"Forces, ** Mind, possibly with

With this rote, developed in the 16th century by Vene
tian Llemmetic Guiseppe Malaceota, the willworker top 0 the

mind of a sleeping subject and display

illusions that enact the dream. Given the
elements and pérsondl symbolism of most d
not offer much 'Bracti€al information, but 48S b
eavesdropping on Someamiewho talks i

To perform the tit

the incenss
illusions, which the

[The number of
tion and vividness of
the illusion anywheref
dence 2) anywhere shi
Tower of Babel/

isperse.
mines the dura-

Correspon-
is vulgar.)
e Entropy,


=

House Castrovinci. This small group (officially a part of
House Ex Miscellanea) tried to prove the Bible's truth by
duplicating its miracles with magick. Critics claimed that
they were emulating the prophets of old in hopes of becom-
ing gods themselves. The Inquisition eventually burned
most Castrovincis as heretics, but a few apparently escaped
into Africa and Arabia.

Regardless of House Castrovinci's motives, no one de-
nies that they created some useful rotes. The so-called
Tower of Babel turns the sound produced by the human
mouth into gibberish. A sufficiently skillful mage can reduce
a whole crowd to incomprehensibility. To produce this
Effect, the mage cuts up a written scroll or a page froma book,
then tosses the confetti into the air while gibbering quietly.
He continues babbling until all confetti has touched the
ground.

A contrasting rote, aptly called Speak In Tongues,
changes a target's speech into any language the mage knows;
if the caster understands many languages, then different
listeners can hear different languages. For exantple n
French could be changed into German for one list
Spanish for another at the same time. The rote
change the speech's meaning, only its language. T!
need not understand the language initially used |B

Convocation, this spell facilitated conversation
mysticks from across the world.

[Every success the mage achieves on
renders one speaker incomprehensible (T
one language intelligible (Speak in Tongue
last one scene, and work only in the caster'
Correspondence 2 is added to the rote. TI
vulgar.

Compel the Unseen (¢#¢ Prime, *

Medieval magi of House Bonisagus dev.
but dangerous Effect. With it, the mage forces an ing
spirit to manifest in physical form, so long as the'
the Materialize Charm. The rote is risky — Umbtood deeply
resent such coercion. Even weak spirits can sometimes bring
their stronger cohorts to punish the insolent m

rd the flask
the

spirit's successes cancel the ma
one basis. The mage's remaini s determine how

lone hour per

against each other's magick, allowing for more peaceful

WA
n are just a
to conjure

‘fo option

VN any

ing shields, fireballs and sponitancougigombusti
few of the possibilities. The fites Her
these fires differ from Hodge!
The spell itself is fairly,

Effect. This Effec
ing on the circu i
obviously out of fine, but an explodi
or gun-shot gas tank disguises the €a
Spheres, it should be noted, can sui
or other elemental strikes.]

ter heater, grenade
lage well. The same
ice, rain, lightning

Correspondence,

Prime)
To reach a well-prot|
Forces with Correspondet
then project an attack pj
example, a lightning bolt

can link

ic Albrecht, bani Flambeau, of Bavaria is
s Effect. A mercenary captain in the armies

efound it useful during siege warfare. Timing his
yestfikes to match the attacks of catapults and other
engines, he disguised his use of magick and kept the
ent forces of Paradox at bay — at least for a time.
This rote inflicts damage as usual, but ignores barriers
een caster and target. The circumstances of the casting
rmine whether the Effect is coincidental or vulgar.]
‘Parma Magica (¢¢* Prime)

_ | Bonisagus, the brilliant Archmage, ranked as his great-
‘PEreation the parma magica (Latin, "magick shield"). This
coumtermagickal protection immunized medieval sorcerers

‘communication. Asa tool of diplomacy, the parma magica is
extremely important in the history of magick: It permitted
the founding of the Houses of Hermes and, indirectly, all the
Traditions. The Order made details of the rote available to
other Traditions during the Grand Convocation, 1457-66.

To prepare the parma magica, the Hermetic creates a
hand-sized shield from a personal item that symbolizes her
confidence (for instance, an award certificate cut into a
shield shape, or a sapphire carved to resemble her mentor's
face). The mage holds the item to her heart, then forehead
and channels Quintessence into it. She then utters the
"Incantation to Welcome Strangers" backwards and places
the parma magica over her heart — often in a shirt pocket or
pouch.

[The Parma Magica Effect lets a magician "bank" (store)
Quintessence, usable only to aid defensive countermagick,
anti-magick and unweaving (Mage, pages 172-175). For
every success she scores on a "coincidental" Effect roll, the
mage may bank 2 points of Quintessence, up to the limit on

Appendix: Ars Magica et Miscellanea 65

NO All

her Quintessence/Paradox wheel. Banked Quintessence does
not fade or lose potency, andmay be replenished after use in
the same way as a mage's‘own Quintessence reserve. This
shield is coincidental magick. However, the defender needs
time to erect the shield; it does not work automatically.

[The Storytellermay assume that any character who knows
this spell begins each story with a full bank of parma magica
Quintessence, unless circumstances dictate otherwisei}

Phlogiston Manipulation (¢** Forces, ¢#* Life,
© Prime, or *¢* Forces, Matter, ¢¢ Prime)

According to Georg:Ernsy/Stahl!, Sleeper physician and
chemist of Prussia (1660-1734), all combustible substances,
living and nonliving, contain "phlogiston." Though the
Cabal of Pure Thought "disproved" this idea in the 1700s,
Hermetic mages still manipulate phlogiston in living beings
(using the Life Sphere) or nonliving objects (using Matter),
either to ignite them or to render them immune to fire
damage. By reinfusing a burnt object with phlogiston, the
mage can restore it to its previous condition, so long as it
remains largely intact.

To ignite phlogiston, the Hermetic first prepares a
special march from a mixture of sulfur, salamand@@kin and
ashes from the victim of a fire elemental. She then strikes the
match and touches it to the target.

To protect a target from ignition, or to restore a burried
target, the mage must create a personal parma magi¢a shield
(see above), burn the shield with a phlogiston match, soak:
the ashes in water for 10 minutes, then smear the wet ashes
over the target.

[Used for damage, the Effect ignites the target's
e per the "Damage and Duration"
chart as the victim immediately bursts into flames. The

phlogiston, causing dama;

burning inflicts this damage each turn for two turns, until
the phlogiston is consumed. The victim becomes immune to
further fire damage until his phlogiston regenerates (normal
healing rate)

[When protecting a target from fire damage, each suc-
cess on the magick roll counts as two successes for
countermagick or a soak roll against fire-based damage.
When healing a person oftrepairing an object, each success
restores one Health Level of fire-based damage. This Effect
is highly vulgar and, in modern times, Paradox-prone.]

Ward the Inner Sanctum (¢** Life,
dence)

© Correspon-

This common yet powerful Effect prevents intruders
from entering a defined area (often the mage's Sanctum or
Covenant). No living thing may enter the proscribed area,
whether by magickal or physical means, until the ward is
broken,

This very complex rote takes a long time to cast —
typically am hour or more. For most castings, the mage must
use special enchanted chalks and pigmentsito draw or paint
acirele of protection around the area to be warded. Runes,
pentacles or Enochian names are then added to the circle,
and specially made candles are lit and placed atithe cardinal
points of the circle. Finally, the mage must walk the circle,
usinga wand of silver and carnelian to trace more protective

¢

66 Order of Hermes

runes in the air while uttering a suitable incantation. Differ-
ent casters use different items or procedures that suit their

training and taste.

[The number of successes indicates this Ward's strength
Anyone trying to penetrate the Ward must achieve more
successes with offensive countermagick (or other appropri-
ate roll, as determined by the Storyteller) to break or bypass
it. Depending omcircumstances, a complementary roll of
Wits + a relevant Skill (such as Escapology from The Book
of Shadows) may reduce the difficulty of the countermagick
roll.
[Other Spheres may be substituted for Life, or simply
added to the Effect,to create other Wards. Spirit 3 creates a
Spirit Ward, Prime 3° Wards Againist Magick, and so on.
This rote is usually vulgar.]
The Holy Pentacles (¢ ### Spirit)
These designssSaid:to be provided by angels in the early
days of magick, are taught to all Hermetic Apprentices |
during the second rank of their training. It will be a while,
however, before they truly master the greate:
pentacle — that of summoning and binding the spirits.

power of the

Each pentacle conjures spirits to serve a different pur-
pose; although the Greater Key of Solomon lists 44 designs,
the Order keeps another 66 secret ones for their own use
Each pentacle may be inscribed in stone, metal or wood, or
written on virgin parchment; each one must be prepared
with inks or metals of appropriate colors and dedicated to the
appropriate planets. The names of angels are written in
Enochian, Hebrew.or Latin at certain junctures of the de-
signs, and the invocations used with each pentacle employ
those names, Whena magician prepares a ritual circle for her
workings, she brings or inseribes the proper pentacles nearby
to grant the spirits' cooperation.

A wise magician sets aside a separate circle (inscribed
with a sword blade) to keep the Umbrood in. Once an
Umbrood has been called, the pentacle keeps it from escap-
ing its circle until the mage finishes her business with the
spirit. Hermetic lore promises immediate obedience from
astral beings summoned with the right pentacles; while
that's an optimistic claim (see "Umbrood Protocols"), this
rote, properly cast, does help immeasurably.

[This Hermetic mainstay, a necessity when dealing with
summoned Umbrood, combines the Breach the Gauntlet
and Gauntlet Prison Effects. Its boarders are the edges of
the pentacle. A botch in the casting means the boarder was
drawn imperfectly, allowing the spirit to escape if it so
desires....]

Time Lock (¢
Prime),

Through currents of force or elemental favors, a Her-
metic magician may select an area or deviee, key it toa given
time, determine how far in the future she wants to trigger the
Effect, and choose a form of energy. At the appropriate
moment, the defined energy is either projected into or
leached away from the target object or area.

© Time, ¢* or ##* Forces, possibly with

The possible uses are almost endless. She can turn on
the lights and heat in her home half an hour before she


returns; she can set up a "time bomb" to scrap an enemy's
compiiter by causing it to overload with electricity at exactly
5PM EST. Some pompous Hermetic mages even use the
Lock to create portentous sound effects whetithey enter a
room.

This rote requires a watch (or some other timing device)
placed in the area of effect. The mage then sets the watch to
the time of effect and breaks its

[Simple Effects with, lietle impact on the story can
simply work without a roll/More dramatic uses — such as
frying an enemy's computer —fequire the normal successes
(see the "Time Sphere" chart). More powerful Effects re-
quire higher levels of Forces; ones that appear out of thin air
demand Prime 2.]

Ball of Abysmal Flames (**¢¢¢ Forc
* Prime, #**® Time *** Matter)

Thesnuke. It took a while (and many dead mages) to
unlock this powerful secret. Hermetic rolls give theeredit to
Belantine Glass, bani Flambeau, but Caron Mustai disputes
her claim. The process is simple, but the magicks involved
are not.

eeee or

The spell begins with an invocation of the firegod Agni
or the archangel Gabriel; the pentacle that contains his
ence (typically a fourth pentacle of Saturn}iis inscribed
on the doomed object or location. As the spell begins, the air
begins to haze and thicken; magickal sensitives feel a monu-
mental force gathering and accelerating, until... well.

The Abysmal Flames pull Quintessence from the sure
rounding area, ignite it and compress everything within the
pentacle. The surrounding air is sucked in and fed to the
superheated firestorm, which gathers and grows until the

es

Ball explodes, causing phenomenal amounts of destruction.
Unless the magician and her cohorts have fled the scene,
they may well be incinerated in the blast; hence, Belantine
added a timing spell to the incantation. Since then, the spell
has become a fixture in Horizon War assaults.

[A ridiculously vulgar, destructive Effect, the Ball chan-
nels Quintessence from every inanimate object (or, with
Prime 5, from living beings, too) in the area and feeds the fire
with it, Matter, meanwhile, compresses the explosive result
into a baseball-sized lump, which Time discharges when the
magéreaches safety. The explosion, when it comes, can level
a small town.

PT he damage, if you care to determine Te BHMIEIDHIEs the
magician's successes by five. Thus, a mage @lling five suc-
cesses causes 30 Health Levels (5 + 1 for Forces magick)
worth of aggravated damage to everything for roughly a half-
mile around. A Forces 6 variant can destroy a city.
Countermagick still absorbs successes normally, and beings
with the meanstto do so.can try to soak the damage. Primium
reinforcemetity guard Fechnocratié compounds somewhat,
but the Effect is still considerable.

[The caster can use extended rolls for this Effect, adding
new successes each time she does so; it's not smart to roll
more than twice, however—a botch or failure unleashes the
Effect at once. This spell is not, it should be noted, used
lightly. The Technocracy, as We can imagine, really hates it
— and has developed a simila@iapon in respéifise.]

4

Distill the Azoth Elixir (
Matter, possibly with * Spirit)

Azoth, the"Life Principle" isolated by Master Paracelsus,
is one of history's greatest alchemical creatiofis, modern
Hermetic mages often create it using chemical, rather than
alchemical, processes. Paracelsus is said to haye carried
Azoth in a secret Compartment in the hilt of his sword.
Sleeper scholars claim that what he actually ¢arried was
another discovery of his — laudanum — but the Order of
Hermes knows the truth.

Azoth, a highly magickal liquidycan heal any wound,
eradicate any disease, and even restore life to the recently
dead — or so the tales say. Few mages ever attain the
understanding necessary to test these tales, for the creation
of Azoth is a complex process that requires nine lunar cycles
On the new moon, the Hermetic mixes her own blood with
that of a magickalcreature (though never the undead) in a
jasper vial stoppered with pearl. Each dawn thereafter, she
summons that day's guardian (as determined by the Pymandic
Charts). The mage commands the guardian to incant the
Nine Qrisons of God's Name; during the creature's chant,
the magician burns a small quantity of blood from the vial

° Life, e** Prime,

mixed with mercury or other valuable liquids. After nine
months, the last drop of the mage's blood in the vial trans-
forms into a dram of Azoth

According to Paracelsus, Azoth can be bottled and
stored for "no more than a sennight" (a week) without losing
potency

[For every success on the magick roll, the mage may
create one dram (dose) of Azoth, at a cost of one Quintes-
sence per dose. Each dose heals three Health Levels of
damage (even aggravated damage). Ten doses reviv

a per-
son or being who has died within the current story. However,
the resurrectee is little more than a mindless husk unless its
spirit can somehow be returned to the body; Azoth restores
physical, not spiritual, life. Additional Spirit 4 magick might
remedy this deficiency, but no modern mage has successfully
brewed such Azoth. Use of Azoth is always vulgar, and draws
Paradox spirits unusually quickly.]

SUGGESTED READING

We'll say it again and again: Mage is a game. Period. For
Storytelling purposes, this Tradition book has taken many
liberties with its sources. Don't use it to attempt spiritual
transformation, okay?

That said, the books below might offer a few insights
into the Hermetic»paradigm of concept, att and thought
Happy reading... and don't forget to bring a dictionary

© Barrett, Francis. The Magus. Includes a great deal of
‘SRellenederail about naturalsélemental and niagnetic magic,
alchemy and Qabbalistic magic, as well as biographies of
famous Hermetics.

© Bell, Eric Temple. The Magick of Numbers. A History
of mathematical magic,.with Pythagoras as a hero.

© Budge, SigsWallis. Egyptian Magic. Good general
background

Ars Magica et Miscellanea 67

Appendix:

IW

C

© Butler, E. M. The Myth of the Magus. A biographical
study of several well-known Order members.

© Copenhaver, Brian P. Hermetica. The Greek Corpus
Hermeticum and the Latin Asclepius in translation

© Flowers, Stephen E., ed. Hermetic Magick: The
Postmodern Magickal Papyrus of Abaris. The best popular
introduction to Hermetic magickal practices available in the
Sleeping world.

© Fowden, Garth. The Egyptian Hermes: A Historical
Approach to the Late Pagan Mind. This explains the Greco-
Egyptian synthesis at the core of Hermetic thinking.

© Gager, John G., ed. Curse Tablets and Binding Spells
from the Ancient World. A study of European foci, their
effects and their methods of manufacture

* Godwin, Joscelyn. Robert Fludd: Hermetic Philosopher
and Surveyor of Two Worlds. Study of a Hermetic and his
beliefs.

Halevi, Z'ev ben Shimon. Kabbalah: Tradition of Hid.
den Knowledge. Complex introduction with lots of
illustrations.

© King, Francis. Magick: The Western Tradition. A good
history of Western occultism.

© Klossowski de Rola, Stanislas. Alchemy: The Secret
lent introduction with illustrative plates.

Lawlor, Robert. Sacred Geometry: Philosophy and Prac.
tice. Explains how geometry underlies the structure of the
universe

© Scott, Walter, ed. and trans. Hermetica: The Ancient
Greek and Latin Writings Which Contain Religious or Philo-
sophic Teachings Ascribed to Hermes Trismegistus. The core
writings of the Order that have been released to Sleepers.

© Supplements for the Ars Magica roleplaying game,
formerly published by Lion Rampant, White Wolf and Wiz-
ards of the Coast, now available from Atlas Games; Tweet,
Jonathan. The Order of Hermes: A Complete Society of Wiz
ards in a Medieval Setting and Houses of Hermes; both Ars
Magica supplements detail the Order in the Mythic Age

¢ Van Gennep, Arnold. The Rites of Passage. Trans. by
Monika B. Vizedom and Gabrielle L. Caffee. A cross-cul-
tural study of initiation

© Waterfield, Robin, trans. The Theology of Arithmetic
On the Mystical, Mathematical and Cosmological Symbolism of
the First Ten Numbers. This translation of the writings of
lamblichus is the key to Hermetic number theory.

¢ Webb, Don. The Seven Faces of Darkness: Practical
Typhonian Magick. A study of the "darker" side of Hermetism,
the Typhonian path

IW,

MAGE: The Ascension™

Name: Nature: Concept:
Player: Essence: Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Cabal:
STD
Physical Social Mental
Strength @0000 © Charisma @0000 Perception @0000
Dexterity. @0000 Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina @O0000 Appearance @0000 Wits _ @0000
Na ——_—————————
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. OO0000 — Do OOO0O0O — Computer. OOOO0O0
Athletics. OOOOO Drive OOOOO — Cosmology OOO00O
Awareness. OOOOO _ Etiquette. OOO0O00 — Culture OOO00O
Brawl OOOOO _ Firearms. OOOOO _ Enigmas OOO00O0
Dodge. OOOOO Leadership. OOOOO Investigation OOOO0O
Expression. OOOOO Meditation. OOOOO0 — Law OOO0O0O
Instruction, OOOOO Linguistics. OOO0O0O
Intuition. 00000 Lore OOOO0O
Intimidation § OOOO0O Medicine OOO0O
Streetwise. OOOOO - Survival 00000 Occult OO00O0
Subterfuge 00000 _ Technology. OOOOO _ Science OOOO0O
Correspondence___OOOO0O __Life OOOOO Prime OOO00O
Entropy. OO000 Mind OOOO _ Spirit OOO0O0O
Forces @0000 | Matter OOOOO _ Time OOO0O0O
——SSSSSaaaaSSSALTI MTN
Backgrounds Arete Health
00000 OO0O00000000 Bruised oO
OOO00O0 ‘ Hurt 10
00000 Pie aca oo Imiured 10
OOO0O0O Wounded 20
ooo00 FOOOOOOOOD  jauied 20
Wullilessencs Crippled 5 0
Other Traits "ie Incapacitated Oo
OO000O0 oO oO .
00000 ‘oO Q Experience
00000 i o
00000 oa a8?
oa
00000 Paradox


MAGE: The Ascension™

Merits cot

Merit Type Cost Flaw Type

Bonus

FJ ir Qo ________+}

Preferred Effects

Name Level |Arete |Quintessence |Appearance

Punch 6

Kick

Body Slam

Grapple 6
7
7

Weapon Difficulty] Damage Conceal Brawling Table
Maneuver Difficulty Damage

Strength
Strength
Strength+1

Special

Armor:


IZ,

MAGE: The Ascension™

Contacts, Sleeper Contacts, Awakened

Influence, Sleeper Allies, Awakened

Resources Mentor

Familiar Chantry

Acolytes Node(s)

Gear (Carried) Equipment (Owned)

Hermetic Instruments Ritual Style


,

PAERC)

MAGE: The Ascension™

SA

Awakening

AN 7 III ‘- anes

WL;

Goals/Destiny

Seekings. Quiets.

Age.
Apparent Age
Date of Birth
Age of Awakening_
Hair. Shadow Name
Eyes.

Race
Nationality
Height
Weight
Sex

ESS ESI
Cabal Chart Character Sketch

Appearance/Nature of Avatar.

