# File: Order of Reason.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

4a

Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade

Sj

@ f,

THE ORDER
OF REASON

ae

Z
ly


THE ORDER
OF REASON

Credits

Written by: Brian Campbell

Fiction by: R. Sabrina Udell

Developed by: R. Sabrina Udell

Edited by: Jeanée Ledoux

Art Direction: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Ron Thompson

Art: Anthony Hightower, Jeff Holt, Andrew Siddall
and Mike Chaney as the Beaver.

Front Cover Art: Christopher Shy

Back Cover Design: Ron Thompson

Evie! 735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
ek sir 13

CLARKSTON, GA 3002
USh

GAME STUDIO

© 2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly
forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character
sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension
and World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Pub-
lishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Mage the
Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Trinity, Crusade Lore, The Order of Reason,
The Swashbuckler's Handbook, Castles and Covenants, The Book of
Crafts and Dark Fantastic are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

Bonisagus, Diedne, Tyralus, Covenant, Quaesitoris, Mythic Eu-
rope, Faerie, Regio and Cult of Mercury are trademarks of Atlas Games,
are from the Ars Magica game and are used with permission. Ars Magica
is a trademark of Atlas Games.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these
pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright concerned.
This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes.
Alll mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and intended for
entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.
Check out White Wolf online at
heep://www.white-wolf.com;
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA.
—ian

alt.games.whitewolf and

Author's Dedication

Special thanks to playtesters Elizabeth Campbell, Marc
"Sparky" Schmalz, Jilli "Perkygoth" Venters, Pete Venters,
and Wendy Wallace.

Developer's Special Thanks

To Phil Brucato, for trusting me with the job.

To Rich Dansky, for help and support above and
beyond the call of duty.

To Mike Tinney and Fred Yelk, for their infinite
patience.

And to Glenn Moss and Anthony Yarbrough, for
lawyering the rules with precision and grace.

WHITE WOLF

ARTHAS

What is Arthaus? It's White Wolf's newest
imprint. White Wolf's mission has always been
to create art that entertains ; White Wolf Arthaus
is the embodiment of this ideal. Modeled after
small press, the Arthaus team strives to create
those games and projects that are new, experi-
mental and unique. White Wolf Arthaus now
manages whole game lines, supports others and
creates specialty projects whenever possible.


OF REASON

os - =
THE ORDER 6g

Cable of Contents

=a Prelude: A Venetian Intrigue

33% Introduction

Chapter One: The Outer Labyrinth

Chapter Cwo: Enlightened Arts

ty Chapter Chree: Dacdalean Erffects
% Chapter Four: The Inner Labyrinth

te" Chapter Five: The Hero, Revealed

Appendix


Prelude:
venetian

Intrique

Bianca Grimaldi cursed being born second and a
woman. She gazed down from her bedroom window
onto the fat, round head of her brother, Gaesare, and
watched as both he and her father helped Giuseppe
-Lessi out of his opulent gondola. Glose behind came
another finely constructed craft, this one bearing
Lessis wife Gloria, and their son, Aessandro —
Biancas future husband.

_ She sighed and (et the (ace curtain fall back into
ace.

"What vexes you, niece?"

Bianca turned to regard the tall, raven-haired
man whose powerful form filled the Coorway. ~Lorenzo
Grimaldi had a dark, rich voice to matth the dark,
rich raiment he often wore.

"Shave been contemplating the gross injustice of
this world, Uncle' she replied and brushed the curtain
aside once more. Gaesare was taking qreat pains to
pose, gesture and flourish, the better to flaunt his
bright qreen doublet, vivid blue hose and a cape made
of fine cloth-of-qold. On a well-proportioned, highly
charismatic man, the ensemble would have had a
Sassing chance at success. On her brothers portly body,

however, the combination was simply awful and
embarrassing.

‘Gust (ook at him!" she complained. "Preening
about (ike a stuffed peacock. ~ J cannot begin to
speculate how much he paid for that ridiculous
costume. But Jam certain the cost of the dye alone
would be enough to feed our entire household —
servants, quests and dogs — quite well for at (east

ear. For that much money, he migit have at (east
asked for a remotely flattering cut"

"Gal yourself, carina," the great man crooned.
"Sure sour brothers spending habits and ee taste
in ‘fasta are not responsible for this foul humor?"
She turned to face him, hands on hips, her head cocked
slightly to the side. In this posture, he noted, her dark
beauty (ent her a certain ferocity and contradicted
the iret and airy delicacy her Name was meant to

convey.

ndinele J should think that you above all people
would understand!" she exclaimed. "I could make
this famify truly qreat. J could build upon fathers

of fortiine and success. But Gaesare is the
fistions son. And so, J must marry while the great
wastrel inherits. Left to him, the wealth my father
(abored a (ifetime to build will bleed out of oir coffers
in the 6fink of an eye! And then where shall we be?
On the street! isqraced! <We shall be the
Caughingstock of "Venice!"

Lorenzo (aughed softly and strofled across the
spacious room to stand on the sun-drenched balcon
overlooking the canal. "I think, piccolina, your fears
spring less from your brothers (ack of thriftand more
rom a strong desire to remain unmaried and claim
the inheritance for_yoursel f"

Bianca left the window to stand beside her uncle,
(inking her arm with his and resting her head on his
shoulder. Only three years cg S£orenzo from
his brother, and yet tr uncle (acked the traces of
advanced age that were plainly evident in her father
In every aspect, Lorenzo retained the ardor and
vitality of a man in the prime of fife. Bianca had
pees as her favorite from an early age, and so
the bond between them was deep. aps that was
why he seemed able to peer into her heart and read her
imitermost thoughts.

"Yes; she began, "I sw JI would (ike to remain
a maiden and claim fathers fortune for my own. J
would be suing if J told you otherwise. But mi
rational self understands that mawiage is a not
and necessary contract"

And_yet>" Lorenzo prompted.

nde et; she sighed, "I find myself questioning
fathers Fudgment" She detached herself from his side
and began to pace.

"Ihave had (egitimate attentions from great men

— wealthy men! Even Giulio Gaspetti, a member
of the Serenissima and a nobleman! His father was
here to dine two months past, and you told me that
he asked for fathers opinion regard iitg a possible union.
J was certain father would (eap at such an offer But
instead ..°

"Instead he chose —Lessi" Lorenzo interupted,
placing himself directly in her path. And are the

SLessis so far beneath you? Hmm>P Are they not
a fine merchant family? One of the finest in
Venice? It is well i that the father has a
considerable fortune, which he intends to settle on his
son. A union between our two families would do
much to expand our interests"

6

"But Aessandro is as great a wastrel and a fool
as my brother!" Bianca cried, immediately reqretful
of te outburst. She paused a moment to com
herse(f and continued in calmer tones. "He has no
inclination towards business and no backbone, which
he will most certainly need if he is to carn respect
from his fathers partners and rivals"

‘But his wealth will surely buy him plenty of allies
and partners, will it not ot seh questioned,

"No amount of wealth settled upon pie will be
great enougr to com nsate for his Tack of ambition
and (ack of sense,' she responded. "My good advice and
suggestion wilt fat on Ohaf cars because as his wife
ee is clearly defined. Jam expected to be silent,

ent, and thoroughly ignorant. After all the
intricacies of the meveantile world are far too
complex for a womans weak mind to grasp!"
Ah, but ou underestimate your power as - wife
hye enzo Jed her with his deep qray eyes,
smiled and ta pped a finger aside his nose. "Sit i ic,
es, you ave (ittle move than an ornament. But in
private, your words can carry an immense weigit. If
ou must Know, it was J me encouraged the alliance
with Lessi." %

"You?" she cried, disbelieving. "But you (oathe and
despise Giusep pe ~Lessi! Youve said so at least once
pis Cay for the past five_years!"

rue enough, ~€ ovenzo calmly replied. "But what
have J always told you, Bianca,

"The deadliest sin is haste?"

"Yes, but in addition to that?"

"Never allow baser emotion to travel before
enlightened reason"

And?"

And, in all things, act towards thine own greatest
advantage:

"Precisely" Her uncle smiled and helf his arms
wide in a gesture of comfort and (ove. "Patience"
he said, gathering her to his chest. "You must trust
that J Cave on(y your best interests and greatest
advantage at heart Fhough you might not see tt now,
in Pathe Lessi there W are many, many golden

tunities. Far more than there would be with
any other at this time — even Gaspetti. J Know you
are disap pointed. J Asse my own frustration
at being passed over in favor 0 dullard of a
brother. But I (earned to see past it iti future qo od.
I never underestimated my powers 0} of persuasions nor
Lid FI Coust the strength of famil egg and
the weight of a brothers honest adVi

He released the girl from his nantacs and set her
at arms (ength a him, his hands on her shoulders.
Her head was bowed and her eyes cast downward.

"My child" he sighed, "you a a sharp and
6riCant mind — an inheritance far greater in value
than material wealth. "With that gt ii comes a high
and noble duty. Jf_you truly fear for your future

osperity, then you Teast s+ our canalng and
brilliance to protect it and to counsel those around
ou against i(-advised actions. Gome ae he
whispered, lifting her chin to Cook into her eyes. "We
must not (et oem see you in such a dark an & ismal
state. How about a game of ski((P One involvin
the canal, perhaps? J am sure it will cheer you.
the very least, it will focus your mind"

She nodded, turning her attention to the water
way below. Instinctively, she closed her eyes and
slowed her breathing. ter a few moments, the
chaotic thougits and visions that had plaqued her

melted awa 4 if they were shadows in the first
warm burst of a candle flame. "When nothing
remained but empty calm, id ned her eyes. Fhe fife
of the canal spread out in fail rich measure, and
wherever her ca shifted, she sougit to reveal the
smallest details of that vibrant, pageant.

"What do you see, Bianca?" her uncle asked,
coming to stand immediately behind her.

"The courtesan, La SE icas. has a new
hee eta she replied. 2A gift from the Gardinal — see

he bees ane, into the canop y> She wants to be
sure her other (overs have an unity to see the
new gift. Otherwise she would take the shorter route
along the Grand Ganal to her apartments. Shé been
in the market buying figs"

How fi idy ou come to that conclusion?" ~L orenzo
asked. "AM cy sig is sharp, but J see no evidence
of a trip % et, (et alone figs"

Biases 1 pointed to the passing oft "See how the

Siow is slightly se ee x the ‘gt? Francescas

nd olier is new and very young. < ably nicked

he boat making the turn out o ties Rialto and onto

the connecting canal. Most seasoned boatmen could

make the turn with ease, but a (ess experienced man
would encounter difficulty"

And the figs?"

"Vito Martelli has expressed some interest in
holding custom with her as of (ate. Jt is likely she
plans to call upon him, as he is at home today and
has recent(y come into fashionable society. Fis are
his favorite delicacy, and rumor has ithe considers
them to have stimulating qu ualities"

Acceptable reasoning "What else?"

Her eyes made another sweep across the scene
below. * "Gate men, in the boat across the water, fie in

wait and watch the traffic. ACC conceal weapons of
some sort. See the unnatural way in which the
pretend to relax? But (ook! Now they stir to
action" She (eaned forwart slightly and shaded her
ae uinting into the distance. Ah! A Fiorello

arge has merged into the canal — the color and
markings ave unmistakable, even at this distance.
Shey must be ship ping something other than oa
in Those barrels. Probably wool or finished cloth

judging from how the ship rides high in the water J
know who those men are now! Shey work for Gremio
Aboria — the (eaders left glove bears his mark. J fo
not think Gremio likes the unfair competition"

Again, a fine application of skill. "Well done"

. Lorenzo praised, then stoo up to his full heigit.
"Now J think we will have kept everyone waiting
(ong enough . . "

"Wait" Bianca said and waved him forward.
"Whose gondola is that? Shave seen the boatmans
colors before, but J fo not recognize the crest"

He followed her pointing finger to a small craft
resting in the bend of the canal, the view sligitl
obstructed by the courtyard wall. As Bianca ha
noted, the boatman wore blue and white livery that
could have belonged to at (east three noble families.
But the silver crest adorning the mans chest was
indeed unfamiliar — or it would have been to anyone
outside of the High Guild. Her uncle recognized it
at once.

"J must confess, J fo not Know' he lied. "Perhaps
a visiting noble from Padua or "Verona? But we
shalt sofve that mystery later. Andiam, fanciullas
Go and qreet_your new family. Fell them J follow
close behind"

She smiled and kissed his cheek, smoothed her hair
and her dress, then hurried out of the room. ~Lorenzo

10

waited for the sound of her feet on the stairs
before he turned back to study the gondola. His
eyes, once warm and smiling, were now cold
With sharp intensity and terrible clarity of
LLY pose.
" Success has made you bold, Angela he
defi i ae peat ou careless. ihn
ay into my hand, just as IRnew you would.
fay. at ou wish, tradi tor. Sor wn is
weakend al( fa((. But mineP Jintend to
make a queen of mine, and then i you and Lessi
both shall suffer"



INTRODUCTION

Technology had won a position of esteem altogether
new. Personified by the master mason in the construction
yard of a rising cathedral, the skills that Aristotle had
disdained as too commonplace to be worthy of study were
turning out to possess mysteries and promises to intrigue the

most inquiring intellects.

he Grimaldi's great marble hall was
alive with sound. Music, laughter and
the excited twitter of songbirds in wo-
ven flower cages enveloped the happy
celebrants as they cheered and toasted
the newest bride and bridegroom of
Venice. Alessandro and Bianca sat with their families at
atable on a raised dias in the center of the room. The table
> itself was draped in a richly embroidered cloth of pure silk
from the East and sprinkled with fresh rose petals. On it
was spread a feast of fish, fowl and lamb, illuminated by
lightly scented candles in heavy silver candelabras. Ser-
vants in gold brocade and red velvet livery passed trays
filled with aromatic spiced meats, smooth cheeses and fat,
ripe olives. Lively dancers spun and twirled and jumped in
time to the volta, while children dressed as cherubini

— Cathedral, Forge, and Waterwheel

carried tiny spun sugar baskets filled with sweets to the
surrounding guests.

In a relatively quiet comer, Giulio Caspetti re-
clined against a marble column and studied the woman who
was to have been his. As a bride, Bianca was even more
beautiful than usual, her light olive skin more radiant, her
deep brown hair more lustrous. He watched her laugh and
chatter with her new husband, her face flushed and ner-
vous. Like any other newly married girl of sixteen, she was
more than likely anticipating the mysteries of the marriage
bed. He couldn't fault her for that, but if the courtesans'
gossip was correct, he pitied her the disappointment she was
certain to experience.

"Enjoying the feast, Giulio?"


THE ORDER
OF REASON

He tumed to find Bianca's uncle standing at his
shoulder, wineglass in hand. The older man's eyes were
fixed on the feast table as well.

"Actually, Master," he replied, "I was admiring the
bride. Rather amusing, I would say, seeing as she should
be mine."

Lorenzo Grimaldi laughed and clapped the young man
on the shoulder. "I promised you a union with my niece,
f thatis true. But an opportunity presented itself and I could
not, in good conscience, let it pass us by."

"Us?" Giulio questioned. "I do not follow your
meaning."

Lorenzo beckoned him to draw closer. "Are you aware
that Lessi has a close and personal friend in Angela
Fabrizi?" he whispered.

"No. But surely she cannot possibly . . ."

"Yes," Lorenzo broke in. "And to be honest, as of
late, my thoughts have often drifted towards ways in which

"And they said that spike missed your heart," Giulio
muttered into his glass and quickly took a swallow of wine.
"What did you have in mind?"

"Let us retire to the library where we might speak
privately," the older man replied.

Giulio nodded and set down his wineglass. He took a
final lingering gaze at Bianca and dutifully followed.

More Light!

After a thousand years of darkness, the light of
reason is dawning across Europe. Since the fall of
Rome in the mid-fifth century, Europe has struggled
through a millennium of stagnation and intellectual
lethargy. By the mid-fifteenth century, Western civi-
lization is looking less to the past and more to the
future. In all fields of art and science, revolutions
redefine the world. At the vanguard stand Renais-
sance men and women whose mastery of a wide array
of scholarly disciplines engenders the times with a
spirit of change.

Yet there is a limit to how much change the Dark
Fantastic world can endure. The cities of Europe may
be very cosmopolitan, but in more shadowy realms,
anyone who differs too much from the common man_
may be mistrusted, maligned or feared. Some histori-
ans recall these as the Burning Times, an era that
conjures up images of witches at the stake and heretics
on the inquisitor's rack. Within a few decades, how-
ever, the aftermath of the Protestant Reformation will
turn Christian against Christian and neighbor against
neighbor as well, leading to executions over differing
interpretations of the same faith.

Consider against this backdrop the secluded scholar
who unearths lost teachings from the Ancients and
keeps them hidden, the surgeon who dares to violate
a human body by cutting it open, the craftsman who
creates infernal devices and cannot explain how they
function. Thousands of such visionaries are allied
within one great secret society — the Order of Reason.

With its hidden knowledge, the Order could eas-
ily use Renaissance royalty and clergy to change the
course of human history. Instead, members choose to
invest this knowledge in an elite few who can temper
ambition with reason, visionary scientists and scholars
who challenge the established order. Because such
activities may be misunderstood, the Order cloaks its
achievements within common facades and elaborate
intrigues. If it does not keep its crafts hidden, its
accomplishments may be seized and exploited. And
after the Inquisition and Reformation begin, if mem-
bers do not keep their true power concealed, they may
be hunted as well.

In the Dark Fantastic age, miraculous occurrences
of any kind appear suspicious, especially to those who
are made to feel powerless by comparison. If a scholar
or scientist is subtle, he can banish the fear that comes
with ignorance. If he is not careful, then he may die by
the flame as surely as any witch, warlock or sorcerer.
The brilliance that illuminates the fifteenth century
may set the world ablaze with insight . . . or it may
consume the vain few who choose to play too close to
its fire.


ma (

INTRODUCTION

The outcome, at least in this version of history,
depends on you and your troupe of players. In this
drama, you have the chance to portray one of the most
J visionary and inspirational representatives of man-
kind. The world is a dark and dangerous place, but
with Promethean flames, Enlightened heroes hold
back the gloom.

Gathered around the
Slames

The Order of Reason is, quite simply, an alliance
of some of the most visionary, creative and inspired
people in Renaissance Europe. Scholars, scientists,
artists, explorers, merchants and masters of medicine
all benefit from the society's sponsorship and patron-
age. Across the continent, guildhalls, lodges, schools
and laboratories provide far more than tutelage and
financial support — they form meeting places for
societies of like-minded individuals.

The heroes of the Order are known as Daedaleans.
They advance an ideal straight from Greek myth: with
sufficient creativity and insight, a visionary can dream
the impossible and make it reality. This is not done out
of conceit or vanity, but for the benefit of mankind.
Daedalus himself did not labor for wealth or privilege,
but for the opportunity to pursue his studies and aid
those who supported them. Of course, there were
those who tried to exploit him (including the legend-
ary King Minos), but such pretension invariably leads
to despair.

Secret Brotherhoods

Theoretically, anyone demonstrating scientific or
scholarly accomplishment, philosophical prowess or
artistic genius is capable of becoming a brother of the
Order. Travelers arrive from across the continent to
petition for membership in its lodges and guildhalls,
never realizing the true power hidden behind the
walls. Some petitioners impress the right master and
earn a period of apprenticeship. Others have the
aptitude (and all-important tuition) to attend a regu-

lar collegium. A few earn their rights within a lodge
merely by making a handsome donation to the right
High Guild merchant. Regardless, it is the spirit of the
effort that is important: sacrificing for the betterment
of mankind. In any of the great cities of Renaissance
Europe, the door to the lodge hall is open if only you
have the courage to step inside.

Brethren form the foundation of the Order. With-
out their efforts it would surely fall. They consider
themselves equals with the rest of the Order, receiving
initiations in its lodges, studying beside other
Daedaleans in universities, laboring tirelessly in
craftsmen's forges, and hawking shamelessly to build
High Guild business. Secret brotherhoods (and sister-
hoods) uphold the Order's ideals as best they can. Yet
behind closed doors, in chambers of perfect math-
ematical measure, there is a hidden society that directs

in its ranks than those who do not.

The Order of Reason is structured like a great
labyrinth. Hundreds of men and women wander
through its corridors, but few find their way to the
mysteries hidden in the center. Many fervently hope
that they may find the door or passageway within this
maze that will lead them closer. Brilliant brethren do.
Ina visionary, philosophical breakthrough, a brother
achieves the first degree of Enlightenment and enters
the next circle of the labyrinth. As he pursues further
degrees of insight, he may achieve higher ranks within
the Order, eventually becoming an initiate, mediator,
resplendent and so on. These lower ranks are collec-
tively known as the Outer Labyrinth.

Asa scholar advances in the Order, she proceeds
to the center of this maze, gaining additional terms of
distinction — adept and master are the most common.
The adepts and masters of the Order collectively form
the Inner Labyrinth.

Regardless of title, all visionaries can be measured
by the same rule. All of them are Enlightened
Daedaleans possessing what Traditional mages call
Arete. Various schools, trade guilds and secret societ-
ies develop these gifts; they are organized into eight
Conventions of Enlightened arts and sciences. The
eight Conventions are political societies as well, re-


THE ORDER
OF REASON

nity.

Many brethren believe they will advance in the
Order if they work hard enough and sacrifice for the
good of the common populace. Hard work and gener-
osity have their own rewards, but among the
Daedaleans, more selective processes recognize bril-
liance.

Enlightened Arts

A Daedalean's studies rely on art, philosophy,
science and scholarship. In the spirit of the Renais-
sance, there is no distinction between art and science;
music and mathematics dance to the same rhythms.
As one would expect, the Order does not claim ass
"ciation with anything as superstitious as "magic
Instead, Daedaleans are instructed in the subtle arts of
Enlightened science. Unlike the Nine Traditions,
they do notsee anything supernatural in what they do.
In fact, they fervently believe they are trained to
oppose such forces, protecting mankind from the dan-
gers of the occult.

With this in mind, Daedaleans do not see them-
selves as sorcerers. They are merely men using
mankind's God-given tools of reason. Scholars, artists
and scientists use practical methods, not mystical
ones. If they achieve unexpected and wildly enhanced
results, it is due to their mastery of their respective
fields of study. When heroes perform miraculous feats,
they do so using Renaissance science, or at least in
accordance with the philosophy and spirit of the time.
They may build brilliantstructures, devise subtle truths,
or be extraordinarily convincing, but in every case,
their work results from the triumph of reason.

Granted, their methods may seem a trifle bizarre,
even by modern standards. A scholar peering at the
world through polished crystal lenses may seem odd. A
soldier launching fiery weapons at his foes, striking
them down with unerring accuracy, may seem eccen-
tric, or even terrifying. Alchemy, astrology and sacred
geometry might seem like esoteric arts to us, but they
lie at the cutting edge of Enlightened craft. Daedaleans
see what they do as rational and scientific, even if it is
inspired, visionary or wildly creative.

A Change in Perspective

Order of Reason positsa different approach to
playing Mage, and like any "paradigm shift," it
takes time to learn. In this version of the game,
Daedaleans do not see what they do as magical or
even supernatural. Enlightened craft may manifest
as a mastery of Renaissance arts and sciences,
insight, creative vision or outright heroics. Yet no
matter what the results, all acts of Enlightened craft
performed by the Outer Labyrinth are casual. In
brutal terms, Daedaleans of the Outer Labyrinth
never perform acts of "vain magic." In fact, they do
not see what they do as magic at all. We'll define
this more in chapter 2.

This distinction is the principal difference
between a modem, traditional game of Mage anda
historical Order of Reason chronicle. In the mod-
er version of the game, mages spend a great deal of
time convincing others they donot practice magic.
In this one, Daedaleans convince themselves that
they are not drawing on sorcerous or supernatural
forces. While Enlightened science may use the
same game mechanics as magic, it is based on a
separate system of belief. At times, it is as though
the players are misleading the very heroes they
portray. We use game mechanics; players see the
results and define them in their own way.

Here's another layer of reality to keep in mind:
in Sorcerers Crusade, magic, faith and reason all
spring from the same source. No one system of
belief is absolute. As is often the case with this
game, reality depends on your point of view. In this
spirit, a Daedalean's craft is not magic disguised as
science, it has its own rules and limits. Enlightened
science is not simply a matter of substituting a
telescope for a crystal ball. It is not another ap-
proach to magic, since that word is not necessary to
describe it. Daedaleans simply see the world differ-
ently and define it in different terms, especially in
the Outer Labyrinth.

For the Inner Labyrinth, it's a different world.
But we won't need to worry about this until chapter
4. For now, we'll focus on the basics. You've only
justentered the labyrinth. The best way to illustrate
these conceptsiswith examples, and thissourcebook
has plenty of them. As with any work of Enlight-
enedart, patience and persistence can yield amazing
results.


INTRODUCTION

Zs

Laying the Foundation

This tome lays the foundation for a long-lasting
Order of Reason chronicle. It does not matter whether
you want to profit from the businesses of the High
Guild, explore the darkest corners of Europe with
Titan Armor and a Craftmason's pistol, or set sail to
the heavens on a Seeker's Skyrigger. The elemental
principles remain the same. Let us lay the foundations,
and you may build a temple of reason reaching to the
heavens.

You don't need to be an expert in Renaissance
history or philosophy to play this game. Sorcerers
Crusade and Order of Reason include enough back-
ground and game mechanics to get you started. Don't
think this book is only intended for Storytellers,
either. Portraying a Daedalean hero, you must pursue
your own tales of triumph. Within the pages of this
guide, you'll see the resources and allies you have at
hand. We will illustrate the basic principles of En-
lightened arts so you can gather your cabal and set off
where you will to illumine the world with your bril-
liance.

Chapter 1 will show you the resources you will
have at your command, from the patronage of great
men and women to the opportunities to advance
academic, financial and idealistic pursuits.

Chapter 2 reveals the intricacies of the Enlight-
ened arts, beginning with the very foundations.

Chapter 3 presents numerous examples of com-
mon Effects used by Daedaleans. While an
accomplished hero may devise a great many inventive
applications for Enlightened arts from the guidelines
in chapter 2, this chapter offers concrete examples
your hero can use as early as the first session of a
chronicle.

Chapter 4 reveals the secrets of the Inner Laby-
rinth. First, learn of the debates and dilemmas that
divide the adepts of the Order. Then hear of the Inner
Mysteries that unite them.

Chapter 5 gives ideas for character creation, in-
cluding more thorough interpretations of guilds and
Backgrounds. A few ingenious devices are included to
give your heroes the strength they need to tackle the f&
most Herculean labors. This chapter also includes a ¥j
variety of scholars, scientists, explorers and visionaries
to aid your cabal. For the Storyteller, this section
reveals some of the accomplished adepts and masters
of the Inner Mysteries.

Finally, the Appendix is expressly for the Story-
teller, providing a wealth of suggestions on how to run
an Order of Reason chronicle.

Vale, filius! We hail you, brother! Let the crusade
begin!



CHAPTER ONE: fz
THE OUTER
LABYRINTH

The story is told . . . of the great Minos, king of the
island-empire of Crete in the period of its commercial
supremacy: how he hired the celebrated artist-craftsman
Daedaleus to invent and construct for him a labyrinth, in
which to hide something of which the palace was at once

ashamed and afraid.

ih

AM
BOWS : 5, 5
RA cusi, Signora.. .

Nyy Y Bianca looked up from her book
a Ql into the stem face of her husband's
manservant.

"Is everything all right, Paolo?"

ihe

a SH "Allis well, my lady. You have a
| guest," he replied and handed her a folded piece of parch-
Sy ment sealed with a smooth lump of wax. There was nothing

to indicate who might have sent it. She broke the seal and

read these words:
Fanciulla d' Este invites you to join her and other
Me worthy ladies
of Venice at her home this morning for refresh-
ment, fellowship and conversation.
"And the one who delivered this?" she asked.
"He is waiting in the courtyard," Paolo replied. His
mouth puckered into a displeased frown.

— Joseph Campbell, Hero of a Thousand Faces

Bianca dismissed the man with a small wave of her
hand. She waited until he had left the room and then reread
the note before descending the stairs to greet the visitor.
Entering the courtyard, she was surprised to find Giulio
Caspetti there.

"Senator! This is a surprise. I expected . . ."

"A servant?" he smiled. "Well, in this instance, | am
a servant of sorts. I have been asked to act as your escort
. . . that is, if you accept the invitation."

"Should I?" she asked. "I have never been formally
introduced to this person. But you know her. . ."

"And I vouch that she is a woman of excellent charac-
ter. I consider her to be a close friend and a sage adviser."

"One who has the power to transform a senator into a
servant," she teased. "Is this some new function of the
Serenisima? Escorting the wives of Venice to midmoming
luncheons?"

SSE


ips

THE ORDER
OF REASON

"You jest, but this is more than a trifling social call, "
Giulio replied. "Some of the most talented, influential
women in the city attend the Signora's gatherings."

"So why have I been invited? While I may be brilliant,
I am far from influential."

"You are a Grimaldi and you have married Lessi's
heir. You are most definitely influential." He smiled and
kissed her hand. "I sometimes think you underestimate
yourself."

"And think youhave quite the talent for flattery," she
blushed.

"Lonly speak the truth. In any event, the Signora has
extended her invitation upon your uncle's highest recom-
mendation."

"My uncle is a part of this?"

"Of course. He has been preparing you for this since
you were achild," he responded. "Only a small handful of
people have talents and abilities such as your own. Imagine
what a group of equally talented individuals can do when
they get together to converse and exchange ideas! You
might have the power to change the world, transform it."

Bianca laughed. "Change the world? At a ladies'
lunch?"

"Just come and see. Please?" She looked carefully into
his eyes and considered her opportunity. Thoughts began
to play out upon the walls of her mind. Giulio Caspetti
would never attempt to hold her prisoner in her own home.
He would never have the audacity to tell her whom she
could and could not entertain while he was away. He might
even transform marital relations into a fulfilling experi-
ence.

Looking over her shoulder, back into the house, Bianca
noted that Paolo was watching, his mouth sour and his
disapproval evident. She gave him a defiant smile and took
Giulio's arm.

The Door]s Open

To initiates, the Order of Reason is a benevolent
meritocracy, a wealthy and independent organization
dedicated to advancing the frontiers of science and
protecting mankind's well-being. The rest of the world,
of course, knows nothing of the intricate web support-
ing such disparate places as inventors' laboratories,

Diversity inthe Order

In many ways, the Order of Reason is ahead
of its time. Unlike most of Renaissance Europe,
it can recognize brilliance in any visionary who
applies for initiation. For the women of the
Order, there are far more opportunities for rec-
ognition, advancementand education than there
are in the ordinary world. Every Daedalean has
a reason for supporting the Order. Some people
do so because it offers education and opportuni-
ties that normally would not be available to
them.

Thus, almost every time you see the word he
in this book, you may substitute she. Brother and
brotherhood may be replaced with sister and sister-
hood. The words brethren and hero are not
intended to be gender specific, nor are the roles
of wealthy merchants, visionary inventors, schol-
ars, masters and Maximi. Furthermore, ahandful
of lodges have been. recruiting Enlightened
women and men in Arabia, Cathay and Africa.
To belabor the point, the Order was created for
all of the common populace, not just white
European males. This openness gives the organi-
zation a significant edge in opposing ignorance
and superstition. Welcome to the Dark Fantas-
tic age.

scholars' universities, religious retreats and merchant
houses. Outsiders have little reason to believe that the
many and diverse tasks various guilds and lodges
pursue are all organized by the same vast and altruistic
organization.

The citizens of a prosperous city may see a wealthy
widow sponsor a library here or a merchant support a
school of healing there, but no sign, sigil or symbol 7
openly identifies or connects a seemingly prosperous
guildhall or lodge to the secretive Order of Reason.
Enlightened ones may identify hidden signs and alle-
gories, but the very idea of an alliance of scientists and
visionaries reaching across all of Europe and beyond
would sound like pure fantasy to the average person.


CHAPTER ONE:
THE OUTER
= LABYRINTH

aj

No grand scheme can be fulfilled without cautious
planning. The Order pursues myriad (and sometimes
conflicting) goals. Brethren never realize the vast
J projects their guild dues support, and resplendents
don't always understand the consequences of their
cabal's actions. Before our story can begin, we must
devise reasons why our heroes are drawn together.
Conspiracy is afoot, and as our heroes' world is illumi-
nated by visionary reason, dark and furtive creatures
skulk in the shadows. Give the heroes a lodge to house
them, wealthy benefactors to sponsor them and the
tools of science, and soon they will drive ignorance
and superstition from the world of the common popu-
lace.

Rank

In struggles against ignorance and darkness,
Daedalean heroes turn the tide of battle. Great accom-
plishments earn grand rewards. Each Convention has
its own methods of recognizing rank and achievement,
from the thirty-three degrees of distinction among
Craftmasons to the unspoken separations between
Ksirafai. Yet within the Orderasa whole, all Daedaleans
can be measured by the same rubric. All titles corre-
spond to the five degrees of Enlightenment: initiate,
mediator, resplendent, adept and master.

A Daedalean may have some title of distinction
within his Convention, but he also has a "rank" within
the Order as a whole. This five-tiered system is consid-
ered formal. A visitor to the White Tower of Languedoc
may be addressed or referred to by his formal title, but
when cabals work together far from its sheltered walls,
such distinctions are less important. Only afew heroes
insist on referring to each other by these titles. Some
even try to impress other cabalists by using the titles
from their respective Conventions, but in most cases,
Daedaleans know each other by name and profession.
While brethren believe their titles are awarded to
recognize service, dedication and accomplishment,
practitioners of the Inner Mysteries suspect a deeper
truth. A Daedalean's degree of Enlightenment refers
to his potential, or Arete. Scholars of the Inner
Mysteries possesses lengthy, elaborate and sometimes
torturous rotes for measuring this potential.

Zs

In game terms:

— Characters with Arete 1 are acknowledged as
initiates.

— Those with Arete 2 are called mediators.

—Heroeswith Arete 3 are esteemed asresplendents.

These three ranks of Daedaleans are also collec-
tively known as the Outer Labyrinth. Rank hath its
privileges, of course, and resplendents are treated very
differently from humble initiates. Just as silver, anoble
metal and mythical "herald of the gods," has properties
baser metals do not, distinguished Daedaleans are sent
out as the vanguard of the Order, often leading the
brethren and initiates who learn from them.

A typical cabal is composed of Daedaleans from all
three "social classes." The Order rarely sends only
resplendents to deal with a problem. Mediators must

attend to their support and provisioning, and initiates E>

should not miss the opportunity to learn from their xt

tutelage. Thus, it is not uncommon for a third of the
heroes in a cabal to be resplendents, a third to be
mediators, and a third to be initiates.

Hidden Mysteries:
Enlightenment and Arete

You have witnessed the first mystery of the
Inner Labyrinth. The Outer Labyrinth thinks of
Enlightenment as a philosophical and heroic
accomplishment, but adepts and masters can
measure it precisely.

Scholars of the Inner Labyrinth use ques-
tioning, tests and trials to measure a Daedalean's
degree of Enlightenment, deducing the rank she
should have in the Order of Reason. Adepts
know there is a supernatural component behind
such Enlightenment, but to encourage
Daedaleans to develop it properly — without
succumbing to the quick and easy temptations of
sorcery — they keep the truth hidden. Unless
the hero betrays the Order and becomes a sor-
cerer, he follows a different path than that of the
magus.

In game terms, a character with a higher
Arete rating begins with a higher rank than does
a hero with a lower one. We know this, but
unfortunately the heroes of our story do not.


THE ORDER
OF REASON >

"Master! I seem to have found something!"

Initiates have only just begun to realize the vast
possibilities the Order affords them. Most are begin-
ning to see the world suffused in a new light, and they
are exceedingly perceptive. Initiates have a tendency
to draw strange conclusions from what they see around
them, even while they peer through crystals, tele-
scopes and magnifying lenses . . . or over the sights of
the weapons they wield. The majority of them have a
rough understanding of how the Order works, but
because they've recently emerged from a life among
the common populace, they tend to be more con-
cerned with the world around them.

When working with a cabal, initiates are often
treated as observers learning from the example of more
< seasoned Daedaleans. They should not be treated with

through experience. Because of their insight, initiates
are enlisted for surveillance over minor, mundane
threats. They also have a greater knack for operating
Enlightened inventions and other ingenious Devices
than brethren do. A few lodges take advantage of this,
but even then, initiates are Enlightened enough to be
more useful than mere brethren.

While initiates are accorded the lowest of the
three ranks in the Outer Labyrinth, they're encour-
aged to occasionally pursue investigation
independently of the rest of their cabal. As a matter of
etiquette, while a mediator or resplendent may make
demands of them, initiates have the opportunity to
search wherever they please. The only notable excep-
tion is when they either pry into the activities of
higher ranking Daedaleans or mess about with some-
thing that might threaten everyone's survival.

Mediators

"T'll speak to the brethren. We should set up watch
outside the encampment around the clock."

Mediators are responsible for supervising brethren
and initiates while resplendents rush off into danger,
taking the biggest risks. Mediators are also practical
enough to keep the cabal organized and working

Storyteller Notes: Initiates

Initiates make for excellent temporary,
starting characters in an Order of Reason
chronicle. They can tag along and ask unusual
questions without getting in over their head.
Thus, they're ideal for first-time players. Once
a new player has roleplayed through a com-
plete chapter of a chronicle, the Storyteller
may encourage him to trade in his initiate
("There's work to be done back at the lodge!")
foramore accomplished resplendent. If there's
a person in your group who's never played
Sorcerers Crusade, portraying an initiate is
an ideal way for her to start the game. Above
and beyond anything else, it gives an excuse to
ask all the obvious questions.

Of course, some players get attached to
their characters very quickly. If you like, you
may decide to set aside the initiate's Freebie
Points at the beginning of his first chapter,
then give them back at the end. If the player
decides to spend those points to raise the
character's initial Arete, it's simple to justify
within the story: give the Daedalean a sudden
revelation and flood his mind with Enlighten-
ment. A shocking, traumaticor revealing event
might raise both the Daedalean's understand-
ing of reality and a few subplots for further
investigation.

If all of the players are familiar with this
game, the Storyteller may want to place a few
of her own initiates in the cabal. They make
for excellent "mouthpiece" characters — a
clever Storyteller speaks through them when
the characters seem stuck. Of course, if the
resplendents ask them directly to solve their
problems for them, they'll get a lot of confused
looks and shameful remarks, Because initiates
have a fresh perspective on the world, they
often come up with flashes of brilliance that
leave their superiors stunned.


———= CHAPTER ONE:
THE OUTER
LABYRINTH

PG together, especially when conflicts arise in their secret
conspiracy. Initiates and resplendents have strange
and wonderful ideas about the world, but they have
even stranger ideas about each other. Resplendents

tire of initiates' unflagging enthusiasm; initiates often
consider their older compatriots cynical and egotisti-
cal. Mediators, as the name suggests, often find
themselves caught in the middle.

No mediator would dare explore or face the un-
known without a few loyal brethren standing by to aid
him. If brethren are sent to aid a cabal, a few mediators
should also be present to speak on their behalf. When
initiates feel as though they are being taken for granted,
the mediators must inform their superiors of this
oversight. In a cabal, mediators also attend to many of
the day-to-day tasks that help keep theirallies equipped,
provisioned and prepared.

While resplendents have been accorded a higher
rank than mediators, few would question a mediator's
judgment where survival, supplies or other practical

matters are concerned. Resplendents do not always
"lead" a cabal; they're usually more concerned with
taking on the greatest dangers. When resplendents are
reckless enough to endanger everyone, mediators have
a responsibility to raise practical concerns.

Resplendents
"Draw your swords, men! ‘Tis the Devil's work, and
we must fight it with the last ounce of our strength!"
Resplendents have mastered many of the Outer
Mysteries of the Order . . . or at least they think they @%
have. Most are merely waiting for the moment when >
they can demonstrate true mastery of their craft.

When this happens, no doubt they'll be promoted to
the k of adept and given a chance to ove

themselves. Most prefer to leave the schools where
they've studied and explore the world around them.


THE ORDER
OF REASON

— a

While they certainly have the option to labor end-
lessly at the lodge where they've struggled for years, it's
far more rewarding to become the agent or factotum of
a powerful patron.

Cabals

When Daedaleans of like minds gather, they do so
in cabals, secret and often temporary alliances. As the
name suggests, a cabal is a sort of conspiracy, or at least
the result of a clever bit of intrigue. While the Order
acts for the benefit of the common man, it has many
reasons for hiding its true activities. First, and perhaps
foremost, the Order is composed of many different
guilds, and like any mundane guild, each one needs to
keep its trade secrets to itself.

Second, the Order recruits some of the most
powerful and talented visionaries in Renaissance Eu-
rope, and dark supernatural forces often confront or
conspire against them. For practical reasons, mankind
is safer if it does not fully realize the supernatural and
magical threats that surround it, or the Order's in-
volvement with these threats. Perhaps one day the
human race may live untroubled by threats of the
supernatural, but for now, man is far from the master
of his own world.

Keep in mind that the practitioners of the Inner
Mysteries know that dark forces have infiltrated their
own ranks. Some adepts have begun to secretly study
sorcery, while others have succumbed to infernal temp-
tations. Before the Order can fully illumine the world
it lives in and reveal itself to the mundane populace,
it must first eradicate shadowy and sinister schemes
within its own secret societies.

When one adept needs to cautiously investigate
another, intrigue results. A cabal may assemble spe-
cifically for that one task. Sometimes more selfish
motives are involved. Because many of the Order's
sponsors and benefactors want to achieve great ideals
before their rivals do, they tend to attract a diverse
group of heroes to do their dirty work. Their goals must
be kept hidden, both from their rivals and the mun-

dane world.

Three types of cabals are prevalent throughout the
Order of Reason. Heroes who tell tales of their adven-
tures may never use these terms, but Storytellers in our
world do: conventional cabals, lodge cabals and coopera-
tive cabals. Your Storyteller should reveal what type of
"cabal concept" she wants to use before an adventure
begins. If she's planning the foundation of a long-term
chronicle, it's also a good idea to establish why the
characters have been brought together and what pur-
pose they serve within the Order.

Conventional Cabals

Conventional cabals, quite simply, are composed
entirely of loyal Daedaleans from the same Conven-
tion. The Order of Reason has eight such Conventions,
each with its own area of expertise, dangers, dilemmas
and specialized style of scientific or scholarly practice.
While Conventions spend a certain amount of time
negotiating with each other's representatives, brokering
for the various resources required for day-to-day sur-
vival, each one also has specialties it can handle
admirably on its own.

Thus, when the Craftmasons tire of rushing off to
the Cosians whenever someone is wounded, they call
for a member of their own Chalice Guild to aid them.
When the Cosians get sick of paying off the Artificers
to guard their healers traveling into dangerous lands,
they recruit members of their mercenaries' guild, the
Phyloxai, to protect them. Seekers launching Skyriggers
into the heavens don't want some inexperienced land-
lubber to be standing around all day leaning on his
crossbow, so each ship has its own complement of
marines to make sure the decks are secure.

Of course, the Eight Conventions do not always
agree on common purposes, no matter how diplomatic
the secret masters of each one may be. There are times
when the members of one Convention are at odds with
another. When the heroes of conventional cabals tell
atale of adventure to their friends back at the guildhall,
the rivals of another Convention are common adver-
saries. Sometimes this is friendly rivalry, but when
adepts from two Conventions scheme against each
other, the consequences can be brutal. With great


CHAPTER ONE:
THE OUTER
LABYRINTH

power at stake, conventional cabals are sometimes
recruited into such intrigues.

Lodge Cabals

Some scholars prefer to spend years at a time — or
even a lifetime — securing a safe position of authority
and opportunity in a particular lodge. The Order of
Reason maintains a vast array of schools, forges, mer-
cantile houses, healing houses, preceptories and
monasteries that span the continent. Particularly En-
lightened folk speak of crays, gathering places for
people of influence and intellect. Isolated crays may
attract only a handful of scholars and philosophers,
but some of the more esteemed ones can attract dozens
of devoted Daedaleans. Whenever brilliant minds
gather, politics and schemes soon follow.

The average lodge (if such a term can be used) is
home to at least three or four cabals. Some of these
gatherings are quite open. If a handful of Enlightened
ones needs to attend to the maintenance of the lodge
and uphold relations with the people who live around
it, then the first cabal specializes in mundane matters.
The most powerful and influential adept of this cabal
is called the magistrate. He oversees all other adepts in
the lodge.

Once the lodge is prosperous, a second cabal soon
follows, carrying out the task for which the lodge was
first established, whether that's industry, study, heal-
ing or mercantile pursuits. Sometimes all resident
cabals belong to the same guild. After the lodge
becomes productive, a third cabal is established to
protect it from dangers or to explore the region that
surrounds it.

All too often, after affairs at the lodge become all
consuming, the lodge will welcome a group of idealis-
tic young visionaries to handle all the bizarre tasks the
more esteemed Daedaleans are too busy to handle.
Caravans of goods and materials must be escorted.
Thieves who place designs on the lodge's wealth must
be stopped. Mysterious and unexplainable events must
be investigated. In return for room, board, instruction
anda modest financial stipend, this cabal isasked to do
anything and everything to keep its home safe, pros-

Za

perous and healthy. When the day is done and they
retire to the guildhall for a mug of ale and a good story,
members of this last cabal are usually the ones with the
most thrilling and unusual tales to tell.

A lodge cabal doesn't have to be a permanent
association. Some young conspirators travel across the
continent, serving a variety of lodges as they go. The
Order encourages such exploration. Many Conven-
tions think a hero should see the world before he
decides what role he should play in the Order. It's not
uncommon for a resplendent to serve one lodge for a
while, ally with a local cabal, and then move on to the
next one. Some heroes correspond with adepts in
many different lodges, waiting to hear of opportuni-
ties, phenomena or intrigues that help further their
education.

A resplendent merchant, for instance, could use his
financial connections in the Order to maintain a
business, act as an ardent suitor to an attractive young
noblewoman and discuss literature with a group of
scholars at a local café each week, all while conspiring
with cabalists at the local lodge. Renaissance men and
women are known to dabble in many different inter-
ests at once. A lodge cabal adds a bit of spice toa hero's
life, not only with danger and intrigue, but by reveal-
ing what happens behind the scenes of the mundane
world.

Cooperative Cabals

Daedaleans seeking adventurous lives seize oppor-
tunity wherever they can find it. In the Renaissance,
it is not unusual for a wealthy or esteemed scholar to
travel across the continent and see the world before
retiring to years of study at a university. Of course,
without a sizable personal fortune, seeing the world in
all its glory is a costly proposition. Traveling is not
without its dangers, either. With companions beside
you and the support of a patron who believes in you, on
the other hand, the world is yours. Cooperative cabals
— that is, alliances of disparate Daedaleans from


THE ORDER
OF REASON :

thrilling tales of the Order's exploits. To understand
how these associations work, we must first understand
the patrons who sponsor them.

Patronage

Cabals do not ally through mere chance or conve-
nience. While they may assemble gradually, one scholar
or scientist at a time, it is far more common for
someone influential or powerful to bring them all
together. The first time a cabal works together, it is
often through the sponsorship or intervention of a
powerful patron. Cooperative cabals depend on pa-
trons almost exclusively, but it is not uncommon for a
high-ranking representative of a Convention to as-
semble acabal. In the same spirit, a powerful conspirator
within a lodge might enlist a lodge cabal to help
further his own personal agenda.

Outside the Order, patronage is common. A rich
merchant may hire a gifted artist to create a master-
piece; anoble ruler may keep an astrologer asa courtier;
an elderly man of wealth and privilege may require the
ministrations of a master physician; a slighted lover
can toss a bag of coins to the assassin who will secure
her peace of mind. The Renaissance would be notably
different without such occurrences. Michelangelo and
Leonardo do not make a living by reaping profits
directly from their own creations. Wealthy benefac-
tors pay their bills so they can create in (relative)
peace. Sometimes patronage is simply a matter of
tolerance. Erasmus, for instance, is able to create some
of the most brilliant satires of the age because King
Henry prevents the Church from taking revenge.

Within the Order of Reason, serving an influen-
tial patron has great rewards . . . and great obligations.
It isn't suitable for everyone. Some scholars and scien-
tists would rather remain secluded within guildhalls,
laboratories and universities. Isolated in places of
comfort and security, they rarely have to deal with
Daedaleans from other Conventions. Keeping your
nose to the grindstone or buried ina book isa good way
to avoid having those in power question your motives
and activities.

If a Daedalean is adventurous enough to seek out
a patron, however, chances are good that he'll end up
working with visionaries from other Conventions. He
may learn to question his own upbringing, his educa-
tion, or even his scientific practices. Patrons routinely
sponsor expeditions to uncharted territories, investi-
gations into supernatural mysteries, intrigues against
rivals, mercantile journeys across countries and conti-
nents, diplomatic missions to hostile lodges and a
wealth of other enterprises. It's much safer to stay at
home and never see the world outside than to take
such risks, but patrons offer incentive with education,
financial rewards, and social connections. More im-
portant, they offer intrigue, adventure and the chance
to become legendary.

When a hero takes up a patron's offer, the rewards
reach far beyond any motivations as crass as greed.
Some patrons, as a matter of course, offer the con-
spiracy a place to live for the next year or two, a
sufficient stipend to continue studies in secret, the
assistance of various brethren and initiates of the
Order, or — if the cabal is fortunate — an alehouse
that will regularly offer them fine beer and wine.
While a patron is within his rights to dismiss an
incompetent group of freeloaders, he's better off if his
reputation for generosity attracts other young and
idealistic crusaders.

By the same reasoning, an accomplished Daedalean
who prefers the support of a wealthy patron may leave
for a better offer, sometimes from his patron's rival.
Some come to resent especially miserly sponsors, who
often speak in a very . . . patronizing fashion to those
they support. When a patron is successful, however, he
can offer a cabal the most rewarding compensation of
all: a reputation for fulfilling difficult tasks and further
opportunities for patronage.

Adepts and Masters

Adepts are the most common patrons to strug-
gling cabals. These visionaries have upheld the ideals
of the Order long enough to manage its important
resources. Lodge cabals know them especially well,
since any lodge harbors at least one adept. She is the


CHAPTERONE: | By
THE OUTER =
; LABYRINTH

Conspiving with the
Nine Craditions

It is possible that a patron may want to
draw a Tradition mage or follower of a
Disparate craft into a cooperative cabal.
Sometimes the Order encounters a problem
it can't easily resolve on its own or requires
access to a place that Tradition mages can
enter more freely. Such activities are not
without risk. When Tradition mages enter
into such alliances, they often bring body-
guards. Daedaleans invite their own
mercenaries, often accompanied by wary
Gabrielites. Betrayal is a possibility. Both
sides remember occasions when their orders

have exploited each other, and it doesn't,

take much to stir ancient feuds and simmer-
ing hatred. Tradition mages and Daedaleans
may not be bitter enemies at this point, but
an uneasy caution exists between them.

A Daedalean risks his very career within
the Order when he makes such an alliance,
so it's possible that he may consort with a
mage without his patron's knowledge. He is,
after all, well practiced at keeping his activi-
ties hidden, especially from the outside
world. If such an alliance is detected, the
Daedalean may never be questioned openly.
He might not see the spies and Ksirafai
watching his movements, read the letter a
member of his cabal sends to warn his pa-
tron, or anticipate when the Cabal of Pure
Thought might show up to learn more about
this coconspirator. Alliances between the
Daedaleans and Traditionalists are often
temporary at best, but with caution and
discretion — and results the Inner Laby-
rinth can respect — such alliances are more
likely to survive.

person who dispatches messages of her progress to the
masters and Maximi. Major cities contain at least
three or four adepts; most of these cosmopolitan folk
aren't sequestered within lodges, but instead weave
their intrigues from within the places that are most
important to the common populace. Churches, uni-
versities, the courts of nobility, prosperous marketplaces \
and other locations — collectively known as facades
— provide clever hiding places for adepts and the |
cabals they recruit.

Masters, in contrast, have typically advanced be-
yond such mundane concerns. Politicsis their province.
Each master oversees the adepts and lodges of a vast
domain. Some command their own powerful cabals to
search for treachery, sorcery or perfidy within the
Order. Secret masters may have spies and elite Ksirafai
Etfalti at their command, or even the soldiers, inquisi-
tors and templars of the Cabal of Pure Thought. To J
preserve her power and uphold the Order, a true
master insinuates herself into every conspiracy within
her realm.

Ifasecret master cannot trust the reports she hears
from various adepts, then she might call upon her
personal retinue of spies and informers to keep her up
to date. She may call for them from a local guild or
exploit her contacts within various lodges. When a
cabal unknowingly serves one of the Order's secret
masters, intrigue results. Masters live in wealth and
privilege far from the madding crowd of humanity. To
the Outer Labyrinth, the secret masters of Europe are
almost mythical.

Of course, if a hero in your cabal attains enough
Enlightenment to join the ranks of the Inner Laby-
rinth—thatis, he raises his Arete to 4 or 5 — it doesn't
necessarily mean he'll rocket to the same position of
political influence. That takes time (and more impor-
tant, a well-told chronicle with plenty of scheming
and roleplaying). There are far more adepts than
lodges, and only a few are fortunate enough (or crafty
enough) to command influence within a lodge or
facade. Adepts must perform great feats worthy of a
secret master's attention before they're trusted to


THE ORDER
OF REASON =

influence, they must contest with every other adept
who strives toward the same goal.

Citles of Distinction

In exceptional cases, a loyal, powerful and highborn
resplendent may be instructed in the Inner Mysteries
before he has reached the rank of adept. The exemplar
is accorded as an honestus resplendens. Such paragons
are usually of noble blood and possess secular influence
used to benefit the Order as a whole. Very few com-
moners attain this exalted rank. Honesti typically own
estates, businesses or institutions they donate as fa-
cades for their secret society. This saves the trouble of
them competing for a position of honor against an-

other adept.

S Wealth isn't enough to earn this title, however.
The resplendent must also perform an act of heroism
that saves the society from great peril. Proven worthy
by this test of fire, he is richly rewarded with an adept's
secrets of Enlightenment. (Beginning characters can-
not begin the game as honesti without the express
permission of the Storyteller. If she chooses to allow
them, the game changes considerably.)

The next highest title of distinction for a resplen-
dent is that of a facilitator. The rather mundane term
belies the fact that the hero is trusted by the adepts
well enough to act as an intermediary among several
lodges. Skilled in politics and languages, she carries
out the will of secret masters within her Convention.
As such, the loyalist is often tempted by intrigues yet
remains steadfast in her dedication. In the early 1400s,
more men than women were adepts, resulting in women
dominating the facilitator level of Daedalean society.
Since then, ingenious facilitators have managed to
overthrow enough corrupt adepts to correct this im-
balance.

Among adepts, the highest office of distinction is
that of magistrate. These resident adepts are charged
with supervising a major lodge. While a lodge may
have several adepts, each commanding a cabal, the
magistrate oversees them all. Usually, ifa Convention

"controls" a lodge, the magistrate belongs to the same
order. In addition to directing the tasks of various
cabals, the magistrate ensures that they work together,
stopping rivalry and intrigue and maintaining com-
munication between groups. If this seems idealistic, it
is. Most magistrates fail at this last task, especially if
they're more concerned with other matters. Following
rivalry between lodges and impressing masters often
distracts them.

Most masters oversee several lodges, facades and
brotherhoods or direct them through their own high-
powered cabals. The most powerful and distinguished
oversee vast regions — each Convention harbors
twenty honori. They are the secret princes of the world,
the elite and unseen nobility that gently sets great
social movements in motion.

In heavily populated portions of Europe, masters
contend fiercely over the course of many decades for
such promotions. After 1430, each Convention has at
least one or two honori to oversee the Order's efforts
outside of Europe. They monitor the web of intrigue
that binds lodges in Arabia, Cathay and Africa. By the
end of the century, honori extend their influence to
North and South America as well. The Inner Circle
will not replace an honorus until he or she is dead, or
at least scandalized, disgraced and demoted. Masters
who are not honori thus have a great deal of work to
do. (The term honorus is capitalized only as a form of
address, as is the case with the Honorus of Normandy
or the High Guild Honori of Venice.)

The greatest of the secret masters form the Inner
Circle. They are acknowledged as the Resplendent
Maximi. The title is actually used more in correspon-
dence and distant communication than direct address.
If the rumors are true, the Maximi spend most of their
time in seclusion, reviewing reports from adepts, mas-
ters and honori; contemplating their vast schemes for
nobles and commoners alike; and debating the future
of the Order. They do not dominate the workings of
the Order unless necessary, at least until rivalry, in-
trigue and conspiracy go beyond acceptable limits.
They then muster the resources of their Convention
and force an interdiction. At any given time, there are
only fourteen Resplendent Maximi. The Seekers and

28

3 Ea


CHAPTER ONE:
THE OUTER
LABYRINTH

Celestial Masters each obey one Maximus, and there
is no openly acknowledged Ksirafai Maximus. Each of
the five remaining Conventions obeys two Maximi; by
tradition, one is male and the other female.

odges and Lodge Cabals

Daedaleans from various guilds gather together for
a wide variety of reasons. Some will travel to hell and
back to further an altruistic benefactor's personal
agenda. Others prefer to stay near the comforts of a
lodge, remaining at the behest of a resident adept.
Devoting one's life to scholarly pursuits and scientific
research is a costly and time-consuming proposition.
Lodges offer the opportunity to follow such pursuits for
days, weeks or even years at a time undisturbed. To
preserve these sancta, there's a magistrate present at

yy

We

every lodge to supervise day-to-day affairs. It's only fair
thata cabal that benefits from a lodge's sanctity should 4
carry out an occasional investigation, exploration or
business transaction to keep this adept's lodge in-
formed, prosperous and safe.

In theory, the Order was not created to exalt a few
with wealth and privilege, but to protect the interests
of many. Lodges exemplify this in their structure and
function. A lodge is usually created as a communal
society. When its charter is first established, the resi-
dent magistrate isn't there to dominate its politics or
practices; he's appointed to work for the good of the
community. When a cabal forms specifically to aid
and defend a lodge, it is welcomed, encouraged, in-
structed and (most important) supplied with a wealth
of resources. The doors to the private library are
opened wide; tools and devices are laid before the
cabal; brethren and initiates offer their assistance.


Yet wherever there is power, there is conniving.
Forming a lodge cabal is not without its hazards. In
theory, the lodge exists for the benefit of all who work
and live there, but in practice, it furthers the plans of
the powerful people gathered within. Cabals are not
merely formal associations of heroes; they're conspira-
cies formed for a specific purpose. Each cabal in a lodge
has a reason why it was formed, usually because of a
common specialty. As a result, each one has its own
agendas and a unique vision of what the lodge can
achieve. In any lodge with three or four cabals, each
one invariably schemes against the others.
Resplendents and adepts alike plot against each other
to transform the lodge into their own image, often to
gaina leg up in their highly competitive secret society.

This is one of the principal reasons why traveling
cabals are encouraged to join a specific lodge: an adept
may believe that the new cabal can help shift the
balance of power in his direction. When scholarly
guilds are involved, such as the Craftmasons' Scroll
Guild or the Cosians' House of Books, these conflicts
may seem subtle, egotistical or entirely academic. By
contrast, lodges dominated by the High Guild have
been known to use deadlier means of intrigue. In
Renaissance Italy — particularly in Tuscany, Venice
and Milan — a series of "Lodge Wars" has led to
casualties and shifting hierarchies of power as rivals
are routinely disgraced, imprisoned or assassinated.
Most lodges fall somewhere between these two ex-
tremes.

Lodge cabals learn the areas around their home
extremely well, becoming familiar with local shop-
keepers, merchants, hunters, soldiers, farmers and
even criminals. Cabals of this sort investigate far more
than threats to the lodge itself. Some cabals take their
responsibility to the innocent people living around
them quite seriously. This may involve investigating
supernatural activity in the area, hunting down an
infernal presence, or tracking abuses of sorcery. Their
duties may also involve something more mundane,
such as criminal activity, abuse of church or legal
authority, exploitation from corrupt nobility, out-
breaks of disease, or economical turmoil. The Order
strives to make the community around each lodge self-
sufficient, but when the common populace cannot
protect itself, Daedaleans must intervene.

Hidden Mysteries: Chantries
and Lodges

Adepts insist that lodge cabals should re-
main discreet. In studying the Inner Mysteries,
adepts have learned that belief in superstition or
the supernatural can strengthen the occult world.
Many maintain that this was precisely the prob-
lem with the Traditional Chantries of the Dark
Ages. When mages investigated ghostly
hauntings, faerie meddling, monstrous beasties
and other phenomena, they openly opposed
them with magic. While this tactic temporarily
solved problems, it also strengthened the
populace's belief in the supernatural world. In
the centuries after the destruction of Mistridge,
the number of Disparate Crafts increased, re-
sulting in a supernatural phenomenon known as
the Scourge that fed off the abuse of magic.

The Order of Reason does not openly use
magic to oppose the supernatural. Instead, it
posits a different system of belief, one wherein
the common populace has its own weapons
against the night. While Enlightened arts and
sciences are ahead of their time, lodge cabals
know that some of the methods they practice
may eventually become commonplace. The
Outer Mysteries taught in lodges are specifically
designed to minimize the dangers of the Scourge,
and students actively investigate instances where
abuses of sorcery may have summoned it up.
When lodges do pursue the Inner Mysteries,
they do so far from the major cities of Europe.
The methods of the Middle Ages must be aban-
doned; the Renaissance is the dawn of anew age.

Urban and Rural Realms

Ifa cabal decides to find relative safety within the
halls of a lodge, the members must first make a simple
decision: do they prefer to live in a prosperous city, or
do they need to seek a refuge in the wilderness? The
choice between the city and wilderness isa pivotal one


CHAPTER ONE:
THE OUTER
LABYRINTH

in a cabal's history. Urban and rural lodges each have
their own advantages.

Most of the Order's lodges are hidden within the
largest cities of Europe. For those who study the latest
scientific theories, business practices, methods of war-
fare and scholarly pursuits, the major cities are an
inexhaustible river of new ideas, sensations and dis-
tractions. Because the Outer Labyrinth folk use subtle
practices, they are ideally suited for living and working
in metropolises.

Lodges hidden in rural realms require far more
secrecy and are typically more powerful. Some are
involved in advanced and dangerous applications of
the Enlightened arts. The Inner Labyrinth prefers to
practice its crafts where innocent eyes won't witness
the occasional mistake. When a war machine breaks
down or a Skyrigger crashes, you don't want the
common populace to witness it. Such lodges are typi-
cally dominated by one or two Conventions, as they
don't want scholars who don't understand their meth-
ods questioning their activities.

Lodges and Conspiracy

Many Daedaleans do not have the privilege and

advantage of working with a lodge. A few find them-
selves in the untenable situation of working together
in a location where the Order does not have much
authority or a significant presence. Most are in areas
the Order of Reason does not "control." This distinc-
tion is worth stressing: Despite twenty-first-century
historical propaganda to the contrary (especially within
the Technocracy's Collegium of History), the Order of
Reason has no illusions about controlling reality — it
does not even control all of the "fronts" and facades it
uses for its activities.
The Craftmason's Scroll Guild, for instance, is
based around an alliance of scholars and researchers,
many of whom are sequestered in Europe's finest
universities. This doesn't mean that the Order controls
all those universities. People in a few key positions
help to influence events, but their authority is far from
absolute and omnipresent.

In the same fashion, the Gabrielites have devel-
oped an extensive conspiracy within the Catholic
Church. They have to answer to the dictates of cardi-
nals and bishops in their (relatively) mundane lives,
but cabals within the Church secretly pursue their
own agenda. A Falcon or Dove may devise some
reason to tell his superiors what he is actually doing on
the Church's behalf, but any "shadow crusade" he
conducts against witchcraft, sorcery or infernal power
is best kept hidden from the eyes of the Inquisition. As
such, there are notably few lodges dominated entirely
by the Cabal of Pure Thought; it is far more common
for a cabal of Gabrielites within the same monastery,
preceptory or university to conspire toward the same
goals.

Most Daedaleans do not work for the Order's goals
around the clock. They do, after all, have lives outside

of the lodges they support. Many conspirators lead J

lives of their own, working openly while they conspire
covertly. The heroes of your story, of course, might
have the privilege of working fora wealthy patron who
can allow them to work solely for the Order's goals —
they're more the exception than the rule. Because
your heroes are worthy of your grand schemes, they are
no doubt also exceptional enough to earn this advan-
tage. If they are no longer willing to carry out their
patron's requests, the alternative is returning to their
former lives and gathering with much greater caution.

Guilds and Guildhalls

Fortunately, when the rich and powerful fail you,
or when your cabal has been proven untrustworthy,
you can always depend on your guild. Resplendents
work hard to prove they're worthy of guild member-
ship. If they succeed, they can find places of refuge in
many of the major cities of Europe. While a city may
not have a guildhall for every guild, a hero in danger
may still find help where he least expects it.

Guild membership is an honor, not a right, one
accorded to visionaries who demonstrate mastery of a
Convention's specialty. Usually a Daedalean must
attain the rank of resplendent before he is invited into

A=


=—<—Nws—— te

\
\

\

THE ORDER
OF REASON :

an initiate can petition for membership if his skills are
valuable enough. As one would expect, the applicant
must demonstrate his proficiency in his art, craft or
science. For Artificers, for instance, a craftsman usu-
ally labors under the tutelage of a mentor (as an
initiate), builds his own trade (as a "mediator" jour-
neyman) and returns to show mastery of his craft (as a
resplendent) — only then is he experienced enough to
decide which guild to approach.

Like other Renaissance guilds, most of these soci-
eties require nominal dues from their members;
sometimes diligent service is an acceptable substitute.
These funds don't just go to fill the coffers of adepts
and masters. When a guild member encounters hard-
ship, adversity or difficulty, he may approach a
representative of his guild for help. The rep will usually

SS find employment for him right away, referring him to

an adept or honorus who could use his skills. This aid
may be financial — settling a debt or bailing out a
business — or, as one would expect, it may come in the
form of help from a loyal cabal. It is not uncommon for
a guild member who has received a "cry of distress"
from one of his brothers or sisters to enlist the help of
his cabal.

After a Daedalean has been accepted into a guild,
he is taught the lore of his secret brotherhood. It begins
with a few hidden symbols, password phrases, secret
handshakes and the like. This wisdom is kept from the
other members of his cabal unless they also belong. As
the hero becomes more experienced, he may notice
variants used in other parts of Europe, differences so
subtle that only one of the Enlightened would notice
them. No matter where the hero travels, once the
proper words of introduction have been made, the
words "I seek refuge" can open the door to the appro-
priate guildhall.

Access to a guildhall is the greatest privilege of
membership. Ifa guild is strong ina particular city, any
explorer or scholar in need of a good stiff drink ora soft
bed can make his way back to the local guildhall.
Scattered throughout the major cities of Europe,
guildhalls are hidden in the back rooms of bawdy inns,
the private salons of the best hotels or the estates of

influential merchants or courtiers. Behind closed doors,
guild members swap tales, exchange knowledge, plot
and scheme, romance and debauch and keep in touch
with like-minded individuals from across the conti-
nent and beyond. Guildhalls serve as places of refuge,
ensuring the strength of their respective guilds and
Conventions. (A more thorough description of vari-
ous guilds can be found in chapter 5.)

Entering the Labyrinth

Once a cabal has assembled, the conspirators
might ask each other how they first allied with the
Order of Reason. Each Daedalean has his own distinct
tale of how his brilliance was noted by the Order or
how he first approached the inhabitants of the nearest
lodge. While such stories vary greatly from person to
person, they all have a few distinct similarities. There
are five stages for a Daedalean entering the labyrinth:
initiation, Enlightenment, education, apprenticeship and
conspiracy.

Initiation for Brethren
Daedaleans begin their life within the Order of

Reason either serving as brethren or recruited as Enlight-
ened visionaries. Brethren dedicate themselves to the
Order for diverse and personal reasons. Some see it as a
society that may benefit their social connections, busi-
ness practices or even religious fellowship. In later eras,
these are the same sorts of motivations that drive a
Freemason or Rosicrucion . . . or a follower of Adam
Weishaupt's Illuminated movement in the late eigh-
teenth century. The Order of Reason sponsors some of
the most visionary and influential men and women in
Europe. In return for years of diligent service, the society
can elevate a brother's or sister's life from near obscurity
to wealth and privilege.

Each Convention has its own array of brother-
hoods and sisterhoods to recruit these allies. The High
Guild maintains associations of businessmen, accept-
ing any person of suitable character who can pay the
initiation fees. The Craftmasons have mastered the art
of forming more diverse fellowships — each major city


CHAPTERONE: | faxy

Guild Cheat Sheet

Attificers
Sorgers ("Vulcans")
Bright Lions

Pythagovai
Mauls ("Hammers")

Scroll Guild

High Guild

ResplendentAxe

Patrons Guild ("Black Uncles")
Royal Griffin ("Usurers")

Gabrielites (and the Cabal of Pure Albatross

Thought)

Mlustvoferatores ("the Illustrious")

Poenitenti ("Doves")

Venatores Maleficorum
("Salcons")

Celestial Masters ("Celestials")
House of Prometheus

House of Daedalus

House of Helios

House of Selene ("Cassandras")
Craftmasons

Chalice Guild

Coin Guild

Level Guild

Hemlock Guild

Arrow Guild

Chisel Guild

Stone Guild

Sun Guild

Rose Guild

Cosians

House of Mandrake
House of Five

House of Books

House of Knives
Pbylaxoi

House of Olympus
Explorators ("Seekers")
Alexandvians
Odysseans

Guild of Forge and Sail
Order of the Grail
Leaque of St. Paul
Herculinian Compact
Ksivafai ("Razors")

53 =


THE ORDER
OF REASON

may have one or two brotherhoods that appear far
more like innocuous social clubs than mysterious
secret societies. (Two examples appear in the Appen-
dix.) Many recruits never actually see a lodge or
guildhall; instead, they dutifully pay their financial
dues, perform works of service for the communities
J they live in and occasionally report on suspicious
activity.

All of the Conventions have been known to
recruit brethren with specific scientific or technical
skills that can aid them in research and scholarship.
Many brethren thus begin their careers in the Order as
"unenlightened" members of a Convention. They
may have been tested by an adept or master, but they
have not yet demonstrated their Enlightenment. They
may still serve. In a Cosian lodge, someone needs to
organize medicines and herbs, assist in surgery, tend to

garden or organize the lodge's library. In a far more
sinister vein, Ksirafai pay off informers, petty thieves,
watchful beggars and corrupt town guards to help with
their legwork . . . or leg breaking. The number of
Enlightened Daedaleans in the world is limited, and
the routine work in a lodge or guild has to be done by
someone. Whether that's a volunteer, a paid lackey or
even a criminal willing to accept an irrefutable offer is
irrelevant.

In most cases, brethren are asked to participate in
some sort of initiation, even if this is no more than a
formal recognition that the brother or sister has been
hired for a routine job. Craftmason and High Guild
brotherhoods have elaborate methods of initiation,
rituals referring to obscure traditions that allegedly
date back to the mythical Egyptian Cults of Thothmes,
Solomon's building of the temple, Daedalus's slaying
of the minotaur, or other romantic notions that make
the brethren feel like they're getting their money's
worth. Of course, an adept skilled in the Mind Sphere
may preside over these initiations himself to ensure
the loyalty of his brethren (see Effect: Initiation in
chapter 3 for more details).

In other cases, a lodge may conduct a formal
ceremony to welcome brethren, introduce a brother
before the other workers in a lodge or even (in more

nefarious circumstances) buy a few drinks for a shad-
owy associate ina local (and therefore infiltrated) pub,
bar or guildhall. The Explorators may stage a tradi-
tional ceremony or contest after a ship sets sail or a
caravan gets underway. This rite can be anything from
the captain reading a favorite passage from the Bible to
along drinking contest or knockdown, drag-out brawl.
Regardless, all brethren practically demand some sort
of initiation to welcome them within the Order and
recognize the reason they are valued so much.

Enlightenment

Daedaleans' involvement with the Order begins
with Enlightenment. Whether scholar, scientist, holy
man or healer, the individual is confronted with a
dramatic vision. It may be a scientific breakthrough, a
religious experience, a confrontation with evil, or
terrifying proof that magic and the supernatural are
real. This revelation changes or challenges the way he
orshe sees the world. From that momenton, Daedaleans
have flashes of inspiration that allow them to improve
their craft in subtle and ingenious ways.

Though it is rare, one of the brethren may experi-
ence a similar vision and soon become remarkably
proficient in the task to which she is dedicated. From
her point of view, her work noticeably improves and
her dedication is evident — thus, she is promoted.
Though she does not know it, she has stumbled onto
the methods of Enlightened craft.

The vision is a personal one: No two are the same.
Sometimes it appears as a temptation, an awareness
that magic is everywhere. Thus, if the scholar is not
devoted to the arts of Reason, she may succumb to
mysticism and mystery. At other times, it is a dream,
a reverie, a few words spoken on the lips or a sense of
grandeur when looking at an invention or God's
creation. Gabrielites have the most prophetic awak-
enings, but not everyone is visited by an angel
descending from heaven with a flaming sword. Every
Daedalean has some remembrance of the time when
his or her eyes were opened, but this experience is
often far too personal to blather to every brother and
sister encountered.


CHAPTER ONE:
THE OUTER
LABYRINTH

As one would expect, following Enlightenment,
the visionary receives insights and revelations that
allow him to perform feats of scientific and artistic
mastery. This ability is never an outright display of
"magic" — he's just damn good at what he does.
Unfortunately, after confronting this vision, there is
the temptation to study sorcerous arts instead. The
Daedalean may not realize it at first, but the tempta-
tion to stray from the path of reason will stay with him
throughout his entire life. Because these experiences
may tempt or mislead, adepts refer to this turmoil as a
struggle with a daemon. This is a crucial point in the
visionary's life: the first person she approaches as a
mentor, teacher or confidant may change her life
forever. (You'll find more details in the Enlighten-
ment section of chapter 2.)

Initiation into the Outer Labyrinth

There is no one sign, symbol or sigil to mark a
facade used by the Order. Each one has its own identity
and altruistic purpose, whether real or falsified. Some-
times a craftsman, priest, scholar or traveler may
approach one of these facades to offer assistance or
express interest. Most petitioners are accepted into a
local brotherhood or sisterhood; the most promising
attract the attention of a local lodge.

Every lodge of significance has at least one resi-
dent adept of the Order working there. Aside from his

visitors carefully. When one of these lost souls is
offered the opportunity to work with a local facade or
brotherhood, the adept openly tests his knowledge
and abilities . . . and secretly tests to see whether he is
performing Enlightened craft. Ifthe petitioner is gifted,
he may be initiated directly into the Outer Circle, and
his education can begin.

Initiates must be handled carefully. Some have
only just recently received the revelations — and
temptations — of their personal daemons. They may
have begun to question how much of the supernatural
and mystical exists within the Order. In fact, some
petitioners are so shaken by this experience that they
need to belong to an order that offers education and
protection. If they aren't kept innocent of their true

nature, they may take the wrong path in life, abandon-
ing reason entirely. A few apostates accidentally
Awaken the daemons within them and pursue the
quicker and easier route of magical practice. It is also
possible that initiates may suffer so much during this
turmoil that they become ideal for infernal corruption.
Vigilance prevents deviance.

€ducation and Apprenticeship

Once a Daedalean demonstrates his gift, he is
offered opportunities to study his science, perfect his
craft, learn his trade or explore the world. The next
step is either apprenticeship with a master or mentor,
education in a classroom or a voyage into the un-
known. Most Conventions rely on both education and
apprenticeship, tailoring the environmentspecifically LS

of apprenticeship. As an apprentice, the initiate
labors long and hard under the instruction of his
master until he learns the basics of his trade. Then, as
a mediator, or journeyman, the artisan travels to
another city (usually far away) to perfect his training
for a year and a day. Upon his return, he must demon-
strate a "masterwork" that shows he is worthy of
esteem as a resplendent. Other artisans outside the
Order will then consider him a master of his craft.

Cosians require extensive education. An initiate
who can prove his intelligence is enrolled at a presti-
gious medical college or university. Many women are
tutored privately by their Convention's own instruc-
tors. The student must carefully choose which school
of thought to follow: the Galenist, Paraclesian and
Vesalian schools are the most common (as discussed in
chapter 5).

After graduation, the initiate undergoes a process
of apprenticeship studying under a great healer. After
she has demonstrated her skill, she has a period of
residency as a mediator healing the common popu-
lace. The student has not yet fully developed her
Enlightened methods of physic but still practices as-
siduously. Upon attaining the rank of resplendent, her
methods improve tremendously, and she may attract
the attention of an influential patron.


oe

THE ORDER
OF REASON

——

The High Guild can afford to hire the very best
tutors money can buy. As true Renaissance men and
women, initiates dabble in such diverse subjects as
etiquette, mathematics, basic alchemy, rhetoric, sa-
cred geometry and fencing. Often, one mentor may be
responsible for supervising the instruction of an "elite"
Daedalean. (When these students later advance to the
ranks of the Inner Labyrinth, they are addressed as
Floreati.) This same mentor will carefully choose the
first few cabals the initiate works with, often exploit-
ing personal connections to attract the right patron.

Craftmasons typically learn by doing. Initiates
work together to effect change in the world around
them, whether by laboring together on the same
building, establishing a healer's house or other busi-
ness for the benefit of the common populace, or
studying together within the same collegium. Adepts
S speak of Enlightened initiates working together com-
munally, creating a work that is greater than the sum
of the parts contributed by individual masons. Upon
completion of this great work, the achievement is
celebrated by a rollicking celebration, a formal gradu-
ation and an initiation into the next degree of the
Order.

Rumors of the Ksivafai

In many ways, Ksirafai are exceptions. Some,
though not all, come from criminal or larcenous back-
grounds. They may be recruited for their individual
talents, but frequently they're offered the chance to
work for a particular adept when they're about to be
caught by the authorities. Initiate Ksirafai may be
shanghaied into a brute gang, thieves' den, house of
prostitution or similar place of iniquity. A very tal-
ented Ksirafai may be given the chance to prove
himself on a particularly difficulty mission of intrigue.
If he succeeds, he's immediately promoted to the rank
of resplendent and referred to a patron. Failure is
punishable by death . . . or worse.

Other Ksirafai come from more militant back-
grounds and are trained in the ways of war. According
to legend, the original Ksirafai belonged to a sect
called the Cults of Ixos. During the Trojan War, they
were trained in sorcerous arts to augment their mili-

tary skills. Elite Ksirafai allegedly resurrected this
ancient knowledge over a millennium later. How they
came by these secrets isa matter of some dispute. Some
attribute this education to the Order's masters, but few
have the courage to speak such accusations aloud.
Even the Cabal of Pure Thought does not have the
authority to question their training or methods.

Secret masters — including the hidden masters of
the Ksirafai Convention itself — may be revealing
dark arts to them in exchange for loyalty and service.
It is believed that Ksirafai guilds sometimes train
entire squads of Ksirafai, as the Cults of Ixos did over
a thousand years ago. Suffice it to say that if a master
has the resources to train an entire cabal of elite
Ksirafai, he is surely someone to be feared. Even
stranger tales concerning secret training in the lands
of the dead are dismissed as sheer fantasy. If these
rumors are true, the Razors certainly aren't telling.

Lower ranking Ksirafai, like those in the Outer
Labyrinth (read: beginning characters), only dream of
such beneficent patronage. Until they can prove they
are worthy of elite employment under the tutelage of
the secret masters, they prove their worth by working
for a variety of patrons. Whether a Ksirafai's back-
ground is criminal or military, most cabals can't tell
where his loyalties lie. He may be in the employ of
their patron, or he may havea hidden agendaset by the
secret masters. Behind masks of deceit, Ksirafai con-
ceal their true motivations.

Strange Bedfellows

The final stage of a Daedalean's recruitment is
finding a group of like-minded individuals who can
work with him. Sometimes kindred spirits find each
other. A group of scholars at a university, apprentices
to the same master or travelers along the same mer-
chant trade route may work together out of common
interest. At other times, a patron with some personal
agenda recruits the cabal to aid him, offering wealth,
knowledge, room and board or simply the opportunity
to learn.

This alliance always happens for a reason, and it's
possible the cabal doesn't know the real reason it's
been brought together. It may be something as in-


a |

LABYRINTH )

PAL nocuous as keeping a marketplace safe, delivering a
| letter or pursuing a hidden conflict between masters or
Maximi. No matter what the circumstance, the cabal
can never be sure where the corridors of the labyrinth
may lead. The maze soon surrounds them, and their
intrigues within the Order of Reason begin.

Detritus and Dross

We are proceeding toward the center of the laby-
rinth, but first we must elicit caution. You are wise, but
there are others reading this book who do not possess
your discerning eye and keen intellect. Before we
proceed any further, we should briefly clarify what the
Order of R
cious ideas must be dispatched. Orthodoxy must be

-ason does and does not do. A few perni-

maintained.

Point the first: the Order of Reason is not continually
at war with the Council of Nine. The Order does not
scheme to kill every Tradition mage in Europe.

— 3} ] CHAPTER ONE: Sy ae Ley
NSDY THE OUTER =% Vai

Nine Traditions and disparate crafts pursue many
alternatives to the arts of reason, and the Order is not
out to destroy them all. Daedaleans, like most people,
are individuals first and foremost. No member of
Group A automatically hates every member of Group
B. Sorcerers, witches and warlocks must be judged by
their own actions, just as any Daedalean would be. A \
few mages have been corrupted by power, but that
doesn't mean that all alternatives to reason must be
destroyed. Just because Daedaleans follow a different

path doesn't mean they want to wipe out all other

options. While the Order may occasionally have cause
to hunt downa dangerous sorcerer (just as the Council
of Nine does), it has to have a damn good reason for
doing it.

For example, if a village midwife is secretly a
Verbena and uses her command of Life to tend the


THE ORDER
OF REASON

a thing or two about naturalism from such a witch. If
awitch or mage practices her craft in peace, she harms
noone. Daedaleans know there are far more dangerous
forces in the world, and they must choose their battles
carefully. Light opposes darkness, but if an Enlight-
ened hero unleashes a firestorm, he may be burned by
the same flames.

However, an Order of Hermes mage who throws
balls of abysmal flame with his bare hands is perhaps
someone who should be watched a bit more closely. A
Euthanatos who tries to resurrect his dead son and
unleashes a plague that kills hundreds of people is a
menace. The Council might just hunt him down and
censure him with Gilgul first — utterly annihilating
his very soul — but if it doesn't, the Order of Reason
certainly has just cause to destroy him.

There is no absolute guarantee that all of the

despise all the mages of a particular Tradition. Instead,
alliances shift as readily as politics and circumstances
dictate. This is part of what makes the Order of Reason
so dangerous to the Traditions: their politics are un-
predictable. A threat of infernal activity may force
Daedaleans and Traditionalists to work together for a
season or two; the following year, a shift in politics may
make them enemies again.

This is not to say that there isn't open warfare
between Daedaleans and mages. One lodge may de-
clare war against the nearest Chantry, butsuch matters
are left to local politics, not dictates from the Maximi
set forth across entire continents. As one would ex-
pect, there are Tradition mages who form briefalliances
with Daedaleans, and magi who do not trust them. If
they want to hate the Order of Reason, they've got
plenty of excuses —such as the systematic destruction
of a few select Chantries the Order deemed a threat to
mankind. But that's ancient history, isn't it? Don't
look to the past; dream of the future.

No two cabals within the Order of Reason agree
how to handle the supernatural, the Traditions, or the
threat of the Scourge. With the manic enthusiasm of
aSpring Chantry, Daedalean cabals assault a thousand
different tasks at once. Don't limit yourself to the false
idea that men and women dedicated to reason would
spend all their time destroying those who study magic.

Future Echoes

Modern historians (such as the Techno-
crats within the Union's Collegium of
History) are completely oblivious to the
subtleties of the relationship between
Daedaleans and Traditionalists. By modern
accounts, all members of the Order declared
war against the Nine Traditions from the
moment the Artificers blasted cannons at
Mistridge in 1210. From then on (the propa-
ganda states), the Conventions and the
Traditions were continually at war. Such lies
are politically expedient and were ideally
suited to further the Ascension War of the
twentieth century.

Point the second: the Order of Reason does not want
to destroy everything it does not understand. In fact, it has
no one absolute stance on the supernatural.

Forall the talk of unity, each lodge and cabal must
decide how eagerly it must study what it does not
understand and whether those phenomena pose a
threat to the common populace. Each cabal has its
own goals. This may or may not relate to anything as
elusive and uncanny as studying the occult world. The
few gatherings of Daedaleans who do dedicate them-
selves to this crusade are well known throughout the
Order. For example:

— In England's Rowan Castle, Gabrielites arm
themselves against the Fair Folk and watch the Ver-
bena warily. They consider those two societies threats
and monitor them carefully.

— The merchants of the Thearinni Palazzo in
Venice are far too concerned with steadily amassing
wealth to bother with occult research. They may hunt
the occasional vampire, especially if it threatens a
merchant family, but have little interest in hunting
them all down.

— Students of the occult are far more likely to
traffic with specialists, such as Paris's Invisible Col-

*(

YX)
as
Sy


CHAPTER ONE:
THE OUTER
LABYRINTH

Ya

legium. Hidden within the underground stacks of the
city's university, its scholars catalog and document
supernatural phenomena. Other cabals within the
| University of Paris have different agenda, but if they
need to research the occult, they know whom to
consult.

Three lodges, three very different visions. All
lodges send reports of their activity to the Ivory Tower
in Languedoc, but no two handle the supernatural in
exactly the same way.

Mages and Infernalists

The Order has a limited understanding of
the Nine Traditions, but it's still better than
that of the common populace. Many common-
ers fervently believe that the only way to gain
supernatural power is by making a pact with
evil forces. They make no distinction between
Tradition mages and Infernalists. If they see
magic, they'll "demonize" the men and women
who practice it. While witches, warlocks and
sorcerers are commonly seen this way, espe-
cially during the Inquisition, most of the Order
is Enlightened enough to not share this delu-
sion. Daedaleans may speak disparagingly of
sorcerers. They might shamelessly insist that
science is superior to magic, claiming it is based
on reason, not superstition. However, they also
know that the threat of sorcery pales in com-
parison to the dark arts. Opposing Infernalists
always takes precedence over investigating sor-
cery.

Point the third: mages, regardless of their political
affiliations, are not limitless in their control of reality.

This is a crucial point, especially in the Dark
Fantastic era. Obviously, a fifteenth-century resplen-
dent cannot do everything her twenty-first-century
counterparts can. The most common type of story
involving the order is "exploration and investigation
. .. with an Enlightened edge." This isn't a massive
advantage — Daedaleans are simply human — but
coupled with knowledge and idealism, it's enough to
accomplish heroic tasks. There are limitations to what
a Daedalean hero can achieve, and they often depend
upon the science and philosophy of the time. But
compared to abilities the average men and women of
the Renaissance possess, Daedaleans have a signifi
cant advantage.

Last point: the masters and Maximi have power they
do not want to use. i

Those within the Inner Labyrinth have the En-
lightenment to defy reality itself but rarely invoke it.
Such power should be invested only in those who can
temper it with great discretion. Even the Maximi
regard each other carefully.


ry ~


CHAPTER TWO:
ENLIGHTENED
ARTS

CO

Philosophy is written in this grand book, the universe,
which stands continually open to our gaze, but the book
cannot be understood unless one first learns to comprehend
the language and read the letters in which it is composed. It
is written in the language of mathematics, and its charac-
tersare .. . geometric figures without which itis inhumanly
possible to understand a single word of it; without these,

— Galileo

4] iulio was late but in high spirits. He
strode into the lodge's main hall, handed
his cloak to one of the brethren, and
A\ accepted a goblet of wine from another.
Normally, he would have stopped to

relax and converse with these men, but
today there was no time. He had pressing business. The
young senator made his way through the warren of hall-
ways, libraries and private rooms to where Lorenzo Grimaldi
waited.

"Forgive my tardiness," he said as he entered the small
study. "I was unavoidably detained."

"And how is my neice this morning?"

"Her . . . conversation is most engaging."

Lorenzo raised an eyebrow and allowed the corner of
his mouth to turn up in a slight smile. "I remind the

one wanders about as if in a dark labyrinth.

resplendent that conversation is the only activity he should
be engaging in with young Signora Lessi. At least until he
is given permission to do otherwise."

"Point taken, Master." Giulio sat down and sipped
his wine, waiting for the other man to finish his writing.

"I am sending a cabal to Arabia. Caspeghi and
Tiolecco along with a group of new initiates and brethren,"
Lorenzo stated, finally looking up from his work.

"So. Mistress Fanciulla was correct in her specula-
tion? There is demand for a new trade route?"

"Yes. One the High Guild shall control exclusively.
Our Arab intermediaries have struck an agreement with
us, so expenses will be minimal but the profits . . ." He
gestured upward and smiled with satisfaction.


ips

THE ORDER
OF REASON

"Am I to travel with them?" Giulio asked.

"No. I need you here to distract Lodge da Ponte and
that Medici upstart in Firenze. Besides, we also have the
Fabrizi problem to deal with."

"T take it the honori's warning has gone unheeded."

Lorenzo made an affirmative sound and knitted his
brow. "It matters not what the honori threaten to do. She
is protected."

"By whom? Pasquale? I know he supports her, but
even he is not strong enough to grant her complete immu-
nity."

"That may have been the case once upon a time, but
recently he has maneuvered himself into a position of
considerable power. The others are afraid to challenge
him, even though he refuses to enforce Angela's blatant
breach of his own Theses."

"But surely they cannot allow her actions to go unpun-
ished!" Giulio cried.

a ww "They can and they will so long as Pasquale controls
the flow of funds to their enterprises."

Giulio drained his goblet and set it down with a bang.
Lorenzo, however, showed no outward signs of anger as he
carefully straightened the objects upon his desk.

"This is inexcusable!" the Senator spat, rising to pace.
"Youalmostdied! Innocents were placedinjeapordy! And
now Bianca. . ."

Lorenzo held up a hand, stopping the younger man
midstride. "Calm yourself, Caspetti. Pasquale may have
the rest of Venice by the coglione, but we are not within his
grasp. We have nothing to fear."

"Then I surmise you have a plan?"

Lorenzo reached back and gently pulled upon a heavy
braided cord hanging from the ceiling. A few moments
later, one of the brethren ushered a tall, powerfully built
man into the room, closing the door behind him.

"Giulio, this is Gareth, a personal ally of mine who has
\\ agreed to help us solve this problem. If the honori will not
deal with Angela, then perhaps the Gabrielites will."

Visionary, inspired, brilliant, creative, insightful, |
gifted, talented — these wordsall describe Daedaleans,
particularly those in the Outer Labyrinth. Their gifts
and talents are so indirect that even they do not
recognize them for what they really are. One resplen-
dent may be unusually lucky, another has a gift for
healing, a third possesses a knack for precise calcula-
tion. Daedaleans are always subtle in their activities.
Building a secret society to save the world requires
nothing less.

At no point do resplendents actively use docu-
mented "rotes." Instead, they use scientific and rational
methods; we represent the results by making the same
dice rolls we would for a mage's willworking. Reason
uses the same game mechanics as magic, but it is
defined by different terms. Because of their Enlight-
ened edge, Daedaleans simply have gifts, knacks,
hunches and talents that allow them a greater mastery
of their arts and sciences, demonstrating their bril-
liance as true Renaissance men and women.

By Any Other Name

"Magespeak" (as it's commonly known) is like a
rarefied wine: it's intoxicating to some people and a
headache to everyone else. Discussing the topic of
magic without it is hard, to say the least. A quick
summary may help before we pull out the cork and
pour it on.

First off, the word "magic" need never come up
during an Order of Reason chronicle. Daedaleans
expound on scientific and philosophical principles, so
their techniques are often referred to as "Enlightened
arts," at least within the Order itself. Whether an
Artificer is building an elaborate machine, a
Craftmason composing an elaborate treatise, or a
Celestial Master deciphering the heavens, the results
are carefully crafted. Scientists and scholars occasion-
ally use the term "inspirational science" as well — in
fact, it's still in use five hundred years later.

ee

CHAPTER TWO:
ENLIGHTENED
ARTS —

Students of more specific fields of study sometimes
refer to their achievements as works of art. After all,
during the Renaissance, there isn't much separation
| between art and science. In Latin, the word for "art" is
ars, so a number of typical approaches to Enlightened
arts have their own particular terms: some advanced
artisans study Ars Praeclarus, a"Floreatus" of the High
Guild masters' Ars Cupiditae, and so on. For
resplendents of the High Guild or Artificers, the
distinction may seem vital, but for now, it really isn't.
These and similar arts are courses for advanced study.
Some even involve the revelation of Inner Mysteries.
For now, we'll deal with the basics.

Subtlety is essential to Enlightened craft. Players
accustomed to Tradition mages often refer to acts of
willworkingas "casual" or "coincidental" when they're
done with secrecy, subterfuge and discretion. In this
version of the game, the word "subtle" is used the same
way. To help simplify our stories, students of the Outer
Mysteries practice only casual or clandestine works of
Enlightened arts. As we've said before, even they don't
fully realize the obscurities of their arts and sciences.

Some techniques are used often enough to be-
come commonplace. What was experimental last year
may be everyday practice today. When a Daedalean
demonstrates that an approach works, he uses it over
and over again, perfecting it through practice. He may
even try to teach other scholars and scientists how to
use it, basing instruction on the same repetition. As a
result, the most traditional and established practices
in Enlightened arts are handed down from mentor to
student. In game terms, we call these practices Effects.

The collective whole of this secret knowledge is
known as the Outer Mysteries. There's nothing terri-
bly occult about this. A craftsman or artist would be a
fool if he didn't keep some secrets from his rivals and
competitors. The term is never used outside lodges and
laboratories. The names of Spheres are never men-
tioned and sometimesaren'teven known. Practitioners
of the Outer Mysteries are completely unaware of such
concepts. It's merely a convention used for game play.

Some players involved in modern adventures are
accustomed to using the word influence, so it's occa-
sionally employed in this version of the game as well.
A hero who can prove that restless spirits of the dead
are haunting him, for instance, is said to have "influ-
ence over Spirit." Daedaleans don't speak this way;
players do. One additional point: entropy is a twenti-
eth-century concept. Since there's no Second Law of
Thermodynamics during this age, we'll refer to that
Sphere as Fortune throughout the book.

Magic is a lot more diversified and widespread
than Enlightened arts, at least during the fifteenth
century, and the Outer Mysteries are arguably less
powerful than traditional magic. A Daedalean's re-
sults may take longer to achieve, but they also have the
appearance of commonality, making them more ac-
cepted. A scholar or scientist can't summon up fire
with his bare hands or appear in four places at once, but J
if something goes wrong, the consequences are often
less severe than they otherwise would be. He can
openly display all of his practices without eliciting
suspicion or investigation.

Advanced Arts

This chapter deals with the basics of En-
lightenment. You don't need to be an expert in
Renaissance philosophy, history or culture to
start playing Sorcerers Crusade — it may
help, but it's not required. Later on, of course,
you may want to add more sophisticated prin-
ciples into your chronicle. Other Sorcerers
Crusade books detail more advanced ideas.
The Artisans Handbook expands on Ars
Praeclarus, The Swashbucklers Handbook
defines Ars Cupiditae ("the arts of desire"), and
so on. When used with this book, some of the
vain Effects described there are appropriate for
adepts and masters but beyond the ken of the
humble mediator or resplendent. The basic
principles, however, remain the same. As the
lesson of Daedalus and Icarus proves, it doesn't
hurt to learn your craft slowly and carefully
before soaring off into the sun.


THE ORDER
OF REASON

In a beginning Order of Reason chronicle — at
least as detailed in this book — no character begins with
an Arete higher than 3. Even if you allow Merits and
Flaws, acharacter cannot attain Arete 4 until he earns
enough experience, completes his Seeking and is wor-
thy of advancement in the Order. In addition,
characters in the Outer Labyrinth cannot perform vain
magic. This is known as the Casual Rule.

These two guidelines result in a very different
approach to the game. A Tradition mage may have the
option of hurling balls of abysmal flame with his bare
hands, healing a wound with a pass of his hands, or
walking into the realm of spirits and back with impu-
nity, but Daedaleans do not. Instead, they act as
ordinary humans, visionaries with a slight "edge," to
<j be certain, but very mortal and quite humble. Because
the "power curve" is also taken down a bit by this
limitation, characters who have more mundane skills
and fewer dots in Arete are not ata distinct disadvan-
tage. Characters with Arete 3 do not dominate the
game, largely because they must rely on both their
ordinary and Enlightened arts in equal part.

Playing out an Order of Reason chronicle involves
a certain amount of deception. The characters must
not see what they do as supernatural, even if the
players know they are using some of the same rules that
apply to "magic." For instance, if a merchant is out
gambling and carousing, we may say he is using "En-
tropy 2 toaffect the outcome of probability," but to the
drunken gambler, he's just having a lucky night with
the dice. An Artificer might be unusually precise at
aiming a cannon, even while the person portraying
him in a roleplaying game claims he's using Connec-
tion 2 to line up the shot. Even the most resplendent
beginning characters have no knowledge of Spheres,
Effects or Arete ratings. We roll the dice; they see the
results.

Enough terminology. It's time to answer one of the
basic questions that comes up repeatedly during an
Order of Reason chronicle: "What can my character

do?" The main rulebook offers many guidelines, but
admittedly, those guidelines cover many different
points of view. The reference pages in the magic
chapter offersome help but mostly apply toa chronicle
based around magic. Other references appear sporadi-
cally: Daedalean practices are mixed in with Tradition
magic, Disparate crafts and even the occasional view-
point of a Maraud or Infernalist. If you're playing in an
Order of Reason chronicle, then you'll definitely need
tore details from the Daedaleans' perspective.

Many of the terms used to describe the ranks of
different Spheres do not apply to Daedaleans. As one
would expect, Daedaleans don't refer to their abilities
with these Traditional names. For example, an En-
lightened hero wouldn't refer to Witches' Sight
(Connection 1) or Reading the Bamboo Mat (Mind
2). Unless the character has begun studying the Inner
Mysteries in one of the Order's secret societies, he
doesn't refer to Effects at all. Enlightened arts are
intuitive and unnoticed, even by those who use them.

The first step in a chronicle based around reason
involves redefining the Nine Spheres. To reflect the
mood of this sort of game, the descriptions do not
include vain, vulgar, blatant or simply impossible
feats. In addition, because this chapter details the
Outer Labyrinth, it does not detail any Spheres be-
yond Rank Three. Leave those temptations to more
accomplished Daedaleans . . . at least for now. The
next chapter gives specific examples of what heroes
can do with these Spheres. The following guidelines
illustrate influence in more general terms.

Connection

Connection 1 (Physical Measurement): An ini-
tiate with Connection 1 can measure distance and
space with surpassing accuracy. With the aid of a
compass, sextant or similar tool, an explorer can carry
out skillful acts of navigation. An artist gains an
unusually refined grasp of perspective, allowing him to
sketch and reproduce what he has seen with amazing
detail. Soldiers use precise mathematics when prepar-
ing artillery, planning strategy and even organizing
troops. No matter what the art or science, precise
physical measurement helps Renaissance men and
women achieve mastery of their craft.


aa (

CHAPTER TWO:
ENLIGHTENED
= ARTS

Connection 2 (Heightened Perception): With
the aid of proper lenses or devices, a Daedalean with
Connection 2 may extend the range of her senses.
Sight and hearing are easily employed at greater range,
although extending other senses is notably more diffi-
cult. Using weapons of war, the Daedalean can aim
firearms and cannons and siege engines and similar
infernal devices with amazing precision. Some use this
same knowledge to fortify defenses against such as-
saults.

Sorcerers with Connection 2 can defy limitations
of space, drawing objects to them from a distance.
Daedaleans with the Occult Ability can learn to

§) detect such activities. Whether the warlock has stolen

asmall object from far away, passed through solid walls
or simply materialized from somewhere else on the
continent, telltale clues remain. Initiates learn to
recognize them. In some cases, superior craftsmanship
may preventa sorcerer from scrying into a lodge, home
or other building.

It is rumored that a few Daedaleans who consider
themselves the "elite" of the Order have learned to
perform their own sorcerous methods of scrying, some-
times from their corrupt masters. If they do, it is
certainly an act of vanity, and thus they keep such
occult knowledge —and the insights they gain from it
— to themselves. If they do not, the Gabrielites have
their own lessons to teach such heretics.

Connection 3 (Traveler's Sense): With Traveler's
Sense, the resplendent can use her gifts to help her
cross the continent or navigate the globe. This isn't as
rapid as striding the world with seven-league boots,
but a Daedalean's journey is noticeably easier, quicker
or (in some cases) more adventurous than it would be
for the common populace. She may drastically reduce
her travel time, circumvent hazards that would con-
fuse a lesser intellect, or with a bit of tinkering and
mechanical knowledge, improve the usefulness of her
chosen transport.

Resplendents who have traveled the world also
develop very acute senses, noticing danger all around
them no matter where they venture. Thus, through
the use of refined methods of surveillance, a character
can watch over several places at once with unsur-
passed vigilance.

By applying the basic principles of sacred geom-
etry, some resplendents can prevent sorcerers from
circumventing the limitations of space. Although
supernatural creatures may be able to will themselves
from one point to another, this can be curtailed with
proper wards and restraints. This ability requires re-
search into metaphysics.

Fortune

One man's misfortune is another man's boon. The
word Fortune gathers together a host of different con-
cepts: probability, decay, weakness and even dumb
luck. Fortune favors heroes. More cynical or larcenous
resplendents believe that a talent for causing misfor-
tune is far more useful. Either way, Daedaleans with
influence over Fortune have the confidence to risk
everything on a throw of the dice . . . and win. 7

Fortune 1 (Insight): By studying human behavior
or natural phenomena, an initiate in the arts of For-
tune learns that all things obey predictable patterns,
especially when they begin to break down. The hero
has strong hunches about such occurrences. He might
find it easier to notice a festering wound or squeaky
floorboard, or perhaps he may spot an opportunity to
make a few quick coins no one else would notice.
These insightsaren'tprecise, but they're reliable enough
to use as guideposts for future actions.

Fortune 2 (Fortune's Caress): "Luck" is a supersti-
tious concept, but it can aid even the most scientific
mediator. With a lucky break, a hero might achieve a
masterful toss of the dice, guess where someone might
hide a gold sovereign wagered on the throw or even
strike at a carefully concealed wound in the bar brawl
that follows. Daedaleans don't consider such skills to
be precisely scientific, but some court danger long
enough to learn to negotiate the most awkward and
perilous situations. After all, true heroes triumph over
any adversity.

Fortune 3 (Breaking Point): By studying form and
structure, a resplendent can learn to do far more than
just perceive weak points — he learns how to actively
exploit this knowledge. A craftsman may know just
the right spot to tap to shatter a block of marble, while


THE ORDER

— "A

a fencer may discern his opponent's weaknesses well
enough to split a cuirass or even break a rapier with a
telling blow.

As always, the greater the feat, the harder it is to
accomplish. Using a knife to cut an archer's bowstring
with one lunge is easier than demolishing a city wall
with one blast from a cannon. As any artisan can tell
you, the most impressive accomplishments take time
and patience. Very few objects are fragile or complex
enough to shatter with a single blow.

Master craftsmen learn how to correct these weak-
nesses or suspend decay, making the same objects last
much longer. Brittle or sophisticated things are child's
play to "fix"; solid objects take a lot of work. Either
way, an artisan can make a tidy profit applying this
knowledge to her trade.

Forces 1 (Elemental Knowledge): A student of
natural forces learns the workings of wind and water,
fire and ice. A scholar observes phenomena of heat,
light and sound. The initiate can sense and measure
minute details when observing such occurrences,
whether with lenses, membranes, mechanical mea-
surement or senses of intuition. With proper
equipment, he may illumine objects with light others
cannot detect or hear sounds outside the range of
normal perception.

Forces 2 (Prometheus's Gift): A mediator can
touch and craft forces around him he could only see
before, manipulating them toa limited degree. Chemi-
cal reactions can change an object's color, acommand
of acoustics can misdirect sounds, and a little pyro-
technic skill can cause a flame to flare or fade. A spy
may cloak himself in shadows, while a very adept
craftsman could use "smoke and mirrors" to create an
illusion or construct a simple trumpet to magnify his
voice to a deafening level. Unfortunately, massive
works — involving, say, a blazing bonfire or large gust
of wind — are beyond the mediator's command.

RG
Forces 3 (Transformation): Under the proper FMS

conditions, the Daedalean can rapidly turn fire to ice,
wind to sound or darkness to light. With Forces 3, far
more impressive manipulation of heat, light and sound
are possible. The resplendent can perform these feats
over a much larger area than before, up to about the
size of asmall cottage. One well-placed torch can send
asmall home into a blazing conflagration in a matter
of seconds.

Life

Life 1 (Healer's Intuition): With a practiced eye,
a physic or surgeon can easily discern the age, health
and sex of nearby living things. This can aid in diag-
nosing illness, identifying a wide variety of plants and
animals or seeing through attempts at disguise.

Life 2 (Cosian's Skill): With a greater command
of medical knowledge, the mediator can obey the
Biblical command "Physician, heal thyself." After
long hours of exposure to disease and human suffering,
her body becomes unusually resistant to contamina-
tion and infection. Because her work also includes a
study of basic living things, such as plants, insects and
other invertebrates, she learns how to raise, care for,
nurture or destroy them. She may develop a particular
knack for gardening or agriculture or even effect small
physical changes in lesser creatures.

Cosians with this degree of skill are often called on
to work in lodges that aid in the healing process. As
such, they learn to diagnose more complex illnesses,
sometimes merely by examining a patient's humors
and fluids. As an added benefit, by taking extremely
good care of herself, the student of all living things is
especially hale and hearty. Mediators with a Cosian's
Skill heal very rapidly. Mediators cannot use their
Enlightened arts to heal others, however; they usually
undergo a long period of "residency" before they mas-
ter the healing arts enough to become resplendents.

Life 3 (Surgeon's Touch): A resplendent surgeon
or physician has a great talent for healing. Balancing
humors and setting bones are common practice. While


CHAPTER TWO: *

a

such changes may not take place overnight, a patient
in the care of an Enlightened scholar will heal far faster
than he would otherwise. A hero under the care of a
gifted surgeon may be relieved to find out that the
grievous injury he sustained is easily bandaged and
healed. Most major lodges recruit at least one resplen-
dent with a gift for healing. When a cabal without one
is battered and bruised, it should always have the
option of fleeing back to the closest lodge.

Matter

Matter 1 (Shaper's Glance): By studying the
artisan's craft, the initiate can recognize structures and
materials both hidden and plain. Overlapping pat-
terns can be seen, secret drawers spotted, materials
analyzed and imperfections noted with uncanny pre-
cision.

Sorcerers are known to summon objects out of
"thin air" by combining Matter 2 with Prime 2. An
initiate with this talent can use the Awareness or
Occult Ability to discern where and when this has
been done.

Matter 2 (Simple Transmutation): With this tal-
ent, it is possible to transform one substance into
another without changing its basic shape or nature.

More commonly, cooks and chemists use their skill to
create everything from delicious ales to rarefied chemi-
cals. The results surpass anything ordinary folk can
achieve.

During the Renaissance, alchemy is a respected
science, but mediators draw upon only its basic prin-
ciples. While it is theoretically possible to change
water to wine (with one success) or rock to stained
glass (three or more successes) over time, only the
Solificati and their like perform such amazing feats as
transmuting lead to gold. Really grand transforma-
tions demand grand successes . . . and grand vanity.

Matter 3 (Craftsman's Touch): This level of mas-
tery is the hallmark of high artisans. With enough time
and proper tools, the craftsman may craft armor, mend
broken items or create simple devices with alarming

speed and precision. On a larger scale, masons work
with stone, evacuate ruins and erect edifices. This is
usually done communally with diverse hands working
together.

More complex works, such as those requiring
clockwork gears or elaborate mechanisms, are the
purview of master craftsmen. If an artisan produces a \
masterpiece (and has enough experience to attain
Arete 4), he can learn to create works far beyond those
of resplendents. In an Order of Reason chronicle,
resplendents cannot build devices that are "ahead of
their time." Adepts can, however. (Storytellers must
decide how far this extends.)

Mind

Mind 1 (Rational Mind): Initiates empowered
with Mind are among the most perceptive. They are ¥ N
often very empathic, also, sensing strong emotions We—Ad/
whether they're attached toa particular person or not.
This is purely an application of intuitive skill. The
initiate cannot manipulate emotions or thoughts with
this level of proficiency.

A scholar may learn to shield his mind from
unwanted distractions or make complicated deduc-
tions about several things at once. Daedaleans are also
aware that dark forces may attempt to dominate weaker
minds; they thus develop abilities for cloaking their
thoughts or resisting supernatural manipulation. All
such efforts are perfectly casual and rarely discussed
openly. Rational Mind can be used to enhance the
Empathy Ability or it may be used with Arete.

Mind 2 (Heightened Intuition): At this stage, the
mediator gains a highly developed sense of the emo-
tions and motivations of others. It's as though he can
accurately guess what others are thinking, often
prompted by little more than body language and other
subtle cues. Such Daedaleans are extremely gifted in
communication, almost as though they share an un-
spoken bond with those around them.


THE ORDER
OF REASON :

Not surprisingly, many of those gifted with such
talents carefully conceal their proficiency. Some be-
come fearful of those around them, constructing
elaborate labyrinths of false ideas to conceal their true
motivations. Others find like-minded souls and lower
all inhibitions, completely interpreting and analyzing
each other's thoughts. This is not done without the
risk of discovery. It is rumored that some initiates fall
prey to adepts and masters who can manipulate others
to trust them implicitly.

Mind 3 (Silver Tongue): Resplendents with this
talent are masters of communication, from fast talk
and oratory to false sincerity and bald-faced lies. Their
"people skills" and talents at intrigue are so highly
developed that they can practically read the thoughts
of others . .. and manipulate them. A silver-tongued

devil can trick someone's senses, speak to his very soul

nious subterfuge is quite casual to a master of
manipulation.

Ivis said that a few resplendents gain their insights
and visions from fantastic and prophetic dreams. Temp-
tations may beset them, and some have been said to
haunt the dreams of rivals who question their motives.
Ksirafai, Gabrielites and High Guild masterminds
alike watch such individuals carefully or recruit them
to their own designs.

wy

=—SSowss

Prime

Within the Order, Prime is perhaps the most
esoteric and unusual Sphere of influence. Daedaleans
with this skill are among the most dangerous, for they
have an intuitive understanding of the supernatural,
the uncanny and the unnatural. Many become fiercely
loyal to the Order of Reason, turning to it for protec-
tion from forces they have only begun to understand.
The decision to hide their talents or confess them
openly can change their entire lives. As such, practi-
tioners of Prime are exceedingly rare. At the

Storyteller's option, he may decide to not allow char-
acters with this Sphere.

Prime 1 (Attunement): An initiate with this
talent can detect signs of magic at work around him.
The mostscientific peer at strange phenomena through
prisms, lenses or even crystals. A few are haunted by
stranger sensations. These initiates may doubt their
own sanity, especially if they hear the music of the
spheres, taste resonance around them or sense the
presence of the supernatural.

Any Daedalean can meditate to gain Quintes-
sence up to the limit of his Daemon Background.
Prime initiates are able to reach deeper states of
reverie, storing Quintessence beyond their Arete rat-
ing. For each success on an Arete roll (difficulty 4), a
character with Prime | can store one additional point.

When combined with the Occult Ability, Prime 1
may be used to discern whether an individual is a
practitioner of sorcerous arts. This is a lengthy process
requiring far more than simply peering at someone
through a polished lens. Questioning, testing and
confrontation are required. When these same meth-
ods are used on Daedaleans, they yield very different
results. (See the Heretic Effect and the Hidden Mys-
teries: Quintessence sidebar for more details.)

Prime 2 (Permanence): A select few within the
Order believe that every object in this imperfect world
has a "perfect" reflection. A sect of Artificer philoso-
phers called the Pythagorai is well acquainted with
this school of thought. In theory, one might be able to
summon up such Platonic ideals through strength of
will alone. In practice, this is called sorcery and never
(openly) attempted.

Sorcerers use their application of Prime 2 to create
objects out of "thin air," often in conjunction with
Matter 2 (if it's a physical object), Life 2 (if it's
animate) or Forces 2 (if it involves heat, light or
sound). A Daedalean doesn't have this option, but she
does have others. Under certain circumstances, Prime
2 can be used in conjunction with other Spheres —
most notably Forces, Life and Matter — to effect
permanent changes and have the results last longer. In
this way, regularly crafted items become more resil-
lent.

CHAPTER TWO:
ENLIGHTENED
ARTS

pi

Gabrielites and mediators with a hatred of the
occult tend to use a very different application of this
talent. Those with Prime 2 have the ability to inflict
damage upon many supernatural creatures through
sheer strength of will. It is no coincidence that zealous
missionaries such as these are kept where the Order's
"shadow crusaders" can see them.

Prime 3 (Reverie): Resplendents who possess this
talent are far too valuable to send rushing off with
cabals in search of adventure. From a sorcerer's point
of view, a Daedalean with Prime 3 can release the
Quintessential energy stored in Tass and transfer it
between people or objects. The Inner Labyrinth un-
® derstands what happens during this process, but
resplendents do not. Heroes with this influence have
no idea why they are asked to aid in cray communion.
To them, the process always appears mundane. (See
the Drain Tass Effect in the next chapter for more
details.) This is the sort of thing done in the secret

chambers of crays and kept hidden from lesser practi-
tioners.

Prime 3 is also used to "maintain" and "make
repairs on" Devices (a Daedaleans' equivalent of Magi-
cal Treasures). This replenishes the objects'
Quintessence.

Spirit

The Order of Reason is painfully aware of the
presence of the occult world, including the existence
of ghosts, spirits and the reanimated dead. The masters
of the Order may not entirely understand scholars who
study such phenomena, but they tolerate a select few
with insights into such activities. Practitioners are
rare; if the Storyteller is not running a chronicle that
primarily involves these threats, she may decide to not
allow characters with this Sphere.


a

THE ORDER
OF REASON :

Spirit 1 (Sense Unnatural): Initiates gifted witha
command of spirit have methods for detecting a vari-
ety of supernatural creatures, including the spirits of
the restless dead. More importantly, they have limited
insight into the ways that Tradition mages, Infernalists
and Marauds use their spiritual strengths. "Shattered
lenses," smoke and mirrors, and fervent prayer are
typical apparatuses for this talent.

Spirit 2 (Parting the Veil): At this level, the
Daedalean's beliefs are strong enough to actively harm
ghosts and other ephemera. The mediator is able to
deduce the possible motivations, predilections and
preferences of spirits.

Celestial Masters employ remarkably different ap-
plications of this gift. With great effort, they may peer
into the heavens, discerning events below by contem-
plating those above.

are trusted with the arts beyond Spirit 2, and they do
not attain such mastery without resisting spiritual
temptation. At this stage of their studies, the super-
natural world seeks them out and tempts them. They
may find themselves lost in the spirit world, faerie
realms or even stranger places. If they can overcome
temptations of sorcery, they may learn how to weaken
or destroy the gateways to such dangerous places.

It is rumored that Ksirafai succumb to such temp-
tations, sometimes confronting the spirits of the victims
they have slain. Of course these rumors are never
discussed openly. Those who confess them tend to
disappear.

Cime

Time 1 (Clockwork Precision): At this level, the
initiate has a highly developed temporal sense. If he is
a craftsman, he might develop an affinity for working
with clocks and other timepieces, achieving astound-
ing levels of precision. Even without such devices, he
can intuitively measure the passage of time. This
penchant for accuracy also manifests as a knack for
"perfect timing," coordinating disparate events with
dramatic and efficient results.

Time 2 (Prophecy): Celestial Masters nurture this
gift, while others ignore it completely. By carefully
observing astrological phenomena, the Celestial Mas-
ter may glean signs of things to come.

Other initiates simply have an unerring talent for
prediction. This can appear in a perfectly mundane
way, especially when used in conjunction with other
Spheres. Merchants can predict trends in the market-
place (Fortune 2, Time 2), occultists can discern what
a supernatural creature might do in the near future
(Spirit 2, Time 2), scholars can make leaps of logic to
guess the ending of a treatise or line of reasoning
(Mind 2, Time 2) and reckless crusaders bearing torches
might try to predict where a conflagration will spread
(Forces 2, Time 2). In sharp contrast, specialists like
athletes, warriors and chess players learn strategy,
sizing up their opponents and surmising their next
possible moves (Time 2).

Time 3 (Fervor): This talent is cultivated by
Daedaleans who favor conflict over reason. Through
intense physical training, they learn to brawl and
fence with amazing speed and agility. An Enlightened
athlete is able to run and fight faster than most
brethren. However, he may not gain more than one or
two extra actions in a turn with this gift; such alacrity
is simply impossible.

Permutations

The Outer Mysteries are the basic tools of an
Order of Reason chronicle. Now it's time to calibrate
them and make some finer adjustments.

Perception and Initiate's
Insight

Daedaleans don't see the world as Tradition mages
do. Many brethren are recruited as initiates simply
because they possess uncanny insight and intuition. In
"rulespeak," characters who perform Rank One Effects
have achoice of how much detail they want to discern.


: CHAPTER TWO:
ENLIGHTENED
: 1 ARTS ):

xy,

They don't have to roll their Arete and risk Scourge
every time they use an Effect that relies upon percep-
tion. There is very little danger involved in using
Connection to peer through a telescope or Life to
guess that a master artisan's son is really a young girl in
disguise. However, examining the building that a
cabal of Craftmasons has spent years constructing
requires far more than a passing glance.

When observing mundane phenomena, a roll of

Perception + Alertness usually suffices. Because the
initiate has Arete 1, he may just notice details an
unenlightened person would never spot. Common
folk may have no chance whatsoever of noticing these
things, but from the moment a Daedalean first re-
ceives Enlightenment, he notices the world in ways he
never did before. Sometimes feats of observation re-
quire other abilities. After all, it takes a trained eye to
see that a master mason is asking his apprentice to cut
ablock of stone three ells away from where it should be
struck. If you like, Perception + Crafts or Science is an
excellent substitute in situations like these.
Behind the closed doors of local lodges, Daedaleans
whisper tales of things they cannot explain. To keep
the populace from panicking, such information is kept
hidden, but initiates are quite certain the occult world
exists. By using carefully crafted lenses, chemical re-
agents or listening devices, they may notice some of
the telltale signs of an unnatural presence. When
confronted with the supernatural, a roll of Perception
+ Awareness is most appropriate. Particularly fanatic
scholars may use Perception + Occult instead, espe-
cially when hunting something blatantly otherworldly.
With Occult 4, the scholar has a declared specialty; in
addition to rerolling 10s, the initiate also has a—1 or
2 difficulty if he is knowledgeable in the ways of
demons, ghosts, goblins, werewolves, vampires or
whatever beastie he's hunting.

Arete is a third choice, one that can be applied to
either mundane or supernatural phenomena. A hero is
often particularly good at noticing details that relate
to his Spheres. Someone with Matter may notice a
hidden compartment ina desk; someone with Life may
notice that one of the apples in a cart has been infused

with poison; someone with Fortune may notice a
wealthy rube who doesn't suspect there are pickpock-
ets nearby. When an Arete roll is used to notice this
kind of mundane detail, it is usually more effective,
and only one or two successes may be necessary.

In the same spirit, a successful Arete roll might be
far more impressive than the same result on a Percep-
tion + Awareness roll. Enlightened scholars often
receive flashes of intuition that cannot be readily
explained. A Craftmason running his fingers along a
wall may inadvertently trigger the switch that reveals
apriest hole, but with Arete, he may actually think he
smells the moldering fetor of a decaying body on the
other side. A Ksirafai may detect the faint aroma of
poison in a cup of wine, but with Arete, he may think
he sees a brief reflection of the poisoner within the
cup. With a little Enlightened insight, a Gabrielite

touching the ashes of a burned body may briefly feel J

the witchfire that consumed it. Brilliant minds may
have fanciful imaginations: a deaf musician hears
music, while a poet may hear his "inner muse" whis-
pering just the right line to complete a sonnet. There's
nothing supernatural about this — true genius simply
receives flashes of insight in amazing ways.

When a player says her character is going to
examine something closely, the Storyteller may give
her a choice of Dice Pool to use: Perception + Alert-
ness, Perception + Awareness, or an Arete roll. (The
phrase Alertness, Awareness or Arete? comes up quite
often.) In some cases, the choice may be obvious, and
the Storyteller may specifically ask for just one of these
options.

Hunches and Inspiration

When initiates make Arete rolls to notice phe-
nomena around them, they've only got one die to roll.
This might seem weak, but it's all they really need.
Again, one success on the right Arete roll may reveal
something five successes on a mundane Dice Pool
might not. This intuitive ability — scoring one success
togetahunch that something unusual is happening —
is what separates initiates from the common populace.

=


}
\

THE ORDER
OF REASON =

\ That's why cabals welcome the opportunity to have a
few inquisitive initiates poking around during an in-
quest.

When Daedaleans of the Outer Labyrinth are
conducting investigations, they sometimes find things
they cannot quite put into words. By the same token,
J players may know how to describe what they should
see in twenty-first-century terms, but they can't distill
it into a Renaissance point of view. Just keep in mind
that mediators and resplendents also have flashes of
inspiration. Because they are "ahead of their time,"
they might notice revelatory signs that would appear
suspicious to our modern sensibilities, even if the
character in question doesn't have words to describe it
or the technical knowledge to back it up.

For instance, in some Order of Reason stories,
Cosians wind up looking at a lot of dead things.
S They're expected to guess how someone died, deduce

end how long ago they died and answer a bunch of modern

questions involving words like lividity, morbidity and
rigor mortis. Cosians don't have highly developed
forensic methods, but a visionary could get a hunch or
flash of inspiration that might lead him to similar
conclusions. He may not be able to articulate exactly
what's happening or even find words to describe or
explain it, but because he's Enlightened, the Cosian
can make amazing leaps of logic and deduction. In
such a situation, even one success on a roll can be
useful, if only to tip off that something is unnatural,
supernatural, impossible or just downright odd.

Mundane or Enlightened?

In many cases, the player may have a choice
between attempting a feat with a "mundane" Dice
Pool roll — an Attribute + Ability — or making an
Arete roll. Obviously, an Arete roll carries the risk of
Scourge, so why should a player take the risk? There
are several answers to this question.

First of all, most Enlightened effects take signifi-
cantly less time than mundane efforts. With a flash of
inspiration, the visionary can resolve a tedious task
quickly and efficiently, like cutting through a Gordian

knot. Consider, for example, a skulking scholar pre-
sented witha locked gate. Picking the lock isa lengthy
and cumbersome task, and even with the right tools
(and five successes), he may need at least five or ten
minutes to finish the job. The same scholar, with an
inspired thought, might figure outa way to circumvent
the mechanism in mere moments. He might, for
example, use Forces 2 to tampa few ounces of gunpow-
der in the lock, muffle it with cloth to baffle the sounds
of the explosion and light it with a bit of punk.

At the Storyteller's discretion, a task may require
more successes on a "mundane" Dice Pool roll than on
astraight Arete roll. One or two successes with Arete
may duplicate the equivalent of three to five mundane
successes. As another example, suppose an investiga-
tor is looking fora hidden door or priest hole inaroom.
If the mechanism is hidden well enough, an unen-
lightened commoner may need five successes on a
Perception + Investigation or Crafts roll to even
notice it is there. A Craftmason with Matter 1, on the
other hand, may only need one or two successes
because the task pertains to his particular specialty.

If you want to get really fancy, the Storyteller
might allow a character to use both his mundane and
Enlightened abilities to attempt a common feat. This
is described in the main rulebook asa "complementary
roll." On one turn, the visionary makes an Attribute +
Ability roll; each success may then translate into a -1
difficulty on the following Arete roll. As the rulebook
suggests, the difficulty shouldn't be reduced by more
than 3, and the minimum difficulty should be 4. An
added note for rules lawyers: If you use one roll to lower
the difficulty of a second roll, you can't use those
results to influence a third roll. Sorry.

Again, with the Storyteller's approval, a scholar
may use a slightly different process: Start off with an
Arete roll; each success adds an additional die to an
Attribute + Ability roll on the next turn. As long as
the resultant Dice Pool is ten dice or less, it should be
considered a casual feat. An adept or master can build
a Dice Pool over ten dice this way but should get
Scourge for attempting it. Again, this rule is purely
optional, but if it's used carefully, it can allow vision-
aries to perform feats of mastery on a regular basis.


q

CHAPTER TWO:
ENLIGHTENED
: ARTS

ee

pi

Whether you choose to lower the number of
successes required, lower the difficulty or increase the
size of the Dice Pool, Enlightened heroes should al-
| ways have an edge over their mundane rivals.

Specializing Effects

The Outer Mysteries are meant to provide general
guidelines as to how Daedaleans should use their
crafts. Effects, on the other hand, are specific examples
of what a hero can do with certain Spheres. Some
Storytellers cringe at the concept, but if a player really
gets stuck figuring out what his hero can do, consulting
a list of commonly used Effects can help. A Daedalean
must learn his art slowly and carefully, but players can
learn the game faster by testing out common Effects.
(Thus, chapter 3 contains scores of Effects to help
inspire you.)
Effects are merely examples. Just because a hero
has a particular Sphere doesn't mean all the Effects
listed for it are appropriate for that character. They
may, however, give you ideas for new variations. Even
if you use an Effect exactly as written, you can still
customize it to fit your hero. The following optional
rules define a few new approaches to applying

i Daedalean Effects.

Appatati

Acraftsman is only as good as his tools. Daedaleans
differ from Tradition mages in many ways, but one of
the most important distinctions involves the use of
apparatuses, the tools they use to practice their arts
and sciences. Scientific tools, surgical tools, measur-
ing instruments, firearms, siege engines, hammers and
chisels, a hidden stiletto, a drop of poison — all are
examples of typical apparatuses.

In an Order of Reason chronicle, a beginning
character should declare a specific scientific apparatus
(or focus, if you will) for each Sphere he has. His Arete
simply isn't high enough to use Enlightened arts with-
out one. For example, an explorer with Connection

may be adept with a sextant or compass, while a master
of warfare may have a preferred weapon while using
Forces. Mind is the only exception. The Mind Sphere
doesn't require an apparatus, since its use depends
upon insight, intuition, charisma, devious talents of
manipulation or simple dumb luck.

At first glance, this may seem like a difficult
choice to make. If a Daedalean has to limit all of his
willworking within a given Sphere to just one appara-
tus, that might be enough to discourage you from
playing one atall. ("Dol have to use crooked dice every
time I use Fortune?") Fortunately, there's an optional
tule to help make this choice easier.

The apparatus you declare for each Sphere during
character creation is really your primary apparatus.
You are an expert in this particular tool and, as such,
you get a -1 difficulty whenever your character uses it
with his declared Sphere. For example, a Ksirafai who &
declares a knife as his primary apparatus for Fortune
gets a-1 difficulty on all Fortune Effects that incorpo-
rate it. Don't despair, though. Under this rule, you can
still use other tools as apparatuses — you just won't get
the -1 difficulty for them. Theoretically, a Daedalean
can even attempt to use one of his gifts or knacks
without an apparatus, but it must be done subtly
enough that even the character himself doesn't suspect
that this borders on sorcery. As described in the rules,
once a character's Arete is high enough, he can use a
Sphere without any apparatuses at all.

To facilitate matters, most of the sample Effects in
this chapter have recommended apparatuses listed
with them. If you can't think of a way to use your
primary apparatus with a listed Effect, you can use one
of these alternatives. For instance, a Daedalean doesn't
have to grab her favorite sextant every time she uses
Connection, although she may use it more often than
her other tools. If an Effect calls for, say, maps as an
apparatus, she can set aside her navigational tools and
just use the proper maps instead.

As another example, the Shattered Lens Effect
grants an Enlightened scholar with Spirit 1 use of a
refracting prism to notice evidence of a ghost's pres-
ence. If the Storyteller allows this technique, then


= bs gS
eN THE ORDER
pS

OF REASON

one dot in Spirit can
learn to use the prism
to peer at the shade
("as through a glass
darkly") and observe
the presence of the
supernatural. How-
ever, only the
resplendent with
prisms as his primary
apparatus for Spirit
gets the -1 difficulty.

apparatus we haven't
listed for an Effect or
rote, byall means pitch
the idea to your Story-
teller. If youcan justify
the use of your primary
apparatus, you can still
use it. For instance,

Ss
Ss Sl
WSSSS

NS ‘

suppose a rote called
Targeting allowed you
to use Connection |
to increase your accu-

y
|

racy with a ranged
weapon. A
Craftmason might at-
tempt it using a pistol;
an Artificer could ap-
ply the same principle
to a cannon. If the
Ksirafai in the cabal
figures out a way to
apply it to throwing a
knife — and we forgot
to list "knife" as a
sample apparatus —
— then she could still 4

attempt the Effect. If

her primary apparatus

was a knife, she would
& also qualify for the

same -1 difficulty any


CHAPTER TWO:
ENLIGHTENED
2 ARTS

| other Daedalean would get for using his chosen appa-
ratus. This optional rule should be used to inspire
creativity, not limit your options.

Remember, though, that both the Storyteller and
the player have to agree that the apparatus is being
properly used. For instance, a Cosian might declare his
surgical tools as a focus for Life, but that doesn't mean
he can wave a scalpel about like a magic wand and
injure people standing ten feet away! Daedaleans
don't openly perform such obviously magical feats.
Again, the results are so subtle that even the character
shouldn't suspect how amazing they are.

Conventions

If you've been schooled in the scientific tech-
niques of a particular Convention, it only makes sense
that you'd be more proficient in that area than other
would resplendents using different applications of
inspirational science. As an optional rule, many of the
Effects listed in this book are associated with specific
Conventions. If your character belongs to one of these
groups, then you'll get a little perk when using the
Effects he specializes in: you get to reroll any 10s on the
Arete roll for the Effect.

If you don't belong to one of the groups listed next
to a Effect, you can still conceivably use it. You'll just
have to pitch the idea to your Storyteller, who always
has the option of saying no. She might say yes, though.
After all, we can't think of everything. The character
canstill try the Effect —she just won't get to reroll 10s.

Renaissance men and women are known for their
mastery of a wide array of disciplines. An elife Floreatus
of the High Guild may be schooled enough in medi-
cine to use a Cosian's more elaborate rotes, or a
Craftmason may have studied the occult enough to use
a Gabrielite's Spirit rotes. However, such training is
usually defined at the beginning of a chronicle, often
during character creation and preludes. ("Hey, I forgot
tomention that I'm also a master alchemist... and I've
studied sacred geometry ...and I was raised by the Cult
of Ixos . . . and I have a magic pony, too!") These
rationales must be weighed on a case-by-case basis. No
Daedalean can master every art and science, after all,
even in the Renaissance.

Suggested Abilities

Finally, some Effects obviously require mundane
knowledge of some kind before they can be used. For
the Effects listed in this book, we've suggested what
sort of Abilities a character should have before at-
tempting them. It's hard to heal someone without
knowing Medicine, so it's required for many Life 2 and
Life 3 Effects. It seems absurd to use Forces 2 to load
extra black powder into a pistol without having at least
adot in Firearms, and so on. Don't expect your artisan
to build a masterpiece without Crafts!

Again, these are suggestions for the Storyteller,
not imperatives. Some of them are rather obvious. A
kind Storyteller may allow such an attempt with an
increased difficulty; a realistic Storyteller won't allow
an attemptat all. Asan optional rule, the Storyteller
may allow a Daedalean to use a rote without a sug- &
gested Ability, but at a +2 difficulty to the Arete roll.

Optional Rule: Fast Casting

Some Enlightened Effects illustrate how study,
practice and dedication can allow a hero to achieve far
more than the common man. The Mundane or En-
lightened section above listed three common game
mechanics for this idea. To review, the player must
make two rolls: first an Arete roll, then an Attribute +
Ability roll that's modified by the first roll. Two rolls;
two turns.

Fast casting is a way to try to pull off both rolls on
the same turn. It has only one major drawback: Be-
cause the Daedalean is rushed, he gets an automatic +2
difficulty to the first Arete roll. This isn't a huge
complication when it involves the first level or two of
a Sphere, but it does reward resplendents who take
their time, working carefully and cautiously — a
lesson anyone in the Outer Labyrinth would be wise to
learn. (Note: The difficulty for fast casting is listed as
+3 in the modern game but +1 in the Sorcerers
Crusade rulebook, so we've averaged it out to +2.)


iy

THE ORDER
OF REASON

Communal Rotes

The Craftmasons are legendary for working in
large groups over long periods of time to erect magnifi-
cent lodges, homes and other fantastic edifices. When
Enlightened arts are involved, this is sometimes
achieved through the use of a communal Effect. As
described in the rules, if everyone involved has the
Spheres required to carry off the Effect, everyone
involved can roll Arete, and the players can add their
successes together. This carries the increased risk of
backlash from the Scourge (someone is hurt on the
construction site, or part of the building collapses) and
often requires many extended rolls to represent days
and days of effort. Nonetheless, the results are impres-
sive and well worth it.

Other Conventions use communal rotes as well,

grand Machina; Seekers may all work together to
make sure a sailing ship reaches its destination;
Gabrielites might find unity in prayer... and in battle.
However, because Craftmasons employ communal
rotes more than other Daedaleans do, the Storyteller
may allow each one involved in such an effort to reroll
10s on any Arete rolls. A generous Storyteller may
extend this to scholars and scientists of other Conven-
tions when they are obviously working at one of their
Order's specialties.

Orthodoxy

Once a Daedalean begins to realize what he can
really do, he must temper how he thinks. The Enlight-
ened know they possess insight and intellect that
separate them from most of humanity, but because of
their training within the Order, they have learned the
necessity of subtlety and caution. The labyrinth is
fraught with dangers and temptations. If your bril-
liance shines ardently, however, you may blaze a path
through the darkness to the maze's elusive heart.

Daemons

Daedaleans of the Outer Labyrinth must be care-
ful of temptations. From the moment a scholar or |
scientist has her first flash of Enlightenment, she \
knows there are forces surrounding her that she can-
not master or understand... yet. At some early stage
of their studies, Daedaleans confront their daemons
for the first time, facing a brilliant revelation of the
temptations of power. Tradition mages welcome such
an experience, but for Daedaleans this vision (in
whatever form it takes) confirms thata vigilantscholar
must make a choice to either follow the path of reason
or succumb to the temptations of superstition and
magic.

Save for the strongest manifestations, the daemon
is rarely an actual entity. A few select Gabrielites see
an angel with a flaming sword appear and cry out in
language of crystal purity. But for most initiates, the
daemon often manifests as an event or inspiration the
visionary cannot understand. It is something that
urges him onward, suggesting a revelation that could
change his life forever but never quite revealing the
complete answer. This vision usually confirms that
there is magic in the world, but while the Tradition
mage may see it as an invitation, it may instead terrify
the Daedalean so much that he takes a different path.
(The templates in chapter 4 present several examples.)

If the daemon does appear in a form the visionary
can understand, it often represents a compelling temp-
tation toward "true" sorcery. A Cosian who speaks
with the Greek gods may be tempted by ancient secrets
of magic, but for some underlying reason within her,
she'll probably decide to follow the path of science
instead. An Artificer may dream of a muse of fire,
tempting him to stoke the flames of his forge hotter,
yet he may still believe that if he succumbs fully to her
lure, he will be consumed by that same fire. Coming to
terms with such spiritual phenomena is not easy.

The vision may lead the hero on, encouraging him
to adventure, study or reflect rather than turn his back
on the challenge. In some stories, every time the hero


——— CHAPTER TWO: i
COINS ENLIGHTENED
—————— A

Ya

is about to make a breakthrough in his path toward
Enlightenment (that is, when he's about to increase
his Arete Trait), he may need to confront his personal
| daemon before he can advance. Tradition mages call
this a Seeking; Daedaleans rarely have words for such
things, for they fear the consequences of telling any-
one they've occurred. Gabrielites and Ksirafai seeking
out sorcery within the Order don't take such confes-
sions lightly.

Much later in life, when the Daedalean masters
his art or science — in game terms, reaching Arete 4
or 5 — he may come to accept or understand his
daemon. Itas though he "awakens" to the truth. When
that happens, the reappearance of the vision may be
followed by a revelation of what he suspected all along:
any Daedalean has the strength of will to master
magic. The most impressive feats of Enlightened craft
blur the line between science and the supernatural.
The daemon may tempt an adept or master with
secrets that allow him to defy the laws of time and
space or perform vain and powerful acts of willworking
the Order simply would not tolerate. The vision offers
to lead the visionary astray . .. or Awakens his true self,
depending on your point of view.

The Scourge

Confronting the Scourge presents additional dan-
gers to the unwary scholar. Daedaleans simply do not
encounter its effects the same way Tradition mages do.
In fact, within the Order, no two Daedaleans have an
identical experience with Scourge. It is personal and
must be tailored to the hero who invokes it. This
results in a wide array of interpretations of what the
Scourge really is.

— The Scourge is vengeful. Some Daedaleans have
little tolerance for sorcerers and their arts or for the
supernatural. When the Scourge manifests, it's some-
times seen as an act of vengeance on behalf of magical
forces in the world. For crusaders with this mindset,
Scourgelings are common. The victim actively denies
they exist as a result of his own actions. Instead, he
blames their presence on supernatural or magical
vengeance.

Example: A crusader who uses vain methods to
torture an Ecstaticis later tormentedin kind by a Scourgeling
who punishes the lustful. His companion, a soldier, acci-
dentally kills a mage's innocent children during a fusillade
of near-impossible cannon fire. Days later, he is confronted
by acrook-backed man, a supernatural being who lures the
soldier's own children away as payment.

— The Scourge is personal. Daedaleans who do not
confront their daemons openly —seeing them through
dreams, reveries and the like — rarely encounter
Scourgelings. Instead, the Scourge manifests more
subtly, as an event resulting from "cause and effect." In
these cases, nothing overtly magical occurs.

Example: A lazy Craftmason who takes a few days
off from work may find his handiwork falling apart. An
avaricious merchant may find a business transaction turns
sour when he's overly ambitious.

— The Scourge is cultural. Explorers and travelers ¢

have noted the effects of the Scourge when traveling
in foreign lands. Arms and equipment that worked
perfectly back in Europe somehow fail after they've
been shipped halfway around the world. Sometimes
the Scourge is little more than the result of a clash
between two very different systems of belief. Seekers
and Celestial Masters in particular know that when
they encounter danger in a culture entirely unlike
their own, the Scourge often reflects the supernatural
aspects of the world they're in, not the world they're
from.

Example: Conquistadors assaulting an Aztec temple
ready their matchlocks . . . and find an avatar of an Aztec
god igniting their powder before they're ready. Merchants
venturing into the heart of Africa try to use their influence
over Connection to find a lost city they can exploit . . . and
instead find a city of the dead waiting to devour their very
souls.

— The Scourge is a sign of God's displeasure. Reli-
gious Daedaleans interpret the Scourge in their own,
very spiritual way. They do not measure their worth by
man's standards, but by those set down by the divine.
When a crusader displays an act of vanity, God's
presence is felt in the world, and He is an angry God.
This phenomenon is by no means limited to Gabrielites


alone. There are religious crusaders in all nine Con-
ventions. Some Cosians, for example, secretly adhere
to religions far older than Christianity.

Example: A Gabrielite "suffers a sorcerer to live" . . .
and later during prayer feels the flames of a bonfire. He is
punished for his lack of zeal as he receives second-degree
J burns across his chest. While vivisecting a body, a Cosian
adept secretly mutters a prayer to Aesclepius . . . and finds
her patron animal, a snake, winding its way up her leg like
acaduceus. Before she can react, fangs sink into her flesh.

— The Scourge is a sign of supernatural danger.
Some Daedaleans come to realize that no matter how
ordered and rational a scientist's thoughts may be,
magic is pervasive. It is everywhere if you know where
to look. The Dark Fantastic world is afflicted with a
wide range of supernatural terrors, and the Scourge has
been known to affect, infect or afflict anyone who is

encounter the Scourge more and more, as Tradition
mages do. These visitations encourage the scholar to
stop deviating from the straight and narrow path
reason demands. This is not uncommon when a re-
splendent is studying to become an adept.

Example: A traveler begins to wonder whether his
mastery with a map and compass is the result of some
inherent magical insight. As if to answer this unorthodox
thought, he walks straight into a faerie trod.

— The Scourge is just bad luck. Daedaleans with
influence over Fortune have their own superstitions
about the Scourge. For the adventurer who relies too
much on la fortuna, the Scourge is payback, simply a
monumentally unlucky event at the wrong time. Ev-
ery hero, no matter how lucky he is, can have a streak
of bad luck. No magical entities manifest; instead,
spectacularly bad coincidences knock down the fool
whose luck has just run out. In a sense, it's little more
than a "bad turn of the dice."

Example: A swashbuckler, after blinding three city
guards with a mug of ale and soaring across the lobby of an
inn onachandelier, decides to press his luck and steal a kiss
from the innkeeper's daughter on the way out. It tums out
she's currently engaged to the captain of the guard . . . and
as they embrace, she slips a manacle over his wrist . . .

C

Story Complications

Purely at the Storyteller's discretion, the Scourge
might instead bring a complication to the story, one
where a careless Daedalean might attract the atten-
tion of a vigilant observer. This is particularly
appropriate when adepts let their Enlightened craft
get out of hand. As a rule of thumb, the Arete (or
Enlightenment) of these investigators should equal
the number of Scourge points burned.

For instance:

— Ksirafai spies secretly begin shadowing the
Daedalean. Feel free to make rolls both for their
chances to pass undetected and for the character to
notice them.

— A Gabrielite shows up demanding a place to
rest at the character's lodge. He asks very direct ques-
tions and begins snooping about the character's
personal affairs while he is away.

—A cabal of Craftmasons takes up lodging nearby
and begins asking the local populace what they know
about the hero.

— A Celestial Master sends a messenger with a
dire prediction about the character's future.

—A wealthy patron of the High Guild becomes a
rival. He hires a cabal of initiates to approach the
character and conduct a brief investigation.

—Anunknown Daedalean attempts to blackmail
the character, threatening to reveal his practices in
"black magic" to the Order's authorities

— A Tradition mage approaches the character
and offers an alliance. This is duly noted by other
Daedaleans in the area.

— An Infernalist senses the results of an especially
vainact of Enlightened arts. She offers to help "fix" the
results and help cover it up . . . for a price.

Meditation

Meditation is different for Daedaleans than itis for
more Tradition mages. For many Enlightened scholars
and craftsmen, contemplating perfection is essential
to their well-being. A Tradition mage believes that he


ENLIGHTENED
ARTS

meditates to gain some imminent, Quintessential en-
ergy, but resplendents do not. Instead, meditation is a
focus for inspiration, a reverie intended to spark the
creative spirit.

Ascholar who uncovers something innovative or
amazing finds himself overpowered by a sense of won-
der. The craftsman tinkers and is overjoyed to see the
interplay of gears, levers, tension and release. The
mastermind looks deep into his cups and contemplates
endless political agenda. An explorer gazes out across
virgin countryside and dreams of what he may find. By
any other name, these activities are still meditation.
They accomplish far more than simple die rolls and
number crunching can adequately represent.

Let us approach the question more directly: How
does a Daedalean regain Quintessence? The easy answer

CHAPTER TWO: —S VA™,
ZNCY

IZ al

is by meditating for one scene. There are four basic
methods:

— She may gaze upon a fabulous sight in a lodge
or cray.

— She may study, build or scheme in undisturbed
privacy.

— She may make a scientific or artistic discovery
that inspires her with its brilliance.

— She may find a mystical location that chal-
lenges her beliefs and forces her to contemplate it.

The die roll depends on the method used, as /{f
described in Mechanics of Meditation below.

You may notice that this is a "soft mechanic," a
Storyteller-driven event that depends on roleplaying
and inspiration. If this seems untenable, then your
character always has the option to trudge back to the


6)

THE ORDER
OF REASON

after a scene of contemplation. If that's still too vague,
the meditation should last for one hour (from the
character's point of view).

Trudging back to the lodge to recover is the most
direct method. Some of the crays that cabals guard
contain works that amaze the scientifically enlight-
ened. Scholars have been known to lose themselves
wandering among the bookcases of the Invisible Col-
legium, while visitors to Portis Crusis gape in wonder
at the sight of a newly repaired Ethership soaring
overhead. If a lodge deals with a hero's specialty,
(| regaining Quintessence there should be easy.

Outside a cray, meditation becomes a little more
difficult. The resplendent should be able to meditate
only when confronted with a scientific wonder, a

Celestial Masters gaze upon the heavens, while Seek-
ers have been known to enter trances looking out over
vast expanses of oceans. Artificers love to watch the
gears and pulleys of elaborate mechanisms at work,
while avaricious High Guild merchants simply count
their gold, listening to the coins clink over and over.
The Storyteller should call for this, not the player. It's
a reward for good roleplaying (rather like regaining
Willpower).

In this respect, meditation may appear identical to
actual work, but in truth, it is a nonproductive activ-
ity. Forinstance, a Celestial Master lost in astronomical
observations won't find anything new or gain any
visions about the future; he'll just marvel at the won-
ders of the firmament. An Artificer exerts himself
while tinkering on a machine with clockwork preci-
sion; if he walks into a town and studies the village
clock as it faithfully executes a complicated mechani-
cal feat, it renews him.

Variants

Gabrielites have more established methods for
finding inspiration. Religious activities like prayer,
solitary reflection ina church, perusing a copy ofa holy
text (probably while it's chained toa lectern ifit's truly
valuable) or simply kneeling before a holy relic are all
excellent opportunities for meditation.

Ksirafai, by contrast, indulge in furtive activities
when they want to reflect on the mysteries of the
universe. Since many of them are stereotypically re-
garded as stalking loners, they may skulk off into the
woods to sharpen their pretty knives, kneel and gloat
before the grave of a choice victim or spy on a master-
ful work of seduction or subterfuge. Many Ksirafai love
to tiptoe behind a cutpurse on his rounds or observe an
affair through an open window. Scientific technique
pales compared to a masterful act of intrigue or ro-
mance.

Mechanics of Meditation

When visionary Daedaleans lose themselves in
reverie for about an hour, it's usually portrayed as one
long scene of downtime. Once the scholar has re-
newed himself, the Storyteller rolls Intelligence +
Meditation (difficulty 6). Each success garners | point
of Quintessence. A Renaissance mage can't regain a
number of Quintessence points higher than his Dae-
mon Background. However, if he has influence over
Prime, he can risk gathering more Quintessence (see
the listing for Prime 1 at the beginning of this chap-
ter).

Optionally, if the scene of meditation relates
directly to a resplendent's specialty (e.g., a Cosian in
an operating theater or a High Guild merchant in a
thriving marketplace in Constantinople), the Story-
teller might choose to substitute a more appropriate
Ability. Science is the most popular choice, followed
by Medicine and Crafts. Good roleplaying may also
lower the difficulty for this roll. For instance, if a
Craftmason walks into a cathedral for the first time,
and the player roleplays how much the scholar is
overwhelmed by an architect's genius, the Storyteller
may decide to lower the difficulty to 5.

Meditation Scenes

Because this rarefied state is hard to achieve,
merciful Storytellers have the option of presenting
characters with a few predesigned places or opportuni-
ties to meditate during a story. This location may even
be hidden in a town or village the cabal encounters. A
Cosian may meet a master surgeon who is willing to let
him watch his technique, or simply wander into a
garden that's overflowing with bounty. Otherwise, the


CHAPTER TWO:
ENLIGHTENED
ARTS

characters might just go crazy climbing through bell
towers and scriptoriums every time they need a hit of
Quintessence. Giving a player a chance to roleplay his
| sense of wonder is always preferable to forcing the
same Cosian vivisector to skulk through a cemetery
each session searching for a really spectacular putrefy-
ing body.

Players who love to contemplate the rules of the
game may try to abuse this opportunity to gain Quin-
tessence. As such, the Storyteller is welcome to raise
the difficulty for any attempt at meditation that seems
forced or simply pathetic. If a Craftmason insists on
carrying a pair of dice, taking them out whenever he
feels maudlin, and muttering, "Ah! What a beautiful
example of cubes! So perfect and square," then feel
free to hit the cheeky bastard with a difficulty 9. . . or
just leave him wandering through the streets of Paris
talking to his polyhedrals.

Quintessence and the Outer
Mysteries

Many Tradition mages speak of Quintessence as if
it were magical energy, but most heroes of the Outer
Labyrinth do not. A rare scholar with influence over
Prime may have flashes of insight that reveal Quintes-
sence as a magical force, but she dares not reveal it to
her companions. In future centuries, Enlightened
agents may speak of "primal energy," but throughout
the fifteenth century, Enlightened heroes have no way
of measuring or quantifying this phenomenon.

While Quintessence may appear to us as marks on
acharacter sheet, it represents something more ephem-
eral to our heroes. Its effects manifest as inspiration,
passion, heroism or idealism. When a player marks off
a point of Quintessence to aid his character, the hero
has a flash of brilliance. Whether gained through
study, prayer, rapt fascination or inspiration, the points
of Quintessence burned represent something more
intellectual than supernatural.

A Daedalean of the Outer Labyrinth does not use
Prime to look at another hero and say, "He has 4 points
of Quintessence." Instead, influence over Prime may
reveal that something that drives a hero to greatness
and motivates him in his darkest hour. This might be

defined as passion, ambition, genius, love or any other
ephemeral emotion. Tradition mages may define these
qualities with words like resonance, but Daedaleans
have no such terms.

If this seems unusual, consider this historical fact:
during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, a mania |
for measurement consumed the scientific world. While \
some scientists gained more precise terms for ideas like
weight and distance, others tried to measure qualities
like morality, certitude and grace. In that context,
saying that one hero is more impassioned than another
based on a flash of inspiration pales in comparison.

Inner Mysteries:

Quintessence and Cass

The Outer Labyrinth does not see Quin-
tessence for the magical force it truly is. The
Inner Labyrinth dwellers suspect more danger-
‘ous secrets. For instance, they know that some
crays yield a magical energy called tass, asort of
substantial Quintessence that Tradition mages
may very well harvest or absorb. Some lodges
are constructed over former sacred sites in an
attempt to monopolize such resources. These
and other such disturbing thoughts await you
in chapter 5.

Temptations of Power

Hidden within the Order of Reason, the most
powerful Daedaleans practice arts that border on
magic... or actually are. A wise master of science will
rarely, if ever, draw upon effects beyond Rank Three.
There are a handful of exceptionally cagey ways to
justify Rank Four and Five Effects as "scientific," but
theyare the exception, not the rule. Once a Daedalean
reaches Arete 4, he is secretly accorded as an adept of
the Inner Mysteries. Such exemplars are watched very
carefully, for they possess incredible power and teeter
ona knife's edge of temptation. Who knows how an
inexperienced adept may react toan Infernalist's siren
song or what irreparable damage such corruption
might produce? After experimenting with the Effects
of the Outer Labyrinth in chapter 3, we'll descend into
the Inner Labyrinth in chapter 4.



CHAPTER THREE:
DAEDALEAN
EFFECTS

quence.

omething was out of place. The very air
smelled different. It defied explanation,
SQ) but some strange thing, some obscure
element had suddenly introduced itself
eZ <y| into every comer, crack and crevice of

~~ the house. Bianca sat up and reached
for the stiletto she kept in a small, hidden compartment of
the bed frame. Beside her, Alessandro slumbered on,
unaware. She slipped out of bed, pulled a robe around her
and crept downstairs where the foreign feeling was stron-
gest.

Lee

ee

Gareth paused then carefully settled the manservant's
limp-necked body on the carpet. Someone was awake. As
he crouched in the shadows that crisscrossed the room, he
watched the young woman, Bianca, glide noiselessly down

Ichabod: I was seven when I lost my faith.
Katrina: What do you believe in?
Ichabod: Science and Reason. Cause and Conse-

— Tim Burton's Sleepy Hollow

the stairs. It was the glow of moonlight on the luminous
white of her gown, peeking out from beneath darker cover,
that gave her away. Otherwise, she would have been
undetectable to an ordinary cutthroat, perhaps even to
some of his enlightened brethren. Interesting.

She drew closer. Gareth could sense her eyes sweeping
back and forth across the room, and in the quiet, he could
hear her sniffing the air like a predator scenting prey. The
spy rose to his fullheight, preparing to retreat into the deeper
shadows behind him, but the moment he moved, he felt the
weight of her gaze fixed upon him. There was a slight
tremor in her voice when she spoke.

"I know you are there. Step into the light where I can
see you."

"And then what?" he replied.


RS

RNARRCAA| Cet

"And then I shall call for my manservant and we shall
discuss what you are doing in my house, uninvited, at this
hour of the night."

The girl spoke in a rapid, breathy hiss. She radiated
fear, and yet there was a strength, a steely resolve beneath
it. Could it be that she was not afraid of him? But if not
him, then what? Intriguing.

"There is no need to call your manservant," Gareth
spoke and sidestepped into a window-shaped patch of
moonlight. "Although, I am afraid he is quite incapable of
speech at the moment." He gestured down to where the
body lay.

"Who are you?" she rasped and held the stiletto out in
front of her, even though the intruder showed no signs of
moving.

"You may call me Gareth."

"Who sent you?"

"I was hired by Senator Caspetti to dispatch a spy and
to ensure the safety of one Signora Bianca Lessi. I assume
that is you."

"Yes. I am Bianca," she replied and scrutinized the
man for a moment. And then the truth came to her.
"Giulio Caspetti did not send you here. My uncle did."
She crossed her arms over her breast and cocked her head
to the side, calling his bluff.

"How can you be so certain?" he asked, now im-
pressed by the woman's confident defiance.

"First of all, Giulio Caspetti has no way of knowing
that Paolo is... was aspy. Second, you have been in my
uncle's study today. I can smell the lamp smoke on you.
The oil has quite a distinctive scent. And finally, only my
uncle would be so bold as to test my alertness by sending an
assassin into my home in the dead of night."

Gareth smiled in spite of himself. This one had merit
and he suspected that she had talents that even Grimaldi
was unaware of. "Well done," he said. "I am certainly

impressed. Now if you will excuse me, Signora, I have a
\\ body to hide."

Walking the Straight
and Narrow Path

The last chapter presented guidelines for what
characters with various Spheres can accomplish. These
descriptions were intentionally open-ended, intended
to spark flashes of inspiration rather than limit every-
one to a set "spell list." Nonetheless, players often
prefer to have concrete examples of what their charac-
ters can do. This chapter is designed to get you started,
but keep in mind that your hero is capable of much
more.

Specialties

If you've skipped straight to this section
of the book to get your "cool powers," a brief
word of explanation is necessary. Each Effect
references a particular Convention. This
doesn't mean that only Daedaleans from the
Convention can use that Effect; instead,
they can use it a bit more effectively than
others can. Check the section on specialties
in the last chapter.

Oh, and there's no real limit to the
number of Effects you can declare on your
character sheet. They're intended as examples
of what your character can do. If you use the
guidelines for the Nine Spheres from the last
chapter, you can actually do quite a bit more.
When writing Effects on your sheet, you may
just want to write down the ones your char-
acter prefers to use, the ones he knows well
because he uses them over and over. Okay,
now you can go back to your skimming.


CHAPTER THREE:
DAEDALEAN
= | EFFECTS
Specific Effects Connection

Ichabod: There's a chemical reaction. It shows there
was a powerful singular

thrust to the neck. Interesting . . . the wound was
cauterized at the very

instant, as though the blade itself was red hot, and yet,
no blistering, no

scorched flesh.

Magistrate Phillips: The devil's fire!

— Tim Burton's Sleepy Hollow

Effects are examples of what Enlightened charac-
ters can achieve by influencing a single Sphere. We've
included examples of conventional specialties, sug-
gested apparatuses, and recommended abilities using
the guidelines in chapter 2. Remember that these are
optional rules, not mandates from the Maximi.

Also keep in mind that you are not limited to these
Effects. Again, this is by no means an exhaustive list.
Each rank of each Sphere has at least one example to
get you started. Your Storyteller should allow you to
present more ideas for Effects based on the guidelines
for the Nine Spheres in chapter 2.

For example, the first rank of each Sphere gives an
example of an Effect based on perception, measure-
mentor intuition. The sections on "Initiate's Insight,"

Z') "Perception on Arete" and the descriptions of the

requisite Spheres in the last chapter give far more
general ideas. The players can dream up additional
applications based on these examples; the Storyteller
then considers them (either before or during the game,
as is her preference) and chooses how to weave them
into the story.

This exchange of ideas is vital in a long-term
chronicle. Regardless of the actual Effect you dream
up, the game mechanics presented in chapter 8 of the
tulebook won't change all that much. If it helps,
discuss your ideas for new applications in a brief
"laboratorio" before the session starts. If you like,
characters also can have discussions with adepts, men-
tors and masters to gain inspiration during the game.
The Storyteller may even want to make a list of
additional recommended Effects she prefers in her
chronicle. The story is yours; make the most of it.

Navigation
¢ Connection (Seeker Convention; sextant, tele-
scope, compass, map)

Seekers, Celestial Masters and the Daedaleans
who follow them often need detailed information
about where they are. With this Effect, an explorercan
ascertain his location based on sketchy information.
The results can take many different forms: "This is
where we are on the map," "We go this way," "Our ship
should reach land in two days" and so on. Without this
talent, an experienced Renaissance traveler with the
tight tools can estimate his longitude, but latitude is
notably more difficult (largely because of the science
of the time). With this talent, the scholar can take a
few quick measurements and figure out the rest through 3
intuition. When supernatural forces try to confuse or
mislead the traveler, this Effect can also be used to see
through deception and regain one's bearings.

[System: An Arete roll (difficulty 4) yields infor-
mation on where the Daedalean is. The casual use of
this Effect may require only a few turns, as opposed to
the lengthy and laborious calculations ordinary folk
use. Three successes give an accurate account of loca-
tion; five successes may give extraordinary insights of
geographical features nearby, even if the explorer is
traveling in uncharted territory. On a botch, the
Scourge sends the traveler in a wrong direction, but
oddly enough, the path always leads to adventure of
some kind.]

Telltale

© Connection (Gabrielite, Craftmason; dust, hu-
man hair, pitch)

(Recommended: Investigation)

Scientists are known for their powers of observa-
tion, but crusaders sometimes carry the ability to new
heights of paranoia. Witches and warlocks are known
to steal small objects from a hidden place without
raising a victim's suspicions. Anyone can take precau-
tions to notice when an area has been disturbed by a
thief in the night, but some crusaders have devised
ways to actively discourage supernatural theft.


THE ORDER
OF REASON -

"

[System: When needs drive them, Tradition mages
can snatch small objects at a distance using Connec-
tion 2. If a Daedalean has an object he doesn't want
stolen, he can use Connection | to actively prevent a
sorcerous theft. The hero might lay a hair across the
top of a drawer, sprinkle dust, or merely draw his purse
strings tight. From the player's point of view, the
character's caution manifests as vigilance and para-
noia, allowing an Arete roll (difficulty 4). Anyone
stealing from the Daedalean with Connection 2 must
overcome these successes to succeed. The Effect lasts
fora day and can be applied to any object smaller than
a housecat. (If suspected witches start stealing your
housecats, you've got bigger problems. )]

Targeting
* Connection (Artificer; pistol, rifle, crossbow,

(Recommended: Firearms Secondary Ability for pis-
tols and rifles; Athletics for thrown weapons; Archery for
bows)

Extensive training, an intuitive command of basic
physics, carefully adjusted sights — regardless of the
rationale, a soldier with this Effect can aim with
unerring accuracy.

[System: Arete (difficulty 4). The hero spends one
turn aiming. On the next turn, each success on the
Arete roll gives a -1 difficulty (up to a maximum of -
3) onashot with a ranged weapon. At the Storyteller's
discretion, if the archer or marksman continues to fire
at the same target at the same range, he may keep these
bonus for the remainder of the scene, or at least until
he fires ata different target. Optionally, a soldier firing
froma moving platform (a carriage, the rolling deck of
a ship, etc.) may instead spend the turn adjusting to
the movement around him. With one success, he can
cancel out any penalties to his Athletics, Firearms or
Archery (secondary) skill for firing from an unsteady
footing or at a moving target.]

Seizing the Forgotten

© Connection (Gabrielite, Craftmason; magni-
fying glass)

(Recommended: Investigation)

Unlike the Telltale Effect, this talent is used when
a sorcerer has already stolen something from afar. A
scholar peruses the area and can prove, at least to other
members of the Order, that sorcery was used. Most
cosmopolitan areas don't consider this legal proof, but
in a backwater village, a man of learning making the
same accusation is all the proof people need to hunt
down a witch in their midst.

[System: The scholar scrutinizes the area where
Connection has been used; the player rolls Arete
(difficulty 4). Three successes prove the crime; more
may give some hint of who did it. Five successes may
uncover some clue where he actually is!]

Pickpocket
© Connection (Ksirafai)
(Recommended: Larceny or Subterfuge)

Daedaleans are known for their inquisitiveness,
and sometimes an investigation may hinge on know-
ing what an individual has hidden on his person.
While the Order does not teach extralegal skills (at
least, not outside the ranks of the Ksirafai), many
students and travelers are worldly enough to have
learned them through experience. As long as the
Daedalean has the opportunity to pass by or "bump
into" the subject ofhis "investigation," there'sa chance
he may deduce what hidden objects his mark has.
With enough successes, he may even have the chance
to acquire them surreptitiously.

[System: Sorcerers can do this at a distance, but
Daedaleans must get close enough to actually touch
the subject in question. Picking the pocket of an
unsuspecting mark starts with an Arete (difficulty 5)
roll; each success lowers the difficulty of the Dexterity
+ Larceny roll that follows by 1. (The maximum
modifier is -3, and the difficulty cannot be reduced
below 4.) Since this requires two rolls, it requires two
turns: one to size up the victim and the other to
liberate his property.


= f } > —
= CHAPTER THREE: Lay
NSDY DAEDALEAN =F Va
= = EFFECTS

A wary subject may be able to resist this with
Perception + Subterfuge (difficulty 6, but lower his

difficulty if he has Connection). At the Storyteller's

discretion, a Daedalean may prefer to simply deduce

what hidden objects another character is carrying.
The character rolls Arete as normal then makes a
Perception roll; each success reduces the difficulty of

the roll by 1 (up to a maximum of -3; it cannot be
reduced below 4).]

Shortcut

© Connection (if traveling alone)
.

Connection (if traveling with others)

(Seeker, Celestial Master; maps, journals, naviga-
tional tools)

Why take the path everyone else relies on? Ad-

venturous explorers have a knack for cutting hours off

a day's journey merely by venturing off the beaten

path. For each day's journey, a Daedalean appears to
have found a convenient shortcut. The Navigation
Effect can be used to either increase the amount of
ground traversed (for journeys over twenty miles) or
decrease the required travel time (for shorter jour-
neys). However, once his companions lose track of {
landmarks, roads and the like, they may never realize

less visionary wanderers.

A Seeker mediator travels fastest when she's alone;
when others are with her (and she's limited by Con-
nection 2), she simply cannot cover as much ground.
A more Enlightened resplendent isn't content to be a
scout. Instead, he acts as guide (with Connection 3) to

an entire cabal.


THE ORDER
OF REASON :

percent, up to a maximum of 50 percent with five
successes. If a journey normally takes more than a day,
make one roll for each day's travel. Each success
increases the amount of ground normally covered by
10 percent, again up to a max of 50 percent.

This Effect is very useful when a hero is racing
# against time or another traveler. In these cases, the
player can decide at the start of each day whether to
use the Shortcut. Keep track of the number of suc-
cesses attained; when the hero has stacked ten of
them, she's reduced travel time by one day. For in-
stance, traveling from Venice to Naples takes about
nine days. If the hero leaving Venice wants to arrive in
Naples full day before she's expected, she can take up
to nine rolls (risking the Scourge, of course) to score
ten successes. If that same hero owns a coach and can
drive a team of horses, she can bring her cabal along
with her. (At the Storyteller's discretion, Willpower

the chapter.)

If exact numbers aren't necessary, the Storyteller
may allow the travelers to bypass a few of the major
obstacles in their path instead. With a few successes,
the well-cultured explorer runs into a few individuals
who are unusually helpful: a farmer with a wagon offers
a lift, a border guard is willing to allow passage in
exchange for a traveler's tale, or a horse is found
wandering by the side of the road. When traveling by
sea, the explorer's Effects are even more casual: the
wind shifts, the weather is unusually good or the crew
is extremely motivated.]

Infiltration

*¢e Connection

(Ksirafai; lockpicks, footpads, climbing equipment)

(Recommended: Larceny 3 and Stealth 3. If you've
only got one of those Abilities, the difficulty is +1; if you
}}\ have neither, it's +2.)

When you're at your best, you can infiltrate just
about any building, no matter how elaborate the
defenses are. Even better, you can do this without
attracting the attention of guards or other observers,
and anyone but the Enlightened would miss the tell-
tale clues that show how you got inside. It's a simple
matter of getting from point A outside to point B
inside without being seen.

[System: Arete (difficulty 6). The Storyteller se-
cretly sets the number of successes required to get in.
If guards are especially vigilant, you may need to make
asecond roll. The number of successes you need is one
more than the Perception Attribute of the most atten-
tive guard. If there are locks on the doors or other
precautions, the difficulty on these rolls might in-
crease anywhere from 1 to 5. No one said this would be
easy! It is, however, quicker than roleplaying encoun-
ters with every guard and door in your path.

The Infiltration Effect isn't simply a matter of
using sorcery to walk through walls instantaneously. It
takes at least a full scene to pull off, and the results are
explained by your competence at sneaking, climbing,
escaping, picking locks and similar larcenous activi-
ties. You might be wondering, "Why should I use this
instead of the Stealth Ability or Larceny?" The answer
relies on your Enlightened arts. With a successful
Arete roll, you infiltrate the building without a trace,
using methods that common folk simply can't fathom.
The Cults of Ixos have been using such techniques
since the Trojan War; over a millennium, they've
gotten a bit better at them. An observer may need to
use his influence over Mind, Fortune or Connection
to even notice you were ever there — you're that

good.]

Fortune

Cynical Eye

© Fortune

A Daedalean with influence over Fortune has
keen powers of observation for flaws, foibles and weak-
nesses. The cup is half-empty, the ale inside is nasty,
and the beautiful bar maid who just poured it is
probably diseased. Some cynical Daedaleans have
been known to become staunch pessimists, tainting
the ideals of their hopeful brethren with cynicism and
despair. A few are expressive enough to convince
others that flaws are there when none really are. Most
resplendents don't realize that such an attitude can
actually create a problem where one didn't exist before
the cynic's barbed comments.

[System: The Storyteller rolls Arete (difficulty 4)
whenever the cynic wants to take a long, critical look


CHAPTER THREE:
DAEDALEAN
= EFFECTS

at someone or something's flaws. As part of the story,
the subject viewed may actually degrade or degenerate
a little under the cynic's watchful eye. This won't
actually inflict wounds or cause objects to crumble,
but until the cynic notices the flaw, it's possible it's
nowhere near as bad as he says it is. When used with
Mind 1, this Effect can influence character flaws;
when used with Matter 1, it can spot physical flaws.
These are trivial, of course. On a botch, the "anti-
hero" (or one of his possessions) develops one of the
flaws he claims to see in others.]

Idealism

¢ Fortune (High Guild, Explorator— particularly
for Herculinians or the Rose Guild)

When youcreate a secret society to save the world,
you tend to attract a lot of idealists. Some heroes just

eem to have dumb luck, and no matter how bad things
get, they're convinced that their struggles are far from
over. Tempting fate continually, such an idealist tends
to notice lucky breaks more often than do his cynical
associates.

[System: Arete (difficulty 4). Raise the difficulty if
things are looking especially grim. With this Effect,
scoring one or two successes is considered a failed roll.
With three successes, some minor and encouraging
event takes place (birds start singing, there's one more
bit of cheese left in your backpack, a beautiful woman
smiles at you and so on). These events aren't really
useful, but they're encouraging. With five successes,
you've just had a bit of dumb luck. Someone left a door
unlocked, you remembered to bring your extra pistol,
the Infernalist overlooked a tiny flaw in his dastardly
scheme — the story takes a dramatic turn. This may be
attempted once per session.

Please note: You may suggest ideas to the Story-
teller, but since she's telling the tale, the results are
entirely up to her. This Effect can never be used to
circumventa story, investigation or mystery; if you try
such a feat, you'll get a wonderful bit of good fortune
that's got absolutely nothing to do with the plot. On
a botch, the Storyteller prepares a big karmic hit for
the poor bastard who's been pushing his luck with
Idealism rolls for far too long. And yes, successes on
Idealism can be used to cancel out successes from the
Cynicism Effect, and vice versa]

Danse Macabre

¢ Fortune (Cosian, Ksirafai; vivisector's knife,
acids, sense of smell)

(Recommended: Investigation, Larceny or Medicine)

The healers of the Renaissance learn about life by
studying the living. The idea of furthering this knowl-
edge by carving up dead bodies is considered immoral
and unholy. Nonetheless, some vivisectors occulted
within the House of Knives (and in some cases, the
occultists of other Conventions) have become stu-
dents of Misfortune, deducing what a man has done in
life by the way he appears in death.

[System: At this level of insight, a scholar can use
Perception + Investigation, Larceny or Medicine to
thoroughly examine a corpse. The scholar can deduce
exactly how it died, who may have committed the foul
deed, and even a few telltale traits about the murderer.

a thorough description of events around the time of
the victim's death.

Cosian surgeons have found more insidious uses to
analyze the handiwork of necromancers and unearth
revelations about the walking dead. (This plague victim
kept wandering through the streets . . . even after he died!)
Such dark insights require an Arete roll (difficulty 4)
because they carry some degree of risk from the Scourge.
The section Hunches and Inspirations in chapter 2
gives some additional ideas.]

Cloak of Shadows

¢ Fortune (Ksirafai; nondescript clothing, foot-
pads, cloak)

(Recommended: Stealth)

Stealth is more than a matter of simply being
quiet. There's a fair bit of luck involved as well. A
master thief can size up a crowd and instinctively
figure out the shadowy places they're least likely to
notice him. Ifa merchant turns his head just at the right
moment, it's easy to make a furtive dash across an open
space to his booth. If a diversion happens to occur just
as the skulking thief needs one, he can get away with,
well, murder. Is it skill or coincidence? Does it matter?

When traveling unnoticed through a crowded
marketplace, for instance, a talented ruffian might


"SS

|

ai

BS) =
EY NIOSY NGO!

decide to leap inside a vendor's cart, avoid the booth
where an argument is obviously going to break out, or
just duck behind a row of stalls at the moment when no
one is around. The Storyteller is encouraged to impro-
vise all sorts of wild stories to explain the results of this
Effect.

[System: If a thief or spy has a few moments to
scout out where he intends to practice his furtive
skulking, he may make a Perception or Wits + Stealth
roll to guess where the safest places to sneak might be;
the difficulty depends on the danger. The Storyteller
balances how many people are nearby, how much
illumination is present, and a host of other factors. If
the skulker gets three or more successes, he won't need
to follow up with his Arete.

If, on the other hand, he gets one or two success on

; the initial roll, then he'll need an Arete roll (difficulty

6) to save his ass; lower the difficulty by 1 for each
success on the Stealth roll. If he botches the Stealth
roll, then the Arete roll allows him to avoid getting
caught. If the Arete roll also botches, the Scourge has
trapped him into a situation where he's about to get his
just deserts.)

Detect Lie

¢¢ Fortune

(Recommended: Investigation or Subterfuge)

Any good investigator can sense whether some-
one has met with good fortune or misfortune. By an
intuitive understanding of body language, social cues
and unconscious reactions, the Daedalean can distin-
guish a true recollection from a well-reasoned lie.

(System: At the beginning of an "interrogation"
scene, a player can request the use of his Detect Lie
Effect. The Storyteller then makes an Arete roll (dif-
ficulty 5). Throughout the resulting conversations,
the Storyteller then makes asides to the player when
the subject may not exactly be telling the truth. This
should never be announced bluntly ("What that guy
just said was a lie!"), but should hint at which part of
the story is suspicious ("He seems quite unwilling to
talk about his wife's activities after dark").

Atthe Storyteller's discretion, the player may call
for a Perception + Subterfuge roll every time the
character overhears something that may be a lie.
Reduce the difficulty by 1 for every two levels of
Fortune the character has. The player doesn't need to
actively call for this roll; the character is just very
attuned to deception and deceit.]

Lucky Blow

eee Fortune

(Recommended: Brawl or Melee, as appropriate)

Good shot! With a discerning eye and quick
reflexes, an Enlightened warrior can find a weak spot
in his enemy's armor, notice a flaw in a fencer's
technique or figure out the best way to attack a bygone
beastie on the rampage. A brawler may be favoring one
side because of a wound in his shoulder, leaving a brief
opening for a jab, or perhaps the wind picks up just
right as our hero lets an arrow fly.

[System: The Enlightened warrior rolls Arete (dif-
ficulty 6). The Storyteller can decide which way to
apply the results:

— For each success, the Enlightened warrior gets
an extra attack die. She can save these dice and add
them (one at a time) to attack rolls for the remainder
of the scene.

— Because of a weak spot in an opponent's armor,
it does not grant extra soak dice the next time he's hit.

— On one attack, the Enlightened warrior can
reduce the difficulty of his chance to hit by 1 for each
success (up to a maximum of -3),

— When the Effect is used against a mythical
creature, the Enlightened scholar deduces a weakness.
He can make "called shots" at +2 difficulty to exploit
the weakness by striking the appropriate area.]

Dark-Adapted Eye (Artificer; heat and lenses)

* Forces

(Recommended: Science)

A Daedalean can perceive forces no other Renais-
sance scientist can. He does not yet have names for all
of them and cannot fully understand them. As with


N77 Ve = =
CHAPTER THREE:
=) NSDY DAEDALEAN
: EFFECTS

: =

many studies, he is considerably ahead of his time —
in this rare case, by a few centuries. (Because this is
ect is not consid-

merely a matter of perception, this
ered vain.) Through a system of lenses made sensitive
to heat, he can actually "see" temperatures and mea-
sure their intensity. By this manner, he may actually
see living things skulking in darkness. He may also
notice heat bleeding around the cracks of a hidden
door or priest hole. Of course, if there is a sudden flare
of heat — such as the discharge of a firearm — while
he is using such lenses, he will be temporarily blinded,
so few Artificers go hunting while using Dark-Adapted
Eyes.

[System: First, Arete | and a proper use of equip-

ment begin this Effect, which lasts for the duration of
ascene. One success on a simple Perception + Science
roll can measure temperature; three notice the heat
wafting from living things; five can study the minute
cracks around a hidden door. A sudden flash of light,
however, will blind the scientist for one turn; each
additional turn, he must make a successful Stamina
roll (difficulty 8) to recover.
At the Storyteller's discretion, a lesser version of
this Effect may not require an apparatus or focus. In
low-light conditions, such as the darkness surrounding
a campfire, the hero can use his keen vision to spot
more details than can the average commoner.]

Tamping
© Forces

(Artificer; firearm)

By the sixteenth century, warriors blessed with
flintlock rifles may decide to carry their black powder
in little paper-wrapped, premeasured bundles. While
this is certainly convenient, it is clearly the stuff of
fantastic fiction in the Dark Fantastic age. No Artifi-
cer worth his witch ma . . . er, powder bums, would
allow anyone else to measure his gunpowder for him.
As a matter of f
black powder weapon is the joy of estimating exactly
how much powder you will need. Apprentice artificers

act, one of the advantages of using a

have been known to push this opportunity to its limits,

seeing how much powder they can tamp intoa firearm
to increase its damage without forcing a massive,
messy and decidedly unquantifiable explosion.


YEE

THE ORDER
OF REASON >

——

[System: Take a few turns and an Arete roll
(difficulty 5) to represent the hero's cautious attempt
to tamp down more powder. The Storyteller should
make this roll and mark down the result. On a botch,
of course, there's an explosion and the gun is ruined.
If the roll succeeds, each success translates into one
extra die of damage on the next shot. The weapon
cannot inflict more than twice its normal damage;
anything greater would be quite vain, so ignore the
extra successes beyond that point.]

Tension (Artificer; crossbow)
¢¢ Forces
(Recommended: Archery 3)
Your soldier can reload a crossbow faster and more
<1} efficiently. Perhaps you've tinkered with the reloading
i mechanism, or you've just practiced extensively enough

to slam through bolts quicker. When danger rears its
head, your companions won't question your training
at this too closely.

[System: Roll Arete, difficulty 8, while reloading

a crossbow. (The +3 difficulty is for fast casting the
Effect, as described in the previous chapter.) If you
score three successes, reduce the number of rounds to
reload the weapon by 1.]

Ear of Dionysis (Ksirafai; Ear of Dionysus, sound,
ear trumpet)

© ¢ Forces

(Recommended: Subterfuge)

The Ear of Dionysus is like an "aural telescope" —
with skill, a spy can hear sounds at a distance with it.
It resembles a funnel with a series of reverberating
chambers in the smaller end to magnify sound. By
aiming it precisely at an open window or placing it by
a thin wall or door, a perceptive person may overhear
conversations within. The Craftmasons have a less
elaborate version of this Effect: in buildings they have
constructed, they sometimes place "listening holes" to
allow a member of their conspiracy to eavesdrop on
selected rooms.

In some cases, a hero with this talent simply has a
highly developed sense of hearing. It is rumored that
some extensively trained investigators (like Ksirafai
and Floreati elite within the High Guild) have an
amazing acuity for discerning the faintest aural clues.

[System: The spy needs great deal of patience; the
player needs an Arete roll (difficulty 5) or a simple
Perception + Alertness or Subterfuge roll. Some Sto-
rytellers may allow the Arete roll to pick up a heroic
amount of detail, such as someone's weight (by hear-
ing footfalls), what items he is carrying or the implied
relationships between people in the room. Of course,
such practices aren't without risk. A botched Arete
roll may tip off the listener to "soap operatic" inter-
ludes in adjacent rooms he can't resist listening to. . .
or getting involved in later.

At the Storyteller's discretion, unless a character
declares Ear of Dionysus as an apparatus, he probably
won't get the -1 difficulty when using this Effect (he
doesn't really need it, anyway). Alternatively, some-
one with influence over senses might have extremely
sensitive hearing; in these cases, raise the difficulty by
1. This "sense" of something nearby might be attrib-
uted to sound but could instead be the result of caution
or wariness. ("Did you hear something? There's some-
thing down there!") Truly superhuman uses of this
Gift (remember Gustavus in Baron Munchausen?) are
vain and not possible for Daedaleans of the Outer
Labyrinth.]

Flash (Artificer Bright Lion, Cosian House of on bed
Olympus; chemistry, alchemy) RA
eee Forces

(Recommended: Science 4)

Through a proper mixture of chemicals, a
Daedalean scientist can soak a piece of parchment in
a substance so flammable that it will combust in one
brilliant flash. Depending on the intensity of the burst,
it may actually blind all who see it. Gabrielites testify
that some creatures of the night are terrified by this
display. All the better to drive them back into the
darkness . . .


CHAPTER THREE: iz /
DAEDALEAN
EFFECTS Va

[System: Preparing the chemicals for the Flash
requires a successful Arete roll (difficulty 6). The
chemicals used are a trade secret and must be em-
ployed with extreme caution. A few minutes before
the parchment is used, the scientist adds the last
crucial ingredient; the paper will remain unusually
flammable for the duration of one scene. The exact
turn it is needed, the scientists adds flame and closes
his eyes. Anyone who is unprepared is blinded for one
turn and must roll Stamina (difficulty 8) at the begin-
ning of each subsequent turn to recover. It is rumored
that the flash can also send vampires and other night
creatures into paroxysms of fear.]

Examine Humors

Life (Cosian; chemicals, vial, flask)

(Recommended: Medicine)

Diagnosing illness is an inexact science in the
Renaissance. One theory holds that by examining the
four humors, a scholar might ascertain the state of a
person's health and temperament. Some Cosians rou-
tinely take samples of blood, mucus, sweat and other
fluids to aid in such analysis.

[System: Standard roll (Arete, difficulty 4). Each
success grants a -1 difficulty (up to a maximum of -3)
onall Medicine rolls involving diagnosis for the dura-
tion of one scene. When used with Mind 2, the Effect
may even give insights into the patient's usual tem-
perament or disposition (bilious or sanguine, for
instance) or even predict what it might be on the
following day.]

Rouge

¢e Life (Ksirafai; makeup, costume)

With a bit of kohl here and a bit of powder there,
a spy can disguise her appearance just enough to fool
someone's casual glance. The spy can make herself
unattractive, discouraging others from noticing her
presence; she may feign beauty, fooling all but the
most perceptive suitors; or she may simply become
nondescript, so ordinary that she's overlooked.

[System: The Storyteller may choose to apply the
results of a standard roll in one of three ways:

— The number of successes can work like Arcane
dice, adding to a Stealth roll.

— For each success, reduce the difficulty of all
Appearance-based rolls for the duration of a scene (up
to a maximum of 3).

— One success creates one flaw (or feature) a
casual viewer will remember; three successes will force
viewers to recall the wrong hair color or invent a false
facial feature; five successes will create for the casual
viewer a thorough description that is completely un-
like the spy's real appearance.]

Rapid Healing

ee Life (Cosian)

Healers often develop an innate resistance to
contamination and infection. They also learn to prac-
tice what they preach, studiously taking good care of
themselves. Thus, Daedaleans with influence over
Life are unusually hale and hearty, recovering from
injury and illness faster than others.

[System: If the hero makes an Arete roll (difficulty
6), he can heal one nonaggravated wound each day he
rests; he can continue to do this for one day for each
success. Aggravated wounds are a bit more difficult:
roll Stamina (difficulty 8) each day to heal one wound
level. With aggravated wounds, this does include Dice
Pool penalties for wounds; for nonaggravated wounds,
it doesn't. Note that this roll is often used during the
downtime between adventures. If someone's going to
be in bed for days, it may effectively take him out of the
rest of the chapter.

The Storyteller may decide a wound is grievous
enough that this Effect won't help. For instance, if a
patient lost a limb as part of his injury, he may never
fully recover because it won't just "grow back" (and
certainly not with this Effect). If this seems harsh,
then repeat these words: "Mages are mortal . . . mages
are mortal .. ."]


THE ORDER
OF REASON :

—

Trauma (Cosian, Chalice Guild; herbs, bandages,
poultices, surgical tools)
eee Life
This is the Renaissance equivalent of first aid. Ifan
Enlightened healer can get toan injured victim quickly
enough, he may try to bandage wounds, stop bleeding,
treat shock, set bones and do whatever other emer-
gency measures are necessary to save the patient. Of
course, Cosians don't think in terms of modern medi-
cine when using this Effect; the visionary just
instinctively knows at the spur-of-the-moment how
to treat wounds. If he tried to write a treatise on the
> 4 subject, it would probably by anecdotal and confusing.
In an emergency, he doesn't stop and think — he acts!
[System: If the healer can get to his patient within
a few rounds after the injury is sustained, he may
attempt this Effect. Roll Arete (difficulty 6); each

observer, it may appear as though the wounds were
nowhere nearas bad as he thought they were — maybe
that glancing blow left a nasty bruise instead of dislo-
cating a shoulder.

If more than a few rounds have passed, the healer
can make a straight Wits + Medicine roll (difficulty 6)
to heal one level of damage. If the healer is attempting
to bind his own wounds, he can either make the Arete
roll (difficulty 8) or make the same Wits + Medicine
roll to heal one level. In any case, a botch means that
the patient takes an additional level of damage. On a
botched Arete roll, roll a number of dice equal to the
"victim's" Scourge pool (difficulty 6) to calculate
additional damage.]

Chirurgeon

©e Life (Cosian; bandages, ointment, unguent,
or leeches!)

If a healer attends to a wounded patient who's
convalescing, he can drastically reduce the amount of
time he needs to heal. This may appear to involve little
more than changing bandages, cautiously bleeding out
infection, balancing humors, administering herbs and
keeping the patient calm. Over a matter of days, the

healer confirms the injuries and illness were nowhere
nearas bad as the patient thought they were. Note that
this Effect is often used in the downtime between
adventures; if a patient is going to be bedridden for
days, it may effectively take him out of the story until
the end of the chapter.

[System: Using the medical procedures involved
with this Effect decreases healing time. The system is
the same as for Rapid Healing but can be used on other
heroes as well. If several people have been injured, the
Cosian can heal only one of them (including herself)
before the end of the scene.]

Hidden Switch (Artificer, Craftmason)

© Matter

As the description of the Matter Sphere relates,
the hero is exceptionally good at finding hidden
switches, levers, mechanisms, secret doors, priest holes,
sloping corridors, traps, pressure plates, tension mecha-
nisms and all that sort of nonsense.

[System: As noted under the section on permuta-
tions in the last chapter, this is the sort of Effect that
can be used with Perception + Alertness, Perception
+ Awareness, or an Arete roll.

— Using Alertness, the observer may need to get
four or five successes to notice the mundane details
that indicate the presence of a well-concealed device.

— A scholar with influence over Matter, on the
other hand, may need only one or two successes on an
Arete roll, since he can intuitively guess exactly what
he's looking for.

—A perceptive initiate who relies on her Aware-
ness might get a hunch that some kind of sorcery was
used to obscure or even create the "hidden switch"; if
it was entirely created by mundane means, however,
Awareness won't be of much help.

If some odd bit of Mind magic or such is used to
obscure details or discourage a casual glance, the
Daedalean must use an Arete roll. On a botch — or if
some cheeky bastard utters the words "I check for
traps!" — a mechanism's hair trigger goes off and
injures someone, or an initiate is utterly convinced he
knows there's a secret mechanism when there's really
none.]


TS = CHAPTER THREE:
DAEDALEAN
: 2 EFFECTS ); ZANVai

Dash and a Pinch (Cosian, Bright Lion; labora-
tory, cooking, alchemy)

© Matter

(Recommended: Craft, Metaphysics (Alchemy), or
Medicine)

With access to the right ingredients (or the right
chemicals), the Enlightened scholar can produce just
about any mixture, poultice or concoction (within
reason). Fora cook, this requires a well-stocked larder;
for an alchemist, a first-rate laboratory will suffice.
[System: Roll Arete (difficulty 5). The scholar
goes into seclusion in a kitchen (for food) or a labora-
tory (for chemicals) for one scene. From his point of
view, he's in there mixing chemicals or ingredients;
from the players' point of view, this is simple transmu-
tation made simple, or at least casual. Optionally, a
Daedalean with Crafts might be able to do this with
ingredients that aren't quite appropriate, or under
conditions that are less than ideal.

The number of successes required are roughly the
same as they would be for a Tradition mage conjuring
food from "thin air" with Matter 2, Prime 2; a Cosian
just takes a bit more time and uses the right ingredi-
ents.

Because Arete is involved, the results are always
quicker and more impressive than mundane means. A
cook may need five successes on Wits + Crafts to
produce the finest meal you've had in years; an En-
lightened craftsman may casually do the same with
one or two successes and Matter 2. These applications
aren't limited to food. If you're using rules from an-
other book concerning herbs, potions or poultices, you
can (at the Storyteller's discretion) drastically reduce
the time to concoct them.

In the same spirit, a mediator guardsman can
prepare a sumptuous meal with a dead chicken, a
campfire, anda few esoteric spices. Working very, very
quickly has its own nice side effects. In some condi-
tions, being able to cook something in ten minutes
that would normally take an hour may give you some
time to sneak out of the laboratory or kitchen and
snoop around. At the Storyteller's option, cooking
something mundane might not require a roll at all. If
a hero has Matter 2 and Craft (Cooking) 4, she's the
Renaissance version of Iron Chef. Skip to dessert.

Add a dash of Mind 2, tamper with a plate of food
for a few minutes, and you may achieve greater Effects.
You might sway someone's opinion with a warm meal,
make your guest lethargic enough to retire early,
encourage everyone to drink more wine with a spicy
supper or garner hatred against a rival adept by making
his dinner guests ill.]

Simple Transmutation

© Matter (Artificer Bright Lions, Cosian Olym-
pians; athenor, flask)

(Required: Metaphysics [Alchemy] 4)

With secret alchemical methods, you can trans-
form one substance to another. This is not as extreme
as overtly sorcerous methods, but because you are
ahead of your time, you can accomplish this feat using
magical-seeming scientific means.

[System: Alchemy breaks many of the rules in this
book. (It's worthy of more extensive treatment in
another book.) A character must have Metaphysics 4
to use this Effect. For now, the rules are roughly the
same as they are for Tradition mages, but the degree of
success is more limited. Calculate the successes re-
quired the same way, but don't allow a feat that
requires more than three successes.

Drawing upon the examples in the main rulebook,
changing beer to water still takes one success. Trans-
forming rock to stained glass still takes three successes,
but it takes time (at least a day). Because changing lead
to gold requires more than three successes, it is an
Inner Mystery and cannot be attempted before the
character attains Arete 4. If you're looking for practi-
cal applications of alchemy, it's going to take you a
long, long time before you reach them.

As an optional rule, a Storyteller proficient in
chemistry may allow an alchemist with Matter 2 to
perform simple chemical processes known in later
periods of history. The hero acts on instinct, not
knowing the names or principles involved, but stum-
bling upon the correct process with an Arete roll.
Technically, these acts would normally be vain, but
having a Daedalean perform simple kitchen chemistry
shouldn't break the game. In brutal terms, if it breaks
the game, it doesn't work. Filling a flask with enough
oxygen to breathe for a minute or two is harmless.


LT

THE ORDER
OF REASON

Making napalm breaks the game. Storyteller judg-
ment (and chemical expertise) is required. If you
aren't a chemistry whiz, don't use this optional rule at
home.]

Sabotage

ee Matter or ¢* Fortune (Artificer; hammer,
chisel, axe)

What one can build, another can destroy. The
word sabotage isn't period for the Renaissance, but
smashing things never goes out of style. A Daedalean
with this Effect knows exactly where to strike to bring
a war machine grinding to a halt, cripple the town
clock with one well-placed blow or even jam the
mechanism ona lock, door hinge, winch or some other
simple device.

Anyone can break things with enough blows from
a heavy object, but an insightful Daedalean can do it
quickly and quietly, without drawing the attention of
the city watch. Repairs on mundane objects may take
hours. As a side note, some Artificer contraptions are
quite delicate or sensitive because they are experimen-
tal, making them extremely susceptible to
post-medieval "monkey wrenching."

[System: Roll Arete (difficulty 5). The Storyteller's
got to set the difficulty on this one. On simple objects,
between one and five successes may suffice; on
Machinae and similar Works, the "craftsman" may
need to beat the number of successes used to create the
object, but he can also make an Arete roll each turn
and stack his successes on an extended roll.]

Industry (Artificer, Craftmason; tools, hammer)

eee Matter

With this talent, an Enlightened craftsman can
create simple items much faster than can a common
laborer. With quality materials and the right tools, he
can build exquisite furniture, erect false walls, hide
doors, conceal compartments and construct all that
nonsense initiates with the Hidden Switch Effect are
trying so assiduously to find.

[System: Each roll represents about eight hours of
hard work in seclusion. What asorcerer can conjure up
with vain magic with a wave of his hands, a craftsman
can create in about a day. Before the roll is made, the
Storyteller estimates the number of successes required
(one for a simple bookshelf, five for a library full of
shelves, ten for a complicated maze of shelves with
secret doors between them and numerous hidden
compartments).

Asageneral rule, use the same number of successes
a sorcerer would use to conjure something from "thin
air" with Matter 2, Prime 2, but give the industrious
Daedalean eight hours to do the same feat. No one
understands how the master builder can construct
things so quickly, but his skill is attributed to skill, not
supernatural ability.

If the first day's work doesn't achieve enough
success, another roll can be made for the next eight
hours. If this seems like it would put a strain on the
story, then the craftsmen may attemptan "all-nighter."
While others sleep, they work until dawn; the next
morning, all of their Stamina, Intelligence and Wits
rolls suffer a +3 difficulty until they can catch up on
sleep.

Craftmasons sometimes work this Effect commu-
nally to achieve truly impressive results. Itmay take an
entire cabal to board up the windows of a country
estate against an approaching army of walking dead (as
the playtesters of this book can testify). Each crafter
receives an Arete roll, and all add their successes. In
this way, a simple house may be built in a matter of
days, and the secret rooms in the cellar will take only
a few more as the artisans pretend to put "finishing
touches" upstairs.

At the Storyteller's discretion, only the resplen-
dent involved needs to understand this Effect. As long
as the other craftsmen are at least initiates, they can
stack extra successes on the roll by helping out with
grunt work. There's a limit to how many extra Arete
rolls can be stacked on top, so we'll set it as the Arete
of the resplendent organizing them all. For every two
additional initiates, add in a mediator to supervise
them.]


CHAPTER THREE:
DAEDALEAN
EFFECTS

Cypher Wheel (High Guild or Ksirafai; codes and
cyphers)

¢ Mind (for encryption) or ¢ Fortune (for
decryption)

Basic cryptography is a useful skill for any spy to
acquire. Before the Renaiss

ance, many commonly
used codes were childishly simple: a substitution cypher
was enough to baffle most untrained minds. In the
Dark Fantastic age, however, intrigue is an integral
part of life to many wealthy men and women, particu-
larly within the High Guild and among the Ksirafai.
Some just seem to have a gift for breaking the codes in
written messages. One flash of insight can reveal the
puzzle behind the most complicated code.

[System: Cyphers used by the Order of Reason
have amazing levels of complexity, but with time, a
rational mind can deconstruct them. This is some-

times vital when cabals begin to scheme against each
other! Crafting a simple code (which is nonetheless
unbreakable to those outside the Order) requires Mind 4
1 and an Arete roll (difficulty 4). The Storyteller
makes the roll and writes down the number of suc-

cesses.

An intercepted code can be deciphered using
Fortune | and an Arete roll (difficulty 4). Without the
master key, it can be broken down only by chance, but
such flashes of insight are not uncommon to the
Enlightened. The Daedalean attempting to crack the
code must score more successes than the spy who
encrypted the message. She's got one chance to do it;
if necessary, each scholar in a cabal can take the same ||
chance. If the Storyteller favors drama, partial succe:

may unlock a few key words and offer an enigma. Ifshe ~S
favors realism, however, only complete success deci-
phers the message.


aN

THE ORDER
OF REASON :

——

With Matter 2, some Cosians and Ksirafai have
found ways to chemically treat parchment to contain
secret inks and dyes. Any fool can write with lemon
juice and later reveal it with a candle (if he knows
about this trick), but alchemical encryption requires
Matter to "decipher" by adding the right ingredient to
J reveal the secret message.]

Marching Orders (Artificer)

* Mind

(Recommended: Leadership)

Scholars and scientists of the Renaissance were
often consumed by a mania for quantification, apply-
ing mathematics to nearly everything they practiced.
Even soldiers got swept away by this fad. Some be-
lieved that a study of basic algebra and trigonometry
could make a general a more effective tactician. A few
of them attempted learned treatises on subjects like
the ideal number of soldiers in a unit, the exact
geometric configuration in which they should march,
and how the percentage of soldiers wounded or killed
can affect the performance of various organizations of
troops. The results may seem naive, innovative or
tragic, depending on your point of view.

One guild of Artificers, the Mauls, has learned to
sift the useful information from hopelessly inept strat-
egies. The results are a devastating combination of
mathematics and strategy. Through careful planning,
asmall unit of soldiers may be extraordinarily effective
against another several times its size. Great victories
can be attributed to exceptionally well-reasoned strat-
egies.

[System: Short of devising mass-combat rules, the
Storyteller may allow a soldier with this Effect to
augment a Leadership roll when leading troops into
battle. Because of the character's extraordinary train-
ing, the player first rolls Arete (difficulty 4) at the
beginning of a battle scene. The successes are saved
until they're needed during the skirmish. At any point
during the scene, the player can trade in one saved
success for a -1 difficulty on any Leadership roll in-
volving strategy; no difficulty can be reduced below 4
in this way. Cautious planning creates effective orga-
nization.]

Romance
ee Mind \
(Ksirafai, High Guild [more specifically, Guild of || f
Roses]; music, wine, roses, etc.) \

Anyone with enough influence over Mind can
become a regular Casanova. The scientists and schol-
ars of the Dark Fantastic world shouldn't be unsightly,
shambling misfits buried in laboratories. This is a
passionate age! From the time an initiate is accepted
in a lodge, there's a wealth of coconspirators around,
and some of them are damned attractive. Young stu-
dents, in particular, are known to escape from the
grueling labors of study and industry by falling into the
occasional fling.

Courtly love is very different than it was in the
Dark Ages, but many of the same trappings remain.
Admittedly, some scholars pursue romance like a
rarefied study, mastering opening lines, choosing just
the right piece of music to set a mood or picking the
precise moment for the proper advance. Ksirafai are
masters of seduction as well but use many more direct
techniques. The right concoction ina cup of wine can
have a greater effect than the world's best sonnet.

[System: Roleplaying is most certainly required for
this Effect. The basic dice roll is rather prosaic: Arete
(difficulty 5), resisted by Willpower if the subject is
unwilling. If you prefer more drama, some Storytellers
use this initial roll to set up a series of more elaborate
strategies and dice rolls. Which approach do you use
— Appearance + Etiquette or Charisma + Subterfuge?
A simple seduction can require many such rolls, ad-
justed by the difficulty of the situation. In such cases,
the additional Arete roll modifies all such rolls for the
duration of one scene; each success grants a -1 diffi-
culty, up to a maximum of -3. With five successes on
the Arete roll, just cut to the chase: you've swept
someone off his or her feet.]

Shameful Outburst

¢¢ Mind (High Guild, Gabrielite)

Some people just don't react well to logic. More
precisely, some Daedaleans are cautious and calculat-
ing enough to manipulate others into decidedly illogical
behavior. Examples include forcing a man into a fit of


CHAPTER THREE:
DAEDALEAN
; = EFFECTS );

rage through brutal insults and interrogation, driving
him to tears by playing upon his weakness or even
eliciting his trust by claiming expertise or authority.
By carefully choosing words, stance and attitude, the
Daedalean is a master of subterfuge, forcing someone
of lesser will into a shameful outburst of emotions.

[System: This sort of scene just cries out for strong
roleplaying. At the beginning of the scene, the player
announces that he's using this Effect and specifies the
emotion he's trying to force in his subject. ("I'm going
to use Shameless Outburst to force that young woman
to tears... maybe then she'll confess to hiding the
criminal we're looking for.") At the beginning of the
scene, if a character mentions this Effect, the Story-
teller makes the character's Arete roll (difficulty 5) in
secret (so as not to tip the results of the conversation
prematurely) and roleplays the conversation accord-
ingly. A strong-willed subject may resist with a
temporary Willpower roll; if the subject has influence
over Mind, he may instead make an Arete roll to turn
the tables on his interrogator!]

Olive Branch

© © Mind (Gabrielite Doves of Christ or Illustrious
Ones)

(Recommended: Etiquette or Subterfuge)

Incitation / Show of Force

*©e Mind (Falcon, Resplendent Axe, Maul,
Phyloxai, Sword Guild, etc.)

(Recommended: Leadership or Intimidation)

When conflict occurs, cooler heads prevail. When
a discussion looks like it's about to lead to blows, the
Daedalean can set forth a well-reasoned argument to
circumvent a violent resolution. By a variant of the
same knack, soldiers learn how to taunt or intimidate
their foes, cowing them into submission or forcing
them to fight.

(Note: At the Storyteller's discretion, these Ef-
fects may not be used against player characters. If two
testosterone-laden fools want to have their heroes
fight to the death, a few Mind Effects won't stop them.
Send them outside for a time out.)

[System: Arete (difficulty 5). If the Storyteller
desires, a clever adversary should get a Willpower roll
to resist. If used on some clod or noncombatant, there
is no resistance roll; only three success are required.
Otherwise, if the Daedalean scores more successes
than his adversary, he can manipulate his target's
actions during the next turn. The Storyteller, as al-
ways, interprets the results: a trained mercenary may
lower his sword for a moment to hear what a priest has
to say, but he won't automatically leap off a bridge if a
Venatore gives hima dirty look. This is a reflexive and
temporary reaction, enough to give everyone a brief
pause for thought. Actually convincing someone of
something that's patently false requires the Mind 3
Effect: Ultimate Argument.}

Cry of Distress (Craftmason, Ksirafai; gestures)
eee Mind

: S
Members of the same secret society often have

subtle signs and signals to notify each other of a host
of dangers around them, both real and imagined. The
history of secret societies includes many legends of one
conspirator secretly alerting another of danger in a
crisis, even if the two have never met.

Initiates have a profound faith in the extensive
influence of the Order. Perhaps before a merchant is
attacked in a dark alleyway, a brother disguised nearby
may give a secret sign that danger is approaching. It's
possible that a resplendent may give a wayward trav-
eler a signal if the Infernalist of a local cult is
approaching. And as conspiratorial legends tell us, ifa
brother is in mortal danger, he may give the Cry of
Distress, asecret gesture alerting any Daedaleans nearby
that he needs immediate aid.

Brethren and initiates faithfully memorize these
covert signals, but in truth, they vary wildly from one
lodge to another. Oddly enough, scholarly crusaders
seem to have an intuitive grasp of nearly all of these
signals, even if they're given by someone they've never
met from a lodge from far away. Conspiracies are
cloaked in mystery, so no one questions the details of
such coincidences . . . though the masters of the Inner
Mysteries sagely nod when these stories are retold in
private.


STII

WS

THE ORDER
OF REASON ~

[System: Through gestures and intentions,
Daedaleans can convey basic information about dan-
ger and conspiratorial intent using Mind 3. No one
watching ever realizes the secrets furtively exchanged.
Sample gestures include the following:

— "lam an initiate" (or "I am a resplendent/an
adept/a master of my craft").

— "That man isa cultist/Infernalist/sorcerer/war-
lock."

— "There is an ambush nearby."

— "Spies are watching us."

— "They have weapons!"

— "It's a trap!"

— "Brothers! Aid me now!"

This Effect is a double-edged sword. A Cry of
Distress may bring forth allies from unexpected places,
or none at all. A patron may inform a cabal that
brethren will be hiding nearby to aid them, but there
is always that chance that such allies are waylaid or
delayed. And don't forget: the cabal may suddenly
"overhear" a cry of distress when it least expects it,
sometimes drawing it into unexpected intrigue (and
another story).

At the Storyteller's discretion, if the Cry is given
by someone of the same guild as one of the heroes
present, the difficulty goes down to 4. Daedaleans join
guilds specifically to gain the assistance of other spe-
cialists.]

Ultimate Argument

eee Mind

You're quick-witted and clever enough to talk
almost anyone into anything. If someone is willing to
stand and listen to you for a moment, you can con-
vince him, with all sincerity, of false motivations or
pernicious lies. While you've been schooled in reason
and logic, you've perverted such teachings, learning to
convince others of what you want them to believe
through incontrovertible and ultimate arguments.

[System: If a poor victim has no reason to suspect
you of duplicity, this is an extended roll. As long as
your listener does not want to resist your attempts to
fast-talk him, roll Arete (difficulty 6); you'll need a

number of successes equal to his temporary Willpower.
This also requires a bit of roleplaying. At various
points throughout the argument, the Storyteller may
allow you to make the next Arete roll and add your |
successes to your previous rolls. This is usually done
each time you make a very insightful, amusing or
convincing observation.

Most people aren't so easily duped. If the victim
wants to resist, this is a series of contested rolls be-
tween Arete (difficulty 6) and his permanent Willpower.
As long as the victim keeps arguing with you, the
Storyteller will continue to ask for rolls at dramatic
moments within the conversation. Of course, it is also
possible your mark will just walk away. Daedaleans
with at least Mind 1 may make a Perception + Subter-
fuge roll at the beginning of the argument to realize
you're a silver-tongued devil they shouldn't waste
their time on. At the Storyteller's discretion, you may
need to use the Olive Branch or Show of Force Effect
to stop someone long enough to listen to your Ulti-
mate Argument.]

Inquisitor (Gabrielite Falcon; interrogation, tor-
ture)

Prime

(Recommended: Investigation)

Dialectic (Scroll Guild, House of Books, cS

Pythagorai; dialogue, rhetoric)

* Prime

Each Convention has its own methods of proving
the presence of magic or those who use it. Extreme
danger calls for extreme methods. Gabrielite Falcons
have an almost supernatural talent for noticing the
presence of magic. This isn't strictly a Mind Effect; the
Inquisitor just has a talent for deducing who may
possess supernatural talent. Of course, this is some-
times little more than a hunch, an instinct or an
informed guess. It isn't logical proof, but in this age, it's
often enough to incriminate someone. Whether oth-
ers trust these insights is asimple matter of roleplaying.

For more scholarly sorts, the Dialectic Effect has a
very different appearance — that of a reasoned dia-


CHAPTER THREE: | RS———_——
DAEDALEAN SOAK ,
»); :

logue. The inquisitor does not threaten with physical
force, but engages in a conversation about philosophi-
cal principles. This is wonderful when a sensible,
reasonable fellow wants to chat about such things ina
salon or garden. If the inquisitor is not satisfied, he may
have to defer to someone with the Inquisitor Effect.

Common applications of the Inquisitor Effect
include these:

— Gaining insights into a prisoner's mindset or
philosophy through a subtle series of questions

— Forcing a confession after a lengthy session of
torture (this may be done simultaneously with Mind;
see the Tortures of the Damned Effect later in this
chapter).

— Seeing telltale auras or manifestations through
specially designed prisms or lenses

— Searching a prisoner for "witch marks" or other
remnants of the Scourge

[System: Using an Arete roll (difficulty 4) is the
quick-and-dirty method of the Inquisition Effect. It is
not without risk, however. Some Gabrielites believe a
prisoner may gain a sudden surge of strength and strike
back at his interrogator. In other words, on a botch,
the Scourge may lash out at the inquisitor; the results
are blamed on the prisoner, further proving his sorcer-
ous intent.

On the quick-and-dirty roll, one success confirms
or denies whether someone has magical or supernatu-
ral power. Three successes identify a particular
statement in aconfession or admission as an important
clue. At the Storyteller's discretion, five successes
force some kind of evidence that appears obvious, at
least to Daedaleans.

The same roll is used with the Dialectic Effect.
The Storyteller makes the roll secretly beforehand (to
color the resulting conversation) and may let slip one
or two remarks that may incriminate a sorcerer, hint at
a Gabrielite's staunch faith or disturb listeners with an
Infernalist's or Maraud's insane insights. When your
character is questioning other Daedaleans, the ideas
from the sidebar Hidden Insights: Quintessence from
the last chapter apply.

Enlightened Discourse

A Daedalean can try to discern how En-
lightened another hero is by discussing or
debating with him. This doesn't have to use
Arete; instead, it may involve Metaphysics (a
discussion of philosophy), Craft (inquiring about
trade secrets), Politics (measuring insight into
the Order's intrigues), Lore or Occult (trading
hints about supernatural activity) or any other
subject of inquiry the subject considers impor-
tant.

The inquisitor must know something about
the subject being discussed (that is, he must
have at least one dot in the Ability they're
talking about). If he doesn't, he'll just have to
use the quick-and-dirty method: watching how
this person acts or just asking directly what his
rank is. If, for some esoteric plot point, this
method isn't adequate, use the following sys-
tem.

First, the inquisitor engages in conversa-
tion, trying to steer the dialogue toward her
subject's areas of expertise (that is, his highest
Abilities). The subject usually won't resist this,
but if he does, the inquisitor uses Manipulation
+ Subterfuge to ferret out the information. If she
knows something about this Ability, she can
continue. The inquisitor then rolls Manipula-
tion + the appropriate Ability mentioned above.

If the inquisitor scores more successes than
her subject, she can estimate whether she's
talking to an initiate, mediator or resplendent.
With five successes, she even learns something
about the subject's training (such as the name of
a mentor, patron or lodge that helped with
instruction). If she scores fewer successes, she's
been outwitted in a clever conversation, which
comes to a close before she can evaluate her
companion. ("You baffle me, Sir. | am all at
sea.")


—

a

THE ORDER
OF REASON

More gradual methods, like lengthy interroga-
tion, require a series of contested rolls between the
inquisitor and his prisoner. The "slow and cautious"
method works like this: at the beginning of each day of
interrogation, the inquisitor steels himself with an
Arete roll. Each success lowers the difficulty of any
later rolls involving interrogation by | for the remain-
der of the day.

For each hour of interrogation that day, roll Ma-
nipulation + Subterfuge or Occult; the subject resists
with a straight roll against his temporary Willpower.
(In other words, the subject can burn Willpower for
one automatic success, but this will weaken him in the
long run, a dangerous tactic unless the sorcerer's cabal
is planning an imminent rescue.) Each time the in-
quisitor succeeds, he extracts the same sorts of insights
detailed above. Whatever the particulars, the infor-

Midnight Oil (Craftmason, Artificer; study, medi-
tation, candle, lamp)

Prime

Scholars and inventors alike are known for push-
ing themselves to the brink of exhaustion in the midst
of their studies, risking their health in the process.
Through forced and focused effort, the Daedalean
"burns herself out" in a marathon session of intellec-
tual effort.

[System: In game terms, the Daedalean is trading
Health Levels for Quintessence. Each success on an
Arete roll (difficulty 4) allows her to earn one Quin-
tessence at the cost of one (temporary) nonaggravated
wound. The player actually chooses how many Health
Levels are inflicted, up to the limit of the number of
successes on the roll. These are not actually physical
injuries, but manifest instead as fatigue and exhaus-
tion. These Health Levels cannot be cured with Life
Effects, but after a full day of rest, they heal up.]

Wrath of God (Gabrielite; prayer, fire, sword)
ee Prime

With religious fervor, a Gabrielite can smite his
sinful foes so severely that grievous wounds result.
Other Daedaleans use similar methods, but their pas-
sion often comes from their dedication to the Order
and reason itself, not the provenance of a higher
power.

[System: At the beginning of a combat scene, the
Enlightened one spends a full turn concentrating on
the weapon he employs. For the rest of the scene, each
time he uses that weapon against a supernatural crea-
ture, he may burn a point of Quintessence to change
his damage from nonaggravated to aggravated. By the
way, mages are supernatural creatures. At the
Storyteller's discretion, this may work only on mages
who have succumbed to sin, occult temptations or
infernal corruption.]

Vitality

© Prime (Artificer, Craftmason; forge, hammer,
anvil)

(Recommended: Craft)

A modest craftsman can forge a stronger blade,
reinforce a door or wall, or simply temper crude mate-
rial into a resilient and tough substance. A master
craftsman sees beyond the simple limitations of mere
matter, as though he is manipulating the essence of the
item itself. All romantic notions aside, an artisan with
this Effect can temper a physical item so well that it is
far more resilient to damage. This is not a matter of
manipulating Matter, but of something more rarefied
and elusive: the patterns that compose it.

[System: Arete (difficulty 5). After an hour of
crafting, each success adds the equivalent of another
Health Level to any physical item. When damaged,
the item can resist these extra levels of damage before
it shows signs of so much asa scratch. Optionally, this
may also reduce the base Strength needed to destroy
the item on the Feats of Strength table for supernatural
creatures. This concerns werewolves far more than
Daedaleans, but many fearful artisans bolster the doors
of their lodge just in case.]


CHAPTER THREE:
DAEDALEAN
EFFECTS

Drain Tass
eee Prime
Only the Inner Labyrinth typically has access toa

lodge's tass. Each one gathers Quintessence in its own

unique way. A High Guild lodge may accumulate a few
extra coins each day in its coffers; a Cosian's laboratory

may have a hidden pool where leeches are raised; a
Gabrielite's preceptory may feature a marble statue
that weeps tears of blood. No matter what form this
tass takes, only the Inner Labyrinth is aware of what it
actually is — Quintessence in physical form.

Nonetheless, any lodge can benefit from one or
two Daedaleans from the Outer Labyrinth who can
help gather this Quintessential energy. In the previous
set of examples, the High Guild lodge may need an
accountant to keep records and count its profits; the
Cosians would be willing to leave the dangerous task
of capturing the leeches to a cautious resplendent; a
fervent Gabrielite may choose to pray before his lodge's
icon each day and meditate on the insights he gains.

The appointed resplendent may then pass on this
Quintessence to another Daedalean. To the players,
this is represented by a symbolic activity performed by
the characters (handing out wages from the High
Guilds coffers, feeding a Seeker's beasts of burden,
handing vials of leeches to Cosians, participating in
Gregorian chants with other Gabrielites or what have
you). We (as the players) keep track of the math; the
characters remain oblivious to what is really going on

. until they advance into the Inner Labyrinth and

understand.

[System: Each success can draw one Quintessence
from a cray; this isn't limited by the Daedalean's
Daemon rating. It takes about an hour of effort.]

Maintain Device (Artificer; forge, hammer and
anvil, clockwork tools, etc.)

eee Prime

(Recommended: Crafts)

Delicate and experimental inventions break down.
Ifa hero has such a device (purchased with the Devices
Background), he'll need to either maintain it himself
or hire a master craftsman who can do it for him.


THE ORDER
OF REASON

[System: As chapter 5 details, Devices burn Quin-
tessence when they're used. This "supply" of
Quintessence is refueled in the downtime between
stories (if the hero doesn't have this Effect) or during
a story (if he does have it). This takes a full day,
represented by the craftsman straightening,
recalibrating, fine-tuning or otherwise adjusting the
Device. At the end of this process, he rolls Arete
(difficulty 6), regaining one Quintessence per success.
Don't think of the Device using the Quintessence as
"fuel"; it's more a matter of the machine wearing
down.

Using the optional Devices rules in chapter 5, if
the hero botched an activation roll using the contrap-
tion, it's broken. (It may still have Quintessence, but
it doesn't work properly.) Fixing it requires Prime 4.]

See No Evil (Gabrielite; lenses, smoke, prayer)

© Spirit

(Recommended: Occult)

Seek and you shall find. Once an initiate learns of
the presence of the occult, he may be paranoid enough
to see evidence of its presence everywhere. From the
momenta Daedalean first confronts his inner daemon,
he is aware of far more forces at work in the world than
he knew of before, including shadowy and supernatu-
ral ones. Some scholars, crusaders and students of the
occult believe they understand tried-and-true meth-
ods of proving that supernatural creatures exist. Oddly
enough, if ordinary folk try these same methods, they
utterly fail to work.

This Effect is not used to detect magic or sorcerers
(use Prime instead), but it may be helpful in revealing
ghosts, faeries, werewolves and other skulking, cower-
ing beasties. It may or may not help in tracking bygone
creatures like giants, manticores, dragons and the like,
although a cruel Storyteller will not reveal whether
such things exist until a cabal can actually find one.

Typical methods of hunting supernatural crea-
tures include the following:

— Adapting superstitious legends concerning
graveyards, crossroads and the like

— Wafting smoke from a carefully composed
chemical compound to reveal the presence of the
unseen

— Polishing lenses and spectacles that refract
exotic spectra of light into a form the human eye can
see

— Recognizing the unusual tracks or spoor of a
bygone beastie

[System: When you hunt the supernatural, you
sometimes uncover things you'd rather not encounter.
An Arete roll (difficulty 4) may scare up something
the scholar cannot explain, like a Scourgeling or other
spirit. This usually requires three successes. It requires
only one if the character also has Occult 4 and a
specialty for the type of creature he's hunting. Broadly
defined specialties (like monsters or evil) don't apply.

A hero with this Effect may instead choose to
employ Perception + Awareness or Occult, but this
becomes an extended roll against a number of suc-
cesses set by the Storyteller. For ghosts and other
spirits, this may be the ephemera's Pathos, Angst,
Power or Essence. At the Storyteller's discretion, the
Effect may also be used against a faerie's Glamour, a
werewolf's Gnosis or a bygone's Quintessence.]

Contemplation (Celestial Master; astrolabe, tele-
scope, spectacles)

ee Spirit

As above, so below. Celestial Masters and other
students of the heavens gaze longingly into the night
sky, often witnessing phenomena they may not readily
understand. A few systematize and organize such data,
sometimes contrasting them with current astrological
theories. Others just find the sight of the heavenly
firmament so overwhelming that they lose themselves
in reverie or meditation. Regardless of the methods
used, a Daedalean may gain insights into current
events by peering into the heavens. Used in conjunc-
tion with Time 2, it may give revelations about the
past or future as well.


CHAPTER THREE:
DAEDALEAN
EFFECTS

[System: Contemplation is largely a Storyteller-
driven mechanic. A Celestial Master (or a Daedalean
with a very similar education) may use this Effect only
once per story. The Storyteller rolls, then gives any-
thing from a vague hint about something marginally
important to the character (one success) to a meta-
phorical insight of current events (three successes) or
a revelation into the nature of something the charac-
ter is currently investigating (five successes).

If this sounds vague, it's intentionally so. One
Storyteller might describe events in terms of astrologi-
cal signs, while another may draw parallels using the
Greek and Roman figures they're based on. A third
simply treats this as a helpful "idea roll." This roll will
never intentionally circumvent the story or solve a
major mystery, but it will give the Celestial Master a
slight edge in the story .. . and a reason to spend each
night gazing at the stars.]

Hellfire (Gabrielite; fire)

ee Spirit

This works much like the Prime Effect: Wrath of
God, but is used against spirits and ghosts instead of
sorcerers. Gabrielites use it more than other Daedaleans
do. One may light candles and pray; another carries a
torch into a haunted castle and waves it at the spectral
visage before him; a third simply mumbles a quick
prayer over the chamber of a Craftmason pistol as a
companion struggles with the crank in its side. No
matter what the "special effect" may be, this allows a
Daedalean with Spirit 2 to have an unusual and
possibly unexplained talent for driving the restless
dead back across the Veil from whence they came.

(System: Same as the Prime Effect: Wrath of God,
but usable against ghosts and spirits. Atthe Storyteller's
discretion, the Daedalean may need to actually "strike"
at the spirit's corporeal form (or the physical place
corresponding to its position in the Shadowlands) to
actually harm it. This usually requires Dexterity +
Brawl, Melee, Archery, Firearms or Occult.]

<-

Reverie (no specialty)

eee Spirit

It is rumored that there are places in the world
where the veil separating the physical world from the
mystical world is perilously thin. In these dangerous
places, astudent of Spirit may be tempted to commune
with unholy forces. Faerie rings, werewolf dens and
haunted glens all hold such dangers to the student of
spirit. At this level of Enlightenment, the scholar may
receive a temptation to "cross over" into this other
world. If his will is not strong, he will vanish from this
world, trapped in a place where he is at the mercy of
the supernatural in its primal element.

[System: Daedaleans cannot achieve Spirit 4 un-
less they can overcome the temptations of the spirit
world. This is, of course, one reason why masters of
Spirit are so rare. Ifa hero with Spirit 3 or higher passes f¥
through an area where the Gauntlet is below 5, the
Storyteller may ask the player to roll Arete versus the
local Gauntlet. On a failed roll, the character fades
away into the Umbra, shallows into a faerie realm or is
suddenly overwhelmed by the presence of the dead
(withoutactually crossing over into the Shadowlands).
This is vain, and the character immediately gains a
point of Scourge. However, if the resplendent can
escape his dilemma— possibly with the aid of his cabal
— he may later learn Inner Mysteries of Spirit. Such
methods of escape are entirely the province of the
Storyteller.]

Perfect Timing

© Time (Celestial Master; timepiece, astronomy)

The first rank of the Time Sphere is useful for
much more than just being able to tell the time of day.
For example, a Daedalean with this gift is able to
coordinate his activities precisely with the other mem-
bers of his cabal, intuitively choose just the right
moment to show up, fire his bow into the air mere
seconds before a fight actually begins, and even burst
into the sanctum of an Infernalist right before a black
dagger is about to plunge into a virgin's heart. It's
amusing that many master craftsmen who labor end-


THE ORDER
OF REASON

ForWhom the Bell Tolls

During the Renaissance, small towns
would often heavily tax their citizens to fund
the construction of a town clock, a sign of
prestige and progress. As chimes and bells
marked the hours in the marketplaces of these
cities, belief in the absolute, quantifiable na-
ture of reality was reinforced. This has a subtle
and insidious effect in the Dark Fantastic
world: any town where the tolling of hours can
be heard will gradually slip away from the
fanciful nature of the spirit world. You may
increase the level of the Gauntlet in the area
by 1.

mechanism just happen to have this affinity. Perhaps
they just become obsessed with being on time.

[System: The Storyteller may call for an Arete roll
(difficulty 4) if a Daedalean with Time has one last-
ditch chance to intervene when the "clock is ticking."
Such efforts typically require five successes, but with a
little Quintessence and Willpower, such a feat is still
possible. Players of "well-tempered" characters, on the
other hand, may request a chance to invoke minor
versions of this same effect at any time, but no more
than once a scene.

— One or two successes yield a convenient acci-
dent with minor inconveniences (You show up just as
the Honorus is leaving the bar, but you bump into him
and spill wine all over him.)

— Three successes create a happy coincidence.
("Where's the damned wine steward?" "Excuse me,
Honorus, but I believe this vintage may be more to
your liking.")

— Five successes have unexpected and fantastic
results. ("You! Initiate! Take this bottle of wine to
Honorus Trevaine! He's expecting you!")

Of course, the Storyteller should never allow such
a roll to circumvent a story; instead, some other

fantastic accident yields an instant subplot. ("I'm
sorry, Honorus Trevaine just left. Say, have you tried
this new wine he was drinking? It just arrived from the
Palazzo Thearinni. I hear they've had a problem with

wat)

Celestial Prediction

ee Time (Celestial Master; astrological charts,
planetary orrery, telescope)

To some modern sensibilities, prediction through
astrology may seem more like mysticism than science,
but the Celestial Masters have attempted to develop it
intoarational art. This Effect is mastered by the House
of Selene, the "Cassandras" of that Convention. Oddly g
enough, some rather romantic types of the other guilds
have been known to learn bits and pieces of their craft,
enough to attempt simple predictions of their own.

[System: This works much like the Spirit 2 Effect:
Contemplation, but it is specifically used to discern
hints of the past or present. The results are always
vague, giving a brief vision (usually through a meta-
phor) for a past or future event that may be important
to the observer. If used in combination with Spirit 2,
the level of detail isn't more precise, but it is certainly
more poetic.

The Scented Handkerchief

ee Time (Craftmason, Gabrielite; magnifying
glass, spectacles)

(Recommended: Investigation)

"God's wounds! What happened here? I do believe the
lady left her handkerchief behind . . . and it appears to have
amonogram. ..."

Traditional mages use magic to peer into the past
when investigating mysteries. Daedaleans, on the other
hand, use powers of deduction beyond those of a
Cadfael or William of Baskerville, piecing together a
seemingly random assortment of clues to figure out
events in the recent past. The Storyteller describes the
investigator examining items in sequence, then hints
at details of what transpired there. The player must
deduce the rest. (As a general rule, this sort of roll
might give hints on how to solve a mystery, but
shouldn't actually solve the dilemma.)


— CHAPTER THREE: Sa
= ;

For tales set in the Renaissance, this technique
may seem a bit anachronistic, since detective fiction
won't exist for a few centuries, but the common
populace expects a scholar or scientist to traffic in
things they themselves don't understand.

[System: This system is very similar to the one for
Cloak of Shadows. The character first attempts an
initial Perception + Investigation roll (or some suit-
able variant). With three successes, no Arete roll is
necessary; he's found a clue to help him deduce what
happened recently in the area. If he gets only one or
two successes, the Daedalean follows up with an Arete
roll (difficulty 5). Reduce the difficulty by 1 for each
success on the initial Investigation roll.

If the initial roll was botched, a successful Arete
roll allows him to accidentally find a clue no one in his
right mind (including, sometimes, the Storyteller)
would ever suspect was at the scene. If both rolls are
botched, then the character infers some wildly im-
probably sequence of events that couldn'thave possibly
occurred. ("Clearly, this is the work of goblins. . . .")]

Strategy (Sword Guild, Phyloxai, Maul, Resplen-
dent Axe; sword, axe, etc.)

ee Time

(Recommended: Brawl or Melee 3 for combat; Ath-
letics 3 outside combat)

The hero can deduce an opponent's move before
he makes it, anticipating tactics based on experience.
Soldiers may do this in a skirmish or brawl; athletes
may do it when competing. Like a seasoned chess
master, the intelligent warrior devises a clever strategy
in a game by thinking a few moves ahead.

[System: Arete (difficulty 5). Contrary to a "com-
bat monster's" best instincts, the character must stop
for one turn in the middle of a fight and think. The
difficulty on his next attack is reduced by 1 point for
each success on the initial Arete roll. As usual, this has
a maximum modifier of -3 and the difficulty can't be
reduced below 4. Alternatively, the Storyteller might
say outright what the opponent was about to do! This
feat of brilliance can be attempted only once a scene.
Players may think of similar applications for situations
like hunting, sport, brawling or even chess.]

Storyteller Hints:
Cnexpected Arete Rolls

Often players will track down Effects they
think their characters may want to use, waiting
carefully for the time when they can ask for an
Arete roll. In very cryptic or unusual stories,
however, the Storyteller may call for a roll out
of the blue when the time is right. ("Johann!
Roll Arete! Difficulty . . . 5!") The character
might have a flash of inspiration, notice a
hidden clue no ordinary person would ever
notice or just reflexively use a gift or talent he
doesn't suspect he possesses. Done cautiously,
this can create the mood that strange forces the
Daedalean doesn't fully understand are at work.
Be careful, though; if this technique is used too
often, the player may feel powerless, as though
the Storyteller is playing his character more
than he is. Thus, you may want to offer this as
an option rather than an imperative.

A Storyteller can plan many of these mo-
ments well in advance as story elements: does
the cabalist notice a strange coconspirator's cry
of distress before he's abducted? When walking
into the estate of a High Guild merchant, does
the scholarly Craftmason notice the message
hidden in the arrangement of roses in the
garden outside? For spur-of-the moment ef-
fects, taking a brief "cheat sheet" of everyone's
Spheres at the beginning of the chronicle can
make sudden revelations and flashes of inspira-
tion easier to convey.

Symphony of Steel (High Guild, Artificer Maul;
fencing weapon)

eee Time

(Recommended: Melee)

Watching a truly skilled fencer requires a trained
eye and some knowledge of the art. Once a duel
begins, the interchange of parries, ripostes and counter-
ripostes can occur with dazzling speed.

=

p——_ >


THE ORDER
OF REASON

[System: During the Declaration Phase of a round
of combat, the Daedalean may attempt an Arete roll
(difficulty 6) to improvise a brilliant and elaborate
series of feints, lunges and parry-ripostes with his
rapier that baffles all but the most insightful observers.
Each success allows one extra action with a fencing
weapon that round. To keep this casual, this Effect
may be attempted once per scene — even the best
athlete would be winded by such a flurry of blows.

\ Storytellers should remember the usual rule for

\\\ such circumstances: the character may not take his
\\ second action until everyone else has had a first
} action. There's a limit to the number of actions the

OQ) fencercanachieve— his Dexterity or his Wits (which-

a ever is lower).

Conjunctional Effects

Squaring the Circle (Craftmason; lodge, books,
physical labor)

¢¢ Connection ¢ Mind

It is rumored that sorcerers have ways of scrying
inside castles, snatching bits of conversation from far
away or even haunting one's dreams. Craftmasons
who are fearful of succumbing to such insidious meth-
ods faithfully devote themselves to their duties,
knowing that by working hard and remaining vigilant,
they may discourage the lapse of attention or lax
attitude that allows the sorcerer to ply his trade.

The casual part of this Effect involves drudgery,
rapt study or simple hard work. A cabal of Daedaleans


CHAPTER THREE:
DAEDALEAN
3 EFFECTS

—

»: vai

may even work communally on this Effect — every
little bit helps. Because everyone is vigilant and atten-
tive, enemies won't have an opportunity to get the
better of them. Practitioners of the Outer Mysteries
don't suspect that their collective belief that spies
cannot outwit the vigilant actually makes it harder for
sorcerers to spy on them!

[System: Everyone involved in Squaring the Circle
must have influence over both Mind and Connection
(ie., at least one dot in each Sphere). The players
decide how many rolls they want to attempt. All roll
Arete (difficulty 5) and add their successes together.
For every hour of work their characters pursue, they
can make another roll and add those successes, but at
the risk of bringing the whole Effect crashing down
with a botch.

Anyone attempting to use magic to outwit these
vigilant scholars must score more successes to scry into
their activities. Sometimes a spy may notice the whirl-
wind of activity going on but will not be able to discern
which person is actually doing something worthy of
note. There is a maximum to the number of successes
scored this way: the total dots of Intelligence of every-
one involved in the communal Effect.]

Craft Tome (Patron's Guild, Scroll Guild, House
of Books, Ksirafai; books, paintings, plays, gardening,
fashion, architecture, etc.)

eee Fortune * Mind

What would Renaissance intrigue and conspiracy
be without hidden messages? Within the Craftmasons'
Scroll Guild, scholars labor endlessly over carefully
composed treatises, sometimes because they have hid-
den messages inside only the Enlightened would notice.
A simple cypher requires the Cypher Wheel Effect
(Mind 1 or Fortune 1, depending on circumstance).
Messages hidden throughout an entire novel are far
more elaborate. Sometimes they involve metaphors
and allusions only a student of the occult or metaphys-
ics may recognize.

Conspiratorial history includes similar stories of
allegories hidden within paintings, the placement of
plants in a hedge maze or garden, the placement or
number of bricks hidden in the wall or the location of
buildings throughout an entire neighborhood. Such
leaps of logic may seem ludicrous to the average
person, but to the Enlightened, they are all too com-
mon.

[System: For each day spent working on such a
masterpiece, the conspirator has a chance to make an
Arete (difficulty 6) roll. The player portraying him
does not have to make this roll every day. If he doesn't
want to risk the Scourge, he may just wait until the
work is completed. The Storyteller makes note of the
highest roll attained. The number of successes defines
how much detail is hidden within the work. The
reader (or viewer) then makes her Arete roll as well
when first confronted with the work. Her Spheres

the subtle hints merely because she's Enlightened. As
long as she gets one success, she sees the answer.

As an example, suppose the author of a play
wanted to tip off a few of its readers about a bit of
intrigue. One success may simply hint that the con-
spirator belongs to the Order; two define his guild and
hintat his patron; three may satirically comment that
his patron is plotting against a particular rival; four
may suggest a time and place where resplendents in the
audience may go to offer their assistance; five may
allow the message to be so incredibly subtle that only
one guest, especially invited toa single performance of
the work, will understand it.

A more common application involves hiding a
written message inside a seemingly innocuous docu-
ment. One success would hide a name; two would hide
asingle sentence; three would detail a plot the recipi-
ent is intended to join; four could illustrate a struggle
between several people the reader must help solve;
with five successes, the amount of detail is about
equivalent to a full paragraph. Note that this isn't a
simple cypher. Instead, it's a matter of allusion and
implication. Of course, this can be botched horribly.


THE ORDER
OF REASON

("This isn't a secret revelation of Templar history. It's
a laundry list!")

As a side note, some conspiracy theorists believe
that secret societies do this sort of thing all the time,
often to brag to a few astute individuals (ie., im-
mensely clever conspiracy theorists) of the elaborate
schemes they've managed to pull off without anyone
noticing it. ("Don't you see? The Chemical Wedding
reveals that the Rosicrucions were actually estab-
lished by the Templars in 1492! Just in time to reveal
the location of Mu to Christopher Columbus! He
didn't intended to find a route to India, after all... .")]

Subtle Persuasion (Scroll Guild, Cosian House of
Books, Seeker Order of the Grail; books, printing
press, poison pen, barbed quill)

ee Mind ¢¢ Prime

Through this Effect, insidious logic is deftly wo-
ven into a treatise or tome, one so subtle that it has a
gradual effect on those who read it. The strong-willed
resist, but those who are easily persuaded succumb to
false logic; invective, deft allegory or prose that's just
dead brilliant.

[System: This works like the much more elaborate
Craft Tome Effect but is focused on evoking a specific
emotion. The choice of words is so well crafted that
anyone, even someone who is not Enlightened, will be
lured into that emotion if he is not careful. The author
* spends as much time as he would normally need to
write the work. When it's completed, he's got one shot
at an Arete roll (difficulty 5). Anyone reading the
work makes a Willpower roll to resist its effects; the
reader must score more successes than the original
author to resist feeling that emotion. On a botch, he
acts on this impulse.

To prevent abuse, please note that this is a subtle
emotional response — it won't force crippling gales of
laughter, drive someone into a murderous rage or
permanently change someone's system of belief. It's
also a fleeting reaction, no more than one would
expect from an exceptionally well-written work of

prose. In story terms, on the other hand, a tract
distributed through a village could convince a number
of citizens to dislike a particular person, fear the
possible presence of a witch or applaud a scholar or
inventor for the innovation he has so generously
introduced to the local populace.]

Initiation (Craftmason, High Guild; ceremony,
play, treatise, tome)

eee Mind ¢¢ Prime

There's a reason why brethren are so tirelessly
loyal. Every brother and sister must undergo some sort
of initiation, and the traditions involved are always ¢
carefully chosen. If the rites are done carefully, the
participants are conditioned to feel or think a particu-
lar way. There's also a very good reason why the
Craftmasons' brethren are among the most fanatic of
all the Convention's assistants. Their initiations are
purposefully the most elaborate, often containing cryp-
to the Order's history, usually for the
stilling loyalty in recruits.

[System: A simple initiation can be invoked with
an Arete roll (difficulty 6) from the Daedalean con-
ducting the ceremony. If he attains a number of
successes equal to the subject's temporary Willpower,
he can impart one idea (about a sentence long — one
noun, one verb) or one emotional reaction to those
conducting the ceremony. It is assumed that the par-
ticipants are willing, so this roll is not resisted. The
effects last for about a day. If the initiation is long
enough, the Daedalean may make multiple rolls, using
the rules for extended willworking.

More elaborate Craftmason initiations have been
known to take hours. Accordingly, the results may last
longer. For each success past the subject's permanent
Willpower, stack successes on the Duration Chart. For
groups of brethren, add up the number of brothers and
sisters present and add the permanent Willpower of
the most strong-willed person present; this is the
number of successes necessary.


DAEDALEAN
EFFECTS

CHAPTER THREE: | Page oem

The longest possible duration of this conditioning
is one month; not surprisingly, some brotherhoods
hold formal ceremonies each month specifically to
properly "motivate" their members. This Effect can-
not, however, bring about a permanent change in the
brethren's thinking. That would require Mind 5, and
the process is elaborate enough to be saved for more .
. . resistant subjects.]

Lip Reading

eee Mind ¢¢ Fortune

(Recommended: Subterfuge or Perception 4, special-
izing in Lip Reading)

While Lip Reading may seem like a rather exotic
technique to learn during the Renaissance, it suits the
Ksirafai just fine. Anywhere a well-trained spy can see
his quarry's lips, he may be able to decipher a few words
and phrases. This takes a fair bit of luck, especially if
the skulker shows up just at the right moment to
overhear a key conversation. Solitary schemers have
been known to give away their plans by muttering or
talking to themselves when no one else is around.
(Here's a hint for swashbuckling heroes: this often
happens next to the portrait or statue of a rival,
patriarch or ancestor. Stupid, stupid villain!)
[System: Arete (difficulty 6); at least three suc-
cesses are required. What normally might take hours
of surveillance and a bit of luck to pull off is much
simpler for a skilled Ksirafai. Of course, there is a
chance this technique will not work at all. The Story-
teller makes the roll for this Effect in secret. If there's
no conceivable way of overhearing a choice conversa-
tion, or if the spies' efforts would circumvent the story
completely, the attempt fails. Incidentally, Time 2
might help aspy show up at exactly the right moment.]

Loving Cup (High Guild; wine, candles, poison)

eee Life ¢* Mind

Have another drink, won't you? This social Effect
involves sharing a cup of fine wine or spirits with an
associate or a rival. After the first glass, the guest is

—F-

lured into having just one more . . . and another. . .
perhaps a taste of this one as well? In states of intoxi-
cation, different people go through a variety of
emotional states: romantic ardor, sorrow and weeping
and trusting confidence are perhaps the most com-
mon. The diplomatic Daedalean cannot only lure his
guest into a heady amount of drinking, but steer the
conversation to elicit the desired emotion in his sub-
ject. Before long, his drinking buddy won't realize how
much he's consumed . . . or revealed.

[System: Like the Ultimate Argument Effect, Lov-
ing Cup works differently on a willing and unsuspecting
subject than it does on a cautious one. Teetotalers are
immune — anyone who abstains completely from
alcohol won't take that all-important first sip. Guests
with influence over Mind may be allowed a Perception
+ Subterfuge or unexpected Arete roll to realize some-
thing suspicious is going on. 7

Ifthe victim. . . er, guest, is perfectly willing to join
ina bout of drinking, roll Arete (difficulty 6) for each
cup consumed. Once the number of successes exceeds
the guest's temporary Willpower, the desired emotion
is achieved. A suspicious or wary guest may resist the
Arete roll with his own permanent Willpower roll.
Again, this contest is enacted with each cup drained
(how often this occurs is left to the discretion of the
Storyteller). As long as the guest scores more successes
than his host, he maintains his cautious pose and
perhaps should refuse that extra glass lovingly offered.]

Cram

eee Time ¢ Mind (Craftmason Scroll Guild,
Cosian House of Books; tomes, candles)

Why enlist the aid of a scholar in a cabal? The
answer is simple: with access to the proper library, a
scholar can become a veritable expert on any given
subject much faster than his more martial compan-
ions. With a few hours of study, the scholar can skim
through and cram vast amounts of knowledge, prepar-
ing to declaim at length when presented with mysteries


THE ORDER
OF REASON = :

¥ : A

during an investigation. Of course, like a student
pulling an all-nighter for an exam, she later may forget
many of the salient details over time, but when a cabal
is about to set forth on an adventure, it's best give her
such a chance to prepare.

[System: First, the scholar must find a suitable
library dealing with the desired subject. Next, she
must roll Arete (difficulty 6) to reflect her achieve-
ment after a late-night session of studying. (Thus, this
Effect often requires downtime instead of a single
scene.) At the Storyteller's option, a character with
the Library Background may make a roll against that
trait as well; each success reduces the difficulty of the
Arete roll by 1, to a maximum modifier of -3 or
minimum difficulty of 4.

For each success on the Arete roll, the scholar may
add one temporary Ability dot to one Knowledge Trait
relating to the subject of study. This doesn't confer
actual in-depth understanding of the subject. Because
the scholar will probably recite a tangled mishmash of
information, the extra dots can be used only to recall
specific facts, not to solve problems or make leaps of
logic. In addition, this new Knowledge cannot be used
to reduce the difficulty of an Arete roll, and the new
level of the Knowledge Trait can't go above 5. After
one full day, the extra dots disappear and the knowl-
edge is gone.]


CHAPTER THREE:
DAEDALEAN

EFFECTS eee

ay,

Inventing Effects

When presenting ideas for Arete Effects to a Storyteller, ask yourself whether the feat can be done
with a mundane Dice Pool instead. If it can, then there's got to be a reason why you would risk the
Scourge to make this roll. The Arete roll should at least lower the difficulty, increase the number of
dice in the pool, reduce the number of successes required or decrease the amount of time necessary.
(See Mundane or Enlightened in chapter 2 for more details.) This chapter has plenty of examples.
After a while, you won't need to document all these Effects; with practice, the Storyteller can call for
the requisite die rolls as the story guides her. If a Storyteller does this routinely, set aside time at the
end of the session (or the beginning of the next one) to review the submissions.



CHAPTER FOUR:
THE INNER
LABYRINTH

They performed physical alchemy in the laboratorio
below, and spiritual alchemy in the oratorio above... . a
visitor, if granted a few moments of silence, can easily
imagine the piety and reverence with which they ap-
proached both dimensions of their task. This was a time
when science and spirituality were still intertwined, and the

world of nature was a wisdom-filled book to be read by the

é
RK

A> Y=
=

philosopher.

Enlightenment Revisited

y lady," the maid whispered, making her
presence known. She stood at the door,
peering into the practically night-black
room. Only a razor-thin line of sun
escaped through the heavy curtains and
struggled across the floor to reach the arc
of light spilling forth from the open doorway. Her mistress
had said she was entertaining guests, but the front door had
remained closed and quiet all morning.

"Itis delivered, then?" Signora Fabrizi's melodic voice
emanated from the darkness.

"Yes, my lady. I placed it into her hands myself, as you
instructed." The girl strained to see into the shadows but
could make out only rough shapes of figures seated around

—Ralph White, introduction to The Rosicrucian

the room, sprinkled with the dull glint of gems or pearls
sewn into clothing.

"And the one to Senator Caspetti?"

"Tt was delivered to his home last night."

"Excellent. You may go." y

"Yes, my lady." The maid bowed in respect and closed
the door, casting the room into darkness once more.

"So," Angela began, "I have your assurances that G)
these devices will perform up to my expectations? I need not \ oS,
remind you that this arrangement has been both dangerous
and costly. I should like to get my money's worth."

From across the room, a voice like sandpaper rasped in
reply. "Notapenny .. .notamorsel . . .notone drop shall
go to waste, you have our word."


THE ORDER
OF REASON

Another voice, a girl's, asked, "Perhaps Signora would
like to see a practical demonstration?"

"Proceed."

There was motion in the shadows and sounds of
purposeful activity, the gentle grating of stone against
metal. Soon, a faint red light distinguished the jagged
outline of a flat slab of ghost-white stone at the center of the
room.

"If Signora would speak the words . . ."

Angela intoned the ancient sounds she had memo-
rized, and within moments the light grew in intensity,
creeping across the face of the stone like a specter of blood.
Faintly at first, but then with greater clarity, shapes and
figures began to appear, until finally Angela could see
Bianca Lessi seated at her window, lost in thought.

"Show me Caspetti," she ordered. Another slab of
stone was brought forth, another incantation spoken, and
3 within moments Angela was looking at the senator at his
desk writing a letter. At one point, he looked up from his
writing and tured his head to gaze out of his window. It
was as if he were looking across the darkness into Bianca's
eyes.

The sandpaper voice spoke again: "Is it to your liking,
Signora?"

"It will do for now," she replied. "If there is nothing
else, this concludes our business this afternoon. I assume
you know the way out." There was no reply save for a faint
hissing. A latch clicked somewhere in the room and there
was the sound of rustling silk and velvet, followed by rapid
footfalls and another soft click. After a moment, Angela
turned to look at the man seated beside her.

"Well, Alessandro? What do you think?"

"I do not understand it," he replied. His voice
trembled, though he tried hard to conceal his anxiety. "In
truth, I think itis . . . unholy. Who were those people?
That voice . . . How can this be?"

"Do not worry yourself about the particulars, my
\ love," she purred, patting his hand. "This is simply a
I|\ means to a greater end. Sorcerous dealings such as these
leave a foul taste in my mouth as well, but if I am to help
you, they are unfortunately quite necessary. Now, let us
see what the good senator and your pretty little wife are up
to today."

Byzantine
Conspiracy

While the Order of Reason has many noble goals,
corruption has begun to spread through its heart.
Enlightened heroes struggle to liberate mankind from
darkness and ignorance, but some of their masters
have become blind to such visions. Deep within the
labyrinth, intrigue sets adepts and masters of the Order
against each other. Although most of the Inner Laby-
rinth works for the good of their society as a whole and
mankind, they must spend time seeking out heresy,
unorthodoxy, sorcery and even infernalism in their
own midst. The Inner Mysteries grant power, but such
power always comes with temptation.

By the end of the fifteenth century, the Order faces
two possible futures. If the Outer Labyrinth can over-
throw adepts who exploit the Order for personal gain,
their secret society can bring a new dawn to the world. If
these heroes fail, then cabals of elite secret masters may
darken the Order's bright ideals, reshaping the future in
their own image. In the centuries that follow, the Order
of Reason may liberate mankind . . . or enslave it. The
outcome is uncertain and, in true heroic fashion, may
depend on an Enlightened few. The next century may
give birth to a new age, or it may create a world of

darkness.

Ambitious heroes believe they can change their

secret society by rising to positions of power and cY#h4

influence, reforming the Inner Labyrinth from within.
Unfortunately, it takes more than an adept's Enlight-
enment to gain power and influence. Adepts oversee
many of the Order's most powerful lodges, facades and
guildhalls, but there are far more adepts than there are
secret sites to protect. As a result, adepts often con-
spire against each other in bitter rivalries. Not everyone
shares the same vision and philosophy; a cabal may be
recruited as spies against a patron's rivals.

Many of these rivalries result from debates over
the potential the Order possesses. If this secret society
has the power to change the future, then adepts and
masters should discuss what that future should be.


——— : 4! LABYRINTH : —

Before your heroes can advance to the Inner Laby-
tinth, they must understand the issues at stake. To
succeed, they find a patron whose ideals are worthy of
their support, study the Enlightened arts long enough
to prove mastery and eventually overthrow rivals who
disagree with their vision of the future. Only then can
they find their way to the heart of the labyrinth, and
only then are they worthy of the Inner Mysteries
contained within.

Let us light the way. Be cautious as you advance.

Dilemmas

In any large organization, rapid growth spurs con-
troversy. Daedaleans have an overpowering enthusiasm
for revolution and reform. If the various factions can
set aside their differences and unite, they might suc-
ceed. However, debates are common over the Order's
purpose. From humble brethren laboring in the hid-
den places of a lodge or guildhall to the powerful
Maximi sequestered in chambers, each man and woman
has an opinion of what must be done. Ultimately, the
Inner Labyrinth must decide the future of the Order,
weighing, considering and debating these issues heavily.

Should we attempt to spread our influence farther
outside Europe?

The Order of Reason has a limited number of
lodges and guilds outside Europe. For instance, the
Artificers supported forges in Arabia and maintained
trade routes into Cathay for centuries. Seekers have
set up outposts throughout Africa and South America.
By the end of the century, adepts fervently debate
what must be done with the "New World." In most
cases, lodges outside Europe have met with limited
success. Some contend that the Order must eventually
expand farther outside of Europe. Others point to past
failures and condemn such folly.

Most adepts discussing this issue side with their
respective Conventions. The Explorators have the
strongest opinions. They've taken it upon themselves
to compile maps of the entire circumference of the
planet. Yet in their travels, they've come to blows with
some of the very cultures they try to study, from the

these skirmishes occurs, the secret masters are less
willing to finance another costly expedition.

Since the Gathering of the Square in 997, two
Conventions have fought hammer and tongs over this
topic. The High Guild is keenly aware that the Order
has a limit to its funds and resources, and its interests \
in Europe must be secured further before the Order can
expand. The Craftmasons, on the other hand, accuse
the Guilders of hypocrisy. It's well known they finance
expeditions to other parts of the globe . . . as long as
they turn a profit.

The Cabal of Pure Thought does not see the
reason for this debate. It is clear that its goal of "One
World, One God, One Church" commands it to
spread its influence far and wide. The battle against
infernalism is a war for human souls, and the fate of

insist on "conversion by the sword" in distant lands.
The Doves and the League of St. Paul favor more
peaceable methods. Either way, without exploration
and diplomacy, more souls will be lost.

As for Artificers, Ksirafai and Cosians, they are
content to let other factions debate the issue. In the
midst of confusion, they have begun quietly and effec-
tively recruiting initiates from outside Europe. Wise
adepts further their careers by silently supporting
merchant caravans, expeditions and the exchange of
knowledge with other cultures. Most lodges and fa-
cades in other countries are supported by ambitious
adepts. They stand to gain a great deal when they
succeed; they may destroy their reputations forever if
they fail.

Should we try to muster further influence over
common politics?

The Craftmasons and High Guild scream the
loudest over the issue of common politics. Some ad-
epts and masters command such great wealth that they
seem to place their own advancement over the ideals
of the Order. Manipulating politics is essential to
keeping this power. Some wealthy patrons are already
regular visitors to the royal, religious and secular
courts of European civilization.

G

\


ips

)

\e

THE ORDER
OF REASON :

Wealthy adepts insist that they routinely put this
political influence to good use, enlisting a vast array of
cabals in carrying out the Order's most difficult tasks.
Craftmason revolutionaries respond that the power of
these few may grow enough to challenge the kings and
queens of the continent. But if this power is still
invested in a few elite masters, what really changes?
Craftmasons contend that these privileged few have
lost sight of their goal to protect the common popu-
lace, working instead to exploit them for their own
personal power. True power should be invested in the
masses, not the hidden nobility that rules them.

The Celestial Masters have a unique take on this
issue. The founders of their society first found patron-
age in the courts of kings and queens. If the Order has
limited resources for its grand goals, why not convince
the occasional sovereign to sponsor such enterprises?
As long as they never suspect the real use their funds
are being put to, what harm can it do?

Plenty, the High Guild contends. If the rulers of
Europe were to realize that the disparate lodges and
guilds of the Order were all unified under the Ivory
Tower and the Maximi, they would move to seize its
poweras quickly as possible. Thus, High Guild patrons
argue, we should seize sovereigns' power before they
seize ours. Craftmason scholars and Gabrielites simply
shake their heads, remembering what happened to the
Templars two centuries ago. If the Order does make a
bid for power too quickly, it could be crushed by the
nations it's trying to suborn.

What should we do with the supernatural world?

The original Declaration of the Ivory Tower states
in one of its primary clauses,"Man must not be threat-
ened by the supernatural. He must be master of his own
world." But how much should the Order suffer in
opposing these occult threats? For the time being, the
Order of Reason seeks out and observes sorcerers,
warlocks and witches very carefully, with full knowl-

a


CHAPTER FOUR:
THE INNER
LABYRINTH

edge of what happens when practitioners of magic are
tempted by great power. Members hunt only the most
extreme and dangerous ones, partially from the knowl-
| edge that if they don't, the Catholic Church and its
Inquisition will . .. and perhaps uncover some of the
Order's activities in the process.

Yet there are other creatures of the night. The
Order does not have the strength to destroy all of
them, especially creatures like vampires and
werewolves. (In fact, the society does not realize how
powerful their masters really are.) When one of these
monsters becomes a threat to a local lodge or the
people living near it, the Order upholds an obligation
to protect the common populace. Curiously, it is as
though these beasts know they must not venture too
close to such places, almost as if they possess a keen
intelligence.

Ghosts are a far more puzzling enigma. A few
brilliant Craftmasons have theories of how to oppose
and destroy them, but such methods often border on
acts of sorcery. Should such procedures be taught to
the Outer Labyrinth so that the world can be cleansed
of such an occult presence? Cosians can confirm a
more dangerous manifestation of the Restless Dead:
ghosts that inhabit and reanimate corpses. The House
of Fire has begun to theorize that many of the worst
sites of plague, disease and devastation seem to draw
such abominations to them. Some Cassandras insist
that the presence of these shambling abominations
confirms prophecy and that Judgment Day is close at
hand.

The Gabrielites seem to have a singular preoccu-
pation with the Fair Folk, and some Falcons have
dedicated their lodges to hunting and destroying any
evidence of their dealings . . . sometimes with tragic
results. Once you start waging war against one super-
natural creature, of course, one tends to notice a host
of other horrid things lurking in the shadows —
bygone beasties for Herculinians to slay, incubi and
succubi that must be destroyed and unnamable things
legends can't explain. Once the hunt against evil
begins, it never seems to end. Hopefully the Order of
Reason will learn to choose its battles carefully.

How should we regard the Nine Traditions?

The current thinking on this subject involves
evaluating the threat of individual mages one by one.
Some are secretive and cautious enough in their deal-
ings to pose little threat to the common populace, but
when a mage is clearly corrupted by his own power,
vainly calling up acts of magic with little concern for
the consequences, he must be put down. As the threat
of the Inquisition approaches, a few extremists among
the Gabrielites argue that all such heathens and pa-
gans should be destroyed.

Cooler heads, including those of the Doves, argue
that once a conflagration begins, it is difficult to
contain. If the Inquisition gains enough support, the
common populace may even begin to question what
Daedaleans do behind the closed doors of their lodges.
If people fear what they do not understand, how are
they to regard the Artificer with his mighty war &
machine or (God forbid!) the sight of a Skyrigger
soaring overhead?

Recent history details a few situations in which
Daedaleans and Tradition mages have found common.
cause enough to work together. Neither sect has toler-
ance for madmen like Infernalists or Marauds. When
a dangerous fool becomes powerful enough, a cabal
may receive permission to cautiously approach a coven
of Tradition mages and propose ways they may work
together. Such alliances are rare but do occur. The
Maximi and the Council of Nine have warred with
each other enough to seed distrust and bitterness, but
this doesn't preclude heroes from making their own
choices . . . and possibly their own enemies within the
Order as a result.

Where should we explore next? How much should
we rely upon our Skyriggers?

An internal debate rages between the Explorators
and Celestial Masters. Some Seekers believe that the
Order must establish diplomatic relations and trade
with other parts of the world. Others prefer to keep
their distance from dangerous cultures, focusing on
mapping the terrain below to help make Skyrigger
travel — and eventually conventional travel — safer.
The Order of the Grail supports this dream quite


pe (

THE ORDER
OF REASON

——

fervently, mapping large stretches of terrain by soaring
overhead in the Order's Skyriggers. This is not with-
out risk. The skies overhead, especially outside the
boundaries of Europe, are almost as dangerous as the
Void beyond.

The Celestial Masters, as one would expect, are
eager to launch more ships into the Void, yet these are
also the most expensive and dangerous journeys they
can pursue. With a limited number of Skyriggers, the
controversy continues: should they be used solely for
cartography, establish more trade routes or risk explor-
ing beyond the terrestrial sphere? The Maximi listen
to all such arguments and nod sagely, carefully weigh-
ing their options.

Skyviggers

It is worth noting that while the Seekers
may have command of Skyriggers, they're
not used on a day-to-day basis. Often, the
Convention's superior navigation (and in-
fluence over Connection) is enough of an
edge that its members don'tneed exotic means
like sailing ships through the clouds. The
High Guild doesn't sponsor them to soar
down the coast of Africa, for instance, so they
can buy nutmeg two months before other
merchants. If they did, you should expect one
of the Maximi to look into that little mo-
nopoly.

On the other hand, if the Inner Circle
decides to chart a group of islands in the
South Pacific, or if it decides an expedition
should explore the boundaries of the Aztec
Empire on the other side of the planet, using
a Skyrigger to cut a few years off the time to
travel there is a bit more understandable. In
other words, don't expect a galleon to soar up
to the council chamber of the Ivory Tower of
Languedoc in Southern France unless cir-
cumstances absolutely demand it.

Honori and Influence

In 1430, the Maximi moved their meeting cham-
ber from the White Tower of Yossamy to a fortress in
Languedoc. At the same time, they redefined how the
honori should divide their influence over the various
domains of Europe. As the first order of business, they
limited the number of honori within each Conven-
tion to twenty. With the assistance of the Order of the
Grail, they then asked those honori to draw up a map
of the major political regions of the continent and to
decide how those lands ought to be divided. Addi-
tional allowances were made for distant lodges in
Arabia, Africa and Cathay. The resulting map defined
thirty-nine realms of influence, separating entire na-
tions like fragments of a great empire.

Currently, some honori oversee more than one
region while some regions contain more than one
honorus of the same Convention. This is the most
direct way of measuring which Convention is stron-
gest in any given area. Since it is most impractical to
gather over 150 honori into one place again to nego-
tiate further changes, the Conventions continue to
declare their regions of influence to the White Tower
of Languedoc. However, due to a healthy dose of
political infighting, the distribution changes from
decade to decade.

For our own purposes, the back of the Sorcerers
Crusade rulebook includes a map labeled Nations of
Power. It delineates most of the major areas of influ-
ence throughout the fifteenth century, including over
forty of the regions divided by the honori. Consider,
for example, the balance of power in the Order of
Reason in the Year of Our Lord 1500. At that time:

— The High Guild is strongest in the Italian
states. Eleven of the Convention's twenty honori are
based there. Because of intrigue and conflict between
their adepts, the Guildsmen have had to move more
honori there to keep peace. Some domains are more
fiercely contested than others. As an example, three
honori oversee Venice and the Venetian territories,
but only one honorus governs Naples, Sicily and
Tunis.

=


— The Craftmasons are strongest in France;
three honori oversee that country. The Honorus of
Languedoc is perhaps the most influential, as he is
currently trying to rebuild a network of lodges estab-
lished there in the mid-thirteenth century. England,
Wales, Ireland and Scotland each has one honorus as
well.

— The Artificers have divided much of their
influence between the Holy Roman Empire and terri-
tories outside Europe. Two honori are in Cathay; two
are in Arabia; one is hidden within the Ottoman
Empire; one oversees the Muslim Empires. The rea-
soning behind such a heavy investment in foreign
lodges becomes obvious when one considers that a
great deal of Artificer Devices work far better abroad
than they do in Europe.

— The Cosians spread the realms of their honori
evenly across most of Europe. The two most esteemed
honori are in the region of the Ottoman Empire,
overseeing classical lodges near the ruins of Ancient
Greece. There are rumors that one of them has been
accused of secretly conspiring with the House of
Olympus, allowing dangerous and sorcerous alchemi-
cal experiments to take place.

— The Celestial Masters place the majority of
their influence within the Holy Roman Empire. At-
tempts to play various court palatines against each
other succeed as often as they fail. However, the
convention does manage to exploit some of these
relationships to finance cabals. As part of an old
tradition, one honorus represents all expeditions to
the Void, while another speaks for House Selene.

— The Explorators have three honori in Portu-
gal, their greatest area of influence. As one would
expect, many of their honori oversee explorations in
other parts of the world, and thus they have divided
most of their resources among Arabia and Egypt,
Cathay, the Muslim lands, the Ottoman Empire and
the Courts of the Wolf. One honorus represents the
Alexandrians of Europe, while another speaks on
behalf of the League of St. Paul.

CHAPTER FOUR: ie — la,
THE INNER =
LABYRINTH ZA

— The Gabrielites are the most influential Con-
vention in the Papal States (where they have always
dominated), Spain and England. The honori of this
society have the most fluid power base within the
Order, allowing them to concentrate their "shadow
crusades" against sorcery and infernalism in a different
part of Europe each year.

—Itisrumored that the Ksirafai have sequestered
more of their honori in Eastern Europe and the Otto-
man Empire than has any other Convention. Some
believe they have remained there since the fall of
Constantinople in 1453. Only the Maximi know for
certain. > :

Maximi and justice

guildhall. Reasoned debate is essential to the Order's
survival. However, no matter what decisions are made,
there are certain powers within the labyrinth to which
all conspiracies must answer. Whether a cabal serves
a patron, protects a lodge or acquiesces to its
Convention's demands, the Maximi oversee all. They
are the Inner Circle of the Order, thirteen masters of
reason firmly entrenched in the innermost circle of
the Daedalean labyrinth.

Interdiction

The Order of Reason does not have limitless
resources, and there are a finite number of crays in
Europe to support its lodges. Therefore, the Maximi
prefer that these resources be put to good use. Cabals
may live near these "prime locations" only at the
sufferance of the Order. When a cabal or lodge under-
takes a course of action the Maximi cannot condone,
the masters use their influence over the eight Conven-
tions to correct the error in judgment. If the action can
be traced toa corrupt adept, he must pay. Just as heroes
conspire to overthrow tyrants from without, the Maximi
use their power to hunt them from within.


poe

a

THE ORDER
OF REASON

As the most powerful scholars of the Order, the
Maximi must understandably devote a certain amount
of time searching out apostasy within their ranks.
Their methods range far and wide, but if you've an-
gered the Maximi, you'll know it. An investigation
} may begin with a casual remark from a Maximi's
personal representative . . . then proceed to the hint
that Ksirafai are skulking in your midst . . . the sound
of Gabrielites kicking down your door . . . the blast of
a cannon tearing through a window .. . or a direct
confrontation with one of the Order's Inquisitors.
Conspiracies are subtle, but retribution is brutal.

As one would expect, cabals are sometimes en-
listed to aid an interdiction. A patron may politely
request that a conspiracy make a delivery toa far-flung
lodge, or have a brief conversation with its local adept.
When they return, they are asked to report any news
of suspicious activities they may have seen. When

members to discern whether it is the result of a real
threat or simply a perceived rivalry between two
powerful Daedaleans.

A Maximus has the authority to call an interdic-
tion against anyone within his own Convention; this
may be vetoed only by a second Maximus from the
same Convention. When several Conventions are
involved in the maintenance of a lodge, interdiction
requires a majority vote of the thirteen Maximi. This
leads to a great deal of politicking. A Maximus may
trade favors of support for one lodge in return fora vote
of interdiction against another. It is rumored that
some Maximi possess formidable mental disciplines to
sway the opinions of others; it is also rumored that the
chamber atop the Ivory Tower of Languedoc has wards
established by its original inhabitants to prevent such
manipulation.

Some outspoken resplendents (especially among
the Craftmasons) are exceedingly critical of this sys-
tem of governance. Rumors abound of the Maximi
themselves being corrupted by power. Most of them live
in isolation, hiding from the populace they supposedly
protect. Legends say that some have found rarefied
methods of extending their life span and longevity.
Sequestered in their Ivory Tower, the masters of the

Order make decisions based on what the adepts and
honori tell them. This leaves their lessers to wonder
how well they understand the world they pass judg-
ment upon each day.

Revolution

Although it may seem as if they do, the Maximi do
not wield absolute power. The Inner Circle can call for
interdiction, but the Outer Labyrinth can resist it.
While a handful of individuals holds wealth and
privilege, they are far outnumbered by legions of
brethren, initiates and mediators. When the Maximi
call for interdiction, they run the risk of the obvious
response: revolution. Already, factions within the
Order are becoming critical of their practices and
politics, and some say it is only a matter of time until
a major upheaval occurs within the Order's power
structure.

For now, though, the existing tensions be-
tween conventions serve to provide a natural system of
checks and balances. The High Guild holds more
wealth and power than any other Convention, par-
ticularly within the Patrons' Guild. Thus, its Maximi
have a tendency to call for interdictions to serve their
own needs. To counter this, the Craftmasons lead the
largest revolutions. They recruit more brethren and
maintain more brotherhoods than any other Conven-
tion. At several points in the Order's history, devoted
Craftmasons have surrounded lodges and opposed the
Maximi's military strength with sheer numbers. Be-
cause the brethren perform many of the routine tasks
that maintain lodges, they may also decide to simply
stop work entirely until demands are met.

Other Conventions have the power to stage simi-
lar revolutions, of course — healers can walk off a
battlefield, Seeker ships lower their sails and so on. As
has often been the case in the Lodge Wars of Tuscany
and Venice, one High Guild adept may use evidence
of wrongdoing to call down interdiction on a rival.
One revolution can then tip the balance of power. It
is imperative that when an interdiction is called it has
the support of key Maximi, along with strength to back
it up.


CHAPTER FOUR:
THE INNER
: LABYRINTH

y {
Che Inner Mysteries

When a hero becomes an adept, attaining the
next degree of Enlightenment, a brilliant truth dawns
on him: Enlightened craft has a supernatural element.
As part of this "awakening," he realizes the temptation
of another path. From this moment on, adepts are
capable of vain feats of Enlightened science. They are
also capable of learning sorcery, a practice that is
punished within the Inner Labyrinth. Adepts keep
their mastery hidden from those outside their circle,
including the cabals they patronize. A Daedalean
must prove that he can be subtle and cautious with his
Enlightened arts before he is granted any sort of real
power or influence within the organization. In truth,
even the Inner Labyrinth has trouble tempering cor-
ruption from time to time.

Once a Daedalean is ready to enter the innermost
labyrinth, vast possibilities present themselves. Men-
tors and masters reveal the secret practices of the Inner
Mysteries. Some methods are advanced enough to
raise a dangerous question: are these practices science
or sorcery? Should they be pursued or forsaken? Sacred
geometers trap spirits of the dead in elaborate laby-
rinths. Furtive vivisectors animate the dead in hidden
laboratories. Advanced arts are more than magic dis-
guised as science, but when taken too far, they blur the
line between science and superstition, between dreams
and reality.

Some of the Inner Labyrinth's methods are ad-
vanced enough to be vain, but tolerated if they are
hidden. Others skirt the boundary between the ratio-
nal and the fantastic. Hundred-ton warships are not
supposed to lift into the heavens, but under the com-
mand of esteemed master explorers, they do. Masters
of primal forces are not supposed to conjure items from
thin air — such vanity is indiscreet. So how does the
renowned scholar Thomas O'Doull summon matter
from thin air with his Quintessential Ingenae . . . and
still convince us he has used his scientific genius?

You now possess secret knowledge. Of
course, while you (as the player) know this, your
character does not. In the Dark Fantastic world,
some Daedaleans suspect these truths, but very
few can prove them. In our world, players can
read these details, but Storytellers can prevent
them from acting on such details "in game."
With this in mind, here is a guideline that (as
with anything else) the Storyteller is free to
contemplate as she chooses.

In theory, a Daedalean with Arete 4
or higher can perform vain feats of En-
lightened arts. If he can present them as
science and keep them hidden from the
common populace, his actions are toler-
ated. Adepts and masters can also perform
vain acts of sorcery, or acts of science that
resemble magic, but if they are caught,
they are punished.

The above three sentences are the most
dangerous ones in the whole book, so use them.
with care. What do they mean? Well, for astart:

— They imply that brethren, initiates and
resplendents are being lied to... or are at least
being kept from the truth. There truly is a
supernatural component to Enlightened arts.

— They suggest that the Storyteller can
safely photocopy the charts beginning on page
264 of the main rulebook and hand them out to
players who've earned the right to play experi-
enced Daedaleans with Arete 4 or higher.

— They hint that many vain acts of
willworking are considered sorcerous. Defining
which acts are acceptable is a matter of great
debate and intrigue.

—And worst ofall, they reveal that Ksirafai,
Gabrielites and other crusaders who discover
that Daedalean is performing vain acts will use
the knowledge for purposes of blackmail, inqui-
sition, conspiracy or worse.

THE ORDER
OF REASON

= oss

<< {—

Fortunately, the adept is not alone. If he does not
choose wisely, others will advise him. Once an adept
enters the Inner Labyrinth, he is instructed by magis-
trates, visiting cabals of other practitioners and masters
appearing through viasilicoi. To resolve matters of
orthodoxy, honori formally declare to the adepts of
their region which practices are tolerated and which
are forbidden. In 1450, a Craftmason honorus drafted
the Theses of Languedoc, a set of laws dictating his
interpretation of the Inner Mysteries. Since then,
honori from all conventions have drafted their own
theses, defining their own interpretations of advanced
arts. In most regions, the local honori draft this state-
mentof principles collectively, often after fierce debates
and politicking. When disagreements get out of hand,
the local honori disseminate their decisions sepa-

rately. They then prepare for war.

The Theses of Languedoc

The Inner Mysteries are defined in the heart of the
labyrinth, far from brethren and resplendents alike.
When acts of vanity are performed, they are attempted
under the veil of complete secrecy. If they are seen
openly, they should appear as science. With that in
mind, justifying Rank Four and Five Effects as any-
thing other than magic takes a bit of work. The way the
tules are written, the highest Spheres favor sorcery,
not science, at least for the next few centuries. There
are a few examples, however, of advanced applications
that are "tolerated" within the Order. Nearly all of
them are vain. Here is a brief summary of the arts
allowed by the original Theses of Languedoc.

Connection 4: Appearing in a distant viasilicos.
Building a truly confounding labyrinth.

Connection 5: Piloting a Skyrigger. Creating a
perfect sanctum.

Forces 4: Creating a huge conflagration from a
single spark. Designing a building or room that drasti-
cally alters light, heat or sound within it.

Forces 5: Concealing a Skyrigger. Countering a
sorcerer's devastating assault.

Fortune 4: Using athletic mastery to enhance an
assault (and inflict aggravated damage). Blessing some-
one with good fortune. Encouraging longevity. Altering
the yield of crops. Healing a devastating disease or
inflicting one as punishment.

Fortune 5: Forcing an obsession or insanity as
punishment. Altering the importance or nature of a
place. Creating a binding oath.

Life 4: Preventing a shapeshifter from changing
shape. Taming a supernatural creature. Altering emo-
tions of prisoners under torture.

Life 5: To ensure proper governance, bringing
youth, strength and longevity to the secret masters.

Matter 3: Using alchemy to change the state of an
object to a solid, liquid or gas.

Matter 4: Crafting complex machinery. Attain-
ing alchemical perfection or forging perfect metals.
Experimenting with clockwork automata. Strength-
ening an inorganic object.

Matter 5: Altering an inorganic object's density
or weight (within acceptable limits). Crafting perfect
armor. Building a Skyrigger.

Mind 4: Enforcing orthodoxy through torture asa
severe punishment.

Mind 5: Contemplating Platonic perfection. (In-
tentionally left vague to allow the secret masters their
private meditations.)

Prime 4: Repairing and crafting Devices. Strength- ("YW
ening inorganic items. Finding inspiration (and gaining
Quintessence) anywhere. As a severe punishment,
eradicating a sorcerer with holy flame.

Prime 5: Eradicating spirits and ghosts though
applications of sacred geometry.

Spirit 4: Meditating until one can "shallow" into
a spirit realm. Warding a building against spiritual
invasion with sacred geometry.

Spirit 5: Entering the Void with a Skyrigger.

Time 4: "Triggering" an Effect with a specific
event.


CHAPTER FOUR:
THE INNER
LABYRINTH

These forty possible applications of the Inner
Mysteries list the "default settings" for the Theses in
most parts of Europe. Each honorus has the rather
onerous task of defining his own interpretation of this
list, at least for the region he governs. Practices toler-
ated in Venice, for example, may be proscribed in
Paris. In each region, the honorus watches over the
Daedaleans of his Convention with the help of mag-
istrates, facilitators and his personal cabals of
investigators and spies. If the honorus fails, the Cabal
of Pure Thought and Ksirafai use their own means to
purge dangerous and deviant Daedaleans.

Gathered around Flames of Reason

Once a scholar becomes a true adept of Enlight-
ened science, he is eventually drawn into one of the
innermost conspiracies of the Order. Most adepts are

clever enough to insinuate themselves into places of
political power, not only to advance their strategies in
this struggle, but to protect themselves as well. This is
one of the prime motivations for destroying rivals and
seizing control of a lodge. All of these rivals regard
each other carefully, certain that they themselves are {
quite subtle in their dealings but that others have
begun to slide into unorthodox and dangerous prac-
tices.

A scholar who insists on taking what he has
learned and practicing in the open may become a
menace. He may reveal to the world the gifts the Order
possesses or even attempt to harness them for his own
benefit. Even worse, other powerbrokers, from the
kings of nations to the Church itself, may wish to seize {
this power for their own benefit. That which is not
hidden may be destroyed or seized. If adepts will not
learn caution, cabals commanded by the secret mas-
ters must teach them . . . one way or another.


TEE

THE ORDER
OF REASON

—

If an adept rejects the local theses of his Conven-
tion and begins to experiment with techniques that
resemble sorcery, the masters of the Order may send a
personal representative to confirm the transgression.
At first, the adept is chastised and lectured on the
importance of orthodoxy. If he continues, the conse-
quences become more severe. He may be demoted
from his position in a lodge, censured, branded or even
tortured if the Gabrielites find out. A few innovative
adepts with dangerous yet useful practices have been
exiled to perilous lodges in Africa, Arabia or Cathay,
where they may still innovate without threatening the
European regions. As for treachery against the Order
itself, there is no tolerance. A small handful of adepts
decides to forsake science and secretly study under the
tutelage of sorcerers. Once the scholar has taken this

"left-hand path," his betrayal is punishable by death.

Unorthodox Honori

Honori who draft theses that are extremely liberal
or tolerant of obvious sorcery usually force rivalries
with the other honori of their region by doing so.
Often this occurs simply to justify their own secret
experiments. For instance, Arthur Trevanus, the
Craftmason Honorus of England, has been teaching
advanced versions of sacred geometry to many of his
adepts. It is rumored that they have been trapping
spirits of the dead and interrogating them at great
length. Due to the nature of these practices, rivalry has
sprung forth amongst the Honori of England, pressing
them to publish separate theses. The Craftmason
Theses of England allow for Trevanus's experiments.
The Gabrielite and Artificer Theses of the same na-
tion do not. Obvious complications arise from this
situation. For instance, if Trevanus needs a cabal of
Mauls to defend a Craftmason lodge, he probably
won't get it. Instead, he may need to summon up
troops through the Craftmason Sword Guild. But
whether or not the Sword Guild will be able to defend
against Artificer Devices is another thing entirely.

It is rumored that Ksirafai are investigating
Trevanus's other activities, and it has been confirmed
that he has received three visits from the Cabal of Pure

Thought. If he does not desist, he may be captured,
killed or forced to watch as one of his lodges is burned
to the ground. If, however, he can prove that his
innovations are useful, other honori may rush to his
defense. The other Craftmason Honori of England
may stage a revolution, shutting down Artificer forges
in England, or the Maximi themselves may intervene
if the conflict gets out of hand. A cabal that can
demonstrate useful applications of these supposedly
sorcerous techniques may tip the political conflict one
way or the other. If politics can't resolve the dispute,
violence will.

Proscvibed Practices

Resplendents eventually figure out that there are
a few accepted cases where adepts do use very limited
applications of sorcery. For example, the major lodges
of the Order remain in contact through a series of
viasilicoi, the rare and valuable "far-seeing stones" used
to communicate across great distances. Only an adept
possesses the mental prowess to activate one of these
geometrically perfect crystals. While this seems by
some resplendents to be obviously magical, it is taken
as a necessary practice to help organize the disparate
guilds and lodges across Europe and beyond.

Ifthe Maximi tolerate this one instance of sorcery,
might there be others they use as well? The answer is
yes. A handful of procedures and devices used by the
Inner Labyrinth are obviously vain, yet the Maximi
tolerate their use. The current theory is that such
procedures must be kept secret, but by continued use
and experimentation, the Order may find a way to
make such fantastic wonders eventually seem com-
monplace. What a master artisan can build today may
become an ordinary household device tomorrow. A
Maxima may even take the risk of requesting an
honorus to alter his theses, accepting the political
consequences that might follow. A few of these ex-
periments have failed, and for that reason, they are
forbidden. However, some masters and Maximi are
known to possess detailed knowledge and mastery of
such methods. Whether this is hypocrisy or vision
remains to be seen.


CHAPTER FOUR:
THE INNER
LABYRINTH

"A! Adept and Master Effects

The Inner Labyrinth, by its very nature, often tests
the limits of acceptable Enlightened craft. As a conse-
quence, some of these rotes and Effects are vain. A few,
where noted with the term proscribed, are currently
forbidden by most honori. Dabbling in such sorcerous
affairs may result in an investigation, interdiction or
even execution. Of course, the Storyteller may devise
a story or two with results that can change those
boundaries.

Simon's Petition (High Guild)

eee Connection * Mind

Proscribed

Legend holds that Simon of Ghita was once the
sole inhabitant of a tower with many windows. When
visitors came to address him, he would speak to several
of them at once, appearing magically in every one of
the windows of the tower. It is believed that some
masters of the Order have learned from Simon's ex-
ample, appearing before the adepts of several lodges at
once and addressing each one separately. Gabrielites
abhor the mythical mage Simon, and if they can prove
a master is using this proscribed rote, an investigation
into sorcerous practices follows. Nonetheless, some
adepts believe this Effect affords enough of an edge in
intrigue that it is worth the risk.

[System: Arete (difficulty 7). Take a Scourge
point; the Effect is vain without witness. First, you'll
need one success for each additional "shadow" of your
self you want to produce. Estimate the distance be-
tween them. Stack the extra successes on the Distance
Chart (page 240 of the main rulebook) to figure the
number of additional successes you'll need. This is an
all-or-nothing Effect; if you fail, nothing happens.)

Temper Viasilicos

¢eee Connection * Mind

Every lodge of consequence should have at least
one adept to oversee local affairs. As one would ex-
pect, this person's position within the Inner Labyrinth
allows him to interpret events very differently from
the cabals around him. As part of his conspiracy with
the Inner Circle, he reports what he discovers to the
masters and Maximi. Adepts are powerful enough to
take the risk of using a viasilicos — one of the "geo-

metrically perfect" crystals used to communicate be-
tween distant lodges — to ask advice from their
superiors. A viasilicos is always heavily protected,
often within an adept's sanctum, and is attuned spe-
cifically to the adept of the lodge.

Masters and Maximi themselves are quite pleased
to allow such covert messages to pass through a net-
work of adepts. This rote is vain, and an adept using it
automatically gains a point of Scourge for each scene
in which he communicates through the "far-seeing
stone." Forcing adepts to "straighten themselves" con-
tinually to overcome this Scourge gives masters yet
another edge over adepts. As one would expect, mis-
use of a viasilicos invites interdiction.

[System: Arete (difficulty 7). Take a Scourge
point; this is vain without witness. The number of

successes you require depends on the distance between

the viasilicoi. (Consult the chart on page 240 of the
main rulebook.) Stack an additional number of suc-
cesses based on the length of the message. A word or
two ("Save us!") requires one extra success; a para-
graph requires two extra successes; a full scene of
dialogue requires three extra successes.

Doing this without Mind | requires five successes.
The adept places a candle or lamp next to the crystal;
his image is projected on a wall through another
viasilicos. For one scene, he may divulge his secret
information. This is most definitely vain. Because of
the added complications, this variant Effect is diffi-
culty 8.]

Daedalean Labyrinth (Craftmason)

eee Connection

Hedge mazes, sewer tunnels or even libraries —
when mages attempt to enter the innermost domains
of the Order of Reason, they sometimes find them-
selves misdirected by the vast labyrinths constructed
around the most extensive lodges. Without sufficient
Enlightenment, the inquisitive mage finds himself lost
before long, doubling back along the same corridors.
He is confused when the marks he made not long ago
are altered, mystified when all attempts to sketch the
details, spool out lengths of twine or "take the left-
hand path" are stymied. What would Daedalus be
without his labyrinth?

As a most unusual application, the Scroll Guild
maintains secret libraries in many of the finest univer-

OZ

SS


THE ORDER
OF REASON

sities and monasteries across Europe. Some of their
"private collections" are buried in stacks surrounded
byaveritable labyrinth of bookcases. Those unschooled
in their scholarly arts have been known to become lost
after walking through the wrong priest hole, rotating
} bookcase, or hidden passageway. This is intentional,
as it prevents knowledge from falling into the wrong
hands. For a very cinematic treatment of this idea,
)_ check out The Name of the Rose.

[System: The architect must make an Arete roll
(difficulty 8). Take a Scourge point; this is vain with-
out witness. Note the number of successes; you can use
an Extended roll to increase this number. Subtract a
number of successes for the duration of the Effect (page
240). Ittakes five successes to effectpermanentchanges.
LZ Anyone trapped in the labyrinth must roll Will-

(1) power (difficulty 8). Ifthe wanderer rolls fewer successes
SS than the designer did on his initial roll, the wanderer

Wand becomes lost. If the designer stacked more than ten

successes on the extended roll, the Willpower roll
always fails. As an alternative, the Storyteller may
allow Arete (difficulty 6) for a character without
Connection 1, or Arete (difficulty 7) for someone who
has it. If several people are in the group, only one of
them gets to make the roll. As a side effect, any
attempts mentioned earlier to circumvent the laby-
rinth fail unless Arete is somehow involved. Mundane
efforts always fail.)

Pilot Skyrigger (Seeker)

¢¢ Connection

Few feats are more impressive than launching a
Skyrigger to the heavens; one of them is actually
piloting one to its destination. Once the ship takes to
the clouds, the pilot and captain have their own
methods (and Effects) to help guide the ship safely to
its goal.

For now, assume that the ship's master (or pilot)
must make vain Connection 5 rolls to overcome the
most perilous aerial hazards. Traveling the skies over
Europe is almost as hazardous as attempting to reach
the heavens beyond. For the sake of safety (and the
sanity of the common populace), such journeys usually
begin after a ship has set to sea. They are usually
attempted to drastically reduce travel time across
oceans, not continents.

[System: Here's the simplified version of this sys-
tem. When peril nears, a Seeker may attempt an Arete
roll to avoid it (difficulty 8). Take a Scourge point; this
is vain without witness. The adept may work commu-
nally with other sailors (call for "all hands on deck"
who have Connection). Up to three sailors can at-
tempt this roll for any given hazard. This is usually
done by the pilot, then the crew and finally the captain
before he goes down with his ship.]

Cloud Cover

@ @ © © © Forces (Celestial Master; Skyrigger, flying
kite or similar contrivance)

Why don't people on the ground notice flying
machines soaring overhead? It could be a side effect of
Connection 5, or perhaps it's because Celestial Mas-
ters rely on more than just a strong air current. They
sail over the clouds themselves, choosing routes that
are obscured on an especially windy day. A gust of
wind, a light fog or a bank of clouds may distract or
misdirect unwitting members of the common popu-
lace nearby. The Order understands such methods of
secrecy; however, this is still a vain act, and the
Scourge is not forgiving. (Any tale of grand explora-
tion involves brushes with extreme danger — could it
be because the pilot or captain invoked one of these
rotes once too often?)

[System: For each day of travel, roll Arete (diffi-
culty 7). Take a Scourge point; this is vain without
witness. The duration is one day, so you'll need three
successes. If you score them, it's smooth sailing. If you
fail, you may need a Pilot Skyrigger roll to recover.
We'll assume that no one is looking for the ship or
expects to see one. If someone is looking, though,
you'll need more successes than their opposed Percep-
tion + Awareness roll. The difficulty for your roll goes
up to 8 because the Effect is then treated as vain with
witness when someone suspects the ship's presence.]

Rival's Curse (Artificer, High Guild)

¢eee Fortune ¢* Connection

Proscribed

Rival adepts and masters conspire against each
other with spies, assassins and even unwitting cabals.
The temptation is great to use more sorcerous meth-
ods. By callingupa happy little accident, the Daedalean
may injure his rival witha fall down astaircase, a fallen


CHAPTER FOUR:
THE INNER
LABYRINTH _—

G

bookcase or even an outright magical attack. Such
methods are traceable by insightful cabals, of course,
but when all else fails, a vengeful conspirator may use
any method to harm his enemy. This rote comes with
a price: it is vain, and before the adept or master can
inflict damage on others, he must first risk bringing the
Scourge down upon himself. (What is it those mages
say? Something, something, something, three-fold. What-
ever.)

[System: Arete (difficulty 8). Take a Scourge
point; this is vain without witness. Stack the successes
you get. Successes stacked for Connection determine
distance; successes stacked for Fortune determine dam-
age. Both results depend on the charts on page 240 of
the main rulebook.]

Shapeshifter Prison (Cosian)

eee Life or eee Life ¢* Prime

The Cosians study living things in all their forms,
and Shapeshifters are truly an enigma. While the
Order does not want to bring down the wrath of these
creatures, a few skinchangers have been captured and
imprisoned for further study. Through a combination
of the right elements (most notably, various mixtures
featuring silver), the captors may take active measures
to prevent their captive from taking his true and
monstrous form.

[System: Arete (difficulty 6). This is usually done
each day with an extended roll. The first three suc-
cesses ensure the Effect lasts for a full day; keep track
of the additional successes. A shapeshifter must over-
come this number of successes, either with a Life Effect
(for a mage) or Stamina + Primal Urge (for a
shapeshifter) to shift forms. With Prime, the bars can
be laced with silver, actively dealing damage to any
shapeshifter who brushes up against them. The dam-
age dice equal the number of extra successes you noted
earlier.]

Sinner's Redemption (Gabrielite)

eeeee Mind

"Thou shalt not suffer a sorcerer to live," says the
Good Book . . . but it also proclaims that "Thou shalt
not kill." There are worse fates than death. Is it
possible to force a conversion froma witch, warlock or
heretic and save his soul? Some merciful Doves say yes;

unfortunately, so do inquisitorial Falcons. After a
lengthy contest of wills, a cabal may finally succeed in
purifying the sinner's soul . . . or at least messing with
his mind long enough to completely restructure his
beliefsystem and philosophy. This does not depend on
modern tactics of psychological warfare, but instead
draws upon the idea that those who are "good" can
save the souls of those who are imagined as "evil." And
yes, this is vain, born of the egotism that a mere mortal
can use something as crude as branding irons and
thumbscrews to effect true spiritual change.

[System: This is an extended contest between the
inquisitor's Arete (difficulty 9) and the subject's Arete
(difficulty 9). One roll is allowed for each day of
inquisition. If the inquisitor can accumulate more
successes than the subject's permanent Willpower,
he's effected a permanent change. However, the in-
quisitor must take a Scourge point for each roll; this is G
vain without witness. A dramatic Storyteller can plan
out methods the mage might use to escape as well as
tactics the inquisitor might use to foil them.]

O'Doul's Ingeniae (Artificer)

eeeee Prime

Proscribed

This rote illustrates the dangers of advancing the
frontiers of Enlightened craft. "Mad" Thomas O'Doul
has mastered a very philosophical technique: drawing
upon the Platonic nature of reality and forming ob-
jectsseemingly out of thin air. Noone quite understands
how he doesit, but O'Doul is glib enough to have many
seemingly scientific and philosophical explanations.
As long as he can keep winning arguments over his
technique, the Cabal of Pure Thought will allow his
experiments. One false step, however, and he may face
a more primitive innovation, trial by fire. O'Doul is
currently under the protection of the Honorus of
Navarre. She does not consider this application pro-
scribed; in all other parts of Europe, it is forbidden.

[System: Arete (difficulty 8). This is vain; take a
Scourge point. The apparatus involved actually trans-
forms Quintessence into matter. O'Doul could achieve
asimilar Effect with Prime 2/Matter 2, but he has only
dabbled in his study of mechanics. (In other words, he
doesn't have Matter 2.) The size and complexity of the
object summoned depends on the number of successes.


WW

THE ORDER
OF REASON

item with Matter 3, but in this case, it is summoned
within mere moments.]

Sparrow's Fall (Gabrielite)

eeee Time ¢¢¢ Entropy ¢¢ Prime

(may substitute ¢¢¢¢ Mind or ¢¢¢ Life)

God knows what you really are, and he will punish
you. Gabrielites who have extensively studied the
occult have found ways to "mark" (if not brand out-
right) creatures they know are inherently evil or
sinful. While such a beast may not have committed an
4 act of sin recently, once this brand is inflicted, the
Lord awaits His chance to visit judgment.

When the branded beast commits a specific for-
bidden act the Gabrielites suspect he is contemplating
ee (drinking blood, walking across vast distances with
Connection, shifting into the form of a beast, seducing
the innocent), God's vengeance is put upon him. The

madness or even consumed by holy flame. No matter
which punishment is most just, it lies in wait for those
who will not turn from the path of darkness. God
watches the fall of every sparrow; He watches the
Devil's spawn with a bit more vigilance.

[System: Arete roll (difficulty 7). Don't take a
Scourge point; this Effect is actually casual. Time 4/
Entropy 3 allows the Effect to "hang" in time until the
proper event takes place. This requires three successes.
In the first variant, Prime 2 inflicts the damage. For
each success beyond three, then, the Effect does one
die of aggravated damage when triggered. Add an
extra die to damage for each Scourge point the sinner
has. In the second variant, substitute Life 3 for Prime
2. Each success beyond three determines the virulence
of the disease and inflicts one die of nonaggravated
damage. In the third variant, substitute Mind 4. The
result is temporary insanity. Calculate the duration
based on the chart on page 240 of the rulebook.]

Vanity

To be honest, any Storyteller may decide to break
the Casual Rule. That's her right. However, she should
be careful to define beforehand which sorts of vain
feats are allowable in her game. Some of the other

books for this game present plenty of suggestions;
these must be weighed on a case-by-case basis. An
Order of Reason chronicle can be intensely historical
and realistic or fantastic and magical. Deciding whether
to break the Casual Rule affects this mood more than
any other factor.

Once you open Pandora's Box and allow one vain
feat, it's tempting to bring out more. Cana Daedalean
learn secret methods of scrying to watch her rivals
from afar (and are there means to counter such meth-
ods)? Can artisans routinely invent devices that are far
ahead of their time? Do masters of Mind possess secret
powers of manipulation? And what sorcerous arts do
the Ksirafai hide from their rivals? In the descriptions
of the Nine Spheres in chapter 2, such possibilities are
presented as "rumors" — you must decide if they are
real in your game. If they do exist at all, they're
carefully hidden.

Some clarification is necessary: not all vain feats
are sorcerous. Any technical achievement that's clearly
"ahead of its time" is also vain. For instance, the world
just isn't ready for flying machines yet, so a latter-day
Icarus who leaps off a cliff with wings made of wax,
bone and feathers is going to taste the Scourge... and
possibly the rocks below. In this approach to the game,
resplendents aren't ready to attempt such vain feats.
They've got enough to learn already.

Prime influence adds another dimension to this
experiment. Prime is used to effect permanent, basic
changes in an item, so Devices (the Daedalean equiva-
lent of Magical Treasures) are designed so that any of
the Enlightened can use them. Some Devices re-
create vain Effects without invoking the Scourge. The
hero may be able to perform a great feat that would
normally be beyond his abilities with such a fine tool
or weapon. For instance, a resplendent can't modify
his pistol so that it fires off several shots a turn, but if
an adept manufactures a gun that fires several barrels
simultaneously as a Device, the machine has been
tested enough that it works, if crudely. However, it will
wear down ("burning Quintessence") and stop work-
ing if it isn't maintained properly.

As a rule, Devices that replicate Effects from
technology up to about fifty years in the future should
not force a Scourge point on the user. Granted, this
guideline works better for more "realistic" chronicles
than high fantasy adventures, but it usually suffices. A

a
@ \


CHAPTER FOUR:
THE INNER
LABYRINTH

Device that's far ahead of its time (like a flying ma-
chine) or one that's just impossible (a permanent
version of O'Doul's ingenae) should grant a Scourge
point. For example, if you can soar above the ground
witha Device that functions like wings, there's no way
around this limitation — you're going to get Scourged.
In any case, a botch can still bring down a backlash,
but that's another matter. Chapter 5 gives more details
on these phenomena and others.

Casual and Vain Craft

Once a Storyteller is fluent in the ideas behind
Enlightened arts and sciences, it's easier to delineate
the boundary between "casual" and "vain." For a
Daedalean, any act that is obviously sorcerous is auto-
matically vain. One cannot cover up magical acts by
invoking neat little coincidences. (In this game, you
need never hear the phrase "Wouldn't it be a nice
coincidence if..." again.) Ifa hero is using magic, the
character knows it, the player knows it and, most
important, the Storyteller knows it. Thus, as soon as
the hero strays from the "straight and narrow path,"
he's going to get a Scourge point. The attempt is vain
in more ways than one — you've got to be egotistical
to think you're going to get away with it.

Here's an example: Three Ksirafai walk into a bar.
The first one has influence over Fortune. He gets a
hunch that the place is a bit more dangerous than it
looks. With a passing glance (and a quick Perception
+ Awareness roll), he notices his furtive cabal is about
to get ambushed. Fortunately, he's prepared for such
an eventuality. He's hidden a dagger in a spring-
loaded sheath up hissleeve. Ashe passes by an obviously
armed and armored thug at the bar, he sizes him up
with a quick glance, lashes out with his knife and
strikes a lucky blow that lands between two plates of
the villain's hard leather breastplate. Cautious Ksirafai,
casual Effects.

The second Ksirafai is an adept. He notices his
companion getting ready to draw his blade and decides
to help attack the poor bastard at the bar. He, how-
ever, has not prepared for the possibility ofan ambush.
The player asks whether he can use a little Matter 2 to
produce a dagger from under the assassin's sleeve.
Since the character is an adept who spent a few years
training secretly with the Batini, the Storyteller ac-

begins, the assassin mutters a few words in Arabic and
draws an ebony dagger out of his sleeve. The act is
obviously magical — both the player and Storyteller
admit it up front —so the character automatically gets
a Scourge point. Even though no one actually saw him
conjure the dagger from thin air, it's still a sorcerous
act. Thus, it's still "vain without witness."

The third Ksirafai is also an adept, but he's a bit
more panicky than the others. The player calls for an
Arete roll to notice more about his assailants. This
would still be casual, but because there's the risk of
Scourge, the Storyteller can go into a bit more detail
about the skulking fiend's furtive glance. There are
actually seven attackers hidden about the room, and
they all have loaded pistols. To the devil with discre-
tion! The madman doesn't have sleeves, so as he
screams Arabic curses, he creates a nimbus of fiery J
energy around his hands and starts setting various
loaded weapons ablaze.

Give that hotheaded bastard a Scourge point! If
he botches, he definitely deserves what he gets: it's a
vain attempt with plenty of witnesses. Oh, and if
anyone survives, at least one survivor should go rush-
ing off to the authorities to tell the tale of a mad mage
who summoned up fire with a wave of his hands while
babbling in a foreign tongue. In the meantime, his
companions are shocked enough to grab the poor fool,
throw him at the armed thugs as a diversion and bolt
for the door as explosions detonate throughout the
bar. If he survives, the two Ksirafai (and possibly the
Cabal of Pure Thought) will want to hunt him down.

Vain Firearm Ritae

"Put your trust in God, but keep your powder dry."

— Oliver Cromwell

Forget wands. We've got guns. Three common
styles of firearms — the cannon lock, the matchlock
and the wheel lock — all exist by the mid-fifteenth
century. During the Renaissance, as one would expect,
firing a gun does not automatically bring down the
Scourge. However, manipulating a firearm so that it
performs far better than current weapons of the time
period will result in a little conflict with reality. Such
feats are vain.


THE ORDER

OF REASON
Again, not all vain feats are sorcerous. When a Examples of vain feats with firearms include:
device functions in a manner that's ahead of its time — Using Connection 2 to extend the range of a

(up to about fifty years from the current year of your _ firearm ("tifled" firearms did not exist at the time)
story), that qualifies as a vain application of Enlight-
ened science. Ina realistic, straight-up, standard Order
of Reason chronicle, this breaks the Casual Rule and
isn't allowed for anyone below the rank of adept. Ina

— Using Force 2 to load a firearm with so much
powder that the amount of damage is increased (casual
for up to less than double damage; vain for more)

— Using Prime 2 to inflict aggravated damage on

more fantastic story, the Storyteller may allow it as an supernatural creatures

}) exception. -
F —Using Time 3 tofire off several shotsa turn (this

usually involves a multichambered gun and possibly a
hand crank of some kind)

Any Artificer firearm can fire off a single shot
without putting the user at risk. A masterfully con-
structed firearm will have a few extra cranks, levers,

. As a side note, in any adventure after 1450, a
sights and other modifications to extend its perfor-

wealthy patron may prefer to equip his cabal with the
equivalent of wheel locks. While such weapons are
rare for the period, they are not vain. A hero with
influence with Forces may prefer a matchlock in some
cases (e.g., when using the Tamping Effect), but it

mance. Once these are engaged and the artisan or
craftsman tests out his delicate device, he's become an
anachronism. Under the Casual Rule, only characters

with Arete 4 or greater can make such attempts.


va) — CHAPTER FOUR:
THE INNER
: = LABYRINTH

never hurts to have backup. With this guideline,
scholars don't have to be helpless. In fact, during the
Renaissance, they really shouldn't be. Putting two or
} three dots in the Secondary Ability: Firearms can
make the difference between a successful investiga-
tion and a dead hero.

Follow the Path

"There's a difference between knowing the path . . .
and walking the path."

— Morpheus, The Matrix

The initiates and mediators within the Order
suspect that magic is pervasive in the world, tempting
them with its power. That fact is undeniable: when a
Daedalean first attains Enlightenment, she receives a
vision of her daemon, the muse that inspires her in
great works. This is a private temptation, one that
offers the chance to stray from the path of pure science
into the realms of mysticism. Deep in her heart, the
visionary knows that others have strayed, but should
she do the same? The wise Daedalean chooses a safe
and cautious path, entering the labyrinth. Later, when
her will is stronger, this crisis of faith may arise once
more to torment her, but for now, the path is clear.

Resplendents occasionally witness feats of prow-
ess that are not neatly explained. They may suspect
that the higher levels of accomplishment have some
supernatural component, but they also know the con-
sequences of misusing such power. Revolution,
interdiction and even inquisition threaten the foolish.
They soon notice adepts who appear indiscreet with
their use of power. A loyal resplendent destroys such
a rival, perhaps securing his rightful place within the
next circle of the labyrinth by doing so.

If adepts are wise, they never demonstrate their
true strength or even test the boundaries of Enlight-
ened craft. If they choose to explore these limits, then

they must conceal their activities from the outside
world and sometimes even from other Enlightened
within the Order of Reason. Such feats should appear
as applications of science. Honori define which Inner
Mysteries are tolerated, punishing those who stray. Far
more orthodox factions within their ranks, including
many led by the Gabrielites, do not tolerate such vain
offenses against man and God. Some adepts influence
these forces to investigate, discredit and eventually
destroy their rivals so that they may advance in their
place.

Manysecret masters personally direct resplendents
who suspect corruption in the labyrinth. They may
allow adepts to conspire against each other, ensuring
that said adepts aren't plotting against them instead.
Only the wisest practitioners are worthy enough to
succeed them; until then, they must keep their le:

keeps adepts from overthrowing the honori, who de-
fine the Inner Mysteries to keep the more ambitious
politicians in check. Accusations of sorcery and
infernalism remove many of the most powerful rivals.

The oldest Maximi endure struggles so arduous
that they fade into seclusion, left to the innermost
chambers of the White Tower of Languedoc. Even
worse, they may bask in the light of a viasilicos in a
private sanctum, hearing reports from the outside
world. Evidence of supernatural forces at work within
the Order exists, but that does not mean it should be 4
welcomed or tolerated. When all else fails, the Maximi
force interdiction, putting an end to petty struggles
and rivalries.

For the young scholar starting out, this secret
society paves the way to a bright future, but if he
should stray into the dark corners of the Order's
labyrinth, his prospects diminish. You now know the
path to the heart of the labyrinth. The door is open.
Advance.



CHAPTER FIVE: fz Ley
THE HERO, Va
REVEALED = -

For centuries, Daedalus has represented a type of
artist-scientist: that curiously disinterested, almost diabolic
human phenomenon, beyond the normal bounds of social
judgment, dedicated to the morals not of the time , but of his
art. He is the hero of the way of thought — singlehearted,
courageous, and full of faith that the truth, as he finds it,

shall make us free.

ome in, Padre, and be welcome."

Alessandro Lessi himself held open
his own front door to admit the small,
white-haired priest who waited on the
courtyard steps. Paolo's murder had
resulted in the mass exodus of the rest of
his household servants. Well, all except his wife's strange
English bodyguard, whom he had appointed at Senator
Caspetti's urging following the unpleasantness.

Lessi led the holy man into the study, where Bianca
waited along with Caspetti and Lorenzo Grimaldi. The
bodyguard was nowhere in sight, but that did not mean he
was not there. Strangely enough, that fact was terribly
comforting.

— Joseph Campbell, Hero with a Thousand Faces

"Padre Rosiglio," Bianca smiled, rising to greet.
"Thank you for agreeing to see us. I know your schedule
is quite busy."

"It is no trouble at all," Rosiglio replied, "especially in
light of your letter."

"We are ina very difficult position," she began. "The
cabal' s scholars have examined the mirror that was given to_/f
me as well as the one given to Senator Caspetti. I do not
profess to understand the intricate nature of their science,
but I trust that it works. The results only confirm my own
theories and observations. Now that Alessandro has
confessed to me his knowledge of the infernal nature of
these devices . . ."

"As well as Angela's malicious intentions for their
use," Lorenzo interrupted.


irrefutable proof, there is only one course that can be
taken."

"Normally ," Giulio said, "we would alert the Shadow
Guild and allow them to dispatch the Signora, or we would
notify the Venatores and hand the matter over to them."
} "But because of Alesssandro's confession at San

Marco," Lorenzo followed, "there is a strong chance that
the Inquisition might become involved. If that happens and
he is arrested and tried as an accessory along with Fabrizi,
it could lead to problems for my neice — who is completely
innocent — and to problems for the Order as a whole."

Rosigilio pondered for a moment and carefully scruti-
nized the others before breathing a heavy sigh and rising to
his feet. "If your . . . bodyguard has any useful information
he would like to provide, have him leave it with the
attending brother at the vestry. Fabrizi is a known prob-
Wy lem, but if there are other creatures working their evil in

for your involvement, consider the matter closed. The
Inquisition will not trouble you."

"Thank you, Padre!" Lessi exclaimed and clasped his
wife's hand. Rosiglio nodded to the assembled company
and made his exit. Smiling, Bianca and her husband rose
and followed the priest out of the room.

"Lessi is still a liability," Gareth stated after a mo-
ment, emerging from his place of concealment between a
bookcase and a heavy curtain.

"True" Lorenzo stated. "But I anticipated that from
the start and I have been formulatinga plan. Perhaps when
this current business is at an end, you and I can discuss our
options."

"What about the senator?" Gareth asked, gesturing in
Caspetti's direction.

"Since the outcome directly affects him," the older
man replied, "it is best that he not be involved in the
planning stages. All the better to avoid the possibility of
recrimination in the future."

"A wise plan." Gareth smiled. "And now I think I
will follow the good padre back to the vestry — to ensure
that he makes it there without incident. When I return, we
should really talk about Bianca' s training. Quite aremark-
able talent. I have a few friends who might greatly
contribute to her education."

—SNwoss—

OY YS THE ORDER Ls Y
RY, OF REASON :
"Agreed," Bianca acceded. "Now that we have

An Enlightened €dge

Daedaleans are only human, but they still have a
certain something more than the common folk around
them do. This Enlightened edge grants them a keener
vision and ability. Training and resources only serve
to sharpen it.

Heroes employ a wide array of inventions and
contraptions to aid them in their investigations, from
lumbering Machinae to delicate Devices. Initiates and
mediators often depend on these things to supplement
their skills at Enlightened craft. Resplendents, on the
other hand, tend to trust people more than machines.
They'd rather call on the assistance of their guilds,
organizations that further their training, offer them
aid, introduce them to patrons and connect them with
practitioners of advanced arts. Members of the Order
have a vast array of weapons at their disposal, be they
deadly Devices or social connections. We would not
want to leave your hero defenseless, so consider this
chapter your armory.

Backgrounds

All Daedaleans have Backgrounds. Most of the
ones written in the main rulebook are described from
a Tradition mage's point of few. Thus, some of them
require a bit of clarification before they're used in an
Order of Reason chronicle.

Allies: Brethren are ideal companions for this
advantage. They might come from a local lodge or
facade, a patron's estate, a city guildhall or even a
nobleman's entourage. For each point spent on the
Allies Background, a character can form an alliance
with one of the brethren from his Convention, a loyal
assistant he trusts implicitly. Brethren from a different
Convention take a bit more persuasion; they cost 2
points each. Enlightened allies cost a bit more; for
each point of Arete the ally has, the character should
have 1 point in this Background. For the same cost, a
Daedalean may develop a cautious alliance with a
Tradition mage, but such friendships are dangerous.


CHAPTER FIVE:
THE HERO,
REVEALED

Arcane: An Arcane Daedalean isn't known for
his command of mystic arts. In fact, he's hardly known
atall. While he may not be able to "hide in plain sight"
or vanish from view, his face and identity are quite
forgettable. He's got a talent for vanishing into crowds
of the common populace, or at least has refined skills
for concealing his identity. Some brethren also have
this Background. After years of working unobtrusively
on behalf of the Order, they solidly go about their
business undisturbed.

As described in the main rulebook, each dot in
this Background allows you to add one additional die
to Dice Pools involving Stealth; you can also subtract
the same amount from Perception or Investigation
rolls used to track you. When used with Effects based
around stealth or skulking (like the Cloak of Shadows
Effect), this Background can become extremely pow-
erful. At the Storyteller's discretion, only characters
with Arete 4 or higher can have more than ten dice in
any Dice Pool. When an Effect is used in conjunction
with this Background, if it raises a Dice Pool over ten
dice, the Effect should be considered vain. Bestow 1
point of Scourge on such a preternaturally sneaky
bastard.

Convenant: Go ahead and change the name of
this background to Lodge. Characters in a lodge cabal
(see chapter 1) should all purchase this Trait if it's
going to last them throughout the chronicle. Accord-
ingly, they know they can rush back to this "safe
house" if they're ever desperately in need of aid. If your
cabal prefers to found its own lodge and build it from
the ground up, an adept must supervise its activities.
Alternatively, a hero might have a long-standing
alliance with a lodge other than the one featured in
the chronicle. He might send messages asking for
advice (perhaps carried by an Ally) or send Devices
back to a specialist for repairs.

Cray: Even resplendents don't realize the true
power contained within crays. Such places may have
great historical significance, a dark and checkered past
or a history of odd occurrences, but regardless, the
facade built around a Daedalean cray always appears

C

mundane. In Traditional crays, Quintessence is gath-
ered in tangible form. In Daedalean crays, heroes can
still find inspiration and Quintessence, but without
mystical or supernatural rigmarole.

The cray's protectors transfer this primal energy
by going about some routine scientific or artistic
activity. As described in the meditation section of
chapter 2, this inspires, motivates or galvanizes the
heroes who work there. Someone needs to count all
the coins in a High Guild vault; a Cosian may raise
leeches in a stagnant pond; a Craftmason may care for
and maintain the foyer of an exceptionally impressive
building or tend the shelves of an extensive library and
soon. Resplendents with enough influence over Prime
are recruited for such choice assignments. That doesn't
mean they realize the mystical significance of their
actions.

Daemon: For many Daedaleans, the moment they
attain Enlightenment involves a realization that the
world is far larger and more mystical than they realized
before. This often involves some confrontation with
the supernatural. Each time the hero raises his Arete,
he typically goes through a Seeking, a personal con-
frontation with the same phenomenon.

Throughout a lifetime, if the hero is vigilant and
diligent, he may eventually come to understand why
this daemon torments him. If the hero is less fortunate,
the same vision or apparition continues to taunt him
with an epiphany he will never achieve. Seekers and
Celestials may spend a lifetime questing for a place
that doesn't really exist. Scientists or artisans may
"quest" by attempting to construct or replicate some
fabulous device they've seen only in their dreams. A
kind Storyteller lets them finish the task. A cruel
Storyteller allows a glimpse of paradise or lets the
device work for only a few brief moments.

Powerful daemons may actually appear as physical
avatars. If a Daedalean confronts one, he should be
cautious enough not to tell anyone about it. Tradition
mages often find "awakening" to be a fulfilling and
joyous experience, but Daedaleans would no doubt
find those same experiences terrifying. The main
tulebook describes some of these alternatives, such as


pS (

THE ORDER
OF REASON =

———

communions with angels, gods, muses, visions and so
on. With five dots in this Background, a hero may
secretly converse with the guardian, but it's safer to
keep such encounters limited to dreams, reveries and
meditations. If you confess to regularly conversing
with a horned satyr or Greek god, the Cabal of Pure
Thought might not be terribly sympathetic.

Destiny: Daedaleans with Destiny are unusually
strong willed. Many have some driving goal or quest in
life that restores their morale in times of great hard-
ship. Herculinians (Seekers known for taking on
seemingly impossible quests) and Cassandras
(Celestials within the House of Selene) are ideal
candidates for this advantage. A player must describe
this destiny at the beginning of the chronicle, most
likely during the prelude. Over the months that fol-

Familiar: If there's anything supernatural about a
resplendent's familiar, he probably doesn't realize it.
Animals with the Familiar Background are unusually
intelligent, loyal and obedient. Training them is re-
markably easy. They may even be more trustworthy
than a Daedalean's human companions. For anyone
below the rank of adept, the animal appears perfectly
mundane. Past that point, if the animal has any
supernatural or mystical traits — such as bestowing
knowledge on its owner — the Cabal of Pure Thought
would find it incredibly suspicious. Either way, famil-
iars still absorb Scourge using the game mechanics in
the main rulebook. The players should be aware of
this, even if the characters aren't.

Fora far more unusual interpretation, the Familiar
Background may grant the Daedalean a highly devel-
oped affinity for a particular type of animal. A Seeker
coachwoman may find it comforting to care for her
horses each morning and night, while a Craftmason
scholar might have a particular love for the cats who
prowl the shelves of his bookcase. (In one of the

playtests, a Cosian surgeon developed an unusual
affinity to ravens, largely because they helped her sort
out the living from the dead on the battlefield.) In any
week in which the hero hasa chance to work with such
an animal, she can trade in the requisite Quintessence
to burn off Scourge. Optionally, the affinity may lower
the difficulty of any Social-oriented rolls to interact
with that animal or type of animal. The difficulty is
reduced by the character's rating in this Background.

Influence: Sometimes a hero's influence is at-
tained through his connections in the Order. After all,
many brethren join a brotherhood because they ex-
pect to gain contacts that help them later in life.
Alternatively, ahero's influence may manifest through
alocal facade, amundane enterprise behind which the
Order can conceal its activities. If the hero's connec-
tions are completely independent of his secret society,
the Storyteller should make sure to clarify this distinc-
tion at the beginning of the chronicle.

Library: Immense personal libraries are rare in
this age, often limited to estates that are wealthy
enough to maintain them. If you prefer, this back-
ground can be used to represent access to a library
where one can study freely, whether it's at a university,
in a lodge, at a patron's estate, or even spread across a
series of guildhalls. Note that many scholarly guilds
are quite protective of their collections. They're so
valuable that they simply cannot be treated as "lend-
ing libraries."

Some travelers carry tomes with them from lodge
to lodge to help spread knowledge, often perusing the
books at length along the way. With a successful
Manipulation + Library roll, the scholar may convince
an adept to exchange one of these books for another
one. Over time, he may further his education as he
distributes knowledge across the continent. Some rare
or precious tomes may not be accessible in this way, or
at least raise the difficulty of the roll considerably.


CHAPTER FIVE: — 1
THE HERO,
REVEALED

Cay

Magical Treasures: Daedaleans employ Devices.
The end of this chapter contains a rather extensive
section on that particular topic, along with examples.
The background may grant a character one personal
artifact that remains the property of the owner, or it
may reflect connections with a patron or Artificer
lodge that allow them to occasionally "test out" such
inventions in the field. In the latter case, patrons loan
these inventions to the hero with the highest rating in
this Background. (Two of the previous books for this
game, The Artisans Handbook and Sorcerers Cru-
sade Companion, contain additional
information on Devices.)

Mentor: Of all the methods
of training Daedaleans, the "mas-

continues to intervene on your
behalfafter you enter the laby-
rinth, in some situations it
can literally mean the differ-
ence between life and death.
Unlike a patron, who might
use a cabal to fulfill one task
and then part company, a
mentor (bought with Back-

ground Points) sticks by you to the bitter end. He's
invested his time in training you, and he probably
hopes you'll eventually pass this learning on someday
to your own apprentice. Resplendents might roll against
this trait to learn about intrigues in the Order. At the
beginning of a chapter, an adept might roll against this
trait to learn one of the Inner Mysteries.

Patron: This background was first introduced in

the Swashbuckler's Handbook. A hero with the
Patron Background serves a powerful adept or

master on a long-term basis. This is
always a different benefactor

than the sponsor who gath-
ered the cabal together.
That means he's prob-
ably gotan agenda the

know about. The
patron can supply
advice or infor-
mation, but
the most
common

other heroes don't J


SLT

THE ORDER
OF REASON :

"WS

compensation is funding. In return, the patron expects
to be informed of what his rivals are doing.

At the start of each chapter of a chronicle, the
cabal should decide which patron it serves. A hero
with the Patron Background serves an additional
sponsor. In a long-term chronicle, the characters can
(and will) feel a sense of divided loyalty over which
adepts they can trust the most. For a character with
this Background, her personal patron always comes
first. Severing this relationship ends the benefits it
grants.

Resources: While math is fun (and occasionally
illuminating), heroes shouldn't have to count and
convert every librum, sous and shekel they carry.
Instead, the Resources Background gives a general
"4 indication of their financial status and wealth. This
income does not depend on the beneficence of a
patron or mentor, but it usually carries a more modest
share of obligation.

Note that most heroes don't eat, breathe and sleep
the Order of Reason's intrigues day and night. Unless
they have a patron to sponsor such activities, they
must have a visible means of support to provide their
resources, whether they politick as nobles, struggle as
merchants, serve as clergy or labor as craftsmen and
commoners. This is why they are conspirators: their
duties to the Order usually lie outside these mundane
professions.

Sanctum: In an Order of Reason chronicle, main-
taining a sanctum often requires the assistance of a
patron or mentor. If a hero doesn't have a sanctum at
the beginning of the chronicle, the benefactor may
offer one in return for her aid. If a hero has one, then
someone's got to keep it supplied and protected. If a
sanctum is so secretive that no one else in the Order
knows about it, the Storyteller must know about it at
the start of the chronicle. Don't be surprised if main-
taining its secrecy leads to a series of complications
throughout the story. By the way, if your Storyteller
allows you to pursue something that's deviant or
dangerous by the Order's standards (dissecting or

vivisecting bodies, conspiring with the House of
Olympus and so on), this background can save your
character's life.

Spies: You can hire brethren or members of the
common populace to gather information. Brethren
can be entrusted with some of the less condemning
secrets of the Order. Common spies, on the other
hand, may act without the Order's knowledge. If a
hero requires a far more skilled and Enlightened spy,
such as a highly experienced Ksirafai, he should prob-
ably be bought off with the Allies Background instead.

Asaside note, adepts who use their influence over
Connection to scry into the activities of their rivals
often employ spies as well. That way, when they're
caught with information they should be privy to, they
can (as a last-ditch effort) attribute their activities to
espionage instead of sorcery.

Optional Rule: The Sacred 27

While you're filling in dots for your Back-
grounds, you might also want to consider
where you've placed your points for Abilities.
Most players use the standard rules, deciding
whether to put 13, 9 or 5 points in Talents,
Skills or Knowledges. Which is primary? Sec-
ondary? Tertiary? Bah. Renaissance men and
women shouldn't be limited by such arbitrary
boundaries. The idea that developing physi-
cal talents precludes a hero from furthering
his scientific knowledge is so . . . medieval.

Another approach relies on the Sacred
27. With this optional rule, acharacter has 27
points in Abilities. How they're divided be-
tween the three major categories becomes
irrelevant. As usual, raising an Ability over 3
still requires Freebie Points; other than that,
you're free to dabble in what you choose.
(Now you can go straight from your fencing
school or etiquette lessons to a class at the
university. Huzzah!)


CHAPTER FIVE:
THE HERO,
REVEALED

eeay ‘
Zl Adventurous Guilds

Guilds are maintained to help resplendents mas-
ter their crafts and find work. In the true spirit of the
Renaissance, initiates and mediators may explore many
different arts and sciences, but by the time a hero fully
learns the Outer Mysteries as a resplendent, she is
usually more certain of her favorite field of study. By
maintaining correspondence with a guildhall —
whether it's located in the same city or hidden on the
other side of the continent — a hero can learn of
innovations, sense political shifts in the Order and
even find numerous avenues toward adventure and
patronage.

When a patron desperately needs a specialist, he
consults a guild. In the same manner, guilds have
experts who track down sponsorship for resplendents.
Some societies thrive on such patronage; others are
secretive, pursuing their studies in seclusion. A guild
may even be a sort of secret society, offering sanctuary
where forbidden studies can be pursued away from
vigilant rivals. When heroes are practicing advanced
arts like alchemy, astrology, or physiology, these affili-
ations can be vital.

Guilds also represent the primary resources each
Convention has. By the time a hero reaches the rank
of resplendent, the local honori no doubt see him as
very valuable. Guild membership recognizes this po-
tential. In a political struggle between secret masters,
or even Conventions, guilds are used as a way to

are required, the Mauls, Phyloxai, Sword Guild and
Resplendent Axes know where to find officers to lead
troops. Resplendents who want to improve the status
they'll have as adepts typically join guilds to show
their loyalty to their Convention, answering any call
toarms when it is given. Because of the demands of this
loyalty, a Daedalean cannot belong to more than one
guild.

Rather than contemplate all thirty guilds of the
Order of Reason, a hero would do best to learn about
the ones he is most likely to encounter in his conspira-
cies. Theoretically, a Daedalean of any guild can join

others. Before your hero sets off for adventure, she
might want to consider who her most likely compan-
ions will be.

Attificers

Forgers ("Vulcans"): The greatest inventors of 4
the Artificer Convention command lodges hidden in
the most isolated realms of Europe — they call them
forges. Under conditions of absolute secrecy, artisans
build great Works and Machinae so fantastic that the
outside world must never see them . . . until the time
is right. A Forger must spend years perfecting her craft
until she is recommended to the guild, and then she
must prove herself to the patron of the lodge, usually
by working with a cabal. An ambitious artisan consid-
ering an affiliation with the Forgers may also wish to
see the world a bit before condemning herself to a
lifetime of isolation and obscurity.

Before a Vulcan can learn the Inner Mysteries and
build visionary inventions, she must first master the

ii

Y/


construction of machines that can be used in the
presence of common folk. Gigantic, lumbering war
machines are reserved for revolutions, interdictions
and skirmishes against corrupt Chantries. These rep-
resent the most advanced arts of the Artificers. A
student, however, practices her artistry on more mun-
dane inventions.

Before a cabal undertakes a difficult task, the
members may hire an Artificer to devise a weapon or
tool tohelp them complete it. An artisan hired through
this guild may ask for enough time to build afew simple
contraptions before going into the field. A Vulcan
may be able to build such a device in a matter of days
(particularly if he has the Matter Sphere). Some
cabals have been known to attract a Vulcan who
specializes in destroying rather than building, orat least
circumventing elaborate machinery. (Fortune is an-
other useful Sphere.) More commonly, Vulcans are
approached for their technical skills or craftsmanship.
A patron may hire a Vulcan if he requires someone to
maintain the machines and Devices he grants to the
cabal. (Prime is another good option.)

Mauls ("Hammers"): Vulcans are the "anvils" of
the guild, often set within one forge for the extent of
their lives. Mauls wield their hammers wherever they
are needed most. Most work in lodge cabals trained to
guard the forges where Vulcans create masterworks.
They may also be called upon to defend engines of war
as they're moved onto the battlefield.

Owing to the nature of their work, Mauls are
inculcated with an innate mistrust of other Conven-
tions. From the earliest stages of their training and
apprenticeship, they learn that their first duty is to
protect the forges of the guild. No other warriors can
fulfill this task as well as they can. A friendly rivalry
exists between the Artificer's Mauls and other "con-
ventional" soldiers, especially the Craftmason Sword
Guild, the mercenaries of the Resplendent Axe and
the Cosians' Phyloxai.

However, the Artificers are defensive enough
about their conventional lodges that they train more

soldiers than they actually need. When the honori and
Maximi have no current need for a crusade or interdic-
tion, Mauls are encouraged to hire themselves out to
various other lodges and patrons within the Order.
They may be enlisted to fight side by side with other
military orders of the Outer Labyrinth, yet when their
own Convention's interests are threatened, they are
expected to drop all other concerns and answer their
guild's muster to battle.

Pythagorai: More than masters of mathematics,
Pythagorai are intellectuals schooled in all the matters
of the physical world. In universities and guildhalls,
they may study anything from engineering and me-
chanics to geology and geography. Resplendents worthy
of membership in this guild must master their chosen
art or science (that is, they must have four or five dots
in Science). In the true spirit of the Renaissance, their
insights into the physical world develop their philo-
sophical understanding (earning a few dots in
Metaphysics as well).

Artificers do far more than push cannons around.
Pythagorai are known for their keen intellects, ana-
lytical observations and powers of persuasion gained
from countless debates in sequestered collegia. They
also entertain classical notions about the structure of
the universe. Prime is their affinity Sphere. (As a
benefit of choosing this as your guild, youcan reroll 10s
on all Prime rolls.)

Bright Lions: Alchemy and Renaissance chemis-
try are the hallmarks of the Bright Lions. Their forges
usually include an athenor, an alchemical oven used to
devise their concoctions. With flasks and bottles, they
port about amazing fluids, powders and poultices.
(With Prime 2, they can mix these concoctions in an
athenor and use them later.) Acids eat through metal,
gases waft toxic fumes and flash powder gives off bursts
of light that earn their guild's name. (Bright Lions
reroll 10s on all Matter Effects related to alchemy and
chemistry.) Some expressly make their fortune mak-
ing substances like Abundanti's Oil, a fuel used to


f= : =|

CHAPTER FIVE:
THE HERO,
REVEALED

power the most impressive Machinae. (A note of
caution to the Errant Storyteller: if Bright Lion's arts
seem like something you can do with college chemis-
try, they're reasonable. If they seem like sorcery, they're
not.)

Celestial Masters

Daedaleans entertain a common and pernicious
stereotype regarding Celestial Masters: that of the
lone astrologer sequestering himself in a chamber
where he studies the heavens long into the night.
While it is true that any Celestial can sit in rapture
watching the skies, most believe that the purity of the
firmament above is there to inspire all those who dwell
below it. As legends tell, the Celestial Masters began
under the patronage of courts and royalty, compiling
astronomical and astrological data for the benefit of
the wealthy and powerful. Not much has changed, and
the Celestials have managed to benefit from their
interactions with Europe's ruling class. The Conven-
tion combines old traditions rooted in scientific pursuits
with the arts of diplomacy and politics.

Ze

When Celestials work with cabals, they use their
social skills as much as their astrological knowledge.
There's a reason why they decided to venture forth
from secluded observatories and planetary orreries.
They want to see the world. In addition, there's a
limited number of lodges where Celestial Masters can
further these pursuits. Not every one has access to a
massive telescope revealing cosmic and cosmological
insights. Before a Celestial is worthy of fully studying
the purity of the Void, he must prove his use to his
Convention by furthering the goals of the Order of
Reason.

The Celestial Masters often treat their adepts and
masters like hidden royalty. Some families have sup-
ported the same houses for generations, and even an
honorus may openly declare his allegiance to one.
Some Celestials travel across the continent to serve

the "nobility" of their respective guilds. A few heroes &

play a far more dangerous game: hiring the services of
their cabal to royalty and noblemen outside the Order
of Reason. They never reveal, of course, that they're
members of a centuries-old secret society, merely sci-
entists and scholars with skills to offer a sagacious
sovereign.

If a cabal succeeds in exploiting royalty, it may
bring wealth and privilege to the Order through its
intrigue. If it fails, the Order may decide to distance
itself from the cabal for a while. It's easier to abandon
a few ambitious Daedaleans than reveal the vast re-
sources at their command, suggesting that they may be
able to challenge the security of a king or queen. For
Daedaleans who orbit such royal luminaries, the Ce-
lestial Master is the pilot of their destiny who ensures
they won't get burned.

House of Daedalus: As the name of this guild
suggests, the Celestials of this house are Daedaleans
first and foremost. Heroes of this guild formally ap-
proach the best patrons they can find and use their
copious social skills to attract the best cabal they can.
Like a bright star in the night, they lead travelers

G

q
N


THE ORDER
OF REASON :

around the world. Most are far more concerned with
the advancement of the Order as a whole than any
bickering between Conventions. Although they work
most commonly with Artificers and Craftmasons, they
prefer to attract the most brilliant companions they
can find.

Just as their founders basked in the light of royal
luminaries, House Daedalus never settles for second
best. Of course, they are inculcated with the need to
live up to grand traditions. As masters of politics, they
assume that since they garner a patron's favor, they
should openly voice their opinions. They cannot help
but advise patrons, for they see themselves as the
embodiment of all proper Daedalean ideals. All other
guilds dwell in their shadow. Diplomacy prevents
them from forcing this point too far, but when patrons
ignore their advice, they speak openly of their displea-
S sure in their guildhalls.

The guild also attracts Daedaleans who work with
other heroes instead of leading them. As jacks-of-all-
trades, they master engineering and craftsmanship
quickly. A Celestial Daedalean might arduously study
the art of sailing one day and the finer points of
marksmanship the next. As supporters of the house,
many claim that the system of guilds has fragmented
the Order. Thus, they're eager to volunteer for coop-
erative cabals. If a patron needs one more resplendent
to recruit for a cabal, he'd be a fool not to contact this
guild. If he can endure a few words of advice from the
more politically minded leaders of this guild, the
suffering is worth it.

Currently, there is a cautious conflict between
House Daedalus and the High Guild. The Sun Guild
and Patron's Guild have a long-standing rivalry with
these Daedaleans. Some High Guild masters see them-
selves as the elite of the Order, and they don't care
much for ambitious Celestials who seek other sources
of funding outside the guild. The results are often
limited to friendly competition, but in a few distinc-
tive cases, High Guild patrons have begun to use their
influence among the masters and Maximi to oppose

House Daedalus. The other Conventions watch such
intrigues with reactions ranging from amusement to
disgust. Apparently, the planet isn't big enough for the
two of them. Perhaps one of them will have to leave.

House of Selene ("Cassandras"): The Celestial
Masters have a greater respect for prophecy and astrol-
ogy than any other Convention. Some Daedaleans
look askance at such mysticism, knowing it as the
trappings of subterfuge used to manipulate gullible
royalty and courtiers. Others listen attentively, for the
predictions of the Celestial Masters are often right. A
Cassandra may be recruited into a cabal when its
patron is concerned or even obsessed with an upcom-
ing eventordire potent. The Cassandra may not travel
with his conspirators in every enterprise they under-
take, but when he demands to participate, all members
of the cabal should be wary.

A few particularly heroic householders insist that
the future is not absolute. Some insist Cassandra
cursed others because she did not use her gifts directly.
Such Enlightened resplendents lead cabals devoted to
forestalling disasters, delaying prophecy and acting on
revelatory insight.

House of Prometheus: Promethean resplendents
consider themselves the elite of their Convention.
Unlike other guildsmen, they prefer seclusion and
studying the skies to dirtying themselves with the
world below. Long hours are spent studying the firma-
ment, often correlating what adepts see with
Enlightened insight. Some are certain that God will
reveal mankind's destiny in the skies. It will take a
Promethean to bring this knowledge back to mankind.
A long-standing rivalry exists between the Cassandras
and Prometheans. Many resplendents in this guild
believe that they must see the results of prophecy in
the world to confirm it. Adepts send them out to verify
their prognostications. If a hero can do this while he
has the protection of a cabal, even if it pursues other
goals, all the better.


Craftmasons

Craftmasons are known for working with brethren
and initiates far more often than other Daedaleans do.
Many fear that the Order of Reason is becoming little
more than a way for powerful masters and Maximi to
promote their own power, wealth and influence over
the interests of the "common man" they are allegedly
supposed to protect. As a result, this Convention is
one of the most self-contained, often rejecting the
political drives of the other guilds to take up causes
only a Craftmason would fight . . . and sometimes die
... touphold. This order sponsors more "conventional
cabals" than any other.

Unlike other Conventions, which allow
resplendents to join only their guilds, the Craftmasons
allow paragons of any rank to petition for membership.
Many of the brotherhoods they devise for their breth-
ren are associated with a Craftmason guild.

Stone: Someone's got to do the grunt work. Many
initiates think of the Stone Guild first when they
think of the Craftmasons. ("They're the builders,

; CHAPTER FIVE: VG,
THE HERO, Va
: i REVEALED oy:

tight?") This guild is the most visible of the seven
because their handiwork is so impressive. Under the
direction of the secret masters — and the occasional
beneficence bestowed by an altruistic patron — they
erect massive edifices for the good of the common
populace. Schools, mills, bridges, viaducts and churches
are all common projects.

Working communally, they use their command of
the Outer Mysteries to quickly erect small structures.
They spend decades constructing their masterpieces,
which last for centuries. Not surprisingly, some of
these buildings house the most significant facades and

lodges of the Order.

Scroll: Craftmasons don't just work with their
hands; they also value great minds. While other guilds
see the scholars of the Scroll Guild as reclusive and
introspective, patrons pay handsomely for their erudi-
tion. This guild is directly responsible for offering
higher education to Craftmasons, and sometimes a
lodge or brotherhood hires it to provide at least a basic
education for other Daedaleans as well.

While most Scroll scholars are content to remain
secluded in universities, classrooms and libraries, afew
wish to make a name for themselves as chroniclers to
great heroes and expeditions. Some devote their lives
researching and documenting unusual and fantastic
phenomenon. At first, they may appear as little more
than casual observers, but when an educated represen-
tative of the Scrolls speaks of his area of expertise, even
patrons sit up and take notice. History is their stron-
gest specialty — they are eager to chronicle the
evolution of the Order, even if they do tend to rework
it from their own point of view.

Coin: The High Guild builds and maintains some
of the most profitable businesses and monopolies of
the Order. By contrast, the Coin Guild has a habit of
taking on challenges High Guildsmen see as too risky
oronly marginally profitable. Oddly enough, Coinsmen
succeed about as often as they fail. Wary of becoming
dependent on the High Guild's fabulous wealth, they

\9


\\y attempt to raise enough coin to fund the Craftmason's
iW admittedly modest projects. Many are also attracted to
opportunities to build business in a struggling city or
village, measuring success not just by mere profit and
loss, but in the health of the community that sur-
rounds it.

A patron of limited means (and high ideals) may
hire a representative of the Coin Guild to help fund a
cabal's activities. He won't make a huge profit, and the
cabal won't stay in the finest inns, but a Coin Guilder
can scare up a few sous, librum or lira in some of the
oddest places imaginable.

Sword: Unlike the soldiers of other Conventions,
warriors of the Sword Guild are far more willing to
bring troops of brethren into battle. Most are skilled
4 tacticians, directing small units of highly motivated
soldiers against seemingly impossible odds. While the
Resplendent Axes of the High Guild are mercenaries
motivated by profit, the Sword Guild has a reputation
for taking up lost causes, protecting the destitute,
fighting for little more than ideals and (oddly enough)
often winning.

Level: Masters of political reform, the Levelers
situate themselves into politics, both inside the Order
and outside it. Their cabals always have agenda, often
dead set against the strictures of adepts and masters
who place their own elite society over the needs of the
people around them. Brethren of this guild are masters
at stirring up the masses and fomenting rebellion.
When honori fight over theses or adepts come to blows
over ideals, Level Guildsmen organize brethren and
force revolutions to support the Craftmasons.

Hemlock: Just as the Craftmasons have their own
healers, merchants and soldiers, they also have their
ownspies. As one would expect, they uphold the ideals
of their Convention above all others, personally work-
ing for their own adepts, masters and Maximi. They

don't have the secret training of Etfalti; instead, they

= Se fem
- Sy

rely on extensive networks of commoners. Many are
exceedingly wary of Ksirafai, sometimes risking their
own lives by investigating the Order's secret enforcers.

Arrow: Craftmasons believe the Order was estab-
lished for the benefit of the common man. The Arrow
Guild upholds this ideal more than any other. Arrows
seek out areas where commoners have been devas-
tated by plague, famine, war and similar tragedies.
They then assemble an idealistic cabal that can dedi-
cate itself to resolving problems and easing suffering.
Arrows don't react to the demands of patrons; instead,
they actively solicit support. Many have gained some
degree of financial stability by the time they become
resplendents. Rather than exploiting this edge for
personal benefit, they firmly believe that true wealth

comes from a society that values and protects all its
members.


CHAPTER FIVE:
THE HERO,
= REVEALED

High Guild

The High Guild has more patrons and adepts than
j any other Convention. While it's associated with
/ accumulating great wealth, even an initiate learns
that it also spend a great deal of it. Between costly
mercenaries, risky ventures, ambitious adventures and
beneficent patrons, the Convention spends entire
fortunes . . . and then turns a profit in the process.
Because they consider themselves the elite of the
Order, they accord their guilds with highest esteem.

Resplendent Axe: These mercenaries work for
profit, and they work only for the wealthiest patrons.
If many of these employers belong to the High Guild,
that's merely coincidence, isn't it? In any assembly of
soldiers, the Resplendent Axes are often the most
experienced, best trained and best equipped. This
often leads them to believe they outrank other soldiers
when they help Mauls guard a forge, Phyloxai protect
Cosians, or the Sword Guild orchestrate a revolt. As
one would expect, this confidence intensifies the
rivalry among those guilds, yet there is no doubt that
those who "wield" the Resplendent Axe have the skill
to back up their attitudes.

Albatross: A cabal doesn't ally with the Albatross
Guild unless it's willing to suffer for the sake of profit.
Members must agree from the start that they consider
gathering wealth for the Order as one of the reasons
they're working together. Many of their crusades in-
volve trade routes, marketplaces and expeditions to

i42\ expand the High Guild's enterprises. These merchants

were originally known as the Swan Guild, but after a
number of cooperative cabals got tired of risking their
lives for their profit margin, the guild gained a very
different reputation. Explorators who find out their
patron has put an Albatross on board may feel like
they've been cursed. When they return with a sizable
return on their profit, however, they generally feel
differently.

Rose Guild: Who needs money? Adventurers of
the Rose Guild are often born into wealth and privi-
lege but tire of lengthy discussions of how to expand
the Order's influence or fill its coffers. Not surpris-
ingly, the call to adventure leads them to alliances
with Daedaleans from other Conventions. Some use
their own fortune to support a conspiracy's activities; \
others use those of their relatives. Some relations
(grudgingly) hire the firebrand to uphold the family's
lodge or business. Rose Guilders have a reputation for
being reckless. Even other resplendents marvel at the
escapades Roses survive. Anyone who can survive asa
romantic, swashbuckling fool long enough to rise to
the rank of resplendent has earned the right to join
this guild.

other. The High Guild needs wealth to survive, and it
gets it. The guild needs cabals to develop its interests,
sometimes without the knowledge of the conspirators'
own Conventions. By hook or by crook, the High
Guild will buy loyalty. The Black Uncles dress in
somber tones for a reason. They do not act for the
benefit of the Order as a whole. Their business is
personal, and they take loyalty and betrayal very per-
sonally. Lest anyone forget, they are also encountered
as enemies to some idealistic cabals, especially con-
spiracies that further the goals of anyone other than
the High Guild.

Sun Guild: The Sun Guild demands the right to
become involved in cooperative cabals, often with the
strength of the High Guild backing it up. When a
wealthy patron has a great deal of money invested, he
may recruit a Sun Guilder as his personal representa-
tive. While each rank has its own role in a cabal, and
all resplendents should be respected equally, the High
Guild considers Sun Guilders above all that. They're


THE ORDER
OF REASON :

\\\ \ known for their leadership, command qualities and
| i) social abilities. Some are actually members of royalty,
* using their influence for the benefit of the Order. A
strong rivalry exists between the Sun Guild and the
Celestial's House Daedalus.

If the cabal is lucky, the factotum may become
sympathetic to their own needs, acting as their emis-
sary when someone has to explain why the cabal isn't
yielding the results its patron demands. An unlucky
cabal may feel as though it isn't being trusted. None-
theless, because the High Guild is wealthy and
influential enough to fund more patrons than any
other Convention, Sun Guilders are essential to man-

aging its resources.

Cosians

The Cosians have fifteen honori to oversee their
houses of healing and education around the world.
Five honori represent each of the five Cosian Houses.
Aside from any disputes between these five groups,
Cosians engage in debates about the practical applica-
tions of medical science. Castles and Covenants
introduced the idea of several different scientific fac-
tions within the Cosian Convention. Very briefly:

—Galenists ("Elementalists") rediscover the truths
of antiquity, confirming the ancient theories of schol-
ars like Hippocrates, Dioscorides, Celsus and (of course)
Galen. As students of classical languages, they search
for lost knowledge and forgotten manuscripts. Many
(though not all) are allied with the House of Books.

— Paraclesians ("Alchemists") attack such classi-
cal notions as the theory of the four elements. While
they are familiar with the four humors, they search for
an alchemical explanation to disease rather than a
purely medical one. Many remain hidden within the
House of Olympus, preferring conventional cabals to
cooperative ones. Incidentally, in the Dark Fantastic
world, we may assume that the sixteenth-century
scholar Paraclesus got his name from this secret soci-
ety, not the other way around.

— Vesalians ("Vivisectionists") perform an un-
speakable act: studying anatomy by cutting open human
bodies. Some limit their perusal to the inspection of
corpses; a few masters of their dark arts have even
found ways to reanimate them. It is rumored that many
Vesalians are protected by the infamous House of
Knives, yet even insightful Ksirafai cannot defini-
tively prove their alliances.

House of Knives: Surgeons deal with horrific dan-
gers; the academics hidden within universities consider

Ln

vey =

CHAPTER FIVE:
THE HERO,
= REVEALED

such problems mere abstractions. A cabal enlisting some-
one from the House of Knives has allied with a healer
who's willing to face the worst the world has to offer. In
a mercenary or military cabal, she would be the most
likely candidate to treat battlefield injuries. She might
also keep the vengeful mage who attacked them alive
long enough to get him back to the lodge. Many surgeons
are familiar with crude techniques like snapping bones
into place or amputating them quickly and efficiently.
Within the Order, they may have the opportunity to
study more refined and specialized techniques from the
House of Books ....ormore forbidden ones from vivisector
conspirators.

House of Books: The members of this guild take
avery scholarly approach to healing, studying classical
teachings to further their knowledge. As noted earlier,
there are many Galenists within their ranks, some
willing to offer their services as healers in exchange for
the occasional foray to recover lost knowledge. Many
are great teachers. A few are willing to aid a patron if
he can sponsor a local school or refuge for the instruc-
tion of medicine. It's assumed that such a hero would
be busy with students when not actively traveling with
her cabal. Guilders of this House are, as one would
expect, present in many of Europe's greatest universi-
ties.

House of Mandrake: This guild is ideal for a lodge
cabal, especially one tending to a very rural or agricul-
tural area. Craftmasons often favor working with this
House, since it places the needs of the common men
and women laboring in the field over the intrigues of
masters and Maximi. A patron may decide to enlist the
aid of such a benefactor when a cosmopolitan cabal
has need to travel far from home. Mandrakes are also
rumored to have rare but insightful dealings with
members of the Verbena, especially those with exten-
sive knowledge of herbs and other hedge-wise healing
techniques. Those who freely admit to such relation-

ships point out that in so doing, they are acting as
filters, allowing useful knowledge to pass through and
dispelling any superstition and possible sorcery that
may be connected to their practices.

House of Fire: At first blush, this guild may
appearas a group of specialists, but whenever plague or
disease threatens the populace, a patron may specifi-
cally enlist someone from the House of Fire to work
with his most trusted cabal. Someone must brave the
dangers of infection, collect samples, heal the suffer-
ing and find a cure before the disease spreads. There is,
of course, no reason why a member of this guild could
not work regularly with a Daedalean cabal while
waiting for news of the latest outbreak of disease.
Many healers of this house excel in every area of
medicine save surgery.

In the Dark Fantastic world, plague is a terrifying &
phenomenon. Supernatural plagues are even worse.
The common populace does not suspect that many
plagues have a supernatural cause behind them,
whether through Jhorsummoned by Euthanatoi, lashes
of the Scourge for grand acts of vanity, or unusual and
bizarre supernatural creatures ("I've never seen that
species of rat around here before. . ."). A patron may
enlist the aid of someone from the House of Fire
specifically to deal with this threat while the rest of the
cabal protects her froma panicky and fearful populace.

House of Olympus: In its basest form, alchemy is
the chemistry of the fifteenth century. We may know
of the Olympians' secretive and sorcerous studies in
advanced alchemy, but to the rest of the Order, they
are more commonly consulted as master chemists.
Mastering matter is far more important to them than
understanding the mysteries of living organisms. With
a dash and a pinch of the right chemical concoction,
they can work miracles in a flask, crucible or oven.
Unlike other Cosians, Olympians have Matter as their
affinity Sphere.


THE ORDER
OF REASON =

While there are many thrilling tales of lengthy sea
voyages to other parts of the world, they are often led
by "conventional cabals" dominated by Explorators.
For the humble and lowly cabals of the Outer Laby-
rinth, many of their travels are limited to Europe . . .
for the nonce. Cooperative cabals tend to attract two
types of Seekers more than any other: Alexandrians
and Herculinians. These are worthy of mentioning
first. Others, though equally important, participate in
more exotic and esoteric adventures.

Alexandrians: Most cabals conduct their business
in Europe, and most of their travel occurs over land, so
the Alexandrian Guild encounters cooperative cabals
quite often. Some think that once a cabal reaches its
destination, the Alexandrians' duties are fulfilled, but
that is hardly the case. Alexandrians learn to thrive in
a variety of cultures and enjoy helping their cabals
overcome any obstacle encountered there. The guild
includes many specialists in culture and language.

Herculinians: The Herculinian Compact consid-
ers itself the elite of the Explorators and, in some cases,
of the Order as a whole. No adept or master can
appoint someone to this guild. Only the members of a
Herculinian guildhouse can sponsor a candidate.
Guildsmen have little interest in completing maps,
establishing trade routes or maintaining creaky old
ships. Instead, they live reckless lives, struggling to
return with the most fantastic and unbelievable
traveler's tales the Order of Reason has ever heard.
Herculinian guildhouses are full of boasting, drinking
and singing. Great heroes compete in vast storytelling
competitions to prove they are worthy of their reputa-
tions.

The greatest Herculinians seek out the most es-
teemed and accomplished guild they can find, one
that takes on great challenges. They then convince
the guilders that they are worthy and boon compan-
ions, usually by regaling them with boasts and stories.
Many of the grandest Herculinian tales involve by-
gone beasts and other fanciful creatures the world has
thought long gone. Some are slain, some sighted, some
even captured, but in every case, the Daedalean is
seeking an accomplishment he can boast about until
the end of his days.

Usually, Herculinians in a cooperative cabal have
just returned from an epic adventure that made them
worthy of the guild's esteem. They are heroes hoping
for the next great accomplishment that will earn them
a place in the Inner Labyrinth. When odds turn
against them, they raise their companions spirits . . .
just one more time . . . by repeating the explanation of
how they bested an entire village of pygmies, made
love toa mermaid or won the treasure of the Caliph of
Omar. This may become tiresome, but a Herculinian
will never give up and won't let his companions lose
hope, either.

The Guild of Forge and Sail: Masters of ship-
building belong to the Forge and Sail. Because their


KP : :
CHAPTER FIVE:

THE HERO,
; - REVEALED );

skills are so specialized and valuable, these craftsmen _ offers a "quick route" to the rank of adept. Some even
usually belong to lodges dominated by the Seekers. If found lodges on other continents, knowing they will
a lodge lies by the sea, there's probably a Forge and Sail become the local magistrate overseeing it.

| cabal inside it. The associations are as much political
as social. The Conventions' master craftsmen are well
organized, often maneuvering for influence over the
places they work. Ifone cabal is greatly threatened, the
others can rush to its aid.

CO

Odysseans: Leave the lodge behind. The Odyssean
Guild oversees the Order's fleet of ships. While a
patron of another Convention might sponsor an expe-
dition, an Odyssean cabal does the real work. Before
leaving port, the cabal usually drafts a charter for the
benefit of all who serve on board. Odyssean mediators
are essential for overseeing the many able-bodied
brethren on such voyages.

The Order of the Grail: Heroes of this guild travel
to the "blank places on the map." Collectively, they
document and explore the world. Their guildhalls are
vast repositories of maps, logs, travel diaries and other
documentation. Guild members are experts in naviga-
tion and cartography. Their guild negotiates the wages
they get — or political compensation the Seekers
receive — for their services.

Che Ksirafai

The League of St. Paul: The Gabrielites are Like all other Daedaleans, Ksirafai can be divided
strong in Europe, but their missionaries don'thave the — into two groups: the Outer Labyrinth and the Inner
resources to travel as far as the Explorators do. The Labyrinth. The latter group is infamous, almost leg-
League of St. Paul works with both Conventions, —endary. There's a wealth of strange rumors about the

sponsoring journeys to "heathen" cultures thatdo not — members — some of themare true. Enough smoke and
recognize God's word. Many Gabrieliteshave dutiesto mirrors. Let's clear the air.

the Catholic Church that prevent them leaving the
continent for years at a time, or they may prefer to
travel with the sponsorship of the Church. By con-
trast, the League is purely independent, especially
once it leaves the restrictions of European society.
Resplendents sometimes join this guild believing it

Within the Inner Labyrinth, elite Ksirafai are
known as Etfalti, spies trained directly by the secret
masters. Some of them are driven to the brink of
insanity and back by their harsh training, which does
involve some degree of sorcery. By the time their


THE ORDER
OF REASON

S 1G

ordeals of initiation are over, they may believe that
they hear the voices of angels, speak with the dead or
other such delusions. As a result, they are fanatically
driven and quite intense. Most Etfalti work entirely on
their own or in small squads. If an Etfaltus has infil-
trated a cabal, by the very nature of his work, none of
the other conspirators know who he really is. Etfalti
place their loyalty to the secret masters above all other
alliances. Thus, they rarely "play nice" with coopera-
tive cabals.

Most Ksirafai never attain this level of training.
Instead, they study the methods of the Outer Laby-
rinth. Upon reaching the level of mediator, a Ksirafai
is usually assigned to a sect of six spies under the
) command of a house martin. Regardless of whatever
allegiance the Ksirafai has to his cabal, he must also
report to this contact. Think of him as a "personal

as a Ksirafai, he's openly stating that he's looking for
threats to his patron, an adept or the secret masters. He
may, however, choose to keep this identity secret,
benefiting from his training as a spy while posing as
someone else. Rumors suggest the Ksirafai are every-
where, and again, some of them are true.

Upon reaching the rank of adept, the Ksirafai may
become a house martin over his own network of spies,
join the ranks of the Etfalti — and thus forsake all
former allegiances and alliances save for his Conven-
tion — or assist in the administration of a lodge. In the
first case, the spy would be tempted to exploit contacts
he has made working with various cooperative cabals.
In the last case, he would still need these contacts to
help carry out his lodge's agenda. Either way, unless a
Ksirafai is abducted and driven insane by elite train-
ing, he's better off learning his arts the slow and
cautious way while working with a cooperative cabal.

Storyteller's Note: The Swashbucklers Hand-
book describes the Etfalti in greater detail. Their
training is sorcerous, their acts are often vain and their
methods are ruthless. In this book, a Ksirafai must
spend many years working for adepts before receiving

these Inner Mysteries. If you want to grant this knowl-
edge to one player and leave the others "in the dark,"
it may unbalance the game quite a bit, but the option
is there. Asan exercise for the reader, you may instead |
concoct an adventure solely for the benefit of sorcer-
ous Florenti and elite Ksirafai. Such tales are beyond
the scope of this humble book.

The Cabal of Pure Thought

In the Dark Fantastic world, the Catholic Church
is rife with corruption and conspiracy. Just as the
shadows of major cities are stalking grounds for unseen
monsters, there are sinful men occulted within one of
Europe's oldest bastions of faith and hope. By the end
of the fifteenth century, Alexander VI, the "Borgia
Pope," will become infamous for exploiting his posi-
tion within the Church for his own personal pleasure
and privilege. More elaborate alliances exist to exploit
the power and influence of the Church for the benefit
of unseen forces. Fortunately, it is also a world where
Enlightened men and women have insights into the
workings of the supernatural. They oppose it in ways


CHAPTER FIVE:
THE HERO,
= zi REVEALED

even the Inquisition does not suspect and cannot
reproduce.

When the Convention of the Ivory Tower was
first convened in 1325, representatives from the Cabal
of Pure Thought showed up unannounced. Because
they were insightful enough to uncover the conspiracy
among the other eight Conventions, the fledgling
Order was hardly ina position to refuse their demands.
Cabals often wonder which side benefits most from
this alliance . . . and which is being exploited more.
Stories are told of the Maximi making large donations
to the Church to ensure the Gabrielites complicity;
other tales are related of the Church demanding the
Order's assistance when it is required. The Outer
Labyrinth does not know which statement is correct,
nor does it matter.

§aith in the Dark Fantastic
World

As a disclaimer, please remember: The
Church in Sorcerers Crusade is not the
Catholic Church of our world. Some of the
events in the game may be loosely based on
the history of our world, but this should be
taken as dark fantasy. Tales herein are not
intended to be a criticism of the Catholic
Church or the Christian faith. To be respect-
ful, Storytellers should remember that the
Gabrielites marshal both Doves and Falcons.
Even during the height of the Inquisition,
there are a great many priests (and even
soldiers) who preach peace and compassion.
Anything less is a crude and undeserved
stereotype of a religious belief.

Gabrielites are more concerned with the plight of the
common man than "shadow crusades" against heresy,
sorcery and the occult. If the Order was established to
protect the common populace, then perhaps they
should have some sympathy for the lives they lead.
The Illustrious often work with various guilds of
Craftmasons, particularly the Arrow Guild. They tend
to have little patience for self-serving merchants in {
the High Guild. The Illustrious are ideally suited to
lodge cabals, as they may spend years learning what
the local farmers and the poor notice. As such, they
can gather far more useful information from these
"commoners" than merchants, rogues or sheltered
academics ever will. Most come from very poor back-
grounds themselves and would never dare take the
Order's benevolence for granted.

Poenitenti ("Doves of Christ"): The image of all
Gabrielites as violent, vengeful and intolerant crusad-
ersis insulting, to say the least. Enlightened Christians
are not all violent, just as Tradition mages, witches,
warlocks and sorcerers are not all "evil." Granted, the
"fire and brimstone" crusader is often far more visible,
and far more vocal, than the peaceful priest of the
Poenitenti crusade. The Doves of Christ bring about
change with less brutal methods.

The Doves comprise a conspiracy within the
Catholic Church, one that is aware of the presence of
magic and the supernatural but dares not disclose what
it has learned to the Inquisition or other agencies
within the Church. The Gabrielites are involved in far
more than seeking out "evil." Missionaries spread the
word of God to distant lands. Scholars and healers
within the Church nourish minds, bodies and souls.
More important, faithful monks and novices attend to
the crays and lodges maintained by the Cabal of Pure
Thought. The Church does not realize the power such
places hold, but as long as the curia who live there
perform their duties, they often do not notice.


THE ORDER
OF REASON :

Those who take up the sword are far better suited
for the Venatores — Poenitari may arm themselves for
self-defense, but their God is a just and benevolent
God. Doves who work with a cabal of Daedaleans are
typically scholars, healers and diplomats. (William of
Baskerville, from Umberto Ecco's Name of the Rose,
provides an excellent model for a temperate and
scholarly monk.) It is rare for one of these Enlightened
scholars to work with one cabal for long, as their
obligations to the Church take priority over the time
they spend with the Order. A few Doves formally
abandon their religious duties, especially when they
conflict with crusades they consider far more impor-
tant. Doves of this sort are typically well educated and
reverent, asking little in the way of living accommo-
dations and compensation and working with the same

fervor they displayed in their former lives.
: Do not think, however, that the Doves are as

\ -Z unites many faiths — Christians, Jews, Mithraists,

Gnostics, Zoroastrians — reflecting upon the many
faces of God as many aspects of "the One." By contrast,
all Doves have one thing in common: their unswerv-
ing belief in the precept of "One God, One World,
One Church." A Dove may disagree with the Inquisi-
tion against witchcraft in the late fifteenth century,
but that certainly does not mean he will accept the
idea that there is any God but the One God.

More important, the thought of Daedaleans se-
cretly practicing sorcery within the Order is chilling.
A Dove often prefers cautious methods to resolving
such threats to the consequence of unleashing Gabriel's
Falcons... or even worse, drawing the attention of the
Inquisition to the Order of Reason. Vigilance and
reason are far more effective methods of seeking out
apostasy than inquisitions with sword and flame. The
Doves use gentle methods, fearing the direct force of
the Falcons and, even more so, the madness and
destructive might of the Inquisition.

Venatores ("Falcons of Gabriel"): It is an unfor-
tunate fact of life in the fifteenth century that men and
women distrust what they do not understand. By the
end of the century, the Inquisition formally announces

its intentions to root out heresy and witchcraft. Once
the flames are fanned, many innocents are destroyed
by the resulting conflagration. Hidden from history,
crusaders find other things they can't understand, |
from creatures of the night to rampaging shapechangers.
Asa result of the rapid change of the era, anyone who
differs overly much from the archetypal "common
man" may find himself consumed by the flames as well.

The conditions provide many opportunities for
crusading against the unknown. The Gabrielites are a
religious order granted enough independence and
autonomy from the Catholic Church to enforce God's
justice. They don't call themselves Daedaleans, how-
ever — Daedalus is a figure from Greek myth, not a
holy man from the Church's epic history. Yet Daedalus
and Gabriel work together. The Order of Reason
shows respect for the Church's might and majesty, and
the Gabrielites know that the Order is too useful not to
have as an ally.

The Falcons of Gabriel have enough power and
privilege within the Order to destroy heresy when they
see it. If you like, think of them as the Renaissance
descendants of the Knights Templar . . . or an autono-
mous branch of the Inquisition. They are the eyes and
ears of the Cabal of Pure Thought, powerful allies with
the Order of Reason. As full partners in the Order,
they fervently believe in maintaining faith, orthodoxy
anda respect for the divine in their activities. Cabals
do not often accept a watchful representative of the
Gabrielites through choice. If a Falcon watches over
them, it is either because of some doubt among the
adepts or Maximi or because they have marshaled
enough power to demand a representative within the
cabal. The Falcons are well known for their hatred of
sorcery, and their presence may be taken as evidence
of suspicions directed against the cabal.

Even when the cabal secures a powerful patron,
the Gabrielite in the conspiracy must still answer to a
representative within his own religious order. If the
cabal pursues a task the Cabal of Pure Thought does
not approve, the Gabrielite must then lead an inter-
diction against his former allies. If the conspiracy is
discreet, however, it has nothing to fear.


7
are
BO

Neays®

CHAPTER FIVE:
THE HERO,
REVEALED

As any craftsman or artisan knows, the right job

| requires the right tool. While Daedaleans aren't as

dependent on technology as their twenty-first-cen-
tury counterparts, a wise patron provides a cabal with
everything it needs to further his agenda. Conspiracies
are motivated by a wide assortment of rewards —
room, board, wealth, social connections, well-stocked
laboratories, opportunities for adventure and so on —
but some Daedaleans are content to have access to
some of the most fantastic Devices the Order of
Reason can construct.

If a Daedalean has
one of these inventions,
it's usually at the be-
hest of his patron,
whether that person is
the master of his lodge
or Convention, a
wealthy "Black Uncle" or
the leader of his expedi-
tion. Owning sucha valuable
piece of equipment is usually
predicated upon continued ser-
vice to the patron. If the hero, for
whatever reason, fails to live up
to his duties, forsakes his pa-
tronage or even betrays his
sponsor, he may be asked
to relinquish the De-
vice. If he refuses,
then perhaps a
Ksirafai will rush f
in and acquire it
by other means.

Enlightened
Devices are usually
exotic and com-
plex enough that
only Daedaleans
can operate them.
There's no twen-

&
i

depends on instinct as much as scientific training. A
few clever Artificers have been known to loan out
their more "experimental" equipment for a few weeks,
sometimes without warnings of the Device's flaws.
The gift of a firearm should be weighed very carefully.
So should the powder you put within one, just in case. \

Devices and Prime

Matter deals with mundane machines; Prime is
necessary for advanced inven-
tions, including Devices. Asa
Device is used, it wears down.
Because the machine is ex-
perimental, parts of it are

Te

Py

plain temperamental. With
some vehicles, the
machine's Quintessence
represents a rarefied "fuel"
(such as the Abundanti's
Oil mentioned in this and
other books). For other ma-
chines, burning
Quintessence represents the
fact that experimental inven-
tions require a lot of
maintenance and adjustment.
Each time a Device is
used, it "burns" a point of
\ Quintessence. A crafts-
man with Prime 3 doesn't
go through a mystical
ritual to "recharge"
Quintessence; instead,
increasing the Device's
Quintessence may rep-
resent the fact that it's
being recalibrated, re-
aligned, adjusted and
maintained. Ordinary,
mundane machines, of

delicate, "jury-rigged," or just LSJ

Wa

= Saw


ips

THE ORDER
OF REASON :

a

course, don't require this degree of attention. (Large or
elaborate Devices, like vehicles, may require more
than one Quintessence per use; this should be duly
noted in the item's description.)

When a Daedalean uses a Device, he makes an
"activation" roll using the Device's Arete. The diffi-
culty is usually the level of the Device +3. Only one
success is necessary. At the Storyteller's discretion, if
a hero botches his Arete roll while activating a De-
vice, the invention might break down instead of
inflicting Scourge on the user. At the end of the
chapter, a craftsman with Prime 4 can get it working
again, "straightening it" of its Scourge so that it's
useable in the next chapter.

Only a Daedalean can make this activation roll. In
a few rare circumstances, a Device may be manufac-
tured so well that even one of the brethren may use it.
Optionally, a brethren may require proper condition-
ing, perhaps established with Mind 3, to pull this off.
In game terms, the inventor's influence over Prime
makes this possible. Such innovations should always
be noted in Devices' descriptions.

One of the reasons Artificers study the Outer
Mysteries for so long is to perfect the art of subtle
Devices. Admittedly, some of these inventions are a
little ahead of their time. Again, as a general rule, ifan
invention existed within fifty years of the current time
of your chronicle, it shouldn't bestow a Scourge point
on the user—unless, of course, it has some additional
effect that warrants it! More advanced inventions,
such as flying machines, always bestow a Scourge
point when they're activated. In extreme cases, at the
Storyteller's discretion, sufficiently advanced tech-
nology won't work at all. In other words, if the
Storyteller thinks the Renaissance world isn't ready
for, say, telephones, consider them too advanced to
work under the current rules of reality.

Alchemical Devices

Sometimes alchemists cook up concoctions that
are meant to be used only once. This process is usually
aconjunctional Effect done with Prime 2 and another
Sphere. Alchemists devise these in a chemical oven

common approach involves sealing the concoction in
a flask; when the glass is broken, the Effect goes off.
Using Crafts, the alchemist might manufacture a flask
with two separate chambers. When the glass is shat-
tered, the two mixtures interact for the desired Effect.
Matter 2/Prime 2 may produce an incendiary powder;
Life 2/Prime 2 might result in a vaporous gas that
induces sleep.

These one-use Devices — potions, poultices and
concoctions — are much easier to make than war
machines or weaponry. An alchemist with the right
Spheres crafts the container, spends a day mixing the
right chemicals and spends a Willpower point. The
process ends with an Arete roll, usually against a
difficulty of the highest Sphere involved +3. The

concoction works once, then dissipates.

Mass Destruction Rules

At the other end of the scale, a few magnificent
Devices capable of mass destruction carry their own
Scourge Pool. This applies to many devastating weap-
ons like the famed "Craftmason's Pistol," seige engines,
Cathayan rockets, and so on. Some are equipped with
"fail-safes" for common breakdowns; others are re-
markably unstable. Each time one of these Mass
weapons is used, the Device gets a point of Scourge
instead of the user. Not all weapons of this type use
these rules; some are so brutal or advanced that the
artisans will get Scourged anyway.

Ifahero botches his activation roll when using the
Device, and there are fewer than 5 points in the
Scourge Pool, the machine simply breaks down. A
craftsman with Prime 4 can repair it later by working
on it fora full week, usually at the end of a chapter in
achronicle. If there are 5 or more Scourge points in the
Device during the botch, expect the weapon to ex-
plode. Roll fora Scourge Backlash, inflicting one level
of damage on the user for each success. Don't bother
trying to repair it afterward. Really big backlashes,
with ten dice or more in the Scourge Pool, may inflict

damage to everyone around the user, as described in
the main rulebook.


© Magnifying Glass
Arete 1, Quintessence 5
At the scene of a crime, it never hurts to look a bit

/ closer for clues. A common clod couldn't deduce what

had happened in a room based on minutiae like
scratches, footprints, scuff marks and ink stains, but
one of the Enlightened can make sense out of the
chaos of such a place.

[System: With at least one success, the Storyteller
might hint at one clue that's significant without re-
vealing what it means. Three successes reveal a
seemingly trivial fact about the events that occurred
there. Five successes give a clear picture of one aspect
of a larcenous suspect's appearance, habits or modus
operandi. For many excellent examples of how this
may work, go straight to The Name of the Rose. Even
though the story is set two centuries earlier, the meth-
ods of investigation are still valid. (Another excellent
film example of Renaissance investigation is The Ad-
vocate.) At the Storyteller's discretion, a character
without Investigation should get a +2 difficulty to his
initial Arete roll when activating this Device.

To prevent players from circumventing entire
mysteries with a piece of equipment, the Device "burns
off' 1 point of Quintessence each time it is used and
can be used only once per location. If you want more
information, you'll have to rely on your character's
own powers of observation. Unlike many other De-
vices, the Quintessence is recharged by a Meditation
scene (see chapter 2) at the end of the chapter; the
character sits and ruminates on what he has learned
from the investigation.]

Shattered Lenses

Arete 1, Quintessence 5

Villages ravaged by plague. Jhor-tainted fields by
moonlight. Haunts and Chantries of ghosts and
Euthanatoi. The Dark Fantastic world harbors secret
places where the restless dead stalk the living. Ghosts
seek vengeance from beyond the grave, and corpses
rise from moldering soil to feast on human flesh. The
Gabrielites, Cosians and even Ksirafai have their own
explanations for why human bodies may reanimate

CHAPTER FIVE: f=
THE HERO, Va
REVEALED ) :

after burial, but the other Conventions are concerned
with a more immediate question: "How do we hunt
them down and destroy them?"

Shattered Lenses are spectacles designed to aid in
finding these spectral apparitions. Explanations of
how they function vary widely; the most common deal
with the "body temperature" of these shambling abomi-
nations and the chemical traces they leave behind.
The lenses consist of a series of cracked prisms that
reveal the proximity of undead, spiritual, spectral or
ghostly creatures.

[System: A hero with Fortune won't need this
Device. For any other Daedalean, roll Arete (difficulty
4). The Storyteller may require a Daedalean using this
Device to have the Occult Ability; otherwise, the
character may not understand what he is seeing be-
yond the fact that "something's out there." If the hero
doesn't have this Ability, you may decide to add a +2 J
difficulty to his Arete roll to activate the Device
instead.]

ee Ear of Dionysus

Arete 2, Quintessence 10

Someone's listening. The Ear works like the Effect
of the same name, but any Enlightened spy or investi-
gator can use it. It's actually an ear trumpet, an "aural
telescope" that allows you to hear sounds at a distance.
A series of chambers at one end amplify the sounds
that come in from the cone at the other end by
bouncing them around over and over. (It has some-
thing to do with acoustics. Aren't those Artificers
clever?) Of course, the sounds you hear are somewhat
murky and dissonant, but you're discerning enough to
figure them out.

[System: Heroes with Forces 2 don't really need
this Device. Any other Daedalean can roll Arete
(difficulty 4) to use the Ear for one scene. If you botch
on your Enlightenment "activation roll," you'll either
get a very botched impression of what was said or
perhaps find something nearby that's far more inter-
esting and diverting. See the Ear of Dionysus Effect for
more ideas.]


THE ORDER
OF REASON

¢¢ Diana's Arrows

Arete 2, Quintessence 10

Anarcher with this device has a quiver of arrows,
bolt of quarrels or brace of throwing knives of excep-
tionally fine balance and accuracy.

[System: At the beginning of a scene of combat,
the user makes an Arete roll (difficulty 5). Each
success translates into a -1 difficulty with all attacks
with those missiles for the rest of the scene. With at
least one success on a Perception + Archery (for
arrows or bolts) or Athletics (for knives), the charac-
ter can find and retrieve them later. Unfortunately,
each time this is done, one of the missiles is lost;
subtract | from the device's Quintessence. This De-
vice cannot be used in conjunction with any other rote
or Effect that reduces the "chance to hit," and (as
= usual) under no circumstance can the difficulty for the

roll be reduced below 4.]

© Craftmason Pistol

Arete 3, Quintessence 15

When Craftmasons are heavily armed, other
Daedaleans become very polite. The mete threat of a
revolution among the common populace is usually
enough to shift political views in a lodge. When the
Master Masons are suddenly equipped with exotic
firearms, such differences are usually resolved before
long. The Craftmason's Pistol isan egalitarian weapon:
because it is equipped with multiple barrels, one lone
soldier can stand up to multiple oppressors and tyrants
at once.

Usually, the barrels are fired one at a time — a
casual use of the firearm — but a small notch on the
side of the barrel is specifically designed to fit a
handheld crank. When turned at precisely the right
speed (which often varies due to a host of factors, from
humidity to ammunition), several barrels are fired at
once. Of course, improper use causes a massive explo-
sion as all of the charges of gunpowder ignite at the
same time, launching bits of shrapnel in every direc-
tion. A valiant martyr might even make use of this
defect, possibly taking out a few of his attackers with
him.

NGS
[System: Time 3 allows a Daedalean to fire off FRSA

several shots in one turn. Roll Arete (difficulty 6).
Each success after the first increases the weapons "rate
of fire" by one shot per round; this lasts for the rest of \
the scene. Each round, all of these attacks must be
directed at the same target. The device is not precise
enough to allow modern-era rules for techniques like
burst fire, area effect, snapshots and similar nonsense.
There's a trade-off: the weapon doesn't have recoil
penalties. The base statistics for range, damage and so
on are the same as for a wheel-lock pistol.

This popular item gets to use the Mass Destruction
tules. The Craftmason Pistol has its own Scourge Pool.
Grant it 1 Scourge point for each scene it is used. These
weapons are always loaned to the Daedaleans who use
them. At the end of the chapter, the hero can return
the Device to the Daedalean who loaned it to him for
repairs.

If the hero botches on one of the Arete rolls before
then, the weapon breaks down. If there are 5 or more
points in the Scourge Pool, the weapon also inflicts
damage on the user. Roll as for a Scourge Backlash,
and remember, with enough successes, it explodes
catastrophically enough to also injure anyone within
five yards. Otherwise, if the weapon doesn't blow to
pieces, maintenance takes a full week. At the end of
this time, the weapon has been "straightened" of its
Scourge.

Because these items are rare and experimental,
only one hero in a cabal can purchase a weapon with
Background Points. If the Device explodes, the
Daedalean may be judged incautious. At the
Storyteller's discretion, the Background Points are
lost and the hero can't gain access to another
Craftmason's Pistol. In other words, use it sparingly! If
you feel the need to equip all Daedaleans with ma-
chine guns, you may want to switch back to a more
modern game.]

eee Hermes's Carriage

Arete 3, Quintessence 15

More than a mere coach and horses, this vehicle
is suitable for the royalty of the Order . . . or at least


THE HERO,
= REVEALED

CHAPTER FIVE: e —— VA",
AWal

| those who do their bidding. It holds up to five heroes
comfortably, or twice as many uncomfortably. The
Device is usually on loan from someone in the Inner
Labyrinth. This worthy is kind enough to supply the
two brethren who act as drivers, lookouts and stable
hands. The combination of expert drivers, well-trained
horses and expert engineering always grants it the
benefit of the Shortcut Effect under applicable condi-
tions.

[System: See the Shortcut Effect in chapter 3.
Burn 1 Quintessence each time this Effect is used; this
is one of the few vehicles that doesn't actually involve
a "fuel." Recover Quintessence at the end of each
chapter of the chronicle if someone at the lodge can
"maintain and repair" the vehicle with a Prime 3 roll.]

eeee Ixos Acid

Arete 4, Quintessence 20

Need to get rid of a body ina hurry? Is there some
evidence you really should destroy, at least to preserve
the sanity of the innocent around you? We under-
stand. This flask of acid will eat through just about any
living tissue and can even destroy some minor bits of
physical evidence. Use it carefully, since you've only
got twenty doses. Destroying a letter takes one dose;
rotting a body takes five; damaging all the books on a
bookshelf take ten. Anyone who needs to use all
twenty doses at once is too much of a reckless fool to
ever be trusted with Ixos Acid again. If you fulfill your
patron's wishes accordingly, he might be able tosmuggle
in some more acid for your flask, but only in small
doses. We'd hate to think what would happen if this
stuff got into the wrong hands.

[System: Liquid Entropy 4 eats through almost
anything. Burn off a point of Quintessence for each
charge you use. If the substance is especially resistant,
you may want to burn Quintessence to reduce the
difficulty of your initial Arete roll. If you run out, your
patron may return the flask to someone who can refill
it. This may be done once per chapter (using the Prime
3 Effect: Maintain Device) until someone catches you
using it in an indiscreet manner. After that, your

Zan

supply dries up. The results of Ixos Acid appear vain
enough that it's regarded as a "sorcerous" attack. The
Order treats it like an illicit substance and punishes
anyone found carrying it.

Oh, and if you should happen to throw this acid in
someone's face, calculate the damage as you would an
Entropy 4 attack. Then dispose of the flask. Once the
Cabal of Pure Thought finds out you've got access to
a supply of this stuff, the resulting investigation will
force your patron's supplier into hiding. Accordingly,
he'll never trust you with the stuff again.]

eeeee Wings of Icarus

Arete 5, Quintessence 25

You can fly, but with great risk. Flying devices are
temperamental, usable under very controlled condi-
tions. Oddly, for reasons most heroes can't define or &
explain, they don't seem to work properly when the
common populace is watching.

The Wings are based on the design of a Cathayan ‘J
one-man kite. The valiant (or foolish) hero clutches
at the wooden frame, angles the paper wings to catch
a breeze and rises off the ground, sometimes after
running or leaping off a cliff. This not only requires an
Arete roll, but always grants the hero a Scourge point.
Itis vain. Even then, the attempt is always made under
conditions of secrecy at night. Curiously enough, the
warmth of the sun seems to have an extremely adverse
effect on Icarus's wings — they don't work during the
day.

A longrope trails from the back of the kite to areel
on the ground so that the Device may be brought back
down later. Without this accessory, the foolish hero
must make another roll (using the Device's Arete) to
land successfully. It's better not to take the risk.
Maneuvering the kite is perilous, for there is no
Daedalean ability suitable for controlling it. Even a
shift in the wind can risk a terrifying plunge. The
advantage may be well worth it, though: from a great
height, the hero can survey God's creation for many
leagues. Just don't fall prey to the temptation of soar-
ing too high.


THE ORDER
OF REASON

[System: Leaving the ground requires an Arete
roll. It's vain without witness, and the hero must take
a Scourge point. Any maneuver requires an Arete roll.
Landing requires an Arete roll. If you get three suc-
cesses, you stay off the ground. If you fail, you fall.
Alternatively, a Storyteller may decide a particular
maneuver may require more or fewer successes, but
that's a topic for another book.

Keep this in mind: even Ksirafai don't have ad-
vanced training for maneuvering flying machines.
Survival depends on a rickety construction of wood
and paper. Incidentally, you had best stay hidden. If
someone sees you flying on the Wings of Icarus, take
another Scourge point. What you're doing is simply
) impossible. Renaissance reality wants you to stay on
the ground.]

eeeee Arachne's Web

Arete 5, Quintessence 25

If a second Daedalean is willing to spend an
additional 5 Background Points, he has begun to |
master the mechanism of the reel for the Wings of
Icarus. Add on a few extra strings, pulleys and cross-
pieces, and you'll have a contraption convoluted
enough to be called Arachne's Web. While the hero
helps maneuver the kite from the ground with slender,
barely noticeable silken threads, he can work with the
aerial pilot. With the skill of a veritable puppeteer, he
can help the kite dive into cloud banks, maneuver it
around trees and so on.

[System: If a pilot botches the Wings' Arete roll,
his companion has a second chance to keep it from
falling with Arachne's Web. She makes an Arete roll,
difficulty 8, to snap the threads taught and maneuver
the kite so that it doesn't smash into the ground.]


G

; = REVEALED oy:
= DaedaleanCemplates ArtificerArcher

and Examplars

The fastest way to learn a game is to play it, and
template characters can help launch a chronicle right
away. As long as the Storyteller has enough plot for a
session or two, she can pass out a few of these Daedalean
templates, hand around the Sphere summaries in
chapter 2, set aside a few moments to look up Effects
in chapter 3 and start the game. Templates are also
ideal for a new player who wants to sit in for a session

6) or two. Because of the structure of the Order of

Reason, a patron (as portrayed by the Storyteller) may
want to enlist the aid of these heroes for a session or
two until the players have a stronger feel for the game.
After all, playing Sorcerers Crusade does not require
amastery of Renaissance history ora degree in philoso-
phy. The game starts here.

For each hero, we've included a list of
suggested Abilities and her highest At-
tributes, along with one possible approach
to her Enlightened arts. Please note that
these are only suggestions; they're here to
inspire you, not limit you. During character
creation, Daedaleans purchase six dots of
Spheres, but we've listed only the first three
or four to get you started and left the rest up
to you. You can either decide which extra
gifts and knacks are especially appropriate
for your interpretation based on our "sug-
gested rotes," or (if you like) scrap all of our
suggestions and strike out on your own.
These visionaries aren't limited by conven-
tional thought. Why should you be?

Prelude: You carry a pistol for the gravest emer-
gencies, but from an early age, you've felt far more
comfortable with a solid yew bow and a quiver of
handmade arrows. From your humble beginnings, you
hunted to help keep your family fed. As you grew older,
you trained as a soldier and saved a few coins for your
parents' old age. Because of your immense skill, the
commander of your unit decided to teach you the art
of the crossbow. When you started to tinker more with
its mechanisms, you gained the attention of his com-
mander.

The elite of the unit were sent to guard a labora-
tory hidden in the depths of the woods. Your initiation
included a competition between all of the marksmen
present— you amazed them all with your keen eye and
steady hand. Over the years that followed, you kept &
the watch fires burning and looked down your arrows
at shadowy and furtive things skulking in the darkness
you couldn't identify . .. and didn't want to watch too
closely.

Concept: Now your assignment is as a bodyguard
toagroup of eccentric scientists and scholars. They are
intensely preoccupied with subjects you don't under-
stand—and don't care to— but your primary concern
is keeping them safe and your crossbow handy. As a
mediator, you work closely with the brethren and
initiates and you sympathize with them more than the
strange fellows you've been hired to protect. Amaz-
ingly enough, some of the resplendents you encounter
seem to have little care for the fate of these soldiers
who protect them, and that really grates on your
nerves.

Roleplaying Hints: You've seen things in the
distance that you don't understand, things that by all
rights really shouldn't exist. But if you do your job
right, you'll never have to see them face to face. It's far
better to shoot first and ask questions later. Let the
scholars get up close and personal with such mysteries;


THE ORDER
rss OF REASON
aS

you'd rather live to see another day. Perhaps if
you understood why your companions pur-
sued such esoteric interests, you'd feel a bit
better about moving in closer and drawing
your pistol. But for now it's better to watch
their backs from a safe and comfortable
distance!

Highest Attributes: Stamina, Percep-
tion

Suggested Abilities: Archery, Firearms
(Secondary), Awareness, Survival
S Enlightenment: Mediator (Arete
C 2; Forces 2, Connection 1)

Freebie Points: 8

Suggested Rotes: Targeting
(Connection 2), Tamping
<j (Forces 2), Dark-Adapted Eye
(Forces 2), Tension (Forces 2)

Daemon (Questing): A
¥ shadowy figure lurking in the
night, just outside the wan illumina-
tion of your campfire.

Cosian Surgeon

Prelude: Your education has been
conducted on the battlefield. Child-
hood is like a distant memory to you
with visions of golden summer days
and helping your mother tend her
garden. Then war broke out and your
life was changed forever. You've never
really cared who was fighting whom,
only that there were victims in need of
assistance. Throughout your life, you
have been surrounded by the stench of {f
death and the cries of the dying.

Asan apprentice to a field surgeon,
you've learned by watching him tend
to the victims of war, not by reading
dusty old tomes written by long-
bearded scholars. Long after the


= CHAPTERFIVE: | ASS
ve) THE HERO, —ROOPOCEO

survivors had gone tosleep, you were also bold enough
to poke about on your own. Steeling your nerve, you
secretly went about learning more about the human
form by dissecting the bodies awaiting burial. You've
been caught only once, but fortunately, your captors
worked for the House of Knives. They've taken you in,
but you wouldn't dare leave them anyway — other
healers would consider you an immoral monster.

Concept: Like many Cosians, you're eager to
travel wherever your help is needed most. Because
you're so inured to suffering, this includes the occa-
sional foray into villages hit by plague, battlefields
where no one is safe, or shadowy places with unspeak-
able creatures straight out of legend. Lately you've
heard tale of Cosians witnessing the reanimated dead
and the necromancers who command them. While
such tales horrify you, a grim fascination compels you
to investigate further. Someday, you'll ask your cabal
to stand beside you on such an adventure. For the time
being, you set their bones straight, bind their wounds
and earn their trust.

Roleplaying Hints: To your cabal and the outside
world, you appear as a capable surgeon. Any experi-
ments you conduct in dissection and vivisection must
be done in private. Others consider your willingness to
work on burial detail an admirable trait of a zealous
idealist, but you're just waiting for the few minutes you
need to extract a few secrets from the corpses that
remain. You've seen many young men waste their lives
in pointless war. Perhaps in death, they may be of some
greater use.

Highest Attributes: Wits, Manipulation

e is Suggested Abilities: Larceny, Subterfuge, Stealth,
Lun Medicine, Occult, Science

y Enlightenment: Mediator (Arete 2; Life 2, Matter
2, Fortune 1)

Freebie Points: 8

Suggested Rotes: Balance Humors (Life 2), Rapid
Healing (Life 2), Danse Macabre (Fortune 1)

Daemon (Primordial): When you first practiced
your arts of dissection, you were fascinated by the
processes of putrefaction and decay. Your Enlighten-
ment came to you when a body you thought was dead
bolted upright and began muttering. The frightening
part was that you actually understood what the corpse

was saying. To this day, your daemon continues to \

speak to you through the shattered bodies of the dead.

Craftmason Occultist

Prelude: Your peers think your research is frivo-
lous and consider your so-called "scholarly pursuits" to
be esoteric and not in the least bit academic. Perhaps
this is for the best. In perusing dusty tomes and reading
crumbling manuscripts, you have slowly assembled

irrefutable evidence that the mysteries of the super-

natural are quite real. On several occasions you have
read late into the night, long after the corridors of the
university library were empty, assembling the pieces of
the puzzle that might confirm your theories. Now,
armed with the light of knowledge, you are ready to
venture forth into the darkness and study in person
what you have only read about in books.

The path you have taken in your studies has made
your academic life difficult at best, but you had to
overcome quite a bit of adversity to achieve your
career. You are no stranger to difficulty. As a student,
you helped pay your tuition by laboring for long hours
amidst stacks and stacks of books. Your professors
found your fascination with the occult to be laughable
and considered you to be quite unsuited for serious
scholarly research. However, the master librarian
happened to have a passing interest in the topic, and
after many long late-night conversations, you earned
his trust. After you confessed to the terrible dreams
that had kept you up late at night, you were introduced
to the Order and soon earned initiation. Since then
you have learned so much more, but chronic insomnia
forces you to redouble your efforts as an ardent and
intense scholar.


THE ORDER
OF REASON

Concept: You have allied with the Craftmasons' Scroll Guild, ready
to relate what you have learned to patrons who can give you what you
require in life. All you need is access to rare and fascinating books on the
occult and the opportunity for practical field research. Maybe someday
you will be able to publish a treatise upon the mysteries you have
witnessed. While only a handful of scholars will be able to decipher
what you have written, you are ready and willing to accept this as the
fate of a true academic.
Roleplaying Hints: Seek the truth, no matter what the cost.
Others may be content to read it secondhand, but you've been
overwhelmed by a need to see it face to face. Your cabal
considers youa modest little woman who dutifully chronicles
everything it does, but that vantage point allows you to pose
difficult questions no one else would dare voice. You have
become a confidante, and as your companions continue to
share with you, they reveal some shocking stories . . .
Highest Attributes: Perception, Intelligence
Suggested Abilities: Alertness, Awareness, Medita-
tion, Firearms (Secondary), Enigmas, Investigation, Occult
Enlightenment: Initiate (Arete 1; Mind 1, Spirit 1,
Prime 1)
Freebie Points: 8
Suggested Rotes: Midnight Oil (Prime 1), Cypher Wheel
(Mind 1), Inquisitor (Prime 1), See No Evil (Spirit 1)
Daemon (Pattern): You have horrible recurrent night-
mares of unspeakable creatures. Although you manage to

identify and examine them in your dreams, upon waking, the
details always elude you.

Seeker Coachman

Prelude: You've been to hell and back . . . almost
literally. When you were a child, your father worked as
a coachman, and by the time you were sixteen, you
rode by his side, bow and quiver handy. Then one
night, while pushing the horses on a long journey
through the forest, you were caught off guard by
strange singing and an eerie, mocking laughter.
Maybe it was the Fair Folk. Although, if it was,
you know you wouldn't have been able to
decipher their taunting words. You spurred
the horses onward to escape the infernal


CHAPTER FIVE:
THE HERO,
REVEALED

music, but the carriage struck a log in the road, and
your father was thrown to the ground. Before your very
eyes, the trees stretched forth their branches, entan-
gling your father and dragging him screaming into the
dark. When the trees reached out again, you cracked
the whip and the horses ran like the fires of hell were
behind them. In the dim haze of morning, exhausted
and consumed with grief, you hada vision of holy light
in the distance and drove the horses toward it until you
collapsed.

1, sleeping under bridges
and in your coach, scoring a few coins by giving a ride
to needy travelers. Then Dame Fortune led you to a

For years you wandere

wealthy patron who changed your life forever. Al-
though you didn't know it at the time, his estate was
a lodge of the High Guild, and through his generosity
and providence, you gradually learned to put the
whole nightmare behind you. You learned about the
Order of Reason and its work to chase away the
shadows of the supernatural. Proceeding from brother
to initiate to mediator, you've risen in the ranks and
come to appreciate a regular income. Nothing scares
you anymore . . . so long as the sun shines.

Concept: You have no home, but in the Order you
may have found one. After years of driving a coach
through the darkest and foulest places of Europe,
you've dedicated yourself to one patron and one lodge.

To others you are a means to an end, a way to get from
their retreats to the most dangerous places on the
continent. But you tire of being taken for granted.
After hiring two brethren to care for your horses,

= (Os OK

you've decided to work more directly with your cabal
wherever it may travel. Of course, you're more skilled
at the . . . "extralegal" arts than the bookish lot your
patron has hired, but soon they'll come to appreciate
your particular talents.

Roleplaying Hints: In your years of itinerant
wandering, you've developed a very pessimistic atti-
tude about life. Dealing with highwaymen by the
roadside, pickpockets in seedy inns and rude passen-
gers trying to scam you out of the fares you collect have
resigned you to the fact that the world is not a pleasant
place. Fortunately, you've learned the odd trick or two


THE ORDER
OF REASON

fools who place designs on your modest wealth. The
only person you really trust is your current patron. Ifhe
Y ever betrayed you, you'd
probably fall apart...
or swear a ven-
J geance that
would make the
angels weep.
Highest
Attributes:
Dexterity,
Stamina

Suggested
Abilities: Lar-
ceny, Riding,
Stealth, Culture
, Enlightenment: Me-
64 diator (Arete 2; Connection
2, Fortune 1)
Freebie Points: 8
Suggested Rotes: Navigation
(Connection 2), Seeking the Forgotten
(Connection 2), Pickpocket (Connection
2), Cynicism (Fortune 1)
Daemon (Questing): Fiery lights first led
you from the fateful site where you lost your
father. No matter what dangers you encounter
on your life's journey, you are confident you
will always find your way home. If you could find
out what happened to your father as well, you may

have the peace of mind to build a home worth
having.

Gabrielite Investigator

Prelude: As the youngest son in a family of
\\ eight, you always had to rely on your wits more
than brute strength. Your older brothers fought
incessantly, tussling and wrestling whenever they
were bored. You talked your way out of such
squabbles, calmly reasoning with them. Oddly
enough, your gift for negotiation worked more
often than not.


CHAPTER FIVE: Ee : Ley
THE HERO, Val
REVEALED ): :

There was absolutely no chance that you might
inherit part of your father's lands, so you were sent
away to a monastery at the age of nine. Your parents
thought your rational intellect would be nurtured
there, and it was. Exhibiting an uncanny gift for
languages, you labored for years as a scrivener, quickly
grasping Latin and Greek as well as Hebrew and
Aramaic. Your access to valuable books later earned
you an opportunity to peruse the rational ancient
scholars. Aristotle and Plato were your favorites. You
have learned from their examples, using your keen
intellect, sharp insights and powers of deduction to
resolve dilemmas the brutish and impatient simply
cannot handle.

Concept: Your command of academics and logic
are impressive. Your great gift for resolving conflicts
has served to welcome you into many preceptories,
and lodges throughout your travels. Yet
you also have a knack for uncovering secrets others

monasteries

would just as soon ignore. In your last stay at a seem-
ingly innocuous monastery, you helped solve three
murders, uncovered a monk who had been intimate
with a starving young woman from the nearest village
and stopped a series of thefts. Within the Order,
Gabrielites find your talents for quietly solving prob-
lems to be a welcome alternative to the brutal methods
of the Inquisition.
Roleplaying Hints: You have a keen eye for
detail, drawing conclusions about people and places
from observations others would consider trivial. Some
see thisas pedantic, especially when you quote ancient
scholars to help prove your points. As a Dove of
Christ, youare trusted more readily by other Daedaleans
than yourmore militant brothers among the Venatores.
Your calm demeanor hides your devotion to the Cabal
of Pure Thought. You will not hesitate to inform your
Convention should you find any seemingly trivial
facts that could lead to the apprehension of a heretic
in the Order. It's far more preferable that you find them
than the Inquisition does.

Highest Attributes: Charisma, Perception, Wits

Suggested Abilities: Academics, Alertness,
Awareness, Instruction, Subterfuge, Research, Eti-
quette, Investigation, Occult

Enlightenment: Mediator (Mind 2, Connection
2, Time 2)

Freebie Points: 8

Suggested Rotes: Olive Branch (Mind 2), Tell-
tale (Connection 2), the Scented Handkerchief (Time
2)

Daemon (Pattern): Your first flash of intuition
came when you labored as a scrivener. In one moment
of brilliant illumination, your senses became unnatu-
rally acute and you noticed a wealth of details about
the monks around you that you had never noticed
before. In moments of reverie, your senses become
hyperattenuated, focusing on everythingat once. With
quiet contemplation and meditation, you almost be-
lieve you could sense and interpret far more, yet the
temptation to fully open your mind that much terrifies
you.

Examplars

Heroes stand at the front of the stage. Powerful
adepts and masters stand in the background. Some are
noble, others villainous. A few stand in shadow, un-
sure of whether to fully retreat into darkness. Examplars
of the Order attain rank and privilege, but the Story-
teller must decide how they use it, for better or for
worse.

Jacob Von Reismann

Von Reismann is a legend. He would have to be,
since no one below the rank of honorus has seen him
for centuries. Allegedly, Jacob Von Reismann was one
of the secret masters who first called the Gathering of
the Square in 997, assembling disparate societies that
would later form the High Guild and the Craftmasons.
Supposedly, Von Reismann amassed enough wealth
from this enterprise to fund extensive alchemical
research. As the legend relates, he is still alive, advis-
ing the Order of Reason. If the story is true and he has
indeed found eternal youth, it must have come at an
extreme price. The Maximus, or what is left of him,


could maintain such an advanced age only in the
rarefied environment of his sanctum. If he were to step
outside it, some believe, he would age over five hun-
dred years in a day.

The legendary Maximus still visits various lodges,
but only by appearing through viasilicoi. His image
J and voice are projected through these perfect crystals
onto the walls of sequestered meeting rooms, where he
listens to the debates of honori and Maximi alike.
Every twenty years, he appoints a new adept to act as
his proxy to the Inner Circle, attuning him or her to
the crystal in the highest chamber of the White Tower
of Languedoc on his behalf. Paintings portray him as
a tall, resolute man with dark, short-cropped hair, a
firm jaw, an aquiline nose and a steel-eyed gaze. If the
projections from the viasilicoi are accurate, he hasn't

aged a day since 997!
iS The honori haven't stopped speculating where he

Languedoc still allow alchemical experiments in lon-
gevity, but Von Reismann hasn't shared his secret
knowledge. Some imagine that he has found a way to
reproduce himself each generation from a sort of
homunculus, that his descendants have found ways to
assume his form, or that some sorcery has allowed a
madman to assume his shape. Yet Von Reismann has
never abused his power, consistently voting for the
same principles he did centuries ago.

Honori, Floreati and Etfalti alike have attempted
to find the truth behind the mystery, yet all have
failed. Attempts to scry into his hidden sanctum have
met with disaster, often resulting in unexplained and
sudden retribution. Instead, most honori have re-
signed themselves to the fact that one of the Maximi
of the High Guild will no doubt continue to use his
influence over the Order fora long, long time to come.

Arthur Crevanus

What Von Reismann isto the High Guild, Stephen
Trevanus was to the Craftmasons. By organizing the
commoners of Nottingham in the twelfth century, he
launched a revolution against secular tyranny. His

descendants have built on his reputation, establishing
the closest approximation of "nobility" the Craftmasons
acknowledge. Late in life, Trevanus composed a rather
strange treatise entitled Of the Coins of Human Thought |
and the Divine Properties Thereof. While cryptic by
modern standards, it helped establish the Enlightened
craft of the High Guild. The Trevanus family has since
joined the "hidden nobility" of the Order, holding
positions of authority from one generation to the next.
Most belong to the High Guild now, but one of
Stephen's descendants, Arthur Trevanus, has attracted
a great deal of controversy among the Craftmasons.

Arthur Trevanus is a British merchant of modest
means. He began his career in the Craftmason Con-
vention by building a network of successful businesses
for the Coin Guild. Using his personal share of the
profits, he then funded several successful cabals up-
holding the ideals of the Arrow Guild. Rising quickly
to the rank of adept through good works and loyal
service, he soon patronized dozens of cabals within
both guilds. Within a decade, this paragon of altruism
was accorded the rank of honorus. Ever modest, he
continued his charity, financing a series of schools and
churches in smaller towns and villages across the
countryside. His admirable work of restoring his family's
few remaining estates into a series of lodges was seen
as eccentric, yet acceptable. That is until his first
encounter with the supernatural cast some suspicion
upon the enterprise.

Trevanus had dabbled in public works, finance
and even architecture, but after his studies extended
into the Inner Mysteries of sacred geometry, the topic
became an obsession for him. One of his family homes
became an experiment in geomancy, one that suc-
ceeded perhaps a bit too well. Arthur claimed that in
the stillness of the nighttime hours he could hear the
voices of his ancestors discussing the founding prin-
ciples of the Order. Before long, he began to recount
entire conversations verbatim to his adepts. Rather
than disgrace this beloved man, a cabal of local adepts
offered to aid him in his experiments. Within a few
months, the remains of Stephen Trevanus's estate had
been rebuilt, refocused and heavily warded.


CHAPTER FIVE:
THE HERO,
REVEALED

G

pia

Arthur's eccentric habits attracted the attention
of the honori when he began publishing treatises
"rediscovered" in his family's libraries. One of these, a
reprint of On Coins and Human Thoughts, included
modern interpretations of the more cryptic passages,
"posthumous collaborations" with the deceased au-
thor, and many alleged "lost passages." Eager to return
to his studies, he quickly dashed off a new draft of the
Craftmason Theses of England, a tract distributed in
cypher without the approval of the other honori. His
interpretation of the Inner Mysteries allowed exten-
sive research into spiritualism and its ties to sacred
geometry. Soon thereafter, further rumors spread of
Trevanus actually conversing openly with the ghosts
of his ancestors in the family estate.

Trevanus has become distanced from many of the
other concerns of his region, allowing his adepts free
reign in conducting their affairs. No doubt this has
forestalled the possibility of a Craftmason revolution
against him. The other honori of the region, however,
have challenged his latest set of theses, using political
leverage and their Convention's resources to force
change. While some accuse him of exploiting his
position for his own benefit, others remember the man
he once was. If he succeeds, he may actually redefine
the importance of sacred geometry to the Inner Laby-
rinth. If he fails, however, a different revolution may
occur, one that threatens the strength of the

{> Craftmasons throughout England.

Bon,
YOR Rene Florent
th

As an elderly and cultured man, Rene Florent is
the heir to a dying legacy. For over two hundred years,
his family maintained an estate in the Val du Bosque,
a region of Southern France perilously close to the
tuins of Mistridge. His ancestor, Etienne Florent,
made a fortune importing goods from Arabia in the
mid-twelfth century, making a name for himself in
part by introducing new species of roses to France. By
marrying Marie d'Uverre, a wealthy widow who lost
her lands in the wake of the Albigensian Crusade,
Etienne found happiness, wealth and a modest share of

nobility in his lifetime. He didn't do this alone, how-
ever. Etienne wasa brother inan Enlightened medieval
secret society, one that helped rebuild portions of
Languedoc.

The wealth and privilege the Florent family earned
was later exploited by unscrupulous descendants. Suc-
cessive generations used their influence in the Order
to dominate portions of Southern France, eventually
attracting the enmity of the local Craftmason honorus.
Merchant families without the Order's advantages
were forced out of business while the Florents gained
monopolies over many essential commodities. How-
ever, while the Craftmasons consolidated more power
in Southern France, the High Guild decided to focus

more on the Italian city-states, turning the Florent
line into something of an anachronism.

Rene's father, Marcus, gave his son the best edu-
cation he could provide. Learning from private tutors, &
the young boy studied such diverse topics as botany,
gardening, etiquette, history and fencing. Sheltered
from the outside world, Rene never realized how much
the local populace hated his father.

Hoping to give his son achance fora better future,
Marcus Florent used his status as a loyal brother of the
High Guild to develop contacts in Paris. While Rene
was to inherit the family's fortune, Marcus decided to
leave the estate to one of the family's servants, who
had spent a lifetime caring for his master. When
Marcus died, executors of the will arrived in a coach to
escort Rene to Paris.

Rene Florent is now in the autumn of his life, and
his childhood isa distant, bittersweet memory. Marcus
was one of the brethren, but Rene is the first child of
the family to attain Enlightenment. In fact, he has
studiously risen to the rank of adept, becoming a
Floreatus scholar. Rene has never returned to the Val
du Bosque, but instead maintains a modest estate in
the heart of Paris. It is surrounded by a garden as
elaborate as the one he remembers from his youth.

Asan enterprising businessman, Florent has used
his influence to buy other properties in the city.
Patrons from across the country frequent a hotel he
owns in the Latin Quarter; a brotherhood of syco-


a)

THE ORDER
OF REASON >

——

phants hangs on his every word; a new generation of
tutors has offered him knowledge more rarefied than
he ever dreamed of studying in his youth. By many
adepts' standards, Rene Florent has achieved success.
Despite all this, his life is still lacking. He is childless,
despondent and nostalgic for his childhood home.
The intrigues of Paris provide some distraction . . . as
do dreams of revenge against his family's traditional
rivals. Before he dies, Rene has vowed to reclaim his
family estate in the Languedoc at any cost. The roses
will bloom again, even if they must be watered in
Craftmason blood.

Lady Elizabeth J. Bollingbroke

As an esteemed resplendent and facilitator, Lady

than a glorified messenger, yet she hides her diplo-
matic skills behind a veneer of culture and etiquette.
Her reputation proceeds her, partly because her corre-
spondence is voluminous. Although she is wealthy
enough to become a patron in her own right, she
prefers the reckless life of aresplendent to the drudgery
of a magistrate. Thus, she travels the continent listen-
ing to any Daedalean who will confide in her.
While on the road, she sends her cabal of
Alexandrians out expressly to deliver her meticu-
lously scripted letters. One wonders where she gets the
time to write so much. (The answer, of course, in-

volves Time 3). In addition to her whirlwind duties as [Rg

a freelance diplomat, she acts as an adviser to a wide
array of cabals. Her criteria for choosing her favorite
correspondents are inscrutable, but once you've at-
tracted Lady Bollingbroke's favor, you may expect
frequent and diligent correspondence. Legends tell of
an ardent suitor who once dropped an unfinished
letter out of the side of his carriage. One week later, he
received a response.

A few rivals who have met her in person do not
care for her mannerisms. Those she esteems are met
with gentility and respect. Those she disdains are little
more than obstacles in her path. When someone
invites her displeasure, she is like a force of nature,
battering adversaries with words like a tropical storm
pounds the shore with wind and rain. Many men are
simply too polite to oppose her. A Rubenesque, middle-
aged woman with flowing red hair, she charges into
romance with the same tempestuous fervor. Marriage
does not interest her in the slightest, however. Her
only lifetime companion is a black cat named Louis.

As a guest, her means are modest. She always
travels by carriage, with one or two chests filled with
clothes. Much to the amusement of her friends, most
of her wardrobe seems to be based around fashionable
hats. If one can endure her occasional tirades against
incompetent haberdashers and the occasional "rival
of the week" letters, her advice into the politics and
culture of the Order is well worth reading. Just don't be
late writing back!


APPENDIX:
STORYTELLING

4H caving Webs of
Intvique

If you're planning on running
this game for more than a few sessions, an Order of
Reason chronicle requires a slightly different structure
than most traditional roleplaying games. For a start,
the Order has a vast array of character archetypes to
choose from. Let's face it: the Daedaleans have over
thirty guilds, presenting opportunities for assassins
and inquisitors, courtiers and criminals, bold explorers
and reclusive scholars, maligned vivisectors and secre-
tive alchemists. If you take the traditional approach —
setting out the rulebook and letting anyone play
whatever he wants — your game may not survive the
first session or two.

"Hokey religions and ancient magic are no match for
a Craftmason's pistol at your side."

— H. Solo, Seeker smuggler

"I say we call back the resplendents and bombard the
castle from the fields. It's the only way to be sure."
— Sergeant Hicks, Artificer Maul

Like a grand conspirator plotting out intrigues
against his rivals, any Storyteller who wants to run a
game surviving more than a few sessions should plan
out the type of chronicle he wants to run. In a game
this diverse, it's wise to start with the "chronicle
concept" first. Shortly thereafter, the Storyteller de-
vises the first patron and considers what kind of heroes
he'd prefer to recruit. Once you've concocted your
master plan, you'll know what kinds of Daedaleans //
you'll need.

Chapter Structures

"So, what's this game about? What do we do?" the
players want to know. There's a reason the common
populace doesn't realize how many different factions
are allied within the Order of Reason: the society is


THE ORDER
OF REASON

many different directions. They advance the frontiers
of science, art, philosophy and medicine; build vast
merchant empires; explore the very limits of creation;
defend their secretive laboratories and lodges; investi-
gate the occult; protect the common man; evaluate
magical and supernatural threats and sometimes plot
and scheme against each other to influence the future
of their Order.

No one chronicle can encompass all those goals.
Before you start scheming, consider what type of
chronicle you want to run. Are swashbuckling and
warfare vital components, or do you prefer courtly
intrigue and romance? Are you enthralled with the
idea of stalking the night fantastic in search of occult
horrors, or is the real evil hidden inside the Order
itself? The characters may occasionally take a break
6S from this epic saga for a chapter or two to pursue other
types of adventures, but plotting out your scheme is
easier once you know the general theme and mood of
the story.

Intrigue or exploration, politics or warfare, mys-
tery or witch hunt — which do you prefer? A few
chronicle concepts tend to dominate that list. Each
one requires its own variety of Storytelling, a certain
approach to plot and a few choice elements of back-
ground to enhance the drama.

Chronicles and Chapters

A chronicle is like a book: it's composed of chap-
ters. Each one is long enough to tell a brief story from
beginning to end. One type of story will usually pre-
dominate in a chronicle, but it's also possible to mix
them up a bit. To help keep a chronicle going, the
patron may recruit a slightly different cabal of heroes
for each chapter. Some are useful in all of her enter-
prises. Some are specialists brought in for a chapter or
two before they skulk back to the lodge.

An Order of Reason chronicle is usually based
around one of the seven "concepts" listed below. Not
every chapter of the chronicle has to tie into this
concept, but it's the ongoing story in the "book" that
keeps the reader turning the pages. Occasionally, a
chapter can be based around a concept different from
the chronicle — adding a "subplot" to the story — but
the saga keeps returning back to its primary theme.

The seven most common chronicle concepts (and
chapter concepts) for the game are Investigation, Lodge
Politics, Exploration, Intrigue, Interdiction and Inquisi-
tion.

Chapter Concepts

Instead of giving a sample chronicle for each of
these concepts, it's easier to look at the sorts of chap-
ters each one requires. As a chapter, each of these
stories can be told in a few sessions of gameplay. As a
chronicle, several of these chapters connect to builda
larger story. If you know which sort of story you enjoy
telling the most, it's easier to decide what kind of
heroes your patron should recruit.

Investigation: This is perhaps the easiest (and
therefore most common) type of Daedalean chapter
— supernatural investigation "with an edge." The
patron has found evidence of some occult phenom-
enon. He assembles a cabal of rational scientists and
heroes to track down the forces behind it, defines what
is going on, and uses the same knowledge to defeat it.
In many cases, the patron is unsure whether some-
thing mystical is actually involved, often because the
evidence presented to him lies far outside his area of
expertise.

The end of the story may involve killing some-
thing, bringing back information to soldiers who can
kill the creature, documenting facts about something
that cannot easily be killed, or (believe it or not) a
solution that involves cleverness and ingenuity in-
stead of violence. Throwing in a Renaissance version
of a werewolf or vampire is an easy choice, but a truly
ingenious Storyteller might want to build something
entirely new out of the myths and legends of the time.
Over the course of a chronicle, an entire society or cult
of supernatural creatures might be uncovered, or a
specific area might be "cleansed" of all dangerous
occult activity within it.

Lodge Politics: At the start of this story, our
heroes are welcomed into a lodge. The resident adept
offers them something they desperately need or want
—a place to hide, lodging, access to a library, the
services of a Cosian, proximity to an Artificer's inven-
tion — in exchange for their help. None of the local


APPENDIX:
‘ STORYTELLING

cabals wants to handle the task, or perhaps none is
qualified. The heroes might explore the city or wilder-
ness around the lodge, or they may skulk about inside
the lodge.

If the heroes stick around long enough, one of the
cabals may try to turn them against another cabal
within the lodge . .. or even against the cabal's patron!
The story ends when one faction is shamed and an-
other is praised. Over the course of a chronicle, our
heroes try to get promoted in the Order, perhaps
earning the right to be adepts in their own lodge.

Exploration: The cabal is sent to a realm that's
either uncharted, undiscovered or misunderstood.
Perhaps some phenomenon there has prevented other
explorers from returning safely. The story may be a
brief snapshot of the cabal's actions on a distant shore,
cutting out the tedious details of a long ocean voyage
or caravan journey. The transport may have enough
resources to be treated as a temporary lodge, or the
hope of help may be far away. Such journeys have

additional dangers. If the destination lies far from
Europe, the Daedaleans' casual arts and science may
be considered vain by the local populace!

A Seeker or a Cassandra's vision may lead the
cabal to a lost artifact, natural wonder, mystic site or
opportunity for financial gain. The story might not
end when the goal has been found, and returning
home may make for a compelling story on its own. In
an exploration chronicle, the adventure might consist
of a series of smaller stories detailing encounters along
the way and back again.

Intrigue: A classic tale of two patrons. Two >
Daedalean adepts are plotting against each other, and
the cabal is caught in the middle. Even worse, the
Order's rival may be a Tradition mage, a powerful
agent of the Church or an Infernalist who lives only to
cause suffering through conflict. S
with gathering simple information about the rival,
studying his own associates, figuring out the defenses

ch stories begin &%


ise

THE ORDER
OF REASON

The objective can range anywhere from overhear-
ing a conversation or stealing an object to killing the
bastard outright. The more drastic the methods em-
ployed, the more cautious the cabal must be of a
Gabrielite investigation . . . or the rival's retribution.
A chapter might involve learning one or two secrets
about the rival; a chronicle could require actually
deposing him or uncovering a network of conspirators.
An adept could be part of a larger plot, one that
possibly involves people outside the Order or in other
secret societies.

Interdiction: An adept of the Order has become
very secretive in his activities. At the behest of a secret
master, Ksirafai mastermind or even the Cabal of Pure

exploiting the Order's resources for his own unortho-
dox studies, the cabal returns with enough knowledge
to justify interdiction. If enough of the heroes are
skilled mercenaries or soldiers, they may lead the
interdiction themselves. In a chronicle, this could
shift into a series of Lodge Politics chapters in which
the heroes have to rebuild the lodge from the ground

up.

Inquisition: Stereotypically regarded as the most
common Daedalean plot, this involves a "shadow
crusade" against some type of witch, warlock, pagan,
sorcerer, Maraud or Infernalist. Of course, members of
the Order would be foolish to casually dispatch anyone
whose beliefs differ from theirs, so the heroes must
prove their quarry poses a threat to the common
populace. They must either obtain some sort of sanc-
tion from their patron or — if they feel strongly
enough — secretly conspire against the menace them-
selves. If your chronicle is set in the late fifteenth
century, after the "Burning Times" have begun, it may
not require much proof to unmask a "witch." On the
other hand, the cabalists may still want to be stealthy
enough to not bring down the Inquisition on them-
selves before the story is over.

Heretical Concepts

It's possible to run a game of Sorcerers Crusade
with little or no combat. It's also possible to run an
Order of Reason chronicle in which all the characters
are mercenaries and soldiers. If you choose either
extreme, it would be reasonable to tell your players
about it beforehand, for this influences whom a patron
chooses to recruit. Will the cabal need to travel well
armed? Make sure your patron recruits a few mediators
with martial skills. Do you intend to spend a great deal
of time having heroes pose in salons, classrooms or
boudoirs? Tell everyone that a few bodyguard brethren
will be on hand "just in case."

Of course, both extremes can benefit from dis-
carding two bad clichés: that of "dumb swordsmen"
and "weak scholars." This is the Renaissance, after all,
not some tired old 70s fantasy roleplaying world where
players "min-max" their Strength or Intelligence. Ev-
eryone in the Order should have some measure of
intellect as well as the ability to defend himself.
Having one strength does not preclude developing the
other. Unless you specify that violence will never
occur in your game (a possibility, to be certain), every
hero should have a few dots in Archery, Brawl, Dodge,
Melee or Firearms. If no one wants to take such skills,
your players are sending a different message: devi:
few chapters in which mastery of weapons is not
required.

Cabal Structures

Once you know what types of stories you plan on
running in your chronicle, you'll have ideas on how to
structure your cabal. If the story requires more than
one "chapter concept," you may need to shift the
conspirators of your cabal around during the chronicle.

There's an old — and rather limited — idea that
everyone in your troupe should try to max out charac-
ters as soon as possible, especially since a high Arete is
(allegedly) so important in this game. This strategy
requires each player to play the same character each
session, and naturally, every story is designed with
these same five or six characters in mind. With the
Order of Reason, there are far more intriguing possi-
bilities for designing a chronicle once you stray from
this traditional approach. By balancing out different

;


APPENDIX:
STORYTELLING

ne types of heroes, stables of characters or even a variety
of roles within the same troupe, you'll have a much
broader spectrum of colors on your palette when you
present your story.

Limited Arete

Cabals are often collections of Daedaleans with
different levels of experience and Enlightenment. Not
every scholar and scientist in the game is going to be
aresplendent. Under the Limited Arete approach, the
Storyteller divides the characters into three groups
from the three "social classes" in chapter 1: initiates,
mediators and resplendents. The most experienced
players portray resplendents. Their characters start
out with Arete 3 and should have no problem diving
tight into the finer details of Enlightened arts.

If you've got one or two new players, it may be
prudent to induct them as initiates. Their characters
start off with Arete 1 and will probably spend much
time getting a feel for the game, the background and,
of course, sensory impressions of the world around
them. Everyone else is a mediator, balancing the two
other groups. If assigning these roles seems a bit arbi-
trary, there are other options. Players who never miss
a session might make ideal resplendents; players who
can commit to showing up, say, every other week,
might make better initiates.

As an alternative, you might decide to set a
maximum for the number of levels of Arete the group
has. Multiply the number of players by two and let
them divide the points among their characters' start-
ing Arete. As usual, no starting character can have an
Arete higher than 3. With this in mind, let them
decide for themselves whether they can afford more
than one or two resplendents.

Please note: the above option isn't for everyone. If all
your players are absolutely hard-core, never-miss-a-
session, I-wanna-be-the-hero gamers, they may very
well argue over who gets the "most powerful mage."
That leads to a different sort of game. With Limited
Arete, however, the story tends to reflect the levels of
"social status" in the Order more, adding to the depth
of the story and characters. And besides, if you do a
particularly grand job of telling your story, those play-
ers who initially wanted to be initiates may be

Croupe Play

In a long-term chronicle, your new players may
find it a bit tiring to play the same initiate forever.
Some roleplayers just naturally have a way of dominat-
ing a table, but each player in the troupe should feel
like he gets his share of time in the spotlight. To solve
both of these problems, many roleplaying troupes use
a tradition that actually predates Mage, stretching
back toan earlier game in the same genre, Ars Magica.
This technique, called troupe play, allows for a wider
variety of characters, a richer variety of stories and
more roleplaying challenges.

In the classic version of troupe play, the players tS
portrayed three different classes of characters— rather
like the Limited Arete idea listed above. One ap-
proach is to have a third of the players play mages (or
Daedalean resplendents) and a third of the players
portray competent companions (or mediators), In Ars
Magica, one of the players represented grunts, grogs,
spear carriers or whatever other title you wish to give
them. Inside the Order of Reason, initiates are actually
a bit better off than "grogs," so you can allow a third of
your troupe to play them instead. (If you like, you can
stick to the original idea a bit more by making the
members of this third class brethren.) The players
stick with those roles until the end of the first adven-
ture, or (in White Wolf terms) the first "chapter of
your chronicle."

At the end of each chapter, the players decide
whether they want to switch roles and bring another
character into the conspiracy. Obviously, the patron
has to have a reason to recruit such a speciafist. The
humble player who played an initiate in the last story
may want to portray a loud-mouthed Herculinian or
Rose Guild adventurer for a few weeks. With this
approach, each player eventually develops three char-
acters, one from each of these social classes. Making
each chapter self-contained allows for this possibility.

Some highly organized groups use a "forced rota-
tion." In this system, the players switch roles at the end
each chapter. The players who were initiates at the
end of chapter 1 introduce their mediator characters

Yaz a

——

FO


= x
THE ORDER TOY NOC!
OF REASON INES

{( :

have the chance to play resplendents, and the haughty
roleplayers who were able to lord their authority over
everyone last time get to generate some lowly initiates
or brethren. Thus, over time, each player ends up
developing a "stable" of characters. If you don't insist
on forced rotation, there are other options, as we'll
soon see.

The Rationale

Why limit Arete? Again, the Order doesn't just
send out resplendents to solve all its problems. There
are actually a limited number of them in Europe, and
it's foolish to send them out every time a lodge needs
an extra body to stand watch, another Cosian to tend
toagarden or another soldier to help assault a wayward
S Chantry. Since there'sa limited number of resplendents
in the Order, they can'tall be troubled with shadowing
suspicious suspects or driving coaches to hell and back.
Mediators are quite capable of handling these tasks
without using Arete 3 Effects repeatedly.

There are definite advantages to having more
initiates around as well. The eight Conventions are
actually eager to send them with their more experi-
enced investigators, diplomats and explorers. Initiates
have a habit of asking difficult questions but are also
capable of amazing flashes of insight their so-called
"superiors" overlook. Even though they have a lower
"rank" than their companions, they have the freedom
to investigate where they please . . . as long as they
don't commit the faux pas of investigating their com-
panions or (even worse) their patrons.

Since you're the Storyteller, consider this purely
in terms of game mechanics: a beginning character
starts with 6 points to spend on Spheres. If an initiate
has Arete 1, that means she's going to be able to make
Awareness rolls and Arete rolls for acute insights in six
of her nine Spheres! There's a reason initiates are
brought along as observers. They're damn good at
noticing unusual phenomena!

An Order of Reason chronicle, as presented in this
book, also has a different "power curve" than most
Mage games. You may notice that there's a wealth of
Effects based around Arete | and 2. Arete 3 rotesaren't
much more powerful. In the first edition of the original
game, players had a tendency to charge off to Arete 3

right away, presumably because "you can only do cool
things that way." (The fact that this cost almost all of
a character's Freebie Points was a minor complica-
tion.) Many of those flashy vulgar and vain feats just
aren't present in this version of the game — at least at
the start of the chronicle — and so the temptation to
max out Arete is reduced. Since a resplendent has to
buy Arete 3, he'll also have 1 measly Freebie Point, as
opposed to an initiate's 15. Suddenly, low Arete char-
acters become attractive again.

Lodges and Troupe Play

Troupe play works especially well when the
chronicle centers around one lodge. In this approach,
each player starts out the chronicle generating his
initiate, mediator and resplendent. At the beginning
of each chapter, the Storyteller then takes the role of
either the highest ranking adept in the lodge (the
magistrate) or the cabal's patron. After the Storyteller
announces what type of danger faces the lodge for this
chapter, the players can then choose which characters
to send out to confront the problem. Usually, this
balance among the three social classes presents the
lodge in far more detail than focusing solely on the
most Enlightened heroes present.

Lodge play has a few other distinct advantages.
Daedaleans do not simply dispel their wounds with a
wave of a hand or a few mystic incantations. In the
Renaissance, it takes time to heal, especially if the
lodge isn't overflowing with Cosians. A resplendent
might suffer a grievous wound while defending his
lodge or investigating the occult, but while he's recu-
perating, the player who represents him doesn't have
to sit out the game. He simply takes a different role in
the cabal, leaves his other Daedalean back at the lodge
and passes the burden of leadership to someone else.
Each player has only one character "outside the lodge"
(or "in the field") at any given time.

There are, of course, endless variations. Do you
want the players to have an opportunity to send all of
their resplendents (or a cabal composed entirely of
brethren!) to face a problem at the same time? Do you
want to "enforce" the rotation of characters, or should
the players have free reign on deciding who they send
out? In a particularly large lodge, each person might
have aslightly larger stable, or even detail everyone in

ih)


1

APPENDIX:
STORYTELLING

ey

the lodge up to (and even including!) the adepts.
While some Daedaleans struggle exclusively for per-
sonal gain, far more believe in concepts like cooperation
and community, and troupe play furthers this spirit
just fine.

Conspiracy and Preludes

If each player has a small stable of characters, it's
also easier to enhance the theme of conspiracy in the
game. Remember, not all of the resplendents in the
cabal have to live and work in the same place. In fact,
they don't need to spend every waking moment to-
gether. Instead, they gather together each time the
patron has another task for them to fulfill. Some have
used their influence to find lucrative positions among
the common populace. A Cosian may teach at the
university, a High Guilder may work regularly in the
marketplace and so on.

If the characters have "mundane" jobs to main-
tain, they can't simply charge off to another part of the
continent every time the Order needs them. Thus,
while one hero is attending to his mundane life, the
patron can find someone else to fill his place. Even
better, if you know someone else who's running this
type of chronicle, you could run a story in one city
while yourassociate runsa story in another. Daedalean
heroes could then easily move from a lodge in one city
to another facade in another city . . . and back again.

Because the characters are enlisted in the same
conspiracy, they must find a subtle way to assemble,
investigate and adventure. In some gaming groups,
there's a lull right before the session as the players
show up one by one. The Storyteller can take advan-
tage of this opportunity, tailoring little prelude at the
beginning of each chapter detailing how each charac-
ter got involved. This is known as the Prelude to
Conspiracy™.

Time spent on intrigue is well invested, and is also
entertaining as hell. Roleplay the messenger who
shows up at the Cosian's laboratory, the Guildsman
who notices a hidden message in the play he's been
asked to attend or the discovery of an encrypted tract
nailed to the Craftmason's bedpost. These little con-
spiratorial touches can steer the game away from yet
another convenient excuse of how everyone just con-

—A—

veniently shows up at the lodge guildhall (or the local
bar) . . . again.

More important, the Prelude to Conspiracy also
specifies exactly why each character should give a
damn. Consider, for example, a cabal based around the
Invisible Collegium of Paris. The lodge is housed
within a university library, so scholars have a number
of reasons to get involved with this group. The Order
may offer to help someone get accepted to the univer-
sity, a patron can offer to pay tuition, a resplendent
may get limited access to the Scroll Guild's library, or
afemale scholar who wouldn't normally havea chance
to study may receive private tutelage from some of the
luminaries present. The heroes don't assemble just to
"fight evil." They each have a reason and motivation
for getting involved, usually one where they get to
draw on the advantages of belonging to the Order.

attracted to the collegium. Soldiers are promoted and
receive "marching orders," Gabrielites may be at-
tracted to a theological college nearby, Cosians may
have the chance to study medical texts undisturbed
and so on. Because the patron always conspires with
each hero for a reason, you may tailor the reason why
each character is involved. This relationship can even
change from chapter to chapter, or switch from one
character in a stable to another. An ambitious Story-
teller may even describe how heroes benefit from the
Order's patronage over time. Businesses thrive, schol-
ars gain tenure, Cosians found healing houses.
Conspiracy and intrigue have privileges and rewards.

Diversity

By now, you may have noticed that many of the
guilds appear to be somewhat specialized. A Prelude to
.. (well, you know) . . . builds off this particular facet
of the game. If the Storyteller has to devise a story each
week to accommodate a vastly different array of
Daedaleans ("An alchemist, a vivisectionist, and a
crafter of war machines walk intoatavern..."), it may \
become progressively difficult to set up events so that
every character feels he's central to the plot every time.

Troupe play and conspiratorial preludes allow a
cabal to send for specialists as they're needed. ("Hey,
we could really use someone from the House of Fire


THE ORDER

who understands plague this time.") The alternative is
often forcing the Storyteller to buildan entire chronicle
around someone with an esoteric focus. (Pythagorai
and the Arrow Guild are all well and good, but do you
really want to build a whole yearlong chronicle around
someone from one of those guilds?)

Splitting the cabal between initiates, mediators
and resplendents reinforces this idea. In many tradi-
tional roleplaying adventures, the object of the game
is to build up your character as fast as humanly pos-
sible. To do this, you'd naturally want to send out the
poor fool on adventures over and over and over again

— EO
OF REASON : Gs

are finding more rationales to bring in initiates and
mediators, on the other hand, they'll no doubt find
more diverse reasons for keeping them involved. Char-
acters really do have motivations beyond wanting to
jack up their combat skills.

Through troupe play, a player can still keep bring-
ing back an experienced resplendent, but it's easier to
maintaina long-term chronicle when the players have
more variety in their roleplaying. Throughout the
game, the web of intrigue slowly grows. The plots and
schemes that result reflect the energy and enthusiasm
of the Dark Fantastic world.

just to gain experience and "level up." If your players

An Optional Approach: High Fantasy

After you've run a few chapters using the rules as presented in this book, you may decide to
experiment with other moods and themes. While the approach used in this book is rather
conspiratorial, "realistic," and Dark Fantastic, some players prefer a brighter and more whimsical
approach to Mage. With a bit of tweaking, you can still pull this off with a cabal of Daedaleans.

Ina High Fantasy chronicle, the Order of Reason isn't so secretive about its activities. The
Outer Mysteries become examples of casual craft, but every Daedalean has access to at least some
of the Inner Mysteries. Beginning characters start out with a lot more power. Etfalti, Floreati and
Honestus Resplendents are no longer exceptional; they represent the new standard for the cabal.
Science is no longer an alternative to magic; science is magic, in a way. Players discuss more
exceptions to the Casual Rule, or the Storyteller discards it entirely.

It takes an experienced troupe to pull this approach off — more specifically, one experienced
with Sorcerers Crusade, Order of Reason and sophisticated roleplaying. It's your game, afterall,
and your story, so you can choose whether you want to summon up this type of mood. You may
even incorporate a few adepts into the cabal, allowing heroes to take 7 points of Flaws and
purchase Arete 4 during character creation. This makes for a high-powered game, but be wary:
more power can also lead to more abuse. If your players really want to rely heavily on vain feats,
you may want to switch back toa Traditional game for a while. Of course, there are other options.
For instance, you may want a chronicle that alternates between a High Fantasy story featuring
the Nine Traditions and a very low-powered Order of Reason plot line.

It's also possible to slowly incorporate elements of High Fantasy into an ongoing chronicle.
You may decide to ease into this approach gradually, like an initiate studying to become an adept.
Don't reveal the Inner Mysteries until you're ready to deal with the consequences. Savor the
moments when your players are in the dark; you'll decide when the time is right to bring them
into the light. As one would expect, the more time your players spend studying subtle methods,
the less they'll need to rely on outrageous solutions later on when confronted with supernatural
problems. Metaphorically speaking, if your Skyrigger soars, that's great; if it doesn't, remember
there's an entire continent of opportunities waiting on the ground. It's your reality. Whether it's
bright or dark is ultimately up to you.


BP

STORYTELLING

ETC APPENDIX: 6%

Bibliography

A few sources have been particularly inspirational
in the writing of this book. If you're looking for more
ideas for an ongoing chronicle, these books may spark
further visions.

History

A World Lit Only by Fire, by William Manchester

Cathedral, Forge and Waterwheel, by Frances and
Joseph Gies

The Measure of Reality, by Alfred W. Crosby

The Civilization of the Renaissance in Italy, by Jacob
Burkhart

The Story of Civilization, vol. V, by Will Durant

DZ

)

Conspiracy

Foucault's Pendulum and Name of the Rose, by
Umberto Ecco

Holy Blood, Holy Grail and Temple and the Lodge,
by Michael Baigent

A History of Secret Societies, by Arkon Duraul

Humanism and Other Philosophies

The Complete Idiot's Guide to Philosophy

The Lucifer Principle

Weirder Inspirations

Nephilim and Call of Cthulhu, by Chaosium

Illuminatus Trilogy, by Wilson and Shae

Sleepy Hollow, directed by Tim Burton


Coming Next for
ZA


Stay the Dragons of Ignorance and Fear

Born in a dark age, the Order of Reason stretches from the palaces
of Cathay to ships bound for new and wondrous worlds. Like
beacons in a storm, the Eight Conventions of Daedalus guide
mankind to a higher state. But there are many enemies in the
night, and the worst of them may hide within the

Order of Reason itself!

Build Gastles of Strength and Wisdom

While wizards and mortals alike cut one another's throats, the
Order stands like a fortress. But what secrets do its battlements
conceal? This book takes you inside the castle: to the Artisan's
forges, the Skyrigger's decks, the Guildsman's court and the Razor's
gilded mirror.
