# File: Orpheus 1 - Corebook.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Br Bryan ARMOR, JOHN OHaMBERSy GenzvizvE OocMany RicHaRD
Dansky, B.D. Fiory, Harry Hzoxen IV, Ettzen Krizy, Jamzs
Krizy, Martnzw MoFarianD, Dzan SHomsHak awd 0.A. SULEIMAN


CREDITS

Dean Shomshak and C.A. Suleiman
Winter

Additional Writing: Lucien Soulban
Reine Hagen

Developer: Lucien Soulban

Editor: Ed Hall
Art Director: Richard Thomas

Christopher Shy, and Andy Trabbold

1904 LITTON DR
STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

USA

PUBLISHING

or copyright concerned.

is advised.
Check out White Wolf online at

PRINTED IN CANADA.

Authors: Bryan Armor, John Chambers, Genevieve
Cogman, Richard Dansky, B.D. Flory, Harry Heckel
IV, Ellen Kiley, James Kiley, Matthew McFarland,

Playtesters: W. Ryan Carden, Whitney Carnes,

Michael A. Goodwin, Matthew McFarland and Rachel

Storyteller Game System Design: Mark

Layout and Typesetting: Becky Jollensten

Interior Art: Michael Gaydos, Rik Martin, Ken
Meyer Jr., Mark Nelson, William O'Connor,

Di | * ne

DEDICATION

My mother and father spent 27 years of their lives
ina brutal and hostile desert, under an unforgiving and
narrow-minded government, all so that my sister and |
could enjoy a life they never had. How do I even begin
to thank them for that? Where do I start?

Mom, Dad... my every word is my thanks, for the
love and support you have provided me. None of these
words would have meaning without you.

Lucien Soulban

Front and Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and
for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for per-
sonal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade and
World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Orpheus and Mind's Eye
Theatre are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

OF MECONTEN TS

Prologue: Proof of Life

Introduction 147
Chapter One: World of the Dead 24
Chapter Twos Shades, laments and Horrible Things 80 |
Chapter Three: Character Oreation 118
Chapter Four: Working the System 206
Chapter Fives Storytelling the Dead 249

Appendix: Ghost Stories 294

PROOF

PROLOGUE:
OF

LIFE

BY RICHARD DANSKY

If you hear the words "It's easy money," you know
you're about to get screwed. Remember that. I didn't,
and look where it got me.

eee

The job itself seemed harmless enough. The brief-
ing folder Diaz handed me when I walked into the
Situation Room was pleasantly thin, which meant |
wasn't wasting a lot of time memorizing target tenden-
cies and birthdays and crap like that. I'd done fourteen
trips out already, and not once did I need to know the
target's shoe size, pet's name or favorite music to screw
to. The only pertinent data was where to find them and
what I was supposed to do, but when I told Intel that,
it fell on deaf ears. The first time, they lectured me on
how Orpheus Group was "committed to providing a
full service operation to its clientele," which I took to
mean "we need to look busy so we can justify the insane
fees we charge." Not that I mind the ir
course; | enjoy making what is technically a metric
assload of money every trip.

sane fees, of

Naturally, Diaz knew how I felt about the briefings.
We'd worked together four or five other times, and she
never hid the fact that she thought I was taking the
work too lightly. She saw me skim the folder — the
name on it read "Friedlander" —and clucked at me like
a mother hen. "You ought to read it, Tony," she said.
"Just to make me feel good."

"Yeah, yeah." I dropped into one of the Situation
Room chairs and rapidly flicked through the report's
pages. "Is there anything special about this one, or is it
a standard spook job?"

"If you'd read the folder," she replied with ice in her
tone, "you'd find out." Diaz had black eyes and black
hair, anda chin sharp enough to cut cheese. It took me
over a year to discover Diaz's first name was Rebecca,
and six months after that to learn she was a retired

skimmer. She didn't talk about why she'd given it up,
though. She didn't talk about anything but the job.

"Fine," I said, and tried reading what she'd given
me. It looked straightforward enough: A suburban
multimillionaire thought his pretty little trophy wife
was screwing around on him and wanted the standard
tail job with an option. In plain English, that meant he
would pay me to follow the missus for a while to see if
she was spreading her stock options around, and if so to
scare the living crap out of her and her boyfriend. The
client was kind enough to include a couple of pictur
of his wife, and I whistled appreciatively. | could see
why he thought she was engaged in her own little
human resources project —she had green eyes, a heart-
shaped face and the sort of body that looked like an
anatomically correct Barbie doll; her hubby was 64,
balding and built like Henry Kissinger.

"Nice." I handed the folder back to Diaz.
the timeframe?"

She tucked the folder under her arm and checked her
data assistant. "You go under today. It's a week's work."

"What's

"Today?" I slid out of the chair and bounced to my
feet, my sneakers squeaking on the tile floor. "That's not
enough time. No way can I be ready today. Hell, I'm not
rated to go under again for another week." I shook my head
to emphasize the point. Going under too often or for too
long was dangerous. It tended to shake all sorts of mental
screws loose. I'd seen more than one peer hauled out of the
Nursery in a white jacket with wraparound sleeves, and
didn't want to run that sort of ris

My sanity's

Diaz smiled sweetly at me and held the folder out
again. "You didn't read the last page, did you?"

fragile enough as

"Why?" | asked, suspicious, and took the briefing
back. "What's on it?"
"The fee."


"Oh." I flipped to the
indeed there, and it was very, very substantial. | did
some quick calculations and frowned. "He's paying for
at least two months' worth of deep time. Are you sure
this gig is only a week?"
"Positive." She nod-
ded tightly. "Someone
in sales is bucking for a
bonus, I think. To be
honest, the money's why
I called you in for this
one. For that much cash,
I figured you'd be will-
ing to do a rush job."

she said.

so soon."

I could feel my re-
solve weakening. We
charge a lot at Orpheus for a single day's work —
operatives who can perform out-of-body experiences
on demand don't come cheap — let alone two months'
worth. Even though a skimmer's cut isn't huge, rela-
tively speaking, a moderate percentage of a ton of
money is still a lot of money. Part of me was already
planning how I'd spend it all. It was a long list.

"Does it have to be today?" I asked. "Give me 24
hours and I'll be good to go, but right now?"

Diaz shrugged. "The client said today. He's used to
getting what he wants. If you can't go now, I call
someone else in."

"Someone else?"

"I'm sure Hallen would be willing to go. He hasn't
gone under in almost a month."

I snorted in disbelief. "You know what Hallen
would do with an assignment like this."

"Yes," she countered, "but he'd be on it, at least."
She leaned over the back of the chair opposite mine.
"Look, Tony, I pulled a few strings to get you this gig.
You're right, it's too soon after your last trip, but it's
about as harmless as a projector run can be. If] thought
it was dangerous, | wouldn't have called you. Not after
last time."

"Not after last time, no." My eyes met hers. After
a minute, she looked away. "You owe me, you know."

"That's why I got you this one," she said, dulling
the edge on her voice. "I don't like carrying debts."

"And I like paying off mine." I skimmed the folder
again, but kept coming back to the last page, and the
very large number printed on it. There were a lot of
zeroes there. Apparently, Mister Friedlander was very
worried about what wifey was up to. Abruptly, I looked
up. Rebecca was still staring intently at my shoes.

"That's against regulations,"

«"So's sending mie back under
g

"If | take this," I said, "and that's purely hypotheti-
cal at this point, I want a couple of things."

"Like what?" She straightened up, and once again
I realized I'd forgotten how damn tall she was. "Don't
push me too far on this one, Tony," she warned.

I grinned.
"Pushing's the only
way to find out how
far is too far," I said.
"Three things.
One, I want you to
take a point out of
my share."

"That's against
regulations," she
said.

"So's sending me back under so soon."

"Good point."

I nodded. "If this really is easy money, you deserve
something for steering it my way."

"I didn't do it because I like you," she warned.

"L know. Number two, I want three-month's beach
when I get back. No point in making all this cash if I
don't have time to spend it."

Diaz pursed her lips and leaned against the water
cooler. Somehow, she'd reached the other side of the
room without my realizing it. Something in her needed
that separation. "That one's easy," she said. "What are
you really holding out for?"

I took a deep breath. "I want everything Orpheus
has on this "Bishop" guy. I want another crack at him."

"No."

"What do you mean, no?"

Her face was as expressionless as stone, as pale as
old ice. "I mean no. You don't get that, Tony."

I stood up. "Dammit, Diaz, you know what hap-
pened last time. I want to be prepared if I run into him
again.

"No you don't, Tony," she said. "You want another
crack at him, and I can't let you do that."

I opened my mouth and realized no words were
coming out.

You're a nice
guy, and a good skimmer, and you've got the survival
instincts of a cockroach on amphetamines, but no way
are you good enough to go after Bishop and live to talk
about it. And if I give you that file, you'll skim it and
then you'll go after him, and then you'll die. I really
don't want that on my conscience."

"You're not ready," she continued.


"T wasn't going after him," I said, but the lie sounded
pathetic in my own ears. "I just want to be ready."

"You will never, ever be ready. Trust me on this
one. There's a reason Bishop isn't on our books&
there's a reason most agents don't know about him."
Suddenly, I realized there were tears
her eyes. "Do the job, Tony," she said. "Take the
money. But don't ask me for this. Plez

I stood there, heart pounding in my chest like
earthquake aftershocks. I closed my eyes, but instead of
comforting blackness, I could see his face, leering at me
as | snapped back to the safety of my own body. Instead
of the hum of the air conditioning, | could hear his
voice. "Run," he'd said. "You can't run fast enough."

I shuddered and forced my eyes open. Diaz was right

the corners of

in front of me, her eyes wide, her body tense. | could smell
the faint scent of her hair, hear her breathing.

"Drop it, Tony," she . "Just take
the job."

"This time," I said, and turned my back on her. "I'll
see you in the Nursery in a few hours."

id with a whispe:

"No," she replied, "you won't."

eee

There were two sections to the Nursery, one for the
sleepers who had to work here and one for the skimmers
who didn't, but who were careful not to jeopardize their
bodies by projecting in the field. Skimmers like me
could put ourselves under, which was both good and
bad. We didn't need cryogenic chambers to keep our
bodies from going stale while we were away, we re-
quired minimal prep time, and the support staff got
cheap thrills giving us sponge baths while we were on
the job. The flip side was that we couldn't stay under as
long as sleepers, which meant we were fairly limited in
the sorts of things we could do. That, and the fact that
anything that happened to our spirit bodies — for lack
of a better term
real ones. That meant if, some-
how, someone managed to chop
offa skimmer's arm while he was
projecting, the kids back in the
Nursery were going to need ban-
dages, a mop and a bucket in a
hurry. Sleepers didn't have to
worry about that, either.

On the other hand, sleepers
needed much help of the chemi-
cal variety to project from their
bodies. They did their work in big
tubes that the staff called cradles
and everyone else called coffins.

echoed in our

to see.

His eyes had been
leftyopen, and I
knew, just knew, he
was,sceing. some-
thing that real live
People ought not

s out, she was out fora good longtime.
It took a while to put a sleeper under, and a while to
wake her up, but in the meantime they could stay out
of body fora ofa month ata time minimum. I'd been on
the sleeper side of the Nursery once, and it creeped the
hell out of me. It was nothing but rows and rows of
coffins, each of them trailing a do:
leading to a central unit that dispensed whatever
unholy crap they pumped into those things. Techni-
cians sat at scanning stations around the edge of the
room, watching the sleepers' biometric readings for
signs of necrosis the way housewives watched soap
operas. Nobody talked. All you heard was the pinging
of the scanners, and the hum of the machinery.

That wasn't the worst part, though. Each coffin
had a window, a faceplate so you could look in and see
how the sleeper was doing in his pool of st
fluid. I'd looked in on one. His eyes had been left open,
and I knew, just knew, he was seeing something that
real live people ought not to see.

n cables and wires

pension

A month or so with your eyes open, staring, un-
blinking. The thought still gives me nightmares.

Our side of the Nursery, however, was a lot nicer,
at least in my opinion. It was all couches and low
lighting, and you could hear people chatting as they
went under or came up. One skimmer, Kris Yamaguchi,
took astuffed Big Bird doll with her every time she went
under, so if you went into the Nursery while she was
you'd see it tucked inside her arm. It made the
whole place seem a lot more comforting somehow.

I took the elevator down to sub-basement level
three, where the Nursery was located, and whistled
along with the music that someone had decided to pipe
in. It was some pseudo-Celtic crap, rife with harps and
y and I was quite certain that if any authen-
tic Celts had heard it, they would have laughed their
asses off. One of my handlers, a skinny black guy named
Leo Reynolds, once told me that
psych had specifically chosen the
music to help relax us before we
went under. He looked very sur-
prised when I laughed.

Security waved me through,
and | found myselfinside the Nurs-
ery. Instinctively, [looked around.
Only a couple of other skimmers
were working, and the place was
nearly deserted. | waved toacouple
of techs I vaguely recognized, then
meandered over to my couch and
shucked off my shoes


This one will be easy, | told myself. Nothing to it.
Watch the girl, watch her screw around, then do enough of
the bad poltergeist shtick to scare her back to her wrinkled
sack of a husband. Easy money.

I took a deep breath, hoisted myself onto the
couch, and closed my eyes. Easy money. I repeated it
like a mantra. Easy money. It was the rhythm of the
words that mattered, not what they meant. Easy money.
I could feel the strange tugging deep in my chest that
meant | was ready to slide out of
my body. It had come quickly this
time. Easy money. The thought

2s,

us. And then, once the terms were settled, someone
would write a very handsome check to the Orpheus
Group and some poor schmuck like me would go under
long enough to do the deed.

All of which expla
way, why I was o
named Joanna Friedlander was screv
eee

ned, in a rudimentary sort of

to see if a very nice looking lady
ing her gardener.

I got there one of the standard ways you get
anywhere when you're out of
body, which is to say I walked
and hitched rides with folks who

buoyed my spirit, lifted me up
and away.

I looked down and saw my-
self lying there, six feet tall and
badly in need of a shave. I smiled.
Easy money.

What we do at Orpheus is of

I looked down and
saw myself lying
there, six feet tall
and badly in need
Ofia.shave.

never even saw me. The
ery isn't very pl
you're under. Not being part of
physical ree
critical of it. That's one reason
to focus on the job at hand — so
you don't have to look at what's

scen-

asant- when

ity makes you more

dubious moral nature at best,
highly illegal at worst and o
sionally freaky enough for some
employees to smash wide open
their own cryogenically frozen
heads& even though they're tech-
nically "suspended." Orpheus
recruits people like me and the
tradeoff is made brutally clear:
Take the money and keep your mouth shut. Sometimes
you worked in house, sometimes you worked with a
team called a crucible and operated outside the main
corporate campus. The system worked for everyone,
because those of us who survived got rich and no one
would believe half the shit we did at the office, anyway.
You can't really sidle up to a woman at a bar and say
something like, "Hey, baby, I'm going on ice for three
weeks so I can use my out-of-body experience tech-
niques to drive the CFO of an accounting firm insane,
but when I thaw out, I'd love to give youa call." It's not
the sort of pickup line that gets you laid regularly.
That's what we were paid to do, though, and
everyone who worked at Orpheus Group made their
peace with it. I'd heard vaguely that Orpheus had some
underhanded, shadow-op deals happening, but frankly,
I didn't care. No matter where we came from, we were
private sector now, and the contract assignments came
rolling in like sweet spring rain. They came from
companies who wanted competitors screwed or spied
on, from rich women who wanted their husbands
tailed, from government agencies who wanted things
done that the CIA wouldn't or couldn't touch, from
anyone who had the scratch and weren't afraid to hire

T smiled.

Easy money.

around you.

The Friedlander place was
sy enough to find. Diaz had put
amap with directions in the brief-
ing folder, and I did pay attention
to that part of it. The place was
out on the main line, some com-
munity with many
consonants in its name and too

too

many gated houses in its tax base. I noticed as I
approached that there were no sidewalks, which is a
sure sign that the neighborhood's full of snobby bas-
tards. Can't have the foot traffic depreciating the
property values now, can we? I shook my head and
moved on.

Friedlander had made his money in electronics in
the late '80s — fax machines and copiers, mostly —and
his house reflected the aesthetic sense ofa man who felt
thermal fax paper was a work of art. The building was
ared bric strosity, three stories high and adorned
with shockingly yellow shutters. It was wide, squatting
at the head of the driveway like a fat cat waiting for a
mouse to wander near. All the windows were closed, I
could see, and all the shades turned down, unusual for
anice spring day like this one. The lawn was trimmed
to putting green smoothness upon which nobody would
ever walk. No one lived in this house. They just spent
time there.

mor

I started up the empty driveway, moving fast. My
plan, more or less, was to slip inside, get a feel for the

house's layout and, maybe, scout for some evidence
that Mister Friedlander had overlooked. Then, I'd just

PROLOGUE; "7

eu


tuck myself into a walk-in closet and wait for Missus
Friedlander to do something naughty.

As I said, it seemed like a plan.

The inside of the house was as grim as the outside.
Someone had told Friedlander that rich people collectart,
and he'd done it the way a fat kid collected baseball cards.
Nice pieces rubbed elbows with utter crap, something I
was pretty sure was an original Parrish hung two inches
from a widescreen TV, and you could have played pinball
off the sculptures scattered around the first floor. Every
thing was a riot of mismatched colors, styles and periods,
all displayed to their worst advantage. | found myself
wondering whether it was his taste or hers that resulted in
this, then shuddered. It didn't matter. I had work to do.

The stairs were broad, but surprisingly not marble.
Instead, they were hardwood, carpeted inadeeply hideous
lavender shag. It went with the wall — pink with a floral
border — but nothing else in this universe; the banister
that ran alongside it was brass. A match would have done
the place wonders, but I'd given up smoking when I started
skimming, and anyway, it wasn't like I could have brought
any along.

Atthe top of the stairs, | hesitated fora moment. The
house was silent, preternaturally so. Not only did I not
hear any human voices, but | didn't even hear any of the
normal house sounds endemic to too-large piles of prop-
erty. There was no whistling from the ducts, no creaking
from the vents, no gurgle of the plumbing — not even the
unmistakable jingle of a spoiled pet's tag hanging on its
collar. The place was dead.

A quick scan of the upstairs hallway hinted strongly
that the master bedroom was to the left, so that's where I
headed. Personal offices and whatnots would come later.
What I was after was the bathroom in the master bedroom
suite. You find more incriminating evidence in the crapper
than you do in the rest of the house put together. Dropped
notes, used condoms, you name it; it all somehow ends up
in the smallest room. If Joanna Friedlander was screwing
around, that would be the best place for evidence.

Upstairs was a bit more tasteful than downstairs,
which isa lot like saying that
a cobra's less venomous than
a black mamba's. Once you
pass a certain threshold, the
degreesdon't matter. Still, the
pieces of sculpture were fewer

here, and smaller, most rest-
ing on marble-topped tables.
1 looked at a few while walk-
ing past — mostly objets d'art
from the South Pacific and

hide.

Your fjfst urge when
yowre/out-of-body and
you hear someone is to
Its natural, until
you remember youre
invisible and intangible.

Western Africa, no doubt a little too funky for the chaos
downstairs.
Double doors marked the entrance to the master
bedroom. They were painted white and had brass handles,
and some genius had installed a peephole in the right door
so he could see who was standing outside his boudoir.

"Jesus," | mumbled, and stopped, listening for any
sounds emanating from within.

There was nothing. Mentally, I recited to myself the
good bits of George C. Scott's big speech in Patton and
walked through the door.

Sad to admit it, but I wasn't surprised by what I saw.
Waterbed? Check. Leopard-skin print sheets? Check.
Mirror on the ceiling? Check. The place looked like the
honeymoon suite from a hotel in the Poconos, the sort
that advertised heart-shaped hot tubs. The bed was un-
made, of course, the sheets wadded up in a ball at the foot
of the monstrous bed. The door to the bathroom was on
the left, and it had been tastefully closed. Mirrors were
everywhere; so were free-standing chrome lamps. Clothes
lay strewn across the floor in a reasonably straight line,
evidence of someone shucking theirskivvies before climb-
ing into bed. It was women's clothing on the floor, tasteful
and expensive. Most of it was black. | thought back to the
pictures of Joanna Friedlander I'd seen in the dossier and
decided that black would definitely suit her.

Closer inspection of the laundry pile gave me one of
those little "aha" moments that private eyes and inventors
live for. Mixed in with the pile of lacy unmentionables was
a man's Speedo that someone had forgotten to remov
Nothing in Friedlander's profile indicated she was a cro:
dresser, so I figured this was the smoking gun I needed.
money indeed; the evidence was right there on the floor,
first thing.

[knelt down and looked at the telltale clothing. It was
a men's medium. Mr. Friedlander, if | remembered cor-
rectly, could barely get his leg into a men's medium these
days. Clearly, someone else had been racking up the dirty
laundry around these parts. Chuckling, I drifted into the
bathroom to look for more evidence.

As did, | heard thump-
ing on the stairs. Obviously,
someone was home, but I
hadn't heard a car pull up
outside the house orany door
slam shut. That made me
nervous.

Your first urge when
you're out-of-body and you
hear someone is to hide. It's
natural, until you remember


ee . os

you're invisible and intangible, and that the lady of the
house could walk through you nine times while you're
whistling the 1812 Overture and she still wouldn't notice
you. That being said, in a job like this, your first reaction
isstill, "Crap, where can I hide?"
There's something in human
nature that doesn't want to get
caught, ever, under any circum-
stances, and skimmers and
sleepers are no different. The
second that front door opens,

most of us dive for the closets.

Ofcourse, I was an experi-
enced skimmer. I knew that
no regular Joe was ever likely
tosee me& that I was perfectly
safe. | knew that even if, some-
how, the intruder saw me,
there still wasn't much he
could do to me. I'd even been
exorcised once, not that it had out.
mattered. But the sound of
those footsteps coming up the stairs creeped me out. I
nd dove into the walk-in
closet on what seemed to be her side of the bedroom. It
was a very full closet, crammed with dresses, business
suits, blouses and a few things on hangers you wouldn't
suspect would go there; | moved into the back. I could
see a little through the slats in the closet door, and that
was enough. If I was lucky, it was Missus Friedlander'
boyfriend, come back in an attempt to figure out why
he was chafing. (You've got to be a little bit of a voyeur
to last in this job, or you go insane. It sounds sick but it's
God's honest truth.)

scooted out of the bathroom

The footsteps stopped at the top of the stairs for a
moment, then came closer. I hugged the closet's back
wall and wondered what the hell made footsteps that
loud on shag carpet.

The doors to the bedroom creaked open. A young
man, maybe 25, stomped into the room. He had dirty
blonde hair and blue eyes, and looked like he main-
lined creatine powder on a regular basis. Someone had
dressed him nicely in tan business casual, but the effort
was wasted. His hands were at his sides, and one mother
of a big diamond earring hung on his left ear. | couldn't

see what was in his right hand, because his fist was
clenched tight, but his left hand was empty, and he was
in the room looking for something.

lexhaled with relief, or did the out-of-body equiva-
lent. No doubt this turkey had snuck in the back and let
himself in with a key that Missus Friedlander had given
him; he'd been smart enough to be quiet while doing so.

Just beforeleaving, he
stopped and stood in
front of the double
doors and, so help me
God, I thought for an
instant he was staring
at me.Hesmiled, then
turned and walked

ven! e "

Once inside, he didn't have to worry about being silent.
I edged closer to the closet door and watched him.

He moved quickly through the room, scanning the
floor with rapid nods back and forth. After a few
minutes, he located the tell-
tale underwear. With a swift
motion, he stuffed it into his
pocket, and I let out a mental
sigh knowing that pretty boy
out there wasn't going to be
rummaging through the closet.
Thadall the proof! needed that
Missus Friedlander was screw-
ing around, though without
physical evidence to back it up
if Mister Friedlander had wor-
ries about that sort of thing,
he'd set them aside when he
hired Orpheus. We're not ex-
actly big on due process, in case
you were wondering.

Instead of leaving, though,
the himbo stopped and looked around. Then, carefully,
he moved over to Mr. Friedlander's dresser and dropped
something from his clenched right hand on it. It rattled
twice on the dresser's wood top, then settled to a rest.
Himbo looked at it, giggled and did his best to sneak
out.

Just before leaving, he stopped and stood in front of
the double doors and, so help me God, I thought for an
instant he was staring at me. He smiled, then turned
and walked out.

On the way out, he slammed the double doors. I
found myself sincerely hoping he took up a life of crime
so some guys I knew on the force would have something
to laugh about. Footsteps clattered down the stairs, and
then, faintly, | could hear a door open and close. I
counted to a hundred, just in case the clever boy
discovered he'd done something stupid again like leav-
ing his wallet behind, then slid out through the closet
door. After a moment's hesitation, I walked over to the
dresser to see what he'd put there. It was no easy tz

The entire top of the dresser was covered in
crumpled receipts, loose change, unpaired socks and
less identifiable bits. It took me a moment to figure out
what belonged there, and what didn't. It a chess
piece; a simple, cheap bit of black plastic that no one
had bothered trimming the flash from. It lay there,
facing the wall, and my blood ran cold.

It was a bishop.
I turned, but not fast enough. Something caught
me across the chin and sent me flying. I spun around


4

and tried coming to my feet, just in time to catch a kick
to the underside of my chin. My head snapped back and
I staggered forward a step or two, which gave my
attacker enough time to planta vicious combination in
my gut.

The newcomer was tall, taller than I was, and his
head was shaved. He wore what looked like prison
blues with the sleeves pulled off and the fringes slightly
blackened by fire; his arms were swirling masses of
tattoos. He had pale skin and paler eyes, and a scar on
his left cheek that twisted his mouth up into a perma-
nent sneer.

he said, and took another swing
before I could answer. I ducked out of the way, barely,
and threw myself into a roll that took me past him. He
swung again, wildly this time, but I didn't take the
opening. I wasn't sure I could beat this guy and I didn't
know if he'd brought along friends, so running seemed
like the brightest of the batch of really dim ideas I had.
I lurched to my feetand started running for the doors....

I didn't make it.

Witha shout of "You ain't going nowhere," the con
leaped and caught me. The two of us tumbled to the
floor in a tangle of limbs, each throwing weak punches
at the other. I swung a lucky elbow that caught him on
the jaw, which threw his head back. Taking advantage

"Surprised, prag

of the momentary opportunity, I twisted and threw all
my weight to the left.

We rolled. His eyes widened when he realized what
I was doing, but then we were through the bedroom
wall and falling.

We crashed onto the grass. "What d'you want with
me?" I said, but he recovered first, wrenching free of my
grip and landing a solid cross to my che

"Bishop wants you, Rubinelli," he said, and threw
another punch. I put my arms up to block it, which
proved to be a mistake; my assailant tore himself free.
He bounced to his feet while I climbed to mine, then
threw a flurry of punches I barely countered.

"Why the hell does Bishop want me?" | asked, and
I tried to sneak a leg sweep past his guard. No dice; he
simply took a step back and then tattooed my gut with
a series of kicks.

"He wants you bad, man. That's good enough for
me." A cold chill went down my spine. I'd run into
Bishop on my last time out, and I had barely
Near as I could tell, he was a projector like me, most
likely a sleeper, and he was one evil son of a bitch. I'd
heard of him before, of course. Everyone does, after all,
but not in name. He's the bogeyman of projectors, the
one guy they always warn you about in vague terms and
dire threats.

survived.


, east eer a
And somehow, last mission, I'd pissed him off. Now
he wanted me dead.

I feinted a kick at the guy's crotch. You don't actually
have dangling testicles when you're projecting, but the
teflex to protect the family jewels is still there, and my
playmate obediently covered up. I thanked him by deliv-
eringan open-fist punch to his throat and then another to
his solar plexus. He gasped in pain, then smiled at me.

Itwasn't pretty. I stared back, my hands balled into fists.

"Tell Bishop to leave me the hell alone. I want no part
of him, okay? Just let me do my job and I'll never cross
paths with him again."

"Too late," the con said, and his hands suddenly
melted away. The fleshy stumps at the ends of hi
shimmered foramoment before resolving themselves into
wickedly sharp blades, like the world's cheesiest CGI
effect. His grin widened, and I noticed that most of his
teeth were rotten, misaligned fangs. He took an experi-
mental swipe with one of his blades, and I swear I could
hear the air whistle.

"Tcutyou here, you get hurt in the real world," he said,
leering and stepping forward. "Ain't no doctor that can
put a bandage on your soul once I slice it."

arms

"You're right," I said, and ran.

He didn't catch me. Maybe the stunt with his hands
took more out of him than I thought, or maybe he just let
me go. I didn't know, and I didn't care. I just ran. I ran until
I couldn't hear anyone behind me any more, until that
nasty itching between my shoulder blades stopped, until
my hands finally stopped shaking. Then I satdown and did
my best impression of a deep breathing exercise until I
could put together a complete sentence in my head
without screaming.

Eventually, my feet took me back to the Nursery. It
took a long time, though. Every alley I walked past was
potential ambush, and every corner seemed to have
Bishop and his entire army waiting to pounce.

Isaw no one, of course. No thugs accosted me, which
was probably for the best. Once the reaction to the fight
wore off, I'd found m n serious pain. My playmate —
the bastard hadn't even given me a name — had done a
number on my jaw, and [ hurt a dozen other places as well.
l imagined that deep in the Nursery, someone was apply-
ing cold compresses to the nasty bruises that suddenly
appeared on my theoretically sedentary bag of bones. At
least, that's what I hoped was happening. I wasn't looking
forward to waking back up in my body — my real one
and dealing with the pain all over again.

The whole thing stank, of cours
ambush. Bishop's boy knew I was going to be there all
along. Bishop staged the whole thing for my benefit, and

It was clearly an

fed aes Meyer

now, with the sort of genius that hindsight generally

provides, | realized it had been a setup all along. The extra
money? Diaz's contrite little speech? Honey to bait the
trap. I'd played, and played beautifully, but I had to
confess, she didn't exactly have to work too hard at it.
And the worst thing was, I'd even given her part of my
cut. Furious at myself, I trudged back to where my body lay
and thought about the questions I was going to ask Miss
Diaz the next time I saw he
eee

»

"Where the hell is Di:

I tried sitting up and made it halfway before a wave of
nausea swept over me.

"Lay down, Mr. Rubinelli. Everything's going to be all
right." The doctor's voice was calm and soothing, and
exactly what I didn't want to hear just then. | also didn't
want orderlies holding me down, people buzzing around
me concerned, or my body feeling like an elephant had
just stepped on me.

What I wanted was to hear Rebecca Diaz's voice, so
I could get up off this goddamned couch and shake a few
answers out of her. But she wasn't there. Angry, I tried
again. "I need to talk to Diaz," I said, shoving the helpful
hands away.

"Mr. Rubinelli!" The doctor sounded shocked. He
was a short, heavyset man with a red face and a unibrow,
and he was clearly used to having people listen to what-
everhesaid. "Youare badly hurt. I must insist you lay down
and rest, or I'll have you sedated and you won't have any
choice in the matter." Behind him, one of his assistants
brandished a hypodermic of something that I assumed was
suitably soporific.

I slid off the couch and my feet slapped against the
floor. A jolt of pain ran up my left side, but I ignored it.
"Listen, Tubby—"

Ay name is Dr. Luca

Youcan tell

Dr. Tubby. You have two choic
me where Rebe s, at which point I will be a good
boy and lay back down like you asked me to, or your
ant can stick his needle in my ass after | run you over
trying to get out of here. Which is it going to be?"

His mouth formed a sort of lopsided "O." I looked left
and right, and saw people shaking their heads. "What?" I
asked. "What?"

"That's right, youdon't know." Dr. Lucas
now, and gentle. I was in no mood for it.

"Of course I don't know, I was out of my freaking body
for the last ten hours. Now would someone please be so
kind as to tell me what the hell is going on?"

"I'm sorry, Mr. Rubinelli. Miss Diaz is dead."

assist


I stood there, mouth open, unable to understand what
he'd just said. "When," I managed to croak out. "How?"

The doctor's voice wassoothing, reassuring. "They found
her in herapartment this evening, on her bathroom floor." A
grim smile tugged at the comer of his mouth. "Heart attack.
Neighbors heard her calling for help; the police had to break
down the door."

I blinked at him, wordless.

"Now, Mr. Rubinelli, please, get back up on the couch."

I shook my head. "Take me to her."

Hesighed. "Won't do you any good. Her family's already
claimed her body. Ir'll be a private service for the funeral. Her
father insisted."

"Damn it, this isn't right!" Something about the whole
thing nagged at me, but I couldn't put my finger on it. Numb
and suddenly exhausted, I let them put me back on the couch
and tend to my injuries. Most were minor, but I'd only barely
escaped a few broken bones, and it was Dr. Lucas' considered
opinion that I'd be pissing blood fora couple of days from the
pounding my kidneys took. Still, it could have been much
worse. I could have ended up like poor Dit

Eventually, they decided I could nap for a while before
heading home and left me alone. I closed my eyes and let the
humofthe Nursery ull metosleep. Poor Diaz, I thought. Barely
dead and her parents sticking her in the ground before anyone had
achance to say goodbye decently.

Her parents. ...

I sat bolt upright.

Diaz's parents had died 15 years ago. She'd told me that
herself one time when I was being a particular pain in the ass
about having to drive home for Thanksgiving. "Be thankful
you've got them," she said. Her words had cut like ice.

Withagroan, [ heaved myselfoffmy couch. The pain was
bearable, if I didn't do anything stupid, like walk.

I took a deep breath and walked toward the exit. The
associate on monitorduty looked up from herdesk with alarm.
"Mr. Rubinelli! You're not supposed to be walking around."

"T do lots of things I'm not supposed to," | replied, and
threw my best fratboy leerat her. Ithad the desired effect. She
blushed and turnedaway, and in that instant] did the stupidest
thing imaginable: I ran.

.

Diaz lived in one of the
new gated communities up
along 202, all stucco facades,
swimmingpoolsandblackiron
gates that a real burglar could
have bypassed in 30 seconds
flat. Unfortunately, my days
of breaking and entering are
inthedistantpast,soI decided

expression

Pi

Her lips were the grey of
rotted /meat, and her

infinite sadness.

I'd take the easier way in. I pulled my car (brand new 300Z,
black paint job — I told you this gig paid nicely) into the
parking lotofastrip malla few blocksdownand closed my eyes.
The front seat of a car, even a nice car, isn't the ideal place to
go under, but it'll do in a pinch.

Within a minute, I was out of my body and heading
back for her place:

The gate was closed when | got there, not that it mattered
—| just stepped on through, then looked for Diaz's apartment.
Thad a vague memory of the address —she'd invited me to her
housewarming, back in the day, and I remembered the number
because it matched my mother's birthday. Otherwise, I had no
real sense of where it was in the complex, so it took me half an
hour of scouting to find the right building. They were all
identical, arranged in no particular order and set up so that the
greatest number of parking spaces could be squeezed onto the
leastamount of asphalt. Some genius, however, had been kind
enough to stick small signs directing people to the appropriate
buildings. Off to the left were 100 through 800, 900 to 1500
were straight ahead and 1600 to 1900 were on the right.

Diaz lived — had lived — in 908. It was a fi
apartment, and someone at the party had teased het
it not being safe. She'd torn him a new one. It didn't seem
so funny now.

Ittook a moment to find 908's front door, and another to
find the corresponding back patio. After the Friedlander
incident, no way was I going in the front door again. Instead,
I moved across the patio, pockmarked with cheap green lawn
furniture, and listened for sounds inside. There weren't any. I
smirked. This was starting to sound familiar. Gently, I slipped
through the glass door and into the apartment.

Everything wasas I remembered it from the housewarm-
ingtwoyearsback. Clearly her"parents" hadn'theen by toroot
through the place. Books still sat on bookshelves, and DVDs
still rested on the floornearthe TV. On the wall, a tasteful wall
hanging showed something that looked like llamas in grays
and tans. The refrigerator hummed merrily to itself. Itseemed
quite peaceful.

"Come on out, Rebece:
me this time."

| said. "You're not fooling

She came out of the bedroom, eyes wide and face gaunt. I
could see how translucent
herskinwas, howblack trac-
eries of veins showed in the
fleshandthroughthewhites
ofhereyes. Herlipswere the
grey of rotted meat, and her
expression was one of infi-
nite sadness. "I suppose I
should say I'm sorry, Tony,"
she said, but I held up my
hand, stopping her.

Was one of

"No apologies. They're a waste of time. You're really dead,
aren't you?"

Sheshookherhead."No.Notreally. Notinawaythatmatters."

"What the hell is that supposed to mean?" | took a step
toward her, and she drew back.

"Youcan't understand it, Tony. Not yet, anyway. Not until
Bishop's finished with you." Her voice was quiet and even. I'd
heard that tone before, in the voices of kids I'd pulled out of cults.
Ithad pissed me off then, and it was pissing me off now.

"What happens when | finish with Bishop, you mean. Jesus,
Rebecca, you nearly got me killed out there. You set me up, you
let him kill you. Friedlander, the job, the whole thing- why?"

She shrugged hopelessly. "Because he asked me to."
Very softly, she added, "I was hoping it wouldn't hurt."

"Gee, thanks." [reached for-
ward and grabbed her wrist.
"We're going back to Orpheus,
Diaz. I'm taking you with me,
and we're going to have one hell
of along talk."

"{ don't think so, Tony," she
replied, and threw me across the
room. [hit the ground hard, all the
day's earlier agony rising in my
throat to strangle me.

to my body.

vanced on me. "I really
amsonry, Tony," she said, "buthere's
where it ends. I knew you'd come
looking for me."

I lurched to my feet and tried
summoning some kind of defense,
butshe brushed my guardasideand
nearly took my head off with a
roundhouse Hernaikweregow- fast enough.
ing longer now, | saw, and sharper
as well. One sliced my cheek open, nearly to the bone. Another
whistled past my eyes. "Surrender," she said dully. "You can't get
away."

"Why are you doing this?' I asked, and ducked under
another swing. "What does Bishop have on you?"

Shesmiled, as if rememberinga pleasant memory. Her real-
life smile had been far more pleasant —all the teeth pointed the
same way, for one thing. "I met hima long time ago. I was afraid
of him then. I'm not afraid now."

Something clicked into place. "So that's why you quit
skimming. You were afraid you'd find Bishop again."

"Yes." Scales emerged on her skin now; the punch I landed
onhershoulder just skidded offharmlessly. "You found him, and
through you, he found me again. And now everything is going
to be all right."

Closing my eyes, I gave
thecommandthatwould
pull me back along my
silver cord, the invisible
comnectjon that held me

to do it this quickly be-
fore. I didn't know how
fast it would go, and |
didnt knowifit would be

"Everything indeed," said a voice behind me. Despite
myself, I tumed.

It was Bishop, as thin, quiet and intense as | remembered
him, with a preacher's smile and a killer's eyes. "It's a pleasure to
meet you again, Mister Rubinelli. So sad you won't be staying."

Myshoulder blades itched where Diaz's gaze touched them,
but I didn't look back at her. She wouldn't attack me now, not
while Bishop was talking. It would buy me maybe five seconds,
but that was all I needed.

"I'm leaving, Bishop. And I'm going to find you, and I'm
going to kill you."

"Youare, are you?" He leaned forward, andsomehow I could
smell rotting meat on his nonexistent breath. "Oh, I don't think
that's possible. Not any more."

"Tl find you," I promised.

He looked past me.
"Rebeccadearest," hesaid, "your
friend is boring me. Do some-
thing about it."

With a shriek, she leaped for
me. Closing my eyes, I gave the
command thatwouldpullmeback
along my silver cord, the invisible
connection that held me to my
body. I never had to do it this
quickly before. I didn'tknow how
fast it would go, and I didn't know
if it would be fast enough.

I never had

I could hear Rebecca's
screams and then, like a runaway
kite, I was gone. Rebecca's howl
faded in the distance. So did
Bishop's last words.

"I don't need a body any-
more. But you do."

Waking up in the car was less pleasant, if that were possible,
than waking up on the couch had been earlier. | slammed back
intomy body. My bruiseshad bruisesatop them, and my nose felt
like it was broken. I sucked each breath through sandpaper, but
I was alive.

Alive.

The word terrified me forsome reason, because I knew itno
longer applied to Bishop and Diaz.

"Tell Orpheus," | mumbled to myself. "You need to tell
someone at Orpheus, now." I threw the car into gear and pulled
out of the parking lot. Even tuming the steering wheel hurt like
hell, but I couldn' linger here, not so close to where they were.

Ittook mean extra half-hour to get back to the office. Diaz's
apartmentcomplex wason the way back,andsomething toldme
it was a good idea to take the long way around tonight.


Gole Sear: I see dead people..

INTRODUCT!ON

Maloolm Orowe: Dead people like, in graves? In coffins?

Oole Sear: Walking around like regular people. They don't see
each other. They only see what they want to see. They don't

know they're dead.

Maloolm Orowe: How often do you see them?

Gole Sear: All the time.
— The Sixth Sense

On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone

drops to zero.
— Pight Club

The book you now hold represents a new direction
for White Wolf Game Studio. While it is, indeed, the
core book for a new World of Darkness game featuring
the restless dead, it is also a great deal more than that. It
is an experiment rarely, if ever explored, or touched
upon in gaming. While the core book is indeed the main
sourcebook for a new game, it is also the first in a limited
run series. That's right. The story of this unique game
unfolds over successive supplements, six in all including
this book, each revealing some new information (both
mechanical and narrative) while taking the setting
whole forward another step.

The entire concept on which the series is predicated
is based on the cinematic experience. Most films (and
almost every suspense/thriller) follow a certain outline
by which they narrate a story to greatest effect and with
the greatest possible impact on viewers. This six-part
limited run series follows that formula, with the first
book acting like the first 20 minutes of the film, intro-
ducing the major characters and establishing the
elements of both the story and setting. From here, the
action and tension only increase (and at an exponential
rate) with each successive release, until the final book in
the series, which resolves all loose ends and allows the
characters to affect reality in truly dramatic ways.

Welcome to the world of Orpheus.

ORFPHEUSGROUPF

Each character in an Orpheus chronicle isa member of
a private, well-funded organization known as Orpheus
Group. The group's mission statement involves helping
distraught citizens obtain closure in matters pertaining to
departed friends and loved ones. Imagine what would
happen if the boy from The Sixth Sense grew up to form his
own "ghostbusting" organization and you're on the right
track. Rather than destroying or capturing ghosts, however,
Orpheus Group agents seek to understand and communi-
cate with them... mostly. The exact nature of each mission
varies with the client, of course (and on occasion, with
company directives). The company charges a nominal fee
for its services, of course, since without money, none of their
efforts would be possible.

Also known to the general public, however, is the
manner in which Orpheus Group accomplishes its task. It
carefully selects each prospective agent, for only those with
the right background can function in the capacity of agent.
Only those who survived multiple near-death experiences
make it past the initial screening phase, and even then, only
a handful makes it through the advanced training. Agents
of Orpheus Group can communicate with the dead because
they don't do the bulk of their work among the livi
they actually join the dead, by projecting their souls from
their bodies!


Someagentsaccomplish this through meditationalone,
but others (those who haven't mastered this technique) are
placed in a deep, coma-like state using cryogenics and
embalming cocktails to ensure their body stays "dead"
withoutactually undergoingnecrosis. From there, theagent's
soul is free to roam, and in this state, he can and will
encounter other spooks. Neither is character option limited
there. Orpheus also "employs" ghosts, those people with the
wherewithal to survive past death. Between Orpheus' so-
called "projectors" and ghosts, the afterlife is mankind's
newest frontier.

It is from these perspectives that characters will expe-
rience the series as it unfolds, and itis in this state they will
come tosee their world for what it truly is.

THE WORLD OF
ORFPHEUS

Orpheus' setting is the World of Darkness, a world
very similar to our own, but different in unpleasant ways.
The world of Orpheus Group is a reality twisted by the
unwavering attentions of the supernatural. Evil, frustra-
tion, insecurity and malice are all commonplace here. It is
also a world of teetering imbalance, where the cosmic cycle
is not so much a given as it is in our reality; a place that
denies many souls their proper reward after death and
corrupts others still by their own ill virtues.

On the surface, the World of Darkness looks like the
"real world" we all know. Civilization advances to the same
degree, it shares the same history and the daily ebb and flow
of life continue muchas they always have by our reckoning.
But here, that which despoils and suffers gets the lion's
share. Where there should be violence, there is unfathom-
able brutality; where graft exists, one finds deep rooted
corruption instead. Much more present in this world than
in ours is the ubiquitous undercurrent of both horror and
myste nd
stymie those few who seek solutions to its ineffable myster-
ies. This is where even fears have edges, and where hope's
light is more than a little faded. This is a blighted place
where restless ghosts walk the earth by night... and day.

This is the World of Darkness. Stay a while...

nANnHINO
ASCENDANT

Perhaps pivotal to Orpheus isa near-unstated fact that
humanity is important and central to the environment.
People are not the victims of supernatural "others," and the
ability of some to project is almost entirely human-centric.
In fact the game isn't about spooks or projected entities
existing outside society; their interactions with people are
what factor most significantly. Ghost stories are intrinsi-
cally and terribly human, and unlike vampires and
werewolves, which shun that aspect of themselves or make

and isnolonger.

The world's problems are more pronounced 4

i A a

a concerted effort to remain alienated by virtue of their
existence, Orpheusand its ghostsare about people. Orpheus
Group is about people's ingenuity and their exploration of
the afterlife. It's about helping one another regardless the
relative costs to ourselves.

GHOST STORIES
FORGHOSTS

Beyond the rules and nifty effects, Orphet
about telling ghost stories for ghosts. One of the most
significant aspects to telling a ghost story is maintaining
the air of mystery and suspense, the one that sets the
reader's own imagination working against him. Stephen
King once said that until the audience or reader "sees"
the monster, it is a creature of unfathomable horror
because the viewer's/reader's imagination adds the per-
sonal touches he believes frightening. Once folks see the
thing or read its description, however, they're generally
disappointed because it rarely meets the expectation
they established in their own heads. People want to be
scared, and will add those necessary elements into a
story that frighten them the most. Once you say "this is
how it is," however, your description will rarely surpass
their personal criteria. Think of Alien, which was a great
horror flick for offering partial views of the creature and
never revealing its full dimensions. What kept the
monster frightening was that constant uncertainty
throughout the story. Other films show the monster
from the get-go, using the action as the movie's vehicle
and mistaking suspense for fright; this often degrades
into gory slasher fictions and films. Once you had seen
Freddy, Michael or Jason in full glory, none of the
sequels could do the originals justice. The films went
from horror to pure schlock because the villain lost all
mystery and had to rely on a new gimmick to horrify
audiences. Worse yet, achieving horror in gaming is
even more difficult when the creatures in question are
not only exposed visually, but fully statted out like a
baseball card.

s is also

Therefore, while this series possesses definitive
parameters, those constraints are revealed slowly and
over time. In part it is to maintain the element of
suspense and surprise by revealing things in small
measures, but it also liberates the Storyteller from
adhering to "established" canon. Orpheus is what you
make of it, and you can forgo certain events or direc-
tions because the story you're telling with the players
is ultimately more important than White Wolf dogma.
So go ahead and tell your ghost stories for ghosts
without defining all the parameters. Effective horror
is about restricting the viewer's senses or robbing
them of their certainties. It's about describing the
noise and not that which made the noise. It's about
describing the shadow and not what cast the shadow.


HOW TOUSE THIS
BOO

Orpheus falls into five main chapters and an appen-
dix, each of which explores and explains a broad area of
the game. You'll find all the rules and systems you need
to play Orpheus, and will not strictly need any subse-
quent releases to find fulfilling entertainment. The rest
of the series is presented so players and Storytellers can
take their troupes through the metaplot we have in store
for them. Each book, however, also includes enough
information for Storytellers maintaining the status quo
of a specific book or running her own style of chronicle.
Each book adds all-new possibilities to character cre-
ation and development, as well.

THE MOVIE MODEL

Orpheus applies a movie model to the limited series.
Most movies follow a very basic structure. The first 20
minutes or so establishes the situation. Look at Stir of
Echoes, where we watch Kevin Bacon interact normally
with his family and surroundings. In Dragonfly, Kevin
Costner's wife is dead, and he's burying himself in work. In
The Sixth Sense, Bruce Willis is a successful doctor now
approaching a seemingly troubled boy.

The first major plot twist comes into play 15 to 20
minutes in, after we establish the world's reality; the
twist then helps frame the action for the series. Think
about it. Twenty minutes to establish Ripley's return in
Aliens before the first major plot twist... we're going
back with the marines. Hollow Man... 20 minutes into
the flick, Bacon tests the drug on himself. Deep Blue
Sea... the shark breaks into the facility. Thirteen Ghosts/
House on Haunted Hill/The Haunting... welcome to the
house. These are the story elements that send the
characters on their way to adventure, whether willing or
unwilling. This changes the realities of the characters'
lives as they stood a few moments ago, kicking off the
action and the movie the readers were promised in the
previews. In Stir of Echoes, Kevin Bacon is hypnotized
and undergoes his first encounters with the supernatu-
ral. In Dragonfly, Kevin Costner has his first overt
brushes with the afterlife in the form of the bald-headed
boy. In The Sixth Sense, Haley Joel Osment agrees to
Bruce Willis' help.

The next segment deals with characters getting
trounced by the situation, possibly with several twists
more to keep the action from growing stale. Aliens: The
aliens hand the marines' asses to them, the facility is
about to go nuclear, the aliens breach the facility,
corporate snitch betrays Ripley, etc. Numerous plot
twists make for good action some directors believe, and
Orpheus is certainly applying that model with liberal

brushstrokes. The characters are victimized by circum-

stance, buffeted about by the moment or outside force
that threw them together. This is an important series of
steps that normally covers the next 40 to 90 minutes of
the flick. It's the characters' progression where multiple
ordeals and minor twists along the way galvanize and
bring them together as a team after some period of
duress. Many movies have three or four such twists with
one significant event smack dab in the middle of the
movie. In Stir of Echoes, the minor twists are the contin-
ued hauntings that threaten to tear the family apart. The
major scene revolves around Kevin Bacon trying to help
the ghost. In Dragonfly, the minor events are Costner's
encounters with the supernatural and the questions that
arise from them. The linchpin scene is his discussion
with the nun, when he finally admits that he believes in
everything that's happened (and the nun confirms his
beliefs). In The Sixth Sense, the minor turning points
include various hauntings and incidents, while the s
nificant event is Bruce Willis finally believing in the
supernatural as well.

The last 20 minutes of the movie deals with the
resolution, where the character turns from victim to hero.
The last 20 minutes is where the characters scheme and
plottoforcea resolution in their favor. The characters hunt
for Freddy Kruger, Ripley goes to rescue Newt, the charac-
ters havea way out of the house, etc. This final point carries
us through the last segment of the movie. For some, this
transition might be accepting one's fate, while for others, it
means fighting against it. Regardless, the final plot twist
usually coincides with a change in the characters or their
perceptions. In Stir of Echoes, Kevin Bacon realizes where
the girl's corpse is buried. In Dragonfly, Costner finally
understands what his wife's been trying to tell him, and goes
to find the rainbow. In The Sixth Sense, the troubled boy
finally faces his fears and chooses to help the spirits rather
than fear them. The twist endings in Stir of Echoes ,
Dragonfly and The Sixth Sense are just that, twist endings
that draw upon subtle story elements to offer some fore-
shadowing without the audience ever knowing they were
being told.

Watch almost any Hollywood flick and time it...
it'll follow this outline like clockwork.

With that model in mind... Orpheus, the core
book, establishes the world's realities or what players
should expect of life around them like the opening
premise of the movie, those first 15 to 20 minutes before
the major plot twist. Like 13 Ghosts, however, the
beginning is also thunder and blood...

CHRPTER BRERHOOWN

Aside from the Prologue and Introduction, Orpheus
has five main chapters and one appendix with vital informa-
tion for the game. Read the material, take care to skip over


the Storyteller-only portions (if you plan on playing
Orpheus), then throw everything out the window if need be
and play the style of game you want. We haveastory in mind,
but it doesn't mean you're stuck here having to listen to it.

Also, bear in mind that you will find supporting
persona sidebars in chapters Two and Five. Because there
is no "city-book" for the series, we included example
supporting characters to best illustrate a type of monster or
character type, thus providing the Storyteller with ready-
made personalities to interject into any chronicle.

Chapter One: World of the Dead contains material
for everyone to read, and it covers the realities of the world
as understood by the world. Therefore, the material is often
in-character, meaning it's told through a variety of media
including newspaper clippings, emails, phone call tran-
scripts, etc. This allows us to flavor the world without
revealing the meta-plot overtly or establishing "canon."
Thischapterdealsspecifically with Orpheus Group, people's
reactions to it and how it operates.

Chapter Two: Shades, Laments and Horrible Things
acquaints the reader with their characters, as well as their
capabilities. Therefore it is for Storyteller and player alike.
This chapter covers the different "classes" or Shades of
character, as well as their powers or Horrors. This chapter
also encompasses the four "races" of supernatural entities in
Orpheus called Laments.

Chapter Three: Character Creation is where we take
the players and Storytellers through the process of making
a character.

Chapter Four: Working the System is where we
touch upon the game's mechanics and basic rules. While
this may seem of interest to Storytellers mostly, we recom-
mend players familiarize themselves with the rules so they
know what they're capable of achieving.

Chapter Five: Storytelling the Dead is strictly for the
Storyteller,andincludesnotonly advice on playingOrpheus
and involving the characters, but it contains a section
called Twisted Reflections to arm the Storyteller with a
who's who of antagonists.

Appendix: Ghost Stories finally wraps up everything
with ready-to-play stories written as Orpheus mission brief-
ings for those Storytellers and players eager to start a game
right away. Using the literary axiom of "show, don't tell,"
the ghost stories also allow players to discover several
secrets about the world through their characters' experi-
ences. In that capacity, players are pivotal to the game. This
section is strictly for Storytellers.

SERIES BSREARHOOWN

Following the core book, the game's limited run
progresses in much the same manneras would the action
of a suspense film, with events building up with each
sive revelation (supplement). These metaplot

events reach their climax in the final book of the series,
with the progression as follow

Supplement One — Crusade of Ashes: "This is
Radio-Free Death, broadcasting <Static> all the ghosts and
projectors out there <Static> survived the <Static> your
heads down and <Static> ever stop running. <Static> won't
stop chasing you."

Supplement Two — Shades of Gray: "<Static>
reporting at least hundreds dead... and they're all <Static>
here! Oh, God! <Static> happening again... <Static> Ra-
dio-Free Death, signing out."

Supplement Three — Shadow Games: "<Static>
appeared in the sky. <Static> know what became of the rest.
<Static> terrible liability, now that we know <Static> they
serve. <Static> comes to that, we all may be in much bigger
trouble <Static> we think..."

Supplement Four — The Orphan-Grinders: "This
is Radio-Free Death <Static> one last time. <Static> never
thought we would see the day <Static> To all who remain,
if there's any hope left at all, it will be <Static>."

Final Supplement — End Game: <Static>

GAME TRAITS

As dition to the World of Darkness, Orphe
introduces several strange game mechanics into gaming
vocabulary. As stated in the Lexicon below, some are "in-
game" terms used by Orpheus Group agents, and some
aren't. Regardless, these new Traits are core to the game
and will likely feature prominently throughout the series

anew

iS

Foremost among the game's core mechanics are
Vitality and Spite. Together, these two Traits form the
core of every character's being. Ina real sens
"body" is only the psychological projection of his soul's
emotional state and identity. Thus, one's Vitality is both
his energy supply and his body, making Vitality the
single most key Trait during gameplay. Spite is Vitality's
evil twin; all the negative energy and emotions the
character allowed to fester in the darkest recesses of his
psyche. When Spite overtakes Vitality, the character
begins slipping away from the person he believes, or
wants to believe, himself to be.

| aspook's

Related to, and affected by, these two core Traits are
what are known as Stains — mutations to one's ghostly
form resulting when personal insecurities and anxieties
warp a character's very self to a significant
degree. Each Stain makes the character seem all that
much more inhuman, and those with multiple Stains
barely resemble the people they are (or were) in real life,
at all.

Character creation for Orpheus is slightly different
from other World of Darkness characters, as well. Rather
than a series of "splats" (nice and easy character groupings,
like clan, tribe, tradition or house), characters in this game
are, to a great extent, more personalized. Each character


Tecelv
five: Banshee, Haunter, Poltergeist, Skinrider and Will-o'-
the-Wisp) and a Lament ("race" of ghost or projected
entity, of which there are two classes: ghost and projector,
and two subsets each), but more than anything, it is one
Nature and role option that determines the core of his
personality. These mechanics are in place to allow for
individuals to remain individuals, while still providing
some ry stratification (you can find details on
tion in Chapter Three)

Lexicon

As with any organization, Orpheus agents have
their own slang and verbal shorthand to describe their
existence, their powers and situations they fall into. The
terms used are generally of two sorts. Some are easy

nece

character cri

colloquialisms coined by agents on the job, with a
natural prejudice towards the dramatic and descriptive.
entists and researchers from the Orpheus Group
created the others, leaning more towards scientific ter-
minology, precise phrasing or complicated jokes in
classical languages that only one agent in a hundred
understands. Agent slang is far more common than

researcher slang — among agents, at least.

The game, too, fair share of specific terms and
phrases, and without a guide of sorts, the lot may very well
up before long. Thus, the most
important game terms are also presented here for your
reference, with (IC) indicating the entry is used mostly "In
Game" and (OC) as pure gaming terminology. Thos
without designations are used in both situations.

its

degenerate into alphabet

Beach: Vacation or down-time between missions;
usually a week or longer.

Big Bad, The (IC): A powerful ghost or projected
entity commanding several others or controlling a group
of humans in some way.

Black Heroin: Pigment (q.v.)

Blips: Ghosts with 2 or 3 Vitality, generally inter-
preted as near-functional by agents. "We've got two
blips here; I think I can handle it, but be ready to send
in backup." Also called "reactives" (IC) by Orpheus.

Breaker (IC): Slang term for a Poltergeist.

Control Freak (IC): Slang term for a Skinrider.

Cradles: Sleeper cryo-suspension tubes. Also called
"coffins" (IC).

Crucible: A circle of ghosts and projected entities; to
indicate a group's disparate interests working together. "So
they asked our crucible to look into the mess..."
Deadheads (IC): Pigment addicts. "I hate dead-

heads — it's like they can see us."

Death Merchants: Freelance mercenary projectors.
Drones: Ghosts with | Vitality; ones on the bottom
tung of the disembodied scale from a character's per-

es a Shade (character template of which there are

aw 9

spective: "Nothing but drones here." Often called "static
repeaters" (IC) by Orpheus agents.

Flicker (IC): Slang term for a Wisp.

Fumigation: A mission involving ridding a place of
ghosts and projected entities, usually by destroying them;
morecommonly used by researchers than agents. "Today':
assignment is a straight fumigation run...."

Gauze: A spook's bod appearance.
"Its gauze was in pieces, and it didn't have any fight left."

Ghosts: Nonprojecting spooks. There are two types
of character ghosts: spirits (or normal ghosts) and hues
(pigment users). "So we figured it was a ghost, but we
weren't sure whether it was a hue or not..."

Go Zero (IC): When a skimmer leaves her meat
behind and projects out of her body. "She went zero in
five seconds flat; I was impressed."

reference to it

Horrors: Powers used by projectors or ghosts. "How
was I supposed to know he had a horror like that?"

Horror Show (IC): Illegal operation where a client
hires Orpheus to terrify the target, usually reducing him
to insanity (or a nervous breakdown) or causing a
(possibly fatal) accident.

Hue: A ghost who was a pigment user in life,
essentially different from a spirit.

Jason:
or Spectres, and acting in a violent, homicidal, ser
killer sort of way.

s: Normal humans possessed by insane spooks

al-

Lament: A character's "race" or species, as defined
by projector or ghost. "Please state the target's Lament
in the box at the top of the form."

Maelstrom: A great event that swept away many
ghosts several years ago, but which little is known about at
themomentexcept for vague rumors and whispered stories.

Malkovich (IC): A term for a Skinrider's host or
someone being controlled.

Manifesting: A ghost's or projected entity's ability
to appear and interact with the living. "So then he
manifested, and things really went to hell in a hand
basket."

Meat, The (IC): Slang term for the physical body
when a skimmer or sleeper abandons it to project. "She
left her meat behind and went through the wall."

Networking (IC): Sharing Vitality inside a cru-
cible. Used predominantly by agents.

Nothing, The: A rumor spread by some ghosts
about what lies beyond death for them, and what hap-
pens when a ghost is utterly destroyed. Understandably,
there's a lack of evidence.

Pigment: A new hallucinogen, also known as black
heroin, currently on the streets. Addictive but cheap,
and popular among the casual drug crowd (like college
students and ravers).


Plasm: Technical term for gauze.
Project Echo: The Orpheus Group's
creation and use of projectors.
Projectors: Humans who can send their souls out of
body. Some are skimmers (q.v.), some sleepers (q.v
but also called "projected/projecting entities." "We fig-
ured him for a projector; the hard part was finding where
he'd left his body."
Puppetmaster (IC): Slang term for a Skinrider.
Quick, The: Nobody at Orpheus knows how this
term came into parlance, but it's a reference to "the
quick and the dead," and thus indicates the living.
Rave (IC): Fight involving multiple spooks of any kind.
Ripcording (IC): Act of a skimmer returning to his
body immediately. Usually used as a last ditch method of
escape since the act damages the body.

investigation,

Screamer (IC): Slang term for a Banshee.

Shade: One of five types of character templates
governing a ghost's outlook.

Shroud, the: The mystical veil separating this world
from the one that's supposedly beyond it; known in some
circles as the "Stormwall."

Skimmers: An agent who projects from her body
using yogic techniques. "Skimmers get it easy, they just
drop the meat and go zero."

Sleepers: An agent who's been flatlined and whose
body is in cryogenic suspension. "Yeah, I'm a sleeper.
And yeah, I do miss the sex."

Snow Job (IC): Orpheus slang for a mi
looks too easy. "Looks like a snow job to me."

Special Effects (or F/X; IC): Any Horrors or
Stains. Often used in public situations when conversa-
tion needs to sound innocuous.

Spirit: A ghost-type Lament; spirits are the most
common form of ghost, and the two terms are often
interchangeable.

Spite: Negative energy and emotions that collect to
darken a spook's soul.

Spook: This refers to both ghosts and projecting
entities since ghost is actually a type of Lament; essen-

sion that

tially a ubiquitous term for anybody in gauze or without
a body.

Squatter (IC): Slang term for a Haunter.

Stains: Physical deformities that appear on some
ghosts and projecting entities who frequently give way
. They often
provide some sort of physical protection or advantage to

to violent passions or personal bitternes'

the character, however. "She was showing stains; nails
six inches long, teeth like a wolverine."

Thorns (OC): A Spectre's innate powers.

Vibe (IC): The possible presence of supernatural
elements. "I'm picking up a vibe."

oe A

Vitality: The force of personality of a spook; the
resonance of life within it. Drones and blips have scarcely
any Vitality, but crucibles typically have a high Vitality.

Wastelands, the: Rumored world of the dead being
ravaged by the Maelstrom on the other side of the Shroud.

LIVE-FACTION

While the majority of Orpheus games take place among
friends, around tabletop, the game is such that it needn't be
restricted to that medium. In place of dice and declarations
aboutacharacter's actions, a player can opt toexperience the
world and the thrill of being an Orpheus Group agent in a
more theatrical and dramatic fashion known as LARPing
(live-action roleplaying). This type of gaming shares much
in common with improvisational theatre, where the playet
actually dress in-character and act out their characters
scenes in real time. Rather than stating that one's character
is opening a door for his fellow crucible-mates, for example,
he would actually move to the door and open it for himself.
And if his fellow agents were on the other side of that door
in the story, then the players of those characters would (or
should) be there in life, as well.

Obviously, the players will still require some guid-
ance in the proper execution of the story, and there must
always be someone mediating disputes and issuing game
rulings; this is where the Storyteller comes in. Just like
in table-top gaming, the Storyteller establishes the pa-
rameters of the story for the players: The basic plot, the
setting of the game's action, any nonplayer characters,
and the like. From there, the Storyteller sets the players
loose to make the game their own, guiding them into
and around the plot along the way, while ensuring
everything runs smoothly and no players (or characters)
are left in the lurch.

As stated, live-action roleplaying typically
dice use since whipping them out in the middle ofa tense
scene tends to kill the drama a bit. Alternative systems,
ated by and presented in White Wolf's
Mind's Eye Theatre products, replace the need for dice
when determining random results and conflict resolu-
tion during play. With luck (and a troupe of good
players), most situations will resolve themselves through
roleplaying alone.

SAFEGURROS

Whatever system players and Storytellers use to
adjudicate game mechanics and conflict resolution,
some broad guidelines are necessary to ensure that live-
action play remains safe and enjoyable for everyone
involved. Unlike other rules in this book — rules con-
cerning game content and mechanics — the Golden
Rule does not apply to the following since these rules
govern safe and legal live-action conduct.

voids

such as those cre:


¢ No Touching: Period, and non-negotiable. All
combat and physical interaction must be handled through
some abstract system (such as Mind's Eye Theatre's Rock-
Paper-Scissors routine). No player should ever grab, strike
or otherwise accost another player (or Storyteller) during
the game, and the Storyteller has both a right and a
responsibility to enforce this rule at all times.

* No Weapons: Playing an agent of a secretive special
operations organization can fill one's head with images of
guns, car chases and fancy gadgets. And that's what makes
this rule all the more important in Orpheus games. Props
like evocative make-up and dress are perfect for live-action
games; weapons are not. No knives, no stakes and abso-
lutely NO firearms of any kind. If a character carries a
weapon, it should be represented by an index card with the
word (and any relevant stats the item possesses) written on
it. During combat challenges, this card is then presented
and used to simulate the weapon in play.

¢ Play in Designated Areas: Live-action roleplaying
is meant to take place in a home or other predetermined
space. Regardless of where the gaming is held, it is impor-
tanteveryone in the area understands exactly what's taking
place. Some games (especially those involving make-be-
lieve ghosts and projected entities, for example), may look
disturbing or even frightening to those who aren't aware of
what's going on. Don't try involving bystanders or pass-
ersby (and certainly don't act like they can't see you
because you're a ghost). Not only is such behavior imma-
ture, it could lead to some major trouble of the real-world
variety.

¢ Known When to Stop: If the Storyteller or Narrator
calls fora time-out or other break in the action, the players
must stop immediately. The Storyteller remains the final
arbiter of all that transpires in his game. To wit, when he or
she calls the game for the evening, put the costume (and
props) away for the night.

© It's Only a Game: The point of all games is to have
fun, and Orpheus chronicles are no exception. If a
not accomplished or one's character dies (again), it's not
the end of the world for the player. Don't take the shared
world created by the players and the Storyteller too se
ously. After all, it's only fictional death. Sure, getting
together at Denny's after the game to chow down and geek
out is not only fine, but customary in some circles. But
calling the Storytellerat home at the crack of early to pester
him about changing a rule is taking things a bit too far.

RECOMMENDED
MIEWING

Because the game's very design is patterned after a
cinematic experience, several good films and television
series may serve as inspiration, if not outright fodder, for
Orpheus stories. Obtaining just the right feel and mood is

goal is

one of the most important things a Storyteller can accom-
plish in running these games, and the following sources of
aesthetic should help in that regard:

The Changeling: George C. Scott gives a wonderful
performance asa composer who moves intoa new (but old)
house after the death of his wife and son.

The Devil's Backbone: A positively gorgeous film about
the ghost of a dead boy at an orphanage in war-torn Spain.
Possibly Guillermo del Toro's finest film.

Dominique: In this oldie but goodie, Jean Simmons
shines as a woman who hangs herself and comes back to
haunt her beast of a husband.

The Fog: Tells the story of asmall coastal town beset by
all manner of creepiness after a strange fog rolls in from the
sea. One of John Carpenter's best.

Ghost: It may bea little maudlin overall, but the scenes
of Patrick Swayze's character getting to know hisnewfound
existence are right on the money.

The Kingdom: Already acult classic, this bizarre Danish
miniseries focuses on the inhabitants of a modern hospital
built atop a medieval graveyard.

The Others: Nicole Kidman shinesas the mother of two
light-sensitive children living in an isolated house on the
Isle of Jersey during World War II.

Poltergeist: Tobe Hooper's wildly successful film about
a suburban family terrorized by malevolent spirits.

The Ring: Although criticized by some die-hards for
the "liberties" it takes with the original material, this
Hollywood remake of the Japanese film Ringu remains one
of the most terrifying and effective vengeful ghost stories
ever put to film.

Session 9: A slowand methodical descent into madn
concerning a five-man asbestos abatement crew that's
been hired to clean up a condemned mental hospital.

The Sixth Sense: Incredibly well-done thriller concern-
ing a psychologist encountering a child who can talk to the
dead. Ifforsome reason you've managed to avoid this movie
until now, best to go ahead and bite the bullet. It's a gem.

Stephen King's Rose Red: Made-for-TV miniseries about
a group of psychics in Seattle who try to re-energize the
"dead cell" of a huge manor named Rose Red.

Stir of Echoes: Faithful adaptation of Richard
Matheson's novel about a Chicago man whose reality
begins crumbling after he undergoes hypnosi

VIDEOGAME
MARONnESS&R CHEF
SPECIAL EFFECTS

For Storytellers with too much time on their hands,
take any of the horror games out there and pipe the console
through the VCR first. This allows you to record any scene
from your favorite horror game that you want to use against

ete


the troupe. Think of it as low-level special effects, recorded
ona videocassette. Great for establishing a setting shot of
a location, a power effect of a monster or any cut scene you
like enough to include in your game.

Eternal Darkness — Sanity's Requiem: For the
GameCube, this horror game isamong the more intelligent
selections out there with a great feel for "lurking" horror.
Interesting cut scenes include the opening cinema.

Fatal Frame: Sleeper hit video game on PS2 and X-Box
with a cool concept surrounding a haunted mansion and
snapping pictures of ghosts; great for those movie-moment
camera angles. You can use the photos you've taken of
ghosts to give players a visual for the ghosts they must hunt
in the game (as part of their briefing).

Resident Evil: Notthe movie! The first game has one puzz
involvinga keypad and getting the right pattems to unlocking
adoor. Because the screen focuses only on the keypad and not
the environment, Storytellers can pause the game at that
puzzle, then have the players try tosolve the puzzle as part of the
story. This also works on the many Horror-survival games out
there with their own puzzles (that focus only on the puzzle and
not the game environment).

Silent Hill 1 and 2: Two video games that approach
horror with a slick, movielike quality. Beautiful atmo-
sphere pieces for Storytellers with the time to record
certain stages just for the visual feel of sets like an aban-
doned town or mist-covered pathways.

Thirteen Ghosts: Okay, not a video game, but worth
mentioning here for two reasons. Tony Shalhoub and
Matthew Lillard are always worth the watch, but not even
they can save this film from an atrocious script. Still... the
DVD's opening menu has throaty chanting and monstrous
SFX great for frightening players and characters alike. Just
pipe the sound through the stereo system and turn off the
television to establish mood with the chanting.

THE WORLD OF
DRRANESS

Fans of Vampire: The Masquerade and the other
World of Darkness games will doubtlessly wonder where
the Orpheus Group fits in. Which supernatural being really
controls the organization? The Giovanni? The Euthanatos?
Or some heretofore undi: ator?

Sorry. None of the above. Orpheus knows that
spooks exist, but have no evidence to suggest that other
supernatural beings are any more than legend or, more
likely, misinterpretation of ghostly acti The super-

INTRO,

np 25

natural denizens of the World of Darkness keep their
secrets very closely guarded, and Orpheus simply doesn't
look for them. Everything they see is filtered through the
lens of departed souls, and this willful tunnel vision
makes them especially susceptible to the concealing
efforts of the supernatural "community."

Likewise, these beings have not infiltrated Orpheus
(yet). The main reason is that, initially, Orpheus was too
young an organization to have attracted this kind of
attention. Now, while Orpheus is still nascent, it is
earning tremendous media coverage and is far more
visible than most supernatural beings would like. Many
fear approaching such an enterprise, knowing their own
secrets might be unearthed in turn.

This does not mean, of course, that vampires, mages,
etc., haven't noticed Orpheus and are not watching
carefully for ways to use the agency. It simply means
that, as of this
your chronicles, may use of any of the extensive settings
provided in other World of Darkness games. Just remem-
ber that Orpheus is an organization created by mortals
and for mortals, and it has no innate understanding of
any of the secret world's deeper mysteries. Even the
greenest neonate vampire might find their work just a
little pedestrian.

Again, White Wolf wants to present a new idea and
approach without the cosmological baggage brought on by
other World of Darkness lines. This makes the game more
accessible to new players unfamiliar with the intricacies of
the other supernatural races, and it allows us to concentrate
more on telling a single story without any extraneous
threads. This may change further into the series, but for
now, characters have plenty to worry about.

writing, none have succeeded. You, in

In game, Orpheus Group's research indicates that a
spook's powers can explain other supernatural fables or
stories. Animalistic ghosts possessing humans or
skinriders with a perverse sense of humor might well give
rise to all manner of werewolf legends — or similar
shapechanging creatures. Poltergeist, Haunter and Ban-
shee effects explain the more exotic stories of magic.
Folklore about vampires may well be pre-Orpheus sleep-
ers who left their bodies in some sort of trance state after
being buried alive, and might even have felt compelled
to drink blood due to cultural upbringing and native
beliefs. Occam's Razor holds; why try postulating further
supernatural entities when the existence of ghosts ex-
plains everything


Hoyt Masterson was not a nervous man by nature. He'd seen a lot of crazy
shit in his life. Hell, he'd dane a lot of crazy shit. But today was different.
Today he was doing something entirely unnatural, something... well, not being
a religious man he hesitated thinking that it violated God's plan, but it
was most definitely not within the realm of what Hoyt considered proper
or right.

"Second thoughts?" Dr. Murthy Chandrawati asked.

"More like thirds or fourths. This whole affair's giving me the heebie=
jeebies, Doc."

"There's absolutely no cause for concern, Mr. Masterson. Out in the field,
things can sometimes get a little hairy. But this is a controlled environment
where nothing gets in or out without us being aware of it. Trust me. You're
safe as houses."

"I just don't like the idea of shooting up with some sort of trippy
hallucinogen. I've seen first hand what that kinda shit can do +' folks."

"Don't concern yourself, Mr. Masterson," Dr. Chandrawati said absently,
tapping the air out of a small syringe. "The compounds we use here are
entirely natural and nonaddictive. Soon enough, the yoga techniques you've
heen studying will be 211 you'll need. The injections are just for beginners."

"I'm still not sure, Doc," Hoyt said, sitting bolt upright on the exam
table. "Maybe this ain't such a good idea."

"Well if you insist," the doctor countered, raising an eyebrow, "there
are always the sleeper cradles."

Hoyt thought long and hard about being locked into one of those stainless
steel coffins, about being frozen to death, his blood replaced by a synthetic
compound. About being dead for a month and a half until the doctors revive
him — or at least try to....

Suddenly, the injection didn't sound so bad.

"Naw, Doo. That's OK. I'm good. Just a case of stage fright's all."

"I'm glad to hear it Mr. Masterson. Now relax. You'll feel a slight pinch."

"Yow!"

"See, that wasn't so bad now was it?"

"It kinda burns."

"That's normal. Just relax... breathe, remember your exercises."

Hoyt remembered. He'd been prepped for this for weeks. He felt the initial
burning from the injection turn to a gentle warmth spreading from his left
arm to throughout his body. He'd been told to expect this, and wasn't too
worried. Hoyt concentrated on the warmth, envisioning it radiating outward
from a wellspring at the base of his spine. He then mentally planted the
warmth there, centering himself in that same spot. Then, he moved his
perception up his spinal cord, feeling the energy gather into whirling eddies
when it reached certain points along the way. First, at the midpoint between
his groin and his navel. Then, at the bellybutton. The heart. The throat.
By the time the energy that was Hoyt Mastersan's essence reached his forehead,
it was a barely contained geyser of vitality, threatening to break free.
When it reached the center=point of his skull, where spine and mind connect,
the dam burst.

Hoyt found himself standing next to his body, watching Dr. Chandrawati
writing down data from an EKG monitor hooked by a series of wires to Hoyt's
— the other Hoyt's — head. Hoyt reached a hand out to get the doctor's
attention, but it passed through the man's shoulder. Hoyt jerked his hand
back as though burned and stared down at it. He barely had time to register
it all before a body came hurtling through the wall to his right as if
it weren't even there, bowling him over in the process.

"Holy shit! What the fuck!" Hoyt managed.

"Oh, Jesus. I'm so sorry. Here, let me help you up," said a petite woman
with a Susan Powter haircut and tight jeans.

Hoyt gave her his hand and slowly stood. "What the Christ? You just came
through the God=<damn wall. That's unreal!"

"Oh, you must be the new guy. I'm another of the company spooks. Name's
Katherine Dennison, but everybody calls me Kate."

Hoyt's face broke into a broad grin as he regained his wits. "Pleased
to meet ya, Kate. Call me Hoyt."

"Hoyt, eh? Well Hoyt, let me tell you," Kate said, a faraway look piercing
her eyes, "I see great things in store for you. Unbelievable things."

"Unbelievable, huh? More unbelievable than this?" Hoyt said, his grin
growing even wider. "Tell me more."


CHAPTER ONE:

ey toon nis

Sweet zombie Jeebus! Did ya see what that thing
did to him with that fuokin' soythe? di.
—Hoyt Masterson after his first encounter with

- ae a Reaper »
Adam: We're not completely helpless, Barbara. |. %
I've been reading that book and there's a word
for people in our situation: ghosts.

= Bevtlejuice 4

oo ALL-GHOGT ISSUE
| HNN

main hat Lo e


The loyal readers of The Scrutinizer have always known that gho:
Since our presses first started rolling in 1963, we printed countless stories filled with first-person accounts
of spirits of the dead reaching out from beyond the grave to comfort their loved ones — or take bitter revenge
against those who wronged them. The ring of truth in these stories, whether poignant or terrifying, struck
a chord with many readers, who sent in their own, personal tales of ghostly encounters. Every single story
that you sent in, whether we printed it within these pages or not, we saved, carefully filed away for posterity.

are real.

Ladies and gentlemen, posterity starts now! The Scrutinizer proudly announces a ground-breaking agreement
with Orpheus Group, the company pioneering the push into the spirit world. In exchange for access to our
extensive paranormal records, Orpheus Group has appointed a professional post-life consultant to our staff, Ms.
Darcy Lamanna, to ensure our readers receive the information about the afterlife that they need and deserve. We
are proud to work side by side with Orpheus Group, scientists unafraid to buck the dogmatic assumptions of their
skeptical peers in search of The Truth.

This collaboration between The Scrutinizer and Orpheus Group has
pages of this special double-sized issue (an incredible bargain at the
Lamanna and our tireless archival staff reach deep into our files to take
ghost stories, with pop-culture references for those of you who lack personal experie: nee with ghostly visitors.
Ms. Lamanna also gives us an inside look at the brave and mysterious Orpheus Group agents, who push
through the boundary between life and death every day, for the betterment of humankind.

already borne fruit. Within the
ame cover price as a normal issue!), Ms.

acloser look at some of our most vivid

Enjoy our special issue, and come back to these pages every week for more in-depth analysis from Ms.
Lamanna and our professional staff of paranormal journalists!

otal nt

Nelson Fleshman, Editor in Chief

oPOOhs 101

or What Can You Do When You're Dead?

Whatis a ghost?

The answer is deceptively
simple: A ghost isa person'ssoul,
separated from his or her body by
death. While science is slow in
accepting the existence of ghosts
(and so, by definition, the soul),
many scientists would still love
toknow what constitutes ghos
how they sustain themselv
where they go.... While re-
searchers spend the next few
centuries in the lab, we'll go on
to more important questions!

Who becomes a ghost?

Maybe a loved one recently passed on. Perhaps you, or a member of
your family, are close to death. Maybe you're a staunch believer in the

Boy Scout motto "Be prepared" —after all, accidents, and worse, happen
every day. There might just be strange sounds echoing from your

ment. Or maybe you're simply insatiably curious about the super-
natural (like the staff here at The Scrutinizer). Whatever the reason, our
readers are clamoring to know: What's it like to be a ghost?

With the aid of our Orpheus Group expert, we put together a list of

basic questions and answers. Later in these pages, we'll discuss different
ghost types and the fantastic abilities they use to interact with the living
world. This primer gives you the basics, the commonalties all ghosts
share.

Again, this question has a
very simple answer: Anyone who
dies just might become a ghost.

igious, cultural or


( WHAT DO GHOSTS WANT? >

As unique as every ghost is, most want the same thing... to move on. Unfortunately, some ghosts are so
injured by the process of death that they don't actually realize that's what they want! These ghosts obs
something, maybe repeating the motions of their last day among the living, or protecting a loved one. They may
be so single-minded that they harm others in the pursuit of their imagined goals. Perhaps they scare or hurt the
person who movesinto their "living" space, orattack someone disciplining their child. "Ifa ghost becomes violent,
it's time for professional help," says Orpheus Group expert Darcy Lamanna. If Orpheus doesn't have a field office
nearby, you can always contact a local church group. If they don't have a priest or pastor who can perform an
exorcism, they can direct you to other available local resources. Beware con artists! There are many shady
characters around claiming to offer the same professional services as Orpheus (and a few credible competitors).
There are some legitimate freelancers out there, but many more crooks. Demand trustworthy references before
letting a stranger into your house!

son

On the extreme end of the scale are highly self-aware and benevolent ghosts. They choose to remain here,
postponing the rewards of the afterlife, because they are moved to help others— people or ghosts like themselves.
If you've ever miraculously avoided a bad accident, been warned away from a devastating course of action, or felt
and turns become too much to bear, maybe you've been helped by a ghost!

strangely comforted when life's twi

In the middle are average, every-day ghosts, who were once normal folks like you and me (isn't ita marvelous
| world where we can talk about every-day ghosts! ). They would prefer to move on to the afterlife, but may need
a little help. On her first day in our offices, Ms. Lamanna shared a story about the ghost of a young woman. She
was trapped here by the fear her house would burn down with the children inside because she'd left the toaster

plugged in. Ms. Lamanna went to her house, unplugged the toaster, and the young woman's ghost departed
| through a doorway of light. Even as an untrained lay person, you may be able to help a ghost too, particularly
the ghost issomeone you knew or were close to in life. But remember, ghosts can be tricky — it may not be a loved
one at all, but a cunning manipulator feeding from your memories and life force. "The terrifying ordeal of an
untimely death can change those we love for the worse," counsels Ms. Lamanna, "so if at any point you feel
uncomfortable or threatened, leave the area and seek help."

geographic group is more populous in the spirit world than any other
(though any honest paranormal researcher admits that taking a census
of the dead is problematic!). Orpheus Group believes the victims of a
sudden, violent death (accidents, murder and war) are more highly
represented, as are those who died feeling they left something undone.
Even the most organized and content person might die on a bad day, so
everyone should work out ghost contingency plans in advance with
their loved ones! (Go to "http://www.thescrutinizer.com" to download
our Ghost Planner today!)

What does a ghost look like?

Experts agree that, in their natural state, ghosts are incorporec
(meaning they have no material body) and invisible (meaning they
can't beseen). A ghost can choose to be seen, perhaps showing itself
as a glowing ball of light or a misty human figure. It might speak
in whispers, or communicate through written words or rapping in
Morse code. It might even form a material body of sorts, pulling
together objects, or dust and dirt, into a crude representation. Every
ghost looks different, of course, since each ghost was once a person.
Many ghosts also bear their death marks when appearing to the living,
but our experts are divided as to whether this is a scare tactic, or an

involuntary response to the trauma of death. e-mail The Se niti i er!


The classic horror film Poltergeist, which depicts an
ordinary family under assault from angry ghosts, struck
close to home for many of our readers who felt first-hand
the eerie physical strength of such entities. Mrs. Jody
Carlton of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, sent a letter about a
ghost in her kitchen that "started with annoying, yet
harmless, pranks, like tippingoveracanister offlour. . . but
then escalated to murderous behavior like spilling boiling
liquids and flinging cutlery." Mr. Guy Macko of Juneau,
Alaska, wrote about his grandmother's ghost who re-
claimed her heirloom locket whenever his wife removed
it. Mrs. Mallory Ishak of Towanda, Pennsylvania, sent us
the touching story of the ghost who comforted her
newborn daughter by rocking the cradle when the baby
fussed, and may have even saved the infant from choking.

Ms. Lamanna confirms these supernatural feats are all
within the capabilities of a type of ghost. Orpheus Group
retains the German phrase "Poltergeist," or "knocking
spirit," forthese entities, some of whichcan move only the
lightest objects, like a coin ora ring, while others can hurl
heavy furniture acrossaroom. Ms. Lamannaclarified that
"Unlike the fictional ghosts in the movie, these entities
are notcapable of in-

TALES FROM OUR FILES:

"The sounds stopped after we found a woman's body in a
long-forgotten trunk wedged among the rafters. We gave
the poor, unknown soul a decent burial after seventy years
of torment." Mr. Earl Bisette of Utica, New York, told of his
encounter with a bloodthirsty hay baler that had a history

of mangling limbs and even taking lives. Past owners had
simply sold the machine, leaving the new owner in grave
danger; Mr. Bisette wisely destroyed it, but not before the
possessed machine ripped off his left arm. Ms. Lamanna
defined these ghosts as "Haunters," with the capability to
infuse their spiritual essence into an object, location or
domicile. Even experts often confuse them with Polter-
geists, since both types of ghost can move objects, but
careful observation shows a distinction: A Haunter
only move parts of the object it possesses, like slamming the
door of a haunted house, or making a haunted music box
play. Also, unlike Poltergeists, Haunters may possess elec-

teracting with
electronics like tele-

visionsortelephones.
] Poltergeists often
form when the de-
ceased wasveryangry
or frustrated, either
byhislifeorthecause
of his death; con-
versely, a playful
Poltergeistmay have
simply been bubbly
and full of verve.
Another
movie ably intro-

duces another type
of ghostly emana-
tion. The Amityville
Horror showed the
terrifying results of
ghosts takingafam-
ily home for
themselves — or perhaps vice versa. Mrs. Alison
McBeath from Evert, Michigan, wrote to us about the
loud knocks and groans from the attic of her home.

NOT THE TIME FOR A SNACK!

Jody Carlton's Kichen after a particularly
bad Poltergeist attack!


trical devices, resulting in electrical disturbances and causing
those items to malfunction. Haunting emanations take root
whena person was obsessed with a place or object in life, or, just
the opposite, had no real attachment to material things, using
things for a short time then moving on. The first type is often
most dangerous — trained individuals can convince a vagabond
ghost to move on, butan obsessed Haunter may become violent
if anyone attempts to remove it.

> TOUR
CHILD
SERAWING

Many of our readers sent in stories of ghostly encounters where
the shade was intent on communicating some vital bit of informa-
tion. Mr. Tyrone Bittle of Waldport, Oregon, noted aspirit presence
inhishouse. The ghost, however, neverdirectly contacted him until
Mr. Bittle was about to lose his home to foreclosure, at which point
the ghost directed him toastash of valuable old coinshidden behind
aplaster wall. Mrs. Jamie Schroeter of Manassas, Virginia, wrote of
hersister's heartbreaking haunting by a wailing ghost who screamed
the night each ofherinnocent babies was taken by cribdeath —but
never with enough waming to save the poor infants. Ms. Lamanna
classified these communicative ghosts as "Banshees," a name bor-
rowed from the Irish legends of wailing women. The Sixth Sense is a
passable example of a beneficent Banshee, the ghost of a man who made his
living through the spoken word and took his therapeutic touch with him
beyond the grave. While the ghost from the movie, and the one encountered
byMr. Bittle, seek to help the living, many othersact from anger orenvy, at best
demanding attention from the living to fuel their cold existences, or at worst,
driving people mad with their tormented whispers and unearthly wails.

The penultimate ghost on our frequent encounters list has the
charmingly antiquated name "Will-o'-the-Wisp." It's another name
taken from folklore: In most tales these ghosts led travelers astray from safe
paths by mimickinga lantern's glow, but in others they led bold adventure-
some types to hidden treasure, or somberly lit the path home for families
returning from a funeral. Ms. Lamanna elaborates for us: "Will-o'-the-
Wisps — we just call them Wisps — still most often manifest as a soft
glowing light, so I suppose you could consider them traditional. Asa group,
they're probably the trickiest kind of ghost we encounter. These are
definitely for professionals only." No need to tell our readers twice, Ms.
Lamanna. Dipping into our files, we find nothing about hidden treasures
or funerary lighting, but we do find plenty of people fooled — sometimes
fatally. Mrs. Alanna Curlee of Fayetteville, Arkansas tragically lost a child
when the neighborhood children, playing flashlight tag after dark, were
led into the sights of deer poachers. Hugh St. Thomas of Bay Head, New
Jersey wrote in with the story of his eight-year-old son who became
convinced thata ghost was his lost twin, when he was in fact an only child.
Disturbed by changes in the child's demeanor, the St. Thomas family
moved away and got their son the help he needed to recover from this
emotional trauma. Pressed for a pop culture reference, Ms. Lamanna was
nonplussed. "The Shining had some manipulative ghosts in it, which would
fit the Wisp stereotype. But the book is more appropriate than the movie,
I think. Moviesare a visual medium, of course, and Wisps work with words
— they cajole and persuade, they don't produce elaborate illusions. But
when they can convince their victim to see and feel as they direct, it's the
same effect for that one unfortunate person." Yikes. Don't go investigating
strange lights without a buddy.

oT RARGELY?

It could he the work
of a Will-o'-the-Wisp!

Can your
Horosocpe
Predict What

Kind of Ghost

You Will
Become?

Ask Madame
Lisa and see!


The last broad category
of ghosts is perhaps the most
viscerally terrifying: Those
spirits capable of invading and
controlling a living person's
body. The movie What Lies
Beneath, in which the ghost of
a man's deceased lover pos-
sesses the body of his wife,
used this phenomenon to
great effect. Mr. Clayton
Rough of Salisbury, North
| Carolina, wrote about a ghost
that possessed his body and

made him dig deep holes over
| much of his two acres of land.
Mrs. Liza Cobey of Miami,
Florida, wrote a letter to The
Scrutinizer while under the
| influence of a ghost who

claimed to be the late Ms.
Erika Singler, who had van-
ished under mysterious
circumstances. With The
Scrutinizer's help, the impor-
tant details of Ms. Singler's
disappearance were brought
to the attention of the police
| who then retrieved Ms.
Singler's body and personal
effects for her family.

ee |

ALBING

Ofcourse, you might not have seen a ghost at all. You might have
seen an Orpheus Group agent! It is possible, acknowledges our
contact, and growing more likely as Orpheus graduates more trainees
into field work every month. If you are a psychically sensitive ind
vidual in a major metropolitan area and detect a presence in a publi
area, congratulations! You may have seen one of Orpheus' intrepid
agents at work.

What are the differences between Orpheus agent ? Why,
the agents are alive, of course! They simply leave their bodies behind
through one of Orpheus' top-secret, patented methods. "It makes perfect
sense that our agents are so similar to ghosts," says Ms. Lamanna, our new
"in" at Orpheus. "Without getting into the science of it, people's souls are
pretty much the same whether inside or outside of their bodies. We call
the process of leaving the body "projecting," a term I'm sure your readers
are familiar with, Our agents haven't had to go through the process of
death, of course, so you'll never see death marks on an agent. And they
know they can always reclaim their bodies. But that's an attitude differ-
ence more than anything else," Ms. Lamanna laughs. "The benefits
package helps the attitude, too. But to get back to your question, yes, our
agents can replicate almostall the abilities of the ghosts found in your file:
and do some things even better," Ms. Lamanna said. "Agents can drift
through walls and walk around unseen. Now I want to reassure all your
readers who are frightened by that prospect. Orpheus Group agents

wan
Orpheus
Agent?
They look
just like
ghosts,
only
they're still
alive!


WORLDS

absolutely obey all trespassing and privacy laws. They
will only come in your house or on your property, with
or without their bodies, if you invite them in as part of
an investigation. If that isn't comforting enough, let me
show you my daytimer." Ms. Lamanna pullsascheduling
book from her trim leather bag and flips it open. It is
positively jammed with engagements and to-dos. "And
technically, I'm on vacation!" Ms. Lamanna laughs. "I
can assure you that agents simply do not have the time
to amble through people's bedrooms."

What is it that projecting agents can do better
than the spooks themselves? "This may sound funny,"
says Ms. Lamanna, "but we can see people — dead or
alive — better than they can. Many ghosts are so
wrapped up in themselves and the remnants of their
lives that they don't perceive the world around them
clearly. It's not just that they're distracted; they're
completely incapable of seeing past their shells. Our
agents never have that problem. And it isn't just
something we do when we're projecting, either," Ms.
Lamanna adds. "If a ghost walked through that wall
right now, I'd see him plain as day, but he might not
notice us at all." We feel safer already!

"Let's get back to what agents can do," Ms
Lamanna continues. "What I can do is, after all, part
of the reason I'm here. Orpheus prefers its agents keep
a low profile. I've heard some really wild conspiracy
theories, but the real reasons are very simple: agents
must be able to do their jobs without attracting a
crowd, either of ghosts or living people. Now, I was
involved in a high-profile operation in Miami, my
hometown. There was a three-day standoff with a
gunman who had two young children hostage. Now
ordinarily," she pauses, "Orpheus does not get in-
volved in law enforcement situations. But I was in the
area, and the whole city feared for those two little
kids. 1 volunteered, HQ okayed it, and the police
chief cleared me to go in. When negotiations fell
apart, I was already in the room. I managed to d
the gunman before he harmed his hostages." She
leans forward and raps on the table with an impish
grin. "Yes, I'm a Poltergeist." Ms. Lamanna brushes
aside any tributes to her heroism. "Being able to help

sarm

people is why I love my job," she says. "Once local
media got hold of the story, obviously my ‘low-profile'
shot. I miss working in the field," Ms. Lamanna
"but Orpheus comes up with plenty of ways to

keep me busy."

"There are so many things we can do, so many
ways we can help people, and society," Ms. Lamanna
gushes. "Our R&D teams are partnered with univer-
sity robotics programs to develop chassis with
manipulating arms for our Haunters to control, so
that they can move around safely in dangerous envi-
ronments. They could, for example, clean up a toxic
spill, or explore the ocean floor, at absolutely no risk
to human life! And of course, our Haunters are the
best home security system around — especially if
you're worried about keeping out ghosts." To say that
Ms. Lamanna is passionate about this subject is an
understatement; she continues with barely a pause to
breathe. "Keeping a hostile ghost out is only a short
term worry thanks to our Banshee agents. There is
absolutely no one better," she asserts, "at talking
down an angry, scared ghost, and helping that ghost
along into the afterlife, than a trained Orpheus pro-
fessional." Does this sound like the kind of job you'd
love to have? Where do we sign up? "Well, to be
honest, you can't," says Ms. Lamanna. "There are
very specific requirements for becoming an agent. If
you've got what it takes, an Orpheus recruiter will
approach you." Seeing our crestfallen looks, Ms.
Lamanna hastens to add, "But not everyone who
works for Orpheus is an agent. We always have
openings for qualified people in medical and techni-
cal fields, and psychic sensitivity is a definite plus,"
she grins. "So many Orpheus employees are so happy
working there, because for years no one believed they
couldsee or hear things that others couldn't. Well, we
believe you. And," Ms. Lamanna winks, "we can test
you. Open positions are updated weekly on our
website!" Any room for paranormal journalists at
Orpheus? Ms. Lamanna raises her eyebrows in mock
indignation. "They've got me!" And we're glad to
have you too, Ms. Lamanna.


INTRODUCTION

This is the real world. The ghosts are coming up
through the cracks in the ground, dancing behind the
windows at night, sitting in your attic and playing cards,
weeping by their gravestones, following their murderers
and planning bloody mayhem, dealing drugs in the back
streets and forming cults to try to unearth what truly lies
beyond them, just as they in turn lie beyond death.

And they are all around you....

This is the real world. You're an agent for a myste-
rious group that may have a shadowy history but who
won't admit it. You and your team can cast off your
physical bodies — or already have done so — and walk
through walls, take over people, scream down houses.
But if the body dies, so do you. You've been given
missions, important, dangerous missions that have you
working with (or against) the rich and famous, saving
lives, banishing ghosts, expanding the frontiers of hu-
man knowledge by determining what really happens
after death. Sounds good, doesn't it? Sounds like the sort
of thing that ought to be front page news. It is.

This is the real world. Trust Orpheus, but trust
nobody else. There are other organizations out there
whoaren'tas ethical as you are, and who want to control
the living by using the powers of the dead. There are
ghosts being twisted into creatures of malice and pain.
There are living people creating tormented ghosts
through cruelty, or malice or simple ignorance. There
are people who want to use you. There are people who
want to kill you. For real.

This is the real world. This is the only world you get,
living or dead. Better make the most of it.

In Orpheus, the characters are the heroes of their very
own ghost yarn. This isn't one of those stories where there's
another side, however, or where happy ghosts come back
from Heaven to provide counseling for their ex-wives and
depressed children. This is a tale where ghosts walk side by
side with living human beings, unseen and unheard, possi-
bly benign, often malignant. This is a story where human
beings are tearing back the veils from death, uncovering
the secrets of what comes next, and discovering strange
new abilities in the process.

This is a story of pride, of ambition and of temptation.
The characters have all nearly died more than once. How
long can they continue avoiding it? They belong to an
agency with private agendas and concerns, and they are
constantly sent on dangerous missions. Legality is appar-
ently a thing of the past to people with their abilities and
connections. They're special agents, sent on some missions
too importantand too dangerous to tell the rest of the world
about. They're able to separate spirit from body — indeed,
some already have — and can affect other people or things
purely through willpower.

At the same time, there's a darker side to all this
rampant heroism and power. Their new abilities came
through venturing to the very edge of death — and who
knows what else may come back with them? Look at the
other ghosts haunting the world. How many of them are
sane? How many of them are safe? And you are one of
them. It'sa pity, but there it is. It may take a while for the
crucible to realize it, but they're displaying the same
powers as ghosts, they've gone through a kind of death
to separate body and spirit, and they must now undergo
the same dangers.

Yet, they are still human, and this is still a story about
the living world. Characters can't escape into some sort of
secret society, or find another reality in which to hide. This
world is their problem; they must deal with it or face the
consequences. Ghosts are apparently a part of the real
world, even if nobody realized it before. The characters just
didn't know it. How many times did they walk past ghosts
in the past without realizing it? Will they ever be able to
visit an old building again, or see a site where a murder took
place, without wondering if a ghost haunts the spot? This
is the end of innocence, butalso the beginning of conscious
investigation. Knowledge once acquired cannot be un-
learned; you can't stuff the genie back in the bottle, and
ghosts won't simply go away. This is the point in the horror
movie where the characters have their equipment, know
how to use it and believe they can handle the situation.

Of course, since this is a horror story, it isn't that easy.

Orpheus itself is still trying to research the whole
question of ghosts, their powers, the afterlife and any-
thing else tied to these great mysteries. Orpheus doesn't
know itall, and it's certainly not confessing how little it
understands to the agents. Nor does Orpheus care to
share the details of its history, or how it will happily hire
out its agents for criminal missions, or...

The keynote here is an eventual paranoia, when the
characters slowly realize just how great a morass of
ignorance they're floundering in.

There's also the gradual perception, by the charac-
ters, and by Orpheus itself, that there are other people
out there. There are the other agencies like Orpheus,
manufacturing their own agents, and who are also sell-
ing their services — though, perhaps, not quite as legally
or morally as Orpheus. And that's quite a condemnation
in itself, given that Orpheus is secretly willing to con-
tract agents for jobs such as theft, persecution to the
point of insanity, spying or even murder. There's pig-
ment, and nobody knows quite what's going on there
yet; only that it's the symptom of some greater problem.
Finally, there are those agendas Orpheus pursued before
the characters joined.

In a horror story, realization comes by degrees, and
each new step of revelation is another turn of the screw.
The characters start the story as the heroes approaching


boat aes

everything from a position of strength, confident in their
abilities, tougher than the average victim on the street and
sure that they can handle the matter. It's slowly beaten into
them, step by dreadful step, that things are not right, that
their strength may not be enough, that there's more out
there than they know about, and, most of all, that if they
don't resolve the situation, the Bad Thing will happen.

So what are the objectives for Orpheus' heroes? They
have abilities, the contacts and the backup (or so they
hope), plus the knowledge of what's happening. Most of all,
they're operating in the real world, where ghosts are
ultimately people who once were living — and who can
therefore be understood — and where physical laws can
explain what's transpiring, though many of those physical
laws remain undiscovered. (Really. After all, Orpheus
manages to help the agents detach themselves from their
bodies via drugs and cryogenics, don't they? All perfectly
scientific, all perfectly explainable.)

The horror begins when ignorance shows around the
edges. How does the crucible explain Spectres when they
encounter them? Why do some ghosts exist while others
don't? What's actually in the drugs Orpheus gives them? In
the purest and most paranoid form of the question, what's
really going on?

The vertiginous drop of far too many questions and no
definite answers opens before the crucible at this point. It's
the fear when Mulder and Scully in the X-Files bump up
against the actions of the Conspiracy and know there's
something going on in the darkness, but not what. It's the
terror in Aliens when the Marines — the well-armed,
competent, confident Marines —are initially devastated by

Ree ee, fe hr

ee 84g
the aliens in the dark. It doesn't have to be terror, yet, but
it's the dread of realizing there may be prices for what the
characters have gained.

Ir'sabout the fear ofdeath. The crucible has supposedly
surmounted death — their souls are now independent of
their bodies and they can set aside the physical meat if
necessary. Perhaps, however, this is only a temporary
accommodation; after all, what happens to ghosts or pro-
jected entities when they are permanently destroyed? What
rumored greater abyss awaits? The characters have faced
down death more than once before; does this make it easier
to reconcile themselves to the prospect of dying, or rather,
does it make iteven more frightening to risk their lives? We
hang on all the more desperately to what we have almost
lost. Could it be that these close brushes with death will
make the characters that much more eager to stay alive?
And if this is the case, how will they deal with the ghosts
that are here with them in the real world?

ELEMENTS OF
THE WORLD

— Orpheus introductory briefing pamphlet

Information inside Orpheus is on a need-to-know
basis. As agents working for this organization, you're al-
ready on a higher grade than 99.99% of the regular
population. Don't get confused by what you'll hear about
secret agencies, the undead and life-or-death missions. The
scientific equipment and methodology that enables you to
carry out your new employment is non-disclosed, but other
than that it's very simple. We've hired you to do a job. You
get paid for that job.

THE CHARACTERS

Date: ‘Yhur

orp on

them, stili, x don't

well, and everyone can use the-money - for

— Orpheus-related thread found on afterlifers.com

CHAPTER ONE

xr Ct

ween
eek,
o


es ex a Ss a
oe, | oN act \
ORPHEUS
Lines:

X-Admin: newsBa-wol «com,
From: "KD" <undisclosed address>
Newsgroups: alt .orpheus
Date: SPA er Iere IGT

KD Wrote:

>>> Hey,

>>> here's the daily offerings of Orpheus related topics I could find for today. The first batch is a private email
exchange on >>> the Orpheus fileserver, from KD to MW. You'd think those two fucknuts would know to take their
conversations else-

>>> where by now
>>> Orpheus. Love it or hate it, it's the center of the world for us now. They're our employer and our benefactor, and
if we screw >>> up on a mission, they're the people who will be very, very disappointed with us. Yeah, it looks like
they hold all the cards. >>> They helped my crucible awaken its abilities, and they may — note I say may — be able to
take them away. They're the

>>> source of most of the information we get in the briefings about ghosts and the supernatural. But what I'm asking
is, how >>> >>> much do we actually know about Orpheus?

>>> Remember the cover story we got at first? "The Orpheus Group is a private association that wishes to explore
death and >>> what lies beyond it. All human beings have potential that they never use. By investigating and instigat-
ing near-death experi->>> ences, we hope to awaken this potential in subjects, and learn more about the human condi-

tion in the process."
>>> — KD

MW wrote:

>> I don't know how they hooked you, KD. I've heard from my crucible, and from other people, that they

>> recruit through at least a half dozen different methods. Maybe it was a local professor in parapsy-

>> chology who put you in contact with an organization investigating the afterlife, or a firm researching >> reactions to stress that wanted to run
some tests on a subject who'd nearly died in the line of work, >> or a newspaper advert asking for people who'd suffered near-death experiences. It
probably looked just a shade dubious to you, at first; it did to me. Either it was overly idealistic and doomed to failure, or >> just a set of tests to
add to some government database. There was money linked to most of the

>> approaches that the rest of my crucible got; a hundred dollars or so for a quick case history and a

>> few simple physiological checks. Money for old rope. It looked just like any other organization with >> more cash than sense.

>>— MW

KD Wrote:
> Wh she hell should we have thought it was real?
S—

Me again,

I pulled this second batch from an anonymous posting on alt.orpheus. And let me say, I personally want to cap Chris
Carter for popularizing all this conspiracy "X-Files" bullshit that everyone's jacking off to these days. Next, they'll
claim we're part of the Illumination or whatever the hell that Pyramid thingie is.

And why don't we ever read anything from actual employees of Orpheus on this group? Could it possibly be that
Orpheus doesn't want them talking? Now that they're enmeshed in its coils, what do they know? Orpheus has access to
drugs that help employees achieve the trance state that allows projection — not that anyone's received the formula to
analyze. Orpheus has money behind it. Big money. Orpheus has potential connections high up in the police and possi-
bly the NSA, the FBI or the CIA, given some of the things we've heard on this group. Orpheus has connections with
organized crime. A lot of people owe Orpheus favors. It's been three years now, and have we had anything reliable
from any sources inside Orpheus? Well, have we?

|

SL

Orpheus doesn't want to discuss its possible to keep their attention on the job and away from
employers, or how it finds some clients, or who any little organizational anomalies. I'm sure that
pays the bills, or where the money goes, or what the operatives listen to common sense — and to
the drugs are, or what some of the missions are their wallets — and keep their worries to them-
about. Orpheus probably pays its people very well selves. Right? Right. No problem.

ORPHEUS


Types of Agent

— Pending Approval: Curriculum 3.2 in Lesson Plan for New Recruits

Orpheus has several different types of agents who can operate on the "extranormal " level. They come in four basic
types: Sleepers and skimmers (projectors), and spirits and hues (ghosts). Projectors are still alive, but manage to detach
spirit from body. Ghosts are dead, but this hasn't stopped them. Orpheus assigns agents to tasks appropriate to their
abilities.

Orpheus divides its projector agents into different categories, depending on their method of separating spirit from
body. There are skimmers and there are sleepers, both of whom can move free of the body, but under different
circumstances.

A skimmer initially uses a combination of drugs and meditation techniques incorporating Kundalini yoga. This
allows them to temporarily project as spooks, and to interact with other ghosts. After a few months of training, skimmers
can project without using drugs, employing only yogic techniques to leave their bodies. Most skimmers adapt well
enough to project in a matter of seconds.

A sleeper, on the other hand, is an agent whose physical body has been flatlined. We here at Orpheus keep a
sleeper's body in a state of cryogenic suspension, with the help of embalming cocktails and further drugs, which
prevents it from undergoing necrosis. This means most sleepers exist as spirits for extended "tours," so to speak.

When it comes to ghosts, the difference between spirits and hues is fairly unremarkable, and often goes unnoticed.
What differentiates hues from a normal spirit is that they took pigment during their life.

Spirits are just that, the spirits of the departed. They may be sleepers or skimmers who died in the line of duty and
now exist as spirits, or they may be blips, drones or other ghosts who joined a crucible and managed to develop their
abilities to the extent that they're now comparable with other Orpheus agents. Of course, they're dead, which cuts down
on the post-mission parties, but we like to feel that we offer our spirit operatives other incentives to make up for this.

Hues, from the studies conducted on this type of ghost, are people who used pigment during their life and now
return as ghosts under circumstances similar to spirits. They also underwent multiple NDEs during life, which
differentiates them from your average pigment-user. Our scien have nicknamed them "hues" because they seem
to possess less vitality than spirits or projectors. They do have an unusual ability to manifest the physical alterations
known as Stains, however, without developing permanent deformations.

Men
h i a
ining Ao, ‘On Pl
hiry ti ", Un, te

m9 Ste hos Pay,
fon, Mrs 4 OF oye Mitias End
Meo, Sensi, Seng

Types of Ghosts

— Pending Approval: Curriculum 3.3 in Lesson
Plan for New Recruits

Here at Orpheus, we've established that our opera-
tives' powers — or Horrors, as our employees have
started calling them — seem to fall into five main types,
and that these types often correspond to particular kinds
of personality. While this isn't exhaustive, it's a conve-
nient way for us to discuss matters, and we'll be using the
following terminology here on in.

+ Banshees can croon and either wake or quiet
emotions in others or scream loud enough to bring down
buildings. Some of them can also foretell the future or
examine the past, like the traditional Banshees that
foretold deaths. They are frequently insightful, empathic
types, but this doesn't necessarily mean they'll excuse
sloppy or dangerous behavior.

+ Haunters can take over physical structures like
cars, telephones, buildings — mirroring popular fiction
like Christine, The Shining, or The Amityville Horror.
People with this type of power are generally adaptable,
settling into new places or new jobs very easily. They are
also often drifters, never totally committing themselves
to a position or place — though we hope that you' ll be
staying with Orpheus for a while yet!

+ Poltergeists have powers involving throwing and
manipulating objects, from sewing needles to trashcans
to chairs, hence the traditional name. They're often
frustrated, angry types, though some can control their
anger for a very long time before releasing it.

+ Skinriders can manipulate people, or outright
possess them and force them into whatever actions they
consider necessary. Not surprisingly, these people are
often leaders, managers or alpha wolf personality types.

+ Wisps (or Will-o'-the-Wisps, for the pedantic)
seem capable of charming others into following them,
and "jumping" between locations in a manner resem-
bling the traditional "teleport." They tend to be magnetic,
fascinating personalities, with natures that compel atten-
tion... the life of the party. They're also often tricksters
and jokers, which may require adjustments inside a
crucible.

Crucibles

— Pending Approval: Curriculum 3.4 in Lesson
Plan for New Recruits

A crucible initially forms as a team assigned by
Orpheus to work together. Each team member comple-
ments the others, and all of them must work in tandem.
Orpheus psychologists carefully assemble the group,
choosing the members based on personalities as well as
paranormal powers, to produce an effective, functioning
team of agents. Of course, there may occasionally be
emergencies when Orpheus needs a particular set of
talents for an important mission at short notice (or when
a particular agent loses his team from attrition or due to
general complaint), and is assigned elsewhere.

Aftera time of working together, a crucible can learn
how to use their powers in tandem, and to share vitality.
This frequently creates strong connections inside the
crucible. The more Orpheus operatives work on sharing
this link, the better their talents work in proximity to each
other. An effective crucible is far more than the sum of
its parts.

pyproet

33.9355.5.53353333 3353333939993 999999)

Recorded Orpheus Lecture Transcript: Crucibles — Bonds

Good afternoon. Many of you know me as Agent
Darewell — well, now you can start calling me Ilona,
because you'll soon be my co-workers and not my
students. It's pretty obvious you've all learned to project
and to manifest. If those of you still drifting around could
finish solidifying, we'll get down to business.

Great. Now, I also know that you've been learning
touse your Horrors. Yes, itseems like a silly term in here,
inside these clean white walls and under this soothing
fluorescent light. Trust me, the name makes more sense
once you've been out in the field and ghosts are using
Horrors on you. The most important thing you haven't
learned yet is how you can use your powers to help a
member of your crucible, enhancing and strengthening
the Horror he or she is using. Yes, this is in large part
because you haven't been assigned to crucibles yet.
Those assignments will be coming soon. But for now,
listen and learn.

A crucible is the unit of projectors and ghosts you'll
be working with, but you already knew that. Think of
them as your team and soon to be family. It's unavoid-
able, so get used to it. Crucible members can share
vitality, which we already talked about, but that sharing
also develops a strong bond between you and your
teammates. What sort of bond? Heh, you have no idea.
The bond isn't some mind-control thing, but it does
allow you to understand your teammates and how they
plan on using their Horrors. It's the exact same thing that
happens with military units when they each have a role
and know exactly how their buddy's going to respond.
Exactly the same here. When someone is about to use
their power, you automatically have a way of helping
them out, increasing their effect, or the range, duration,
whatever. It's all part of an effective crucible.

Everyone, this is Ted Verge, a member of my
crucible. He's kindly volunteered to assist me in this
demonstration. Everybody say, "Hi, Ted." Now, Ted *
going to use the basic Poltergeist power to toss these c.
at the ceiling. I will be using the Inhabit technique to put
atime delay on his Horror, allowing both of us to get out
from underneath the resulting shower of aluminum.
Watch what we do; you should be able to see the powers
combine and take effect. Ready? One, two, three.

There, did you catch that? Now, dodging a bunch of
empty cans isn't particularly useful, but I'm sure all of
you are smart enough to see some of the other possibili-
ties. Working together, you and your crucible can make
your Horrors last longer, hit harder, cut cleaner. When
you get yourselves into a real jam, you'll get out to-
gether, or not at all.

Now, did you notice anything else about how that
worked? It looks pretty intimate, doesn't it? Now watch
this carefully. Ted, hit me with a little juice. Aww yeah,
you always do that so nice. Now I see that some of you
look shocked — some of you even looked away. My life

energy, Teds life energy, all melded together, ebbing and
flowing back and forth. It doesn't get much more inti-
mate than that. It's the kind of close bond you' ve probably
only ever had with a lover. I like to say that the experi-
ence is about right in the middle between an intense
mutual orgasm, and finishing a complex jigsaw puzzle
together.

Some of you are laughing. And some of you are
panicking — I can see your thoughts right now, "But I
don't even like most of these people!" Start looking for
good qualities in everybody, because once you're as-
signed to a crucible, your lives are in each others hands.
Skimmers, get used to giving yourselves away, and
sleepers, get used to taking it. You'll need to constantly
monitor your well-being to keep your crucible in peak
operating condition, and to keep each other alive.

That's all for today. Spend tonight getting very
comfortable with the idea of sharing — crucible assign-
ments will be distributed tomorrow.


. REQUEST
a! i : Over h, "
mssions —

KD's at it again, though I'm not sure who he's talking to. I pulled this private email
from the Orpheus fileserver, but the email destination is a routing site. We may be
looking ata breach of contract here. I'll keep an eye on the situation until I can gather
more evidence.

ye Orpheus expects to get its money's worth out of us. Big surprise there. They'll
assign you to missions "suited to your abilities." If the jobs involve heavy interac-
tions with people who are actually still a/ve, they put at least a couple of skimmers
on the team. What your crucible can do and how well it can do it determines what
sort of missions you receive, but there are some jobs that everyone gets sooner or
later.

We skimmers generally get the more mundane jobs. While we're capable of
interacting with the everyday world more easily than sleepers, we need to care for
our bodies, and we can't just leave the "meat" lying round where somebody might
damage it. (See if anyone else in your crucible's heard about the sushi incident at
that restaurant. Painful a7 embarrassing.) We get jobs like putting a wife in contact
with her dead husband who hid the bank account numbers, letting orphans talk to
their parents so they can have a sense of closure, or driving spooks from a location.
Orpheus also sends us in to research and locate particular ghosts, and "prep" them
for contact.

Sleepers, from what I've seen, handle the situations requiring a more "delicate"
touch — which often means illegal. Yes, I know it, you know it, we all know it, so lets
v save the whole morality issue for later and get down to basics. They may receive
assignments such as stealing research from one consortium on behalf of another, or
haunting someone for a year, or eliminating "troublesome" ghosts. Of course,
Orpheus has custody of the sleepers' bodies, which helps ensure what our mission
statements call "the two-way bond of trust" between the Orpheus Group and its
operatives.

Agents who happen to be ghosts get similar assignments to sleepers, though
they're rarely assigned alone; Orpheus prefers at least one sleeper or skimmer to
accompany them, to maintain contact. Since Orpheus has far more skimmers and
sleepers than it does ghosts, this rule hasn't presented any problems so far.

, [= Pa 8) aE aed al
vy - fae p— iyo. Won Boe
Jets } Oe Sa H pen ¥ aX La Ne
& 3 s se igo Ld 3
= \. > ene ee Ce Ee


—_— tet eer® Y hea % a, Oh
7m a ae Ks
OS Gen tO0 ned be ath i
PIGMENT
—Inter-office Orpheus memo -2- 4

One of the hottest drugs to hit the streets is pigment, also known as
black heroin, a chic new high seeing widespread usage among the casual
drug crowd like ravers and college students. Pigment is a hallucinogenic,
and ad ive but it's cheap, which outweighs health problems for most
users. rally this excites ajrush of comments from political, medical,
and moral authorities, just as the appearance of Ecstasy did when it first
arrived. Depending on whom you ask, pigment is a danger to the youth
of the nation, a just like any other addictive hallucinogenic drug,
or the coolest since Napster.

What's worrying-me is that supposedly, pigment users can see ghosts

10 ic
— though they normally dismiss part of the drugs hallucinogen
€ ts, I've even heard from a couple ofagents that pigment users might

is confirmed yet. Nobody in the higher echelons is
sort of explanation for this, but I've noticed all
en age are being copied to the labs and to our
eyire taking an interest. From what I can see,

tunity to analyze samples of pigment, and

PUBLIC OFINION

‘sources know anything about this?

— Inter-office Orpheus memo, CG to SL

a
hae aR

fe "T've never heard anything so ridicu-
_ lous," says Mrs, Amy Peterson of Detroit.
"Everyone knows that the dearly departed
are always around us, beaming good feel-
ings directly from Heaven to Support us
in our everyday life. All this nonsense is

_ just that, nonsense. They're in a better,

"happier world now, and it's un-Christian
9 Suggest anything else."

~ Mrs. Peterson went on to explain her

"Seas about those who disagree with
—— =

Let's be practical here. However much we keep
matters under wraps, and however hard the government
maintains its silence, people are noticing things. In-
creased "paranormal phenomena" or simply
"manifestations of the supernatural" are growing in
frequency. Pigment is becoming more common on the
streets. Strange late-night broadcasts are alarming stay-
at-homes who just want a quiet evening with some beer
and an action movie. Of course, not everyone has the
same idea of what's happening (or what to do about it),
and even fewer people have any inkling of the truth
Orpheus shields from them.

For the sake of public morale and general sanity, this
is a good, good thing. Imagine the panic if the average
man in the street knew what ghosts could do to him, or
that Spectres exist, or the capabilities of our agents.


This doesn't mean the public sees the Orpheus
Group with any particular suspicion. People generally
give us the same degree of belief as Nigerian bank email
scams, televangelists and used car salesmen. Ifanything,
the regular primetime broadcasts means the public is
more likely to see us as a shameless attempt to cash in on
current beliefs, albeit a popular attempt with the same
following as trashy daytime talk shows. I never thought
I'd be grateful for the cynicism of the American Public,
but Lam.

The newspapers exploit any supernatural incidents
in the classic ways. Serious papers ignore the whole
topic, or write it up as public hysteria, with occasional
columns by psychologists or sociologists about the re-
cent wave of "ghost sightings." Tabloids and Sunday
magazines publish double-page spreads with blurred
photographs, eyewitness accounts and testimony from
"experts in the occult." They do realize, however, that
they need something better than this to maintain public

interest and sell more papers, so they're looking for
evidence. Any Orpheus members who talk too loudly
near a reporter will probably find themselves hounded
for a statement. Hopefully the screenings and briefings
should teach our operatives not to be this stupid, but we
both know people are morons. This also increases the
probability that really far-out commentary will actually
reach publication, rather than simply being thrown out
when it hits the editor's desk. That story about "The
Virgin Mary Possessed My Telephone and Ran Up My
Phone Bill" might get through, while the Haunter who
inspired it had better hope that the photo of her isn't
recognizable.

Television, on the other hand, seized on the whole
question of ghosts and the supernatural like flies on
honey. You've probably already seen some of the new
television programs springing up to discuss, debate or
profit from the issue. The Networks are already working
on formats for reality TV shows set in haunted houses.
Any of our compromised operatives, known to investi-
gate paranormal issues, could receive an invitation to
join a panel on a new program concerning poltergeist
activity. Equally, the pigment question has been seized
on by the more perceptive modern youth shows, and
episodes involving look-alike drugs are scheduled to air
in several popular teenage series. I'm sure they'll have
such an impact.

"Say no to drugs?
What a joke," Mary-
Clarke said.

"One pill won't be
that bad, and
besides, Dom gave it
to me, and he is
sooo cute, and he's
on the football
team, so he wouldn't
take something that
was bad for him,
would he?"

Orpheus keeps internal matters very quiet, and
demands discretion from their clients. Many comply,
the fear being: If Orpheus took the ghosts away, they can
bring them back. Generally, however, the people who
have the money to employ Orpheus also have the sense
to stay quiet, if only because their involvement in the
matter is embarrassing. The clients whom we take on for
research purposes (and who haven't the cash or power to
actually know who they're dealing with) are dealt with
through several layers of secrecy. We leave them under
the impression our operatives are members of the FBI, or


students of the paranormal, or represent the Seventh
Chakra Buddhist Wave and want to investigate their
building's Feng Shui, or similar such cover stories. If
Orpheus can conduct their research without the client
even knowing it happened, all the better.

Foday we're CUNNINa a
cial debate on he

Orpheus phenomenon. On
my Tiaht here 1S
Professor Lcrceriere hl
noted parapsye! \S4y
and ane oe ‘he >
self-help book Workin
with Your Inner Spirtt. On
my left is MS. Deborah
RObINSON), who works aS
a professional rief coun-
Selor and ahos¥ debunker.
I'm sure, ySu've all Seen
Ae cienwion aavert+ise-
ments for she nia

(a and uinas they
hee 40 offer. IT hope
that today we'll be able 10
brina a new perspective 40
the PSesue, with the help
of Some experts and
personal 4eStimony.

—~

Of course, things do leak out. We don't mind being
public to an extent, given that we're advertising our
services on prime-time television, but there are things
leaking round the edges, true and untrue, that might be
awkward in the future. Rumors of a new clandestine
government agency focusing on the supernatural per-
vade the Internet, and short-circuit the X-Files fan
groups with new and far more interesting topics. Con-
spiracy theory magazines lap up this sort of garbage,
stymied only by a shortage of evidence, but willing to
connect ghost stories with mysterious Men in Black and
provide a suitably paranoid explanation. Theorists ex-
plain pigment through theories that the government is
testing a new combat or docility drug on the inner cities.
This sort of thing muddies the waters when it comes to
our genuine work — but, as I said earlier, it's in the
nature of human beings to be morons, right?

But for the rest of the world — for all the quote
normal people — life hasn't changed. Certainly, some
claim to have seen ghosts, but people always say that.
People die from drugs, or have strange hallucinations.
That's normal, too. There may be a statistically signifi-

@

. et te a ee DEAD \ x 4 ' 2
é x. i) seis "the
é ' Mae & <sgim MMA ry ™ /

jin
ey

Re TS

cant rise in the number of incidents reported to the
police, or in the newspapers, or mentioned on televi
sion, but it's not quite enough... yet. The tide is rising,
however. Three movies starring heroic ghost-hunters
are in the works at Tinsel Town. Feng Shui book sales
are up. More psychics are earning columns in the news-
papers. The more dramatic churches are gaining
parishioners. The average person is learning how tospell
houngan and omyouji properly.

For the moment, though, things are under control.
The tide hasn't risen quite far enough yet.

INTERNET 4 BU2Z]
— Inter-office Orpheus memo, CG to SL

es

The internet reaches a broader
section of the populace than ever
before: grandmothers have email
appliances, school kids have wire- |
less access, housewives tune out |
soap operas in favor of the do-it-
yourself drama of chat rooms.
Bad news for any hardcore, just- |
the-facts geek looking fora place |
to hide from the Orpheus Group |
media juggernaut — the internet |

{

is awash in ghost stories. Shady
psychics offer their services
through spam mailings; websites
piece fuzzy photographs, public
records and dumpster diving trea-
sures into profiles of supposed
Orpheus agents; even a recent |
| devastating virus, the Deadboy |
\ worm, is rumored to be the post- |
humous work of a deceased |}
Russian hacker. Of course, (
internet basics remain unchanged
| no matter what fad topics come |
| or go: there's a lot of hype and
| misinformation outthere, but you |
} can dig up some interesting infor-
mation if you know where to look
| and what to ask. |


Welcome to GhostWatchers.orgline

Your Site for Supernatural Advice

Welcome New Member, What Would You
Like To Do?

Kandy47 (10:47:32 PST): Hi, my name is Candy
and I need some help. I have a ghost in my apartment
and it's really scaring me. I got the Scrutinizer's ghost
issue cause I thought it'd tell me what to do, but it just
says call Orpheus or a church but I don't have that kind
of money and I don't go to church. I just work as a
barista. I think itis a polterghost because it throws stuff.
What should I do??

Greysaint (10:52:45 PST): HiCandy. If youhaven't
read that rag yet, throw it away. If you already have,
burn it. Remember back in the 90's, when everybody
was writing about angels? Angels cured my dog's
cancer, angels saved my baby after I forgot her in the
hot car, angels helped me catch that ball? And every-
one had angel pins and angel stationery and angel
posters. Well, now it's ghosts and projectors, and it's
the same people who actually read that Scrutinizer
piece of shit. Andit's a Poltergeist. Check out our FAQ
here for some information without the rose-colored
glasses.

Fastext (/0:53:02 PST): Andif you tell us what it's
doing we can probably help you more.

Anthor (10:54:22 PST): Anything would help
more than the Scrutinizer.

Fastext (/0:56:43 PST): [never touch it. What's in
it?

Greysaint (10:57:58 PST): A little bit of really
basic info, a few pieces of fluff on Orpheus anda whole
lot of nothing about things that are really scary. They
claim to have a consultant from Orpheus now.

Fastext (/1:00:34 PST): How the hell did that
happen?

Anthor (11:01:29 PST): It's thatchick, the one that
killed the guy who took those kids hostage in Miami.
Hang on, I've got it somewhere here. Lamanna. She
says the cops cleared her to go in, but if she's been
reduced to writing for a tabloid, I bet she got her chops
busted pretty hard.

Greysaint (//:03:02 PST): She killed him? I
thought she just shot him with his own gun.

Anthor (11:04:12 PST): That's what I heard, that
and the fact he never walked out of the hospital. You
won't often hear me expressing sympathy for an
Orpheus employee, but I can't say I' drelish her current
job. Ihave no doubt she's got to shepherd every single
piece of that tripe the Scrutinizer wants to publish past
somebody at Orpheus. Finding the common ground
between mass stupidity and rampant corporate greed.
Hey, Candy, what's going on with your Poltergeist?

(Forum) ‘Topics! [Thread] | Reply)

Kandy47 (11:05:34 PST): Uh, I think it's mostly
just throwing magazines on the floor. But I have some
candles and they keep falling over too.

Fastext (/ 1:06:23 PST): Okay, first, putthe candles
out. Ghost or not, you don' tneed a fire. Second, and this
may sound stupid, close all your doors and windows,
then make sure you don't have any stray animals in the
house. A stray cat can be really sneaky and cause a
whole lot of damage.

Kandy47 (11:06:59 PST): Okay, I'll go check.

Fastext (11:07:30 PST): Anything else funny in
that magazine, guys?

Anthor (//:08:2/ PST): | found the part where she
claimed Orpheus agents never snoop around where
they're not supposed to... really funny.

Greysaint (//:08:52 PST): Now you've done it,
Fastext.

Anthor (11:09:46 PST): Come on. They're a pri-
vate corporation (supposedly) with employees who
can walk around completely invisible and stick their
noses anywhere. Notice she never admits their agents
can jump into people' s bodies, just like Skinriders. She
never says anything about their Banshees predicting
the future, which we all know they can. She barely
mentions Wisps, because what they're good for is
screwing people over. They walk through walls, snooker
or take control of people, and they know the future.
Why hasn't the government shut them down yet?
Because they work for the government. Get used to
being watched.

Fastext (//:10:44 PST): Maybe the government
has their own spooks to keep an eye on things.

Anthor (1/://:15 PST): Like that makes it any
better.

Kandy47 (11:11:21 PST): Oh god oh god. When I
came back to the computer the picture of me and my
family was knocked over and I picked it up and there
was brightred lipstick smeared all over my head. On the
picture I mean. And then the glass just cracked right in
my hands and I'm really scared!!!

Greysaint (//:/2:03 PST): Okay, Candy. Calm
down. Can you see it? Did you maybe catch a glimpse
of it in the glass before it broke?

Kandy47 (11:12:41 PST): No. No. What am I
looking for??

Greysaint (//:/2:58 PST): Well, if it's a Poltergeist, it
couldjustlook likea bunch of floating junk. Oritcouldlook
like the person who died, if it puts enough effort into it.
That'll usually mean it's pretty irate. When they get really
mad, you can tell — they drip blood, or their head lolls at
anangle, or they have big nasty teeth. If you see something
like that, leave your house, and don't even bother telling us
you're going. Just go.

Forum Topics (‘Thread | [| Reply ]


another thing. Those
ya ghost might look like it died, but th y never
mention that an agent might look ary enough to
Fastext (/

'Y nasty personality problems,
in spades.
Anthor (//:17:04 PST): Ibet they
too. Much lighter on the pz 1

Aren't they all techni cally
I thought I heard the secret entrance requirements
were that they killed you and brought you back.
Anthor (// s
Hold on, let me jot that down.

ou've got me there, Fasty.

closetode.
your alarm, missing y

bums. Or almost rollin; your SUV into trafi
could die and be resus

but I put all the cz

Greysaint(/ 1 PST):Getyourke:
apartment now, Candy. Don't come back until moming,
and don't come back alone.

What do you think itis, Grey?

Greysaint (11:26:22 PST): I don't know, but I've
everheardanythii ood about pitch-black gho tbe
it's just kind of smoky or dirty, but why take the chance?
Anthor (11:26:55 PST): T'v g with GS here
got some pretty nasty on the shadowy

Kandy47 (11:34:20 ps
no longer bother
Anthor (//:
you had fun,

es .
wy

LEGALITY

—Private email on Orpheus fileserver, KD to MW

I'm scared. I'm plenty scared.

Certainly the American government hasn't
taken any official stance on Orpheus"
activities, and so far any "projecting
operations in other countries have been
extremely discreet. Equally, the
government hasn't published any laws
about the treatment of ghosts, made any
public admission that ghosts might exist,
or even sponsored any public studies that |
might remotely parallel Orpheus lines of |
research. Some of the more "black ops
missions that Orpheus sends us on,
however, deal with matters that would
interest the government very much

indeed; spying, assassination, theft...

There are two possible conclusions that we
can draw from this. Either the US
government is completely unsure of how to
handle what's happening (though certain
people inside it might be more aware... |
shouldn't they?) or Orpheus is already in
the pocket of a major part of the \
government. Either way, drawing the
government's attention right now would
probably be a bad idea. It's also fair to
assume that the governments of other
countries would be very, very interested
indeed in Orpheus-related information and
research, don't you think? Perhaps they

may even have similar projects of their own |
up andrunning.

As to the legality of certain Orpheus
missions, that's resolved simply enough.

Don't get caught.

Have you really thought about the
implications of all this?

RELIGION Ano THE
FETERUFE

:Idon'tknow. I'v a
feeling about this.

Anthor (11:38:40 P:
sucker.

t's because you're a

CHAPTER ONE

Ghosts don't ap;
ments of any known religion,
certainly been
logians have made inroads (both
libraries across the world, and whil

Inter-office Orpheus memo, CO to KE
Pear to conform to the command-

and our department's
doing plenty of cross-checking

Theo-
legal and illegal) in
le this helps Orpheus

WORED OF THE DEAD

45

assemble an excellent reference section, nobody's yet
pieced together any coherent link between the cur-
rent behavior of ghosts and the strictures of faith.
Some of our more esoteric researchers go so far as to
trace their source materials back to Indo-European
creation myths, while others investigate modern cults,
trying to find links.

While studying modern religion, we can see an
upswing in modern small-scale cults dealing with
death and the afterlife, often spawning around par-
ticular recent hauntings. As a side note, Orpheus
agents later disposed of these hauntings, but that
doesn't necessarily kill the cult in question.

Curiously, mainstream religion doesn't yet seem
to correlate any rising figures on ghostly activity, or
to be calling out any secret corps of exorcists, which
is helpful for us. The number of people attending
church (or mosque, or temple) may have risen slightly,
but not enough to do more than make the relevant
priest grateful for an increased faith in his area, and
certainly not enough to pay for a new church roof

Orpheus wants matters to stay that way; they aren't

interested in a general religious revival that might
interfere with their work. If one starts up, then
Orpheus would probably have to stop it, in case they

contribute toa religious or spiritual movement. Which
would be awkward, wouldn't it?

THE SCIENTIFIC Community

Orpheus and its few notable competitors have the
ghost phenomenon pretty well wrapped up, but now that
the cat's out of the bag, there's little to stop the curious from
poking the sack to see what else might be in there. More
than a few universities are scrambling to put together

parapsychology departments funded by eccentric — and
alumni (leaving their administrators with the

daunting task of determining what, exactly, are the appro-

aging

priate credentials for the new hires). Amateur researchers
abound, from those who have hunted ghosts for years, to
those who migrated from other fringe disciplines (UFO
chasers, purveyors of "therapeutic" copper jewelry, etc.) in
hopes of finally cashing a little recognition or cash. Get
this. leven received an email from some clown who wanted
to know if we had contact information for Miskatonic
University. Orpheus has done nothing to slow the growth
of this fledgling ghost industry —at least not publicly. Our
patents, which I have to say we watch over with an
unblinking eye, guard our business interests; but we can't
simply sit back and scoop up talented individuals as they
float to the top. We have to find them before our competi-

tors do.

ORPHEUS.

P <

_—@ ¥

at


Marcres

5 Royal VUnivecily

¢ Arts and Sciences

F and G for th

and Licers'79 Committee meeting Pe
week. Forward copy 2 ,
note to Legal. be sure to leave t
out of the patent form>

70 eveey
ONEAT
¥e canveesin,
SITY WwiHo Prsep
me OFF -
Wi
WHEN YOKE) HS none, |
e, Iwucke dead

For
A Lon ME, |

" hd
intteed. Coming do Wg bak Kuen 900g
) =

Less Canine ote
leur thy nn Atak a
i Hy halls og the tabs howe Sihucer,
jo Af ans

by ore, Ls
condehing pepetlee Jochen
bec Oe eget rake Shelivc te Sh
ig ot evade 18 on Ir
THE De 4 Fucked up Pe yew raalelanch
6x Aeeyn
ishing: acaba: | ies
< TH,
26) Wnt ABAD (ola Phar iden,
‘Vor, he

RUiFe ic: shige
ee" \S Foeevee
VeEe4 p, F

heise STUL DlAw seeare, | wi
WIL ae ena On THE DAY you D aie,
TO Me, ene pee ad BL. mes —
Fon yon. |' ve | wi. BEE WAcTy 2
re You UWE LEE my neh we
eee ee
wes race THREATS. Ealja

DH yue ure y

TH 1S GonwA BE Heee

df

e v a


The Waye-Particle Nature of Ghostly Emanations and Manifestations

by Darryl G. Marchand

A thesis submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of Master of
Science.

Introduction:

Many members of the global fraternity of scientists reacted with shock and dismay to the
introduction of plausible, reproducible evidence of the existence of ghosts. Even now, as the
eyidence mounts past what any reasonable person would consider conclusive, these so-called men
of science cannot see the new yista of exploration and experimentation that has been opened
before theny instead, they deyote all their energy to futile attempts to disprove and discredit the
truth that has come to light, like the men of learning who forced Galileo to recant the theory of
heliocentricity on his knees. Consequently, there are few resources ayailable to those bold
individuals like myself who would prefer to look toward the future of science. The tools and
methodologies I uSed to conduct my research were developed by me, with little to no assistance
from my department or advisors. The methodologies are detailed in the appropriate sections: full
schematics are included in the appendices for the tools and electronic devices I created, so that
others can reproduce and hopefully expand upon my work.

In the sections, that follow I will provide hypotheses and preliminary equations concerning the
interaction of ghosts with the phenomenal world (the ghosts themselyes most often belongin:
solely to the noumenal world, their existence independent of sensory observation, but as we ‘will
shortly address, this is an alterable state). The central hypothesis, Upon which I haye based all
others, is that ghosts are composed of energy, which has as its natural state a waye pattern. Because
wavelength of this energy is not within the visible spectrum, ghosts in their natural state are
invisible because the energy has an extremely narrow interaction cross-section with physical
matter, they are practically intangible (precisely calibrated measuring devices can be constructed
based on either the detection of patterns of intérference with light waves of known frequency, or
the minute yibration of certain substances within the applicable cross-section, as seen in Appeéndi-
ces C and F, but both devices are unreliable outside a controlled experimental setting).

It is excliing enough that consciousness is arguably present in this waye-form creature. It is
even more thrilling to demonstrate, as I believe that [ have herein, that the ghost is capable of
altering its resonant frequency at will, transforming itself into a phenomenal being (accessible to
the senses) capable of interacting on a physical level with the world as perceived by man.
Hereinafter, a phenomenal ghost will also be referred to as a "particle-form" ghost, as the ghost
ceases to behave as energy does — it can no longer pass through solid matter, for instance. It takes
on a more particle-like nature.

Ascertaining the precise type of energy composing a ghost's being, and the origin of that
energy, is outside the scope of this thesis. A particle-form ghost's expenditure of energy can be
measured using standard methods while it interacts with physical matter, but it is at this point
impossible to determine whether a ghost in waye-form is expending energy at all. The energy-
matter conyersion process should not cause energy loss in itself, but achieving the appropriate
conditions for the conyersion might well require energy expenditure. In man, even thoug it requires
energy, with electrical chat ges racing across the brain's synapses: set loose from the ties of matter,
isa ghost's thought process free of any price, a perpetual machine of thought? And if not, how does
itacquire the energy to perpetuate itsélf? As fascinating as these topics are, they are best examined
in conjunction with experimenters from the field of cognitive science. I do not doubt that further
research on this topic will not only change physics by requiring the introduction of new particles
and waye-states to our theories, but will shake the very foundations of Psychology and Philosophy.

As fascinating as a ghost's inherent dual nature is, they demonstrate abilities far beyond that
which allows them to Control their own matter-energy Conyersion. A ghost can moyé physical
s without exerting physical force on them, whether in phenomenal or noumenal forny |
theorize that this is accomplished by adjusting the ghost's energy wavelength to create construc:
tively harmonic yibrations within the matter (see equations 2.6-2.10). A ghost in either form can
create light or sound without a physical or chemical source: [ theorize that these are additional,
and separate, forms of harmonic induction, producing respectively photons or phonons (a transf or-
mation that in effect requires an energy expenditure since the photons or phonons are irreclaimable
through matter-energy conversion, and are in any case emitted to produce the necessary effect of
light or sound) (see thé entirety of chapter 3). Ghosts appear to release matter and energy along
somewhat predictable lines: my observations of these phenomena suggest that ghosts May be
constrained by quantum restrictions. It may be possible that ghostly energy can be emitted only
in heretofore unknown quanta which correspond to specific phenomenal experiences. °

Many ghosts appear to take quantum mechanical observer-observed relationships far beyond
the point typically reached in scientific studies. Modern quantum mechanics suggests that the act


of observing an object in an indeterminate state resolves that object into a (mostly) measurable
state — that is to Say, the observer himself directly impacts the observed.

Many ghosts turn this around: the indeterminate energy that composes them seems to have
a direct Ufrect on the psyche of an observer. The detailed descriptions | present in chapter |,
below, provide more detail, but the noumenal energy of a ghost allows it to alter human
usness directly.

Because I have extremely limited observational data on projectors (such as Or, meus Group
agents), any extrapolation [ might make from the nature and abilities of ghosts to that o'

projectors would be pure conjecture. I harbor great ambivalence toward Orpheus: they have
advanced science by unimagined leaps and bounds, yet they shun the research community that
would build on those adyances to reach even loftier coals is a sad day for science when it is
easier to get a ghost to participate in an experiment than a living, breathing fellow scientist.

Further excerpt: from Chapter One

..As mentioned previously, the phenomenal and psychological effects of ghostly energy
appear to follow a few chann ly hypothesis (detailéd below) is that higher-level quantum
effects force this ghostly energy to manifest itself only along certain lines. It may be the case
that ni ghel order macroscopic éyents obey something like Pauli's Exclusion Principle, prevent-
ing certain pairs of eyents from happening simultaneously, or that a particular packet of
ghostly energy resonates in human experience in such a way as to cause particular effects.

In an ideal world, ghosts (or Orpheus Group projectors) could be induced to emit their
energies in a tightly controlled laboratory environment, but to date that has not been possible.
As a result, a phenomenological survey of ghost energy effects is all that remains. The
phenomena fall into four primary sphéres: Those pertaining to the ghost's moyement and

personal nature: those allowing for material effects: those resonating in the living psyche: and
he energy's use in manipulating others' use of the same energy.

* Coherent Ghostly Moyement: Ghosts' ability to revert to an indeterminate energy state
allows them to pass through ordinary matter, as described elsewhere. It also allows for a

henomenon | tentatively name "Partnerless Quantum Coupling," wherein some ghosts can
rayerse a great distance without interacting with intervening matter. Even in physical form,
flssis do not appear to be affected by grayity or electromagnetism. As mentioned elsewhere,

oweyer, they do occasionally resonate with nearby matter, and when the ghost is at a high
rey state, it may affect local electromagnetic fields.

jaterial Effects: Most ghosts have the ability to conyert part of their substance into
"hard" matter or into electromagnetic radiation. Nearly all ghostly radiation occurs in the
visible part of the spectrum (roughly 4.000 to 7,000 angstroms), and many ghosts can create
complex images from them. A few ghosts (see Appendix A, "Turner, Martin") radiate at high
enogs energy leyels to burn living persons and things nearby when they manifest.

+ Psychological Resonance: This category is by far the most complex. The same, heretofore
unknown, mechanism that allows consciousness to persist after the demise of the physical
organs responsible for sustaining it somehow Fives that persistent consciousness (grounded
into its noumenal energy state) a "hook" that allows it to manipulate the neryous systems of
other creatures. Several repeatable phenomena haye been reported, both by reliable and
unreliable witne These include reports of "ghost writing." wherein a ghost takes over part
of a living person's body and causes him to write or type messages: strong emotions caused by
the proximity of a ghost (including previously unknown love for a certain person, or the de:
to killa particular individual' an the ghost's apparent presence in the experimenter's dreams.

The author has experienced this last sensation (the repeated and consistent presence of a

host in dreams) and subsequent interaction with ghosts suggests that the ghostly presence in
ne author's dreams is itself real.

In interviews (see Appendix A,

en

. ghosts indicate that others seem to yanish
when they enter into a living person's dream, which itself indicates that the other ghosts'
noumenal state somehow enters a static superposition with the dreamer's body. This will
require further investigation, preferably as quickly as possible, as the ghost's continued
presence in my own unconscious is neither welcome nor conducive to good rest.

* Metamanipulation: Much as a living human might use a simple machine such as an inclined
lane or pulley, ghosts' intuitive understanding of the energy that composes them allows them
o change or aid another ghost's activity. Most of ten, ghosts tse this ability as a force multiplier

(as a living n might use a lever): They apply a specific amount of their own energy ina
articular direction at the proper moment, and Cause another ghost's energy manipulation to
e much more effective. This "metamanipulation" appears to work across most of the noumenal

spectrum, though it is certainly the case that not every ghost knows how to improve every other
ghost's phenomenal activities.


Aye oS OR 7) = Se /

a a hee I~, ‘
~ oo € Age ows ¥* * ‘wrett >a * 4a 4 * § a
B oPPosition

fo

— Leaflet pinned to wall in Orpheus toilets

x e
a3 be, Take ee My meet bes Fdaiess matters: change, of —— mane
pe fly becakae expea dable liabilities; organizations must dispose of
al Kpent
tabs a ete is automatically your enemy, most pocrlen' Leplt cea opinion
. sos se eek according to how they perceive reality, andmany ,
< titorsfor
oe | aasyed 7 s-directed missions. Rival groups are icomectiic boa]
) sore or catered metrics ny rations. Piety Caan ri} ome t to
re: ms posed igment
' ia aterial or ly know too much. Religions o!
bee epyingen classifi jed material, or is ET trom Acie 5

Ly:
.d Judai adherents
‘rom Christian to Taoist an ‘about the afterlife. Vigorous
Scientologist, all have some articaes whether this involves Jeaflets through

may feel morally obliged to

the mail, public denunciations or gene ain they discover how thin the veil between

bably just esolye this
Normal people will probably ‘What if they feel the best way tor :
them and gb is. foc | Fae ecosgatiog ‘and interfering? It's a valid point of view.

to stop peop' like
tt might even be true...

me THE OVERT Enemy

Listen to me yery carefull)

he — Private email on Orpheus fileserver, KD to Unknown Parties.

From: KD
= To: <Undisclosed Recipient>
Subject: Re: Enemy

Some enemies are easy to spot; Orpheus knows them well enough that they go onthe
briefing sheets, or obvious enough that a crucible figures out they're dangerous, or public
enough that anyone with the sense to read the newspaper is watching for them.

Spectres (at least, that's what some of us call them, though nobody knows where the name
came from; our beloved leaders refer to them as hostile PLEs) are a clear and well-
recognized threat. Initially, several crucibles report active interference by hostile ghosts
who weren't connected with the current mission and had no clear identifying traits. In fact,
they were carrying so many Stains it was almost impossible to identify them as once-human

(their personalities weren't particularly normal, either).

Well, since then, we've identified a couple "breeds" based on shared traits, but otherwise
we can't distinguish the new ones from the really pissed-off spooks. Admittedly Spectres
carry more Stains, more attitude and far less of the warm and cuddly, but so far Orpheus
hasn't established much policy in the way of dealing with them except for "fight or flee." As
such, all our bosses can do is provide warnings, hope for the best and request more data, if
4 your crucible ends up in a "research-oriented" situation.

y Of course, it's only reasonable to suppose that Spectres want to "research" us when we

\ encounter them. Presumably they don't know any more about us than we do about them.

P I'm guessing here, but they may see us as threats to eliminate or interlopers to watch and
Sg evaluate. I don't know. They don't seem capable of speech.

Other than Spectres are "normal" ghosts and accidental projectors that a crucible may

encounter during an assignment. These are often the most probable reason for an assignment,

and may or may not be hostile. Whether they're actively opposing you or not depends ona

" Be crucible's behavior and the mission's focus. Of course, some ghosts will be hostile; if a Haunter
is busy lurking in his old mansion and doing his best to kill everyone who comes in, he probably

~% won't make an exception for an Orpheus crucible. Let's be real here.

s , > 3. hodyons je —~-.- PA ee 4
me. een Sa ee DS,

Other overt enemies include agencies with their own projectors and their own
objectives, like Terrel & Squib and NextWorld. Sometimes we're good about steering oe
clear of someone else's operations, but there are times we find ourselves working en
opposite one another because two different parties called us in. Someone hires our
crucible to arrange an accident for a political candidate, for example, but what
happens when you find a Banshee projector tripping the othercandidate, who falls
down the stairs and breaks his leg in a fit of terror? If my crucible's supposed to
obtain privileged data on a crime boss' Swiss bank accounts, how are we supposed to
react if he's already hired "protection" capable of taking us on? This is the kind of
crap we have to deal with or put a little forethought into every mission.

Finally, with publicity about ghosts growing, I can foresee another potential enemy
emerging. The more the public knows about ghosts, projectors, the supernatural and
other associated problems, the more frightened they become. Terrified people may
react in unpredictable and wholesale fashion against everything associated with
ghosts. Even those people trying to fight them....

THE HIDDEN Enemy

— Inter-office Orpheus memo, CG to BB

There are enemies out there we either suspect exist
or won't even know anything about until they appear.
Regardless, you can almost trace the process of discovery

TROUBLE ON THE JOB

— Orpheus briefing notes

A crucible in the process of carrying out missions
can expect several potential obstacles. First, if aggrieved
or malicious ghosts are responsible for the current situ-

on a graph; read some of the post-mission reports, or ation, they will not sit back and allow someone to "deal the
listen to the debriefings, and watch a few extra lines of With them." The confrontation may involve ac
cynicism develop. To salve your bleeding conscience, Combat or the use of calming powers and psychoanalysis,
it's notas if we could tell the crucibles about them. Ifthe but if the crucible wants to dispose of a ghost issue, then
operatives are lucky — and intelligent — they'll notice _ they must deal with it one way or another. It's unlikely
what's happening around them, and put two and two © leave of its own accord. If it did, then ask why? Has it
together. If not, well, let's hope they can survive a few gone else where, away from interfering Orpheus agents,
more NDEs. to indulge its baser passions or to simply brood and
As far as internal threats, we're lucky that our opera- mourn? Was it really working for someone else, and just
tives trust us. If they don't, I hope you'll report anyone _ testing the crucible to establish their capabilities? Has it
vocalizing their distrust. We can't afford disloyalty here, vowed vengeance and gone looking for the ways and
but we aren't the government either. Let's not get heavy- rat to obt h a Ene are ay imporssne a
fisted. We can handle discontent with an increase in wages, "@t every CructDle should' remember and consicer.
a few benefits or a quiet word in the office. The local living population may also pose its own
Again, however, be careful. I trust both of us to problems. In most situations, the location's owner or
approach the problem with some tact. I suspect that proprietor hires us to handle the situation, but usually
others in the chain of command will treat employee with instructions to conduct the investigation discreetly
dissatisfaction like pebbles that could start an ava- because of tenants, office-workers or employees. 2
lanche. They will head it off — one way or another. Oh, Cases where our operatives can liaise freely and 2
and bear in mind that if a crucible actually refuses to openly with other people on the premises, or intimately
undertake a potentially criminal operation, then praise connected with the situation, are likely few and far
their moral standards and claim it was simply a test of between. It's more probable that the crucible must —s
their ethics. invent plausible reasons for their presence, or "go in" *
‘There. done. while projecting. Orpheus operatives should not have to
Be aware that our directors are currently worried; deal me seccaniy ears poles never because we
F a zally by invitation o} y i
they learned some very important lessons from every-  ""© ae is y i ane bi ee onl Si | ae
thing that happened before Project: Echo. They need to if caught on the aos Y Aas Telli not ez ty
be absolutely certain of their agents' loyalties. aware of your purpose, please use discretion. Telling a ot

AMY uefHot 8
ie) =
b

le'

wife that her dead husband's ghost is haunting his


FPR lee |
» \¥ €:4
ee —

workplace is asking for trouble. Who knows how she'll
react to such news? Will she run over there at once,
screaming for contact? Will she have a nervous break-
down on the spot, and try to commit suicide to join him?
Will she decide the crucible isan obstacle to her contin-
ued married felicity, even if he's dead and she isn't, and
try to dispose of them in some way? It's a difficult
situation, and we still can't provide a full set of policies
and procedures about how to handle the living in such
cases. If your crucible makes a mess and causes a distur-
bance, deal with the matteras best you can, but leave the
talking to our competent spin doctors. As far as Orpheus
policy isconcerned, however, we shouldn'thave to clean
up after you.

There is also the question of outside interference,
from other agencies or organizations with an interest in
the matter, or from people with a personal stake in the
crucible. We have, in the past, had cases where other
agencies were be diametrically opposed to or in conflict
with our aims— suchas, "get the Swiss Bank codes from
the ghost and make sure nobody else has them." It's eas'
for our operatives to grow used to walking through walls,
tearing down buildings and possessing people when
nobody else can do it. It becomes an entirely different
kettle of fish when your opponents are equally capable,
and may even be better at it than you are. In such cases,
the crucible should take precautions (if not already
doing so) like hiding their identities while on the job, in
case other agencies try tracking you down to recruit or
remove you. Fortunately, in such cases, Orpheus pro-
tects its own agents, and can arrange changes of identity
and location, fake deaths, alter records and generally
ful agents that have been compromised.

provide for us

BISHOoOF

Nobody admits they know about Bishop, and if
they do, they whisper his name with conspiratorial
trepidation. Orpheus Group hasno records pertain-
ing to Bishop, and most are genuinely ignorant of
his identity. The fact remains, there's a ghost or
projector out there called Bishop. He's powerful
and strong, and reputedly only two people have
survived a confrontation with him... barely... and
they ain't talking about it. Trainers use his name as
a warning for vigilance and spooks treat him as a
ghost story for ghosts. Bishop, however, isa shadow
who knows enough spook tricks to remain hidden
and survive. Some even say, he's tenacious enough
to be older than three years, the expected expira-
tion date all ghosts carry before fading from the
world completely.

ORPHEUS,
> Qube
ee aed

. peteeah
© Rss

=v i
—_— a ¥
So yy Be ot =

Orpheus agents have occasionally made personal en-
emies of other agencies, who then take the initiative by
interfering with the crucible's missions. A lone govern-
ment agent fixated on conspiracies may use your team as
evidence that the Truth Is Out There, and make a nuisance
of himself by investigating you. This becomes even more
problematic to you and your colleagues if someone danger-
ous accesses his files. More lethal enemies, like a lone
Spectre, a ghost your crucible failed to eliminate or psychic
investigators and religious fundamentalists who believe
the crucible in the service of diabolic powers, may prove
persistent and dangerous antagonists.

PURPOSE

— Private email on Orpheus fileserver, Unknown
Parties to KD.

\
So what purpose do agents have? And

what purpose, ultimately, does
Orpheus have?

THE DOFRY JOB
— Private emails on Orpheus fileserver, KD to
Unknown Parties.

Wo:
has avai ngs on the jobs Orpheus
pees le, ey're fa i

Ver commit than to allow speneteae :
"9. A crucible

eas can't handi.
n
|, OF Course, rack Up twice the Pay

The sort Of servi
publicly, which wes Pheus G
the television

multaneously,

5 Foup offers
you've seen advertised on

S. "oPyar [Ee

yy ee,

gst

—e
es
toa

.
sy
cc.

protection at
nable prices; |

offers security an!
ims are very reasol's

tap invented projecting any Us

with the Jeast mishaps,

high price-
cer of people willing to PAY

ices, however, Orpheus |

Orpheus
what it Cc!
put given We!
been doing it
far, it'sa ver

Given the nu
for these Serv \
Keeps us DUSY:

have

——S

Timetable: Kate Dennison

Monday,

10:00! Prermeeting with Mr. and Mrs. Kowalls, Yo arr
12:00: Crucible Pot lynch! Get To Know Your Team!
14:00: Report on regearch of Megathiyarp Toy:
19:00 - 21:00: Séance with Kowalls family

range séance with Me. Kowalls seniee that evening.

*s Factory and Sunday's investigations.

{ ohn ts Debriefing te: Kowalls saanty and bri

19:00 15:00: Kuhdalini yoga sestion.
15:00 - ?: Investigate Megathworp Toys Factoky ond fumigate ghost ‘
Wednesday (

10:00 = 12:00; Medical checkup. Ensure the entire crucible attends.
12:00 "13:00: Counseling sdysion over nth with Orpheus psychologist
ae * 18:00: Briefing re: Areade Antiques Shop.

2020 - 2: Investigation of Arcade' Antiques Shop.

Thorsdoy

O0P0 - 24:00: Continued surveillance of Arcade Antiques Shop. Alternak surveillance with Harry's crucible.

Sefing for next few days

fF 11:00; Pralidinory report an Arcodé Antiques Shap)

9n4 decision do whathec fumigation is required

CHAPTER ONE

me <j MORGD. PB ABE DEAD

—~te; 3 nfs y
Ving deed 7 as
ae. se eee, i

pe

Slip


a

sane We need to contain this leak now! Find out who's blabbing and deal with them fast. I don't
think it's KD, but he's become a liability regardless.

— Anonymous posting on alt.orpheus .

I've got a source inside Orpheus, and he knows what he's eatking
about. It's not just the sentimental stuff on the television. There
are less tegat jobs, ones where payment is made quietly and doesn't
appear in the account books. Or it takes place via the transfer of
unmarked cash in large suitcases, or is measured in favors and oppor-
tunities rather than money.

AS Orpheus prefers sleepers for these jobs, since they require invisible,
ea insubstantial and long-term agents in any case, and Orpheus has a very
ey permanent hold on this particular sort of projector. "You do trust us

J to look after your body, don't you? Of course you do."
Ne Of course, reliable, trustworthy skimmers and ghosts can hope for
¥ lucrative assignments like this eventually, once they've proven they'
4 re safe beyond any stretch of a doubt. Orpheus is nervous, these days,
and it doesn't want to be betrayed.

aa! ay source says operatives on these less legal assignments will proba-
bly only receive one task at a time. This prevents conflicts of inter-

a est, or possibly losing said agents when they're in the middle of a

: delicate and illegal job that only they could handle. These jobs aren'
t printed on timetables on Oppp cua ended paper, and Orpheus personnel
don't discuss them in front of other Orpheus agers who have yet to
know this side of Orpheus Group's employment. Orpheus is more Likel
to issue assignments in brown paper folders with instructions for the
agents to destroy after reading, or to leave on site rather than carry
= along on missions. :
a As to such missions' nature - it may vary wildly, but the keynote is
that it's something Orpheus wouldn't advertise they supplied and the
buyer couldn't purchase publicly. Need evidence on your cheating
husband? Their agents can follow him anytime, anywhere. Want your ex-
wife haunted for a year until she goes insane or kills herself? —
Orpheus has people who can do that for you. Interested in obtaining
the results from your rival company's latest line of drug experiments?
No problem; sign here, our agents are very professional. Want to know
where your enemy's bodies are buried.. literally? They have people who
can put you in touch with the information you want.

INBETWEEN

— Private email on Orpheus fileserver, KD to Unknown Parties

¢ As matters stand, most of us have a "day job" with Orpheus; while Orpheus doesn't take up

every single minute of our free time, we can look forward to frequent missions. Time spent

between assignments, as far as Orpheus is concerned, is best spent in self-improvement. A

more capable agent, after all, is a better functioning agent — I'm sure I read that in one of

AJ those brochures they give us. One of these days I may even read all of mine. On the

% supernatural side, projectors can work at their yoga while ghosts practice their techniques.
On the more practical side, Orpheus arranges classes in most legal studies, and a few more
questionable ones like lockpicking, handling explosives, clearing evidence from an area, etc.
Practicing the hundred-meter sprint under danger conditions never hurt.

ORPHEUS.

~~ Ss TP =e, ae a


=< a — a a te Be =
P - sic ja
— 7% pages f a
b =, 109 ee 80ig SoF y

PRIVATE FUNCTIONS
— Private email on Orpheus fileserver, KD to Unknown Parties

We all have private reasons for joining Orpheus. Feworus sign up for drugs, meditation,

multiple near-death experiences, and constant peril of life and soul purely for the large
salary... well, okay, that helps. The few in it for the money quickly find work in the black ops
section, where the salary is commensurate with their dreams; a lack of personal desire or
philosophy must be very useful to them there.

So why do any of us join Orpheus and dedicate ourselves to exploring the nature of ghosts?
Let me indulge in pop psychology and give you a list of vaguely defined reasons. Feel free to
guess which mine was. I'm feeling masochistic.

The Personal: Someone the operative knew died, and the operative wants to know more.
Maybe it was a friend, or relative, or lover — or maybe even an enemy. Maybe they died when
they shouldn't have, caught in a car crash by accident, or fell downstairs, or something
similarly petty or stupid. Perhaps they died and forever left something unsaid or unsettled
between them and the agent. In any case, the agent's personal motives center on his
emotional tie to this dead person. Maybe he wants to communicate with her, or maybe even
bring her back as a ghost, to work at Orpheus with him. Ona higher level, he might just want
a fundamental answer from the universe about why she died and he didn't.

The Curious: Aren't you? Curiosity about what really goes on with life, death, the universe,
and everything else motivates the agent. She just wants to know, and Orpheus offers her the
means to find out. All the answers are there, if she's prepared to dedicate the time and effort
to research. Curious agents rarely have quite the depth of passion that drives those who ee
have lost loved ones, or which fuels a deeply held moral or religious conviction. Still, ®
curiosity can push an inquisitive agent a long way. The degree of common sense, though,
varies. (Incidentally, the sort of person who is curious enough to undergo near-death
experiences and hazardous experiments is also the sort of person who will be very, very
interested in what's happening at Orpheus. Like you.)

The Altruistic: To some people, Orpheus offers a literal godsend, the chance to ease the
pain of suffering ghosts, or to provide solace and help to the living. Ethically, how can anyone
refuse such an opportunity? Altruistic operatives risk danger and death to fulfill their
missions for Orpheus, and sometimes even while off-duty too. This sort of person is probably
not going to suspect Orpheus of anything dubious, whatever you tell them, and will be
horrified by some of the "black ops" missions undertaken. Terribly nice people, most of
them, but the world isn't a terribly nice place.

The Moral/Philosophical: A strong religious, moral or philosophical set of beliefs drives
this operative. Maybe he wants to find the "Truth" so he can share it, or stop other people
from believing in falsehoods any longer. Maybe he feels a deep need to uncover what lies
beyond death. Perhaps she wants to confirm her personal beliefs, or deconstruct those of
others. Maybe she just wants to contact divine authority so she can present her complaints in r
person. A dubious group, as you can see. 3

The Thrill-Seeker: Idiots... generally. Sorry. Some enthusiasts believe this the greatest |
thing since bungee-jumping. Oh, the excitement of piercing death's veils. Oh, the thrill of
walking among the poor unsuspecting civilians as a ghost, as a secret agent, as (dare I say it) 2
a superhero who's mislaid his spandex. While I understand this motivation, it's dangerous
for the agent's crucible as a whole; if he lands in trouble, he gets them into trouble too. I had
a colleague like this earlier, which I hope explains my prejudice on the subject. He still works
for Orpheus, ina different crucible, but let's just say that these days he doesn't have a body,
in hibernation or otherwise.

J 4
haat

hey


vy

ORPHEUSITSELFE

—Inter-office Orpheus memo, CG to SL

In my more introspective moments, I have to ask what Orpheus
Pid actually wants. Why did they, start the whole poets and what do
a they hope to achieve by it? What's the purpose behind the daily grind
of tasks, and will it ever get there? Then, I actually do some work.
Seriously, even if Orpheus started off with wholly admirable
motives, dedicated to the advancement of learning, the march of
science and the.truth of the human condition, that's not what we are
As anymore. We work for cash. We work for favors. We're like the
7 Internet; we start off as a scientific project, but find out that half the
servers are being used for spying and the other half for downloading
porn.

I've met some scientists and researchers among our colleagues
here who hope to achieve something genuine in the way of original
discoveries. They really think they can advance the frontier of human
ability. Good luck to them, but we're neck-deep in commercialism and
crime and politics now. Even if the cream of our science teams wants
to hide their heads in the sand and ignore it, it's not going away.
There're also others who see the whole thing as a power play, or who
‘ can't get over the whole "greater than normal humanity" thing. And

there are the people like you and me, who just joined up to do the job,
and who stick with it because the job must be done. We have
ne glee to the crucibles, and to our clients, and somewhere
in the middle of that we're barely keeping our heads above water.

Some crucibles are noticing that not all their briefing officers or
superiors have the same idea about what Orpheus is, or where it's
going. I feel sorry for them. In the end, it just comes down to the same
thing you get everywhere else. We started off with high intentions,
we had to eee with the real world, and now we're just trying to make
a living off the dead... right?

i 2-@8-28
Se ScOMSCLES changed
remains that BO
omenon. What does ;
into business beyone
nt? And just wha

‘ _ Transcript from N

Group an inet
is the Orpheus d towne
a7 Mosk a ee mainstream phen:

mean for them? And for us? Who else 1S getting 1
Vv

"grade a
aoe Me incall night on News Magazine.

We' 11 answe these quest10 s and more, to

ORPHEUS,

a PAS A
ns 4 5 Yod'yane lt "tpl
ul ne 2 Ni ey ire ae bo 4 Ne HH
' =_ ¥ RC re gs s t are » Ss, Sos

AGUIDEDTOUR OF ORFPHEUSGROUF

Introduction

The Orpheus Group is a privately held company specializing in contact with the
souls of the recently deceased. The Orpheus Group first swept into the public's atten-
tion following the broad collapse of the United States' information economy. Unlike
scam artists and local fly-by-night operations, Orpheus Group had measurable, repea
able success in contacting the dead. The group first entered the public spotlight upon
recovering a password protecting US$100M worth of a chemical company's assets
after a network engineer suffered a heart attack less than an hour after changing that
password. Desperate for a success story, business reporters from all-news television,
business magazines and even the Wall Street Journal descended on the Orpheus Group
and its charismatic CEO, Jack Tilton, playing them first as a novelty segment. Then,
as they dug deeper, Orpheus Group became a true success story and a scientific phe-
nomenon,

Mission Statement

Orpheus Group is a customer-driven, profit-focused company with a unique op-
portunity to expand into a previously untapped marketplace. We base our activities on
a four-point strategy articulated by our CEO, Jack Tilton

Our people are our uniquely talented greatest resource.
Invest only for real returns; this is no carnival

— Attend to our customers' needs and their loved ones' unfinished business effi

ciently and professionally
Explore this strange new experience scientifically and carefull

We take our responsibility to the bereaved and to the recently departed seriously

Every Orpheus Group representative adheres to a strict code of conduct, ensuring our

clients receive a respectful and professional experience. You will not find Orpheus
Group commercials on late night cable television, nor Orpheus Group sponsorship of
sporting events, no matter how large we grow

Orpheus Group employs some of the world's leading researchers in physics,

cosmology, psychiatry and psychology, and periodically consults with religious offi
cials from across the globe. We are the primary sponsor of the upcoming World Con
ference on the Afterlife in Breda, The Netherlands.

With all that said, we are a nationwide for-profit corporation, not a funeral home.
We don't dress our consultants in black suits or play organ music in the offices. Per
the second point in our strategy statement, this is no carnival, and it is not a charity
Orpheus Group provides a unique service in the world, and we are the leading corpo-

ration in our market space.

rn


56

The Orpheus Group has always been an ambitious organization. Startin

2 from its founding by

engineer Bob Jackson and physician Anne Del Greco in 1986, Orpheus Group set out to redefine the

way society manages human life and livelihoods

In those early days, Jackson ai

d Del Greco believed passionately that medical science was on

the verge of multiple breakthroughs — the sorts of breakthroughs we see today, with human genetic
engineering well along the way to common implementation. Microscopically precise laser surgery
allows for previously impossible surgical tasks, and the unlimited promise of stem cell research lays
before us. Jackson and Del Greco realized those days were coming and they wanted to provide a
unique service: Together, they knew several terminally ill, wealthy individuals who shared the same

optimism about medical science

Jackson and Del Greco undertook their first cryogenics project while moonlighting from their

day jobs. Neither could afford devoting their full energies to human cryogenics in those days, and

they used their most eager potential client, Jane Kennedy

as something of a guinea pig. Kennedy,
only 37, was suffering from several then-untreatable tumors, but she had robust enough personal

assets to provide startup funding for Jackson and Del Greco's early activity under the corporate

name JDG Cryogenics. Kennedy was also an adherent of Eastern religion, a viewpoint she says

prepared her to accept some important experiences that were yet to come.

‘The Fight Against Leukemia Continues

The Maria Del Greco Pediatric Oncol
ogy Center at the University of Chicago
celebrates its tenth anniversary this year.
5 share of the center's funding

from donations by Orpheus Group

The ti
comes
board member Anne Del Greco, whose
daughter Maria died of leukemia in the
mid-1980s. Several fundraising opportuni-
ties will take place over the next year,
including a charity ball, an auction and

Amazingly, five years after Jane Kennedy became JDG Cryogenics' first customer, surgical

techniques advanced to the point where her tumors were no longer inoperable. Del Greco scheduled
Kennedy's emergence from cryogenic suspension to occur simultaneously with her laparoscopic

surgery, engaging some of the finest oncologists in North America.

Kennedy survived, as you may know, and upon her full recovery became one of JDG Cryogen
ics' greatest supporters. Less well known is the extent to which Jackson and Del Greco relied on
Kennedy's trusts to keep JDG Cryogenics operational. When Kennedy emerged from suspended

storage, she found herself the owner of a full 25% of JDG Cryog

nics, and saw the great possibility

of things to come.

ORPHEUS

19)

Sone §
Cr a ae


Deep: eah right! There was no easy. way Kennedy could
Withdraw funding without risking the lives of the half-dozen others still in ended
animation. Jac! 20 strong-armed her into complying, u: ing the gi i
of potentially "killing" the others who were still waiting for their mir: je to happe

(stun | Topien [Mind]

Jane Kennedy, as her book The Other Side? describes, was more aware of her
environment than she expected to be while cryogenically suspended. The flavor of her
frozen coma ebbed and flowed over time, and in at least three incidents, she recalls
leaving her body and witnessing the world we know as it changed over the five years
of her suspended animation. Kennedy saw and interacted with ghosts while "project-
ing" and also eavesdropped on conversations throughout the city. When she became

conscious, she provided convincing evidence of having witnessed these conversations,

often providing details that even the original participants had forgotten about.

Jane Kennedy was not the only early patient to emerge and find themselves with
an equity stake. Within seven years after JDG Cryogenics' founding, four others
emerged from cryogenic suspension with shares of stock in place of the money they
expected to have held in trust. This group — including heart disease survivor George
Oliver — hardly acted with a single mind, but they now owned more of the company
than did Jackson and Del Greco.

Jane Kennedy convinced the rest of the Board that cryogenics alone would not
provide a profit center for this company. She was not the only cryosleep subject who
experienced strange hallucinations and astral projection while unconscious, and
Kennedy, along with Anne Del Greco, was sure that Kennedy's experiences could
somehow generate revenue. With a stroke of the pen, JDG Cryogenics became the
Orpheus Group in 1994, named for the Greek mythological character who entered the
realm of the dead to free his deceased wife, Eurydice, from torment. Orpheus Group
launched a broad and deep study of the afterlife, of post-life entities such as those
witnessed by more than one Board member while suspended, and of the precise
chemical cocktail enabling them to project their consciousness out into the world
while metabolically near death.

We would be remiss if we did not mention the interest, even at this early date, that
the United States Federal Government took in the Orpheus Group. When issues of
national security are at stake, Orpheus Group is front and center in performing its duty
to our country. To the early Orpheus Executive Leadership Team's surprise, the Na-
tional Security Agency and other groups did not demand a shutdown of the company's
activities or any similar government interference in the free market process. Instead,
the US Government retains a courtesy seat on the Orpheus Group Board of Directors.

CHAPTER ONE
p= O® THE DEAD ~


From:Lyreliar <{yreliar@go_qway. com>
Newsgroups: al t.conspiracy, alt.conspiracy.orpheus, misc. test
Date? 2883-1-17 61:04:15 GHT

crowely wrote:
>Jackson had nothing to do with it, t was ail the NSA.

No, that's not comet, Jackson worked with the NSA. Together they discovered that people who had multiple near-death e>peri-
ences could sometines reach back into the nesr-death sensory place and interact with other ghosts. They couldn't find & lot of
people, so, ss crowelyj astutely mentioned elsewhere, the ydecided to go with prisoners — end this is where the Marion fire fits
in

Orpheus and the NSA drugged a bunch of prisoners and then deliberatelyand carefully took them back snd forth from slive to

dead seversi tinesin 6 row. But something went wrong. My sources arent ssying alot, but spparentlya dozen prisoners ended
up comstose and nonresponsive. Crowelyhas it right when he says Jackson didn't have anything to do with the fire — that was
slI NSA. But Jackson wes complicit in the prisoners' desths anyway.

Then the NSA poisoned Jackson to cover it all up. A shot of about 10 cos of pure nicotine stopped his heart. The sutopsy didn't
show anything unususl, because Jackson hed always been @ chain smoker. Mark my words. This will all come out eventually.

Tragedy struck the Orpheus Group in 1996, with the untimely death of co-founder and Chief
Executive Officer Bob Jackson. Jackson, then in his early fifties, suffered a heart attack, leaving the
Orpheus Group rudderless and without direction. The days after Bob Jackson's death were difficult
for everyone involved with Orpheus Group; for a time it appeared that the lack of new business,
combined with new regulatory difficulties with the Food and Drug Administration, might scuttle the
company entirely. Chairman of the Board George Oliver stepped in as Acting CEO while the com
pany searched for a new captain of the ship.

George Oliver continued functioning as acting CEO for almost two full years, until the Board
authorized the hiring of Jack Tilton, an energetic young executive from the steel industry, to take
Orpheus' helm. Tilton immediately changed Orpheus' direction, bringing in talented executives from
many industries to fill key management positions.

Tilton also took a leadership role in a previously understated position. Until 1998, Orpheus had
kept below the radar in terms of public relations. The company's services were only affordable by
the very wealthy, and Orpheus management had previously been ambivalent about the market value
of its post-life projection technology. Tilton turned all this around. He undertook a crusade to raise
the company's public image, to make its activities clear to anyone who asked, and he directed

Orpheus' scientific staff to publish rigorous papers describing the company's activities and hypoth

eses around post-life technology

The mainstream science establishment and press heaped skepticism and even scorn on these
early publications, but Orpheus Group persisted, and has since issued continued documented proof
to major scientific journals. By 2000, at least two other ventures were formed on the basis of
Orpheus' theoretical groundings, and we expect that in two years, post-life technology will become
its own unique sector of the economy

In the years since Jack Tilton raised Orpheus Group's visibility, our goal has been to refine
post-life technology. Our enterprise for doing so has been Project Echo, the secret process by which
we train and prepare extraordinary people to project their consciousness onto a higher plane, where
they can sense and interact with ghosts. These people function as our Investigative Consultants, and
they help to resolve mysteries and ghostly infestations that no one else can handle.

Orpheus Group has been profitable since 1998 and remains a trailblazer in its market sector.
Gartner Group, GIGA and Forrester Research all rate Orpheus Group among the market leaders in
whichever industry area they choose to categorize us. For more information about Orpheus Group,
or to engage our services, please contact a Customer Service Representative


i

.

\

THE INNOVATOR
PROSLEM

— Inter-office Orpheus memo, SL to CG

QRFHEUS

Re: IP problem

beea
‘ ership Team has long ;
th Ero et te Prln Cones
cee oe a sage wen Teclwology ath hs ng toe
oe Ree technology Field ener tn a
ek A streagth To mol

+ share on
ae ene that hove the wherenit hal
est obli

i F

reture. :
We are, without grestion, 4
ant although the etyogerics ioe
From the IDO hays still ihe 4 pat se
ee ca patie sae Problem is wot
Kis large established compomes
to our market space:

an innovator ia our Field,
ecology Femoiniing
e income, We

monagement. ‘
an issue For us suce #0 i
sale

how an interest im Mo
the ELT believes it is not mer
thot we ll establish & Firm enous
q sector To withstand all comers.

gh Footing ia this

aly osstle, bat kel

About a year ago, Tilton started an
initiative he shielded from the Board:
He wanted to take Orpheus Group
through an Initial Public Offering. He
assigned various staffers to prepare
the usual documentation and quietly
approached a management consult-
ing company about the feasibility of
taking the company public. We man-
aged to acquire some of those
documents and made them available
throughout this report where pos-
sible.

As a sidebar, our sources within
the company tell us that when the
Board of Directors uncovered the work
accruing toward an IPO, they put an
immediate stop to it. Tilton would
have lost his job had he not retained
the personal support of several Board
members. As it was, Orpheus released
a few of the low-level staffers involved
in the investigation after forcing them
to sign ironclad nondisclosure agree-
ments about what they'd learned, and
giving them disproportionately large

@ severance checks.

ORPHEUSF RO
EXCERPT

Q5. What if know ofa public building with a "ghost
problem?" Should I inform the owners or contact you
directly? What about my child's school?

A5. Orpheus Group cannot begin an investiga-
tion without the permission of the building's owner or
the tenant in the disturbed area. While you can
contact us directly, be aware that such "secondary
calls" don't earn the priority that a "primary call"
from a tenant or owner recei

In the case of a school or similar institution, contact
Orpheus directly and we will follow up with school
officials. The safety of our children is paramount to all of
us at Orpheus Group, and we sympathize with any
concerns you might have.

STRUCTURE

—Taken from press and promo clippings, as well as
from "Welcome to the Orpheus Group," a dossier dis-
tributed to new employees.

Two years ago, the Orpheus Group moved into its
plush new headquarters in the metropolitan area. Within
a short drive of the International Airport, Orpheus' con-
sultants are a three-hour flight from anywhere in the
continental United States. Orpheus HQ is a state-of-the-
art, secure five-story building with high-speed Internet
access and a robust emergency medical facility, an under-
ground parking garage and three secure sub-basement
levels. The building also hosts a small athletic center for
employee use, and a dining room whose staff is led by Chef
Rene Mineaux (late of the prestigious Blue Room).

As our mission statement indicates, our uniquely tal-
ented employees form the rock on which Orpheus Group's
success rests. From the dining room staff through to the
executive suite, each member of the Orpheus team knows
he is personally involved in the company's success.
INVESTIGATIVE
CONSULTING

Our Investigative Consultants form the core of our
business. These professionals care for daily Orpheus
operations, from ordinary sales calls to direct contact
with the recently departed and just about everything in
between. Consultants travel across North America in
teams of three to six, though we occasionally use larger
teams for complex or emergent situations.

A Project Leader, who may or may not also serve as
project's Lead Investigator, guides each Investigative
Consultant team. Orpheus Project Leaders are respon-
sible for tracking individual Consultants' activities, time
billing and expense tracking, and similar work. Project
Leaders sometimes enter the field, but many work strictly

ay ht

from Orpheus Group headquarters, remaining in con-
tact with project teams by phone and email.

Lead Investigators head up field project teams;
generally their investigative expertise, management ex-
perience or strength in communicating with the recently
departed provide them with an edge over other Consult-
ants. We expect Lead Investigators and Project Leaders
to mentor newer Consultants, providing them with the
opportunity for fieldwork that will develop their skills
and value to the orga

Orpheus maintains a dedicated Training Team as
an adjunct to the Investigative Consulting organiza-
tion. This group remains separate from field activity and
provides expertise and research information to Investi-
gative Consultant teams. The Training team also
provides new hires with intensive "boot camp" style
regimen to bring them up to speed with Orpheus poli-
cies, procedures and technology.

Orpheus Group does not maintain specific stan-
dards of schooling, education or experience for its
Investigative Consultants. This is unlike nearly y
other aspect of our corporation, and it emphasizes the
unique positions that Investigative Consultants hold.
ICs venture into previously unknown territories, and
Orpheus Group is keenly aware that old-economy re-
quirements for such positions have no validity in the
modern day.

ion.

Our research shows that about 30%
of the Investigative Consultants on staff
have been repeatedly hospitalized within
the last decade. But the hospitaliza-
tions don't have a consistent cause.
One has a persistent brain tumor that's
recently gone into remission; another
appears to have been a bouncer and a
third is a former Army enlisted man
who, from obtained documents, has
more lead in him than a box of pencils.

There's no consistent thread among
the rest of them — at least nothing we
can find on paper. They largely fit the
typical demographic of adults in the US:
Half men, half women. About 85% fin-
ished high school; about a quarter have
a bachelor's degree or better. Age dis-
tribution also hits demographic averages
(more or less), with a quarter of their
workforce between 30 and 40, a third
under 30 and the rest between 40 and
65. Orpheus maintains six internships


for high school and college students,
with admission based not on achieve-
ment, but rather essay and personal
interview. These people are almost math-
ematically average. This is unusual.

Orpheus seeks out many of its people
directly; they recruit specific individuals.
They occasionally put up a table at a local
job fair, but there's no obvious pattern
to the names that they choose for fur-
ther interviews. We've seen people from
every walk of life given consideration,
and very similar individuals turned down
for no apparent reason.

The Consulting organization is led by Senior Vice-
President Bradford Negley, who joined Orpheus Group
relatively recently, aftera lengthy management consult-
ing career with Deloitte & Touche.

PUBLIC RFFFRIRS

The Public Affairs organization within Orpheus
Group is led by Senior Vice-President Margaret Burns.
Margaret Burns comes to Orpheus Group after a long
ful stint at Magadon Pharmaceutical, where
she recorded six consecutive quarters of increased posi-
tive perception ratings before leaving Magadon to join
the Orpheus team.

Public Affairs is split into Operating Teams ona media
basis. PA has four teams: Print, TV, Radio and New Media,
but most PA staffers float from team to team as the need
requires. The New Media team works closely with the
Information Technology organization, and they are re-
sponsible for maintaining the Orpheus Group website.

— Inter-office Orpheus memo, CG to SL

Bublé Affairs maintains one group of

. ind many inves-
roaming image woe a ON statfer

sional public

rise when word
that can aris ae

i i these
s' services. Burns gives S ‘A
Sipheu reat latitude to act as required
ithe PA statfer Gerros activity. that's fine;
some Orp , H
ihe tisld PA person wants Beale
conference, that's okay too. De iat
i vyene before Orpheus imag! Q
empowerment mantra See they
believe in it. Her enemies, ¢ Sot bus
say that what Burns is really n
a fe people enough rope with which

to frang thems2ves-

yvaaPTER ONE

Wi nefGot 8
hy Sn.

: d 4

ry ee ay eg |,

INFORMAL nO mnoR
ORGANIZATIONS

With any medium-sized corporation, power and
activity don't always reside in the boxes on the organiza-
tion chart.

Associates' Coffee Club—One of the most quietly
influential groups at Orpheus, six executive associates —
called "secretaries" back in the day — meet every Friday
morningat6:00forcoffee and pastry at Tim's Bakery, afew
blocks from the Orpheus building. There, thinkingthem-
selves safely out of earshot ofanyone whomightcare, they
share gossipandhorrorstoriesfrom the office. Forthe most
part, these associates don'tsharerealhorrorstoriesso much.
as office-horror stories — "I was on:my way out the door
at5:45andheneededme totakenotesforan hourmeeting
with his senior staff," or other similar tales.

Education Team — Several of the best Investigative
Consulting trainers meet informally over lunch a few days
a week to discuss new recruits, current events and office
politics. This includes Mark Struthwolfand Ilona Darewell,
two of Orpheus Group's top trainers. These educators are
generally closed-mouthed outside of this circle, and many
othertrainersaresuspiciousof theirdiscussionsand motives.

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Orpheus Group has a small Information Technol-
ogy organization. We are still a small enough company
that extensive implementations of enterprise-scale soft-
ware (like ERP or CRM systems) aren't really necessary.
Most of our company-
built, since no off-the-shelf customer information system
is configured to handle the kind of unique information
required here at Orpheus Group.

The head of the Information Technology organiza-
tion is Vice-President Merrick Porter, who has been a
part of Orpheus Group since its earliest days.

— Inter-office Orpheus memo, CG to SL

pa likes IT, They kno)
company. They
former hab od re $ cont etWeen Porter j

but there you queue, and so they end up at the
As if that wr have it, ON. Tri

log critica) hardware f;

ple; the pA
‘sent its collective

group doing the other a favor.

W it,
ut eh and act like the Put-upon Martyrs of
in IT and Raddicks, the

nak


z Members of the Information Technology team are
x eligible to participate in field activ acting Inves-

tigative Consultants, since many investigations involve
tracking down the recently departed to discover infor-
mation about sensitive IT systems.
ENGINEERING

Engineering is the heart of the Orpheus Group. Until
his untimely demise in 1996, Orpheus Group founder Bob
Jackson personally led Engineering — in fact, it was
se Jackson who perfected the first fully successful cryogenic
" tank, back when Orpheus Group was JDG Cryogenics.

The head of Engineering isarelative newcomer. Junior
a Vice President Dr. Enid Farquand has advanced degrees in
mechanical engineering and life sciences from the Univer-
sity of Chicago. This is Dr. Farquand's first position in
industry after a successful career in academia.

— Inter-office Orpheus memo, CG to SL

ee Farquand is an idiot. She has academic creden-
tials to beat the band, two Ph.Ds... the whole deal.
So she's brilliant. But she's a brilliant idiot. I don'
t know what moron put her in charge of a depart-
ment. She has no management skills, and the
r interpersonal style of your high school's A-V club
. president. She won't look her subordinates in the
eye, ignores her peers and only communicates
directly to her supervisor on the Executive Lead-
ership Team. She has no idea how to delegate
work; her schedule was thrown to hell the other
day because she insisted on fixing a thorny tech-
nical problem herself.
By all reports she'd be happier doing just hands-
on work, but the ELT put a lot of credibility into
her success in Engineering after Raddicks stormed
out, so they shuttle her out to management and
leadership seminars all over the country in the
hopes that something will stick.

The rest of the Engineering team is responsible for
upgrades and maintenance of Orpheus' cryogenic equip-
ment. Thisisacritical operations function within Orpheus,
because modern cryogenics remains an important revenue

S source and, more importantly, because no lapse in cryo-
i genic suspension of living clients can be tolerated.

When a client is brought out of cryogenic suspen-
sion into unconsciousness in preparation for surgical
procedures anywhere in the country, one or more Engi-
neering team members accompany the client to ensure
his continued safety.

LIFE SCIENCES

Chief Physician Murthy Chandrawati runs the Life
Sciences department, with a few Vice Presidents reporting
a directly to him. Life Sciences employs several MDs and

ae . | pe 1 /
 — st =.

ae. ume,

there is always a physician on duty and another on call at
Orpheus headquarters in case of a cryogenics crisis.
Chandrawati enjoys the Tespect of his staff, who
praise his management sty! le as "hands-on, with no
micromanaging." This contribu e:
ing one of Orpheus Group's most cot
and profitable organizations. Life Sciences staff works
most closely with Engineering, particularly in the cryo-
genics area, but LS staff may be called to duty alongside
Inve: ive Consultants. In facta few LS personnel are
permanently assigned as adjunct members of Investiga-
tive Consultant teams.

— Inter-office Orpheus memo, CG to SL

Everyone in Life Sciences knows that Chandrawati
sleeps with his secretary. Not everyone in Life
Sciences knows he also sleeps with at least two
RNs on the floor as well. He's a charmer and
maintains strong interpersonal relationships of
the sort that a man twenty years his junior would.
He is very competent, and he knows more about
cryogenics than any two of his non-Orpheus col-
leagues.

ACCOUNTING NO FINANCE
The Accounting and Finance departments report
to different Vice Presidents, but they work closely to-
gether; both organizations sit beneath Chief Financial
Officer Elizabeth Brandeis in the organizational chart.

—Email found in Mainframe's recycling bin; Source

Ref# 2034

"I'm no financial services
nerd or anything like that,
but these two groups make the
whole company go 'round. You
need anything done, really,
you have to go through Ac-
counting. And Finance
reputedly sits on a nest egg
the size of Gibraltar.

What nest egg, you ask?
Well, when someone signs up
for the cryogenics process,
one requirement is that
Orpheus Group gains limited
power of attorney over the
person's finances. This is
ostensibly to protect the ?
person's assets so they remain £

ats
a
amy aC

oh


viable when the person re-
turns to a normal metabolic
state. Contracts also ex-
pressly permit Orpheus to
tap interest and dividends
beyond the prime Lending
rate + 1% to provide cover-
age for ordinary operating
expenses, such that the
cryogenically frozen indi-
vidual is never at risk of
damage due to Orpheus' in-
ability to maintain them.
The money does revert to the
client's estate in the event
of their demise. Not that
the average joe could dis-
tinguish between the Project
Echo process and death, but
there you have it.

"Maybe this ought to be in
an independent trust, you
might think. Yeah, you would
think that. Brandeis put the
first few of the agreements
through, back in the day,
and Orpheus managed to push
them on about half of the
subsequent clients. The rest
renegotiated, providing
Orpheus with an operating
funds trust and a contin-
gency account and so on.

But what I'm saying is,
there's a whole lot of money
belonging to frozen people in
Orpheus accounts. And Finance
has its wang in the tank.

"Another thing... ghosts
make fantastic inside trad-
ers. Until the SEC's
regulations catch up with
Orpheus activities, there's
nothing technically illegal
about sending a ghost to a
company's boardroom, soaking
up secrets, and returning
with the goods. Sure, it
might be illegal to send a
live consultant projecting
his way in, but the dead are
immune from prosecution." vial

Despite Orpheus Group's unusual activities, Ac-
counting and Finance see themselves as oases of relative
normalcy. Accounting standards remain as they have
always, and the stock markets play out their drama every
day without any contact with the departed.

Orpheus regularly asks accountants and financial
analysts to join Investigative Consultant teams that
need forensic accounting or market research skills.
PEOPLE SERVICES

While other companies have "Human Resource"
departments, the Orpheus Group Leadership Team feels
that title minimizes the value we place on our employ-
ees. The People Services organization falls under the
helm of Senior Vice-President Nicholas Panagiotatos,
who has been a part of Orpheus Group since it grew large
enough to need a People Services team.

People Services is generally responsible for manag-
ing employee compensation, benefits, incentive
compensation plans and retirement funds. Due to the
unique nature of Orpheus Group's business, our employ-
ees are keenly aware of their need to provide themselves
with quality long-term health care, life insurance and
retirement benefits; our compensation plans are among
the best in any industry to which we are typically
compared.

Orpheus Group's People Services also acts as an
impartial arbiter on behalf of the Leadership Team in
the event of a dispute between two of our business
groups. People Services personnel also play facilitators
in our Incident Learning Process, which is activated
after a project team faces strong negative results.

— Inter-office Orpheus memo, CG to SL

Curiously enough, People Services also manages
Internal Security. The unspoken assumption
around HQ is that Internal Security has several
ghosts on "payroll" — the ghosts' families receive
nice stipends, and the ghosts receive whatever
else they want, too. Rumors run thick as to what
sorts of things the security ghosts ("spook spooks
") earn in payment. Free time to possess the
living? DVD players?

LERDERSHIF TERM

Orpheus Group's Executive Leadership Team is a
small and focused group of executives who, together,
provide more than 125 years of upper management
experience at corporations sized similarly to Orpheus
Group. Any one of them will happily tell you they've
never worked anywhere quite like Orpheus before.

Names and backgrounds of the Executive Leadership
Team are provided elsewhere in this document. There is no

QGHAPTER ONE

—

a

wy
por 5

au ney da 8

i THE DED" \ ~ |
Mm tT a <—aaet o |

ws


overlap between the ELT and the Board of Directors; CEO
Jack Tilton does not hold a Board seat (despite his personal
financial investment in Orpheus' success), and no Board
member holds a management role.

The ELT sets policy and strategy for the Orpheus
Group as a whole — annual initiatives like cost-cutting
measures, strategic partnerships and funding programs
all come down from the ELT and are passed along to the
various organizations by their individual leader.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Orpheus Group's Board of Directors is led by
Chairman George Oliver, whose guidance led Orpheus
into its recent string of successes. The board has many
voting members and holds several non-voting advisory
seats as well. Orpheus Group determines membership
on the Board of Directors by shareholder vote.

The most publicly visible members of the Board,
beyond Chairman Oliver, are members Jane Kennedy
— a founding party — and Anne Del Greco, the
surviving architect of Orpheus' predecessor company,
JDG Cryogenics.

DEROPHYSICS

From the Orpheus Group website's Frequently Asked
Questions file:

Q23. What is a post-life entity?

A23. A post-life entity or PLE is Orpheus Group's
terminology for what others might call a "ghost" or
"spirit." It's a dryer, more technical term, we admit, but
we think it's more precise.

Q24. Okay, but what is a post-life entity?

A24. Itis tempting to say that even Orpheus Group's
top researchers just don't know what a post-life entity is,
but that would be hedging a bit. It's more factual to say
our scientists have several theories. First, it really is
possible that a ghost is the soul of a living person who
managed to persist beyond the point of the body's
demise. Certainly many post-life entities who our re-
searchers communicated with believe that's precisely
what they are.

Second, a post-life entity might just be the impression
that a person's brain leaves on the local psychic environ-
ment. It persists for a few years, then eventually fades on its
own. That would help us explain why we don't find very old
ghosts beyond three years or so. Sir Isaac Newton doesn't
seem to be lurking around King's College.

Beyond those two theories are some ideas that
either the layperson probably wouldn't understand, or
ideas in left-field to the point of implausibility. Those
interested should look at Spirits in the Material: The
Science of the Orpheus Group, written by Orpheus co-
founder Anne Del Greco.

oe oh Ga

THE SORRD

— Email found in Mainframe' 's recycling bin;
Source Ref ; ", &

d. iter: was no Board of
for the first few ‘years of JDG Cryo's
history. There didn't need to be one, really; the
company | hardly had the funds to keep the doors
open. But as time progressed, venture funding
trickled in and Jackson and Del Greco slowly sold
their ownership stake in the company to obtain
the capital needed to keep the company solvent.
They were careful, keeping things diluted as much
as possible, making certain they each kept around
30% of the company's ownership.

Thencame the Azim incident. AmirJa'afaral
Azim of Saudi Arabia was cryogenically frozen,
but something went horribly wrong. Ja'afar's body
wasn't frozen properly and underwent rapid ne-
crosis; a few weeks after going under, he was
unsalvageable. To settle al Azim's family's law-
suit, the company sold more shares of stock, enough
to dilute Jackson and Del Greco's shares to less
than 50%.

The moment that happened, pow, Jackson
and Del Greco were extra. Jackson received the
CEO position, since the new majority owners had
no collective idea how to run a cryogenics tech-
nology company, while Del Greco held off,
accepting a seat on the newly formed Board.

There's no SEC requirement that a private
company's directors must make themselves publicly
known or available, and there are several Board
members whose names were never leaked to the
public. Favorite candidates forsucha"Shadow Board"
includealiens(noevidence), governmentspies (some
evidence), wealthy stakeholders from tespectable
corporations (probable), religious fanatics or cultists
(no evidence) and ghosts (possible).

Spirits in the Material is available through our com-
pany store.

Q25. Who can see ghosts?

A25. Not everyone can see post-life entities. Our
researchers aren't sure precisely why certain people can
see PLEs and others cannot. The ability appears to be a
combination of hereditary and environmental factors
— and of course, much of our research is proprietary
since it's our competitive advantage over other firms
moving into this market space.

Q26. How does Orpheus Group interact with ghosts?

2 ont

pe WM PAs 4

A26. Through three main methods. Some of our
investigators can easily see PLEs, even those who aren't
manifesting in a physical form you might recognize. And
many post-life entities can see and communicate with
consultants who can see them. Some of our consultants
can also release their consciousness from their bodies
and join the ghosts as insubstantial beings. In such a
state they can better communicate with post-life enti-
ties, and assist them with their problems, help them
move on further into the afterlife, or ask them for
missing information critical to the living.

Q27. Do you have "ghost traps" or "ghost rays" or
other high-tech equipment?

A27.No. Some of our investigators would rather we
did, but Orpheus Group doesn't exist to trap ghosts or
serve as a corporate cleanup service. Our research shows
that most ghosts who remain near the living do so
because something is holding onto them, keeping them
from moving on. Ifa post-life entity becomes a nuisance,
Orpheus Group consultants attempt to learn what people,
events or things tie it to its past life, and endeavor to
resolve those ties so the ghost can move on.

Q27. Are there different kinds of ghosts?

A27. Orpheus Group identifies three general types of
post-life entities. These categories are not hard and fast and
you should not take them as canon. The first kind of entity
is a "static repeater." This ghost harmlessly repeats a series
of actions over and over again, and is usually harmless
except to the easily terrified. The second kind of post-life
entity isa "violent reactive." These ghosts can perceive the
world around them to a certain degree, and possess strong
emotions regarding the living. Reactives generally act on
those emotions, affecting our environment; they are dan-
gerous. The third kind of post-life entity is the self-aware
spirit. This kind of ghost is often the simplest to deal with
since it responds well to ordinary human interaction, but it
sometimes poses more intractable problems as well. Fortu-
nately, Orpheus Group keeps detailed protocols for dealing
with all three major kinds of post-life entities.

Q28. What should I do if it seems like a ghost is
hassling me?

A28. Before contacting Orpheus Group, conduct a
little investigation of your own. Our services, though
affordable for clients with real problems, aren't worth-
while if we just show up at your apartment and tell you
the spooky knocking at the window is a loose shutter.
Experiences like that make for bitter and distrustful
clients, and we don't want that any more than you do.

If you're certain you can only attribute your experi-
ences, at home or in the workplace, to the activity of
post-life entities, it's time to give Orpheus Group a call.
Our Investigative Consultants are on call 24-7 to imme-
diately assess, investigate and resolve your problems.

Q29. How can I be sure that once you say you've
gotten rid of a ghost it's really gone?

A29. The Orpheus Group provides a 30-day money
back guarantee for retu stations of certified
dispersed post-life entities. This guarantee does not
cover the arrival of new ghosts to a location, and we
recommend that clients who live at or near a psychic
"hot spot" consider relocating. For persistent clients
who do live at a "hot spot," Orpheus Group provides its
Hotspot Platinum Program to help defray the cost of
repeated interventions and dispersals.
tomer service specialist for more information.

Q31. What are ghosts made of?

A31. Asdescribed previously, our research is propri-
etary and gives us a strategic competitive advantage,
which we can then pass on to you
reveal a few facts to the general public, however. Post-
life entities aren't composed of the same matter that
constitutes living people. There are no atoms in a PLE,
no molecules. There don't seem to be any particles at all,
though some researchers suggest a kind of coherent, low-
speed mass of neutrinos (neutrinos are very light,
uncharged particles that almost never interact with
ordinary matter) might explain the typical ghost's in-
substantial, invisible nature.

PLEs do emanate electromagnetic fields... that is
certain. These fields have a unique signature that has a
direct effect on nearby electronics (shorting out computers,
putting images onto the tube of a television, etc.).

Contact a cus-

PLE mMoOnitToR

This handheld device allows for rudimentary
detection of post-life entities. Orpheus engineers,
however, had to make a few compromises to make it

work as a handheld. It is about the size of a PDA, but
only has 30 minutes of battery life and grows very
warm tothe touchafter just one minute of continuous
use. After one turn, the user can make a Perception +
Computer roll to determine the number of ghosts
within 50 meters and their rough location (to within
about five meters). If the device's user can move
around, he can triangulate nearby spooks' locations
more effectively; successful subsequent Perception +
Computer ro) fallow him to reduce the margin of
error by one meter per attempt.

These devices are usually available only to opera-
tives who can't sense nearby ghosts or projected
entities without aid. Since every ordinary Investiga-
tive Consultant can detect nearby spooks, Orpheus
gives PLE Monitors to those employees who act as
temporary ICs. Orpheus does have bigger and more
effective non-portable versions of this device in key
areas of their headquarters building.

QHAPTER ONE

au "<b
7

a

al Fe
= ae oe

> «|

Very


STRNDOFRRO
OPERATING
PROCEDURE

From Orpheus Group's "Investigative Consulting:
Activities Manual"

Most organizations at Orpheus Group work the
same way that similar organizations function at other
corporations. Our Information Technology group, for
example, handles computer hardware and software in-
stallation and maintenance much as an information
technology group handles similar activities at a phar-
maceutical manufacturer or automaker.

Orpheus Group Investigative Consultants have a
job unlike any in the world. Youare joining an elite team
of uniquely talented professionals. Our work is never
quite the same way two days in a row. This isn't like
spending eight hours a day in front of a computer... but
you might, once in a while. This isn't a job where your
life is in danger... but it might be, once in a while. This
isn'ta job with a lot of glamour and prestige... but it can
be, once in a while. This is a job where everything you
do matters to someone. This isa job where you really can
make a difference. This is a job where no one else in the
world eanide whaeyourdo:

EXCERPT FROMTHE FAD

Q30. Does my homeowner's insurance cover the
dispersal of post-life entities?

A30. Probably not, at least, not yet. Orpheus
Group is in negotiations with several nationwide
home insurance providers to establish a usual, cus-
tomary, reasonable (UCR) cost for typical services.
Those in local, state and federal housing programs,
however, need to be aware that none of those pro-
grams can offset the cost of Orpheus Group activities
within their projects.

Q32. What distinguishes you from your competi-
tion?

A32. Orpheus Group is the innovator and market
leader in the post-life dispersion field. Our results

INVESTIGATION

show a strong upward revenue growth curve, and our
technology leads the rest of the industry by three full
years. Orpheus Group falls into Gartner's "Magic
Quadrant" as a market space leader.

TRAINING

Orpheus Group Investigative Consultants receive
top-notch training in a variety of fields. A newly hired
consultant will not see field work for six months after
hire, and the six months following training take place
witha talented and experienced Investigative Consult-
ing team. Only after a full year on the job will most
consultants see individual small projects or act as fully
contributing members of a larger consulting team.

We make no assumption about a new hire's level of
education, and we provide training befitting the
employee's education level.

Investigative Consultant training includes:

Psychology

Basic Physics

Electromagnetism

Life Sciences

Sosialoey

Philosophy of Life and Death

Comparative Religion

Introductory Business Communications

Investigative Consultants expecting to act in the
field also receive basic physical training and self-defense
classes; they may also earn firearms certification.

Consultants receive extensive training in personal
thought regulation, autohypnosis and astral projection
techniques. Lastly, we analyze Consultants (with the
help of hypnosis, medical support and the assistance of
more experienced projectors) for their aptitude to project
their spirits outward away from their body. We do
provide Consultants who prove unable to do this with
the opportunity to become "sleepers"; we place their
bodies in suspended animation and their spirits can
roam on their own. Both methods of projecting astrally
have an advantage, and we consider users of either
technique as peers with the others.

CONFIDENTIAL material:
DO NOT DISCLOSE to non-Orpheus personnel

The Investigative Consulting group sees busine

a

opportunities in three broad categories of post-life

activity. The first concerns a PLE's pursuit of actions actively harmful to a person or place of business.
Second category involves a PLE's loved ones hoping to help it move on or hoping to recover knowledge the

ghost alone may have possessed
The third category is everyt

ing else, including confidential, secure or highly specialized work. Further

information on secure work is available to employees who complete their probationary period.


PA Tp ve és
— -
— From the research files of McKinley, Edward; one item, person or area, however, which complicates
Investigative Journalist your investigation. Additionally, they undertake vary- (
ing activities — some are just static repeaters, while We
<a Py. others are known as reactives and still others are self- ee
teescecsduvey Greeeeee willed entities. Me
od Question One: What binds this PLE to the living world? capi
Question Two: What kind of PLE is this? re
Itis easy to eliminate a place-binding as the category 4 )
Everything else? Yeah, what does that mean where a given PLE may fall. Simply ask those affected by -
exactly? Looks like it means a few exclusive, the ghost where they encountered the entity. If those Si
private possbly illegal actwities. Orpheus people you interview all give the same location or set of com- bs "
can project and become Ike ghosts. Is it tres~ mon locations, then this may be a place-bound PLE. If a
passing if you ghost into a private residence and they givea wide ange of answers to this question, then i.
check on whether John is cheating on Marcia with this is probably not a place-bound PLE. i
Ale, +f your body stays put in a legal place" If a PLE is not place-bound, speak to the widest The
What if your ghost form travels into a place of possible range of people who saw the entity. Make sure he
business? Or the operations center of a govern- to discover, for every instance of agiven ghost's appear- pe
ment hostile to the United States? ance, who was present. If one ora few people were almost ie
We don't Know, but we ean be sure Orpheus has always present when the ghost manifested, then odds are y
a team of lawyers in place with boxes of legal good that the ghost is in some way tied to that person or wig
briefs suggesting why each one should be legal. group. If no common thread seemingly exists in this ei
We know Orpheus trainers watch their recruits fashion, then the PLE is probably not person-bound.
pretty closely. We Know they dont offer legally If both these criteria fail, then the ghost is prob- Wu
and ethically questionable assignments to inves~ ably item-bound. This poses the greatest difficulty, a e
tigators deemed likely to squeal. needle-in-a-haystack problem. Search around the ae
Murder for hire isn't done. Not officially, and not known locations and people. where the ghost mani- ‘
off the books' — at least the ELT discourages fests and try finding items in common with those
+ or isn't aware of any. That isn't to say t doesn locations or in ie pesseilonict Five Soe The
; common items don't have to follow ordinary logic;
en, sorts your __ they can be symbolically linked in the fashion that a
investiga' 19 6a IFW aly 15 a OPSSE: gun and bullet are linked, or connected even further
perspec ve; raha ap i Gagh ger h tiie from corpse and bullet to gun to assailant.
youll nesta re = bre ris ie Rete Interviews remain the best way to determine what
onthe job; certain Aa Bie eAa vito naght kind of ghost with which you are dealing. Ifall those you
adopt the es oe wn anya all peat, bad interview say the ghost appears in a horrible, gruesome-
pce Pe eared fat squads, but - posed image or it endl ssly repeats the activity that
canienal es the hvastoa= killed it, then it isa static repeater. Distinguishing static
there are plenty of rumors among the Ne ‘9 repeaters froma reactive's complex task sets can be hard.
twe Consultants that NextWorld has a finger in Iv is a safe bet that most of your clients will not be able
that business. - to make such a determination for you. The key distin-
Rumor has it the Board knows about the occa guishing feature is that most static repeaters don't damage
sional contract killing, and exercises its clout to the physical world, or if they do, they demolish the
help cover the tracks of useful ICs involved in single target of their anger and are not roused again >
that activity. unless that thing is repaired or put back in place. Reactives ¢
rampage and destroy. They might need a trigger to do so, 4
but they are aware enough to want to break things.
PLE INVESTIGATION Free-willed ghosts will notice the presence of a pro- e

PROCEDURE jecting Orpheus operative and, most likely, interact with
Orpheus first step in investigating a Post Life En- him or her directly, speaking if possible or providing clues
1 eee a ib ipa : é and information in other ways if incapable of speech.
tity is to contact the aggrieved parties. These may be : . :
homeowners, apartment dwellers, business owners, of- Question Three: Can the PLE be dispersed or its
fice workers, etc. PLEs tend to be tightly bound to places, PPESeNCe mitigated?
people and things. Usually they are linked to more than

UI pt ont PR GE Dee. < \ rc
5 asl 23 zig 20, s =<


68

va

40 ™ .

Contrary to the press kit, we don't always have to
host to receive our fee

disperse (or "fumigate") a
(and the contract stipulates that). We must simply
prevent the ghost from acting as a nuisance, or re-
trieve the necessary information from it.

We can disperse static repeaters by draining their
energies through direct quasiphysical assault or by
removing or destroying the binding object (if it is
object-bound).

It is dangerous confronting reactives directly, and
we have lost consultants to that kind of attempt
Attempt to uncover

before. Please do not join them.
the source of the reactive's rage. If necessary, attract
the reactive's attention by flaring your own vitality,
and then see if it is conscious enough to
extract information from it. If itis, you're
halfway home. You should be able to use
that information to resolve the reactive's
problem and be on your way.

Free-willed entities are the most dif-
ficult, because they certainly believe
themselves to be people (whether they
really are or not is a matter for the re-
searchers) and as people, they believe
themselves rational and open-minded. We
know this reasoning to be false in the case
of most ghosts. These entities are tied to
the world for a reason. You may not be
able to resolve their dilemma for them
(they might prevent you, or you might
wish not to interfere). If that is the case,
simply exact the ghost's promise that it
will not manifest, harass or otherwise
interfere with the living in the areas it
cares about. Explain to the ghost that, as
a dead person, it has neither rights nor
protections against Orpheus Group cap-
ture and experimentation. In that way
you are likely to achieve its full coopera-
tion.

MSCeLLAMeoOuSs
REFERRAL FES

As a side note, Orpheus Group

knows its consultants are always on
the lookout for post-life activity and
are generally motivated to help keep
any supernatural activity from harm-
ing the general public. To further
encourage that of altruism,
Orpheus Group provides a referral
fee. If any current employee refers a

sort

client to Orpheus Group, that employee will re-
ceive 1% of the gross income (not the net) from
that client for the duration of the client's business
relationship with Orpheus Group. This is subject
to terms and conditions; see your People Services
if you believe you have an appropri-

representativ
ate candidate.
DEARLING WITHLAW
nF ORCEMENT

As a representative of Orpheus Group, you are
not an officer of the law. You are not permitted to
undertake any activity that is ordinarily reserved to
the police; you may not make arrests, for instance.


The activities of an Investigative Consultant,
however, are likely to bring him into contact with
the police. For example, one of the most common
causes of a ghost infestation is unsolved murder. In
2000, in Santa Fe, New Mexico, Melissa Gordon
(age 6) disappeared on her way home from school;
she was not found. On Melissa's birthday in 2001
her parents found themselves haunted by a ghost,
and after a few terrified weeks contacted Orpheus
Group. Our Investigative Consultants found that
the ghost was in fact Melissa, who had been mur-
dered by an uncle who lived outside of town. The
ghost directed our team to her corpse in the desert
and they, in turn, directed police to it; the city of
Santa Fe successfully prosecuted Hector Gordon
for Melissa's death recently. The Santa Fe Gordon
case was a textbook example of the sort of coopera-
tion that Orpheus Group tries cultivating with
local police and sheriff's departments.

Unfortunately, such cooperation isn't always pos-
sible. In 2001 in Crawford, Texas, police arrested
Simon Jones for rape and murder. Despite his protests
of innocence, Jones was tried and convicted of the
murder; he sat on death row when a group of ghosts —
including the victim in Jones' case — led Orpheus
Group consultants to another criminal entirely. The
Crawford police refused to consider Orpheus-discov-
ered evidence, and the local prosecutor had no interest
in releasing Jones to try someone else for the crime.
Our public relations teams and legal counsel are still
pressing the case with state and federal prosecutors,
but it is slow going.

In many municipalities, the possession of a pri-
vate detective's license improves the responsiveness
of the police or sheriff's department. Orpheus Group
encourages all of its Investigative Consultants to
acquire a private detective's license; the company
reimburses the employee for both the license and
examination fees to facilitate this.

In the ordinary course of your duty as an Investi-
gative Consultant, you may find evidence of a crime.
You are required by law to report a crime in progress
to the police at your earliest opportunity. Keep in
mind that most municipalities have yet to rule on the
admissibility of eyewitness testimony from projecting
Orpheus agents. As a result, our agents often face the
conundrum that the law requires them to report a
crime they witnessed even though authorities are
unable to use their testimony in court. Orpheus policy
is that its employees must hew closely to the law,

eect t a

7 Ee ays. ~

Hy
= tt 81g 5 %

eee oie =

* y $
Mee

regardless of any apparent contradictions in its cur-
rent application.

© book you have our
The book have in y, hand
Seys thet you Should immediately

evidence of @ ort if you fing

anyway,
And elong the
Bobbi Same lines

G3, you guys heve no ee
You're deed. You don't
even $2 you diane) and
listen to 9 hey couldn't
relex, You in @ courtroon, So

— Overheard during Investigative Consultant
training

When faced with old crimes, Orpheus agents are
encouraged to act in the interests of truth and justice
whenever possible and within the confines of the law.
All Investigative Consultants receive emergency legal
contact numbers; the attorneys who respond are on call
24 hours a day and can provide phone assistance or
advice, or travel to an IC's location as needed. Orpheus
has yet to encounter any old hauntings; no ghosts have
been discovered with a death date earlier than around
2000. This suggests that Investigative Consultants are
not likely to run into a 40-year-old murder case, or a
crime for which the statute of limitations has expired.

The absence of old ghosts is a curious one. We are as
yet not certain whether ghosts simply dissipate over
time; if old ghosts give up on the material plane and
make their way to the next world without assistance; or
if ghosts are somehow tied to the corpse that they leave
behind, decomposing as the body does. The oldest
ghosts that remain active, of which we are aware, show
no signs of dissipating despite the fact their corpses are
well into decomposition. This is a topic of great interest


s > 2 OO) es iat
SS ANG on Wa oS gg
aa (eee ?

across several disciplines and organizations within

Orpheus Group.
The Incident Learning Process or ILPs —as they are
known — are not fun for anyone involved. When

someone makes a major mistake, Orpheus Group loses a
lot of money, an investigation goes to hell or when some
of Orpheus' activities surface (risking exposure of the
company's less savory undertakings), management calls
for those responsible to participate in the Incident
Learning Process.

For ordinary, boring cock-ups, an ILP is just the
shuffling of paperwork and ascolding shake of the finger.
Even if the disaster is pretty huge, fiscally speaking, so
long as no permanent public relations or supernatural
problems arise, the ILP will be ordinary Human Re-
sources nonsense that you'd see in any other company.

If there's some kind of supernatural element to the
problem, however, upper management becomes closely
involved. I've only heard rumors, but the most persistent
one has it thatat least one member of the shadowy Board
of Directors comes downstairs to participate in any
major ILP. Projectors and ghosts of former employees
become involved, ng their way through ILP partici-
pants' brains and generally scaring the hell out of anyone
involved. These ILPs do not take place on company
grounds! They take place way away from the city,
somewhere that offers the executives plausible

ail
Sauib

Make sure yo
sultants to make sure you aren |
been fired. Very forward-thinki
the deceased's estate" thing. Once
threaten you by threatening your esta te
Their only option left is to try and dispe'!
felt they had no other choi
ghosts have ordinary rights
happy to disperse nuisance gh
they'll give former employ
I keep hearing rumors that som
adjunct to a Board member are d
same rumors suggest we
schemes to bind ghosts, or :
existence of ghosts is just another s!
rules. We just have to figure out wh:
confines of them.

*t violati

con

ight. They reserve the ri pana DE
pee fe j ng nondisclosure, even after you've

ng. Also. take careful note of the
ce your estate is gone. oO
state. what do you think t
rse you, and I'm sure t
They' ve made it abundantly clear th:
like those reserved for the living ~
; that can't be taken care 0
the same treatment if necessary.
¢ in People Services or S
veloping technology to bir
might be trying to work out Herme'
disperse them, ani
cientifie p
at those rules are. and wi

i ==
Tq & ae

deniability. A Motel 6, 30 miles south of city limits, is a
particular favorite.

FORMER EMPLOYEES

The Orpheus Group has never suffered a mass layoff as
companies in most other sectors have at one time or
another. We choose our people carefully, and try to keep
staffing levels precisely in line with our forecasted activity.
On occasion this means we are too low-staffed for demand,
but we believe this preferable to downsizing due to reduced
revenues. Orpheus Group isaware itiscurrently ina growth
phase, and our Forecasting and Demand Planning Team
keeps an eye out for a business plateau that would cause us
to decelerate our recruiting strategy.

For whatever reason, however, some employees do
leave Orpheus' service. The company typically offers one-
month severance pay for employees forced to quit due to
business conditions, and this amount may be increased to
satisfy an accelerated-retirement program at Orpheus'
discretion. Nondisclosure agreements signed by employee
upon hiringare valid for two years from the employee's last
day of work, and supplemental NDAs may be valid for
even longer periods. Note that these nondisclosure agree-
ments expressly allow Orpheus to periodically use post-life
methods to survey former employee for evidence pertain-
ingtoa possible breach of confidential information. Certain
nondisclosure agreements are binding even beyond the
point of physical death, with penalties payable by the
estate of the deceased.

— Interdepartmental Terrel & Squib memo

use ghosts and projecting con-
can quit or

"penalties payable by
r once it's clear they can't ‘
hey're going to do to you?
they'd do that if th
hat they don't believe
their consultants are

f any other way. I expect

‘ome freelancers working In
nd ghosts. Of course. the
tic or Kabbalistic magical
d I don't put any truck into that stuff. The

henomenon, one that follows its own

hat we can do within the

ORPHEUS.

a"
" ad


Nip ake

4

«&
—

SUPPORTING CHARACTERS

— From a sample stockholder's annual report created in preparation for the Orpheus Group Initial Public

Offering (IPO). The IPO never took place.

One of our core operating philosophies, as express
talented greatest resource." To that end, included in th

ed in our mission statement, is "Our people are our uniquely
s report are not merely the members of the Board of Directors

but some of the everyday employees who make Orpheus such a vital and innovative organization.

Jack Tilton, Chief Executive Officer

Best known for the so-called "Archalloy Miracle"
heralded in the business press some five years ago, Jack
Tilton is the vigorous and innovative CEO of Orpheus
Group. The former CEO of steel distributor Archalloy,
Tilton turned that company around, bringing it to
$US10M profitability after more than ten years of it
floating around the zero mark.

Tilton came to Orpheus two years agoat the behest of the
Board of Directors, saying he was looking fora new challenge.
The Board chose Jack Tilton because he providesa charismatic
d energetic face for the company, and because his unique
ion enables us to provide a strong return to our investors.

Tilton came aboard to
[ replace =
t see Fi
Jacesegetors haven't been able ee
S ‘ath to anything but n:
lespite our suspicions. Tilton fs Seong 5

are just waiting for him to mak i '
i eami

as alloy Miracle does not appear Se

en a fluke — Tilton has a OF

usiness, at least in the manu

"6
lox

George Oliver, Chairman

George Oliver joined the Board of Directors in 1995
and became Chairman in 2001. His business acumen is
matched only by his sense of dedication to our local
community and the broader world community. In addi-
tion to acting as the Chairman of the Board of Orpheus
Group, George Oliver sits on the Board of Trustees of
State Polytechnic University, serves on the Advisory
Panel to the International Red Cross and volunteers for
several smaller charities here in the city. After finding his
first success in real estate, Chmn. Oliver reached his
current stature through shrewd investment throughout
the 1990s. As noted in a recent issue of Business Week,
Oliver also sits on the boards of Owens-Corning Corpo-
ration and Hewlett-Packard. George Oliver is an
immigrant to the United States; having moved south
from Shag Harbour, Nova'Scotia in his teens.

al Shareholders Report

, oR

TL


T2

yw

It should come as no S|

Anne Del Greco, Ph.D., Founder and Board

Member

Anne Del Greco holds a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineer-
ing from the University of Pittsburgh, as well as several
honorary degrees from institutions across the United
States and Canada. She is one of the founding partners of
Orpheus Group and has been a part of the organization
since its inception in the early 1980s, when it was known
as JDG Cryogenics. Since JOG Cryogenics' transforma-
tion into Orpheus, Ms. Del Greco has left her position in
direct management and joined the Board of Directors,
though her knowledge of the cryogenic field remains
keen; she is a Visiting Professor in the Engineering
department at MIT and frequently provides consulta-
tion to the Engineering Leadership Meant

Del Greco is one of two Board members with an
unusual interest in the "traditional" occult. We don't
have many details on this interest, but according to old
credit card records, she made a spate of purchases at
some of the weirder incense-and-black-curtains book-
stores down on the South Side right after Jane Kennedy
came back to the land of the living; she's maintained her
"hobby" since then. She's sane and stable — she does
not practice astrology, nor does she talk about "spirit
guides" or any of the usual New Age material. Her
interests tend to go alittle earlier — Crowley and his ilk
are favorites. Del Greco has always claimed to have
been an innocent bystander to Bob Jackson's loss of
power in 1993-1994, but Jackson ended up in manage-
ment and Del Greco on the Board. She couldn't have
been all that innocent.

urprise that HP Jee it's probably also n\

to Orpheus Group, iv
computers Gers Toledo facittes PE Everybody Sct

ORPHEUS,

5 "eee <
7 NG :
. ea
»' Q\ ‘n" Syst We

~~

vides the lion's ane surprise that @

‘ed more P

Jane Kennedy, Board Member

After Jane Kennedy emerged from cryosleep and
received life-saving modern cancer treatments in 1991,
she found that her stake in JDG Cryogenics had become
a large and succes i ince that time, she':
been a powerful influence in the company's emergence
into the limelight and its subsequent success. Ms.
Kennedy holds degrees from the Uni ity of s
chusetts and the University of Southern California, and
she also sits on the Board of Directors of Viacom and
several local charities.

Jane F
Massachyeoeman married j
: lu led in ,
quite young: s Kennedy fanny eBrestigious
name even after hen'e, tained her she was
abortive run er divorce in r new sur-

found herself facpoltics in the mioeeeran

ement wa

the treatmen generous

asked whether Gy faS been cagey "wiees
n

ther she ¢

an or we Ci

@ ghost. Ould "project"
ts aie World Project

Curren

Id, but doe. not, Beets
at least one
m Cryo-sleep,

inci % confi S
i ‘ nf .
hen slice herement that in
S Projected, IENCe fro
‘hareholders Report
0-


S2084 A a
py

K
Brandeis w:

scheme lowing: Orpheus to take a
Ortunes. Curre

tet and the further Orpheus ven

the less likely they are to insist on i

at ictates th

Rumors persist that pending

clients' persona

Current success

tion of t

Elizabeth Brandeis, Chief Financial Officer

Elizabeth Brandeis holds an MBA from the Harvard Business School
and has worked in finance in the medical and health services industry for
over 20 years, with a full decade spent at Orpheus Group/JDG itself. She
is an avid golfer.

Murthy Chandrawati, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Physician

Dr. Murthy Chandrawati has a medical doctorate from the University
of Michigan and a Ph.D. in biochemistry from the Johns Hopkins Univer-
sity. He has led the Life Sciences Team at Orpheus Group for five years,
during which time the group made astounding leaps in its understanding
of the line between life and death, and the path that a person follows after
death.

Other Core Personnel

The Board of Directors and key leadership team members are all
useful, but before we invest any venture capital in this thing, we need to
know who's really playing an important role.

Ilona Darewell, Head Trainer — Ms. Darewell is one of the longest-
serving Investigative Consultants in Orpheus. She grew up in a violent
neighborhood in Houston, Texas, and nearly died after a miscarriage in
1993. Not long after that, she moved into town and took a job as a
receptionist for Orpheus Group, She claimed at that time she could "see
spirits" and "communicate with the dead," but Orpheus did not take those
claims seriously until after Bob Jackson's death in 1996, At that time,
Darewell became one of the first Investigative Consultants on Orpheus'
payroll. She has a strong track record in investigation and in ghost
dispersal, but focuses on training new ICs. Her demeanor is somewhat
abrasive, though she uses a far more "urban" and tough persona when
instructing students than she does when dealing with clients or ghosts.
Darewell cannot project instantly, as many Orpheus consultants can.

Shawn Failor, Investigative Consultant — Failor is a young IC, just 19
when he began. He escaped childhood leukemia after a miracle recovery
at the age of 13. Two years ago, when on an internship with Orpheus.
Group, he happened tobe available when Morgan Chemical called Orpheus
ina panic. Their chief financial analyst, Allen Fischer, had died of a heart
attack just an hour after changing the password to a critical financial
spreadsheet. The spreadsheet governed US$100M worth of assets, and
Morgan did not have the time or compari assets to do a brute-force
solution on the password. Failor took the call, never revealing his age or
inexperience to Morgan Chemical personnel. He projected his conscious-
ness to the hospital where Fischer's ghost lurked, and coaxed the password
from it in a matter of hours.

Failor's success led to a writeup of Orpheus' activities in local
business news sources, and the story spread nationwide ina time when
business news was slow. This exposure drastically raised Orpheus'
profile and revenues alike, singlehandedly making Jack Tilton a suc-
cess. Tilton is at least somewhat aware of this, having joked that he
owes Shawn Failor his job.

Orpheus Annual Shareholders Report

"bls

eas ee BPR ae DEAD ~ \

QHAPTER ONE
wi neetot 8
eg) 2
Ses NM eh

oy a7

ese accounts, but we beli
settle out of court or, le: Pca

leo SS pal:
to eliminate evidence t eahnpe

was originally responsible for the questionable
vantage of comatose

more clients are refusin

res into the mainstream,

it. It also helps that thei
ley need that kind ce thine hee

lawsuits will unearth the lisposi-
vest eeorpnens ial either

S "intangible ie

hat could prove bothersome. -

Dr. Chandrawati is very at-
tractive, and has quite the
libido. Office rumor invariably
ties him to the most attrac-
tive female hire on the floor,
and the scuttlebutt is that he
has at least two children by
women other than Mrs.
Chandrawati. Around Christ-
mas of last year, a young
blonde showed up at the of-
fice with a darker-skinned
child that she insisted was
Murthy's, and she made quite
a scene when Internal Secu-
rity refused to admit her to
see him. Nobody knows who
the woman was or what hap-
pened to her or the child
since then.

less.

Keep |

i ' ea Pt.
Ox \ y N\ > =
poe ‘0 a \Spah @ cs
¢ ¥ \ Meat : gs.
Age yo VE =
» wen —s 4

DIRTY LITTLE SECRETS

The following rumors come from a v

ariety of sources. Most are likely to be false.

NEXTWORLD)

i \ RE: Project Flatline and the Marion Fire

ASS Links between Orpheus and the fire in the lockdown section of Marion Federal Peniten-
rie tiary are tenuous at best. Primarily they come through photographs of three men, all
aA well-dressed professionals traveling in rental cars. All three men were present at

Marion the day of the fire. Photographic evidence shows that all three men were subse-
quently entering and leaving Orpheus Group headquarters at different times.
‘Two of the men cannot be positively identified. One of them, in contrast, is Major
Matthew Shanahan, a former U.S. Army Intelligence officer. According to Army
records, Shanahan died while on classified duty in the Philippines in 1994.
Beyond these three ciphers, we have no concrete evidence tying Orpheus Group
directly to the fire at Marion, nor do we have any solid theories as to what the company
wre might gain from the disaster. The leading theory, however, is that the deaths of a few
dozen inmates at a federal prison for violent criminals would surely lead to terrifying
ghost activity in the surrounding areas. Such activity would drive up demand for
Orpheus services.

et

mT 4


REVEALED:

Alien Technology and Orpheus Group!

Orpheus Group's claims of contact with the afterlife are entirelyfalse,
according to Charles Gounaris, a spokesman for the Global UFO
Information Network (GLUFOIN). "We have photographic evidence
placing Orpheus Chairman George Oliver at Shag Harbour, Nova
Scotia on or around October 7, 1967, the date a UFO crashed into
the sound at Shag Harbour. We believe Oliver's presence there and
the eventual rise of Orpheus Group's science-fiction technology is not
simply coincidence."
Instead, Gounaris goes on to explain, GLUFOIN believes Oliver was
involved in a joint US-Canadian attempt to recover alien technology
from the Shag Harbour crash, and in payment for his services, Oliver
received alien cryogenics (used to keep alien crews in stasis for long
space journeys) and medical technology. "Remember," Gounaris
points out, "that it wasn't until George Oliver became associated with
JDG Cryogenics that it became Orpheus Group and saw the
beginnings of its current level of success.
"Perhaps you could ask Jane Kennedy for the real story." He +
continued, referring to the subject of Orpheus Group's first successful
resuscitation (and a current member of the Orpheus Board of WAS Oliver there? E
Directors). Did he see a UFO like this one
at Shag Harbor?

GHoOsTSsS OF HH

Smudge Report: Orpheus Group Employs Ghosts

WEBDATE: 23 OCT 2001

My own local sources passed this tidbit along just recently and it was too sweet not to
share with you, my loyal readers. It seems that in addition to solving the problems of the
"recently departed," as Orpheus Group spinmistress Margaret Burns prefers to call ghosts
and spirits, Orpheus Group also employs the same people. In fact, my confidential sources
tell me Orpheus Group Investigative Consultants (as their spook spooks are known) were
overheard referring to a recently deceased co-worker as though he was still active! And
our intrepid source LyreLiar says he's seen employment contracts that actually stipulate
the option to continue post mortem. What do the dead need with paychecks? Are there DVD
players in the afterlife? You've got me, Mr. and Mrs. America, but the Smudge Report won't
stop until the truth comes out.


Ve

MEMORANDUM

wt
"<

Ms. Rosalia Pampena, of Lima, Peru, reported seeing horritically
Ugly "ghosts, only to discover they weren't ghosts but rather
Orpheus Group personnel on a mission! Pampena speaking exclu-
Sively to The Monitor, was comatose after an automobile accident
in downtown Lima when she distinctly recalled seeing four "mon-
sters" while unconscious. "The monsters were human in form and
Speech," she said, "but one had insect eyes and wings, and another
was covered in blood..." Ms. Pampena went on to describe the
other creatures in the group, which our staff artist has attempted to
replicate. Imagine Rosalia Pampena's surprise when, after her
felease from the hospital, she saw photographs of "los cuatro mon-
Stros' looking like perfectly ordinary people in an American newspa-
per! The four monsters Ms. Pampena saw were Orpheus Group
investigators, she's absolutely certain. Why did she see them in her

coma? Were they invading her mind with technologies recovered

from UFO wreckage, or did she expand her consciousness to a

higher plane while unconscious? Were the four investigators trans-

formed into monsters as a function of the alien technology, or as a

metaphorical representation of Orpheus Group's dark purposes?

The Monitor flew Rosalia Pampena to Dallas, Texas, to speak with

Noted psychotherapist and dream interpretation specialist Dr

Freddie Kana Dr Kang had this to say

"One had
insect eyes
and wings.
and another

was covered
in blood!"

ae

Police Open Investigation into Jackson Death
BARRINGTON, March 4, 1996 —

at Headquarters Operations

\ To: All Employees
) Center
| EROM: T. Ford, Internal ‘
) DATE: 3 March 1
5 smigation of HQ
\ Oe neadauarters| building will be closed this
} sweekend for PLE dispersal due to persistent
eports of four distinct and unauthorize LES A
| atking in different parts of the building. weap 2
Wesze forthe inconvenience, especially Rows a
to the closing of the boo . tae Hoo ly
Se a ibewattedl at this time. We apolo-
ain for the inconvenience.

ecurity

76

Orpheus Group CEO Robert Jackson of Barrington died unexpectedly
local police are asking questions about the death. Representatives of
and his family doctor issued statements that Jackson died of
according to Barrington Police Chief Michael Nealy, "You have to wonder what's
going on when all them spooks are involved."

The police department has publicly admitted to not having resources
undertake a ghostly investigation, so ironically it is possible they 1
oup to look into Jackson's demise.

. 53, formed JDG Cryogenics with Anne Del Greco in 1986 to serve termi
nally ill clients who wished to undergo suspended animation, in the hope JDG might
revive them when medical technology proved adequate to their condition

rat could
¥Y contract inves-

ORPHEUS,


INTERNAL hemo

FROM. H. Magnusson, Director, Special Projects
‘TO. All Investigative Consultants

Use special caution when engaging in insubstantial activity near users of the street drug
pigment. Verified reports from several IC teams indicate pigment users can see and, in some
‘cases, act upon projectors as well as ghosts directly. Pigment users are to be avoided wher-
ever possible.

‘On the 25th of December of last year, an IC team led by Leopold Straut encountered three
hosts who had been troubling Indianapolis moneylender Edward Scranton. In the middle of
resolving the ghosts' issues, Straut and his team encountered a group of youths who had
recently partaken of pigment. The youths noticed all of Straut''s team (both those physically
present and those who were purely incorporeal) as well as all three ghosts. Upon further
interrogation, the youths uniformly provided identical, comect descriptions of all those
involved

Wal ehark-

Tilton:
Orpheus
Books are
Clean

Orpheus Group's books are as clean
as a whistle, says CEO Jack Tilton.
This announcement comes in the
wake of open skepticism from state
and federal regulators about the
veracity of Tilton's reports on
Orpheus Group's activities. Tilton's
auditors of choice, Deloitte &
Touche, verified that no accounting
discrepancies exist in the company's
financial systems, while CFO Eliza-
beth Brandeis has similarly signed off
‘on the books. Tilton himself chal-
lenged IRS and State Department of
Revenue auditors to have a look of
their own.

IRS and Federal Health and Human,
Services officials backed down from
their recent interest in Orpheus'
activities; the only official statement
‘on the matter came from the IRS'
Douglas Ackerback, who said, "The
IRS fs satisfied that Orpheus Group
isn't committing any crimes."
During the height of Internet IPO
mania, it was widely believed that
Orpheus Group intended to go public
itself, but backed down at the last
minute. Market watchers believe the
jitters manifested because of the
company's uncertainty as to how the
general public would treat the stock
price of an enterprise so closely asso-
ciated with death.

See ORPHEUS, p.A-6


Ben Cotton stood in the doorway of the opulently appointed master
bedroom suite. Before him lay the body of a white male in his early
thirties, a silver letter opener stuffed deep into the socket of one
lifeless eye. The man's black satin pajamas had taken on a macabre sheen
after being bloodied and now glinted softly in the half-light. Against
the wall by the bed, about as far away from the doorway as one could
get and still be in the same room, sat the huddled figure of a woman.
She rocked back and forth on her heels as she sat, her eyes glazed over
and her makejup smeared gray. Her knotted blond hair hung loose about
her face, nearly touching the smoking bulb of seared flesh on her neck.

The woman was downright hysterical, and Ben couldn't honestly blame
her. She had just watched as some unseen force made a whirlwind of her
bedroom, one that ultimately resulted in the grisly murder of her louse
of a husband. And she had done so after having already weathered a
terrifying campaign of inexplicable events — one set in motion by Ben
himself, not four days ago.

The dead man on the floor was a wife=beater. His name was Derrick,
according to the strangled pleas of his wife, Linda, and he seemed to
get off on blaming her for shit that couldn't possibly have been her
fault. Ben hated guys like him, so when the last case dropped him in
the living room of this married couple, he decided to stick around and
see what he could do. At first, he tried scaring the guy into shaping
up; a few midnight wake-up calls, a couple of convenient spills... nothing
major. But when that failed, Ben resorted to insinuating that the source
of Derrick's recent bad luck was his own wife's growing discontentment
(which, in a way, was true). Ben wanted Derrick to fear his wife. And
that's when things got serious.

Derrick responded to this last revelation by branding his wife a
freak... Literally. Derrick had waited for her to fall asleep, then padded
his way downstairs to the den — and the fireplace. Ben watched as Derrick
lifted a poker from the hot coals, followed as the son of a bitch calmly
returned upstairs to sear his wife's neck. That finally set Ben off.


Company protocol in situations like this ordered the agent to vacate
the premises immediately, leaving trace of neither presence nor passage.
Orpheus Group did not abide its agents being connected to anything so...
messy as this. The company didn't train its grunts this hard for them
simply to be caught, or worse yet, fail. If Ben was one to follow protocol,
his next move would be to leave this woman to what he'd wrought. But
that was always a big "if" with Ben Cotton.

Fuck that, he'd thought.

That was when the room exploded into a vortex of implements
accelerated to murderous speeds by Ben's rage...

Ben stepped forward into the room, walking gingerly around the man's
corpse as though passing through it would somehow taint him. He glided
across the covering of shattered debris and over to an armoire set against
the far wall. After concentrating his will for a moment, he reached out
with his mind and lifted a tube of red lipstick into the air. With focused
intensity, Ben scrawled his phantom message onto the vanity mirror while
the grief=streaked woman gazed on in muted disbelief. When it was done,
she burst into fresh tears.

This is Not Your Fault, read the mirror's new crimson legend.

The scene should have been alien to Ben. He'd never known his biological
family, nor any family beyond the timid hutch of mms who had borne
his presence for a few years of his growing up. Not to say he knew nothing
of family, of course. No, Ben had seen enough "families" like this to
last him two lifetimes.

Oh, yes, if there was one thing Ben knew for sure, it was that the
ties that bind make no promises beyond their bondage; that having a
family only makes the pain of betrayal that much harder to bear. Ben
had seen it a thousand times, and in the end, the only truth he had learned
of home life was that it unquestionably localized despair. And despite
his best efforts to the contrary, tonight had provided more proof
positive....

Home is where the hurt is.


"CHAPTER Two:
SHADES | LAMENTS AND
‘HORRIBLE THINGS

| &statio)...best be"oareful out there, ‘cause
every day's a final exam and Death's got a
steep learning ourve <statio).... occ Mae
= Seio-Pree Death

Mick: We're gathered here ig — -_ because --

you're all dead. a
= on Hands
‘er. re aS .


with neat little definitions. It stems from prehistoric tim
when menand women ascribed definitions to that which they
didn't understand. The sun traveled through the sky by way
of chariot, snake or just pure divine will. The moon rose after
it in dusk and retreated before it in dawn, thus indicating its
polar opposition. If sun meant revelation then moon meant
hidden or shrouded. Early man needed these definitions
desperately, for in understanding the different roles in the
universe, he understood his place by comparison to the
scheme of the incomprehensibl
Itisnodifferentnow. Primitive fear has become scientific
conquest, but it's basically the same superstitions cloaked
under masks of civility. In Orpheus, the following categories
exist to compartmentalize the universe into easier-to-digest
packets. Orpheus Group's scientists created them as part of
their process of dissection, peeling back each layer one at a
time to reveal some hidden facet of the universe. This process
made them feel better when confronting a reality that belie
and even superceded their foundational phy:
This chapter encom Orpheus Group's under-
standing of things as they currently know reality, and thus,
how players and Storytellers alike respond to their world.
That which defies category is thrust to the s
recognition wher
more clearly.

WHORRE YOUP

In the business of the dead, there are two general
principles that define your existential being. They dictate
your capabilities and often define your personality and
outlook. That's not to say, however, they are the limits of
the spectrum like those authors who claim that only one
story to the world exists in "Boy meets Girl..." These are
merely the categories that exist for the moment, those
predicated on another concept being introduced later (se
pp. 81-97).

The first principle is that of Shades, or the five
different Characteristic Templates. They are partial
roadmaps for how we approached life, and thus, what we
are and what we can accomplish in death (through Hor-
rors, a spirit's powers). The second classification is that of
Lament, or one of four basic species of supernatural entities
available to characters. The two classifications (Shade and
Lament) combine to form 20 different character variants
before the player even ascribes personal touches such
roles, Nature and Demeanor modifiers and the various
Traits.

SHROES

Characters fall into five major Characteristic Tem-
plates, which we call Shades. These are reflections of one's
actions in life; while they do not necessarily encompa
everyone who believes or feels a particular way, they give
an outline for those who choose specific approaches to life,
and who behave in certain w These Shades describe
the person's general profile while living, and the powers
they'll likely manifest in death.

ide, awaiting
cientists believe they fathom the "truth"

Itishumanity's nature to classify and quantify everything

Nature may dictate a character's true identity, but their
characteristic Shade determines how they approach matters,
who they try to be, how they apply their outlook and,
sometimes, how life treats them back. A Poltergeist may have
dozens of possible reasons for fury and frustration, but they all
come down to the same end result: blunt force, brutal action
and hair-trigger anger. Wisps may act out of a desire to
brighten the lives of others, or to bring some form of enlight-
enment or to cause a bit of pain in the lives of those around
them, but they always distract, charm and decei
someone's Nature to be a Celebrant, indulging in what makes
him happy, but he could also be a Poltergeist (his Shade),
believing that his joys are few and far between. His Nature
might even feed his frustration and rage, every time some-
thing disappoints his Celebrant impulses. Alternatively, a
Wisp Celebrant might combine his enthusiz
deception and fast talk with hisdesire to enjoy life, seeingeach
new exploitasamusementrather than work. In this vein, each
Shade hasa recommended list of suitable Natures that fit well
with the concept. Players are encouraged to choose outside
that vein, however; the suggested Natures are not intended as
clusive.

Players may choose from the following Shades in
defining their characters:

Banshees: Banshees voice insight, understanding the
emotions of others and foreseeing what those emotions
will cause. This insight drives them to help others work
through their pain and resolve their problems, from the
living who cannot endure their lives to the dead who are
trapped in endless cycles of repetition. This Shade spea
from soul to soul, giving a voice to those who have no words
for their grief. They can, however, be too slow to act,
trapped by not wanting to inflict further pain or by being
too willing to see every point of view and choose none.

Possible Roles: Cop, Prostitute, Inner-City School
Teacher, Torture-Abuse Survivor, Theater Director.

Haunters: Haunters can adapt to anything, and make
themselves at home wherever they may be; equally, they
are constantly driven to new places and new adventures,
never content with their current standing. They are the
spirit of enterprise, and also the essence of adaptation.
They can possess objects, from potted plants to cars to
buildings, and control them to a limited degree. Haunters
like belonging, at least fora while, and blend into their new
surroundings as everyone's friend, discovering things about
places that people who lived there all their lives hadn't
noticed. The urge to move on also constantly drives them;
no place is ever enough, and nothing ever truly satisfies.
While they can adopt local coloration like a chameleon,
they can also be as inconstant as the wind.

Possible Roles: Detective, Construction Worker, Truck
Driver, Eco-Terrorist, Inner-City Graduate, Spy

Poltergeists: Poltergeists embody frustration and an-
ger, using their pent-up rage as a blunt force. With
experience comes control and precise manipulation of
such small things as pens and scalpels. To them, life is
nothing but frustration. This Shade is a manifestation of
the sudden outbursts that anybody can experience when


4X
life becomes too much, and when an unendurable situa-
tion is suddenly resolved in white-hot, brilliant rage. They
use their frustration to give them power, and work through
it to affect the world, but equally, they cannot exist
without it.

Possible Roles: Third-World Child, Smoke Jumper,
Emergency Room Doctor, Grunt, Reformed Drug User,
Embittered Child Prodigy

Skinrider: Skinriders are the essence of control; con-
trol of others, control of themselves, control of the world
around them. They have no faith that anybody other than
themselves can do a job properly. As far as they're con-
cerned, the world needs sorting out, and only they have the
ability or willpower to doso. They may lead from the front,
organizing matters up close and personal, or they may
command from behind, manipulating others through di-
rect control or force of will. Whether people like their
methods or not, the Skinrider can create a smooth-run-
ning operation; some Skinriders count the cost, however,
while others... do not.

Possible Roles: Firefighter, Security Guard, Cashier,
Guerilla Athlete, Perfect Mother

Will-o'-the-Wisp (or Wisp): These Shades are dis-
traction given form, tricksters whether or not there's a
need for it, and confidence artists with enough charisma to
sell their claims. They lead others astray; sometimes to
truth, sometimes not. Gifted with an ability to charm and
mesmerize, they are the constant life of the party, and an
occasional thorn in the side to their friends. They may act
as they do to cheer others and to smooth situations, or they
may not realize or care that their antics come at the
expense of others. Embodiments of speed, wit and guile,
they fascinate wherever they go, but can have difficulty
understanding that their actions have consequences. Some
may not even care.

Possible Roles: Bicycle Messenger, Journalist, Prosti-
tute, Reformed Criminal, Political Speechwriter

DEF RULT FBILITIES

Orpheus has two sets of Default Abilities, one
listed here and one listed in Chapter Three (see Person-
ality Archetypes: Nature and Demeanor, pp. 147-160)
that pertains to those abilities gained through Nature
groupings. The ones listed here are innate to characters
by the very nature of their existence as ghosts or
projected entities.

DERO-EYES

Most spooks (excluding drones), can perceive both
the living and the dead with equal clarity. Even when
manifesting to the living or occupying a body, the charac-
ter can still see dead people automatically without roll.
More so, by rolling Perception + starting Vitality (diffi-
culty 6), the character can determine how much Vitality
someone actually possesses. The exceptions to this ability
are those spooks inhabiting an object or possessing a
person, in which case they are "invisible" unless they
choose to reveal themselves.

INCORPOREAL Ano
INVISIBLE

To be dead... to walk through walls and spy on people
at your leisure because you're invisible and insubstantial.
Sounds likea real treat if itdidn't come witha few tradeoffs,
like running from Spectres and angry ghosts. Still, it can be
a benefit when used to flitter to places most people would
prefer remained hidden.

A metaphysical reality of ghosthood or projecting is
that spooks must still spend one Vitality point to willingly
pass through obstructions for the duration of a scene (so a
ghost can will himself through a door, a person, a car and
a window all in one scene at a cost of one Vitality).
Otherwise, the character loses a Vitality point a turn for
anything that pa: through him. The reason is that
objects possess an ethereal resistance that prevents the
spook from affecting them normally, but in turn, forces the
spook to adhere to the universe's natural laws. Thus, in this
state, each object that either passes through a spook or
through which he passes bleeds off some of his Vitality; so
instead of costing a Vitality per scene, it now costs the
character a Vitality per turn. It's an indication that the
character's gauze was pulled and partially dispersed through
the action of interacting with a physical object. If bullets
hit the character and he hasn't spent Vitality to become
completely insubstantial, he loses a Vitality per turn for as
long as he remains in this state while taking damage.

Only specific attacks that can harm ghosts and pro-
jected entities (like other ghosts, Horrors, Spectres and
special weapons) will actually damage them for more than
one Vitality point per turn.

The character can upset some natural laws through
Vitality expenditure, but not the basic foundations of our
reality (gravity, time, momentum, etc.). That means a
spook can walk through a window without dropping through
the floor (as a willfully directed act), but once the charac-
ter walks out the window, he will fall and hit the ground.
Neither can ghosts and projected entities fly; they must
climb stairs and ladders to reach places, but can still walk
through doors. Likewise, he can drop through one floor
and stop at the next, though gravity and momentum still
affect the fall.

Additionally, some objects are simply too dense to
affect or pass through because their thickness creates such
a strong buffer. Thus, a character might be able to leap
through the street into the sewer below, but he can't dive
into farmland to hide in the earth.

Finally, the character is capable of walking on water if
he so wishes since water has enough surface tension to
support the near null-weight of a non-manifest ghost.

nAanFe est

All ghosts and projected entities can manifest to the
living to various degrees. This means they can be seen by,
heard by or even interact with the living with varying
success. There are different stages for manifestations, each
based upon the expenditure of Vitality, but only spooks
with a starting Vitality of four or greater can manifest fully,


appearing and interacting with the living as though alive.
In fact, most folks would be hard-pressed to prove a
manifested spook is in fact a construct of congealed gauze
without a physical exam. This ability is key to ghosts,
especially, since it means they are no longer isolated from
the livin;

In this state, the spook looks as he did when alive. He
cannot change his appearance, whether altering his eye or
hair color, or adding extra pounds. He wears whatever
clothing best symbolizes his nature or appearance, or
whatever he wore last before projecting. Active Stains
don't appear on manifest characters either, but they can
use Horrors and physical objects alike.

Manifesting is a spook's innate sense that he can push
through whatever renders him invisible and incorporeal to
the living. It's like the air around him is humid and thick,
though he only feels its presence when he focuses on it.
Nothing around him feels or seems different otherwise.
When the spook concentrates on that feeling, however, he
gains a sense that he can somehow push into it rather than
just drifting through his surrounding environment. Just
that sense is enough to allow him to manifest with the
slightest effort for the duration of the scene.

Each Shade has innate manifestation forms that allow
the character to appear and affect the living world. This
ability is dependent on Vitality, with zero-point expendi-
tures allowing the character to manifest as a small
environmental change, like mood lighting with some in-
game effects. Drones are capable of this manifestation level
only, giving rise to most ghost sightings. This is why weak
ghosts appear as they do, whether as reflections, balls of
light or disembodied voices.

Those ghosts with a normal Vitality of two or three
canassume their Shade's second manifestation form, which
gives them greater control over their surroundings. Only
spooks rated at four Vitality or greater can manifest fully.

Fully manifested spooks appearance differs, according
totheircurrent Vitality. At 7+ Vitality, a manifested ghost
appears human; at 8+ she is warm to the touch because it's
actually their Vitality that's affecting the other person.
She isn't warm to instruments, however; thermometers
register such beings at room temperature and infrared
goggles won't detect them. Likewise, they have a heartbeat
even if they don't actually have internal organs. When a
ghost's Vitality falls below seven, evidence of his true state
grows more and more undeniable, even when he is mani-
fested. A ghost killed in a skydiving accident may exhibit
head contusions at six, mottled bruises at five, a pro-
nounced limp at four, obviously broken bones at three,
battered and unrecognizable facial features at two, and may
appeara mass of bipedal, hamburgered flesh at one. Despite
this variance, the spook doesn't really feel different even
though he may appear horrendous. Whatever pain he
experienced was only temporary, though Storytellers may
incur health level penalties to characters manifesting with
Vitality six or lower to reflect long-standing injuries,
ailments or because the event was so traumatic as to be

ay
psychologically scarring. In this case, zero Vitality is equiva-
lent to Incapacitated in penalties, with each increment up
in Vitality mirroring the progression of health levels in
damage (Vitality 1 = Crippled; Vitality 2 = Mauled;
Vitality 3 = Wounded; Vitality 4 = Injured; Vitality 5 =
Hurt; Vitality 6 = Bruised).

How does manifesting feel to you, the character? You
feel human because that's mostly wha you've known
throughout your existence. If someone touches you, you
feel the contact, not because of specific nerve impulses
(you have none), but because you remember that's how it
felt to be touched. If memory is strong enough to make you
appear as you did, then it's only fitting that it should make
you feel as you did as well. All this is automatic, however,
and requires no forethought on your part.

Finally, fully manifesting carries one major inherent
danger. The character can be hurt by spook and human
alike. Most often, the incorporeal cannot hurt the physi-

cal, and vice versa (except under specific conditions).
Manifested characters exist in a dual state, however, mean-
ing other spooks can affect them just as humans
with mundane implements such as a gun or knife. Con-
versely, the character can affect both ghosts and humans
now, as though they all existed in the same state.

SHADE BRERHOOWN

Each entry under Shade includes the following information:

Horrors: The different Shades possess different Hor-
rors, or abilities, that express how they deal with the world
around them. Characters automatically earn the first Hor-
ror of their Shade (in italics), and may buy the second
Horror during Character Creation or choose one from
outside their Shade (though some Horrors are prohibited
to certain Shades).

Manifestation Forms: All ghosts have the ability to
manifest to the living (appearing to, interacting with or
harming them). Each Shade does so differently, however,
for different Vitality cost

Recommended Natures: Every Shade has a recom-
mended list of Natures that best exemplify or complement
it. Additionally, it offers characters and supporting charac-
ters who share Nature categories (through the Shade
group) to better relate to one another. Storytellers and
players are not limited to these choices, however, when
choosing a specific Nature in relation to a Shade. A
Poltergeist can be every bit the Martyr that a Banshee can.
The selection is merely a recommendation.

Signature Character: The Signature Character is a
model of the Shade (or Lament, as indicated later on),
exemplifying their qualities best. They are also our fic-
tional vehicles to help carry the Orpheus story along and
potential supporting characters who can mentor your
characters or provide them with help along the way. While
they are the fictional focus of the Orpheus limited series,
should never be the saviors who outshine the player
characters at every opportunity. The player characters are
the heroes of this tale.

an —


Banshees read the past, mediate the present and
divine the future. They can use the emotions of others
as a guide to the pains of yesterday, read them in the
now to help ghosts break never-ending cycles of
repetitive behavior, and foretell tomorrow — to an
extent — by observing where these emotions will lead
others around them. On their own, they're missionar-
ies, mystics, healers, crusaders and adventurers. In a

crucible, they're mediators, conciliators, analysts and
sometimes the person who points everyone in the
same direction and then pushes.

A Banshee's voice is a major factor
in her existence; it allows her to
vocalize her feelings to others
and it gives her the ability to
communicate and to share or
relieve pain. Sometimes she
uses her voice to console
and to enlighten, finding
the words to help others
work past their pain and to
resolve their problems.
Sometimes they give vent
to the agony and frustra-
,_ tionaround them, shrieking
" out a wail that would shatter
+ the walls of Jericho.

j In life, these characters are
: highly empathic (though not nec-

essarily easy to get along with) and
#4 receptive to other people's dilemmas. Ev-
5 eryone talks to them about their problems
+ whether they want to listen or not — or uses them as
sounding-boards and advisors to resolve their quanda-
rie

Banshees mediate conflicts, cut interpersonal

Gordian knots and manage to give solid advice in most

cases, because they always see every side of a situation.
They are frequently eloquent, their empathy helping
them find the right words for any necessity. Some might
call them level-headed or centered, but this isn't neces-
sarily the case; they may be as driv
‘3 oras obsessive, as any other character. What they are is

n by their emotions,

in tune with the human experience, recognizing the
interplay of emotional currents in themselves and in
those around them, and ultimately able to judge or voice
those currents.

ORPHEUS

I speak for myself. I speak for all of us.
And I will be heard, even if I must speak a word that will shatter you.

This is no guarantee of a peaceful life, or a happy
one; a Banshee may find herself using her talents and
abilities because she sees the need to do so (even when
she would rather pursue her own interests). She may
even feel her judgment is somehow voyeuristic or harsh
when she comes to a conclusion about the emotions
driving those around her, or when her perceptions give
her more insight than she'd like into her next-door-
neighbor's motivations. Banshees may understand
themselves, but they don't necessarily like what they

are. They do understand that struggle and frus-
tration that others feel, however, and
have very probably felt it themselves.
Eventually they emerged from that
struggle, unbowed and unbeaten,
and used their knowledge of it
to their benefit. A Banshee
may be a crisis counselor, a
marketing supervisor man-
aging his team into working
together smoothly, the
"mother hen" of the office
always giving advice near
the photocopier, or an artist
with an uncompromising but
accurate tongue.

Clothed in gauze, a Ban-
shee is left with her voice and her
words as her strongest tools to affect
the world around her, and with the
same need to bring surcease to others that

she may have, or had, in life. She can still perceive
the emotions driving the dead — perhaps even more so
than the living
of repetition, helping them through understanding,
compassion or manipulation.

les

and can assist drones caught in cy

Banshees are far from perfect. They may grow bitter
from judging others or prone to condemnation. Alterna-

tively they might become slow in making decisions,

constantly feeling that every side of the question must
earn consideration, and that any opinion will be unjust
to someone. Equally, they can give the emotions of
others a higher importance than is strictly necessary or
feel that a past trauma or a future complication is more
important than a current crisis. Their compassion can
draw them into giving aid where it is unwise to do so, or


frankly dangerous; they may even refuse

to recognize that they cannot, or
should not, help some peopl

Horrors: Wail, Forebo

Manifestation Forms: For zero
Vitality points, a Banshee can cause
her voice to be heard in whispers
that flutter and batter those in the
area from all directions; otherwise,
the Banshee has no physical im-
pact on the world and remains.
unseen except to those who can see
spirits and projectors. She may speak
normally, though her voice sounds
drawn through great distances or
echoes in whispers. Banshees with
Spite ratings near, equal to or greater
than their Vitality project their
voices differently, their whispers
giggly and high like those of chil-
dren or dropping in octaves to sound
possessed.

For one Vitality point, she
appears as an apparition, her
ze partially translucent and
torn in an almost stereotypi-

gau

cal rendition of a floating
ghost. The wisps of bright
white gauze float and bob on
ethereal winds, giving the Ban-
shee an almost dream-like
quality. If the Banshee has a
high Spite rating (at least one dot
under their Vitality), her gauze is
even further tattered, her hair long

and white, her eyes black like a shark's
and her teeth likewise sharp. In either
case all Attribute and Ability rolls are at
half-strength, rounded down to a mini-

mum of one dot.

For two Vitality points, a Banshee
appears as human, with full stats, speaking
and interacting with her surroundings as
though alive, though qualities of the Ban-
shee seem "floaty" and lightas if the Banshee

is somehow immersed in water.
Base Vitality: 5
Base Spite: 0
Base Willpower: 3
Recommended Natures:

Care

iver, De-
fender, Gallant, Martyr, Mediator, Penitent

HATE Dennison

Katherine — Kate — Dennison might at
} any point have pointed to her life as an
} | explanation for giving up. Her mother died

in childbirth, and Kate nearly died with
her. Her father's death when she was six-

/ teen, at the hands of a casual burglar who
‘I knocked her out and left her for dead,
i ¢ wasn't enough to cost her her hold on
\y life. Instead, it left her with a thirst to

know what lay behind the physical.

Kate wants to find the truth about
God, the afterlife, the universe, every-
thing; she wants an answer to the world's
pain.

Kate investigated shamanic tradi-
tions and underwent several near-death
experiences while trying to achieve
. trance states, but the increasing risk of
; actual death made her change directions.
She studied philosophy and religion at
university with a ferocious drive. She
earned her degree with honors and is

now a teaching assistant at the same
university.

Kate has never found gentle com-
passion in her character. She has the
angry comprehension that comes from

seeing the defects in the world around
her all too clearly, and she knows her
own flaws with equal bitterness. She
abhors stupidity, detests blind obedi-
ence to regulations and has very little
understanding of why anyone should
voluntarily enslave himself or herself to
another person.

This all comes down to one fundamen-
tal root; she hates waste. Waste of intelligence,
waste of opportunity, waste of life. She does not
tolerate these in her students, in her colleagues
or in herself. The discovery of the amount of
waste and pain that continues after death is anew
target, a new problem that needs fixing, rather
than something to repel her. She is not a pleasant
person in the conventional sense; her manners
range from dryly polite to sarcastic and vicious.
While she has excellent perception anda talent for
extracting people's problems from them, she's rarely
particularly gentle in her efforts to help. She does try
assisting others where she sees the need for it, how-
ever, and combines the precision of a scalpel
with the driving force of a train.


Throughouthistory, cultures the world over have told tales of
haunted places or cursed items. England has the Tower of London,
and LongIsland has its infamous Amityville house. Ancient Egypt
gave birth to the cursed artifacts of King Tutankhamen's tomb
while the Smithsonian's Museum of Natural History in Washing-
ton, D.C. ishome to the ill-omened Hope Diamond. At the heart
of all these and other such legends, if Orpheus research is to be
believed, is the Haunter.

In life, furure Haunters are typically rootless wanderers. They
hear the call of the open road at a young age, and are quick to
answer it. Drifters, runaways, sailors, commercial pilots, flight
attendants, carniesand circus folk —all these and more might one
day become Haunters under the right circumstances.

In general, the person who one day becomes a
Haunter differs from his fellow nomads in a
couple of ways. One is that he is never
forced into this sort of life: He embraces
it himself. People compelled to fol-
low such a lifestyle through
circumstances beyond their con-
\ troland who long to lead a more
settled life seldom, if ever, be-
come Haunters. A Haunter is
uniqueamonghispeersin that
he always feels at home wher-
ever he may roam. To the
i Haunter, each new town,
‘new port and new destina-
tion is an adventure waiting
to unfold. When a Haunter
grows bored with his current
4. situation, itistime tomoveon to
4 the next big thing.

t The second way the Haunter
differs from other wanderers is that he
seldom forms strong emotional bonds
2%) with other people. A Haunter may have

4} tons of acquaintances, but only one or two
i

,)

close friends he cares deeply about. Instead of
forming long-term interpersonal relationships with others,

the Haunter reserves the majority of his affection for something
besides his fellow human beings. [t may be automobiles, a form of
artistic expression, an institution or a government, but whatever
itis, the Haunter loves this thing or concept more than he ever will
another person.

Scientists with Orpheus Group theorize that it is this very
ability to project the feelings human beings typically reserve for
one another onto inanimate objects or abstract concepts in life
that allows Haunters to exercise their most well-known ability in
death... the ability tophysically merge w ith inanimate objectsand
possess them. Haunters "empathize" with such objects in the way
Skinriders do with human beings. Haunters feel more comfortable
with the inanimate because it is more predictable than the human.

Some Orpheus scientists speculate that most Haunters suf-
fered some form of abandonment or betrayal early in life, and it is
the fear of another such incident that keeps them from ever
forming intimate bonds with other people thereafter. These same

ORPHEUS

HAUNTERS

Hop in! It's time to get the hell outta Dodge!

scientists believe that Haunters, their nonchalant demeanor
notwithstanding, bottled up the resentment they felt about this
initial betrayal and about their frustrated attempts to form close
bonds with others. It is this anger, Orpheus researchers say,
exploding to the surface that forms the basis of their somewhat less
common Horror Witch's Nimbus. Regardless, these scientists are
reluctant to share their pet theory with the Haunters themselves
since they consider these spooks borderline sociopaths with anger-
management issues. What the scientists have done is to suggest to
upper management that Haunters be closely monitored and
receive proper psychological counseling.

Thus far, issues of cost prohibit Orpheus from implementing

these suggestions.

Horrors: Inhabit, Witch's Nimbus

Manifestation Forms: At no Vitality cost,
Haunters may manifest only in reflective
surfaces — mirrors, windows, bathwater

and the like. In this state, they appear
as substantial as they would in life,

but only as a reflection. A soccer
momwhoseesa Haunterreflected
in her SUV's rearview mirror,
sitting between her two kids,
and spins around to look will
only see the two children, not
the Haunter. In this form,

Haunters are incapable of ver-
bal communication, instead
relying on gestures or messages
written with the Inhabit Horror
Those touched by Spite ratings
near to their Vitality are masked
byshadows thatseemingly scrabble
over them for purchase, and their

eyes, as windows to their souls, are
empty sockets.

By spending one Vitality point, a
Haunter appears wet and mucous with a caul
clinging to hisfaceand obscuring his features, looking

much like a cross between the old Victorian photos of ghosts'

ectoplasmic forms and the bed-sheet ghosts common on Hallow-
een. In this form, all Attributes and Abilities for the purposes of
rolls made for the Haunter are at half-strength, rounded down (to
a minimum of one dot). Again, high Spite ratings can affect this
form, and the caul bulges and moves as if with darkened tendrils
pressing against its inner surface, almost like a grease-thin paper
bag filled with worms.

Two Vitality allows the Haunter to appear essentially as he
did in life, though a Haunter appears unhealthy if not outright
anemic or jaundiced. The Haunter may now interact with his
environmentand those around himas though living. The Haunter
now possesses all his normal Attributes and Abilities, as well as
access to any of his Horrors.

Base Vitality: 5

Base Spite: 1

Base Willpower: 4

Recommended Natures: Dabbler, Explorer, Loner, Rebel,
Socialite, Thrill-Seeker


ass a Sone Re SS Oe 1 a ee

HOYT MASTERSON

Born and raised in rural South Carolina, Hoyt Masterson enjoyedahappy,
ifpoor, childhood. His fondest memoriesare of putteringaround in his
daddy's garage as a boy, handing him tools and learning
what made people's cars work. Even then, Hoyt
had a fondness for cars. They were these magi-
cal shining machines of chrome and steel with
deep throaty engines that rocketed them
around the curving dirt roads near his home,
leaving clouds of dust in their wake.

Unfortunately, such happiness was not
to last. Hoyt's parents both died in a head-on
collision with a drunk driver when he was only
12 years old. Hoyt himself nearly died, and it
was as a result of his injuries that Hoyt first
enjoyed a brush with the other side, suffering
an out-of-body experience; his daddy told
him it wasn't his time yet and sent Hoyt back.

Young and resilient, Hoyt quickly ree J
covered from his injuries. Soon, there was
talk of releasing him into foster care, but it (3x
was then that Hoyt's Uncle Luke, hisdaddy's
brother, offered totake him in. Lukenever
had time for marriage, but as he grew
older, he found he wanted someone to
carry on his life's work. Luke, it turned out,
wasone of the finest wheelmen in North America,
having graduated from running moonshine to
running drugs for a Colombian cartel. And with
Luke's drug money greasing the right palms, Luke
soon had himself a protégé.

The life of a driver might not have been what Hoyt
himself would have chosen, but he took to it like a duck to
water. Before he could legally drive, the teen was already doing
jobs for his uncle. He had natural talent, and under his uncle's
tutelage, Hoyt became the premier drug runner for the cartel in
the southern United States.

Still, ifthere isone constantin life, it'schange: Once again, Hoyt's
fortunesshifted duringan autoaccident. While fleeing police inahigh-
speed chase, Hoyt flipped the Porsche he was driving, which led to his
capture and, later, to a conviction and 10-year sentence for drug
trafficking. The time in prison, especially the first year spent in traction, J
gave the young man time to think. Maybe it was time to quit this life and
clean up his act. Getting stabbed in the prison's laundry room by afellow }
inmate and seeing his father's disappointed ghost clinched it.

After getting out early for good behavior, Hoyt tried avoiding his
uncle's attempts to bring his nephew back into the fold. He searched for
straight employment, but it was impossible for an ex-con like himself to find a
job, especially since his only appreciable skill was driving real fast

Hoyt was ready to give up when he heard about Orpheus Group. Attending
an interview ona lark, Hoyt was surprised when Orpheus not only took his tales of
astral travelsseriously butactually hired him. Since joining, Hoyt's familiarity with
andaffinity for machines have turned him into the group's top Haunter. Asmuch
to his surprise as everyone else's, Hoyt finds himself a diligent employee, popular
with both staff and clients

Unfortunately, Hoyt's uncle — and his employers — know of the
Haunter's unique talents. It may be only a matter of time before Hoyt's new ;
life and his old collide—and Hoyt's not certain he can walk away from that Qa
accident.

CHAPTER TWO
SHADES, LAMENTS AND HORRIBLE THINGS

A staple of the classic ghost story is the angry spirit,
hurtling its rage at the living in an otherworldly attempt
to express its anguish and frustration in the only way it
can. In some cases, the furious ghost is tied toa particular
place or object in life, and is subsequently doomed to
haunt the area for eternity, insolently lashing out at the
living souls who mock its pain by their very presence. In
other cases, this sort of restless spirit aims to disrupt the
peace and security of the living to find or regain
acknowledgment. The only fulfillment
(or even peace) such a ghost knows is

in its power to make believers of
the living; to wit, it stretches its
sorrowful will across the bound-
ary, forcing others to
recognize itsexistence... and
its pain. German folklore
called this type of spirit a
"poltergeist," or "noisy
ghost."

Inthe world of Orpheus
Group, where inner nature
and inborn proclivity are ev-

5

erything when it comes to
determining what sort of pro-
jector or spirit a given person will
2 make, Poltergeists embody the frus-
trated and angry mind-set of the classic
ghost. Toaone, each would-be Poltergeist
finds almost maddening frustration at or with the

4 world, and upon stepping from his or her body, uses these
4. powerful frustrations like a blunt force, hurling objects
5

around. Unlike the despair-addled spirits of German
folklore, however, these characters have greater fine
control and can manipulate objects with a range of
proficiency, from writing with a pen to throwing a room
into turmoil with a whirlwind of kitchen implements.

While life ma
people, the difference and v
handles and expresses that frustration. To this extent,
Poltergeists are perhaps even more tied to their Nature
than other Shades, because their Nature is largely what
ct to life. Some characters be-

be a frustrating endeavor to all such

ariety comes in how each one

{determines how the
come lost, unable to find a suitable funnel for their
yearning and rage. These people tend to either dissociate

from society or regress from it, thus leading to the prepon-
derance of Bumpkin, Child and Rogue Natures in the
Shade. Some cope via intellectual release, constantly

POLTERGE! ST

If you make me ask you again, I'm going to ask you very, very hard.

criticizing the world and bellyaching about their frustra-
tions to any andall who will listen, and often forcing their
vitriol upon those who won't. Poltergeists become em-
powered or embittered by their experiences, oftentimes
both, and they learn to harness the power of the sudden
outbursts they feel welling up within themselves when
everything becomes too much. Such characters may
often seem calm, powerless or meek one moment and
explode into an intense rage the next.

Horrors: Helter

elter, Congeal
Manifestation Forms: The av-
erage Poltergeist (if there is such
a thing) manifests in the way
one might associate with the
ethos of the sobriquet "pol-
tergeist."

These characters
impose their powerful es-
sences on the living world,
and in so doing, manipu-
late the things of the living
by sheer will alone. With
zero Vitality point expen-
diture, Poltergeists manifest
by exerting control over ob-
jects in the area and exploiting
them to their own ends (for a
maximum of one dot in Strength
and Dexterity). This is typically most
effective when manipulating objects as

means of communication, like the pointer on a
Ouija board, or by using chalk to scratch words on stone.
In the Digital Age, enterprising ghosts and projectors
make use of nearby computers to speak with the living.
Otherwise, Poltergeists remain intangible, invisible and
inaudible. With a high Spite rating (essentially a rating
almost on par with starting Vitality), the words being
written or indicated bleed for the duration of a scene

before the gauze-blood evaporates with no incriminat-

ing evidence left behind.

gauz

For one Vitality point, the Poltergeist pulls nearby
objects together to form a crude body. Even though it
may look weak, this collective form has the same strength
as any other one-Vitality manifestation and may affect
the world in much the same fashion: at half the ghost's
or projector's own Attribute and Ability scores. Any
damage against the objects, however, forces the mani-
festing Poltergeist to make a Willpower roll (difficulty
7); if he fails, the body is scattered and the Poltergeist is


incorporeal again. With high Spite ratings, the objects __ for supervision, and thus did not meet with approval from
spin around as though trapped in a vortex or whirlwind. _ potential couples looking for "that perfect child." He nearly
For two Vitality points, Poltergeists materiali died over the first several years of his life before his immune
fully formed, just like any other Shade. The difference _ system finally proved strong enough, and he grew up in the
is that the Poltergeist possesses a frenetic, orphanage system. Although he still had some health
angry energy about him. He may not mean problems, Ben protected himself by becoming a bully
to, but there's a look of bottled rage to their to the weaker children, which toughened him up
eyes and in the furrow of the eyebrows. At while making him ever-more belligerent. His mind
best, the Poltergeist appears "intense," at twisted with anger at the perceived inequities of his
worst, homicidal. plight, until one day, his rage got the better of him and
Base Vitality: 5 he went after a rival's throat, crushing the boy's
Base Spite: 2 windpipe under his thumbs. That evening, the
Base Willpower: 5 terrified sisters agreed to turn him over to the

Recommended Natures:
Bravo, Bumpkin, Child, Critic,
Judge, Masochist, Perfection-
ist, Rogue
BeEncoTTON

Ben Cotton was born in
Gallipoli, Ohio, when his
mother, Melissa, was a teen
under the thumb of her
bible-thumping father, /,
Edgar Cotton. Melissa bore
the ultimate shame of hav-
ing had premarital sex, but
since it was against the bible
toabortthe child, Edgarkept
Melissa a prisoner in his
home until the child came to
term. The labor terrified Me-
lissa even further, for she hid
the child's father: She
couldn't bear to admit that the
father was not white, fearing —
knowing — Edgar would have killed
her for having a "mud baby."

state, where he was transferred to juvenile
hall.

During his four years as a ward of the
state, Ben survived countless cafeteria
brawls and several actual attempts on

\ his life. By the time he was released at
\  theage of 18, he had bought himself a
\ one-way ticket to a life of petty but
organized crime. Once free, Ben
found that the streets put his sur-
vival skills to the test. After fiv
years of breaking legs and cheat-
ing odds, Ben's attitude earned
him several powerful rivals in his
own organization — rivals who
wanted him dead. Following a
nearly successful attempt on his
life, Ben decided to cut his losses
and leave town for good. He
found Orpheus Group.

Standing oversix feet in height,
Ben is powerfully built and utterly
ambiguous, ethnically speaking, a
fact that he takes advantage when-
ever possible. Ben is also bald and
frequently wears sunglasses, even
while indoors (his eyes are unusu-
ally pale for someone of his
heritage). He removes them on rare
occasions when he elects to make
his point without violence, or asa
prelude to such behavior.

Melissa managed to escape
toa friend's house and brought
Ben into the world there. She
then vanished, escaping her
father and her own duties
mother. Stuck with a nev
born, Melissa's friend did
the only thingshe believed
she could, and gave Ben
toa local orphanage under
the care of nuns.

Ben was a sickly in-
fant with a constant need

SHADES, LAMENTS AND HORRIBLE THINGS


SK!INRIDER

In life and death, Skinriders obsess about control,
but control can take many forms. The bullying gang-
ster, the inspiring teacher, the obstinate bureaucrat
and the charismatic military commander all show
different ways in which a person might impose his will
on others. E

en the lone do-it-yourselfer can show a

desire for control through his refusal to trust in the
abilities or good faith of others. A Skinrider, how-
ever, does not have to trust a mortal to do the job: He
can become the mortal and direct another's body
like a master horseman controls a steed.
Such domination often turns malevo-
lent. Some people rule others through
fear, greed or deceit as a way to
ploit them. Some potential
Skinriders see people as pawns to

direct, victims to bully or ob-
stacles to crush. Milder forms of
dominationcanstill be terribly
egotistical. The clerk who en-
forces every petty regulation,
the business executive who
thinks a title and a few man-
agement books make him the
office messiah or the know-it-all
whogivesyouhisopinion whether

you want it or not are all examples.

Some potential Skinriders
genuinely seek to improve other
people, though. The priest or counselor
who drives others to self-knowledge; or the
drill sergeant who turns boys into men, are just as
controlling as any mafia don or guilt-tripping mother.
Potential Skinriders all show an undeniable knack for

leadership, e ss it in vicious,

n if some of them expr
subtle or downright peculiar ways.

As ghosts and projectors, such people no longer
need physical threats, clever words or potent symbols to
manipulate others. A Skinrider can step into a person's
body and make them puppets to his personality. That
aspect of overpowering will also finds expression in the
second Horror associated with this Shade. Through
Juggernaut, a Skinrider can display prodigious strength,

inrider simply doesn't
accept that an object won't move, that some force can
harm him or that he doesn't have time to do something,
any more than he accepts that mortals will disobey.
Ghosts and projectors exist as creatures of will... and
Skinriders have a lot of will.

speed or resistance to harm. The

Ce ot

You're fighting yourself now. I think it's a fight you'll lose.

Horrors: Puppetry, Juggernaut

Manifestation Forms: At zero Vitality point
expenditure, Skinriders manifest only by control-
ling the living. A Skinrider can touch a mortal and
make him speak the spook's words, granting the
h. A Skinrider can also embody
by proxy in the same fashion, using a mortal's body

character full spe

to affect the physical world in brief and clumsy ways.
Think of it as partial possession. Actions performed
through borrowed flesh have a maximum dura-
tion of one turn, and the ghost/projéctor
cannot exert force greater than
Strength 1, atan agility of Dexter-
ity 1. Those Skinriders touched
with a high Spite rating (on
the cusp of overtaking their
Vitality) make their hosts
appear demonically pos-
sessed. The host's eyes
become white, his skin ap-
pears cracked, his hair goes
wild and his voice becomes
otherworldly
all the physical cues from
the Exorcist sans projectile
vomiting.

By expending one Vitality
point, the Skinrider materializes a
body of his own, a translucent phan-
tom of cobwebs and fog strung with silver
threads, much akin to a humanoid ball of
glowing twine. This tissue of gauze has effective At-
tributes and Abilities at half-value (to a minimum of |
dot). The plasm body
projecting entity's self-image, but no one could mistake
it fora living person. With a high Spite rating, however,
the threads and cobwebs blacken to oily slickness, and

essentially

ccurately portrays the ghost's or

shadow-like veins grow from cancerous splotches on the
skinrider's body.

pending two Vitality points creates a body that
appears fully human, with the character's full Attributes.
Again, though, this is the spook's self-image. For projec-

tors, this might not match the character's physical body
in every detail. The Skinrider's "
more visible however, the skin somehow thinner...

veins" and "arteries" are

more brittle. Both the candy floss-phantom and solid

manifestations last a full scene before dissolving, unless

the Skinrider chooses to abandon them earlier.

ORPHEUS

Base Vitality: 4 Mason takes every opportunity Orpheus gives him
Base Spite: 2 todestroy people who believe their wealth and status put
Base Willpower: 6 them beyond all consequences — the crime bosses, the

crooked business tycoons and politicians, the sleazy
celebrities... all of them. His age and gimpy

leg don't matter. He can take over their
bodies, discover their secrets and turn
them against each other, leaving the
copsand media with a bi

Recommended Natures: Autocrat, Bureaucrat,
Competitor, Director, Leader, Mentor,
Pedagogue, Traditionalist

CRPTAIN CHET
mason | RET.

Chet Mason joined the Army
straight out of a South Dakota high
school. Several years later he went
to Vietnam as a "military
advisor," where he stayed
through most of the war.
After his sixth Purple
Heart, Uncle Sam fi-
nally gave him an
honorable discharge
and sent him home
to his country's
scorn.

zarre suicide

and all the evidence of his target's
crimes tied with a bow.

To the younger Orpheus
recruits, Mason is equal
part crusty mentor and
competitive bastard.
He drives himself to
do better as a way to
drive them to ac-
complish more and
beat the old man.
Mason's war sto-
ties leave no one
in doubt that he
is the toughest,

Decades later,
Orpheus found
Captain Mason liv-
ing in a Veteran's
Administration home.
Mason took their tests for
achance to ogle some pretty
nurses, but he also found an

coldest, meanest
son of a bitch
who ever
walked the
earth. Mason
sees themas les-
sons. These kids

escape from his aged body. More
than that, he found an outlet
for a bitterness and rage deeper
than the fashionably cynical
young people around him could
imagine.

It was not the years of terror,
killing and death that broke Chet
Mason. By his third Purple Heart
they were old friends. No, the
corruption broke him, killed his
1950s Middle American ideals
and left them rotting in his soul.
The fellow soldiers who took
drugs, or sold them; the officers
collecting graft; the villages de
stroyed to save them, all to satisfy
the deluded egos of politicians
who wouldn't quit but couldn't
win. He couldn't touch any of
the bastards; they were beyond
the law. But not beyond him any
longer.

CHAPTER TWO
SHADES, LAMENTS AND HORRIBLE THINGS

= — a a OTe cS Gy OE SEE ER NR a


Just a little farther, now.

In classic legend, the will-o'-the-wisp (also called
jack-o'-lantern or faerie light) was a malevolent spirit
who led hapless travelers to their doom by creating tiny,
compelling lights before leading people into swamps or
off cliffs. Wisp characters, when accused of similar
tendencies, manage a credible impersonation of shock
but certainly remember the idea for later use.

Wisps, in life, were social animals. Whether the life
of the party or a social predator like a con artist, a Wisp
feels most comfortable around other people. Some are
jokers and bon vivants, always attempting to lighten the
mood with an endless string of wry witticisms, sight gags,
dirty anecdotes, movie quotes or whatever else they feel
their audience would enjoy. Others are malicious, al-
most sociopathic individuals who seduce, intimidate
and cajole, all for the purpose of gaining power
— even momentarily — over another
person without resorting to force. Even
these unpleasant sorts are easy to
get along with, however. They
make it easy to like them, adapt-
ing their behavior to whatever
the standard seems to be. The
A old adage that you can sur-

» viveoncharm for 15 minutes,
after which you'd better know
something does not hold true
for Wisps — they can rely on
charm indefinitely.

Some Wisps see their role
as that of a jester or clown; if
everyone is too serious all the
time, they forget why they do any-
thing and slip into drudgery. These
are the folks who play pranks at the
office and watch cartoons into adulthood
— they refuse, no matter what folks tell them,
to grow up. Unfortunately, Wisps can take this role of
the contrary to dangerous extremes. Many find them-
selves losing friends after a particular prank goes too far,
and they are bewildered by the sudden change in climate
— after all, they laughed at all the other tric

Fortunately, most Wisps are also superb social ma-
nipulators, capable of wriggling out of any bad joke or
faux pas. A self-deprecating remark and a disarming
smile, and the party continues, no one worse for the
wear. This skill is especially useful for those socialites
who make their living (or at least fun) landing in
trouble; it's one thing to seduce a mob boss' youngest
daughter, but quite another for him to hand you the car
keys fora second date. Wisps might find employment on
one side of the law as comedians, magicians, lawyers and

<a

ORPHEUS

oops! Watch that first step!
public relations experts. On the other side, however,
many find work as scam artists, hustlers and dealers.

Ofcourse, all of this changes when a Wisp enters the
afterlife. Their beguiling tendencies take on literal form,
and the Wisp becomes capable of literally leading people
around by the nose. Whereas a Wisp's force of personal-
ity was strong in life, in death it becomes powerful
enough to seduce both the living and the breathing-
challenged, forcing people to follow the his glow even
unto their demise — just like in the legends. Likewise,
a Wisp's social agility takes on a more tangible aspect,
enabling him to disappear and reappear some distance
away. Wisp ghosts and projectors often adopt the roles
of thieves and spies, simply because their Horrors allow

them just the right mix of power over both living and

dead witnesses for this sort of work. In his

crucible, however, a Wisp is rarely the

leader but often is second-in-com-

mand, pointing out the flaws in the

group's plans and keeping all on
their toes.

Horrors: Unearthly Re-

pose, Storm-Wending
Manifestation Forms: At
zero Vitality points, the Wisp's
basic manifestation is a soft
glow, usually white or yellow
(although Wisps with Spite
ratingsnearly equal toorgreater
than their Vitality tend more
toward red or violet). The glow
is not humanoid in shape; an ob-
server who saw both the ghost's
gauze and the glow would see a ball of
light roughly centered over the Wisp's
abdomen. A living observer sees only a faint
ball of (usually very beguiling) light, until the
Wisp decides to invest more of himself in the manifesta-
tion. In this form, the Wisp is completely mute, but can
tphysical objects in slight ways (flicking light switches,
fogging up windows, etc).

With some additional effort (at one Vitality point
expenditure) the Wisp looks like a blurry rendition of her
true appearance. The ghost or projecting entity appears to
the living as a recognizable, humanoid form, but her
features slur and run together as though being viewed
through a rain-lashed window. Some Wisps, particularly
those with high Spite ratings, take on darker shades in this
form and resemble old, black and white photographs.

Finally, by exerting himself, the Wisp can appear as
a human being, manifesting completely. Thistwo point
Vitality expenditure renders Wisps nearly indistinguish-

_


able from their normal, living forms, save the fact that
they glimmer with an inner light. Most such Wisps have
beatific smiles — or devilish grins, depending on their
general temperament — a light, dextrous touch and
obvious grace. Since Horrors are usable in this form (and
since Wisps tend to be showy), they often glow with low-
level Unearthly Repose (see p. 113).

Base Vitality: 4

Base Spite: 0

Base Willpower: 4

Recommended Natures: Bon Vivant, Child, Con-
niver, Rake, Riddler, Trickster

JOHN "SLINH" CARRUTHERS

John Carruthers was a stage magician. In his youth,
he had dreams of Vegas, TV specials, and so forth. He
performed at kids' parties and, of course, whenever
family gathered together, everybody tugged at his sleeves
and begged him for tricks. He had a rude awakening,
however, when he actually tried doing stage
illusion professionally.

John was an entertainer. He liked
being close and personal with his audi-
ence, rather than a mile away ona stage. |
His specialty was slight of hand; he could
make billiard ballsdisappear witha wave" »\4
and a smile. In fact, his nickname J
"Blink" — came from his propensity
foranything he was holding to blink
in and out of visibility.

Blink didn't know a thing,
though, about the high-tech

"magic" that is all but required for
modern illusionists. Disheart-
ened, he opened his own
magic shop at the age of
25 and bitterly resigned
himself to the role of(/
amateur magician for wi
life.

At the age of 26,

Blink was diagnosed with
cancer. Suddenly his life
didn't seem so bad. He met

his treatment bravely, but
his debts mounted, forcing
him to sell his shop. His fam
ily supported him as best the
could, but he knew the
money wouldn't last and wa:
adamant his loved ones wouldn't
fall to bankruptcy trying to pay for
his medical bills. And then, Blink
received an offer from a strange —
called Orpheus. It seemed folks

like him — pushed to the brink
of death by illness or circum- =
stances— were exactly what they ye oN a

needed. Blink knew enough about

misdirection to recognize that something else was hap-
pening, but in the wake of hearing "complete medical
coverage," he signed on.

Blink is a performer, and therefore is often the one
contact with blips and drones for his cru-
cible. He's a funny guy, used to being in control of a
crowd, and can defuse volatile situations with a quick
joke and gesture. When matters really spiral out of
control, however, he can also provide an escape route
via Storm-Wending. Blink does not fancy himself a
combatant — like any stage magician, he needs to be in
control too much to be at all comfortable in the fluid
situation that is battle.


\ :
[LAMENTS

Not everyone reaches out to or interacts with the unseen the
same way. Laments are like a species of character, determining how
one becomes a ghost or projecting entity, and how one interacts
with otherspooks. These definitionsare not absolute, however, and
over the course of a chronicle, a character can change Laments
within a finite set of permutations.

There are twomain categories of Laments: projectorsand ghosts.
Projectors are living people touched by death so often that it marks
their souls. They carry death with them, like battle-wound scars as
testament to its harrowing graze. Life is a choice for them, a state of
being, Death is another choice, equally valid. They have such strong
ties to the afterlife that they can project their souls from their bodies
as ghosts, hence the name "projectors."

Projectors have the best of both worlds. They can leave the
living and, if matters become too rough for them in the unseen,
return to the safety of their bodies. Projectors, however, don't
operate without risk. When a projector leaves her body, the vacant
flesh is vulnerable to restless Spectres seeking a host. A Spectre ot
other lost soul may inhabit the body while the soul travels. If a
projector returns toapossessed body, she mustforce outthe Spectre,
‘Another danger is mundane enemiesattackingan abandoned body,
potentially killing a projector while she's "absent." For this reason,
most projectors safeguard their bodies before traveling.

There are two sub-types of projectors: Skimmers and sleepers.
Skimmers may leave their body at will, shifting their souls between
life and death with minimal effort. Itbecomesa simple act of will for
a skimmer to project. Sleepers, however, may project only while in
acryogenic unit called a cradle, where they experience death while
suspending necrosis. They rely heavily on artificial support to
explore death and return to their bodies when others revive them.
Orpheus and other such organizations provide the support technol-
ogy needed for sleepers to project.

constitute the second type of Lament. Quite simply,
ghosts are dead and no longer encumbered by the demands of a
body. Ghosts haunt the living, often invisibly, and often isolated
from others of their kind... but not always. Many try to remain
involved in living events, watching and attempting to manipulate
matters. Because they are truly dead, ghosts cannot escape the
dangers of the afterlife like projectors, They cannot elude super-
natural enemies by fleeing to their bodies.

Aswith projectors, there are two sub-types of ghosts. Spirits fit
the classic definition of ghosts existing among the living. Memories
of their lives bind them to the physical world. These souls keep
spects of their personality, and may possess knowledge and skills
beyond those of normal humans. Hues are less vibrant ghosts,
glowing with washed out colors. Alll hues are former pigment us
who underwent enough near-death experiences to permanently
alter them. A hue may call upon her dark side to aid he

During the course of a character's life (and death), she may
change Laments. A person could conceivably play a sleeper, but
gain enough control over her projection to become a skimmer.
Once she passes away, she will likely remain involved with her
living friends asa ghost, whether asa spirit or hue. Once a projector
becomes a ghost, however, she can't go back.

LAMENT BRERHOOWN

The sections detailing the breakdown of Laments are as follows:

Advantages: Beyond the general explanation of the Lament, what
advantages does playing a character of this "species" offer?

Disadvantages: ThisLament'snegative aspectsthatwillhinder
a character of this "species."

Signature Character: The supporting character who best
exemplifies this Lament's core nature. Like the Shade's signature
personas, these are fictional heroes who may interact with a troupe,
but they are not meant to overshadow the characters.


How quickly can I get started? Go out that door, lock it behind you and
I'11 still beat you down the stairs.

vous system from the sudden surge of activity. It always inflicts one
automatic level of bashing damage. When resting and in her body,

the skimmer regains spent Vitality at the rate of one point per
hour of rest, up to a maximum of her starting Vitality.

Skimmers are masters of the esoteric art of soul projection.
With minimal preparation, a skimmer can cast her soul free of her
body, essentially becoming a spook at will. The skimmer's
flesh remains behind, an empty husk kept alive by
energy trickling back through the silver cord connect-
ing soul to flesh (the term "silver cord" has been held
over from mystical tradition, even though this con-
nector is both invisible and intangible). Many
skimmers develop an unusual relationship with their
¢ at will, either
reveling in physical sensation of lavish sartorial

Disadvantages: The skimmer takes risks whenever leav
ing her body. She must spend one Vitality point every hour
she is away from her flesh to maintain its autonomic
functions (breathing, heart rate, etc.). Without that Vital-
ity, her body begins dying, taking one point of bashing
damage every hour. The silver cord also shunts any
damage directed at the

\ skimmer's soul directly
to her body, inflicting
it as bashing damage
regardless of the type
of damage successfully
dealt. The skimmer
can attempt to soak
this trauma using
her Stamina rating
(difficulty 5 instead
of 6). If the
skimmer's body dies
while her soul is projecting, she becomes a

physical bodies once they can le

display when "in residence," or conversely
spurning the flesh to concentrate on the
life of the mind, becoming ascetic or just
plain sloppy.

Orpheus can't predict who will be-
come a skimmer. Some make the grade
by being fast on their feet; some bull
through on sheer determination; still oth-
ers seemingly blunder into the realm of
the dead every single time. Only two gen-
eralities seem to hold true: One, the more
NDEs the better, and two, the projector
must be comfortable with taking substantial

risk

ghost.

SIGNATURE
CHARACTER:
ZOE VITT

Zoé Vitt was a daredevil. After years
of paying her dues (serving as a body
double for timid actresses, performing at
county fairs and auto racing events, even
undertaking car theft when money was
tight), she became a minor celebrity, with
a name to play into a lifetime of Vegas
shows. That wasn't enough, however. She
longed for the days when Evel Knievel could
tour like a rock starand perform live on prime-
time television. So, Zoé worked on showier
and more dangerous tricks.

Skimmers begin training with a strict
regimen that includes meditation techniques
and drugs that elicit a sense of disassociation
from the physical body. Under the watchful
eye of Orpheus staff, the would-be skimmer
eventually finds herself at the border be-
tween life and death — and learns to cross

that boundary without suffering physical
harm. With long, grueling practice, the
skimmer learns to focus her consciousness,
achieving the mental state necessary to slip
free of her body within seconds. Not every
new prospect manages this feat, of course;
more than a few agents began skimmer training,
"failed," and moved on to the sleeper tanks, creating
some tension between the two types of projectors.
Orpheus Group paid Zoé a visit in the
hospital (her fifth admission in under two years)
after a rough bunge way landing. Seeing
chance for a new career, one without an estab-
lished old boys network, Zoé came aboard. The
focus required of skimmers came naturally after
stunt work. Her quick wits and personable nature
proved assets dealing with both the living and the
dead, and her drive to be at the top of her field kept
her going even when the going was tough (or worse,
boring)

Zoé's nature pulled her to the Poltergeist Shade.
She isn't out-and-out angry — she fights back rather
than allow perceived injustices to fester. Zoe's
cheerfully wild side is just as happy to send

Although skimmers can project at will
Orpheus prefers to rotate such agents to avoid
prolonged stress on their body (due to ripcording
or other such damage). As such, skimmers
usually follow a two-weeks-on, one-week-off

cuta

cycle, wherein the week off is strictly paper-
work or desktop investigation (essentially
anything not involving projecting).
Advantages: A skimmer can project
her soul from her body after one turn of
concentration if she possesses the Skill

Meditation (otherwise, projecting re-
quires one minute). Regardless she may
then travel, on foot or ina vehicle, as

far from her body as she wishes. To
objects zinging through the air, however, so

menu the may travel backs of, by she's quite capable of getting the job done.

simply willing it, snap back across
any distance in a single turn. The
latter method, called ripcording, is
tiring and damages the body's ner-

CHAPTER TWO
SHADES, LAMENTS AND HORRIBLE THINGS

_ ies ys a SH co


"puom supjossoys tay
‘uiny sed snaydig Aatiow ouy ax anoge aze> \ |
{ypnuiosa,ussop uo | rey anoge Addey spoopiad |
s,a4 pur ‘ssoisioud s,.20ue9 siy prerar podjay Ajaaruyop
ysnonp sso8 oy Summpey sensor ayy adaajs v se
2] 303 papnas',ay os ‘uondefoud ajAas-souiUUNyS pue eA
2up jo Suey ayp 195 pjnoo.z9aaua} snaydio yum auea|ns
-UoL) aanesnsoauy Ue se UoNsod v padasse
dy zaye sy994 Atay v ASN! VOISsTUHDY OUT WDM
sodUUD dup IW Pawaas w tO] 404

-wexo jeorsiyd e
anotpuas. 19001 posedoad sem oysq aoo!og YTy
‘foyod aoueunsut jt] aieunsuautoD pue Apes Y
aup paquosap Aoup |hun yeondoys sea Woy "Wo]
-qoad aninadg sty areurunpa djay or pasayo snaydig \W 4
‘suite pur sjeo8 umo s19tp Jo uonduasap e woy Suits
Joy "2PI9A0 oO ‘pL' sIy ‘SUTUSEL SULAUP UDAD
pur saat] S.uaypyIyD ax yaa doavy Sunfeau ‘anoe
Jowm tp Burdaay ses ay Auasttu (pias watp Suruspang
pur Ajuey atp Sununey anoadg e jo ansaz ay seat a]
Ssno1geua1 Os Sea UNA Pa|fed-O8 siep ey WoSead w UNL
popraoud uana pue ‘sinourypeyq seat ay Ayan tour Aan |
"Joop sty 03 Oy>q 1DL04q po} peaads 199Ue> ayp se s9DUd

}

uuadxa (peap-Ivau Jo sauas s,Wo |. "OF steak gamNp sea
WAL] ‘AAl] O1 SPUOW xIS WHY aAeT SIODOP ayp ITY
‘MOWAUE duns JO} JaquIdWAL 2,USsOp WO | "WEP ay] Sup
alos 40 **-Aporsno areas o1u ApuaNbasqns pure ‘Sluared
s,aJia\ Sty 01 UDA Spry SIE] "9800] WHY IND pue YonuT
002 suuntuiad aoueansut Ypjeay aAN99][09 atau Pasea1
ANI sanOYDHIG AuEISUOD sTY e~P popldop — drysioused
19} dn uaaq pay J91p1ea stpuoUL Atay v asnf azay — 40}
pospom pay wuy aumrauypue ay f "sjasiay SunyPy ax0joq
Joyooye pue sipid ox pos ‘aay] O1 sqpUUL aay v Isnt PeY
puegsny zy et a8popavouy ax Yat aay] 02 apquun ‘9pta8
SIH "3jH[ Sty padansap sown yesqara> saepy Wo |

SahtteH
WOL HSlI ee eHo
SeyNnLeuUudIsS

"A[Mo}s A804 JoYO AuL P[Nom se satiiaue ISO] S19A099R
sadaajs Sunoofoud auf "snoy ue qutod w ae Aarpeat sdnosa1
ay ‘ayeave pue Apoq sit] ur ¥>eq st 1adaays B 2DU0 SANTA,
gaaova1 yous Apoq ay ayers daaysous ay Ut ayryar
"AyjeuonIppy "pooyg tpi spiny siseas axp sooejdax pue amy SL
-eradwiay Sulat] 02 eq Apog sty sures HUN atp [HUN Apog sty
JoqUd-d4 OULD Jada9]s aUp ‘SoUT] AUS aLp SuOTY "siNoY aay anoge Saye
ssapoid sit]. "pourpey Ajjeotuay> aq pur apperd a1uasouuo v rayua asnut
9} ‘Aung & Ur Jo []1a8 ae wolord oUURD sadaajs Vy :SaBeURApEsIC]

J00d ands sty 01 pappo aun snuod ands
om ayp pun "uunp a» summuiar ay sunaU yor ‘sjaaa] om SuauMUaL ay Supay
wouf way Studdors ‘sapun 3209 Jaoy>qpy so20f Koua8wrwa uw ‘Karoumiofur

np 01 dn way Bug pun kpoq sty woxf rwod andy auo Sampunuye ‘kop
D 4of spay pun sommupaue javyoryy "paxntuy 3 uoMrpuod sty ‘aumuy fo mo way
sSuug snaydic) * (pamorpp yoos ou) asvuurp Suysog fo sjara] ysjpay gumWoMD
aauip Buna ‘Conv wwf sryotym ‘<pog sty on ands 2axyp ayy tuys ap "snuod
ands 22a su pun Grn fo soy v umup on sappap ayaryy : dur

(asearour ose yi Suner aurdg s zan.ereyp v weep Aaypqissod ayp Suuunsu

*plnoo eM se esoToO se o4tnb 403 4,u0op ysnf om
cuyeeD OTYURTTF 44 s4T "YZBEP OT4TT 44 you st ‘oN

snip) jood ands jperoaos zoerey> 24 01940 UBAUOD {fare
"pow squiod andg Sururewos ayn ‘sonundun yenaunds
nompAnoge iyo sountun yeoissyd ypu poroquins
"ua [Js a]! uteBe aolord sadaajs au pjnoys
aun owes ap ae sounfur ay Suypeay Jo aynsor
e se Aep sad qutod anidg auo jo sjasumy urerp 01
uty so|qeua puru pur Apog saadaasaqpjeayor
ssasord uonenpqeyaiayp ‘peasuy-(Suneandg |?
at aseaiout 10) squiod anidg saisereyp ayp or
aanqunuo> AyjentuNoUssop yf ‘spunom sesisistod
andg arp ‘da9js-o419 wioy sofas aoerey>
ay au0 ‘siutod andg pajauueyp ayp 19} sy
soya
ann v azam adaays aup Jt se azned spasys parjdde
abetuep jye sowye faseurep Jaa] yppey sayNs 10U
op siadaajs Sunoaford ‘Suyjauueyp sitp jo apising
1s-O449 toy sasIaUa oy ;HUN Jey IouUeD 497
-emyp ayp wey wuUTYstUNd , ‘suIxo2 Jemautds, Jo
aouasaid atp way (eos ouUeD ay Y>Tyar) aseuEp
Suryseg Jo Jaa] auo siayns Apog siadaa|s ayp ‘uoT
"se typ Ut pojauueyp rutod andg Arwioduio) yea
404 2oud v anoypm a0U st A Mudg Aq potUTaysUDAo
24101 A]ayy ssa] aue siadaays suwaue AaNpIQE STEP OpTY A
UH v.10} AByoUd IUBUSTTEU EYP Jo saseAL ay WO
sjeswury Bun>a101d ‘Apoq ua;OUMUOS siy OTT pu
wuoy-As0ys sty Woy sued andg aunys AjuEIUN
-JOa ued sadagjs v ‘AyeuoIppy ‘areas porsafoad
dup ut Aes o2 40 aDo{ord or AaypentA, puads
0) posu 10U op siadaa|g :sasejueapy
Aavanoe Apsoys
QJ 2xedionue 01 ySnous posueape ave] Jo Apoq
FY ousutag azatp jo aunp Aq Aquo pes] ApuaLNs
sSurp awos Suipnpout — sysea ayqeuonsanb
AyjeSa] pur Ajjeatypa a1owi sit 40} stadaays sasn
snaydig umotry 9q 01 sytem snaydig Yoryao}
sSumyp Jo spury yp seme rou are Aoup aste39q,
‘poziongnd stempe a,uaze samiance siada9

uurey peauatu
40 yeorsdyd quaueunad zayns Aayp asay ‘atu v aw
9f99a1 9} 8 UEP aLOW JO pauTPEY IUEA}NsUOD su d99¥
jussop snaydig ‘Aprepung "soyod aeiodios Aioepueut
MOU SI YDEAq PUL ‘Yo Sfpam OAL Isea] Iv aye OYA Suse FuoWHE
ssouypt yeotsAuyd pur feuaur tnog Jo aauapiout paonpar Apeasd v 99s

sasiBojoypisd snaydig) ‘stuawUsisse pourpey UaDMI9q,,,YORAG,, SYP
‘wu asea] ae saUaSe 81 Sats snaydiG ‘jos puk Apog §.1ada9js E Uo prey
sjatianxo are sossaooud uonwasnsa1 pue ypeap-1aU ay J "A1IAOIOILYL

uoos 001 ureSe Sururppey wHoy sTUEYNSUOD SH saseNODstp snayd -
y py Woy sUEINsUOD 3 Ip snaydiC) "5
"Apog sty 02 no Aem a

Surysnd aewrep Apsoys jo zSuep ou ut st ay Gautuys e aytfun YyBnowp
"Apog sty or pazaypiaa Apysy st [NOs stE] ISOYs v saop se sm YOU UI SIDE
pure ‘sop sawuurys e se asnf 3Dafo1d ued sadagjs ap ‘pourpey AUC,

«Surmpey,,
sv ssavoid sitp 01 49491 UEA|NSUOD snaydIG "4,0g snUIL! punos 01
aumeradura aio s,fadaajs atp 2anpar pue sydone pur Aesop o1 Aye
1ySno Aayp se UdAd YpTLaY sURBIO aYp sUTEIUTEWE II UTUaS e LPN
pooyg sty 20ejdax suerotuyoan snaydig) tpeap-ze9u jo ners e UT UAH]
axuasaud 01 pasn snaydig ietp fur S1ua80419 asapva atp Jo uadstUTLWAL
sraquueyp pe1oads aqua siadaa|s ‘pearsuy "]]1a\ 3 sS9]-10-a10 39a/01d 01
Sraumunys Suyyqeua aren jenauids 40 jesBojoypisd ‘Teorskyd Aay yp ye]
ing aatazad SOUNDS Tet SurutEN Joos aus ap aatada1 s1adaa|g

a

xe


SS a ree eee

sordofoud 10 yoy so Aue
ur zaruNODUD 01194 aa,daup Sage PeIBARS
saensuowap ays aduls ‘aru aztos +f
v9 01 ajqeun uadg sey snaydg ‘wsinUd> ——¢g
onstuntssad 10 wistjeapr anstumnado Aq paypnown
Isi[¥a1 PNNUUOD & Se [Joa se ‘Ssa}TRA} IOUUE
pue pantaayinb st ayg saysieasar pppy e se
snaydig) 10} 40m 01 sanUUOD ATUL ‘AepO |

snaydicy

porsequopor aruuy ‘uonenns mau Jay Uo a[puey e398
01 SurAn jo zeaK v Jay "Apoq 19y pountep> siuaied 194
Joye A]uo atuoy uuMaL O1 poseueW aruUy Guids v se
Jlesioy Surpury "uoosuey ur posopanw sem pur sispeop
UloIoY Jo NOE Ue ATUUY ‘AareUMUOJUP) "PHiom axp punore
woyy eiep Jo Ateiqyy & passe APfaNb UoNezIUeAIO Fuyspay
atp Spow soy Ysnosyy soanyjnd say Zuowre sasuauiadxa
(peop-teau pue vonnsafo1d Apox-Jo-no aresnsaaut on astperoads
B popadu YpIyAr ‘snaydiG patos Ajarou ay Aq. poreU0D
sea Ys Sproyurag woy AFojodoupue ur sioaseyy Jay Sure
JOY ‘svg PayUF) otp oO} pouMe aru ‘gy a8 ay

-Apn] Os 20U aLom sIOUPOq
so} a8e]]14 ystpanyy euo yEnesuOdvam eorUayp tbesy ue paatA
aang Ajareq aluury "euney pur LOY shouostod YpIa siaUNoDuA
ay JO ynsar auf) se saduauAdxa tpeap-tvau [e9aes Yysnonp
auo8 fulaep ‘apeut-uew pur jemyeu tog 4aAaMoy

‘aaluep yontu yan aysnorg a} asayy sty | syuoU
-nuod xis Jo somNy]ND ay YprAr sUIHUEY sear |
pue safiensiue] uozop v Apreau yeads pynos ays
‘uaa sea ary uN} oYp Ag "aqo]s oyp punore.
squared ary Surdueduioooe say] say auads
siaqjioxg ox Jay pue atuury "tuseisntputa pue
Ansouns NAo][PIUt JY paseinosus oy
sasiojodon ue josarysinep ay ‘pyryosno
amudape ue sea sadiepy ary -_+

Sct t+t++
SIUU ++
SLI be teHo
SyNnLeudis

sanout a1 asietuep UTE
andg oyp aeunuya you |p uA
ap Buronsap pue ‘sistxa ul
ayp ‘Sunes oidg ouo sey auds
atp se suo] sy ‘san fRunes ands
-o7}soyestumarshvayeaimears ">
aq ang ‘rosiuesjaddopayp donsap
pue umop 392 ued sumidg es

asvaiout

audg ayp jo aoanos ay spuvasiop
4 -un Sore pue sjorerpowmun aids
DULL Yoenv ap Aq posnes uonensty
40 YoReuaHTE ‘Ss0] a4 Dayar Or aUIOd anidg &
aun aurds aup sopppes Aypeonewomne ;ouUEU sitp Ut (31 BULAONSap 10 f
iosiea v SurAup ‘Aunfur snoadys ‘Suypry v) yeare [ryssaoons ype:
sploy saroereyp oup Yor aeup sXonsap Jo ‘spuany pue sraquiaw pure
siuney pure sainno1 ‘sy>eNe a] ‘auAstXa TALND 40 aft] 1oULIOJ Said ay
Aonsap 01st uaaamoy ‘asodind s,asuesjaddop ay ‘swer] Uline 49,
-otuvy atp st uondayar fanuo sttp ‘osodind pue siuaiut |e 104 >yeqawap
ano suIEIg sJaIeILYD ay SuIpjain uaas pue Arye, Jo pearsut
andg uodn Sutaveup ‘suuoy uoesatUEW pur sIoUOP] aus ay BuIsh
‘aysemey> aup se Huon pur pay]_ys sv st 1oSueBjaddop ay | yoyo yova jo
[itu v UILpLA\ UdYAN 00} xp O2 UALOP JOOUK DUO YL 04 soBULBjaddop

=

uu
crap

LididsS

z SONTHE TIGIYYOH CNV SINENVT

pue aioereyp thog moje or YBnoud ‘(,,jo]q IEP UO say, 10 ,JUIp|ING

"Fis -ocpmcteaaaererene sce Miiajieac mummies

‘SaqvHS

WYP Ul S.aH,,) JOyIO Ypea jo say jo a]dnoo v UY JosUONs smoss
asuias aU ("29 "Ypnos *yoU :suoHaNp [eA9UAs Jo sua UT) Aa1D aus
tp urEpIM ways suediaaunos stay asuas 4aAamoy ‘YOIwAIE 10 XIs JO
) area, Bune e yr — Aanpen, Sunes
AHavp ssaypuesar ‘stay 9erey Surpnyoul— say
-ndg ‘ppow ayp ut araymouios urediayunos
vaaey Aoup aziyear 0} saajastuotp jo ysinoud
JUvZTUBOD J9AdU are Jamo] JO aay Jo AUTH,
Buruease epi ssoysi'pres yey |, Bulag s19y jo
ainqeuayp Surutuza.ap ut Aes jenbaspjoy audg
aroyp ‘sny_],"payruosiod ypiai are pue Aayjeuosiad
Jo aa10} UNO slay Jo SiuAWIPoquua are AayL
"olla pue pljosuon ajar nplomod are syutdsastie9
| SISIXD JoIBILYD dYP JO UORIayax Yeaqq SILL,
-dnayetu jeotojoypisds smoereypayp jouonsaya1
auvsesisixoqequioaxdgeuediayunos eu
SepURApesIC|
ued siup om uy SuUOYSUE
J}! Jo pBuans pue ARioua yemutds ap so ‘avers
Apsoys sty 02 UoRIaUUOD BuoNs sauIds ay Joya
swuasoidar sity "SBunes zamodyiy sgarsereyp au
Buistes Ut 40 SIF] [eUOTUIPpe UO rads aq siutod
asoy2 papuauutUOda st ap "(QUOWeT snolaaid Aue
jo sotiequeapesip pur safiequeape ay Saxo] a4 20UI8)
dporuoayp-piurulauoue|sasueyssorUIEYD aust UDA
ajqepear awosaq swuiod asay.f, "uonvard saxeIeYD
Suuinp puads siadejd zrayp aetp sitttod arqaay aay jeUON
ippe uv ssossod stosereyp quid :saequeapy

ane'
pour v ssassod suds [Py #

/ "uonwulssesse pue wisn) UI autds Suyuren suessoud
ae paztoyqnd ssar] ‘siunds sao yal uoReHosou pur
Sunoypes waep ‘uoneaLasqo Jo Suv axp Studie auids Hur
Ain pearonu oy yersad sind snoy ig) sontanoe esq
KZ az0ww_snaydiG) ano Aue or soanerdo ywapod au
ane Aatpt ‘A}yesa] sIxo sasiuo] ou Aatp asneDag
"siuade aziud siutds stapistios snaydicy

ynoypip aayu9es
amoy uonearosaud- sas

} sip soyeun *
30 wsadse auwog "prema yeuy sp
A 20 0u1 pure ‘opiins jo os payjtan e se

aouansixa jo aueyd sitp aay Ajduuts

ues suuids Aneta Ysy wu oq]

ax] staypavasar snaydicy "puasse 01 WYP
asnv9 OU Soop S1OYII ay Sudonsap

ang ‘44 way doay soutsap Jeuosiad
"4quneuacysyoods 1atppose uoIYst

~ Up UL 9ouaNSIxXa stp O2 , paroypU
~ ane srarsereyp auids ‘sany ay]up)

"AroBoww> tone] step OUT [fey SioNDeIeYD aKdg
sioyearoy ouput aouasaud soSuons ya woUp Sut
-NqUU ‘PHM stip YpIAt YORIAUUOD s jos Alotp pouatpsuans
suonenus peypo] Yala saysrug powvadar ayp ‘MoyoUOS *2yt] Ul
sqvamp powwadar o1 pasodxo aroas Aanpeat, YBIY Ypta asoup ‘sodA
-odxa ypeap-zeau ajdnjnu suoRiepun you aavy sitds your aL
"damod]]1M u9Aa 10 2UEUTLUN]
aroyp pauayvan SurXp ysnowp Uaad ‘S1ayIO LY AJaatsayod aout apt] O1
watp paratype dn-ayeu peotsojoypssd sry noge Sunpotuog "say oy
Ur SiuatyDeNe |eUOHOW 10 suoTUgUIE [eUOSIAd ‘sjfIM SuoNs AjjensnUN,
Jo passassod spenpiarput Jo uondas-sso1d wopuer v ainsuod siunds
wtp saaarjaq snaydiC) °,Llop s1atypo aytya Yeap uodn syutds aui0d~q sje
-pLAIpUL aWIOS AYA MOE aN|D apAy Yl say Suravay ‘shear waxyIp
Jo spaipuny ut parp pur apy Jo Syfear [Je Woy awoD Aay_]_ "uo ssed s|jyS
Surat sajdood uaya puryaq urewion wtp peap ssajisar ayp age suutdg

peep ApeorTe s.4ey4 FUTYZSWOS T{TTH 4,WeO Noy

-LNIWV1I


Trapped in shadow, hues have pale and faint souls flickering with
washed out colors. Hue charactersstill shine brighter than many ghosts,

burthey can feel themselves fadingand know they should be more than
what they are. Hues struggle constantly to maintain

theiressence, neverquite reachingan inward maxi

mum potential that they feel remains untapped

within themselves. The glass is half-empty, by J

their assessment, because there are holes stop- 4
ping the hue from filling it up all the way

suffer multiple near death experiences before
they pass away. One other thing besides the
NDEs ties hues together, however: pigment
Allhuestried pigment in theirlives,and though
In most cases, the black heroin overwhelmed
them, leading to their deaths. Some huesstill feel
the scratchy cravingin the afterlife, but many want
revenge on the drug makers; they blame pigment for
their shattered state. Others simply despair, watch-
ing the living commit the same mistakes they did

For hues, existing is a matter of atticude
Yes, most hues know that they could give up,
darkness, blah, blah. They could, but they
havedifferent ideas. Despite everythingthat's
screwed up, they've survived. Hues must
also face the dark sides of their souls up close
and personal, and best it. Intimacy with the
worst aspects of their natures allows hues to
makepactsordeals with theirdark sides throu
their actions. These hues don't give up. They
don't panic when things go wrong. If a dark

4 twisted monstrosity from beyond space and
time should show up, then a hue is in her
element. She has faced down the worst}

facets of herself and learned to use them. |
Nothing outside a hue's own experi
‘4 ences can be worse... in most cases.

fr Advantages: Hueshaveagreater

affinity for their nastier aspects than
»
other spooks. They can call forth

their Stains, with no danger of

increasing their Spite, by spen
ing two Vitality per Stain. A
hue's ability to call on Stains
turns a negative facet of

1
themselves into a positive \S
one
Disadvantages: The -
greatest disadvantage for a
hue is that their Vitality may
never exceed their starting
7 value, which in turn, has a maximum ceiling of
seven regardless. They cannot suffuse them-

selves to 10 points as other characters can, be it
through artifact,

J

re powers or crucible infu-
sions. Their souls are not strong enough to hold
more Vitality than their starting value.

The Vitality cap is a major disadvantage, and

players may find this limitation frustrating. Hue characters should

Remember in Beetlejuice when Keaton's face burst open and it had all those
tentacles and teeth? No? Here, let me show you.

consider buying up theirstarting Vitality through freebie points (again,
up to.a maximum of seven Vitality) since they cannot use experience
points to increase their Vitality. Ifa hue character does not buy up her
Vitality, she may be a short-term visitor to the chronicle. Spite could
Vitality

easily consume a hue with a low startir

SIGNATURE
CHARACTER: CRAIG
FOREST

A former sniper with an FBI Hostage Rescue Team
and survivor of many NI Craig Forest received an
undercoverassignment from the FBI to infiltrate Orpheus
asa trainer. Orpheus' staff, however, quickly won Craig's

trust and loyalty, and convinced him that the super-
natural existed.
Craig grew obsessed with defending
Orpheus from spectral attackers, but a staff
‘ member, Rachel Gonz: offered him a
‘ solution, a drug called pigment that
would allow him to see the dead.
The black heroin overwhelmed
Craig and he became an addict,
turning to the streets when his.
addiction grew worse. He
\ turned himself over to

lez

Orpheus, but to his surprise,
they treated him
\ trained him «

and

an agent.

They hoped he could turn

the addiction to his ad-
vantage.

When Craig broke
ties with the FBI, his su-
pervisors classified the
incident as a cult situa
tion and ordered Craig's

retrieval for
deprogramming. Unfortu-
nately, Craig hada full dose
of pigment in his veins the
night the HRT came to re-
trieve him. He resisted, and the
Dy HRT team used too much force
in capturing him. Craig Forest died

at the hands of his former allies.
Craig is now a hue, a faded ghost
He protects Orpheus and defends other
pigment victims. He has few answers
} about the drug or the washed out taint to
his soul, but he'll find a way to over
come. He's still a sniper, if only in
outlook, and he needs a target. The FBI
has information on Orpheus, inform:
tion that came from his files. Once

Craig knows who was responsible for

his death, he'll eliminate the threat
and retrieve the FBI's files on his
friends


HORRORS

Projectors and ghosts can all wield powers called
Horrors. Through these supernatural abilities, spooks
may affect the physical world, mortals or each other.
A ghost with the proper Horror can see the future,
enthrall onlookers, hurl objects by force of will and
perform other amazing feats.

More than anything else, possession of a particu-
lar Horror defines the various ghostly Shades; that's
why a ghost or projector of each Shade automatically
receives one particular Horror. Characters may buy
other Horrors using freebie points or experience points,
but they always learn that one Horror first.

Horrors are intimately related to a spook's per-

sonality. Each Horror reflects the way its possessor

interacts with the world and with others. A Shade's
defining Horror shows this connection most closely:
A frustrated, explosive Poltergeist lashes out with the
destructive, physical power of Helter Skelter; ma-
nipulative Skinriders commandeer the bodies of
mortals through Puppetry, etc. Each Shade also pos-
sesses a second Horror that ghosts and projected
entities of that Shade find fairly easy to learn, but do
not gain automatically. Spooks find other Horrors
more difficult to learn. Each Shade also has two
Horrors they will find impossible to learn because
they are so contrary to the spook's personality. De-
spite this, however, plenty of other Horrors remain
from which to choose.

Unlike other Traits, Horrors do not operate ona
scale of one to five dots. Either you know a Horror, or
you don't. These powers are also broad: You can use
each Horror in a variety of ways, depending on your
creativity and how much Vitality your character ex-
pends. Each Horror starts with a basic, minor effect
that the character may use at will. If a spook expends
Virality, the Horror exhibits greater effects. A ghost
or projected entity may spend up to five Vitality ona

Shade
Banshee Wail

Inhabit
Helter Skelter

Puppetry

Haunter
Poltergeist Congeal
Skinrider

Will-o'-th

Unearthly Ri

pose

isp

Automatic Horror Favored Horro:
Forebode
Witch's Nimbus

Juggernaut
Storm-Wending

Horror, producing eerie and terrifying effects, but no
spook expends that much of her essence lightly.
BENEFITS

Each Horror also includes a special ability called
a Benefit. One character can link his power to an-
other character to augment the Horrors used by the
other spook. For instance, a Banshee might use his
precognitive power to make another character's Hor-
ror likelier to succeed: The Banshee knows what

works best, and passes that instinctive foreknowl-
edge to his comrade. Applying Benefits this way is
called yoking, while the yoked partners are called
donors (the person using his Benefit to someone
else's Horror) and beneficiary (or recipient; the per-
son receiving the effect). Ghosts and projectors must
work together for several weeks to properly yoke their
powers, which gives members of a crucible an added
incentive to stay together. A beneficiary may receive
only one Benefit at a time, though, and characters
may not apply benefits to their own Horrors.

A final note on Benefits: Most Horrors have a
duration based on the Vitality used to power them.
The moment a character uses a Benefit to help a
compatriot, he ends the active effect of any Horror he
already had in play. Thus, if a character is using Wail
to attack a target (using enough Vitality to carry the
effect for four turns) and switches to using his Benefit
after two turns, he loses the remaining two turns of
Wail's devastating cry. Additionally, characters can
use a Benefit to enable their beneficiaries even if the
recipients' abilities are already in effect. The only
time this doesn't work is if the Benefit lowers a
Vitality cost or assists the initial roll of a Horror. In
this case, the donor must coordinate the Benefit prior
to the beneficiary's first use of his power.

This chapter describes all the Horrors yet quan-
tified by Orpheus.

Banned Horrors
Helter Skelter
Forebode & Wail
Unearthly Repose
None yet known

Jongeal
Storm-Wending

Puppetry & Jugge'


BANSHEE
HORRORS
WIL

Kate concentrated and felt the weight of a physical exist-
ence settle on her shoulders. She manifested fully behind the two
shiv-waving muggers and their wide-eyed victim. The first
mugger lifted his knife, smirking, and Kate didn't need any
mystical prescience to know there would be blood spilled within
seconds. Instinctively she inhaled, then she screamed. As they
turned toward her, she could see the fear in their faces, but they
kept hold of their weapons. Very well. The pitch of Kate's
scream rose, and the pair fell to their knees, bleeding from eyes
and ears

This Horror allows the character to affect the universe
around her with her voice; she may choose to play on the
emotions of others with a gentle croon, raise outright terror in
them or ultimately shriek loud enough to rip flesh, shatter
bone and break rock. Unfortunately, this Horror affects the
living (and spooks) only when the character manifests fully;
otherwise, it remains unseen and unheard by the living and
affects only ghosts and projected entities. At low Vitality
expenditures, the user draws an emotional response from her
targets, and her croon is audible to those nearby. She can calm
fury, excite anger and even generate enough terror to send
opponents fleeing or fainting on the spot. With more control,
andat higher expenditures, her scream tears through flesh and
even stone. It can even break the foundations of buildings or
rip apart steel doors. Anyone within "normal" earshot, how-
ever, hears the Wail, whether humans (if the Banshee has
manifested fully) or spooks (if not). Haunters may not take
this Horror.

System: The ghost or projector using this Horror can
tear down everything from emotions to flesh to granite,
shrieking waves of pure fury at her targets. The spook may
continue her Wail for a number of turns equal to (Vitality
spent + 1), as longas she remains within range of her target.
She may move without affecting the Horror, though she
cannot dodge, fight or pursue any action more complicated
than a simple walk. All physically damaging effects of this
Horror are permanent (unless healed or rebuilt); emo-
tional effects pass with time or with a change of situation.
(It does little good to calm security guards and lull them
into a state of peaceful relaxation if your Poltergeist friend
then uses them as targets for knife-throwing practice.)

Spending zero to two Vitality points enables the
character to affect the emotions of her target audience. At
the simplest level (zero Vitality points spent), she can
calm them and soothe their worries; with a higher expen-
diture of Vitality (two Vitality points), she can terroriz
them into fleeing in panic. The target's Willpower is the
difficulty for the roll using Manipulation + Empathy. The
number of successes scored determines the degree of emo-
tional reaction produced in the target, though Vitality
spent also provides a maximum ceiling for effects (so
spending no Vitality means the character can, at best,
elicit nothing greater than a "One Success" effect; see
chart). Neither are emotional successes cumulative over


will not increase the initial result unless she throws more
Vitality into the mix, thus stacking successes. In adding
more Vitality, however, the duration of the Wail only
increases by the additional Vitality spent (and not Vitality
+ 1 each time).

Example: Kate tries calming a homicidal ghost through a
one Vitality expenditure, meaning it's a two-turn effect. AL-
though she rolls four successes on Manipulation + Empathy, she
can have only three successes given she spent one Vitality in the
process. The ghost is still dangerous, so Jennifer, Kate's player,
throws another Vitality point into the Wail, rolling another two
successes, both of which she can use. She adds the two new
successes to the three old successes, bringing her total up to five
successes. The Wail now lasts for three turns (initial Vitality
spent of 1 + 1 for the normal bonus and another +1 for the extra
Vitality thrown into the mix).

One Succe: Mildly soothing orannoy-
ing. Lowers all dice pools pertaining to Physical
actions by one if soothing; lowers all dice pools
pertaining to Mental or Social based actions by one
if annoying. Only one person affected; the maxi-
mum successes possible for zero Vitality points

xpenditure.

Two Successes: Calms a screaming baby
or enrages the average queuing shopper. Lowers dic
pools by two as above. Up to two people affected.

Three Successes: _Pacifies an angry com-
muter or annoys a serene mother. Lowers dice pools
by three as above. Up to five people affected; the
maximum successes possible for one Vitality point
expenditures.

Four Success Calms a freshly bereaved
spouse or drives a controlled security guard into a
fury. Lowers dice pools by four as above. Up to 10
people affected.

Five Successes: Pacifies a raging lunatic
or enrages a meditating Buddhist monk. Lowers
dice pools by five as above. Up to 50 people
affected; the maximum successes possible for two
Vitality points expenditur

Ifacharacter spends two or more Vitality points, then
she may use this Horror to physically wound one or more
people directly in front of her, and within ten yards of her.
If attacking a group of people, she may not distinguish
among them; everyone in the group risks taking damage
since they are all within range of her scream of fury.

If a ghost or projected spirit wishes to increase the
power of the Horror while using it, the player may tack
on additional Vitality to increase the effect, rather than
starting from scratch.

Example: Jennifer spends two Vitality to terrify the mug-
gers. Since there are two targets in her area of effect — as well
as the victim, who unfortunately suffers as well — the Story-
teller rolls against the Willpower of all present. Unfortunately
Jennifer rolls low, and fails to affect either mugger (though the

victim is now in an even more pitiful state of terror than before) .
Both muggers turn to attack Kate, since she is manifesting.
Reluctantly, Jennifer spends her current two remaining Vitality
points, upping the total points spent to four, and backs up so as
not to harm the bystander. She wails on a purely physical level,
targeting muggers' bodies. This Wail will last for another two
turns, since she's spent an additional two Vitality points

Spending four or more points of Vitality enables the
character to rip apart solid wood, stone or metal. Inani-
mate matter is, in some ways, easier to affect with raw force
than human flesh or spook gauze, and may be targeted more
precisely. The character may destroy up to the number of
successes that she's rolled in cubic feet of that substance,
though she may choose to restrict the scope of the damage.
For instance, if she wishes to merely shatter the lock of a
safe or rip a door from its hinges, she may narrow her focus
(of course, destroying the building's cornerstone, or the
key piece of a dam, may carry other dangers with it....).
Since this affects physical matter, the character must
manifest fully to use this Horror in this capacity.

Wood and similar substances have a difficulty of 4
to attack: stone has a difficulty of 6: steel and similar
metals have a difficulty of 8. If the character targets a
human being or spook, then the Wail does lethal dam-
age as listed above.

Against Armor ratings, an expenditure of three or
more Vitality bypasses limited armor rating, with the
sheer force of the Wail vibrating through the armor and
shattering flesh, bone and inorganic matter. At thre
Vitality, the attack ignores Armor ratings of one, while
at four Vitality, it ignores Armor ratings of two, etc.

Of final note, certain Vitality expenditures may over-
lap in effect, meaning the character must choose between
the effects. Spending two Vitality points, for example,
allows the character either to elicit an emotional response
or to attack physically instead. By spending four or more
Vitality, the character can either blast a living target for
lethal damage or damage an object.

Benefit: For one Vitality, the character doubles the
range, area of effect or number of targets of acompatriot's
Horror. Using this power's insight into the emotions of
others, the donor may lend that understanding to a
beneficiary, giving him a sense of clearer vision and
more precise control. The character donating this effect
controls who gains the Benefit, but not whether the
recipient applies it toward range, number of targets or
area of effect. The Benefit is immediate, and lasts only
for a turn, but the donor can direct it toward anyone
within line of sight, even if the recipient Horror is
already in effect.

FORESODE

Kate looked around the disused bathroom. A stain across the
floor and halfway up the wall marked where the shooting had taken
place two weeks ago, and where they'd lost the pigment courier's
trail. She took a deep breath, and crooned a note that deepened in
complexity. The shadows in the comers of the room gained depth,
then congealed and resolved into two human figures in front of her,
one with a gun pointed squarely at the other's head.


Nothing personal," said the one with the gun, and fired

Kate watched the blood and brains spray out into the patterns of
the stain on the floor and wall. She stepped closer to the shooter,
memorizinghis face ashe stood there, frozenin the momentof the vision

Stories hold that ghosts see and know things that the living
cannot perceive; this Horror gives characters the means to do so,
allowing them limited glimpses into the past and future. A ghost or
projected soul has already stepped outside the normal frame of life
and death, and he hasa greater understanding of the events that lie
beforeandafterher currentplace in the flow of time. She callson the
universe for answers, and such is the power of her voice that the
universe must respond. At low levels, the character cannot ask
specific questions and can only hope for a glimpse of major
forthcoming disasters, or fora vision of the immediate past. Greater
control and higher expenditures of Vitality allow a character to gain
specific answers to questions spanning decades. The questions must
be abouta specific person or artifact, however, and cannot be about
such major things as countries or organizations (like Orpheus
Group), or vague queries like "tell me about Orpheus." A vision of
the past may be precise and detailed, showing what actually
happened; a glimpse of the future may be a set of cryptic ima
showing separate actions or split-second decisive moments, which
may well be hard to interpret. Only the character herself sees these
visions, however much she may wish to share them with her
colleagues. Haunters may not take this Horror

System: The character may see into the past of her imme-
diate vicinity, or into the future with relation tospecific potential
events. The effect lasts for several turns equal to (Vitality
expended + 1); ifthe ghost or projector spends zero vitality, then
the effect lasts for a single tum

Zero Vitality:
One Vitality:
Two Vitalit

Three Vitalit
Four Vitality:
Five Vitality:

Field of e
Field of
Field of

The number of successes rolle

Past — The ghost or projector se

the Horror. Future

of that event.
Two Successes:

what is said. Future

Three Successes:

a blurred version of ev
She perceivesa single event that will take place, but might not perceive the contex'

Past — The ghost or projector clearly sees e

Envisioning the past is comparatively simple, though possi-
bly traumatic, especially in such matters as watching the murder
ofafriend. Seeing the future ismuch more complicated. Afterall,
the future isn't fixed... what the character sees is a probable
future, or worse, futures, based on the current state of affairs and
the people who will create that potential eventuality. She may
perceive an image ofa particularevent, orsetofevents, orshe may
see a cryptic image like a lamb being devoured by a flock of
bloody-beaked crows. Characters cannotalways be certain what
causes the event they see, either; sometimes they can act through
the best of intentions, trying to terrify someone into inaction or
making sure a friend stays at home, only to discover they created
the very event they foresaw. ...

Example: Kate attempts to focus her perceptions on the next day
She sees a gun pointing at her student's head; she can see that clearly,
just as she can see the expression of sheer terror on her student's face.
A surgical mask hides the gunman' sidentity, buthis poses professional.
A click echoes through her vision as the assailant cocks the trigger
"Talk," he says. "When did you last see Ms. Dennison and her
friends?" The image begins unraveling into threads of silver, and she
struggles to hold it together long enough to see the student's answer.

The Vitality spent when using the Horror governs how long
the vision lasts, and how far the character can extend her
perceptions into the past or future.

Forebode snaps directly to the precise event, omitting
stages along the way.

Benefit: For one Vitality, the characters can lend her
expertise with this power to a compatriot, granting him the
benefit of her insight into the past and future, and lowering
the difficulty of actions by two. For the beneficiary, his focus

ct extends up to one hour in either direction (past or future) and lasts for one turn.
fect extends up to one day in either direction and lasts for two turns.
effect extends up to one week in either direction and lasts for three turns.
Field of effect extends up to one month in either direction and lasts for four turns.
Field of effect extends up to one year in either direction and lasts for five turns.
Field of effect extends up to ten years in either direction and lasts for six turns.

on Perception + Empathy (difficulty 6) determines how precise the character's vision
of the past may be, or how much she gleans from her glimpse of the future.

nts directly in front of her for the duration of

ents from the angle at which she is standing, and dimly hears
nt event, together with some context to that event.
Past—Thecharacterclearly seesand hears what transpired, from the angle where she isstanding. Future-

She sees an event relevant to the question on her mind, whether she realizes it is relevant or not.

Four Successes:
from different angles. Future — She
clearly

Five Successes:  Past—The ghost or projectors

watch from any angle she desires. Future

and hears precisely what happened at that plac
the "main action" to examine the background. This is a full replay of the relevant event, which she may

Past—The character clearly seesand hears what took place, and she may move around to watch theaction
the probable future (and at least one possible alternative future)

and may look outside

She has a clear vision relevant to the question on her mind,

or— if there are several possible directions that the future could take —she sees the nexus point on which

these futures depend.


nore -oOoR
STORYTELLERS

It is difficult to juggle a character who can see
portions of the future without making the players feel
railroaded. Asa consequence of this, it must be empha-
sized that Banshees do not see a definite future set in
stone. They see what is probable, given their insight
into human nature, the way people behave and — if
they're extremely successful or adept — they may see
some of the nexus points that may (or may not) result
in this particularfuture. Visions of the future, however,
are rarely fully clear, are often cryptic, and might never
happen. Characters who use this Horror must realize
how uncertain the future is and how easily itis changed.
Even the most powerful of Banshees cannot see all
things. That said, Chapter Five: Storytelling the Dead
(see Future Sights, p. 259) includes a list of possible
future events when viewed by Forebode. This allows
Storytellers to offer players tantalizing glimpses of past
or future events without ruining Orpheus' story arcs,
or feeling completely blind to it.

suddenly sharpens and he can predict exactly how his power
would work, giving him a better idea of where to apply force
and impetus. The donor controls who is the beneficiary is,
though no actual contact is necessary. The effect is immedi-
ate, lasting only the turn, but may benefit anyone within
direct eyesight. If the recipient does not roll for his Horror's
effect within the span of a turn (ending when everyone's
action does) he loses the boon bestowed by this Benefit.

HAUNTER
HORRORS
INHABIT

Hoyt slipped through the Mustang's hood, his spirit form
diffusing itself throughout the muscle car, merging with it... pistons
for muscles, battery for a heart. With a thought, Hoyt turned his
ignition and flipped on his lights, thrilling to the V-8's throaty growl.
He caught the border guards flat-footed. Before they even thought
of drawing their guns, he was past the checkpoint, adriverless sports
car heading north on Interstate 5 at over 100 miles per hour. Hoyt
knew the San Diego run like the back of his hand. It would take the
police a couple of minutes to mobilize, minutes he could use to lose
himself on the city's surface streets.

The Haunters' Horror of choice, Inhabit, is most
probably the origin of the ghost-story trope of the haunted
house/car/dorm room/etc. A projector/ghost with this
Horror may suffuse an object with the gauze constituting
his spirit form, flowing through said object and essentially
becoming one with it. Once a character merges with
something, it becomes, for all intents and purposes, an
extension of his own being — a temporary "body" of sorts.
Therefore, the projector's or ghost's senses extend through-
out the inhabited object, and he gains conscious control
over all its component parts.

While inhabiting an item, a character may have it
perform any action that it normally performs. A microwave
still cooks food, a cell phone allows calls for help (with the
character's voice) and an automobile moves. The object,
however, isalso capable ofactions familiar toclassic hauntings.
The Haunter can cause doors of an inhabited house to close
and lock themselves, a chandelier in a ballroom to fall
unexpectedly and a mirror to shatter into pieces (or a broken
‘one to repair itself). Anything from generating ghostly foot-
steps in a house's hallways to making all the footlights within
a long-abandoned theater shine, then explode, is possible
through clever use of this Horror.

System: The projected entity or ghost may merge with
an inanimate object, effectively "possessing" it. There is
typically no dice roll required; Inhabit automatically as-
sumes the projector spent the Vitality necessary for an
object of that size (see chart). One spook may displace
another inhabiting an object, however, through the appro-
priate Vitality expenditure and his player's garnering more
successes on a resisted Willpower roll than his opponent.
This conflict is quite disturbing to those able to see it, with
both entities' distorted features rising partially out of the
contested object and falling back in upon their adversary.

Once a character has uncontested control of an
object, he may perform any function with it that he
would normally be capable of doing. A microwave oven
can still pop popcorn, even with someone inhabiting it.
He may also perceive anything around or within that
object as if it were his own body. Hence, a character can
see through a car's headlights like they were eyes or hear
anything said within that car's interior (or even imme-
diately adjacent to the vehicle). He'd even feel it if
another car sideswiped the one he inhabited. Finally, a
character in possession of an object may exert his own
Attributes and Abilities through that item as a means of
manipulation or attack. Thus, a house's front door r
swing open (or closed) violently with the character's
Strength + Brawl, or a getaway car's engine may stutter
and stall to foil a bank heist with a successful Manipu-
lation + Subterfuge roll.

ample: An agent of Terrel & Squib is rushing across the
parking lot of Orpheus' headquarters with an ill-gotten disk full
of vital cryonic cradle technology. Orpheus' chief Haunter,
Hoyt Masterson, is aware of the theft and uses Inhabit to merge
witha BMW convertible in the thief's flight path. Hoyt' s pla
John, rolls his character's Dexterity + Brawl to swing the car's
door out and stop the thief. Hoyt's Dexterity is 4 and his Brawl
is 2. Rolling his six dice at difficulty 6, John gets three successes.
Hoyt's Strength is 3, and Lucien, the Storyteller, tells John the
door itself will add an additional die of bashing damage, so John
rolls 6 dice, netting five health levels of damage. The door swings
out at full tilt, striking the thief who smashes through the car's
driver-side window. Hoyt may have retrieved the disk, but he's
still going to have to answer for damaging the VP of R&D's car.

Vitality spent determines the size of the object inhab-
ited through this Horror, as follow:


Zero Vitality:

The character may inhabit
any small, hand-held object, like a cell phone or pistol.
One Vitality: The character may pos
any object no more than two feet square in size — a

microwave or personal computer, for instance.

Two Vitality: The can control any
item approximately human size, from a motorcycle to
a bookcase

Three Vitality At this level of expendi-
ture, a character may inhabit any object up to the size
of a large SUV, be it a high-performance automobile
or a large generator.

Four Vitality: The character can inhabit
large mobile objects or small structures at this level,
like a battle tank or a standard house.

Five Vitality: The largest structures a
single entity can inhabit at this level include a richly
furnished mansion or a standard airline

While inhabiting an object, a character may exert his
will over that item to bring about more specialized effects,
rather than just lashing out with it. To do so, the player
rolls his character's Stamina + Crafts, comparing the
results to the following:

One Success: The character may exert
himself from within an object to produce some
minor, but terrifying special effect. With a single
success, it is possible for a ghost to create disembod-
ied footsteps in a deserted hallway or strange voices
over a phone, or even leave "handprints" visible on
the inside of a mirror's glz

Two Succes ith two successes, the
projector or ghost may power a device himself with-
out any external source. For the duration of a scene,
a character could easily power a computer left un-
plugged or even operate a car without gasoline.

Three Suc With a third success, a

aracter may actively harm the host object through
an exertion of will. He may cause a computer's hard
drive to lock up, a copier to jam or even a car's brake
line to sever itself.

Four Successes At this level of success, a
character intuitively understands the function of all
components within his artificial "body" and may
endeavor to make repairs on the device or vehicle
from within. Roll Intelligence + Crafts or Technol-
ogy (whichever is appropriate). The character can
even effect impossible repairs through Inhabit, so a
car's broken headlights might regrow themselves
from their shattered remnants or a crumbled fender
straighten itself. Such repairs are permanent.

Five Successe At this point, the charac-

may make dramatic physical alterations to a host
object. He could brick up a house's windows, ma-
nipulate a stairway's banisters as tentacles, or bring a

marble statue to life and attack (remember, these
items still possess only the Strength of the projector
inhabiting them — though the marble fists of a
statue might add 1 to damage, for example, and the
result may be lethal; the Storyteller is the final
arbiter in such situations).

The Haunter is relatively immune to damage di-
rected at the item. Each turn someone successfully
targets and harms the item being possessed, the Haunter
loses a point of Vitality. The car can be on fire, and the
Haunter still only suffers that one point.

Uses of Inhabit typically last a scene, though a ghost
or projected entity may spend a point of temporary
Willpower to extend possession for an additional scene
Through repeated uses of this Horror on the same
object, a Haunter may build up a familiarity with that
item. Such a favored item may be inhabited indefinitely
and requires one fewer Vitality be spent to initiate the
possession (or one success fewer to elicit a specific
effect; Storyteller's discretion). A Haunter may have as
many favored items as he has dots in Willpower.

Benefit: For a point of Vitality, the donor can
effectively delay the beneficiary's Horror effect. Using a
process similar to what the character uses when inhab-
iting an object, the donor imbeds the recipient's own
Horror into the physical structure of a host object.
Unlike the donor's own gauze, the imbedded effect is
soon rejected by the object, with the effect immediately
manifesting once free. The donor may delay the onset of
the other Horror's effect from one to three turns, de-
pending on how deeply he plants the effect within the
structure of the host object. Area of effect Horrors
center upon the object they're imbedded within, whereas
blasts continue along their initial trajectories (thus,
they can aim down a hallway but cannot target indi-
viduals unless they happen to be in front of the blast as
it unfolds.)

WITCH'S NIMBUS

Kate's scream took out the Spectre with the hook, but it also
attracted the attention of a pack of Lost Boys that were now dragging
her down through sheer numbers. Suddenly, a bolt of electricity
struck one of the prepubescent Spectres in the chest, boiling away
its gauze. With a growl, the pack tumed to see a tall man
approaching with a swagger in his step. A bright-blue nimbus of
crackling electricity surrounded him. "That ain't no way t' treat a
lady," Hoyt drawled with a wink and a smile

Ghost stories abound with tales of spirits that glow
balefully in the dark, their bright outlines visible and flitting
between the headstones of cemeteries or gliding across fog-
shrouded moors. Perhaps this Horror is the basis of such
legends. With Witch's Nimbus, the character surrounds
himself with a radiant halo of flickering white fire or coruscat-
ing electricity. Thereafter, anyone who attacks or is attacked
by the character in hand-to-hand combat suffers damage from
her exposure to Witch's Nimbus.


Zero Vitality: Activating Witch's Nimbus
without Vitality expenditure produces either a small
ball of fire or a sparking electrical sphere. Each is about
the size and intensity of candle flame and may be used
to read by or to ignite flammable materials with which
it comes into contact. At this level, the Horror provides
no protection from attack.

One Vitality: A single point of Vitality
surrounds the character's form with either a sheath of
white flame or an arcing aura of blue-white electric-
ity. Anyone or anything coming into contact with
this effect takes one level of lethal damage. In in-
stances where the encompassed character strikes an
opponent in hand-to-hand combat, the character's
fists still do bashing damage. The power adds a level
of lethal damage in addition to the attack's normal
damage. The defender, if she can, soaks the two
attacks separately. The light emitted by this Horror
is great enough that Stealth rolls suffer a penalty of
one to their normal difficulty against those who can
see it.

Two Vitality: Atthislevel, the Witch'sNim-
bus surrounding the character grows in both power and
intensity. It now deals two levels of lethal damage to th
who come into contact with it, and Stealth rolls now suffer
two to their difficulty.

Three Vitality: By spending three Vitality,
the character becomesa veritable raging bonfire or crack-
ling dynamo. His slightest touch deals three levels of
lethal damage automatically, and all damage done in
hand-to-hand combat is now lethal. Also, the power of
the Witch's Nimbus is such at this level that the character
can hurl balls of fire or bolts of electricity to a range of 10
yards once every other turn. Ranged attacks made with
Witch's Nimbus use the character's Dexterity + Athletics
to determine success. The damage is the same as that
delivered by the character's touch.

Any Stealth attempts made against those who can
perceive the character now suffer three to their normal
difficulty. At the temperatures the character now generates,
his feet will scorch black any flammable materials he treads
upon, and he will typically set nearby materials alight and
trigger fire sprinklers (which won't affect him).

Four Vital With an expenditure of four
Vitality, the Witch's Nimbus blazes to even greater heights
of power. The character's fiery or electrifying aura not
only deals four levels of lethal damage to those in direct
contact with him, it now does one health level of lethal
damage to anyone within five feet of the character (burn-
ing her with ambient heat or leaping arcs of electricity).
The projector or ghost may now hurl flame or electricity
once per turn, still up to 10 yards away. His footsteps will
scorch concrete, and, if he's not careful, he'll end up ank'


deep in asphalt. The character is anything but incon-
spicuous, and any Stealth attempts against those capable
of perceiving him suffer a difficulty penalty of four. At
this level, however, the character's output of light
comes with a distinct advantage. Attacks against the
Haunter requiring vision to aim now suffer a penalty of
one to their difficulty.

Five Vitalit At this intensity, the
character's nimbus burns like a miniature sun or light-
ning strike. The Witch's Nimbus deals two levels of
lethal damage to all who come within 10 feet of the
character, and those who suffer the character's touch

® five levels. As before, all damage inflicted by the
character in hand-to-hand combat remains lethal. The
character may hurl fire or electricity up to twice per turn
toa distance of 10 yards (at a cost of splitting the attack
dice pool). The character's merest touch while at this
intensity can meltsteel or fuse sand into glass. Manifest-
ing physically while at this strength may have dire
consequences to the character's surroundings, so char-
acters should use caution and foresight. The spook now
shines as brilliantly as burning magnesium. It is impos-
sible for a character using Witch's Nimbus at this
intensity to conceal himself, so Stealth rolls always fail
against any who can perceive the character. Attacks
made on the character using standard vision to aim are
made with a penalty of two to their difficulty.

In addition, by concentrating and spending additional
Vitality, the character may generate an arc of electricity or a
gout of flame, directing it against opponents in combat.
System: By concentrating and spending Vitality, a
character using this Horror excites the ectoplasmic par-
ticles constituting the gauze of his spirit form. The
friction generates either intense heat or a tremendous
static charge depending on whether the character
bounces the particles off one another for heat or slides
them across one another to build up static electricity.
Effects vary according to Vitality spent, as follow
The effects of Witch's Nimbus last a scene.

Example: Hoyt, who paid four Vitality to activate his
Witch's Nimbus, wishes to blast one of Kate's attackers with
a bolt of electricity. Hoyt's Dexterity is 4, and his Athletics
is 2. John, Hoyt's player, rolls six dice (equal to Hoyt's
Dexterity 4 + Athletics 2) and achieves two successes,
hitting the Lost Boy square in the chest, and delivering five
levels of lethal damage (four for the Witch's Nimbus + one
additional success) before the creature's soak. If nothing
else, Hoyt now has the Spectre's undivided attention

Benefit: For a cost of one Vitality, a donor can
double the duration of a yoked Horror's effect. Thus, an
effect that was previously a "one shot" now lasts one
continuous turn, while an effect with a one hour dura-
tion now functions for two. To boost another Horror's
duration, the donor acts like a battery, powering up the
effect with glowing motes or embers that flow from his
outstretched palms into the beneficiary's gauze-form.

P OLTS AGEIST
HORRORS
HELTER SHELTER

The gunmen advanced on Samuel's collapsed body, eager to
inflict a brutal finale to their chase. Ben slipped through the wall and
concentrated on the machine shop's tools, impaling the immediate
implements around him with silvery cords of his own essence that
skittered from his fingertips like wasps. No time for subtlety; Ben
whipped his hands above his head, and the tools followed suit,
spinning around the room in a clumsy ballet of one-string puppets
and raining metal against the startled gunmen

If the angry ghost is a staple of the genre's yarns, then
Helter Skelter would be their Horror of choice. It enables
acharacter to grab objects through silvery strings of Vital-
ity that extend from his ephemeral fingertips and thread
their way into physical objects, regardless of whether the
spook manifests or not. The character may then dictate the
amount of control or force he wishes to extend through the
object to affect the living. Greater control means the
ability to manipulate some items with enough finesse to
write words with a pen (in this respect, the tethers are
unearthly fingers), while greater force increases the thrust
and power behind an object. The character may spear
multiple items with Helter Skelter, but this decreases his
control to the point that he can only throw items around
like a rock in a sling.

Of course, for mortals, they see only the objects mov-
ing of their own accord, unless the ghost or projected entity
is manifesting at the time. In this case, the silver strings
flitter intermittently in and out of existence. Projectors
and other ghosts, however, see the silver strings clearly,
though they cannot sever or affect them otherwise. Ban-
shees cannot take this Horror.

System: The character may manipulate physical ob-
jects within a 30-yard radius for a number of turns equal to
(Vitality expended + 1), as long as he can see the items in
question. That means a zero Vitality effect works for that
one turn (0 Vitality + 1). Upon grasping a physical object
through the silver tethers, the character can infuse it with
up to five Vitality, engendering a number of effects. The
base result at a zero point expenditure of Vitality is that the
character can instill the object with one die of both
Strength and Dexterity. This is automatic since the char-
acter can't manipulate any object without first imparting
it with some power and mobility. Every additional point
spent increases the effect by an additional die of Strength
or Dexterity, but not both. Thus, with a five Vitality point
expenditure, the spook manipulates it with a total of five
dots spread across Strength and Dexterity (not including
the one dot automatically assigned to each) as indicated
below, for six turns (5 Vitality + 1). If the character is
incapacitated or forced back into her body, however, the
tethers vanish and all objects simply crash to the floor.


Each point of Strength controls about four pounds
worth of material, enabling the character to manipulate it
within the 30-yard radius and hurl it for a distance of
(Horror Strength x 5) yards. The punishment it inflicts is
equal to the Horror's Strength in bashing or lethal damage
dice, depending on the implements being manipulated.
Books and chairs, for instance, inflict bashing damage,
while knives and screwdrivers would be lethal damage.
These dice are added to any extra successes achieved on
the hit roll, made using the Horror's Dexterity + Melee
(difficulty 6). Thus, if the character acquired three suc-
cesses on this roll (two more than he needed to hit), then
he would roll the Horror's Strength + 2 dice for damage.

If the character controls multiple objects, he loses one
dot of Dexterity per object (or group of objects) weighing
over four pounds (rule of thumb: Three to four small
objects like screwdrivers and knives count as one group of
objects). The spook cannot have less than one dot in this
Horror's Dexterity, which means there is a limit to how
many items he can wield. Thus, when the Horror's Dexter-
ity reaches one, the character cannot manipulate a pound
or object more. While swarming someone with these items
does not directly increase the Horror's damage or attacks,
it does have two effects: First, each item or group of items
decreases the attacker's difficulty to hit by one per object
or group of implements. Second, it confuses the targets,
penalizing them by increasing their difficulty to all actions
during the barrage by one per implement or group of

implements. Thus, it reduces the victim's likelihood of
successfully dodging, and thus potentially raises damage.

Example: Ben invests four Vitality into Helter Skelter,
creating a 4 dot effect with 3 Strength and 3 Dexterity (4 dots
plus the initial +1 to Strength and Dexterity). He then grabs
seven small tools (two groups of implements), which the
Storyteller determines will drop his Horror's Dexterity by
two, to Dexterity 1. He rolls the attack as per the Horror's
Dexterity + Melee. His difficulty to hit drops from 6 to 4 due
to the amount of objects flying through the air, while the
target may attempt to dodge, but with a difficulty penalty of
two to the roll.)

While this power doesn't affect living organic matter
(like flesh, fur or plants, which it cannot penetrate),
characters may use Helter Skelter to rip the gun from
someone's hand or manipulate their shoes to trip them.
The former, for example, requires a Disarm roll using the
Horror's current Dexterity rating + Brawl as an attack roll
with an increased difficulty of one. The latter is a Sweep
maneuver using the Horror's current Dexterity rating +
Brawl as an attack roll with an increased difficulty of two.
Any character trying to use this ability to manipulate a
firearm or access a computer terminal from across the room
may make their rolls as normal, using the Horror's current
Dexterity rating + the relevant Ability, but with an in-
creased difficulty of two.

Finally, characters may add or drop Vitality from an
effect, but they cannot regain lost Vitality. If they increase


Zero Vitality: One dot in Strength and
xterity; one turn of control

One Vitality: +1 dot to either Strength
and/or Dexterity; two turns of control

Two Vitality: +2 dots to either Strength
and/or Dexterity; three turns of control

Three Vitality +3 dots to eith

/or Dexterity; four turns of control

Four Vitality: +4 dots to either Strength

Jor Dexterity; five turns of control

Five Vitality: +5 dots to either Str

Jor Dexterity; six turns of control

r Strength

ngth

an effect, they need only pay the difference in Vitality and
increase the turns the power remains in effect accordingly.
Benefit: For one Vitality, the character may energize a
beneficiary's effect, adding a +2 Vitality boost to their Horror.
Theeffectisakin to feelingexcited aboutsomeone's presence,
that moment weall feel electrified around certain people, like
they were a fuse. The entity projecting this effect simply has
control over whom he "touches" in this manner, even though
no contact is necessary. The effect is immediate, lasting only
the turn, but it can be directed at anyone within eyesight.

conGe FL

The pallid apparition flitted through the doorway, slowly
coming to rest in the center of the wide chamber. As it slowed, what
passed for a muzzle on the creature's shadowy face jerked into the
air, from side to side and back again.

Shit, thought Ben. The god-damn thing smells me.

Benscanned his shelter, asmall nook, for something that
might pass for a weapon, but he was trapped and weaponless.
Fine, Ben thought. We'll do it your way, dead meat. He wasn't
one for backing out of a perfectly good fight, anyway. With
that, Ben turned toward the doorway, not so much hearing as
sensing the thing's approach. Closing his eyes, he folded his
hands together as though praying. The edges of his palms
shimmered, finally, coalescing into the shape of a revolver
congealed from his own gauze. It was a very large revolver.

"Let's dance!" Ben said and strode into the chamber.

The Poltergeist who learns to focus his rage becomes a
terrifying opponent, indeed. With a little practice he can
harness the potent energy of his volatile essence, forming
toolsand weapons made of his own gauze. This process, called
congealing, has saved many a spook's existence, for with its
secrets, a Poltergeist may never again be caught unprepared.
Moreover, it turns his own ghostly form into a veritable tool
shed, whereby anything the crucible needs might be fash-
ioned on the spot.

This Horror enablesa character to mold real-world items
from his own gauze by spending varying amounts of Vitality.
The ghost or projecting soul can create up to two items with
Congeal, but cannot hand them off to others. The objects
exist in (orin place of) the creator's hand through force of will,
and remain part of him regardless their form. Anything "fired

at a target lasts long enough to make the flight and impart
impact damage, upon which the projectile dissipates. In
addition, objects created by means of this Horror are made of
life essence, and are thus tougher than the average example of
the item type. A congealed crowbar, for instance, would be a
very effective weapon (and nigh unbreakable).

Ordinarily, objects created through this Horror can affect
only other spooks. The exception to this occurs if and when
the character manifests. In this case, congealed objects appear
with him and may affect living beings and other real-world
objects as well, for as longas they last. The user may also create
items when manifesting. Banshees may not take this Horror.
System: To congeal an object, the player must roll
Manipulation + the appropriate Ability (difficulty 7), before
deciding how much Vitality to invest. The pertinent Ability
depends on what the character intends to create: Crafting a
sword or club, for example, requires a Manipulation + Melee
roll. A revolver requires Manipulation + Firearms. If Crafts
(something the character knows well) can represent the
Ability, then the difficulty is reduced by one since it represents
an innate understanding of the creation of the item in
question — an obvious benefit when it comes to crafting
plasm facsimiles thereof.

A congealed object lasts for the duration of the scene,
regardless of whether the scene is extended combat over two
hours or two turns. It disintegrates into viscid wisps of spirit
stuff when the user falls unconscious, when the scene ends or
when the character dispels the item.

The type and complexity of congealed weapons is deter-
mined and limited by the amount of Vitality invested in them
at the time of their creation. Without actually investing any
Vitality into the item, objects are simple extensions of the
character's own form. In addition, these zero-Vitality "tools"
inflict only bashing damage (regardless if the ghost/projector
has some other means by which his unarmed attacks inflict
lethal damage; the zero-Vitality effect is straight bashing
damage). Typically, all a viewer would see in this instance is
that a particular part of the character's body assumes a rough-
hewn look, as though his fist (or foot, or what have you) was
chiseled from stone rather than "flesh." In this cheap, but
effective way, spooks can harden their forms and thereby
inflict greater damage in unarmed combat.

Once Vitality congeals into an object, however, it
takes on a solidity and appearance of its own, and may
be used just as any normal example of the item type. It
is important to note that once an item is "finished"
(infused with all the Vitality it receives upon creation),
it cannot be changed or later reintegrated into the
character's form for its Vitality. It is, for all intents and
purpose, the genuine article — for as long as it lasts.
Greater Vitality also allows for greater damage poten-
tial, and a knife created with Congeal inflicts Strength
+1 lethal damage, just like any regular knife.

More sophisticated simulacra require greater Vitality,
and whileacharactercan createa "gun," the object has no real
moving parts. Instead, the bullets fly through force of will, and
would work just as effectively if the character conjured and
threw darts or fired arrows from a bow. Firearms come com-
plete with enough plasm ammunition for one 16-round "clip"


Zero Vitality: Hardened hand
Strength +1 bashing damage.

One Vitality: Small objects (knife,
lockpicks, "brass" knuckles, club, key, etc.); Strength
+1 lethal or +2 bashing damage; no projectiles.

Two Vitality Medium objects (sap, small
ax, short sword, darts, arrows, etc.); Strength +2 lethal
damage or +3 bashing; one-shot projectiles (darts,
shuriken, arrows), each of which costs two Vitality per
four shots.

Three Vitality
light revolver, heavy pistol, crowbar, etc.); Strength
+3 lethal damage, +4 bashing damage or five damage
dice pool; single shot firearm projectiles.

max.

> objects (large axe,

Four Vitality Large objects (rifle, heavy
revolver, shotgun, warhammer, etc.); Strength +4
lethal damage, +5 bashing damage or 8 damage dice
pool; 3-Round Burst possible for firearm projectiles.

Five Vitalit Large objects (bastard sword,
assault rifle, small machinegun); Strength +5 lethal
damage, +6 bashing damage or eight damage dice pool;
Automatic Fire possible for firearm projectiles.

per point of Vitality expended. Once this initial cache runs
out, the character can congeal additional clips forone Vitality
each, at a cost of one action. Bullets are the only projectile
capable of firing multiple rounds (where indicated) at higher
levels of Vitality. Darts, daggers, arrowsand the like do not use
the 3-Round Burst and Automatic Fire bonuses because of
their larger size (and thus greater Vitality expenditure).

In all cases, the projectile's range, whether thrown,
fired orset loose, is equal to Vitality spent x 5 in yards, using
the pertinent Traits required for such a weapon (like
Dexterity + Firearms/Athletics; difficulty 6). The weapon
cannot fire at double its range, however, because the
projectile will dissipate beyond the range indicated.

The character can also create and use nonviolent
tools, like a lockpick to pick a door, a crowbar to pry
open a box or a beam propped to the ground to keep a
door shut. All these are feasible, though using them
with any finesse (lockpicks, for example) requires a
Manipulation + (pertinent Ability) roll. Others simply
work as would a physical object.

Benefit: For one Vitality, the donor may strengthen a
compatriot's attack, adding an additional +4 damage dice to
the subsequent strike (if successful). The effect feels like
someone guiding the blow home, orin the case of supernatural
attacks, providing a boost to the power's potency. Only one
Vitality per turn may be spent on this Benefit, which assists
one attack, but contact is not necessary; it can be directed at
any target within sight. The donor must spend the Vitality
before the recipient makes the attack, but is the Vitality is not
ted if the attack misses; the "boost" is good until the
subject successfully strikes or the scene ends. The donor
cannot stack multiple applications of this Benefit; the benefi-
ciary must first expend this Benefit's boost in a successful
attack before the donor can empower her again.

SHINRIDER
HORRORS
PUPPETRY

Norsby slept on his back with a dark-haired dame cuddled
against him. They were both nude under the silk sheets. Chet
Mason sighed a bodiless sigh. Some sons of bitches had all the luck;
of course, a few billion dollars helped too

Mason leaned over Norsby and concentrated on the
silver threads of force running through the billionaire's body.
He wrapped his incorporeal fingers around a handful of
them, glared at the billionaire like he would at a slow recruit
and barked, "Up and at 'em, soldier!" — and he was in.
Norsby's body opened its eyes.

For amoment, Mason savored the feel of the sheets and
Norsby's companion against his skin, then he sighed again
and climbed out of bed. He'd spent a lot of his own energy
claiming the billionaire's body so completely. Mason had a
job to do and couldn't waste any time.

The dead can come back to usurp the bodies of the
living. Some traditions, like that of the Jewish dybbuk,
regard such possession with horror. Other traditions,
such as voudon, treat it as a sacred bond between mortals
and the divine. No ghostly power inspires more fear and
awe than Puppetry, for no Horror affects mortals quite
so intimately.

Unless a character materializes before attacking,
mortals cannot see Puppetry in action. At most, they see
the Horror's effects: A person shifts his stance, or speaks
with a different cadence; perhaps there's a stiff paus
while the spook takes over the body of her victim. Even
if someone gained the intuition that a different soul
lurked behind the eyes of a friend, family member or co-
worker... well, that's crazy talk.

Some spooks use Puppetry to experience life's pl
sures again. Others use it to torment people they don't
like. A Skinrider can ruin a person's reputation, his
credit rating, his family and friendships... or commit
murders that look like senseless suicides.

»meone employing Puppetry sees silver threads of
soul-stuff strung throughout mortal bodies. By plucking
a few of these strings, the spook can briefly impose his
willon the mortal in limited ways. Fora longer and more
complete possession, however, a character must clutch
at all the puppet-strings he can. From an otherworldly
perspective, a silver sheen ripples over the victim's body
at the moment of possession and a possessed person's
eyes shine silver for the briefest moment. Then, they are
indistinguishable from all the other mortals, even to a
spook's eyes. Wisps cannot take this Horror.

System: Puppetry requires a full action to use. The
character could split that action to perform other mun-
dane tasks, but not any other supernatural feat. The
player rolls Charisma + Leadership, with the target's
Willpower as the difficulty. The number of successes
gives the maximum length of time the ghost can possess
her victim:


Influence for one turn
Influence for one minute
Three Successes Influence for a scene
Four Successes: Influence for a day
Five or More Successes: Influence foranindefiniteperiod

The number of Vitality points invested in the attack limits
this maximum duration, however. A character can expend from
zero to five Vitality in a Puppetry attack; the effective number of
successes cannot exceed one plus the number of Vitality points
spent. Thus, a zero Vitality use of Puppetry cannot affect a target
for more than a single turn, while a two Vitality attack cannot
result in more than one scene of possession, no matter how many
successes the player rolls.

The Vitality expenditure also sets the degree of possession:

Puppetry cannot achieve
more than a brief, simple action by a victim who isn't
really paying attention. For instance, at this level the
character could make a walking victim step into an
alley, or a victim with a pen in her hand write I'M
GOING TO KILL YOU. The character cannot make
avictim park her car, get out and step into the alley, nor
stand up from watching TV to find a pen and paper to
write — those action sequences are too long and
complicated to achieve in one simple action. At this
basic level, as soon as a target recognizes he's done
something odd without meaning to, the target is men-
tally on guard. He becomes immune to further
zero-Vitality effects until he lowers his guard again.

One Vitality: The possessor can either
control one part of the victim's body as above, or
actually occupy the target's body. Either way, the char-
acter can induce simple actions only (equal to those
from zero-Vitality use of Puppetry) — but can attempt
such actions even when the target is on guard. Each
attempt still requires a separate Charisma + Leadership
roll to control the target for that turn, though. The
character shares all the victim's senses and controls the
host like a clumsy marionette, with an effective Dexter-
ity 1. Onlookers can see that something is very wrong
with the victim, while the victim knows something is
very wrong with himself. Since the character can
control just one part of the victim's body at a time, the
victim can try to stop the "invader" or scre:

(those folks who run around screaming,
sessed. .."? Well, maybe they are.).
Two Vitalit Acharacterenjoysfullcon-

will intruding on his own. By expending three Vitality,
the character can suppress as much of the target's con-
sciousness as she wants, leaving the target with gaps in
hismemory corresponding to the periods of control. The
possessor can use the victim's body without any further
effort, but cannot access any of the victim's Abilities or
memories. At any level, though, a Skinrider can always
opt to leave the victim conscious or merely "ride along"
fora while, leaving the victim in control. The character
uses her Dexterity or the victim's, whichever score is
lower.

Four Vitality: This enables full control of the target's
body and very limited access to his mind. Anytime the
possessor wants to draw upon the victim's memories or
Abilities, the player must roll Charisma + Meditation
(difficulty ofthe target's Willpower). This way, the character
can access one dot at a time — no more — of the target's
Abilities. Thus, a possessing ghost could give herselfone dot
of Linguistics, Brawl, Etiquette or any other Ability of the
target's but notall at once. The possessed character now uses
whichever Dexterity score is higher — the victim's or the
possessing entity.

Five Vitality: The character achieves
near-perfect possession. He can access any five dots of
the target's Abilities ata time, at will. Forexample: Chet
Mason's player expends five Vitality to possess a German
physics professor. At will, he can use the professor's three
dots of Science, plus one dot of Linguistics to understand
Germanandonedotleftoverforthe charming professor's
Etiquette. Mason couldalso acquire the professor'sknowl-
edge of Russian, but only by losing the Etiquette or
reducing his access to the professor's Science Trait.

The character also receives the victim's memories,
but just as mortals do not hold all their memories
consciously, neither do possessing spooks. The character
may be quite astonished to discover what she suddenly
"remembers." A spook can deliberately query the victim'
memory to learn about his past.

None of the Abilities or memories gained through
Puppetry endure after the possession ends. The charac-
ter remembers that she used to know Spanish,
knife-fighting or what happened at her victim's tenth-
birthday party. . . butnotany longer. Ofcourse, a Skinrider
can write down information that she wants to remember
after possession ends.

A possessing entity can try to upgrade his de

control by spending additional Vitality to reach the new
level. For instance, a Skinrider that spent two points of

trol of the target's body for as long as she actively Vitality to possess someone could expend three more
concentrates on making the victim act or speak. When points to gain access to the target's memories and training.
the character no longer concentrates, the victim re- Each time the character tries raising his level of control,
gains control of his body. The body's motions remain however, the player must roll Charisma + Leadership
clumsy and puppetlike, with a Dexterity of 1. again, which gives the victim another chance to resist the
Three Vitalit At the previous levels of possession and evict the Skinrider
Vitality expenditure, victims remain fully conscious. Puppetry affects only one living, mortal target at a
Zero Vitality attacks seem like puzzling, butmomentary time, and only one spook can control a body. One Skinrider

lapses; at one or two Vitality, the target feels an alien can try to evict another from a body, though. The would


be usurper must expend at least as many
as the possessor (using Dead-Eyes while attempting a
simultaneous p ion lets the character make a rough
estimate of how thoroughly a mortal is possessed: This
requires a Perception + Vitality roll at difficulty 8). Then
the usurper's player rolls Charisma + Leadership with the
possessor's Willpower Traitas the difficulty. Success means
the attacking entity drives out the body's current occu-
pant; failure means a waste of Vitality points.

A ghost or projector can still see other spooks when
he occupies someone else's body, and can recognize
other projecting entities. The reverse is not true: A
skinriding entity is not visible to other ghosts or projec-
tors. The victim's own soul acts like a "mask" to hide the
possessor. A skinriding spook, however, cannot employ
any other Horrors while in someone's body, nor walk
through walls, nor lend or steal Vitality. A Skinrider
can, however, expend Vitality to extend his Horrors'
Benefits to other characters.

A Skinrider can abandon a body any time she wants.
Knocking unconscious the host body also forces out the
possessor, except at the highest level of control. In that
case, the character must expend one more point of Vitality
when the victim goes unconscious to maintain control for
another day.

A rare few mortals knowingly allow spooks to time-share
their bodies. Inviting possession does not greatly change the
systems for Puppetry: The soul instinctively rebels against
surrender to another will. A mortal who wants a spook to
ssess her can attempt a Charisma + Meditation roll (diffi-
culty 6), however, andaddhersuccesses either tothe character's
successes or the Vitality expenditure to offset the cost of
possession. Most people require long practice or training to
assist much in their own possession.

Example: A Voudon worshiper invites possession by her
grandfather' s ghost. The Voudonist's player rolls three suc-
The Voudonist could add, say, two successes to the
Vi itality expended by the ghost (increasing the depth of posses-
sion) and use the remaining success to increase the duration.

At the Storyteller's option, spooks and mortals can
use Puppetry to exchange Abilities. This requires willing
possession at the deepest level. If both the character and
the mortal then expend a point of Willpower, they can
transfer one dot of an Ability from one character to the
other. The recipient still must spend experience points to
gain the Ability; skinriding merely enables the characters
to teach each other more quickly.

While possessing a person, the character remains
vulnerable to Vitality theft by other spooks and to the
spiritual attacks of Spectres. On the other hand, damage to
the host body does not harm the possessor's Vitality (or, in
the case of skimmers, echo back to their real bodies).
Actual death of the host body forms the lone exception: In
that case, the Skinrider suffers the loss of a Vitality point
(and one health level on a projector's real body) and is
expelled from the dying body.

Death during possession is an excellent way to make
another ghost, though. The dying host receives a Will-

s of Vitality

power roll (difficulty 11 minus the level of possession in
Vitality points) to persist as a new ghost. The Story-
teller may write up the new ghost as a full-fledged
Orpheus character, setting his Traits according to his
Shade, Lament and Nature, or simply give the ghost
Vitality equal to the number of Vitality points the
Skinrider invested in the possession.

Benefit: One spook cannot use Puppetry to possess
another. For one Vitality, however, the character can link
his mind to another member of his crucible who is within
sight and transfer some of his own mental acumen. The
recipient adds two dice to any Mental roll (one based on
Perception, Intelligence or Wits) involved in using a
Horror. The two characters also feel powerfully connected
to each other, like best friends or a long-married couple.
No actual information passes between them; this is com-
munion, not communication. Some spooks enjoy the
intimacy of "putting heads together," but others find it
profoundly disturbing.

JUGGERNAUT

Sansky revved the engine of his Lexus just as Chet Mason
burst from the stairwell. Mason ran as the Russian mobster
peeled out of his parking place, denting three other cars in his
haste. Sansky was too far away, though, and Chet was old.
Sansky would escape

The Hell you say! Chet silently screamed to himself. He
would not let this scum get away, and only his body was old. He
had to forget those limits. Mason's legs pumped and he ran twice
as fast as before, three times... he pulled past Sansky's car, then
turned. Chet grinned as Sansky gunned the Lexus at him. He
felt a puff of humid, tropical air; the dense green of Vietnam,
ghosts of memory, flickered between the concrete pillars and
ranked cars of the parking garage. Mason steeled himself, willed
his ectoplasmic body to feel no pain, then leapt straight at
Sansky. He crashed through the windshield at Sansky who
reflexively raised his arms. Mason felt the mobster's ribs break.
The Lexus swerved and smashed into the concrete wall of the
garage. The impact hurled Chet and Sansky back out the
windshield, smack against the wall.

After amoment, Mason rolled off the crumpled hood of the
car and gasped in pain. He suspected that he'd find one or two
of his own ribs cracked when he returned to his body. But
San: . the mafioski just lay quietly and bled rather alot. The

old soidier chuckled.

"Didn't wear his seatbelt," Mason said to himself.

Modern people often think of ghosts as insubstantial
phantoms or a vague "presence" who can barely nudge a
planchette about a Ouija board. They don't expect dead souls
to beat the crap out of them. The ghosts and projectors who
master Juggernaut, however, can display a quite unspiritual
forcefuiness — tipping automobiles, crushing bones, walking
through fires and striking faster than humanly possible. To
otherspooks, acharacteremploying Juggernautseems wrapped
in silver flame. If the character materializes and becomes
visible, mortals see a faint flicker of this moonlight flame, a
manifestation of the raw force behind the spook's driving will.
Wisps cannot take Juggernaut.


Systems: Characters trigger Juggernaut as a reflex-
ive act, which requires no dice rolls. The Horror directly
affects no person or object except the spook itself.

Juggernaut augments a character's physical prowess
in various ways. He can spend zero to five points of
Vitality on Juggernaut effects, receiving (Vitality + 1)
dots to spend on enhancing Physical Attributes:

¢ A dot applied to Strength simply increases the
character's Strength Trait by one.

¢ A dot applied to Dexterity grants an extra action
each Turn, without the need for splitting dice pools.
The character's actual Dexterity Trait does not change;
the character merely receives more opportunities to act.
Characters cannot split these extra actions further into
multiple actions. A spook can apply this Horror's extra
actions, however, to using other Horrors —for instance,
using the extra actions to make several attacks using
Helter Skelter — but such rapid Vitality expenditure
tends to limit itself.

© A dot applied to Stamina acts like one dot of
armor, canceling one health level of damage against
the character.

The physical enhancements last (Vitality + 1) turns.
Thus, a spook could spend five Vitality to gain, say, +2
Strength, two extra actions each turn and two points of
armor (six dots of physical enhancement total) for the
next six turns.

At zero Vitality expenditure, a character can gain
one dot in Strength, armor or extra actions. A spook
cannot keep Juggernaut running constantly, however,
not even at this low level. He must actively think to
maintain its effects. Storytellers should assume that a
character does not have Juggernaut running at the start
of a scene, until the player specifically states that the
character activates the Horror.

A character can end or reduce Juggernaut' physical
enhancements before they run their course, but the
spook does not recover any Vitality points for doing so.
also invest more Vitality into existing Jug:
naut effects. This increases the number of dots and
number of turns of physical enhancement per Vitality
spent. Under no circumstances, however, can a charac-
ter achieve more than six dots of enhancements through
Juggernaut. For instance, if a character spent three
Vitality points to gain +4 Strength, he could then spend
up to two more Vitality to gain +2 more Strength, two
extra actions each turn or two dots of armor, or one dot
in two separate enhancements — but no more, until this
use of Juggernaut runs its course. If a character insists on
spending more Vitality, he can continue raising one
enhancement, but at cost of lowering others. For in-
stance, the character could prematurely give up extra
actions to gain more armor.

This Horror is most obviously useful for combat
with mortals or other spooks. A spook can also employ

One dot in Strength, one extra action
or armor rating one for one tum.
Two dots in Strength, extra
tions or armor for two turns.

One Vitality: ac-

Three dots in Strength, extra ac-
tions or armor for three turns.

Two Vitality:

Four dots in Strength, extra
tions or armor for four turns.

Three Vitality:

Five dots in Strength,

Four Vitality x
tions or armor for five turns.

ac-
Five Vitality: | Six dots in Strength, extra actions
or armor for six turns.

augmented Strength for purposes ranging from moving
the furniture for a loved one to collapsing an enemy's
house. Extra actions enable a character to perform any
task more quickly — at zero Vitality, a ghost or project-
ing entity can do anything twice as fast the living. Armor
lets a character display even greater invulnerability to
harm than normal for their kind, without the need to
dematerialize.

Benefit: For one Vitality, the donor may lend some of
his physical prowess to a beneficiary who is within sight.
For the next turn, the recipient adds two dice to any
Strength, Dexterity or Stamina-based rolls used to deter-
mine a Horror's success. The donor actually throws some of
his silver aura to the recipient. When granting this benefit,
the donor feels a surge of tension and excitement like the
"sympathetic exertion" a sports fan feels when watching a
really good game.

WISP HORRORS
UNERRTHLY REPOSE

The two security guards were bored, but not at all
sleepy. One of them had been chugging gas station cappuccino
for the last hour, and while he might require a piss-break
sometime soon, he sure wasn't going to just doze off. Never
as easy as the movies, Blink thought. He sauntered up to the
guards and raised his hands in front of their faces, willing
himself to become visible. The guards fought it — Blink saw
their brains warring with their hearts while they tried figuring
out why they wanted to follow the glowing lights — but it was
a quick fight. Blink backed up, leading the guards slowly
away from their posts, while the other agents, still solid, crept
forth from around the corner. Follow the light, boys, Blink
thought. Nothing else to see.

The character has an allure that others can't help
but gravitate toward. A Wisp can use this power in
several ways, from becoming the life of a party (so to
k) to actually forcing onlookers to follow him.
When Unearthly Repose is active, the Wisp's gau
glows with an eerie, unearthly light. The light doesn't
necessarily grow brighter while becoming more compel-
ling, and it barely produces enough actual illumination
by which tosee. The light is barely noticeable unless the
Wisp is using the power to beckon an onlooker; if he is

spez

mah A ate

x,

simply making himself more charismatic and entranc-
ing, the light is present, but so faint that only someone
actively looking would spot it. To the Wisp, it feels as
though his own aura, essence or mere force of personal-
ity is reaching out to others and ensnaring them as if in
a net. Poltergeists may not take this Horror.

System: Unless the Wisp manifests, he can use Un-
earthly Repose only on other spooks. If the character
ppears to the living, however, both they and spooks are
affected normally. The character may activate Unearthly
Repose as a reflexive action at zero Vitality cost, but more
impressive displays of the power require a full action.

As stated above, Unearthly Repose causes the char-
acter to glow. Any character who sees the glow becomes
entra

First, the Wisp can use his supernatural charisma to
cajole and persuade anyone with whom he speaks; this
ids a number of dice equal to the Vitality spent to any
non-threatening Social rolls made during the scene. The
number of Vitality spent determines the strength of the
allure; low (zero or one point) expenditure indicates the
viewer simply finds the Wisp intriguing or attractive;
medium (two or three points) expenditure means the
character views the Wisp as a trusted friend; high (four
or five points) expenditure means the victim will not
refuse any reasonable request that the character makes
and, in fact, views the Wisp as a confidant or lover. This
application affects anyone looking at the character.

Second, the Wisp can use Unearthly Repose to
calm an agitated or angry onlooker. The light acts to
soothe the viewer, lulling her into a stupor if she stares
at the light long enough. In game terms, for each turn a
target looks at the glowing Wisp, her initiative rating
drops by one and she adds one to the difficulty of any
violent or strenuous action. This effect is possible only
if the player spends two or more Vitality on the Horror;
higher expenditures simply make it more difficult to
look away (see below).

Finally, the character may induce the effect for which
legendary will-o'-the-wisps are renowned (or feared) —
she may cause a target to follow the light no matter where
it leads. The amount of Vitality the player spends deter-
mines how long the power lasts and to what lengths a
viewer goes to follow it (see below). This power affects
anyone who can see the Wisp, Spectres included.

A Wisp can warn allies in advance that he intends
to activate the power but cannot vary its effects on given
viewers — all who see the glow are affected equally. A
viewer who is aware of what is happening can spend a
Willpower point and roll Willpower (difficulty 5 + the
number of Vitality spent on the Horror) to look away
and break the spell. This is true for all facets of Un-
earthly Repose. A target who successfully resists cannot
be affected by the same Wisp's use of this power for one
scene, unless the player spends additional Vitality.

The Horror lasts for one scene unless the Wisp
chooses to terminate it early. During that time, the
Wisp can undertake other actions, but loses two dice
from all pools while keeping Unearthly Repose active.

nced by it. This can have several effects.


The viewer takes a step

toward the Wisp but is not compelled any further.

One Vitality: The viewer follows the
Wisp slowly, and stops if distracted in any way.

Two Vitality: The viewer follows the
light, ignoring any audible distraction but stopping if
touched or otherwise startled (a hand waved in front
of the face may be enough, at Storyteller's discretion).

Three Vitality: The viewer concentrates
solely on the light and stops only if struck.

Four Vitality: The victim follows the
light to the exclusion of all else. If someone physi-
cally stops the victim from following the Wisp, the
victim will fight to free himself. If the victim loses
sight of the Wisp, however, the effect weakens (the
victim may roll Willpower, difficulty 8, to regain
her senses).

e Vitality: The victimcontinuesfol-
lowing the Wisp to exclusion of all other concerns,
including personal safety. If stopped, she fights to
free herself to follow the light. Even if she cannot
see the light, she walks in its general direction until
the Wisp chooses to terminate the effect.

Benefit: The Wisp can use his allure to boost the
effectiveness of any character's Social Horror. This
costs the character one Vitality and adds two dice to any
one Horror using one of the Social Attributes (Cha-
risma, Manipulation or Appearance). For example, the
Wisp could add this benefit to the beneficiary's Fore-
bode Horror, adding a nimbus of light to the Banshee as
she employs her eerie voice. Unlike other applications
of Unearthly Repose, the intended target need not see
the beneficiary using the yoked Horror for said charac-
ter to enjoy this Benefit. The recipient using the yoked
Horror glows faintly, much like the Wisp himself when
using Unearthly Repose, and feels a rush of confidence
and support from the Wisp.

STORM-WENDING

Blink rushed down the hallway, wishing he could dim the
light constantly playing around his hands. He was fairly sure
the T@S monkeys could see him anyway, but carrying two
flashlights didn't help his mindset. He rounded the corner
and came to a dead end. Glancing about helplessly, he
realized that even if he walked through the wall, he might not
have enough strength to deal with whatever was in the next
room. The two goons rounded the bend and adjusted their
goggles before raising their weapons. "Okay, guys," Blink
raised his hands and dug them into the cracks in the universe
lothing up my sleeve." They fired. He vanished

As they were wondering whether they'd destroyed him
completely, he slipped through the door behind them and out
of the building

This Horror allows the Wisp to perceive tiny fis-
sures in the Stormwall, and to move through those

fissures almost instantly. In effect, the character teleports,


taking advantage of the strange effect on time that
seems to occur in these cracks. Unlike true teleportation,
which would be instantaneous, Storm-Wending takes
place over a matter of seconds. Still, this Horror is
invaluable for escaping tight situations, getting the drop
on opponents or convincing targets they're dealing with
more than one spook.

When a Wisp uses Storm-Wending, she feels as
though she is digging her fingers into the very fabric of
reality. Some ghosts liken the sensation to dipping their
fingers into boiling water and then immediately into ice
water, but projectors don't feel anything so dramatic.
Indeed, sleepers and skimmers feel nothing but a slight
shiver while passing through the byways. Others who
observe this effect see the character grow impossibly
thin and then ooze into her surroundings, only to flow
outward at another point. Poltergeists may not take this
Horror.

System: The character may transport herself nearly
instantly from one point to another. The distance is deter-
mined by how many points of Vitality the player spends.
Using Storm-Wending is a full action; no other actions are
possible during a turn in which a character employs this
Horror. The character, however, may continue using it over
multiple turns, as long as the player continues spending any
necessary Vitality.

Vitality expenditures as they relate to distance are as follows:

Zero Vitalit The character transports
herself alone and moves only a few feet away. The
character may use this facet of her power to augment
a dodge; the character doubles her Dexterity when
dodging through use of this Horror.

One Vitality: The character may trans-
port herself up to 10 yards away.

Two Vitality: The character may trans-
port herself up to 100 feet away.

Three Vitality: The character may trans-
away (if her destination is

port herself up to 100 yard
outside her line of sight, she must be familiar with the
destination to appear there).

The character m:
anywhere within a 1,000-foot radius of her current loca-
tion, provided she has seen the destination once before.

Four Vitality: y appear

Five Vitalit The character may appear
anywhere within a half-mile radius of her current
location, provided she has seen the destination at least
once before.

By spending three or more points, the Wisp may affect
other characters as well as (or instead of) herself. At three
Vitality, the Wisp can transport up to two people; at four,
she affects three; at five, she affects five including herself,

if she goes alon; , it's five other people. When
transporting multiple people, the maximum range of the
power is 100 feet, regardless of the Vitality expended.
Others traveling via Storm-Wending feel cold and raw
afterwards, as though momentarily caught in a vicious
rainstorm while naked.

Example: Backed against a wall by Spectres, Blink decides
the crucible is better off running away to fight another day. He
can affect five people at maximum; lucky, since his crucible has
five members, including himself. His player spends five Vitality,
and the crucible disappears into the interstices between the
Stormwall and the world, reappearing outside the haunted
house (fortunately, the back door was only 100 feet away)

Ghosts and projecting entities cannot use Storm-Wend-
ing on living targets; it functions only on spooks. Ifa Wisp
wishes to use the Horror on an unwilling target, both the
player and the target roll Dexterity + Intuition (difficulty
7); the player must equal or exceed the target's successes to
affect her. Normal rules about destinations apply when
transporting others; a Wisp can't simply send a target
"away" —she must specify a destination she has personally
seen within 100 feet.

Characters using Storm-Wending to travel within line of
sight may travel in any direction, including straight up. Since
the character can use this Horror over successive turns, it is
possible to "fly" using Storm-Wending, provided the charac-
ter spends Vitality each turn. If the character does not wish to
spend Vitality, remember he is moving only approximately
five feet per turn, and likely falls at least a foot before the next
application of Storm-Wending begins. This means the char-
acter ascends at roughly one foot per second, blinking in and
out of visibility all the whil

Remember too that since the character can commit to
no other action on a turn when using Storm-Wending, it
isn't wise to appear directly in front of an opponent in
combat. It is possible to appear in an advantageous posi-
tion, however; a player using Storm-Wending to position
her character well in a fight may roll Perception + Alert-
ness (difficulty 6; this roll is reflexive) and add the number
of successes to the character's initiative rating next turn.

Finally, under no circumstance can the character
reappear with a solid object inside an opponent, or teleport
the opposition into solid mass.

Benefit: The Wisp can lend her control ‘and percep-
tions of space (as well as her unusual relationship with
time) to another character momentarily, allowing the
recipient to take the greatest advantage of position, timing
and Vitality on a yoked Horror. Focone Vitality; thedonior
may bestow upon a beneficiary a glimpse of the byways,
allowing her to derive the most from her Horror. The
recipient's player may re-roll any two dice on the Horror
roll, provided the roll did not botch. To the target, this
manifests as a sudden chilling sensation, followed by a split
second of perfect clarity.


John Carruthers watched from his car as the man — Steven something=
or=other — walked from the parking lot toward the building. He strode
past a pair of women outside on a smoke break; they paid no heed to
Steven.

John emerged from his car, leaving his body behind. Anyone looking
would think he was napping behind the wheel, and that was fine. He
followed Steven in, but since opening the door wasn't an option, he
simply walked through it. Moving through glass always felt cold, no
matter how many hands left oily little stains on it, no matter how
long a window stood in the sun... it always felt cold.

John was used to cold. Hospital floors were cold. The needles were
cold. Even the doorknobs always felt cold, like they had been
deliberately chilled just before he arrived.

He walked through the lobby invisible and followed the murmurs to
Steven's cubicle. He'd been here before with his crucible, gleaming what
information he could from Steven's files. There wasn't much. Steven
was the kind of guy who left his work at work, and his home life at
home. John smirked. No wonder he was confused.

Steven sat at his desk, typing away. John looked over his shoulder
and peered at the screen. It was pure gibberish to him — some spreadsheet
program for which he'd never had a uses he had always done the books
for his shop by hand. John tapped Steven on the shoulder. Please, let
him remember me this time.

"Yes?"

"Steven? Remember me? It's John Carruthers." Pause. No recognition.
"Blink."

The blank looked lasted another few seconds, and then something
inside Steven woke up. "Oh, yeah, Blink. The name's really John, huh?"

John smiled. The smile was artificial, but winning enough that Steven
saw him as a dear friend. "Yeah."

Steven had the look of a man at a high school reunion, unsure of
who he should recognize and why. "So, what's up?"


John nodded over the cubicle wall. "So, the thing is, man, I was
talking to the receptionist out there. What's her name?"

Steven smiled with a sheepish twinkle. "Beth."

"Yeah, Beth. I was talking to her about you. You know she says that
if she had it to do over again, she'd have accepted that date you offered
her?"

Steven's eyes grew a little wider.

"She never really thought of you as anything but a co-worker, and
I think you took her by surprise a little."

"Maybe I should ask her again?"

Blink shook his head. Now was the hard part. "No. I think she's seeing
someone now. But she respects you, and she does find you attractive."

"Oh, yeah?" Steven grinned as though he'd just received a raise and
a blow job at the same time. Blink was a performer, not a con artist,
but he knew when to let the mark have his moment. Everybody has their
time in the sun, from the guy backstage who works the mirrors to the
little girl volunteering from the audience. Steven had a crush on Beth
that went back more than a year, and she'd shot him out of the saddle.
Hearing that she regretted it — and, more importantly, that she felt
he was worth the time of day — was probably better news than Steven
had received in years.

It was bullshit. Beth hadn't even attended Steven's funeral. But he
didn't need to know that. Hell, he didn't even realize he was dead.

Another of Steven's co-workers passed by the cubicle's opening and
shivered, not from actual cold, but from the presence of ghosts. Blink
saw it all the time — he induced that shiver, and he wasn't even dead
yet. Idly, he wondered if hospitals were really cold or not.

The thought snapped him back to the matter at hand. John watched
as the colors on Steven's clothes grew a little brighter. In an instant
he became a bit more alive, and a bit further from life, as one little
chain dropped away, one less chain to keep him here. Qne more and he'11
probably disappear entirely, thought Blink. Gan't have that, not yet.

"So, Steven," he said. "I understand you changed the password on the
accounting software right before you...asked her out?"


CHAPTER THREE:

See

CHARACTER

=

-REAT1ON

a,

& ~— © sai
Welcome to Orpheus. Hope you survive the
experience. SS a a cat Stee
ci — Typical' greeting for newbies
Natalie: What's the last thing that you do

remember? *
Teonara Shelby: My"witet eae

Natalie: That's sweet. —
Leonard Shelby: ...dying. ~~ <™

To play Orpheus, you must first create a character,
an alter ego through which you interact with the game
world and take your part in the story. Your character is
like a protagonist in a novel or movie, except that when
the story ends you move on to the next adventure, and
the next. Your character grows while you play her,
possibly becoming something you never expected.
This chapter describes how to create an Orpheus
character, beginning with a general concept and trar
lating that idea into the Traits and statistics used in the
game. These numbers are not particularly inspiring or
thought-provoking — it's hard to evoke a compelling
image when stating: "My character has four dots in
Charisma." But these numbers serve as a starting point
to help you define your character's strengths and weak-

nesses in objective terms. These numbers will also serve
when you need to determine if your character's actions
ful or not. A manipulative character, for
instance, will have a better time persuading the cop to
let him go about his (rather questionable) business late
at night than someone who isn't manipulative.

It's best to create a character with assistance and
supervision from the Storyteller. When you know what
the game you'll participate in is like, you can more easily
design a character who fits in. In fact, it's best to discuss
with the other players and Storyteller what they expect
of the game so everyone's characters can fit together
without much fuss.

TRAITS

When you set out to create your character, you
should have a general concept in mind: Where he lives,
how he grew up, what he loves and hates, etc. These are
what make each character truly alive and unique. To
play the character, however, you must first give them
Traits. You can't decide your character is intelligent and
a fast thinker without assigning dots to Intelligence and
Wits, and he can't be devastatingly handsome if you
don't put any dots into Appearance. You should assign
Traits in a manner supporting the character's concept
and intended role — a smooth talker should have
Charisma or Manipulation along with Subterfuge, to
make him useful when the group needs someone to fast-
talk their way out of a situation. On the other hand, he
may rely on a companion for heavy-duty physical work
(like combat).

Traits are described in numerical terms, with ratings
from one to five dots (Vitality, Spite and Willpower are
exceptions, running up to 10 dots). Each rating repre:
sents the character's capability in that particular Trait.
s might give a
movie or restaurant — no dots at all is abysmal (or, in
some Traits, even subhuman), while five is legendary

are succe

Trait ratings are similar to scores criti

(probably the best in the world), with one to four dots
ranging between. These ratings are very important when
it comes to rolling dice (see Chapter Four for specifics).

GETTING STARTED

Orpheus character creation is based upon five basic
concepts. Keep the following in mind when creating the
character you want to play.

© Youcan make a character from any nation, of any
age and from any cultural background, subject to the
Storyteller's approval. All characters, however, begin
the game as new recruits who have only recently been
hired by The Orpheus Group (though Storytellers may
certainly change this approach). They know little about
the twilight world they've entered, other than what
Orpheus told them.

is de:

© The character creation proce: igned to help
you define your persona and provide you with the means
for that character to work within the rules. This does not
mean the numbers are more important than the con-
cept; your character's Traits should support and
strengthen your concept. The only way you can truly
bring the character to life for yourself, the other players
and the Storyteller is through roleplay. Keep that in
mind when designing your character.

¢ The Orpheus character creation system is point-
based: You (the player) receive points to apply to each
part of the character (Attributes, Abilities, Advan-
tages). After assigning these points, you receive a pool of
bonus points to further personalize and round out your
character. Note that even with bonus points, you prob-
ably won't have enough points to purchase everything
you want. This is fine. Your character will grow as you
play him over time.

¢ A Trait of one is poor while a Trait of five
distinguishes your character as among the most accom-
plished in her field. If you have one dot in an Ability,
your character is inexperienced or simply not very good
at it. This doesn't mean your character is useless just
because she has one dot in Strength. Instead, consider it
an opportunity to further flesh out your character — a
one dot Trait can be as defining as any five dot Trait.

© It is very important to create a character that fits
into the group. You can't expect the other players to
tolerate someone who just won't mesh or work with the
crucible. If your character's behavior disrupts a story, the
Storyteller or other players may ask you to modify how
you play or to create a new character who will fit in
better. In the often dangerous world of Orpheus, mis-
sion success (as well as survival) often depends on a
group's ability to cooperate.


common TRAITS AHOTERMS

Orpheus characters comprise the following Traits:
Name: The character's name.

Player: The name of the player portraying the
character in
question. In all
likelihood, that's
you!
Chronicl
Aseriesoflinked

Kano: Katuret
stories hid Playert Demeanort
stories in which BAe Reser

the character
participates.
Your Storyteller
will provide you

Physioal

Strength,
Dexterity

20000
e@0000
9000

Sooial

refer to a collection of three other Traits. Horrors refer
to the supernatural powers a character possesses as a
result of her ghostly nature. Stains refer to physical
manifestations
of a character's
inner darkness
Backgrounds de-

fine the

character's ma-
cesar terial assets and
Rolet

social network.

Vitality: A
measure of your
character's spiri-

5 Men!
€0000 Perception.
©0000 Intelligence —
20000 Wis.

0000
20000

00000
00000
00000
00000

ity — who she is

deep down.

Streetwise

i F ABILITIES tual strength and
with the name of ee esa ae Sai
the chronicle. -00000 Ke 00000 Academics ‘00000 alth.
00000 00000. Bureaucracy 00000 Willpower:
Nature: 00000 00000 Computer. 00000 ip e
‘ 00000 00000 En -00000 This ‘crait ‘re-
Your character's 00000 00000 GG000 l
"enue" 00000 o0000 0000 flects your
true" personal- —00000 00000 00000

character's inner

inguistcs
Medicine.
Occult

—00000
00000
00000

——00000

00000
00000
00000
00000

drive and desire

Subrerfuge__

—00000

Demeanor:
The personality

Baokgrounds
your character a 00000
00000 __
presents to the 00000
(00000

world.

Shade: Your
character's
Shade reflects
her overall ap-
proach to the
world and the

00000

Default Abilitios
Daal Eyes (Cheer Top
Dane Nace Gag (Chater Thee 7148)
Ioccaemel& lovable (Chater Two 9. 82
Mani (Cher Two 5.82)
MieyLovesConiguey(Chagecr Tacs. 149)
Serve Line (hater The. 150)
Sever the Sol (Chapter Thee 7150)
Thievery (Chater The, 151)

powers she de-
rives from it.
Lament:
Your Lament
identifies what
type of being your character is, whether a living projec-
tor (skimmer and sleeper) ora dead ghost (spirit or hue).
Role: Your character's profession or lifestyle leading
to her current condition.

Attributes: Attributes define your character
born aptitudes and potential.

Abilities: Abilities are those proficiencies your char-
acter possesses intuitively or has learned.

Advantages: A catchall term for the numerous
benefits a character has over "normal" folk. Advantages

00000

Vitality
0000000000

Widpower
0000000000
oooo0000000
spite
0000000000
oooooooooo

Are

ORPHEUS

to succeed at

00000

00000 #
s she under-

Stains

90000
00000
00000

00000
00000

Spite: A

e088 —————bosos measure of your
"00000 [ee ;
ERS : {24 character'sinner
Health A rage and hatred.
Bruised o Wy = _
Hurt io Woy Health:
Injured 1o The Health trait
Wounded 2 fees
Mauled 20 } measures how
5 oO \an* ie
a : much physical
| injury the char-
low
) acter has
{ suffered.
Default
Abilities: Those

powers naturally
inherent to all Shades and Laments. Those found in
Chapter Two (pp. 82): Incorporeal & Invisible, Manifest
and Dead-Eyes. Those in this chapter (pp. 148-151):
Detect Nature Group, Misery Loves Company, Sense Life-
line, Sever the Strand and Thievery.

Experience: You live, you survive (maybe even die)
and you learn. This represents how much you've learned
upon becoming a ghost or learning to proje
characters begin with their experience Trait at

can use accrued experience to later buy new Traits.


ROLE INCHARRACTER
CREATION

Asthe Storyteller, youshould guide your players through
character creation. When your players arrive for the first
session, discuss the game's basic premise and themes (specifi-
cally those you wish to explore). It's helpful to write a style
sheet, a document that describes where you'd like to start
and where you'd like the chronicle to progress over time
(youdon't have to reveal your actual plans forstories, simply
offer guidance on the kinds of adventures you want to run).
Ifany player is unfamiliar with Orpheus, spend time guiding
him through the setting and rules basics. You don't need to
bringthem up tospeed on everything (anew character won't
know much more than the new player does). Try to keep
matters as simple as possible and give the players room to
discover the system's intricacies on their own.

First, give the players each a character sheet and give
them a minute to look it over and ask questions. Then,
explain the character creation process step by step; give the
players time to inquire about matters and answer them as
clearly as possible. A little patience in the beginning will
spare you from frustration and misunderstanding later on. Be
sure to explain what the Traits mean and how they define a
character's abilities.

Before players create their characters, discuss the kind
of group they'd like to play and which role each character
might fulfill. It's not necessary to think about it in terms of
"one member of each Shade" or "we need a wheelman."
Consider what the characters will do in the group and why
they joined together. Encourage the players to give their
characters hooks to bind them as a unit.

Spend the entire session creating characters... don't
rush the players. Give them time to make complete, flesh-
and-blood (well, as flesh-and-blood as a ghost can be)
characters with personalities, goals, hopes and dreams. You
don't want undeveloped caricatures. Once players finish
creating their characters, spend the remaining time running
their preludes. A prelude is a short session with the player,
relating the story of her character's life up to the present,
including family life, important events and her entry into
the world of spooks. Preludes will be your players' first

exposure to your chronicle, so make them memorable and
interesting. Once you've run all the preludes, run a prelude
for the group as a whole, an occasion that brings the
characters together and gives them a reason strong enough
to forge a more lasting bond between them. You can find
more information on preludes later in this chapter.

FODITIONAL
COncERNS

In addition to the above, there are three other matters to
keep in mind while creating your character.


CHARACTER CREATION
PROCESS

© Step One: Character Concept

Choose role, Shade, Lament, Nature and Demeanor.

Record Lament traits.

© Step Two: Select Attributes

Note that all Attributes start with one dot auto-
matically before you assign any dots.

Prioritize the three categories: Physical, Social, Men-
tal (6/4/3)

Rate Physical Traits: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina

Rate Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation, Ap-
pearance

Rate Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence, Wits

© Step Three: Select Abilities

Prioritize the three categories: Talents, Skills,
Knowledges (11/7/4)

Select Talents, Skills and Knowledges.

No Ability may be higher than 3 at this stage.

© Step Four: Record Advantages

Record Automatic Shade Horror

Select Backgrounds (2 standard + 2 Orpheus; when
applicable)

Select Stains (3)

© Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record starting Vitality, Willpower and Spite (as
determined by Shade + Nature)

Spend Freebie Points (15)

Vitality can never exceed nine with most characters
and seven with hues.

SHAOES

¢ Banshee: Oracles who possess a natural insight
into the psychological and the metaphysical.

Automatic Horror: Wail

Prohibited Horror: Helter Skelter & Congeal

Vitality: 5 Willpower: 3 Spite: 0

¢ Haunter: Comfortable in a variety of environ-
ments and situations, these characters possess an innate
empathy for objects and locations.

Automatic Horror: Inhabit

Prohibited Horror: Forebode & Wail

Vitality: 5 Willpower: 4 Spite: 1

* Poltergeist: Embodiments of frustration and an-
ger who channel their rage into destructive outbursts.

Automatic Horror: Helter Skelter

Prohibited Horror: Unearthly Repose & Storm-
Wending

Vitality: 5 Willpower: 5

Spite: 2

© Skinrider: Natural leaders who revel in mental
and physical control.

Automatic Horror: Puppetry

Prohibited Horror: Currently Unknown

Vitality: 4 Willpower: 6 Spite: 2

© Wisp: Tricksters who weave deceptions with
charm and guile.

Automatic Horrors: Unearthly Repose

Prohibited Horror: Puppetry & Juggernaut

Vitality: 4 Willpower: 4 Spite: 0

LAMENTS

© Hue (Ghost) — Weaker ghosts created through
the use of the drug pigment.

Bonus: Hues can bring forth any of their three
Stains and use them without penalty for a single scene.

Weakness: Hues may never exceed their starting
Vitality rating and have a maximum ceiling of seven. A
character's starting Vitality rating may increase during
character creation through freebie points, but will never
increase using experience points.

© Skimmer (Projector) — Flesh and blood indi-
viduals who can project their souls from their body at
will.

Bonus: Skimmers regenerate Vitality ata rate of one
point per hour spent resting in their physical bodies.

Weakness: Skimmers must spend one Vitality point
per hour outside their body or suffer one automatic level
of bashing damage. Any damage inflicted onaskimmer's
soul causes bashing damage to his physical body rather
than Vitality rating even though skimmers can soak
damage better (difficulty 5). Additionally, skimmers
must purchase Meditation to project within a single
turn; otherwise, they need one minute to project.

© Sleeper (Projector) — Flesh and blood individu-
als capable of projecting their souls from their bodies
while kept in cryogenic suspension.

Bonus: Sleepers may shunt unwanted Spite points
into their physical body and dispense with it when
healing.

Weakness: Sleepers are unable to return to their
bodies until someone thaws them out and resuscitates
them. Sleepers, like skimmers, can regenerate Vitality
in the way that skimmers can only when back in their
revived bodies. Otherwise they do so as ghosts.

© Spirit (Ghost) — Naturally occurring ghosts
bound here by personal matters and concerns.

Bonus: Spirits possess five (5) additional freebie
points to spend during character creation or when
changing to this Lament.


Weakness: Spirits havea free-roaming Spectre nem-
esis hell-bent on destroying them and their lives. The
creature can be destroyed for a time, but it eventually
returns.

ARCHETYPES
(NATURE ANDO DEMEANOR |)

¢ Addict — You are hooked on something or someone.
Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3
Architect — You build a better future.
Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite: +1
© Autocrat — You need control.
Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2
© Avant-Garde — You crave the new and the exciting.
Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1
© Barbarian — Civilization is the crutch of the weak.
Vitality: +3 Willpower: +0 Spite: +2
¢ Bon Vivant — Existence is for pleasure.
Vitality: +3 Willpower: +0 Spite: +2
© Bravo — Strength is all that matters.
Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3
© Bumpkin—Commonsenseand practical wisdomare best.
Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1
¢Bureaucrat—Ruleskeeptheworldfromcollapsingintochaos.
Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite: +1
© Caregiver — You are a wellspring of compassion.
Vitality: +3 Willpower: +1 Spite: +1
© Celebrant — You exist for your own passion.
Vitality: +3 Willpower: +0 Spite: +1
© Child —Youdemand thatothersgive youwhat youwant.
Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3
© Competitor — You strive to be the best.
Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1
© Conformist — You follow and assist.
Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3
¢ Conniver — Brains over Brawn.
Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3
© Critic— Pointing out flaws makes it possible to comect them.
Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2
© Curmudgeon — Nothing is worthwhile.
Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2
© Dabbler — Easily distracted by new ideas and rarely

finishing any one thing.
Vitality: +3 Willpower: +1 Spite: +1
© Defender— Youstand guard over that forwhich youcare.
Vitality: +3 Willpower: +2 Spite: +0
Deviant — Youexist forno one's pleasure but yourown.
Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2

Director — You oversee what must be done.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite: +1

© Dreamer — You aspire to lofty heights.

Vitality: +2 Willpower: +1 Spite: +2

© Explorer — Life is a never—ending adventure.

Vitality: +3 Willpower: +1 Spite: +1

¢ Fanatic — The cause is all that matters.

Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1

© Follower — You look for someone else to take charge.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3

© Gambler — You play the odds in all things.

Vitality: +2 Willpower: +1 Spite: +2

© Gallant — You seek to be the center of attention.

Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1

© Grotesque — You delight in disgusting others.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3

© Judge — Balance, truth and justice are your quests.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2

© Leader— When you speak, you expect others to listen.

Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1

© Loner — You go your own way.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2

© Martyr — You suffer for the greater good.

Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1

© Masochist — You test your limits every day.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2

* Mediator — You always try to reach an agreement.

Vitality: +2 Willpower: +1 Spite: +2

© Mentor — You try to teach others.

Vitality: +3 Willpower: +1 Spite: +1

Monster — You are damned, so you may as well act like it.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2

© Pedagogue — You save others through knowledge.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2

© Penitent — You seek to atone for past acts.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite: +1

¢ Perfectionist — Nothing is ever good enough.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite: +1

© Rake — Reveling in the public display of the
illicit, the forbidden or disgraceful.

Vitality: +2 Willpower: +1 Spite: +2

© Rebel — You follow no one's rules but your own.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2

© Riddler — The truth is best obscured.

Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1

© Rogue — Those who can, win; those who can't,
lose. You can.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2


¢ Scientist— Any problem can be solved with logic
and deduction.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite: +1

* Socialite — The social whirl is both a battlefield
and a workshop.

Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1

© Survivor — You withstand anything the universe
throws at you.

Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1

* Thrillseeker — Life is not worth living unless it's
on the edge.

Vitality: +3 Willpower: +0 Spite: +2

¢ Traditionalist — Tried and true is the best way.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2

© Trickster — Laughter eases the pain.

Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1

¢ Visionary — You see the world for what it could
be, rather than what it is.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite: +1

© Wretch — You are worthless.

Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3

HORRORS

¢ Congeal — The power to create weapons from
one's own gauze. Requires Helter Skelter.

* Forebode — Allows the user to gain limited
glimpses into the past and future. Requires Wail.

¢ Helter Skelter — The power to manipulate and
move objects. Automatic to Poltergeists.

© Inhabit — The ability to possess and control inani-
mate objects and buildings. Automatic to Haunters.

© Juggernaut — Enables the user to bolster his
physical power when manifesting. Requires Puppetry.

© Puppetry — Enables the user to possess and
control humans. Automatic to Skinriders.

© Storm-Wending — Transports the user from one
location to another almost instantly. Requires Un-
earthly Repose.

* Unearthly Repose — Creates a charismatic aura
around the user. Automatic to Wisps.

* Wail— Allows the user to elicit emotional responses
or cause damage with his voice. Automatic to Banshees.

* Witch's Nimbus — The ability to generate and
discharge fire and electricity. Requires Inhabit.

BACHGROUNOS

Allies — Aides and friends who help in tasks.

¢ Arsenal — Weapons and equipment at hand.

¢ Artifact — An object that takes on fantastic
properties when in ghost form.

* Contacts — Information sources and friends in
useful places.

¢ Destiny — Your character has a fate appointed by
higher (or lower) powers.

© Detective License — The power to gain informa-
tion legally for investigations and research.

© Health Insurance — Financial aid to offset the
costs of medical treatment.

¢ Influence — Your pull in the world around you.

© Mentor — A teacher and instructor.

* Memorial — You are dead but not forgotten, and
can draw Vitality from this.

© Patron — Someone who aids and protects the
character in exchange for services rendered.

¢ Personal Trainer — A one-on-one instructor.

© Reincarnate — Past life experiences and flashes
of previous Abilities.

© Resources — Material goods and money.

¢ Status — Standing and rank in Orpheus (or in
some other organization).

FREESE FONTS

Trait Cost
Attribute 5 per dot
Ability 2 per dot
Shade Horror 7 points
Non-Shade Horror 10 points
Background 1 per dot
Vitality 5 per dot
Willpower 3 per dot

OUTSIDE ORFHEUS

While this chapter operates on the assump-
tion that characters work for — or at least with
— Orpheus, there are other options available.
Orpheus's two primary rivals are Terrel & Squib
and NextWorld Inc. Beyond this level, other,
much smaller organizations also employ projec-
tors and ghosts. A crucible could, conceivably,
work forany of these factions. In addition, it is
also possible for a collection of independent
characters to form a crucible. Such characters
can encompass a wide range of backgrounds,
from pigment addicts and coma victims to sha-
mans and naturally occurring high Vitality
spirits.

Characters working for another organized
group follow identical character creation steps
to standard Orpheus characters. The only ma-
jor difference is in their employer. Most likely,
this facror will influence the character's Back-
ground, Tetrel & Squib typically employs agents
moreinrerested in flash than substance. It spe-
cifically targets young employees and caters to
the world's rich and elite as a sort of savvy,
Cutting-edge firm like the innumerable dot.com
businesses. NextWorld members are almost ex-
Clusively ex-military (with combat experience)
or former intelligence operatives. The roles,
Abilities and Backgrounds chosen by such char-
acters should reflect this.

With independent characters, the most
pressing question is how the group actually
meets. While it is possible they all met in a bar
and decided to investigate ghosts, this scenario
is rather unlikely. If you wish to pursue the
indepéndént route, we recommend that before
character creation even begins, all the players,
including the'Storyteller, hash out the details
of just how this group joined forces, why they
remain in contact and what it is they do. Inde-
pendent characters must also deal with the issue
of Backgrounds. While characters without any
official backing still receive four dots to spend
on Backgrounds, certain Orpheus Backgrounds
may not be suitable for such characters. The
Storyteller is the final. arbitrator of which
Orpheus Backgrounds are and are not available
to independent characters.

Terrel & Squib, NextWorld Inc. and other
organizations and subcultures dealing with the
spirit world are detailed in Chapter Five:
Storytelling the Dead.

Life and Death: Your character has had multiple
near-death experiences in his lifetime. For the normal
person, even a single near-death experience is highly
unusual. Consider what sort of lifestyles and circum-
stances would lead to this rather unusual state of affairs.
Did your character engage in an extremely risky occups
tion or lifestyle? Or was poor health or even extraordinary
bad luck the cause of his repeated brushes with death? Is
your character even still alive, or did he finally expe
ence something he couldn't come back from?

¢ Orpheus: Unless the
cide to center their chronicle around
organization, your character probably works for The
Orpheus Group. Consider just how he came in contact

Storyteller and players de-
different

with the group and what his relationship with the
organization entails. What does he offer Orpheus, and
more importantly, what does Orpheus offer him?

© Crucible: Crucibles are bound together in a way
that transcends simple social ties. Consider how you met
the other members of your crucible, and just why it is
Orpheus brought you all together. We strongly recom-
mend the entire group discuss this issue during character
creation. For more on crucibles, see p. 133 below.

STEP ONE
CHARACTER
Concert

Before filling ina single dot on your character sheet,
you should consider a concept. You don't need to know
all the details of the character's life at this point, just a
general sense for her identity. Decide on somethir
unique and interesting you will enjoy playing for the
long haul. While progressing through the character
creation process, you may change or adjust this concept
to suit your needs or wants, but it gives you a starting
point. This initial hook might be as complex as "My

WORKING WITHOUT 4 NET

Some players may, for various reasons, feel
uncomfortable with the idea of roles. Be it because
you can't find a role to suit the exact concept you
want or because you are already well experienced
with the Storyteller system and see no need for
them, the'solution to this problem is fairly simple:
Don't use them. Roles are provided primarily to
make character creation faster and simpler for
those who desire it. If you don't want to use them,
good for you. It's your game and, obviously, you can
do what you want with it. No one from White Wolf
is going to kick down your door and take away your
copy of Orpheus for not using roles. We're all
much too busy hunting down people who continue
using Mage Second Edition.


character was raised as a staunch Catholic and believes

that by helping people as a member of Orpheus, she'll

eventually work her way out of Purgatory." Or it could

be something as simple as "Someone similar to Anthony

Michael Hall in The Dead Zone series." This concept

should be unique and interesting enough to satisfy you
nd the Storyteller.

ROLE

Role reflects your character's previous occupation

or lifestyle. Ideally, this role is a dangerous one, which
resulted in at least one or more previous near-death
experiences for your character. While your character's
role is not the same as his concept, the two should be tied
together. A list of roles is provided in this chapter,
starting on p. 136. ach includes suggested guidelines for
your character's attribute priorities and ability selec-
tions. Remember, these guidelines are only suggestions
and not ironclad requirements.

SHaROe

A pivotal aspect of any Orpheus character is his
Shade. A character's Shade is a reflection of how he
views and interacts with the world around him. This
outlook, in turn, influences the powers a character can
and cannot develop, as well as his Base ‘
power and Spite. Presently, Orpheus identifies only five
specific categories of Shades but suspects there may be
more they have yet to find.

While members of each Shade have certain aspects
in common, remember that your character is an indi-
vidual who might break with the Shade's stereotypical
image. For example, Poltergeists are typically angry
about something, but while one character may be e
tremely irate at having died before she was ready, a
second character's rage may derive from his righteous
indignation at the perceived injustices of the world.
Likewise, while Banshees generally possess a certain
level of insight, one character may be a scientist with a
keen understanding of the universe's mysteries, while
another is a priest with an intuitive comprehension of
the human soul. When selecting a Shade, consider what
would lead your character to develop that outlook and
approach to the world, as well as how that attitude
manifests within him as an individual.

Shades are detailed on pp. 81-92.

LAMENT

Equally pivotal isacharacter's Lament. Whereas Shade
reflects acharacter's approach to life and what he is capable
of accomplishing as a ghost or projected entity, Lament
reflects how he takes gauze form. Orpheus' investigations of
the paranormal led them down several different avenues.
As a result, they discovered four basic types of spooks,
broken down into two broad classifications.


The first are projectors, individuals able to tempo-
rarily project their souls outside of their bodies to become,
in essence, living ghosts. The methods used to achieve
soul projection vary, but they fall into one of two
categories. Skimmers are those projectors who can leave
their bodies almost at will. The methods for accomplish-
ing this feat are frequently unique to the individual, but
most involve some variation on or combination of
meditation and pure willpower. Some initially use drugs
to accomplish the same means, but eventually, the need
for this crutch fades. Sleepers are those projectors who
can leave their bodies only after being placed into an

artificial state of suspended animation. This state, and
with it the character's "tour-of duty" as a projected
entity, is typically scheduled for only two to four weeks,
but could, in theory, last a decade or more.

The second Lament classification is ghosts, the
souls of the dead who remain behind to haunt the living.
Ghosts also come in two flavors. Hues are those ghosts
who used the drug pigment at one or more points in their
lives, and as a result, now find their souls anchored to
this existence. Spirits are those ghosts who did not use
pigment; thus spirits constitute the bulk of the after-life

CHAOGING LAMENTS

It is possible for a character to change his
Lament in the course of play. If such a thing
happens, it should be a monumental event in the
character's existence. The following are examples
of the more likely causes of a Lament change

© Avskimmer may become a sleeper as a result
fa serious life-threatening injury or illness requir-
ing him to be cryogenically frozen.

© A' sleeper may, if the Storyteller agrees,
gtadually learn to become askimmer. While chang
ing Laments from skimmer to sleeper is a simple
matter of undergoing the cryo-sleep method to
project, changing the other way is far more diffi-
cult. Your character must train at liberating his
spitit at will; while you spend a total of 20 Will-
power points in that period. When that training
period:is‘complete, you must spend six experience
points to fulfill the transition.

© A projector might become a ghost via the
simple act of dying. Those who used pigment for
soul projection or who. overdosed on the drug in
some manner become hues. Otherwise, dead char-
acters become spirits.

°G
dead, you're dead, and there's not much you can do
about it. Sorry.

sts cannot change Laments. When you're

population. Their ties to the living are the result of
personal issues and passions.

Each Lament has its own benefits as well as draw-
backs. Make anote of these after selecting your character's
Lament. Laments are fully detailed on pp. 94-98.

PF

NATURE & CEMERNOR
[ARCHETYPES |

Next choose your character's Nature, a personality
archetype that best suits her true disposition. This self-
perception guides how your character interacts with the
world. Obviously, people are too complex to be described
in a couple of words, but you can establish some basic
behaviors for your character through these archetypes.

In addition to providing a rough behavioral guide-
line, your Nature also gives your character certain
benefits. A character's Nature is a reflection of his soul,
and as such plays a significant role among the dead (as
well asamong those living projectors who mimic them).
Each Nature archetype grants a bonus to a character's
Vitality, Willpower and Spite ratings. A character also
possesses certain unique abilities usable only in con-
junction with another character of the same Nature
grouping (dictated by the person's Shade; see p. 81)

Whereas Nature represents the character's true per-
sonality, Demeanor is a mask the character wears when
dealing with others. Your character does not have to
choose a Demeanor. There may be circumstances forc-
ing a character to adopt a false persona for an extended
period of time, howeve:

Acharacter's Demeanor has no impact on his Vital-
ity, Willpower or Spite ratings, nor can a character use
his Demeanor to perform any Nature-based abilities

Ghosts do not possess Demeanors. As creatures of
pure emotion and passion, they wear their hearts on
their sleeves, so to speak. Likewise, projectors cannot
make use of their Demeanor while outside their bodies.
As with ghosts, their souls — and with them, their true
selves — are laid bare for all to see.

A list of available Natures and their bonuses, as well
as the Default Abilities based on Nature, are detailed
below, starting on p. 147 of this chapter.

STEP TWO: SELECT
ATTRIBUTES

Once you've defined your concept and selected your
role, Shade, Lament, Nature and Demeanor, it's time to
assign numbers. The first step is assigning scores to each
Attribute. The Attributes define your character's innate
capabilities and aptitudes. How fast can your character

move? Is she attractive or even beautiful? How sharp are

her s

nses? The Attributes objectively answer each of
these questions.


——

First, prioritize your three Attribute categories: Physi-
cal, Social and Mental. Decide which category your
character is best at (primary), which category is above

average (secondary) and which category is merely aver-
age (tertiary). Is she more cerebral than physical, more
perceptive and intelligent than strong and tough? If
using roles as a guideline, please refer to role's list of
suggested Attribute and Ability (starting on p. 136).

© Physical Attributes define your character's physi-
cal limits: How fast he runs, his lifting capacity and his
overall health. If your character is primarily action-
oriented, then you'd be well advised to make Physical
your primary category.

© Social Attributes define your character's ability to
interact with, relate to and sometimes use others. Social
Attributes affect first impressions, your character's ability
to inspire or lead people and her attractiveness. If your
character is a charmer or very good at deception, Social
Attributes make a good choice for your primary category.

FBOVE RVERRGCE

When assigning dots to Attributes, remember
that a rating of two (2) in any of these Traits is
considered average for any normal, everyday pet
son. While it's natural to look upon your lowest
ranked Attributes as your character's weak spot,
temember that your character's tertiary Attribute
category is the one in which she's merely ordinary,
while her primary Attribute category is where she
truly excels above most others. Simply possessing
arating of three (3) in an Attribute puts a charac-
ter ahead of the
makes her one of the smartest, strongest or most
likeable people around.

urve, while a rating of four or five

Likewise, a rating of two in any Ability en-
ables that.character to use that Talent, Skill or
thletics 2
cter's presence ina minor league

Knowledge ina professional capacity.
justifies a chz

m, while Medicine 2 is appropriate for
an EMT or medical student. A character with a
tating of three is very good at what she does, while
a character with a rating of four or five is among
the best around.

Please note that Storytellers should not take this
to mean that players should be shackled with some
sort of Attribute rating limit to enforce mediocrity
upon their characters. Instead it is meant to indicate
that the players' characters are special; they stand out
from the crowd. Orpheus (as well as their competi-
tors) end
That means it's perfectly acceptable for a character
to bea highly skilled computer engineer, car thief or

avors to hire the best people they can find.

ballet dancer as well as a projector or ghost.

Se ee .

ww oe OY Meds

© Mental Attributes define your character's mental
capacity. Is she a quick thinker? How sharp is her eyesight?
Is she smart? If your character likes puzzles or is an investi-
gator, then Mental Attributes should be primary.

Your character concept and role should give you
direction on how to prioritize your Attributes, but don't
feel pigeonholed into such choic
viable to play an athlete with Social Attributes as your
primary choice (an ex-football player with a knack for
selling himself to the public), or a religious person with
Physical Attributes as her primary slot (a nun teaching
self-defense classes to young women in the inner city). As

. Yes, it's perfectly

noted previously, you can still modify your basic concept,
and Attribute priorities might prompt you to alter your
focus or intent.

Your character begins with each Attribute at one dot.
Priority selection determines how many additional dots
you may place in each category: Divide six (6) dots among
your character's primary Attributes, four (4) dots among
her secondary Attributes and three (3) dots among her
tertiary Attributes. You may apply six dots to your Mental
Attributes, four to your Social Attributes and three to your
Physical Attributes, for example. Each role includes
recommendations on how to prioritize your Attributes.
You are also not limited in how many dots you may assign
to any one Attribute (in the above case, you could apply
all three dots in your Physical category to Dexterity,
leaving you with Strength and Stamina at one dot and
Dexterity at four). You may not raise an Attribute above
five dots, however.

Freebie Points allow you to increase an Attribute or
two if you feel it necessary.

STEP THREE: SELECT
FBLITIES

Abilities describe what your character knows and
can do, what he's learned as opposed to what comes from

natural potential.

Like Attributes, Abilities rate from one to five dots.
This rating represents your competence in that area.
You use this number (usually added to an Attribute) to
determine how many di¢e you roll when your character
uses an Ability. Unlike Attributes, Abilities begin with
a zero rating.

Abilities also fall into three categories: Talents,
Skills and Knowledges.

¢ Talents are intuitive Abilities inherent or learned
"in the field."

© Skills are Abilities learned through rigorous
training or determination. Characters may learn them
with careful practice, but can also study or learn them
through training.

A ORPHEUS

hz —_
EE ———S rl (i_‘ HT '—S)©)h (CUI ,


© Knowledges are "book learning" and the result of
years worth of higher education. They are typically mental
pursuits or studies learned through schooling or books.

Players should prioritize Abilities during character
creation. Divide eleven (11) dotsamong your character's
primary Abilities, seven (7) dots among her secondary
Abilities and four (4) dots among her tertiary Abilities.
Each role includes recommendations for Ability
prioritization, as well as for possible selections in each
Ability category.

Starting characters may have no Ability above a
rating of three (3) at this point, You may raise Abilities
to four or five by spending Freebie Points, however.

STEP FOUR: RECORD
RAOVANTAGES

Advantages are a collection of traits measuring your
character's ability to influence the world around him.
Advantages are neither prioritized nor ranked. Instead,
each Advantage has a specific number of dots or slots
allotted. It is possible to increase them with freebie
points if you so desire.

HORRORS

Each Shade automatically possesses one of several
instinctive supernatural powers known as Horrors. You
may also spend freebie points to purchase the more
advanced Horror abilities available to your Shade, as
well as the Horrors available to other Shades.

Certain Horrors are incompatible with the world-
views and motivations at the heart of specific Shades,
however. Because of this, each Shade has a specific set
of Horrors they cannot learn. The Character Creation
Summary on p. 122 lists which Horrors are forbidden to
which Shade.

STHINS

Stains are physical manifestations of a character's
inner rage and hatred. They often represent what the
character hates or loathes in himself and often manifest
under specific situations (like when someone's Spite
rating exceeds her starting Vitality). Each of these
physical defects brings with ita unique set of advantages
and disadvantages. Select three (3) Stains for your
character. When selecting these Stains, remember that
each choice should be a deep personal reflection of your
character's psyche.

Unlike most other Traits, players may not purchase
Stains with freebie points. Instead, players may opt to
take up two (2) additional Stains, gaining one (1)
additional freebie point for each.

Characters may also willingly use Stains (at a cost),
but only if their Spite rating is four or greater.

Ag) +4
BACHE ROUNOS

Backgrounds are a measure of who your character
knows, who knows him and what resources he can draw
upon. There are two types of Background traits in Orpheus.
The first is Mundane Backgrounds. These represent the
sort of Traits to which any character could have access. The
‘ond is Orpheus Backgrounds, representing those traits
available to Orpheus agents via their employer (though
Storytellers may rule that another organization —Terrel &
Squib for example is certainly capable of offering
characters "similar benefits"). Characters receive two (2)
dots to spend on Mundane Backgrounds and two (2) dots
to spend on Orpheus Backgrounds. Such Backgrounds
should tie into your character concept and role as defined
in Step One. You may raise Backgrounds by spending
freebie points.

Note that ghosts (hues and spirits) cannot take Detec-
tive License or Personal Trainer. Ghosts may not take
Arsenal, Health Insurance or Resources unless it is as a
commodity they acquired in life that isnow available to the
crucible. Such a background is non-replenishing, and can
never be raised. If the crucible uses such a Background, it
will be depleted. Arsenal and Resources will gradually run
dry. Health Insurance can be cashed in fora one-time cash
benefit only. Projectors, meanwhile, cannot take Memo-
rial or Reincarnate, two Backgrounds specific to ghosts
because of their very existence.

STEP FIVE: FINISHING
TOUCHES

Now it's time to determine your character's fi
traits and finish rounding him out.

MITALITY?

Vitality is a measure of your character's spiritual en-
ergy. It is, quite literally, his life force; the higher your
character's Vitality, the stronger his connection to the
world of the living. Your character's Shade and Nature
determine his starting Vitality. Each Shade includes a Base
Vitality score, and each Nature includes a modifier to that
score. The sum of your character's Base Vitality and his
Vitality modifier represents his starting Vitality trait. You
may increase your character's starting Vitality by spending
freebie points, but you cannot exceed a starting Vitality of
nine. Hues cannot exceed a starting Vitality of seven.

It is highly recommended that your character's
starting Vitality be much higher than his beginning
Spite rating. Once a character's Spite rating matches or
exceeds his Vitality, he becomes more and more twisted
by the malevolent emotions within and runs the risk of
eventually being consumed by his own hatred.

You can find full details on Vitality and its uses on
p. 188 of this chapter.


HERLTH LEVELS

Living characters possess an additional trait
that the dead do not. Health levels allow you to
Keep track of your character's current physical
condition, including how much damage she took
i y, being hit with a baseball bat: It also lists
the penalty impc
for each level "of physical injury sustained. The
dead (spirits, hues and projecting sleepers) do not
possess health levels: Instead, they use Vitality to
measure their spiritual condition.

d on your character's dice pool

Full details on health levels and the results of
physical injury may be found in. Chapter Four:
Working the System.

WILLPOWER

Willpower describes the extent of your character's
self-control and her determination in surmounting ad-
verse circumstances. As with Vitality, your character's
starting Willpower consists of adding the Willpower
modifier of his Nature to the Base Willpower score of his
Shade. You may increase your character's starting Will-
power by spending freebie points.

Full details on Willpower and its uses may be found
on p. 199 of this chapter.
Srite

Spite is a measure of your characte S$ inner rage,
emotional turmoil and self-loathing. As with Vitality
and Willpower, your character's starting Spite rating
results from adding his Nature's Spite modifier to his
Shade's Base Spite score. Spite may not increase through
freebie points.

If a character's Spite rating exceeds his beginning
Vitality, he suffers penalties in both social interaction and
in controlling his Horrors. Full details on Spite and its
dangers may be found starting on p. 192 of this chapter.

FREEBIE FONTS

You have a total of 15 freebie points to round out
your character and increase your Traits. You may spend
these points however you wish. Each dot has a variable
freebie point cost based on the type of Trait. See the
table in the Character Creation Summary on p. 122 for
the freebie point cost of each Trait. You may spend
freebie points at any time during character creation.

THE SPRRH OF
DERTH

Now it's time to work out some of those character
qualities that have nothing to do with game mechanics.
It's not absolutely necessary to write these down, but it
is highly recommended. At the very least, consider each

Nv") ORPHEUS

of them after character creation and during the games
that follow. Some will change over time while others
may become cemented. These are the things that truly
make your character come alive (so to speak), rather
than be just a collection of dots on a character sheet.

RPPERRANCE

What does your character look like? How do her
Traits affect that? If she has four dots in Strength,
those muscles will show. If she has a high Charisma,
that translates to how she moves and talks. Go over
her concept and Traits and see how you can use
those as descriptive hooks. Your choices will not
only reflect your character's appearance, but also

how she dresses, how she acts and how she speaks.
Does she move with confidence and have a steady
gi
anyone in the eye? Does she prefer casual, rugged

, or does she hunch over and refuse to look

clothing or does she have more expensive and re-
fined tastes? Just remember that it's more evocative
to say, "the car accident that almost killed my char-
acter crushed her face" than to say, "My character
has one dot of Appearance."

QUIRHS

Everyone has unique habits, anecdotes, interests

and hobbies that do not define the core concept, but
do offer that character more color or depth.
realistic feel. Write a few sentences on the back of
your character sheet describing some of these quirks
— they might range from her refusal to drink Ameri-
can beer to wearing a favored pair of snakeskin boots
or habitually whistling old show tunes. You can al-
ways add more quirks after play begins, if new

amore

possibilities occur to you.

motivations

What drives your character? Why does she continue
working with Orpheus and its operations or risk her life
on dangerous missions on a semi-regular basis? While it

may seem that helping lost souls is worthy for its own
sake, surely most characters have other reasons for what
they do? What in your character's history or concept
pushes her to risk her life or soul? A compelling, dra-
matic reason can give you much mileage for roleplaying
in any chronicle. Perhaps your character is a thrill-
junkie looking for the excitement he never found as an
accountant before dying of a long, tortured battle with
cancer. Religious convictions, personal vendettas, sci-
of a
n other motivationsare all possible. Your character's

entific curiosity, remorse for previous sins and ar
d
motivation is, ultimately, the answer to the question,
"Why does she do this?
SOCIAL TIES

Characters don't live ina vacuum (noteven ghosts).
Think about the people in your character's life (or

NF ae


death). Are her parents still alive? Does she have a
spouse? A lover? Children? What about friends, neigh-
bors and co-workers? Does she own pets? How have
these relationships changed now that she's an Orpheus
agent? Do her husband and children know what she does
now? If she's dead, does anyone remember her? In what
sort of world does your character exist?

THE PRELUDE

A person's past is the foundation upon which her
personality is built. For that reason, you should have
some idea of your character's life before she became a
ghost or projector, to better understand her. The prelude
is something of a one-on-one mini-story; just you and
the Storyteller, roleplaying events from your character's
life before the actual start of the chronicle. The prelude
provides context for the character's past and her expe-
rience with death, her reaction to it and what she does
afterwards. This serves as a storytelling device to help
detail her mortal existence and personality up until the
moments before the first story begins.

You roleplay a prelude much as you would a normal
game session, except that you compress years of life into an
evening of rapid-fire decisions. Romantic relationships,
school, work, family, outside threats... these are all things
you might need to address, for better or worse, over the
prelude's course. Upon completing the prelude, you should
understand your character's personal history in detail, and
you may find that some elements of her past actually
foreshadow her existence as a ghost or projector.

A prelude offers a frame of reference for everything
else happening to your character, and how she reacts to
such events during the chronicle. Without it, a charac-
ter wouldn't be as complete. The prelude is fairly quick
and dirty, just like the brief exposition of personal
background that a film gives for a major character. It's
essential to understanding the character, but it doesn't
require half an hour of the film.
STORYTELLING THE
PRELUDE

The Storyteller should take the time to run one-on-
one preludes for each player, unless two characters were

close friends or grew up together before the chronicle
begins. It's important to keep the player focused during
the prelude — it should be a very personal experience,
giving each character a sense of history. Some players
may want to share a prelude, for example, if their
characters were longtime friends (perhaps from child-
hood). Otherwise, it's best to run preludes one person at
atime. Don't worry about the other players; they can
spend time socializing, refining their characters, discuss-
ing their plans for the chronicle or calling out for pizza.
The prelude is too important to neglect, but the Story-
teller should tell the players what to expect for the

eveningso they might entertain themselves while await-
ing their turn.

When running the prelude, don't take too much
time with each vignette. Lay out the scene, give the
player a chance to make a few decisions, then move on
to the next person. You can use this opportunity to
foreshadow some of the chronicle's events (perhaps a
recurring enemy appears in each prelude?), but don't
dwell on any one thing for too long. Your goal is to make
the player respond instinctively to each situation, rather
than with deliberation. This gives a very concentrated
sense of what the character's life is like.

The prelude serves as an opportunity for players to
explore the rules and setting. Give her room to do so, but
try avoiding combat. If combat does occur, simply de-
scribe the outcome (you don't want to accidentally kill
the character before the game starts).

The player may change her mind about some of her
character's Traits as a result of decisions and actions
during the prelude, and it's fine to let her change things
around to better fit her concept. Don't allow players to
simply juggle Traits to make invincible characters. The
idea is to highlight the character's nuances, not engage
in a number-crunching exercise. Use the prelude to
explore the character's Traits. Does he havea Detective's
License? Cover how he earned it. Allies? Run a few
vignettes showing how she met her friends.

It's important when running preludes to establish
some normalcy... the routine. This gives you a sense of
the mundane that you can gleefully shatter when the
strangeness and horror of death occurs. It's a great way
to build dramatic tension both before and during the
actual shift.

The prelude is presented as a storytelling session,
but it's important to allow the player to interrupt and
offer input. Afterall, this is her character, and she should
not have to deal with elements she finds intolerable. It's
also important that she's a part of the process.

Finally, take the time to give the shift between life and
death all the detail it needs. Play it up as much as you can,
focus on the intensity of the moment when the character
finds herself outside her physical body. Stress the horrific;
ghosts and projectors lead an existence defying many of the
comfortable assumptions held by mundane society. Use it
to give the change impact and weight. Make it clear that
the character has irrevocably crossed a line and her exist-
ence will never again be the same.
QUESTIONS #00 ANSWERS

When playing through your prelude, you should
keep the following questions in mind. These questions
are a springboard to fill out the character's history as
muchas possible. You should answer all of them to some
extent by the time you're done (and you should have an


idea as how to answer some of them before beginning).
It often helps to write out the answers (whether or not
you've played through the prelude). Even if there isn't
time for a detailed prelude, you should try responding to
as many of these questions as possible (write them out if
you like, or discuss them with your Storyteller). If
written beforehand, it can guide the Storyteller. If
afterward, it can still be an invaluable means of solidify-
ing concepts in your mind.

ch question lists some things you should ask yourself
while fleshing out your character. The questions also
include some advice on how to use these elements in the
prelude. The more you know about your character, the
more real she'll seem when the game begins.

© How old are you?

When were you born? How long has it been since
you died (or became a projector)? How old do you look?
Are you more mature than you seem? Less?

© What was your family life like?

Were you raised by both parents? Did one — or both
— of them die? Do you have brothers or sisters? Are you
married? Divorced? More than once? Do you have any
children? Is anyone else in your family a ghost?

© Where are you from?

Where were you born? Where did you grow up? How
did your native culture shape your beliefs about death,
ghosts and the afterlife?

* What do you believe?

In what religious tradition were you raised? What religious
tradition do you follow now? How has your exposure to the
afterlife influenced your faith and beliefsystems? How does your
faith influence your views of the afterlife?

© What did you do?

What was your job? What were your hobbies? Was
your job (or leisure pursuits) dangerous? How did you
feel about that danger? Was it an acceptable risk given
the potential payoff? Was the danger what drew you to
the job or hobby in the first place?

© How do you solve problems?

How do you deal with the obstacles life puts in your path?
Brute force? Trickery? Negotiation? Avoidance? How do your
problem-solving methods reflect on your Shade?

¢ When did you fi

Where did it happen? Was it accidental or self-
inflicted? Did you find the experience terrifying?
Exhilarating? Both? What kept you from dying that first
time? Did someone save your life or did you overcome
death yourself?

* How did death change you?

Did your near death experiences (or your final
death) cause any changes in your habits or behavior? Did
you quit your job? Drop out of school? Become obsessed

st experience death?


oe a oe

with squeezing as much from life as you could while
there was still time?

© Are you still alive?

Are you a projector who has one foot among the
world and the other among the dead? Or are you a ghost
who intrudes upon the living? How do you feel about
your current existence? Do you wish you could live
again? That you could forget what you know about the
other side? That you could die completely?

¢ When did you first encounter ghosts?

Did you believe in ghosts before becoming one? Was
this belief based on personal experience? Were these
encounters friendly? Hostile? Mysterious? Horrifying?

© Have you ever used pigment?

Do you have any exposure to the latest trend in
designer drugs, or the subculture that accompanies it?
Do you know anyone who does? Do you know anyone
who has died from using it? Did you die from using it?

¢ How did you first hear about Orpheus?

Did you know about Orpheus before becoming a
ghost or projector? What brought them to your atten-
tion? What brought you to theirs? Did they teach you
how to become a projector? Did they rescue you from an
existence as a mindless drone? Help you resolve the
personal issues that led to you becoming a spirit?

* What do you think about Orpheus?

Do you believe in what Orpheus does? Do you trust
the people you work for? The people you work with?
How loyal are you to Orpheus?

© What do you think about Orpheus' rivals?

What do you think about those groups competing with
Orpheus for contracts and resources? Have you even heard
of these groups? Did any of them try recruiting you? Are you
a double agent working for one of these groups?

* Do you have any connections outside of Orpheus?

Do you maintain contact with your family and
friends? Do they know what you do or is that a secret?
How well do you trust them?

© What is your greatest love?

What do you love more than anything? What would
you be willing to sacrifice for that "cause?" A romantic
interest? A family member? Yourself? Your faith? Knowl-
edge? Power? Personal gain? Would you sacrifice yourself
for your love? Would you sacrifice someone else?

* What is your greatest regret?

What haunts you? Is there a death you feel you could
have prevented? Did you betray someone in their time
of greatest need? Did you fail at something important? Is
there an opportunity you missed? Does this regret appear
in your Stains?

© What is your greatest hate?

Who or what do you hate the most? Why do you
hate this thing or person? Did this person betray you or
harm someone you love? Does a certain action or phi-
losophy go against every virtue you hold dear? Is your
hatred directed against a certain gender, race, religion,
orientation or culture? Is your hatred directed against
yourself or someone you love?

© What is your greatest fear?

What terrifies you? Are you afraid of spiders or heights?
Ofa loved one's death? Offailure or rejection? What causes
this fear? Is there a personal trauma still haunting you? Is it
related to one of your near-death experiences?

* Who would play you?

If your chronicle became a movie, who would play
your character and why? What mannerisms (if any) from
previous roles would they bring to your character?

THE CRUCIBLE

The work performed by Orpheus agents is diffi-
cult and, at times, dangerous. Luckily, agents don't
work alone. They have partners to rely on for aid and
support. Based upon the results of employee screening
and psychological exams, Orpheus places its agents
into field teams known as crucibles. Orpheus expects
team members to both complement each other's skills
and abilities and to work together effectively.

As an extension of their research into the nature of
ghosts and projectors, Orpheus developed a method en-
abling spooks to share spiritual energy (Vitality) with one
another. A f is that the crucible
membersdevelopstrongemotionaland psychological bonds.
The end result is a team of paranormal agents who not only
work more closely together, but can also pool their energies
and coordinate use of their powers.

When a crucible first forms, teammates typically
treat it as a simple work arrangement. When tested by
fire, the crucible members find themselves forced to
trust each other with their very souls. As time passes and
the crucible works together more and more, the bond
grows stronger, possibly even exceeding one's ties to
friends, family members and other loved ones.

CREATING THE CRUCIBLE
The crucible serves as the chronicle's center, the
axis around which everything else revolves. Characters
can join or die (or even die then join), but the crucible
remains. Because of its nature, it's extremely important
that players agree on the sort of crucible they want to
play, since that will directly affect the kinds of stories
they encounter. If a player decides she doesn't like her
character two stories intoa chronicle, it's easy enough to
let her switch into a new one. If the players decide they

QGHAPTER THRE
ARACTER CREAT


don't like the crucible's nature, it may be nece:
overhaul the chronicle completely.

sary to

For a crucible to work, the characters must cooper-
ate with each other. This is not to say that all the
characters must like each other unconditionally and get
along in all things; this is impossible. In fact, it's more
interesting if the characters disagree over some matters
and experience conflict... every
Beyond all that, though, is the fact that a crucible
more than the sum of its members. It describes thos
individuals as a group with common goals, motivations,
enemies and background.

amily has its problems.

e

It may help if players visualize the crucible as a
character unto itself and work out its nature before they
even begin to create their characters. The Storyteller
and players should discuss the group's purpose for e
ence (all crucibles have one, even if it's a simple
survival) and how it was formed. What must it accom-
plish? How does it interact with others? Once the players
decide upon a crucible concept, they can decide who
fills which roles within the crucible and what kind of
characters they want to include.

CRUCIBLE QUESTIONS

When creating the crucible, players should answer
several questions before building their characters or
playing out their preludes, but they may change specifics
afterward. The important thing is to establish a firm
group concept to give each character context.

¢ What is the crucible's mission?

What does Orpheus expect of the group, and what
sorts of assignments are typical? Are they part of a public
relations team handling the high profile, media friendly
missions and making public appearances? Are they inve:
tigators researching hauntings and other paranormal
phenomenon? Recovery specialists helping lost souls? Do
they perform psychological warfare operations (i.e.,
hauntings for hire)? Intrusion specialists who recover ob-
jects and information (i.e., thieves and industrial spies)?
Troubleshooters who arrange untraceable "accidents?"

© Where is the crucible based?

Where is the crucible's home base? Orpheus's
prime research lab? One of their branch offices? A
mobile field unit?

* Who is the crucible's controller?

Who is the group's immediate supervisor? Is she
their primary contact with Orpheus? Does the crucible
know who acts as their supervisor's superior? Can they
essary?

is the crucible's leader?

ist-

contact him if nec

° Who, if anyone,

Who within the crucible serves as leader? How did
the crucible decide upon a leader? Was the decision
unanimous? Official? Does anyone in the group contest
this choic

* How do the crucible members feel about
each other?

What is each member's opinion about the others?
How does he believe the other members feel about him?
How well do the members trust each other? Have any of
the members developed friendships? Personal relation-
ships? Rivalries?

¢ Who are the crucible's friends and allies?

Who else does the group trust? Who outside the
group do members rely on to help them when needed?
Does the group have any allies outside Orpheus?

© Who are the crucible's rivals or enemi

Does the group have any rivals? Why are they rivals?
Does the crucible have any enemies? Who are they and
why do they hate the crucible? What are their motiv
tions? Are these rivals or enemies members of Orpheus?
Or are they enemies of Orpheus itself?

EXAMPLE OF
CHARACTER
CREATION

Malcolm is making a character for Gwen's new
Orpheus chronicle. Before doing anything else, Gwen
and her players discuss the game's intended setting,
theme and mood. Gwen plans a campaign focusing on
Orpheus' investigations of the underground pigment
network. The players decide their characters will all
have some previous experience with one or more of the
subcultures involved in the network.

STEP One: CONCEPT

First, Malcolm needs a concept around which to
build his character. Malcolm decides his character is an
ex-vice cop now working for Orpheus. Malcolm names
his character Jacob Miller and decides that the depart-
ment forced Jacob into early retirement after he burned
out on the job. His character needs some previous
brushes with death, so Malcolm settles on Jacob's first
near-death experience as the result of being shot in the
line of duty. Malcolm decides this will not be Jacob's
only brush with death, but he'll settle on specifics later.

Next, Malcolmselectsa ole for his concept. Clearly,
Police Officer is the most fitting.

Malcolm then selects a Shade. Looking over the list
of Shades, Malcolm decides on Banshee. Because Ban-
shees typically possess a keen insight, Malcolm decides
that Jacob is a natural judge of character who grasps the
motivations and trustworthiness of the people with
whom he deals.

Once he chooses his Shade, Malcolm decides on a
Lament. Malcolm wants Jacob to remain among the living,
and to be able todeal with the quick and the dead as needed.
With that in mind, he makes Jacob a skimmer.


Finally, Malcolm chooses Jacob's Nature. Malcolm
picks Mediator, one of the more common archetypes for
Banshee, deciding that it helps refl motiv:
tions for becoming a cop (to help people peacefully) and
for joining Orpheus.

STEP TWO: ATTRIBUTES

Now that Malcolm has a concept, he needs to assign
dots to determine Jacob's abilities. The Police Officer
role places Physical Attributes as primary, with Mental
Attributes as secondary and Social as tertiary. Malcolm
decides this insuitable for Jacob's:concept.

Malcolm takes the six points for primary Attributes
and spreads them evenly, placing two dots each in
Strength, Dexterity and Stamina. Jacob is in excellent
physical shape, but does not excel in any area. Jacob's
Physical Attributes are Strength 3, Dexterity 3 and
Stamina 3.

For Mental Attributes, Malcolm assigns two dots to
Perception, reflecting Jacob's keen insight. For the re-
maining two dots, Malcolm places one in Intelligence
and one in Wits. Jacob is average in both areas. Jacob's
Mental Attributes are Perception 3, Intelligence 2 and
Wits 2.

Finally, Malcolm spreads his three dots for tertiary
Attributes evenly across Charisma, Manipulation and
Appearance. Jacob is perfectly able to deal with others,
but does not excel at it. Jacob's Social Attributes are
Charisma 2, Manipulation 2 and Appearance 2.

STEP THREE: FBILITIES

deciding Jacob learned high school Spanish and prac-

ticed it while working on the streets. Finally, Malcolm
signs one dot each to Bureaucracy and Computers,
representing his familiarity with the bureaucratic red
tape of modern police work.

This leaves four dots to spend on Skills. Malcolm
assigns one dot each to Drive, Firearms and Security to
reflect his basic police training. Although the single dot
in Firearms may seem low, Malcolm decides that Jacob,
like the vast majority of police detectives, has rarely
fired his gun in the line of duty. With a single dot left,
Malcolm places that in Meditation to reflect the basic
instruction Orpheus gave Jacob while training him as a
skimmer.

STEP FOUR: AOVANTAGES

Malcolm now turns his attention to Backgrounds.
acop, Malcolm places his two Orpheus
Background dots in Detective License. Malcolm then
places one dot in Resources to represent Jacob's rather
small pension (the perk of forced retirement). For his
final dot, Malcolm gives Jacob a level of Contacts to
reflect his friendly associates in the police department
and on the streets.

Next, Malcolm notes Jacob's Horror. Because Jacob
is a Banshee, he automatically receives Wail.

Finally, Malcolm selects Jacob's three Stains: Claws,
Gossamer Webs and Martyred.
STEP FIVE: FINISHING
TOUCHES

Malcolm now turns his attention to Abilities.
Malcolm makes a note of his role's ability prioritization.
The Police Officer role places Knowledges as primary,
Skills as secondary and Talents as tertiary. This
prioritization makes it impossible for Malcolm to take
several abilities he feels are necessary for his character
concept, however. With Gwen's approval, Malcolm
makes Talents his primary ability category, and assigns
Knowledges as secondary and Skills as tertiary

With eleven dots to spend on Talents, Malcolm
assigns two to Streetwise, reflecting Jacob's familiarity
with the streets from his time as a vice cop, and another
two dots to Intuition, to reflect Jacob's insightfulness.
Malcolm then places three dots into Athletics, deciding
it fits well with Jacob's high Physical Attributes. Next,
Malcolm assigns two dots to Alertness and one dot each
to Intimidation and Subterfuge, representing the abili-
ties Jacob honed in the line of duty.

Malcolm now has seven dots to spend on
Knowledges. Malcolm assigns three dots to Investig:
tion, representing Jacob's abilities as a detective.
Malcolm next places one dot in Law. Jacob is familiar
with the law as it applies to his former job, but is no
expert. Malcolm also assigns a dot to Linguistics,

Malcolm calculates Jacob's
power and Spite ratings.

Because Jacob is a Banshee, his Base Vitality rating
is 5. Malcolm adds to this the Vitality modifier from his
Nature. Asa Mediator, Jacob receives an additional two
points to his Vitality rating. This gives Jacob a decent
starting Vitality rating of 7.

Malcolm then follows the same formula to deter-
mine his Willpower. Banshees begin with a Willpower
rating of three. Jacob's Mediator Nature allows him to
raise that by one point, fora starting Willpower rating of
four.

Finally, Malcolm calculates his Spite. Asa Banshee,
Jacob has a Base Spite rating of zero. Because the
Mediator Nature adds two to the character's Spite
rating, Malcolm's character begins play with a Spite
rating of two!

starting Vitality, Will-

Malcolm hasn't spent any freebie points during
character creation, so he now has 15 points to spend in
any way he sees fit. Malcolm begins by spending five
points to raise Jacob's Wits to 3 dots, to reflect the sort
of quick thinking he needs on the streets. Malcolm then
spends two points to raise Jacob's Instinct Ability from
2 to 3 dots. Finally, he spends one point to raise his


Detective License to three, and the remaining seven
points to purchase Forebode, his other Shade Horror.

All that remains now for Malcolm is Jacob's descrip-
tion, history and quirks. Malcolm decides that Jacob is
in his mid-30s, average height and thin, but well-
muscled owing to his efforts at keeping in decent physical
shape. Jacob wears his blonde hair short, but grew a full
beard since leaving the department. He hasn't shaved it
since. Although he carries himself with a high degree of
personal confidence, Jacob also appears somewhat world
weary and his eyes are those of a man who's been heavily
battered by life. When not on assignment, Jacob favors
well-worn slacks or jean: ife-beater" undershirts and
a selection from his impressively large collection of
bowling shirts.

Malcolm has already decided on some of the basics
of Jacob's history. Now he needs to flesh it out a little.
Malcolm decides that Jacob became a cop from a sense
of idealism and a desire to protect people. He was an
honest cop and managed to steer clear of his profession's
more corrupt elements. Jacob's first near-death experi-
ence came early in his career when he was shot in the
line of duty. Despite his being critically wounded and
flatlining, EMTs revived him. Jacob soon returned to
work and eventually earned a position on the vice squad.
Over the next ten years, Jacob distinguished himself as
a model detective.

A year ago, Jacob's partner of five years died in the
line of duty, which hurt Jacob immensely. He started
drinking, and his work suffered noticeably. Finally, the
department forced Jacob out of his job. Because of his
service record, he received early retirement rather than
being dismissed from the force. This only worsened the
downward spiral, sending Jacob into a pit of despair and
alcoholism. One night, Jacob tried drinking himself to
death, only to find himself outside his body. Although it
only lasted a few minutes, the terror of the experience,
which closely mirrored his memories of being shot, were
enough to shock him out of his depression and turn his
life around. Jacob spent the next several months work-
a private security specialist, hiring himself out as
a bodyguard and PI, while spending his spare time trying
to figure out what happened to him during his near-
death experience. A newspaper article led Jacob to the
Orpheus Group. After an initial interview, they offered
hima job. He accepted and shortly thereafter learned to
become a skimmer.

Malcolm decides that Jacob issomewhat standoffish
from the rest of his crucible. After losing his longtime
partner, he is wary of forming close relationships with
co-workers. In spite of several casual associations over
the years, Jacob has no significant personal connections;
he's always more devoted to the job than anything else.

OR.

aly

exe -

The characters in this game have all survived sev-
eral near-death experiences. They are people with an
exceptional reserve of inner strength and will to live (or
at least, exist). Every one of these characters is above

average in some way. Normal people don't touch death
so often and return as they have without some conse-

quence.

This core book offers 20 roles from which the player
may choose his character's profession or lifestyle. Players
should select the career choice with the greatest impact
mple, if a player
wanted to play a reformed gang member who spent time
in prison, he could choose either the Reformed Crimi-
nal or the Gang Member role to start with, depending on
which lifestyle influenced him most. Some characters
may have multiple roles from which to select.

Roles define which Attributes and Abilities are
Primary, Secondary and Tertiary. Also, each lists Traits
that fit the role. For example, it's unlikely a Police
Officer would have no skill in Firearms. Such an indi-
vidual would have never finished the academy. Roles are
meant as guidelines to simplify the game, but they
should not be ironclad. Abilities can change for differ-
ent individuals, but the listed suggestions should form a
baseline. Obviously, players and Storytellers can agree
on whatever makes sense for their game.

on their character's life. So, for e

The descriptions of each role are guidelines, and
players should flesh those out to fit their concepts. Many
of the descriptions give character motivations and es-
tablish subplots for the chronicles. Again, both players
and Storytellers should look at any chosen role and pick
and choose what parts they like and what they don't.

For players lacking a strong concept, the descrip-
tions offera good start, though some require thata player
elaborate more about the character's history. For ex-
ample, in the Reformed Criminal role, the description
never mentions the crime committed. That detail is up
to the player. Again, a player should take them as a
launching point for her imagination. If a player never
made a character before or is stuck for a background,
simply use the description as it stands and fill in the
details with the Storyteller as the chronicle progresses.

Some roles need the consent and assistance of the
Storyteller. Jane Doe, another example, implies the
Storyteller should help with the background. Ifa Story-
teller doesn't want to play with the subplots within a
role, then she should change them. In addition, if the
Storyteller is uncomfortable with certain roles, he should
inform the players and remain sensitive. If a player
suffered abuse, he may be uncomfortable with anyone
choosing the Abuse Survivor.

HEUS


following pages, each role has several variations. For

high action chronicles, Storytellers may consider allow-

ing players to take these more effective variants, but the
decision to play them should be uniform (as in everyone
chooses froma medium or high-level variant) since each
level is more powerful than the one below it or than the

baseline. To facilitate this decision, the basic role pro-
vides for standard character generation, while the
medium and high variants increase the baseline charac-
ter with bonuses to Abilities and Attributes. Also, since
20 can hardly encompass the full range of player tastes,
Storytellers should use these as starting points and to
create their own roles.

Here are guidelines on building new roles. At-
tributes and Abilities should stick to the basics, 6/4/3
and 11/7/4 respectively. For Medium variations, the
Storyteller should treat the role as having the equivalent
of 15 extra freebie points above that already listed in
character creation. At least one dot should go toward
Attributes. For High variations, Storytellers should award
the equivalent of +30 freebie points, giving at least two
dots toward Attributes. In some cases, adding Will-
power, Backgrounds and Vitality is appropriate.
Storytellers should avoid Horrors (healthy advice for all
of us) or limit players to purchasing one additional one
at most. In the case of the 20 roles listed herein, those
+15 and +30 freebie points have already been filled in as
recommendations.

ROLE: SUSE SURVIVOR

Description: One day at a time, that's how you
survived. You kept wishing that everything would change.
You kept thinking the same things every morning.
Maybe you'd be perfect in his eyes, just for today. Maybe
you'd do everything right and the yelling and pushing
and the private abuses would stop. Maybe you wouldn't
have to lie to friends or teachers. Maybe you wouldn't
have to lie to the doctors in the ER.

Finally, you stopped lying to yourself.

You escaped. You never realized how much pain and
suffering had become part of your life, until itended. You
nearly died numerous times, but now... no more bruises
and no more broken bones. You healed, until finally,
even the fear went away.

Yougrewstrong. Youweren'tabout to becomea victim
ain. You dedicated your life to waging a personal war
against abuse. You wanted to join the FBI, but they didn't
want you. They had concerns about your mental state. The
local police rejected youas well. They believed youcouldn't
handle the stress. You joined a local charity and raised
money for shelters, but it wasn't enough. You weren't
satisfied. You wanted to bring the abusers to justice. You
wanted to work in law enforcement.

In addition to the 20 basic roles listed on the

Finally, you joined Orpheus, and they treated you
with respect. The recruiter told you your experiences
gave you strength and insight, qualities that Orpheus
sought in its employees. Orpheus gave youa chance, and
you've set out to make sure it's the best decision they
ever made.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Mental/Social/Physical

Abilities: (11/7/4) Talents/Knowledges/Skills

Talents: Athletics, Brawl, Leadership, Subterfuge

Skills: Drive, Performance, Stealth

Knowledges: Finance, Law, Medicine

Variations

Medium — Vengeful Rape Victim (Add +2 to
Attributes, +1 to Abilities and +1 to Willpower)

High — Escaped POW (Add +3 to Attributes, +3
to Abilities and +3 to Willpower)

ROLE: BICYCLE
nEessenGeER

Description: You lived on the edge, darting be-
tween cars and people as you sped through the city.
When time was essential, you delivered. The thrill w:
taking chances - weaving in and out of traffic, using
short cuts through alleys, dodging people on the side-
walks. Riding dangerously gave you focus. You loved the
rush, and life was so much better than the dread nine to
five corporate existence of the zombies who paid you.
You would have killed yourself if someone forced you
into a cubicle.

Unfortunately, the need for the thrill pushed you
too far. You nearly died on a regular basis while deliver-
ing packages. One time you took a short cut through an
alley and discovered a large, open grating beneath your
wheels. You fell ten feet in a sudden second. When a
delivery truck ranared light and you jumpeda green, the
collision wasn't pretty. To his credit, the driver had the
common sense not to back up and run over you twice.
You experienced that with a sedan. Thankfully, in most
cases, you healed quickly, but each time, the recovery
period grew longer and longer. Even a cubicle starts
looking good from a hospital bed.

You did a few deliveries for a group called Orpheus,
and became involved in some nice conversations with
their receptionist. Looking back on it, the flirting was
probably an interview. They offered you a job on your
sixth call to them, but you weren't a stranger to job
offers. Although you always said no to past offers, this
time you said yes. You haven't a clue why you accepted,
but a change of pace probably wouldn't hurt you much.
Maybe you'll wake up one morning without the stiffness
or aches. Orpheus told you the job wouldn't bore you.
You'll see, though. If you end up behind a desk, you are
out of there.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Physical/Social/Mental


Abilities: (11/7/4) Talents/Skills/Knowledges
Talents: Alertness, Athletics, Streetwise
Skills: Drive, Etiquette, Stealth
Knowledges: Any
Variations
Medium— Extreme Athlete (Add +1 to Attributes
and +5 to Abilities)

High — Drug Courier (Add +2 to Attributes, +6 to
Abilities, +2 to Backgrounds and +2 to Willpower)

ROLE: CHS ORIVER

Description: Life as a hack was never dull. You
knew the ins and outs of the city, from the side streets to
the sidewalks. You saw the little things that made the
city work. You knew the small shops that sold every-
thing and the secret meeting places where the criminals
conspired with upstanding businessmen.

It's strange how some people acted in your cab.
Sometimes, they carried on conversations about private
topics like you weren't even there. Those fares saw you
as part of the taxi, an extension of the seat and the
engine. Other times, the people in your cab needed to
talk. They'd tell you everything, confessing their sins to
the priest behind the wheel.

You understood people. You made them feel better. It
helped with tips. Later, it became your way to pass the time.
You looked at clothing, at how people carried themselves.
You listened to voice tones to catch moods. After some
punk robbed you, you watched for warning signs.

Some criminals, especially drug users, saw you as an
easy mark. They call and someone drives up with a car
full of cash. You had your share of close calls, but your life
wasn't worth the job. One guy freaked out and dropped
his stash in your back seat while holding you up (you
kept the designer drug, pigment, but haven't decided
whether to try it, sell it or see if the cops arrest you for
turning it in).

Your life changed after picking up a group of Orpheus
agents in a desperate situation. They were scared out of
their wits and wanted you to drive them away from an
empty lot fast! It was 3:00 AM, so you drove fast. They
were impressed, and somehow, one of them got you
talking. They offered you a job and a decent salary, but
you've kept your hack license, just in case.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Social/Mental/Physical

Abilities: (11/7/4) Talents/Skills/Knowledges

Talents: Alertness, Empathy, Expression,
Streetwise, Subterfuge

Skills: Drive, Firearms, Melee

Knowledges: Academics, Linguistics, Politics

Variations
Medium — Getaway Driver, Military Chauffeur
(Add +1 to Attributes and +5 to Abilities)

ew nt = -
High — Paid Transporter (Add +2 to Attributes,
+8 to Abilities and +4 to Backgrounds)
ROLE: CANCER SURVIVOR
Description: You remember the day of your diagnosis
with crystal clarity. The antiseptic smell of the room was
matched only by the look on the doctor's face. You knew
immediately she had bad news... that your cancer was
terminal. You stayed strong for the visit, breaking down
after you arrived home. You kept thinking: I'm too young.
After the third chemotherapy session, you com-
pletely lost control. Why fight it if you were just going
to die anyway? Who can really beat cancer? After
struggling with suicidal thoughts for most of the night,
you reached a spiritual plateau and sense of peace. You
put your faith in a higher power and decided that you
had the strength to face this challenge. You would fight
for your life.

You made the best of your time on disability. You
fought the sickness every day, feeling weaker from the
chemotherapy than the cancer. It was rough. An experi-
mental drug nearly killed you instead of saving you, but
you continued fighting. You exercised and you ate the
right foods. You searched the Internet for new tech-
niques to fight the disease and sought out alternative
medicine while strengthening your own faith. You took
ve outlook.

time to laugh and develop a rock-hard posi

For now, you've won. The cancer is in remission. You
made it. You feel better than you ever have and radiate an
innerstrength. Your disability insurance, however, ran out,
and few places seemed willing to hire you. No one wanted
to face the possible return of your cancer. Deciding to join
Orpheus wasn't your intention, but they seem willing to
have you. You've felt the touch of death. Now, you'llsee the
other side, but on your terms.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Mental, Social, Physical

Abilities: (11/7/4) Knowledges/Talents/Skills

Talents: Awareness, Empathy, Expression, Intuition

Skills: Meditation, Performance

Knowledges: Bureaucracy, Computer, Enigmas,
Law, Medicine, Occult
Variations

Medium — Burn Victim (Add +3 to Abilities and
+3 to Willpower)

High — Recovered Coma Patient (Add +2 to
Attributes and +10 to Abilities)
ROLE: CRSHIER

Description: You weren't even scheduled to work that
first time a robbery went bad. You came in on your day off
because someone called in sick, but the day w low, until
you found a gun barrel in your face. He screamed, "Open
the safe!" You pointed at the sign reading "Employees


cannot open the safe." You told him, "I can't!" He kept
screaming. Then the gun went off.

You wonder if he meant to shoot you. You weren't
going to protect a few hundred dollars over for minimum
wage. Hell, you might have helped him for a cut, but
once you recovered, you returned to work. If you'd had
qualifications for anything else, you would have left long
ago. As it was, you weren't qualified for much and you
needed the money. So, you told yourself, you had your one
bad experience.

Since then, you've been stabbed, shot again and
nearly beaten to death. Your vision hasn't returned
completely after the last incident. The guy who sa
you was crazy, no doubt, ramming your head repeatedly
into the cash drawer. When the emergency room staff
knows your name and where you work, it's a bad thing.

zed

You figure Orpheus has someone hanging out in the
ER and watching for "regular" returnees; probably even
gets a fee from Orpheus for reporting NDEs. That's the
only explanation you have for Orpheus calling and
offering you a job after that last incident. So, when they
made the offer, you jumped on it. You didn't care about
the salary, benefits or anything else. Whatever they
offered, it would be a lot better than waiting for the next
pigment junkie to wave a weapon in your face. Hell,
you'd even work in their cafeteria if it meant being away
from a cash register.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Social/Mental/Physical

Ab (11/7/4) Skills/Talents/Knowledges
Talents: Alertness, Athletics, Empathy, Streetwise
Skills: Firearms

Knowledges: Enigmas

Variations

Medium — Street Bookie (Add +1 to Attributes,
+4 to Abilities and +2 to Backgrounds)

High — Crack House Money Handler, Under-
ground Casino Cashier (Add +1 to Attributes, +8 to
Abilities, +3 to Backgrounds and +2 to Willpower)

ROLE: £CO-TERRORIST

Description: People don't understand. You can't
afford to wait for the world to wake up. Nature is dying;
progress turns forest into parking lots; rivers become
sewage treatment facilities or chemical dumping grounds;
air pollution increases every hour.... As long as compa-
nies worship the almighty dollar, they'll see Mother
Nature as another PR ploy.

At first, you wrote letters. Then you attended fund-
raisers, donating to environmental charities. You thought
sending your pocket change to friendly groups would
clean up the atmosphere and save endangered species.
You were wrong. Those friendly groups with the fu:
animal symbols wasted your donations on bureaucratic
expenses. Half of those environmental charities re-

mtr} ae ey

aly
ceived their funding from the same corporations bent on
destroying wildlife. You tried to go into politics, but you
couldn't convince people to give you the clout and
resources to win.

You had no options and did what everyone else wa
afraid to do. If companies violated environmental laws,
you attacked them. You committed acts of sabotage,
stole important plans and hacked into large computer
ystems. You're at war, fighting to save the environ-
ment. You don't want to hurt people, but they must stop
polluting. If people can't conserve what remains of
nature, then the global ecosystem will fail. By the time
people accept responsibility for protecting the environ-
ment, it'll be too late.

S;

Your enemies have taught you some hard lessons.
Security guards beat you, shot you and almost martyred
you. You screwed up along the way too, especially one
time with a defective homemade bomb.

Your name reached someone with influence, be-
cause after your last crusade, you found yourself blacklisted
by environmental groups. Even the more radical types
seem afraid to deal with you, but this outfit called
Orpheus wants you to work for them. Everything else
you've done to make the world better has had little
impact. Maybe Orpheus can train you to be more valu-
able to the cause. You'll work with them for now, but
ultimately you'll use them to help save the world.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Mental/Physical/Social

Abilities: (11/7/4) Skills/Talents/Knowledges

Talents: Alertness, Athletics, Expression, Intimi-
dation

Skills: Animal Ken, Crafts, Melee, Security, Stealth,
Survive

Knowledges:
Science

Computer, Finance, Law, Politics,
Variations
Medium — Green Party Activist (Add +1 to At-
tributes, +3 to Abilities and +4 to Backgrounds)
High — Rainbow Warrior, World-renowned Env
ronmentalist (Add +2 to Attributes, +7 to Abilities and
+6 to Backgrounds)

ROLE: EMERGENCY ROOM
OOcTOR

Description: Some doctors have quiet practices,
where an emergency may include a broken toe or a
skinned knee. They go home every night to their large
houses and golf every second Friday of the month. If
something serious happens, they send people to the
hospital. They have their place in the medical profes-
sion, but it's not the same as yours.

In your world, every second counts. Gunshot wounds,
stabbings and drug overdoses are part and parcel of your
daily grind. Other people watch ER dramas as entertain-

ment, but you've spent your time in those emergency
rooms trying to patch people back together so they can
return to the streets and hurt each other again. You have
a trick to protect yourself. You adopt a cold, unaffected
facade, so even the most tragic events don't bother you.
It works fora while. Atleast until you're alone. Then the
whole terrible drama replays before you.

It amazes you how much work it takes to save
people. Some patients are so messed up that you haven't
a clue where to begin putting them back together; and
when they wake up, they try to kill you. A patient
stabbed you once as he was going under sedation; your
nurse never left scalpels near a shooting victim again.
Your least favorites were the idiots who fought their
gang wars in your trauma center waiting room. You tried
stopping them and needed surgery yourself. The police
ended the fight, leaving you with two bodies for the
morgue.

You joined Orpheus to continue helping others.
Orpheus has the technology to make a real difference in
the world. Now, you keep agents alive in cryogenic sleep
and stay ready for any emergency. Given your brushes
with the afterlife, perhaps you should visit the other side.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Mental/Social/Physical

Abilities: (11/7/4) Knowledges/Skills/Talents

Talents: Brawl, Empathy, Intimidation, Leadership

Skills: Melee, Security, Technology

Knowledges: Academics, Bureaucracy, Medicine,
Politics, Science

Variations

Medium — War Zone Medic (Add +1 to Attributes
and +5 to Abilities)

High — World Renowned Surgeon (Add +2 to
Attributes, +8 to Abilities and +4 to Backgrounds; must
take Backgrounds in Resources and Contacts)

ROLE: FIREFIGHTER

Description: All your life, you wanted to make a
difference. You joined the fire department for two rea-
save lives. Second, to experience the thrill
facing down fires. You wanted to be a real-world hero.

As a firefighter, you risked your life almost daily.
When something went down, you were the first person
on the truck. You wanted to be on the scene, charging
in to help.

Nothing was more dangerous than a burning build-
ing. The roof could collapse. The floor could cave in.
Something could ignite and explode. The noise and
smoke might confuse you, blocking your retreat. You've
experienced it all. You reached that point where only
fate decided whether you lived or died in far too many
situations. Nothing fazes you anymore.

Ultimately, injury and a cowardly fire chief drove
you from what you love. A piece of falling debris struck


you in the back, after a fire was out, popping a disc out
of alignment. The department offered you disabilit
The Fire Department would let you spend the rest of
your days filing papers, while the others were on the
front lines. You couldn't imagine sitting ata desk, so you
resigned, hoping to join another Fire Department.

Instead, Orpheus approached you, curious about
your repeated brushes with death. You spent some time
with them and learned there were other fires to fight.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Physical/Mental/Social

Abilities: (11/7/4) Talents/Skills/Knowledges

Talents: Alertness, Athletics, Empathy, Intuition,
Leadership

Skills: Animal Ken, Drive, Melee, Security

Knowledges: Enigmas, Investigation, Medicine

Variations

Medium — Oil-Well Firefighter (Add +1 to At-
tributes, +5 to Abilities; must have Science)

High — Smoke Jumper (+4 to Attributes, +5 to
Abilities; must have Survival)

ROLE: FISHERMAN

Description: Living on a fishing vessel was one of
the craziest things you've ever done. The way you saw it,
the pay was good and you could spend your life on the
sea. You never imagined the power of an ocean storm.
Nothing compared to being lashed toa rail while 30-foot
waves crashed over your ship. If you went overboard, no
one would ever find your body.

Even on a good day, hauling in the nets could kill.
Half the catch might cut a man open or sting him with
a deadly neurotoxin. Even dead things put up a fight
when lifeless bodies twitched from reflex. Everyone
suffered scrapes and wounds. You were poisoned once,
but you pulled through the delirium and didn't lose any
limbs. You were lucky. If things went seriously wrong,
there wasn't any hope of reaching a hospital in time.

The heavy machinery was deadly as well. If a hook
supporting a loaded ton—heavy net gave way at the
wrong time, you'd be crushed. If your harness got caught
in the wrong cables, the machines could pull you into
the gears and pulverize you. When the storms did hap-
pen, the heavy stuff might break free, smashing anyone
in the wrong place to a pulp.

Despite the hardships, you endured, returning to
the sea again and again. Perhaps you'll return again one
day, but your last voyage ended in disaster. A freak storm
sank your ship and only you and another mate reached
a lifeboat. Unfortunately, you went through the food
and water quickly. You lay there in the lifeboat, hoping
someone would find you, baking in the sun. You were
too weak to move. After days of drifting, however,
another fishing vessel found you close to death. During
your time adrift, you remember the sun changing into a

>
softer gentler light while you stared at the sky. You have
vague memories of voices.

You didn't sleep well after the rescue. You felt,
well... haunted by your experience. You contacted
Orpheus, and they asked you to work for them. It can't
be any crazier than the fishing boat.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Physical/Social/Mental

Abilities: (11/7/4) Skills/Talents/Knowledges

Talents: Athletics, Brawl, Intimidation
is: Crafts, Melee, Survival

Knowledges: Medicine, Occult

Variations

Medium — Diver (Add +1 to Attributes and +5 to
Abilities)

High — Ocean Explorer (Add +3 to Attributes, +7
to Abilities and +1 to Backgrounds)

ROLE: GANG MEMBER

Description: Your gang was your religion. They
were your friends and your true family. Your pride, your
self-esteem... everything came from the gang. You bled
for them, and you killed to protect them.

Papers reported "incidents" and "activities," but for
you, those events were life itself. You fought wars with
rival gangs and turned the tables on the Man. On your
turf, you were a prince. Your gang ruled with fists, knives
and guns. Sure, sometimes you capped an innocent, but
that was the bitch about life... it was brutal and short.

Now, life has changed. You took three shots during
the last war, one in the arm, one in the chest and the last
one in the skull. The shot in the arm passed through,
leaving a big hole, but it healed nicely. The shot in the
chest punctured a lung, but it didn't do much more. The
doctor said the bullet to your head hit at just the right
angle to ricochet off. You don't know if you agree with
him. You think you died. You don't know why you're
still here.

Days dragged in the hospital. You woke to that
antiseptic smell and some old nurse trying to be your
mom. You had visitors — cops — who never let you
sleep. Every single day, they kept coming to you with
questions. They asked about drugs and your gang and all
sorts of crazy shit that you really didn't have a clue about.
They never believed a word you said, even when you just
told the truth. You kept waiting to get out, to escape the
daily interrogations. You wanted revenge on the guys
who put you through this torture.

When you got out, you had real problems. Your gang
didn't trust you anymore. You heard the wh

spers: How
did he survive the shooting? Maybe he's with them?
What did he tell the cops? Is he a snitch? Did he make
adeal? Do you think he's wearing a wire? You explained
it over and over, but they gave you the same looks that


fucking word. That's what they were thinking.

You thought these assholes were your friends. You
thought they understood how much you sacrificed for
them. One extended stay in a hospital and they all
turned on you. Fucking hell! You nearly died for them,
and they still didn't trust you! You weren't safe, but you
weren't going to be a victim either. You heard about
Orpheus and contacted them for an interview about
your "NDEs." You went to the interview, hoping for
some easy cash for your story. Instead, they offered you
a job. Orpheus saved you, but you won't stay with them
forever. You have some serious debts to settle back
home. Once you learn what Orpheus can teach you,
you'll be fucking over some people on the streets for
payback.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Physical/Social/Mental

Abilities: (11/7/4) Talents/Skills/Knowledges

Talents: Athletics, Brawl, Intimidation, Streetwise

Skills: Drive, Etiquette, Firearms, Melee, Stealth

Knowledges: Investigation, Law

Variations

Medium — Undercover agent posing as a gang
member (Add +1 to Attributes and +5 to Abilities; must
have Performance)

High — Reformed Gang Leader (Add +2 to At-
tributes and +10 to Abilities)

ROLE: INNER-CITY
GRAOUATE

Description: You're nobody special, but you did
something special with your life. You grew up in the
roughest part of the inner city, and you made it out in
one piece with an education and no record. You lived on
a razor's edge, but you never lost your balance.

It wasn't easy. Luck smiled on you and several good
people helped you make it. Your grandparents raised you
in the projects. They taught you strong values. Your
grandfather wanted to ensure you had a moral founda-
tion to protect you in the tough times. Your grandmother
always listened to your problems first and passed judg-
ment second. Mr. Howard, your high school math
teacher, took the time to pull your head out of your ass
when he caught you trying drugs after school. He under-
stood that angels became victims, but he also verbally
beat it into you that drugs lead to death and jail.

Even with good people trying to help, you came
close to not making it. A party turned lethal when some
so-called friend, drugged everyone. The asshole spiked
the drinks and tainted the food. The paramedics found
him dead on his toilet. You made it home in time for your
grandfather to get you to the ER. Your heart stopped
once in the trauma center, but the doctors revived you.

the damned cops had given you. We don't believe a

~~ ~ os "4
Working during the summer, you collapsed on a con-
struction site from dehydration and heat exhaustion.
Mr. Smith, the foreman, just kept screaming at you to
move your lazy ass. You'll never forget that feeling of
wanting to vomit and pass out at the same time. Thank
God someone realized you weren't faking. In the ambu-
lance, you died. You saw the paramedics and your body
with the I.V. There was a bright light, more brilliant
than the sun, but it didn't hurt your eyes when you stared
at it. Then, God spoke to you. He reminded you of your
grandfather. God said you had to live and graduate. You
thought it was a dream, but the next month you took the
wrong street home from the site. You turned a corner
and gunfire exploded all around you. Blood, flesh and
bone splattered you while you dove to the cement. You
caught a glimpse of gangsters with some heavy weapons
mowing down everything that moved. When the shoot-
ing stopped, you started breathing again. If anything
convinced you that God had a plan, surviving that
shooting did it.

Both of your grandparents died the summer before
your graduation. They left you enough money to make
it through that year, and you toughed it out on your own.
Before they passed on, you swore to both of them that
you would make something of yourself. One day, you'll
return to the hood and help save someone, like Mr.
Howard helped you.

Orpheus hired you because of your NDEs and they
think that makes you special. Well, if they think so, more
power to them. What distinguished you was all the hard
times you survived and the fact you know your grandpar-
ents watch over you. Still, Orpheus has given you an
opportunity. Now, it's up to you to make the best of it.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Social/Mental/Physical

Abilities: (11/7/4) Talents/Skills/Knowledges

Talents: Alertness, Awareness, Intuition, Streetwise

Skills: Drive, Firearms, Stealth, Technology

Knowledges: Academics, Computer

Variations

Medium — Inner City Teacher (Add +1 to At-
tributes and +5 to Abilities)

High — Street Protector (Add +2 to Attributes, +6
to Abilities, +2 to Backgrounds and +2 to Willpower)
ROLE: JANE OO

Description: You haven'ta clue who youare or how
you got here. Something bad happened to you. Some
Samaritan found you lying beside a major road, nearly
dead. By the time you arrived at the hospital, the
paramedics thought they had lost you. They pronounced
you dead upon arrival in the ER, but only moments later,
a moan escaped your lips. Much to everyone's surprise,
the doctors revived you.


While you recovered, a nurse asked you simple
questions about your name, occupation, home ad-
dre: things that you should know. A cold fear
gnawed at you. You couldn't answer a single question.
You honestly didn't remember. Everyone asked you
questions. When you couldn't answer, they asked you
more questions. They drew blood samples, inked your
fingers and even took pictures of y

‘ou. Police investi-
gators, medical staff, even a psychologist who seemed
convinced you were lying kept trying to "help" you
remember. Frustration welled up inside you. You
didn't know where to go or who to trust. Had someone
tried killing you? Did you have friends, family or a
lover desperately looking for you? You didn't know if
you had insurance to pay the hospital.

Orpheus read about you and interviewed you on a
lark. They, and you, were shocked to discover that you
had the right stuff to project. In some way you were a
survivor of multiple NDEs.... Orpheus paid your bills
and provided for you. They helped immensely. Now, you
don't have to worry about where to live or your finances.
You have food, shelter and a job with Orpheus. You still
can't answer any of the big questions and neither can
Orpheus. As you do your work, you keep remembering
fragments of your past. You have flashes of insight on the
strangest subjects. You hope Orpheus can someday help
you find out who you are.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Mental/Physical/Social

Abilities: (11/7/4) Knowledges/Skills/Talents

Talents: Athletics, Awareness, Empathy, Intuition

Skills: Meditation, Stealth, Survival, Technology

Knowledge:
Occult

Variations

Medium — Competent Jane Doe (Add +1 to At-
tributes and +5 to Abilities)

High — Complete Savant Mystery (Add +2 to
Attributes and +10 to Abilities)

ROLE: JOURNALIST

Description: Curiosity rules your life... you never
could steer clear of a mystery. You explored the haunted
house at the end of the street. You asked tough questions of
authority figures, even when it landed you in trouble in
junior high. You have a gift for knowing when someone's
hiding something. You want to set the truth free.

Becoming a reporter was your natural career path.
During idealistic moments you thought you could change
the world, but other times you wanted a Pulitzer, fame
and riches. You loved following stories to the end, no
matter where they led. If you ruffled a few feathers in the
underworld or in the halls of government, then so much
the better. You loved exposing liars.

Academics, Enigmas, Investigation,

sme 5 Ai rat

You were never comfortable with death threats, but
they were part of your life. You made many enemies, and
one of them tried killing you. You parked on your way to
work, opened the car door and gunshots echoed through
the garage. A bullet ripped a hole in your chest. Before
you passed out, you heard the squeal of tires. You had a
near death experience before waking up to an audience
of doctors. You were lucky.

The experience shook you, but it wasn't over. The
news director fired you as soon as you returned to work.
Every one of your reviews had been glowing. You knew you
had powerful enemies, but you didn't know who they were.
Your problem wasn't that you couldn't come up with
anyone; you simply had too many potential suspects.

Losing your job crushed you. You called the compe-
tition and they hung up. No one gave you the time of
day. You never thought about giving up and devised a
plan. You'd go freelance. All you needed was a big story,
one that no one could ignore. You found Orpheus.

You investigated the Orpheus Group, and as you
learned more your curiosity grew. If Orpheus could contact
the dead, then how many mysteries could they solve?
Dreams of interviewing Jack Ruby filled your head. You
changed tactics and joined Orpheus. Now you need to
discover whether their claims are real. If they are, how
many secrets can you uncover by speaking to the dead?

Attributes: (6/4/3) Mental/Social/Physical

Abilities: (11/7/4) Knowledges/Talents/Skills

Talents: Alertness, Empathy, Expression,
Streetwise, Subterfuge

Skills: Etiquette, Performance, Security, Stealth

Knowledges:

Variations

Medium — Crime Correspondent, Tabloid Jour-
nalist (Add +1 to Attributes, +4 to Abilities and +2 to
Backgrounds)

High — War Correspondent, Storm Chaser, Top-
notch Investigative Reporter (Add +2 to Attributes, +5
to Abilities, +4 to Backgrounds and +2 to Willpower)
ROLE: MOUNTHIN CLIMBER

Description: You don't know what drove you to
challenge that first peak. Maybe you wanted to conquer
nature. Maybe you needed to prove something to yourself.
Maybe it was because the mountain was there. One thing's
certain, people don't understand what drives you. They
think you should live a normal life, go about your job,
instead of saving for these expeditions. They see danger as
heavy traffic during their commute. They'll never know
what keeps you going. They will never experience the glory
of watching the sunrise from a summit.

Bureaucracy, Computer, Investigation

The danger always beckoned you. Nothing is like a
nightonamountainside, as you cling to rock with gale force

ane"

winds roaring outside. Nature pushed your body and your
spirit to its limit. It's you against the worst that nature can
throw at you. You istakes. Attempting to climb
without oxygen gave you visions and left you crawling
through the snow. Rescue climbers found you suffering
from pulmonary edema, then airlifted you to safety out of
the base camp. You survived an avalanche that almost
buried you alive and countless bouts with hypothermia.

ou lost a few bits of your extremities to frostbite, but that

s better than gangrene. Maybe it's all finally gotten to

u. You need to know more. Why do you push the limits
of life? What lies beyond?

You came to Orpheus after your expedition
ended in a nightmare. A sudden storm trapped you and
your party on the side of a mountain for two night:
Rescuers found you, delirious, clutching the remains of
a former friend. You were the only survivor. You don't
remember anything but the storm. Perhaps through
Orpheus you can find resolution and peace. You know
about life, now you will learn about death.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Mental/Physical/Social

11/7/4) Talents/Skills/Knowledges
's: Alertness, Athletics, Intuition
crafts, Meditation, Survival

Knowledges: Linguistics

Variations

Medium— Extreme Rock Climber, Rescue Climber
(Add +2 to Attributes, +1 to Abilities and +1 to Will-
power)

High — Eco-Challenge Racer, Everest Guide (Add
+3 toany Attributes, +4 to Abilities, +1 to Backgrounds
and +2 to Willpower)

ROLE: POLICE OFFICER
Description: You were the law. Sworn to protect
and uphold society's rules, you had the training and will
to defend your badge. The law is what you made it,
whether you held to high principles or walked thin line
between yourself and the people you put behind bai

No one prepared you for the harsh realities of life
a cop. You saw the dark sides of more people than you
care to mention. The difference between a criminal and
an upstanding citizen was timing. You grew bitter, but

you had reasons.

Following a tough career from the beginning, you
wanted to prove yourself, so you took chances. You
wrecked two squad cars during pursuits. You rushed in
on a couple of suspects instead of w: g¢ for backup.

hey fired first and you went down. The next time, you
shot first. That time, you killed the wrong guy. Depart-
ment politics took their toll on you as well. When you
learned abouta cop on the take, Internal Affairs told you
to mind your own business. Cops take care of their own,
they said. No one took the time to take care of you.


The daily deluge of the worst aspects of human
behavior was too much. You reminded yourself that all
people weren't scum. Each day, you had a harder time
believing that, especially when slick lawyers would ruin
a year's investigation and let scum walk due to some
technicality. It made you sick.

Finally, you looked for a new career. You wanted
options. When you joined the academy, you hoped to
bring justice to the world. The law wasn't justice. Being
a cop wasn't working for you.

Orpheus now gives you the opportunities to make a
difference. Scum who are beyond the law can't escape
Orpheus. You'll make sure justice is served.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Physical/Mental/Social

Abilities: (11/7/4) Knowledges/Skills/Talents

Talents: Alertness, Athletics, Brawl, Intimidation,
Streetwise

Skills: Drive, Firearms, Melee, Security, Stealth

Knowledges: Bureaucracy, Computer, Investiga-
tion, Law

Must take Backgrounds to justify authority

Variations

Medium — Homicide Detective, Anti-Gang
Taskforce (Add +1 to any Attribute, +2 to Ab S
to Backgrounds and +1 to Willpower)

High — ESU Sniper, Undercover Agent (Add +2
to Attributes, +5 to Abilities, +4 to Backgrounds and +2
to Willpower)

ROLE: PROSTITUTE

S;

kept asking to trade favors for a pharmacy of drugs he
carried around.

The other girls were also a problem. You talked to
them, traded warstories, but at the end of the night, they
were competition. An argument turned into a knife-
fight one week. You won, but she cut you badly enough
that you missed a week on the streets. Your pimp added
injury to injury when you couldn't pay him.

When the recruiter from Orpheus pulled over to let
you in his car, you had no idea that he would change your
life. You don't know how they discovered you. Maybe
the CEO was a former customer, but after everything
you'd survived, you definitely had the qualifications to
flirt with death. If Orpheus can keep you safe and off the
street, maybe you can give management some freebies?

Attributes: (6/4/3) Social/Physical/Mental

Abilities: (11/7/4) Talents/Skills/Knowledges

Talents: Alertness, Empathy, Expression, Intuition,
Streetwise, Subterfuge

Skills: Etiquette, Melee, Performance, Stealth
Law, Politics

Medium — Exotic Dancer, Call Girl (Add +1 to
and +5 to Abilities; must have Performance
and Athletics)
High — Political Escort (Add +3 to Attributes, +5
to Abilities and +5 to Backgrounds: must have Back-
grounds with Contacts)

ROLE: REFORMED CRIMINAL

Description: You wonder why you turned that first
trick. Was it to hurt your family for not loving you
enough as a child? Was it for the excitement? Were you
that desperate for money? Didn't matter... stopping was
definitely harder than starting.

You enjoyed your career fora while. The money was
better than you dreamed and you developeda reputation
that kept men coming back for more. Once you had
them in bed, they all talked. You learned about local
politics, business and sports. You had information that
you could use to invest, gamble or sell for the right price
and you liked the presents your regulars brought you.

The downside made up for the good parts. Cops
harassed you and Officer Martin was your nonpaying
customer. He searched you for weapons once a week,
taking the time to feel all over. Your pimp beat the hell
out of you as an introduction. The good money went
away with him around. Of course, he was never around
when you needed protecting. Once the money dried up,
the johns got worse and you worried more about diseases
you could catch with AIDS, herpes and everything else
making the rounds. The ones who liked it "rough" drove
you to the hospital afterward. A few psychos wanted to
share needles with you. Mr. "Sex, drugs and rock'n' roll"

BHARACTER

OHAPTER

Description: No one who hasn't spent time in
prison can really understand it. You believe everyone
should spend a weekend in jail. If everyone on the
outside learned to appreciate their freedoms, we'd have
amore decent society.

You made a mistake. You didn't think about the
victims, and you don't even really know why you com-
mitted the crime. You wish you could go back, grab your
younger self and shake some sense into him. The police
caught you, and the system made an example of you.

You thought you were tough. You could take any-
thing... you were invincible, the king of the world.
Then, those steel bars slammed behind you and you
learned what hard really meant. One of several things
happened to people in prison. Some just shut down and
fell apart. Others went crazy, ready to fight to the death
to prove their "innocence," just looking for trouble
while becoming worse and meaner than they were
before. You watched the madness turn shoplifters and
drug users into psychotics who'd knife you as soon as
look at you. During a riot, you foolishly tried to prevent
some inmates from killing a guard. After the riot ended,
the guards found your beaten body stuffed in a locker.


beat you like that again, not the guards and not the
prisoners. Anything anyone taught you, you soaked
up. You learned how to kill, how to break into a place,
how to hack into a computer system. You'd make a
much better criminal today, but you also learned
about character and self-respect. You are never going
back. You saw people die in prison.

After you paid your debt to society, Orpheus made
you an offer because you'd had some near-death experi-
ences. Hell, it felt like every day in prison was near
death. You want to cut the past loose, but you can talk
about almost dying if it lands you a steady job. You're
ready to start over and live your life.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Physical/Mental/Social

Abilities: (11/7/4) Talents/Skills/Knowledges

Talents: Alertness, Athletics, Brawl, Empathy, In-
timidation, Streetw

Skills: Crafts, Drive, Melee, Security, Stealth

Knowledges: Computer, Investigation, Law

Variations

Medium— Career Criminal, Mob—Enforcer turned
Informer (Add +6 to Abilities and +3 to Backgrounds)

High — Bad-Ass Robin Hood, Modern Day Count
of Monte Cristo (Add +2 to Attributes, +8 to Abilities
and +4 to Backgrounds)
ROLE: SECURITY GURRD

Description: They could have given you a gun.
That's all you really wanted. You remember your in-
structions. If there's real trouble, call the cops and hide.
Obviously, hiding was the ultimate deterrent against
ne. On the other hand, they also told you to remain
ble. Security doesn't matter if people don't realize it's
there. Of course, if they know you're there, then they'll
take you out...

You were screwed either way.

Everyone in the city at night was packing, except
you. Instead management gave you pepper spray, mace
and a solid flashlight. Now, a high quality metal flash-
light isn't a bad thing, unless the other guy has agun. No
wonder you nearly died several times. You had one good
moment, and that was when you surprised some punk,
shoved your mace up to his nose and sprayed. You felt
kind of bad at how quickly he collapsed, and after the
ambulance carted away his motionless body you won-
dered if you had killed him.

The firm always received strange contracts; you did
security fora mortuary, thinking it would be a cakewalk,
but no, a bunch of lunatic cultists broke in. They beat
the hell out of you and messed with the bodies. Then
there was the time guarding the technologies company.
You walked your rounds, turned a corner and blacked
out; those industrial espionage types were professionals.

You learned from the riot. Nobody would ever Youstill don't know what happened. Atlee

st those were
both better than working mall parking lots during the
holidays or walking the rounds on college campuses.
Half the drunk frat guys were looking for a fight, but
universally the flashlight took care of them.

You read an article somewhere about Orpheus. It
didn't say much, but the group seemed far more interest-
ing than your current life. When they approached you,
you didn't even consider saying no. You made just one
demand: You wanted a gun.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Social/Mental/Physical

Abilities: (11/7/4) Talents/Skills/Knowledges

Talents: Alertness, Athletics, Brawl, Intimidation

Skills: Firearms, Melee, S

Knowledges: Law, Medicine

Variations

Medium — Private Investigator (Add +1 to At-
tributes, +4 to Abilities and +2 to Backgrounds; must
take Investigation and Detective License)

High— Personal Bodyguard (Add +3 to Attributes,
+6 to Abilities and +1 to Willpower)

ROLE: SOLOIER

Description: When you signed on for military ser-
vice, you didn't know what to expect. You read the
briefings, spoke with veterans and saw documentaries,
but nothing prepared you for the real thing. Although
you knew no drill sergeant would kill a recruit during
ba

ecurity, Stealth

ic training, your sergeant ensured you understood

that accidents could happen. He once said, "It's not a
matter of whether you'll break or even when. Everyone
breaks. It's about how fast you get back up."

Some soldiers spend their tours of duty in quiet
places. You missed that option. You traveled to the
world's hot spots, engaging in firefights in Bosnia, Af-
ghanistan and Southeast Asia. You enjoyed the action
but hated the aftermath. One time you had to bury an
entire village. Most of those people were innocent, just
trapped in the wrong place. You watched a buddy step on
a land mine. Fragments of his bones nearly killed you.

As your tour wore on, the poverty and suffering in
war-torn regions took its toll. The military was your
home and your fellow soldiers were family, but compared
to the suffering you witnessed, your career and friends
weren't enough to keep your spirit strong. You didn't re-
enlist and chose civilian life instead.

You went back to the States, enthusiastic about the
possibilities for your future. Once you were a civilian,
however, the world returned your excitement with apa-
thy. No one cared about your service. Greed replaced
honor and duty for most people you met. You missed the
support of your friends.

You searched fora job with meaning and discovered
Orpheus, which recruited you. The organization makes


you feel more at home. They have a unity of purpose
similar to the military. Now, you just need to discover
what they're going to do to break you. You hope you'll
get back up quickly enough.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Physical/Mental/Social

Abilities: (11/7/4) Skills/Talents/Knowledges

Talents: Alertness, Athletics, Brawl, Intimidation,
Leadership

Skills: Firearms, Melee, Stealth, Survival

Knowledges: Law

Variations

Medium — Specialist, Officer (Add +1 to At-
tributes and +5 to Abilities)

High— Special Forces (Add +3 to Attributes, +6 to
Abilities and +1 to Willpower)
ROLE: TRUCH ORIVER

Description: The highways were your home. You
lived on your rig, traveling from truck stop to truck stop,
long days mixed with long nights. You had a few friends
on the road, but mostly you listened to radio stations and
tried remembering the name of the waitress at the next
stop. You learned to make friends out of strangers, at
least for a night.

Companies never cared about you. They all fed you
the same lines. Everything needed delivery as quickly as
possible, but don't drive over the speed limit and don't
spend too many hours on the road. You never saw a job
on paper where you could keep your drive hours down
and stick to the speed limit. The real test of a truck driver
was how long you could stay awake. A lot of guys popped
pills to help, but you tried sticking to hot coffee.

The only people you trusted worked in the garages.
They always had a list of stuff to fix on the rig, but you
knew that management made them send youon the road
before everything was completed. The mechanics al-
ways told you something might go wrong so that, when
you did break down, you had a good hunch for what had
happened. You hated it when they told you to listen to
the brakes.

One problem with driving too long is that accidents
happen. There's no way to avoid them, especially when
too much can happen on the roads. You drive too long
in bad conditions with bad drivers around you and
wham! Someone in a little car is dead.

The biggest problem with accidents is cargo, since
you never really know what you're hauling. The com-
pany tells you one thing, but what ends up in the back
can be another matter entirely. You had medical waste
spill out all over an interstate one time when you
thought you had medical supplies, but the worst one was
abatch of chemicals you thought was fertili
tig smashed into you and your truck became an inferno.

You jumped out of the cab and ran a good distance,
thinking you were safe. A few seconds later, your skin
was burning and you threw up along the shoulder of the
road. Thankfully, you don't remember much after that,
just some gentle dreams. The docs said you nearly died.
Ever since, you've had flashes of those dreams whenever
you suffered a close call.

You told a receiving lady at Orpheus about your
dreams while you delivered some giant tubes to them.
She had you inside interviewing before you finished
unloading. By the end of the night, you hada new home.
You don't have to live life on the road, and you have
much nicer paychecks on the way. Now, you just need to
learn what Orpheus expects you to deliver.

Attributes: (6/4/3) Mental/Social/Physical

Abilities: (11/7/4) Talents/Skills/Knowledges

Talents: Alertness, Empathy, Streetwise, Subterfuge

Skills: Drive

Knowledges: Bureaucracy

Variations

Medium — Military Transport Driver (Add +1 to
Attributes and +5 to Abilities; must have Drive)

High — Race Car Driver (Add +2 to Attributes and
+10 to Abilities; must have Drive)

PERSONALITY
ARCHETYPES:
NATURE ANNO
DEMEANOR

We change how we act depending on whether we're
with our parents, siblings, children, friends, enemies,
store clerks, the boss at work... but each of us follows a
few favored strategies for dealing with other individuals.
Some people prefer adopting a confrontational or ag-
gressive stance; others would rather defer or seek to
please. Some people are highly emotional; others prefer
calm analysis; still others are social chameleons, mim-
icking the people around them.

Often, we do not show how we really feel, or we
disguise our strategies. A shy or frightened person may
act aggressive to keep threatening people at a distance.
A cold and ruthless exploiter may act like everyone's
best friend. By masking our true fears, desires and atti-
tudes, we try controlling how other people treat us. It
isn't really deceit; or if it is, we often fool ourselves as
much as we trick anyone e

Orpheus uses Traits called Nature and Demeanor
to describe how characters approach the world and
other people. Instead of a number, we represent Nature
and Demeanor by brief descriptions and one-word names,
called Archetypes. Think of the Archetypes as capsule


tibe 52 of these Archetypes later in the chapter.

An Orpheus character's Nature expresses her fun-
damental goals and approach to life. It embodies your
character's identity, what she wants and how she pursues
her goals. A character's Demeanor describes the mask
she most often presents to the world. Most mortals adopt
a Demeanor close to their Nature; most folks just don't
work that hard to don a false face.

Demeanor has no game effect at all. It exists purely
to help you remember how to play your character.

Nature has a great many game effects. It is among an
Orpheus character's most important Traits. Nature be-
comes especially paramount for ghosts, because only the
living have a Demeanor. The dead are simpler in some
ways. Their ruling passions are laid bare. They exist,
after all, because some deep desire drove them to endure
after death. Even a feeble drone has performed one
astonishing act of will. Such powerful drives fall under
the purview of

ature.

Ghosts, projectors and ordinary mortals all benefit
from acting according to their Nature. Doing what you
really want, successfully — however you define success
— boosts your self-confidence and strength of purpose.
Every time a character fulfills the requirement of her
Nature Archetype, that character may regain a point of
spent Willpower (see p. 199), if the Storyteller permits.

This does not happen incredibly often. Circum-
stances rarely permit characters to act entirely as their
Nature suggests. We do not intend Archetypes as strait-
jackets that constrain your actions at every moment;
they merely express preferences and habits. Only the
insane follow a single course and a single emotional
tenor regardless the situation.

A character's Shade also expresses something about
her personality, so you should not be surprised that
Natures associate with particular Shades. Nature also
plays a role in determining a character's initial Vitality,
Spite and Willpower. Furthermore, ghosts and proje:
tors can wield special powers over other spooks who fall
within their Shade's cluster of Natures (even if they
choose a Nature outside their Shade's grouping).

NATURE ANDOOTHER
TRAITS

Vitality, Spite and Willpower all represent aspects
and strength of purpose. A
character's Nature suggests something about her general
enthusiasm for life and empathy for other people; hence,
it contributes to Vitality. Nature also suggests the grip
that destructive or self-destructive passions may hold
over a ghost, and so it influences Spite. A character'
-confidence and perseverance, the domain of Will-

of a ghost's personali

power, also clearly connect to her Nature. Each Arche-
type description, therefore, includes a note about how
many Vitality, Spite and Willpower points that Nature
adds to a character.

NATURES FANO
SHROES

Each Shade associates with a cluster of six to eight
Natures. Sometimes the connection between a Shade
and Nature is obvious; in other cases, it may seem
obscure. Shades describe broad, gene
proach existence, so each one accommodates diverse
Natures that may seem opposed to each other at first
glance. For instance, what could link a deceptive Rogue
and a truth-seeking Judge? Both share an aspect of
emotional separation from others — the Rogue to ex-
ploit them, the Judge to preserve his impartie
more, both Archetypes carry an edge of aggre:
Rogue obviously seeks people to use and cheat, but
consider the Judge's assumption of superiority, that he
has the right to say what's true and who's correct, and to
foist his judgment upon others. They are more alike than
either might wish... and Orpheus finds that such simi-
larities are more than superficial. They have real effects.

That said, and as previously mentioned, the Nature
clusters associated with each Shade are not written in
stone. Players may pick a Nature for their character
outside their Shade's recommendations; the Default
Abilities, however, still apply to that specific Nature
and to those associated by Shade.

al ways to ap-

DEF RULT FSILITIES:
THETIESTHAT BIno

Orpheus learned that common psychological fac-
tors create a link between all ghosts and projectors of the
same Shade. By expending her own Vitality, a ghost or
projector can strengthen that link to affect another

spook's emotions — or his very substance

Characters can use only the first power, Detect
Nature Group, without alerting the target. All the other
innate, Nature-based powers require that the character
touch the other ghost to connect to his Vitality.
DETECT NATURE GROUP

Characters can sense which group of Natures 4
person fits within, and therefore know another spook's
Shade without witnessing her powers. What's more, a
character can sense the general Nature of a living
person, and thereby know what Shade the mortal would
become if he became a ghost or projector. Remember,
ghosts and projectors cannot use this (or any other)
power when they are clothed in flesh.


NATURE GROUPINGS

Orpheus psychologists find that Natures exist
in eight clusters, translated into game terms as
follows:

Banshee: Caregiver, Defender, Gallant, Mar-
tyr, Mediator, Penitent

Haunter: Dabbler, Explorer, Loner, Rebel,
Socialite, Thrill-Seeker

Poltergeist: Bravo, Bumpkin, Critic, Judge,
Masochist, Perfectionist, Rogue

Skinrider: Autocrat, Bureaucrat, Competi-
tor, Director, Leader, Mentor, Pedagogue,
Traditionalist

Wisp: Bon Vi
Riddler, Trickster

Mystery Group 1: Architect, Avant-Garde,
Celebrant; Dreamer, Gambler, Visionary

Mystery Group 2: Conformist, Curmudgeon,
Fanatic, Follower, Scientist, Survivor

Mystery Group 3: Addict, Barbarian, Devi-
ant, Grotesque, Monster, Wretch

Rake,

ant, Child, Conniver,

To evaluate someone's Nature, a character's player
need merely spend one point of Vitality while in the
t's presence. The power does not require any dice
roll from the player. The character does not know the
t's exact Nature, only the cluster of related Natures
the Shade the target would manifest — with one
exception. A ghost or projector can tell if the target
shares her own exact Nature
Knowing, at least, the broad outline of another
character's personality helps you in social interactions.
You know what Demeanor is most likely to appeal to the

other person.

mseRY LOVES COMP an

By expending one Vitality, a che
thize" with or attune himself to another gl

‘acter can "empa-
ost in the same
cluster of Natures. For the rest of thescene, the empathizing
character can twist the target ghost's emotions in her favor
as long as the character can communicate verbally. The
target feels great camaraderie to the empathizing ghost.
Misery Loves Company does not work between ghosts of
different Nature groupings.

Misery Loves Company takes a single action to
If the target ghost is actively willing, the

empathizing ghost's player does not need to roll dice to

perform

make the power work. If one ghost does not want to link
her Vitality to another ghost, or lacks enough sense of
self to express an opinion (as with drones or many blips),
the character's player must succeed at a resisted Will-

power roll to use this ability (of course, drones and blips
don't have much Willpower.)

If the bond forms, the character's player receives
two additional dice on all Social rolls directed at the
target ghost. If the two share the exact same Nature, the
bonus rises to four additional dice. This power often

ORFHEUSFANO
neATURE GROUPS

Detecting Nature groups seems very simple,
but this power fascinates Orpheus' staff psy-
chologists. Repeated tests show that different
ghosts infallibly agree ona target person's Shade.
Given a group of people, each ghost divides
them into the same clusters. They have difficulty
explaining the difference in personalities, but
they feel it's there.

One of Orpheus' many small side-projects
consists of recruiting people to take the Min-
nesota Multiphasic Personality Survey and
other psychological tests (typically, they pay
a bunch of college students $20 each to take
the tests.) Ghos
culate among the test-takers and evaluate
their potential Shade, communicating their

essments to projectors who, compile the
information. The psychologists then analy
the tést results to determine what psycho-
logical ttaits link the people in each Shade.
Orpheus believes that such research can at
last place psychology on a rigorous, empiri-
cal footing.

and projected entities cir-

Interestingly, the psychologists findeight per-
sonality clusters exist. Five of them correspond
to the Shades. So far, the other three remain a
mystery. Many Orpheus researchers themselves
fall into two of the "mystery groups." The third
cluster seems associated witha record of criminal
behavior, drug abuse and other forms of social
deviance and emotional disorders.

Naturally, the scientists cannot publish their
complete research methodologies just yet. They
plan to tell all someday, however, and expect
Nobel Prizes for their work. Orpheus allows the
psychologists to publish papers on limited as-
pects of the research, carefully purged of "ghostly
so they can establish their priority.
Other scientists guess the connection easily
enough. If Dr. Jones publishes a remarkable new

mentions,"

paper on personality assessment, and is known to
work for "that ghost company," it doesn't take a
genius to suspect a link.


helps the character break into a blip's routine, encour-
aging the target to talk to the empathizing ghost. The
effects of Misery Loves Company last the rest of the
scene. Subsequently, the character must restart the
communication process when meeting the same ghost
(unless the Storyteller rules the ghost has enough sense-
of-self to remember the character).

SENSE LF ELINE

Regardless of whether a character and ghost share a
Shade, one spook can use an empathic link to locate the
factors preventing the other spirit from "moving on" to
her ultimate fate. Orpheus finds that a ghost's existence
is often tied to specific objects connected to the spirit's
life and death, or deeds the ghost wishes fulfilled. For
instance, the ghost of a murder victim might be mysti-
cally bound to the weapon that slew him. Ghosts of
people who died with some important task not com-
pleted often wish to see that obligation fulfilled. The
researchers dub these emotional bonds "tether:

By spending Vitality point, a ghost or projector gains
clues to another ghost's tethers. This takes the form of a
airvoyant flash: For a few seconds, the empathizing ghost
sees images related to the ghost's tethers, hears voices and

feels emotions. Taste, scent and touch seldom occur in
these dreamlike visions. The empathizing ghost may also
receive a few disjointed words as guidance. After those
clues, Sense Lifeline usually requires some investigation
into a ghost's life and the circumstances of her death to

uncover the exact tether:

Unfortunately, ghosts can seldom give more spe-
cific information about their tethers because they
themselves don't know. A ghost cannot sense his own
tethers, though an intelligent ghost could certainly
make some guesses. Blips and drones have so little sense
of self that they need other spooks to identify the ties
binding them to Earth. A ghost instantly knows a true
tether once another character suggests it, though. You
can jara blip from his routine by telling the ghost one of
his tethers. The blip can at least confirm that that object
or action carries some importance, though not its cur-
rent location or the means to fulfilling it.

See Chapter Four for lists of possible tethers. These
are, of course, merely suggestions. Use them as inspiration
when designing your own tethers for ghosts. See the
Random Ghost Generation section (p. 260) for guidelines
on how many tethers a particular ghost may possess.

SEVERTHE STRAND

Once a character understands why a person, object,
place or event matters to a ghost, he must somehow
resolve the ghost's "unfinished business" with said tether.
This can entail many things. Perhaps the ghost wants
justice for his murder, hence requiring the characters to
apprehend and catch the perpetrator. Maybe, the ghost

wants to make sure his children will be safe (and know
ing that the character is there looking in on them is
enough), or is trapped by the regret of never saying
goodbye (in which case the character becomes a mes-
senger). The ghost may treasure a keepsake, requi
the characters to steal and bury it alongside the ghos
corpse. Such items and their possible connections are
deliberately innumerable to allow the Storyteller the
widest gamut of options in entertaining the players.
Again, however, the Random Ghost Generation sec-
tion (starting on p. 260) provides an ample helping of
possibilities to help guide the Storyteller.

Once the character resolves a tether, he can break
the ghost's connection to that tether through an intense
empathic communion with the spirit. This requires at
least a minute. By helping the ghost understand and
resolve the issues binding him after death, characters
can increase the spook's sense of self.

By breaking all of a ghost's tethers, characters can free
her to move on to her ultimate fate. Some liberated ghosts
rise into the proverbial shaft or tunnel of light. Others fall
into a fissure that belches fire and reeks of brimstone, or a
black vortex of clutching hands and screaming mouths
sucks them down. Still other ghosts may quietly dissolve
into nothing or vanish in some more idiosyncratic way. A
liberated ghost's exit seems to depend significantly on what
beliefs she held about the afterlife and the appropriate fate
for someone like herself.

Infusing a ghost with knowledge of his tether and
the resolution thereof costs a ghost or projector 10
Vitality points (after the investigation, at the point of
communion). Only ghosts or projectors who share the
same cluster of Natures can perform this act. Sever the
Strand does not require a dice roll unless the ghost, for
some reason, does not want his tether resolved. In that
case, the character who wants to Sever the Strand must
somehow immobilize the target ghost and the character's
player must win a resisted Willpower roll before spend-
ing the 10 Vitality points.

Resolving a ghost's tether increases the target's
Vitality rating by one, to a maximum of five. It also
brings benefits to the character who severed the strand.
The emotional fulfillment of this communion reinvigo-
rates the character and purges her own negative emotions.
The character's temporary Vitality rises to 10 points
(including hues, since this is the only time they can
become greater than themselves). The Storyteller may
also deduct up to 5 temporary Spite points from the
character, depending on the altruism of the character's
motives. Helping a pitiful blip say goodbye to his wife
might net the full award; raising the blip to full con-
so you can use him as Spectre-bait probably

sciousnes
would not.


they may
gain even greater rewards. One character — the one
who, in the Storyteller's opinion, does the most to help
the spirit — can lose one permanent Spite rating. This is
a major reward for a character, but great deeds deserve
commensurate rewards.

Characters could resolve all but one of a ghost's
tethers. They could raise a ghost to full consciousness by
removing tethers, but reserve the last tether as payment
for some service. That isn't as noble as sending a ghost
to his reward, but it can net the characters Contacts or
Allies. Then again, some ghosts might not wantall their
tethers broken. They may have reason to fear their final
disposition or want to stick around to pursue agendas of
their own.

THIEVERY

The final use fora spook's empathic link is not so kind.
A ghostor projector can wrest Vitality from another spook,
initiating the violation at no Vitality cost. The attacker
must touch the victim and share a target's Nature (either

exactly or by virtue of Shade grouping). If these conditions
are met, the character may attempt to siphon life essence
from his target. After successfully making contact, the
character engages in a contested Willpower roll (difficulty
6). Ifthe character obtains more successes, he siphons away
one point of Vitality per net success beyond his target's

successes. If he fails to acquire more successes than his
target, he gains no Vitality (and, indeed, will likely be
surrendering Vitality, if the target is also trying to siphon
essence). Stealing life essence is rough on the psyche: Each
time a character does so, the Storyteller must roll the
character's Spite rating (difficulty 6), with each success
cursing the character witha point of Spite. Ifa Vitality theft
ends up turning a target into a Spectre (after having
dropped him to zero Vitality and zero Willpower), the
character immediately gains one Spite Rating.

PERSONALITY
ARCHETYPES

Each Archetype consists of a paragraph describing
its characteristic attitudes and practices, with examples
of the sort of people who exhibit that Nature or De-
meanor. A second paragraph tells how people with that
Nature Archetype may regain Willpower points. The
final line lists the Nature's contributions to a character's
Vitality, Spite and Willpower.

No set of Archetypes can capture the wide array
of human psychology. We encourage players and
Storytellers to design new Archetypes of their own.
The circumstances allowing a character to regain
Willpower should not be easy, but should be feasible

for a character who works at it. Vitality, Spite and


Willpower modifiers always add up to 5 points, with
each modifier ranging from +0 to +3. Yes, this means
that sometimes Spite exceeds the other two scores,
but that's the way life (or death) goes. Some Natures
are more hamstrung than others.

AROoIcT

The Addict cannot get enough of a good thing...
or maybe a bad one. For this Archetype, one source of
pleasure becomes an obsession. People with this Ar-
chetype are more focused than the Bon Vivant (q.v.)
who takes any pleasure he finds, and more dependent
than the Celebrant (q.v.) who takes strength from
her enthusiasm. An Addict has lost control of his
craving. This Archetype often focuses on drugs or
alcohol, but a certain person, place or activity can
also form the basis of an addiction. Gamblers,
amples of

workaholics and stalkers are less obvious e
this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you gorge
yourself on your chosen addiction. Conversely, you
cannot regain Willpower without this crutch.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3
ARCHITECT

The Architect finds purpose in building some-
thing new, which she sees as the best way to help
others. Literal architects are one example, but inven-
tors, entrepreneurs and town founders are also
representative of this Archetype. A place, a machine,
a community, a movement... Architects work in
many ways to improve the world and provide for
others, though sometimes that utopian vision may

come at a cost. Sometimes, certain groups of people
may suffer because an Architect's vision excludes
them. A dictator who crushes all opposition can
exemplify this Archetype, too.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you
establish something of lasting worth or value.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite: +1
AUTOCRAT

The Autocrat wants power over other people.
Some Autocrats genuinely believe that no one else
can match their competence to lead. Others simply
crave power, or fear anyone else having power over
them. People with this Archetype often want every-
one else to know they are in control, but they do not
settle for the trappings of power — a true Autocrat
wants the real thing. Charismatic CEOs, dictators,
gang leaders, drill sergeants and office martinets are
examples of this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you gain
control over a group or situation involving other
individual

Modifiers to Vitality: +1, Willpower: +2, Spite: +2

Pt ET tae
AVEANT-GRARDE
The Avant-Garde is always ahead of the crowd.
People with this Archetype need to be first — the first
to know, to own, to follow the new fad. Novelty is a
virtue for the Avant-Garde, and their greatest joy comes
when other people emulate their choices. Fashion ma-
vens, artists, gadget-heads and trend analysts are examples
of Avant-Garde Archetypes.

—Regaina point of Willpower when youare first to
announce important news or a discovery, or when you
anticipate a popular fad.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1
BARBARIAN

The Barbarian no longer cleaves skulls with a battle-
ax, but he'd like to. People with this Archetype reject both
the rule of law and sneaking intrigue for personal strength
and courage. Unlike the Bravo (q.v.), the Barbarian be-
lieves that simple contests of strength, will and cunning are
"cleaner" than a civilization they view as convoluted and
treacherous. People of the Barbarian Archetype can feel
compassion, but they cannot stand weaklings and cowards
who hide behind the shield of soft words, high titles or other
people's power. Anyone who wants to command a Barbar-
ian must prove her own fitness to lead through greater
strength, wisdom or achievement. Personal honor also
matters tremendously to this Archetype: Nothing offends
a Barbarian more than a broken pledge. Latter-day Bar!
ians can be hard to recognize, but some bikers, gang
members and urban tribalists exemplify this Archetype. So
may some blue-collar workers, "rogue" cops and hard-
boiled private eyes.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever your raw
force or uncompromising honor clearly triumphs over
some overtly "civilized" opponent or situation.

Modifiers to Vitality: +3 Willpower: +0 Spite: +2
BONVIVANT

The Bon Vivant exists for pleasure. This Archetype
sees no deeper meaning to existence, and precious little joy
either; therefore, the Bon Vivant says, "seize any pleasure
you can, while you can, because that's all you have." Bon
Vivants are not necessarily irresponsible, but they have
little faith that any effort can bringan enduring reward. This
Archetype holds special bitterness for low-Vitality ghosts,
for whom life's pleasures have truly ended. Some ghosts,
however, find ways to take their pleasures through Puppetry
or various forms of manifestation. Hedonists, dilettantes
and party animals are examples of this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you enjoy
yourself to the utmost in some novel way. Storytellers
may even award multiple Willpower points for truly epic
revelry, especially if other people find it the most won-
derful experience of their existence.

Modifiers to Vitality: +3 Willpow

+0 Spite: +2


r

The Bravo likes to push other people around. He
knows might doesn't make right, but it sure makes for
fear and obedience, and that's what a Bravo wants.
Many Bravos prefer intimidating their victims through
physical violence, but some of them know how to hurt
their victims socially, too. A teen queen who dominates
her clique through the threat of snubs and expulsion can
any robber, thug or bully.
Bravos can feel pity or kindness; they just consider
brutishness more useful. Some Bravos are actually inse-
cure and use other people's fear to hide their own —

be just as much a Bravo as

even from themselves.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you gain
your way through raw force or intimidation.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spit
BuUMFHIN

The Bumpkin believes in a practical approach
and common sense. People with this Archetype
distrust theory and ideology. They are the ones who
bring a far-ranging discussion back to earth and look
for solutions to problems

+3

nstead of causes or blames.
Unlike the Judge (q.v.) or Scientist (q.v.), the
Bumpkin's rationality is grounded in life experience,
and pretty chains of reasoning matter less than
achieving results. Self-taught mechanics, shrewd
country folk and sensible parents are good examples
of this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you cut
through airy speculation or convoluted argument with a
simple, practical solution.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spit
BURERUCRAT

Rules exist for a reason and the Bureaucrat is deter-
mined to follow them. People with this Archetype care
about proper procedures.
results. Some Bureaucrat Archetypes are dull drones, but
many of themsincerely believe that if people did not follow
the rules and obey the proper authorities, the result would
be deadly anarchy. Clerks
large organizations are examples of this Archetype.

+1

. sometimes more than earning

— Regiin.a point of Willpower when you success
fully resolve a crisis by following procedures set down by
some established authority.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spit
CRREGIVER

The Caregiver finds fulfillment in providing aid
and comfort to others. Typical examples include
nurses, doctors, social workers and community volun-

+1

teers of all sorts, as well as loving parents. A Caregiver
may help others physically, through food, money or
services, but these are mere vehicles for the emo-
tional succor they offer. Other people often come to

—

veh

nd functionaries in all sorts of

GHAPTER TH

Caregivers with their problems because they know
they will receive help, or at least a shoulder on which
to cry. Ghosts with a Caregiver Nature often haunt
their still-living friends or family and try to help them
as their "guardian angel," or they carry tethers related
to people they cared for in life.

—Regain a point of Willpower when you successfully
protect or nurture someone else in an important way.

Modifiers to Vitality: +3 Willpower: +1 Spite: +1
CELE SRANT

Everyone has activit
ebrant turns one activity into an obs

s they enjoy, but the Cel-
ion. Lucky
Celebrants can focus their enthusiasm into a job.
Others must leave their favorite activity as a hobby.
Given the chance, a Celebrant pursues her obsession
as deeply as possible. Nearly any activity, from cur-
rency trading to building model spaceships, can
serve as a Celebrant's obsession; players must select
an enthusiasm for their Celebrant characters. This
Archetype differs from the Fanatic (q.v.) in that the
Celebrant pursues his interest for the fun of it rather
than any sense of duty. Examples of this very broad
Archetype range from social crusaders to hobby
enthusiasts.

— Regain a point of Willpower any time you con-
vert another person to your passion or pursue it in some
remarkable way. Conversely, lose a point of temporary
Willpower whenever you are denied your passion or it is
badly lost to you.

Modifiers to Vitality: +3 Willpower: +0 Spite: +2
CHILO

People with this Archetype need no help getting
in touch with their inner child; they need help with
their inner adult. The Child seeks
him what he wants, preferably right now. No inno-
cent, Child Archetypes are just immature brats in
adult bodies. Actual children, mama's boys and daddy's
little girls mples of this Archetype, as well as
some drug abusers, cult members or loyal minions of
any sort. Alive or dead, the Child Archetype is an
asy recruit for anyone who offers to care for him.

someone to give

ree

— Regain a point of Willpower when you con-
vince someone to coddle you or cater to your demands
for instant gratification, at no gain to themselves.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3
ComPetitoR

For this Archetype, everything is a contest and
the Competitor means to win. People with this Ar-
chetype strive to be the best at what they do, from
sports to stock brokerage. While Competitors are
often deadly serious about achieving their rewards,
the mere fact of winning is the greatest reward of all. |


£u
Professional athletes, go-getter executives and trial
lawyers are examples of this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you
succeed at a test or challenge. The Storyteller may
award more than one point of Willpower if the vic-
tory is especially difficult.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1
Conf ORMST

The Conformist wants someone to follow. This
does not necessarily make a Conformist cowardly or
unimaginative; he simply wants someone else to
supply a direction. These are the helpers, the sup-
porters and implementers who work without
complaint and accomplish their job. Examples of this
Archetype include contented middle managers,
groupies, party voters and all sorts of organization
men and underling

— Regain a point of Willpower on occasions
when the group or someone in the crucible achieves
st support.

one of its goals due to your steadfas

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3
CconniveER

Thief, swindler and parasite are some of the
milder terms used by those who encounter the Con-
niver. People with this Archetype look for the easy
way, the fast buck, the scam to persuade someone else
to do all the work. The Conniver feels no shame in
tricking, cheating or outright robbing other people;
he believes they would do the same to him if they
could. Many Connivers are outright criminals, such
as confidence tricksters or burglars. Other examples
include men who sponge off gullible girlfriends,
women looking for sugar daddies, mooching neigh-
bors and all sorts of hucksters, from phony psychics to
Internet spammers.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you
someone into doing something for you.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3
CRITIC

The Critic finds purpose in revealing weaknes:
and faults, whether in a plan, a work of art, an
organization or a belief. People who follow this
Archetype believe that a flaw cannot be repaired
until someone points it out, and they
duty whether other people want their help or not.
Social gadflies, art and literary critics, some academ-
i Parker neighbors and relatives exemplify
this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you
indicate a significant flaw that other people missed,

tric

ses

ccept this

which would have caused harm had you not de-
tected it.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2
CURMUDGEON

The Curmudgeon believes he's seen it all, and he
doesn't like it. People with this Archetype go be-
yond skepticism to pessimism and fatalism. They
take dour pleasure in pointing out the flaws and
follies of everyone else, and in finding a cloud to
cover every silver lining. Some people adopt a cyni-
cal stance because they think it's hip and cool not to
believe in anything or anyone, but being a true
Curmudgeon usually means a long lifetime's worth
of personal disappointments and seeing people com-
mit the same dumb mistakes over and over again.
Examples of Curmudgeons include sharp-tongued
oldsters, debunkers, cynical advertising personnel
and political consultants.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever some-
one does something stupid, just like you said they
would. You must predict the failure or idiocy aloud or
ina note you pass to the Storyteller. Be warned: If you
predict failure whenever anyone attempts anything, in
hopes of harvesting Willpower whenever something
goes wrong, your Storyteller may start assessing Will-
power penalties when other people succeed despite
your predictions. If anything disheartens a Curmudg-
eon, it's being the stupid failure himself.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2
OFRBSLER

The Dabbler might be called a serial Celebrant
(q.v.). She flits from idea to idea, passion to passion
and project to project. Each enthusiasm consumes her
for a while... but some new interest always beckons.
Dabblers seldom finish anything, which infuriates
people who catch their excitement and believe their

s. Some Dabblers change their favorite band
; others change their job, religion or spouse.

S

promis
or hobby
— Regain a point of Willpower each time you
find a new enthusiasm and drop your old one
completely.
Modifiers to Vitality: +3 Willpower: +1 Spite: +1
oEFENOER

The Defender may work through warfare, law,
medicine, politics, religion or other means, but folks
with this Archetype always devote their existence to
safeguarding someone or something else. A Defender
may protect a person, a community, a location or an
ideal. Typical examples of Defenders include cops,
bodyguards, public-interest lawyers and activist clergy.

sa APT om


"pan co Dh
—Regaina point of Willpower when you success-
fully protect your charge from some hostile threat.

Modifiers to Vitality: +3 Willpower: +2 Spite: +0
oEVIANT

The Deviant possesses strange appetites, ide:
habits that place her beyond the pale of conventional
society. Unlike the Grotesque (q.v.), the true Devi-
ant acts and thinks strangely, not to shock other
people, but because she must. Some people show their

or

deviance openly through their speech or dress; other
people follow quieter compulsions through their bi-
zarre opinions or take care to indulge their tastes in
private. Conventional people often believe the Devi-
ant insane or immoral, and some genuinely are, but
many Deviants simply think and act according to
standards uniquely their own. Extremists, crackpots,

mental outpatients, sexual fetishists, eccentrics and
outright weirdoes are Deviant Archetypes.

—Regaina point of Willpower whenever you can
openly defy social mores without retribution, or when
other people admit your bizarre ways were actually
right in some circumstance.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2
OIRECTOR

Director Archetypes seek to take control and
drive other people to complete useful tasks. Unlike
the Autocrat (q.v.), the Director cares less for
acknowledged power and more about results: People
following this Archetype can guide with a soft
touch, though with no less determination to see
their will done. Directors also loathe disorder, and
may consider efficiency and organization worthy

goals in themselves. Coaches, teachers and leader

of impromptu or volunteer groups are examples of
this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you influ-
ence a group in completing a difficult tas

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite: +1
ORERMER

The Dreamer rejects the world as it is. Some
people with this Archetype imagine "what could be"
but lack a plan or the drive to implement their
visions. Other Dreamers lose themselves in pure fan-
tasy. Some Dreamers lose contact with reality and
mistake imagination for how the world really works.
Dreamers can change society, though, if they find
someone to believe in their dreams or drive them to
action. This is not always a good thing. Dreamer
Archetypes may include artists, tinkerers and social
critics as well as fans of science fiction, romance

novels or other genre fiction. At another extreme,

Reactant

however, they might be terrorists and other members
of violent fringe groups.

—Regaina point of Willpower when other people
show they value your imagination in some important
way, like paying for it or changing their own course to
follow your vision.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +1 Spite: +2
EXPLORER

The Explorer loves discovering new, lost or ob-
scure people, places and things, from a ruined temple
in China to a great new Afri
other side of town. For people with this Archetype, no
joy can match the thrill of discovery. They despise the
familiar and devote great effort in search of the
unknown. Naturalists, archeologists, collectors and
some enthusiasts can be examples of this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you
make a significant discovery.

Modifiers to Vitality: +3 Willpower: +1 Spite:
FRNMATIC

The Fanatic believes he serves a higher purpose.
Fanatics act from a sense of duty — evena divine calling
— rather than for amusement or any conventional
reward. The transcendent importance of a Fanati
justifies any means to that end, and anyone who will not
help the Fanatic better move out of his way. Some
Fanatics regard themselves as expendable for the cause,
ary. After
all, so few people pursue their calling with the diligence
it deserves. If a Fanatic feels guilt, it is for not spending
more time and effort on his goal. Players of Fanatic
Archetypes must choose a cause for their character to
further. Revolutionaries and religious and political zeal-
ots are typical examples of Fanatics.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you
accomplish a task that advances your cause in some
important way.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1
FOLLOWER

The Follower prefers not standing on her own.
Instead, she attaches herself to people of power or status,
hoping their success carries her along. A Follower may
work at a patron's direction, but they prefer earning
their way through bootlicking and flattery. Unlike the
genuinely loyal Conformist (q.v.), the Follower at-
taches herself to individuals for what she can gain from
them and she readily abandons them when more power-
ful or generous patrons come along. Sycophants, groupies
and professional show-b
lower Archetypes.

Nn restaurant on the

+1

s goal

but many consider themselves utterly nec

minions are examples of Fol-


—Regaina point of Willpower when your toadying
prompts a stronger person than yourself to defend you or
reward you.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3
GAMBLER

To the Gambler, life is a game of chance. It isn't
whether you win or lose, it's the thrill of uncertainty that
draws people of this Archetype. Gamblers may place
themselves in danger just for the thrill of escaping it.
Unlike the Thrill-Seeker (q.v.), the Gambler relies
more on luck than skill, though many people with this
Archetype believe they have a way to "beat the odds."
Daredevils, extreme-sports fanatics, stock traders and
some folks in dangerous professions (like soldiers) may
embody this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you risk big and
pecially if you stacked the odds against yourself.
Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +1 Spite: +2

GALLANT

A Gallant lives for the admiration of others. Gallant
Archetypes strive to become the center of attention.
They are always on stage, metaphorically speaking, with
everyone around them playing their audience. Some
Gallants have difficulty achieving long-term goals be-
cause they are too easily distracted by the lure of more
immediate glory. Showoffs of all sorts exemplify Gallant
Archetypes; more specific instances include actors, tem-
peramental pro athletes and annoying drama queens.

eed, es

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you
successfully dazzle another person. The Storyteller re-
mains final arbiter of when you sufficiently impress
someone, even (or especially) in the case of other
players' characters.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1
GROTESQUE

The Grotesque derives pleasure and a feeling of
power from shocking other people, with a blush, gasp
or angry expletive as her applause. As a twisted
reflection of the Gallant (q.v.), people with this
Archetype discover what upsets people and inflicts it
on them. Nothing is too low for the Grotesque, from
bodily noises to insulting someone's mother. Class
clowns, shock radio hosts and gross-out comedians
are examples of this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when your display
completely outrages someone — or when your audience
cheers and eggs you on.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3
JUDGE

Rational thought is the hallmark of the Judge.
These people love analyzing the evidence and assem-
blinga chain of logic that leads toa correct conclusion.
Being right is of paramount importance to Judge


Archetypes. They often insert themselves into di
putes — not to bring people together, as such (that
the Mediator's job), but to find the truth and persuade
others to see reason. Judge Archetypes may feel impa-
tience toward people and ideas they see as too
"fanciful" or intuitive. Actual judges and lawyers may
display this Archetyp well as scientists, engi-
neers, doctors and detectives.

— Regain a point of Willpower
reconcile dissenting parties through rea
you solve a mystery by assembling the available clues.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2
LEAROER

The Leader forges disparate individuals intoa united
team. This Archetype differs from the Autocrat and
Director (q.v.) in that the former Archetype focuses on
power, the latter on results. The Leader lives for the
moment when people come together for a common goal
— under her guidance, if not her obvious authorit
Military officers, coaches, community leaders and bi
ness team managers exemplify this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when your leade:
ship enables your group to survive a crisis threatening to
tear it apart, or to achieve a goal no individual member
could achieve on their own.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1
LONER

The Loner prefers his own company and may actively
keep other people at a distance, at least in an emotional
sense. This Archetype is about more than just isolation,
though. Loner Archetypes seek independence and self-
reliance; they do not want to depend on other people.
Hermits, criminals, radicals and freethinkers exemplify this
Archetype, but many Loners hold regular jobs while re-
maining almost unknown to their co-workers.

ch time you
son, or when

— Regain a point of Willpower when something
you achieve by yourself nevertheless benefits your cru-
cible in some way. The Storyteller may grant two
Willpower points if your success is especially notable or
in spite of strong opposition.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2
MARTYR

The Martyr sacrifices her own benefit for the sake of
others. Some Martyrs exemplify the Archetype's name
through grand acts of suffering in defense of a cause.
Others make smaller and quieter sacrifices in hopes the
can help another. Martyrs may exaggerate their suffer-
ing to win attention or sympathy, but many people who
follow this Archetype sincerely believe that any present
hardship serves some greater good. Such conviction
gives a Martyr the strength to endure great suffering and
adversity without complaint. Idealists, outcasts and poor
but hard-working parents are Martyr Archetypes.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you
endure some great sacrifice for another's gain or for the
sake of your ideals.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1
nAaeSOCHIST

The Masochist takes a strange, backward pleasure in
his own capacity to receive pain and abuse. Masoch
enjoy humiliation, degradation, denial and physical
suffering. Some examples of this Archetype use pain to
test their mental and physical limits. Others take a
perverse pleasure in submission or suffering, because at
least it attracts attention... and some Masochists just
don't know anything else but pain. Certain "extreme"
athletes and urban tribalists may be of the Masochist
Archetype; so may the clinically depressed or victims of
prolonged abuse.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you suffer in
some way you never have before or when you succeed
despite great pain or personal discomfort.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2
nEoleToOR

The Mediator enjoys bringing folks together.
People with this Archetype serve as go-betweens,
negotiators and facilitators. They try resolving dis-
putes and building alliances, and they can easily see
multiple points of view. Unlike the Judge (q.v.), a
Mediator does not particularly care about truth, only
about agreement. Agents, diplomats, contract law-
yers and some politicians are Mediator Archetypes.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you bring a
negotiation to a conclusion that satisfies both sides.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +1 Spite: +2
mEntToR

The Mentor teaches through experience and example.
Unlike the wordy Pedagogue (q.v.), the Mentor imparts
knowledge through actions. People with this Archetype
guide (or push) people into situations where they can learn
a lesson, whether it's helping a doctoral candidate com-
plete her thesis or giving Junior his first hangover so he
knows what it's like. Mentors consider blunders and pain
suitable teaching tools: When the student falls once, he
s better attention next time. Teachers, big brothers and
sisters, and tradesmen who take on apprentices and interns
may be Mentor Archetypes.

— Regain a point of Willpower when someone
"learns by doing" under your guidance.

Modifiers to Vitality: +3 Willpower: +1 Spite: +1
monsTeR

The Monster knows he is evil and accepts it. People
with this Archetype might not actually espouse an "Evil,
be thou my Good" philosophy, but that's certainly the


impression their victims receive. The Monster may
loathe himself or revel in his malevolence — or both —
but he cannot resist his nastier compulsions. Rare Mon-
sters try finding some "greater good" in their evil by
serving as a warning to others. Spectres, criminals and
extremely disturbed (and disturbing) mortals can exem-
plify the Monster Archetype.

— Monster characters should pick one favored sort
of malignant deed. They regain Willpower when they
indulge that urge. For instance, a vandal earns back
Willpower through wanton destruction, while an apos-
tate regains Willpower by leading another person to
doubt her faith. Pick a destiny and fulfill it.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2
PEDRGOGUE

The Pedagogue knows it all and wants you to know
it too. Pedagogue Archetypes readily share their knowl-
edge, often at great length. Some Pedagogues are
enthusiasts vocal about their interests; others feel a
mission to help others through expertis
just blowhards and intellectual showoffs. Teachers, li-
brarians, "experts in their field," the overeducated and
general know-it-alls exemplify this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when another
person benefits from what they learned from you. You
need to know how they benefited.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2
PENTENT

The Penitent believes she has done wrong and
means to atone for it. Some Penitents are consumed
with guilt for genuinely terrible deeds, but this is not
actually necessary for this Archetype. Everyone harms
other people in little ways, or at least fails to help now
and then, but the Penitent feels a greater sense of
responsibility. Some Penitents believe their very ex-
istence asin for which they must atone. Whatever the
reason, people with this Archetype expend great
effort recompensing the universe for their shortcom-
ings. Despite the Archetype's religious connotations,
however, actual religious belief is not necessary. Re-
formed criminals, charity workers, people with low
self-esteem, some extremely religious folks and "un-
quiet spirits doomed to walk the earth" are typical
Penitent Archetypes.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you feel you
have fully done penance for a given grievance. The
redemption should be of the same magnitude as the
offense — the greater the transgression, the greater
the atonement. The Storyteller acts as final arbiter in
judging adequate acts of reparation.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite: +1

e; and some are

PERF ECTIONIST

A job worth doing isa job worth doing perfectly, and
the Perfectionist accepts nothing less. A Perfectioni
Archetype spends long hours detailing her plans and is
not satisfied unless they are executed flawlessly. People
who follow this Archetype expect the same commit-
ment and attention to detail from other people, too
(often aggravating them in the process). Perfectionists
run the risk of never achieving much because of their
obsessive need to work out every little detail. Theatrical
directors, computer programmers, Olympic trainers and
some particularly obsessive hobbyists are all Perfection-
ist Archetypes.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you achieve
a goal without any demonstrable flaw or impediment.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite: +1
RAKE

Every society sets limits on what people may do for
fun. The Rake enjoys defying those limits. Public in-
toxication, illicit or deviant sex and petty (or not so
petty) crime give the Rake a special rush. Unlike the
Bon Vivant (q.v.), the Rake specifically seeks the for-
bidden; unlike the Rebel (q.v.), he sees no higher
purpose in challenging social boundaries. The Rake also
cares less about an audience than does the Grotesque
(q.v.). Naughty children, delinquent teenagers and con-
troversial celebrities exemplify this Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when a "forbidden"
or "disgraceful" act leads to pleasure and you escape the
social consequences... at least for now.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +1 Spite: +2
REBEL

The Rebel hates authority and feels a need to
challenge and undermine it. Some Rebel Archetypes
sincerely believe they oppose a social evil, but most are
driven (consciously or not) by some personal grievance
against an authority figure. Teenagers, political radicals,
some criminals and deliberate nonconformists may all
be Rebel Archetypes.

— Regain a point of Willpower when your actions
significantly damage your chosen opponent or lead
others to doubt or reject it as well. The player should
choose the person, institution or idea that her character
rebels against.

Modifiers to Vitalit

RIDOLER

The Riddler wraps himself in mystery. People of this
Archetype love to baffle, mislead and confuse the folks
around them for the sense of intellectual superiority that
it brings. Riddlers may enjoy penetrating someone else's
secrets, but their greatest fear is that anyone will un-

+1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2


cover the truth about them. Deep-cover agents and
intellectual poseurs may exemplify this Archetype.

— Regain one Willpower when you manage to
confuse or mislead another person.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1
ROGUE

ter. Heads of high-s

ciety families, libertines, popular
kids and diplomats are examples of this Archetype.

—Regainapointof Willpower when youdeflatea volatile
situation and retum a gathering to peace and harmony.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1
SURVIVOR

The Rogue sees himself as a lone wolf in a world
of sheep. No one matters to a Rogue Archetype but
himself. Rogues pride themselves on their self-suft
ciency and view dependence on others as a weakness.
This Archetype has aspects in common with the
Loner (q.v.) and Conniver (q.v.). The Loner, how-
ever, would see exploiting others as a form of
dependence, while the Conniver needs other people
for his social manipulations. A Rogue can simply take
the money and run, with never a backward glance.
Many sorts of criminals embody the Rogue Arche-
type, as well as slum-dwellers, smugglers and the more
ruthless sort of capitalist.

—Regain a point of Willpower when you profit
from your selfishness, whether materially or other-
wise. The Storyteller may award two Willpower points
if you acquire your gain without exposing your selfish-
ness or any weakness.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpowe:
Ssclentist

To the Scientist, e to solve.
People with this Archetype methodically examine
every situation in search of logical explanations and
general rules they can apply elsewhere. This is not to
say a Scientist Archetype always seeks a scientific
explanation. People with this Archetype can try to
quantify the world into systems that seem com-
pletely insane to anyone who does not accept their
peculiar reasoning. Actual scientists often have this
Archetype, but so do conspiracy theorists and schol-
arly occultists.

+2 Spite: +2

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever your
logical, systematic investigation enables you to solve
a problem, or a theory you developed in the course
of one inquiry proves useful in another, similar
situation.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite:
SOcIRaLITE

The Socialite might not live by wit and charm, but
she certainly lives for them. The social graces become an
art form for people with this Archetype, by which they
make other people happy and keep the peace. Whether
at a formal-dress ball or a bull session around the office
water cooler, the Socialite's charm and subtle diplomacy
encourages people to calm down, relax and enjoy them-
selves. Whether this light manipulation also leads to
behind-the-scenes influence or not is up to the charac-

|

The Survivor won't give up. Regardless of the
adversity or how great the odds, people with this
Archetype refuse to surrender. When strength, smarts,
guile and connections fail, Survivor Archetypes of-
ten pull through on sheer determination. Survivors
are often frustrated by others' acceptance of "what
fate has in store" or achieving less than they could.
Outcasts, street folk and idealists may well be $
vor Archetypes.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you survive
a threatening situation through tenacity, or when
your counsel and example lead another person to
persist despite adversity.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpower: +2 Spite: +1
THRILL-SEEHER

The Thrill-Seeker lives for the rush brought on
by danger. Unlike those of arguably saner disposi-
tion, the Thrill-Seeker thinks risking injury and
death is fun. Thrill-Seekers are not actually suicidal;
they just love the adrenaline rush of testing their
skills under pressure. "Extreme" athletes, exhibition-
ists and some criminals or soldiers may all embody
the Thrill-Seeker Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you know-
ingly undertake a dangerous task and succeed at it.
"Thrill-seeker" does not mean "stupid" or "suicidal,"
though: The Storyteller can choose not to reward a
player who gratuitously sends her character into point-
peril for the sole purpose of regaining Willpower.
Modifiers to Vitality: +3 Willpower: +0 Spite: +2

TRADITIONALIST

The Traditionalist takes comfort in the tried and
true. People with this Archetype would argue that the
ists because it works, and novelty means
unnecessary risks. They differ from the Bureaucrat (q.v.)
in that Traditionalists value the old and familiar, while
Bureaucrats value procedure for its own sake. A skeptic
might note that Traditionalists often hold comfortable
and secure positions in the systems they defend, but that
does not make them less sincere. Conservatives, author-
ity figures, judges and low-level politicians are often
examples of this Archetype.

—Regaina point of Willpower when you succe:
fully resist an attempt at "change for the sake of
change." You also regain a point of Willpower when
sticking to old, proven ways turns out to be the best.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +2 Spite: +2

urvi-

less

status quo e

s+


TRICHSTER

No matter how grima situation becomes, the Trick-
ster can find a bit of humor in it. Tricksters abhor sorrow
and pain, so they try lightening the mood with a joke.
Although many Tricksters use comedy to hide their own
misery, some people with this Archetype use laughter as
a weapon to point out folly and injustice. Comedians,
satirists, cartoonists and class clowns often fall into the
Trickster Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when your humor
lifts the spirits of other people, especially if you can
forget your own pain in the process.

Modifiers to Vitality: +2 Willpowe:
VISIONARY

The Visionary looks beyond present realities to see
amazing possibilities. Unlike the idle Dreamer (q.v.), the
Visionary believes her imagination can become reality if

+2 Spite: +1

enough people work to accomplish it. Thus, people with
this Archetype often challenge social conventions and
Even the most progressive

criticize the tried and true.
society feels some discomfort with the Visionaries who
drive change; in traditional cultures, Visionaries may face

actual threats to their existence. Philosophers, scientists,

inventors, social reformers and some science fiction writers
often are Visionary Archetypes.

Regain a point of Willpower whenever you
convince other people to have faith in your dreams and
follow the course of action suggested by your vision.

Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +3 Spite: +1
WRETCH

The Wretch despises himself and assumes everyone

else does too. People with this Archetype experience so
much rejection they come to expect it. Sometimes the
Wretch seeks pity and aid from others, but it's nev
enough. Sometimes a Wretch see!

s to punish those who
show him compassion, due to a mix of suspicion and
bitterness at past betrayals of his trust. Whiners, passive-
aggressive neurotics, victims of abuse and "slaves" or
"pets" (extreme submissives in sexual contexts) can be
examples of Wretch Archetypes.
Regain a point of Willpower when others vilify
you as worthless or despair of ever reaching you
Modifiers to Vitality: +1 Willpower: +1 Spite: +3

ATTRIBUTES

These Traits describe the basic strengths and weak-

nesses of characters, apart from any training, social
connections or possessions. Every living and ghostly
creature has Physical, Mental and Social Attributes.
These Traits are charted on a scale of one to five dots.
Most people receive ratings from one (poor) to three
(good, but nothing special) in their Attributes. People
with Attributes rated from four (excellent) to five (a


TD,

mortal paragon of that Trait) are clearly extraordinary.
No human or ghost has a natural Attribute score above
five, but certain Horrors may allow users to exceed this
limitation for short periods.

Some players may wonder how ghosts and projected
entities can have certain Traits, especially physical
ones, without bodies. It may also seem strange that a
character's Attributes remain the same in or out of his
body. How can a ghost exert Strength without muscles?
Why shouldn't a person with a slow and awkward body
become quick and agile out of it? If a ghost's body is a
figment of her imagination, why shouldn't characters
manifest whatever bodies they want?

One answer lies in habit. Take Strength as an
example. For corporeal creatures, Strength comes
from muscular bulk and conditioning. Ghosts and
projected entities don't have muscles, but they pos-
sess a memory of them, and that memory determines
how much force they can exert against the physical
world (when materialized) or against each other.
Dexterity and Stamina work the same way: A clumsy
person knows he cannot do backflips, and a sickly
person expects to tire quickly.

Keeping a projector's Attributes the same in or out
of his body also keeps the game simpler. Players have
enough to keep track of already. Ifyou want to make your
character less competent than her Attributes suggest
when she's in her body, just for the roleplaying chal-
lenge, good for you.

Some powers do allow characters to alter their At-
tributes, or at least achieve a similar result. Such powers
require thata ghost or projectorexpend some of his psychic
force and the effects last only a short time. See Chapter
Two for descriptions of the various Horrors.

PHYSICAL

Physical Attributes represent the capacities of a
character's body. The Strength Trait measures a
character's muscular power; Dexterity, her speed, agility
and precision of movement; and Stamina, her toughness
and endurance. Ghosts and projected entities don't
have a corporeal body, but they imagine they do and
that's enough to give them Physical Traits.
STRENGTH

"DON'T TOUCH ME!" The blip reared upright and
away from Hoyt's sympathetic hand on his shoulder. The
ghostly young man was... taller than Hoyt expected. The
blip's fists smashed down against the Haunter's own pro-

jected form. "DIRTY! DIRTY! BAD TOUCH!"

Forallhis fury, the ghost didn' tknow the first thing about
fighting. Hoyt easily caught the blip's wrists. "Whoa, ease up
buddy," Hoyt said.

Suddenly, the blip had his own hands on Hoyt's wrists

and the Haunter found himself hurled across the room and
through the wall. As the blip leaped through the wall after
him, Hoyt realized that talking to the blip might be harder
than he'd expected.

This Trait measures a characte} pacity to apply
physical force. Characters use Strength to lift and carry
loads, push or pull heavy objects, jump, climb or break
things. Strength also adds to a character's damage dice
pool for hand-to-hand combat.

Specialties: Iron Grip, Heavy Lifting, Unstoppable,
Wiry, Massive, Reserves of Strength, Strong Back, Body-
builder Physique, Piledriver Fists
. Poor: You can lift 40 lbs. Child or feeble oldster.
Average: You can lift 100 Ibs. Normal adult.
Good: You can lift 250 lbs. Trained (or self-
trained) athlete.

Exceptional: You can lift 400 Ibs. NFL line-

backer.

e@eeee Outstanding: You can lift 650 Ibs. Olympian
weight lifter.

OfXTERITY

The butcher knife whizzed past Ethan's ear. The crippled
young man threw himself sideways to avoid it, and his
wheelchair toppled over. As the mystery poltergeist whirled
the knife around for another pass, Zoé spun out silver threads
to snatch a brass tray from the coffee table. Ethan dragged
himself behind the couch while Zoé blocked the knife with the
tray — parrying the blade in a series of hollow metal pangs.
But the other Poltergeist was fast, so very fast... Zoé knew
if she did not find a way to stop him soon, the knife would slip
past her defense and Ethan would die.

This Attribute combines speed, reflexes, reaction
time, precision and coordination of movement. A circus
acrobat, a skilled pickpocket, a karate master and a
target-shooting champion all show aspects of a high
Dexterity. This Trait measures how well you direct
things to go where you want, whether it's doing a back-
flip, picking a lock or sending the eight-ball into the
corner pocket. Most forms of physical combat use Dex-
terity in the dice pools for attacking or dodging.

Ghosts and projectors no longer suffer the limits of
flesh, but habit can be very strong. Dexterity comes from
training as well as any physical property of nerves and
muscles. A person with a high Dexterity doesn't need to
stop and think what to do; he's practiced enough to
dodge a punch, throw a grenade on target or thread a
needle by reflex. That mental Dexterity stays the same
whether a character has a physical body or not.

Specialties: Lightning Reflexes, Perfect Balance,
Swift, Graceful, Nimble, Steady Hand, Athletic, Sure-
Footed, Lithe, Flexible
. Poor: You are clumsy and awkward, all thumbs,

two left feet and slow besides.


ee Average: You're no gymnast, but you can get
around okay.

eee ~~ Good: You have some real athletic potential.

eeee Exceptional: Juggling knives? No problem.

e@eeee Outstanding: You are a world-class gymnast,
and any other type of athlete you want.

sTannA

"Don't let me fall,"
let me fall."

Marilee whimpered. "Please don't

"won't," Craig said, gritting his teeth. Marilee was not
a large woman, but lying on the roof as he was, Craig didn't
have the proper leverage to pull her up. It was a long way
down to the pavement, where, the materialized hue saw,
people pointed up at them.

His hands ached where they gripped Marilee's wris
spectral memories of pain and fatigue hindering his res
efforts. Could he hold her long enough for help to arrive?

Thave to, he thought. I have to. Nobody dies on my watch.

This Trait measures a character's health, endurance
and toughness. A character with a high Stamina can
exert herself for long periods, endure cold, hunger, lack
of sleep and other privations, and withstand more physi-
cal damage before suffering impairment. People with
low Stamina tire quickly and become sick easily. A low
Stamina can also representasthma orsome other chronic
medical condition that weakens a character. Stamina
has a psychological component as well: A strong, young
person may nevertheless lack the gritand determination
to endure — or survive —while the proverbial tough old
bird keeps going. As with other Physical Traits, habit
and this mental aspect give projectors and ghosts the
same Stamina as when they had bodie:

Specialties: Tireless, Tough as Nails, Resolute, Dedi-
cated, Stalwart, Healthy, Resilient, Pain Resistant

ue

° Poor: You are

ickly, fragile and tire after mere
xertion.

a9. can runa

mile if you must, and can take a punch or two.
eee == Good: You can jog for miles and play with pain.
eeee Exceptional: You could survive in the Arctic or

the Sahara, at least for a while. Sick days are for
other people.

#eeee Outstanding: As a captured Resistance fighter,
Jacques Cousteau endured years of Nazi torture
without breaking. So could you.

SoOcieu

Social Attributes represent a character's ability to
interact with other people. In this, very little separates
ghosts, projectors and mortals. These Traits are vital
iving a good first impression and in building a

aa

longer-term relationship. Charisma indicates a
character's general forcefulness and compelling pres-
ence; Manipulation, hisskill at influencing other people;
and Appearance, his looks and manners. Together,
Social Attributes tell a great deal about a character's
personality.

CHARISMA

"Ofcourse, sir," the Assistant Director said. "We'd be glad
tolet-youspeak with the entire operation squad. I'm sure they can
answer all your concems about the process." He pressed the
buzzer on his desk and said, "Helena, could you send in Mr.
Carruthers?" He tured back to the client. "I'm afraid it may
take a while to collect the other team members — days off,
training sessions, you know. Why don't you use my office while
T hunt them down?"

Five minutes later, he peeked into his office. The affable
Carruthers and the client were chatting and laughing like old
The Assistant Director smiled. This contract would

Charisma represents a person's raw force of person-
y —acombination of bearing, charm and confidence
that inspires respect in other people. Characters with a
high Charisma seem to fill more space than their actual
body. They seem more there than other characters, and
people respond positively to this "star power." People
generally like and trust characters with a high Charisma,
even if they know they shouldn't. Conversely, people
often discount or ignore characters with a low Charisma,
no matter how excellent their virtues, how brilliant
their thoughts or how much danger they actually present.

This Trait also includes a character's sense of self
and resistance to emotional influence by others. People
with high Charisma tend to resist social pressure. They
are more used to people deferring to them than the other
way around. Thus, characters often use a Charisma-
based dice pool to resist Manipulation-based dice pools.

Specialties: Smooth Talker, Urbane, Likeable,
Witty, Eloquent, Charming, Commanding, Regal, Sex
Appeal, Rustic, Well-Mannered, Outgoing, Sophisti-
cated, Fun Company
. Poor: Nice people ignore you. Most people

actively avoid you. You're used to casual snubs
and insults.

ee Average: You have some friends. Most people
find you acceptable company in an elevator.
° Good: You make friends easily. People like,

trust and respect you.

Exceptional: Your personal magnetism draws
everyone to you.

Outstanding: You could lead a nation into a
war, or out of it. Starting a religion is not beyond
your abilities.


TREIT SPECIALTIES

Most Traits encompass many specialized apti-
tudes; characters can be better at some applications of
Traits and worse at others. For instance; one character
can have a high Dexterity because she has an excep-
tionallysteady hand, or because she'sa trained athlete;
another character's high Intelligence could represent
extensive education orananalytical mind. In the same
spirit,a soldier might train at sniping, acon man might
develop special skills at sob stories or a singer might be
famous for his vocal'endurance.

If a character has a score of 4 or higher in an
Attribute or Ability, the player may choose a spe-
cialty to represent Such narrower fields of greater
expertiséForinstanée, a marathon runner could
have Stamina, with the specialty "Tireless." An-
othér ‘Character could have Stamina 4 with the
specialty "Healthy asa Horse" to represent excep-
tional resistance to disease: Specialties help make
Chafactérs more distinctive.

Specialties also have a rules effect. Whenevera
playerrolls dice involving' Trait's specialty, she has
a chance to gain extra successes: The player.counts
the suécesses normally, then takes each die that
rolled a "10" and fé-rolls it at the same difficulty.
The player adds any new successes to the total. Ifany
of these re-rolled dice:come up "10," the player can
roll them yet again: The process continues until. the
player rolls no more."10s."

What if a dice pool involves two Traits with
specialties? Storytellers should examine such cases
closely, to ensure the action'really does encomp:
both specialties.4f that's the case, the player can re-
roll both "9s" and"10s"to accumulate more successes.

example: John Carruthers, a Wisp and prestidigi-
tator, ‘has Subterfuge 4 with the specialty "Sleight of

naeniPuULATION

Chet watched the Fabroni meeting with boredom until
the consigliere brought up the matter of the Green
gangand the resulting problems with their activities. The tong

iger

sponsoring the Green Tigers, however, said the gang had
gone rogue and would let the Fabronis wipe them out. The
projector's moment had arrived. He clutched the consigliere's

windpipe in his intangible fist and his words came out of the
mob counselor's mouth, with just a hint of a sneer: "Assum-
" Chet leaned
against the wall while the mobsters exploded into argument

you believe the chinks and it isn't a trap

Honor among thieves, hah. It didn't take much to plant

the seeds of suspicion

Hand." He needs to steal akey card from a security guard
so he can raid the Astrotronics offices (as a ghost he can
walk through walls, but he can't carry stuff out with him).
John says, "Ick! Is that a spider on you?" and swats at the
recoiling guard's shoulder with one hand — releasing the
dead spider he'd palmed — while his other hand pulls the
key card from the guard's pocket. To see how well this bit
of legerdemain works, the Storyteller tells John's player,
Matt, to roll John's Dexterity (4) + Subterfuge (4) versus
difficulty 6. The dice pool is 8. Matt scores two successes,
but one of them is a "10." Matt takes the "10" die and
rolls it again, scoring another success with a 6. Matt
cannot roll for further successes because he did not roll
"10" again, but thee successes are enough for the task at
hand. Carruthers pockets the card, and the guard doesn't
realize he took it.

Later, John tries using magic tricks to befriend a child
who has withdrawn almost to catatonia from the trauma
of spontaneously channeling Spectres. John has a Cha-
risma of 4 with a specialty of "Likeable." The Storyteller
agrees that trying to gain trust and friendship using magic
tricks results in a Charisma + Subterfuge dice pool; both
of John's specialties apply, but the Storyteller sets the
difficulty at 8 — this psychically brutalized child is a tough
audience. Once more, Matt has a dice pool of 8. He rolls
three successes: an 8, 9 and 10! Since both the Attribute
and Ability in the dice pool carried specialties, Matt re-
rolls both the "9" die and the "10" die. He gets lucky with
a4anda9, adding one more success. Matt rolls the "9"
die again and fails with a 6, but still accumulates four
successes. Soon the child is. cuddled in John's arms,
sobbing out her terrible visions... and then asks the Wisp,
trust replacing thé tears in her eyes, if the magician can
protect her from the monsters invading her mind. Some-
times you can succeed too well!

This Trait measures how well a character can
alter the beliefs and emotions of other peop]

acters use Manipulation to trick, bluff, fast-talk and

. Char-

railroad other characters, or to convince them despite
logic or their better judgment. A person can manipu-
late by knowing what a person wants to hear, the right
tone of voice, the body language to affect and which
social codes to follow
guilt trips, flattery, fe

any other stratagem to pull someone else's strings.
Just as importantly, characters use Manipulation to
hide their true feelings from others. Manipulation

Manipulation may involve

ned concern, specious logic or


~ ei ghy

usually involves a conscious effort, though some people
almost reflexively play on the emotions of others.

Unlike Charisma, Manipulation does not imply
that other people like you. You can manipulate people
who despise you (though it may be difficult). This Trait
also differs from Charisma in the consequences for
failure. A failed Manipulation-based dice roll usually
means the target saw through the attempt to snow
him... and he's probably angry about it. A botched
Manipulation roll can turn a person into a character's
permanent enemy. While highly charismatic characters
tend to accumulate friends, the people closest to skilled
manipulators often distrust them — they don't want to
be fooled again. On the other hand, a person successfully
and repeatedly manipulated may resist any attempt to
show him how another character used him.

Specialties: Persuasive, Cunning, Dissembling, Sil-
ver-Tongued, Double-Talk, Bravado, Bluster, Glib,
Ingratiating, Sophist, Witty, Seductive, Guilt-Trips
. Poor: You express yourself badly. When you tell

the truth, people don't believe you and when
you lie, everyone knows it.

oe Average: You can fool or persuade some of the
people some of the time, just like everyone else.

eee Good: Now and then you talk people into
ignoring their better judgment.

eeee Exceptional: You could become a good politi-
cian — or a bad one, and get away with it.

eee Outstanding: Everyone's a puppet, dancing to

your will.

RPPERRANCE

"Do I have to?" Hoyt asked for the third time.

"Yes," Kate said yet again. "This is our best chance to
get close to van Sinz. If I can wear this goddamn gown, you
can wear a tuxedo for one evening. It can't be worse than
inhabiting that old junker last week."

"That was a car," Hoyt said, protesting the difference.
"I know cars. I don't know society parties or tuxedoes!"

"Leave it to us," the tailor said, drawing Hoyt away
from Kate. "We'll have you looking like a million bucks."

An hour later, the two men returned. The clothier
simultaneously looked pleased and ready to spit nails. Hoyt
looked... almost unrecognizable in the tailored black suit,
with his hair moussed into a wave. Kate kept her face severe,
but she thought, Damn, he cleans up nice

This Trait measures a character's personal attractive-
ness. It combines the look of a character's face and body
with subtler aspects of grace, poise and presentation. A
blank, vapid expression or poor hygiene can spoil a pretty
face, while homelierfeaturescan become attractive through
their animation and the personality that shines through.
The most handsome men and beautiful women combine

ion in one package. How a character
may also contribute to this Trait.
Appearance governs first impressions. Looks mat-
ter regardless what people say, and attractive people
receive more attention and a better reception than
plainer folk do. To represent this, Storytellers may
rule that when one character first encounters an-
other, her Social dice pools cannot exceed her
Appearance score, unless the Social Attribute in the
pool is Appearance itself. Later, once the characters
learn more about the various nuances of beauty, they
can use their full Charisma or Manipulation to build
on that first impression — or counteract it. Charac-
ters with a high Appearance should not seek too
much at once, however. People are rarely so infatu-
ated with a character's good looks that they agree to
share their bank account, pass on company secrets,
cover up a murder or engage in other felonies.

looks and express
speaks and dresses

Beauty is not always a benefit, though. Some people
may envy and resent a character with a high Appear-
ance. In such cases, a character may need to persevere to
prove (through other Attributes) that he or she is more
than just another pretty face or a great body.

Specialties: Alluring, Handsome, Zoftig, Bold De-
meanor, Rugged, Expressive, Snappy Dresser, Honest
Face, Winning Smile, Look of Eagles, Nice Ass, Melo-
dious Voice

. Poor: Ugly, whether from your face, your body
or your manners.

ee Average: People don't look twice at you, for

better or worse.

Good: You have a pleasant appearance and may

receive small favors for it.

ooo

eeee Exceptional: People go out of their way to look
at you and win your favor. You can live off your
looks as a model or by working in the more
disreputable professions.

@ eee Outstanding: Your stunning good looks inspire

awe, jealousy, lust and traffic accidents.

nEnTeL

Of all the Attributes, not having a body affects
the Mental Traits least. These three Attributes define
a character's ability to gather and use information.
Through Perception, a character learns about the
world, people and events around her; through Intel-
ligence, she analyzes, interprets and plans her actions;
and through Wits, he reacts quickly to new circum-
stances, rapid changes and stressful situations.

PERCEPTION
As Chet Mason crossed the Orpheus grounds, his

attention drifted to one of the manicured shrubs gracing
the business park, about 500 feet away. His heart pounded


QTq[NS oq Avu SueT sy/Y\ MO] B YPM siaIDeIVYD "sUID]
-qoad are1poutur! 01 SUOTANIOS ]2A0U das 02 sI9UIOD punore
yuna ued siyy Yysry yam Jowereyp ke "oyUItP SuIppoyd ve
ang JuasT]]aqUuT Alaa aq Uk Ja}DeIeYD Y ‘sadueyo UappNs 02
— Ajadauio9 ‘yony yar puke — Apyoinb ydeaI pure 3994 JY UO
yurya 02 Arpiqe ssaasereyp e sounseou Wer] SWX\ 2Y
"wispy yum pappasuos puniuawow
yoogapms dow v ing Suyiou som umoayi p,ays ,ysru,,
ay) paryvas ay a4ofaq yovas pnom anuyasiag suo, moy
pa.sapuom aoz "wol siffp.n ay) ur 1ysnvd Uaag poy wy) dnya1d
p fo yong ay) ut ‘paonouun pup uaasun ‘apos yspuL UDKDYY
2Y) Puv ays ‘auod spm sordal[04g ayn ang ‘Av9 s,207 punof Kayr
"wof oyffp.a ayn yBnoap 11 app Cpr 2ayod aya Uay/\\

"avd say ispd Suaynd saparyaa fo apyoua ay pawol
una ay J 207 Uo saka Kavm aday UaMUNd sty apyM Avd sty 01
oq payriwul ap] ‘pws ay ,,‘ssanip ary ]],| Now, NOX,

"mojaq sof saipm ayl
omut ysvjds yoads aad Cun aya yorvm 01 pauini ap] "punoss
ay) 01 Lay Ma.yy Uay] — ary] 001 puoras D— suLAy Lay 143nVI
Auyad.iag *adpig aya fo apts aya 1900 11 Suyany ‘pws 207, ,,[1
4of UMS UDI NOX {sry IUDM NOX, "yspUL appl Sunauurys
ay) paysipunig puv avo paums ayn wolf padvay asiaS.anod
UL "spuosas ul hay yovas pynom suoos S Amuyasiog *advosa
Kqissod 1,upjnoo ays ‘paddva som ays pazyvas 207

slim

"UMO INOA UO INO aINBY ATIsed NOA MOU 2,UOP NOA

wYA\ ‘sntuas payed "+091 OF

"nod Joy s1 TYSNOYR daaq "ObT OJ JeuoHda2xXq cece
"uoseai 10j Andeded pue
ArowaU poos BY Yes ANIA "OZTO[POON eee

"noA JO} JOU St YSsNoY?
daap ang ‘Awuinp ou a1.noX "QOT Oy :seaay
"uorsuayaid
AUODUI puk IDULIOUST UT DAT] NOX "Og OJ 100g =
pasnooy ‘Arowayy poor ‘ysnosoyy ‘"awoyany Ie!
-qNg ‘AAO Wa|qorg ‘SurussosIqq ‘PANKaI_ ‘PeonApeuy
‘WIOMYOOY ‘aIMsy ‘d]qQeaspaymouy :saypeIedg
"(pum szoqereyp v jo Dodse rey
SI9AOD SH/X\) JOU ayYUTLP Yn ev ayeotpur AyuPssa2u Ou
ssp aouast]aquy ‘sontpenb asoup joyarauMeN pue Ayypeuosiad
sgaqoereyp Y :AAaes Jeans JO asuas Pood "WOPslM apnpdut
JOU SSOP Wel] sty | "BuLOIMy yeu} Noy sioans ay UO dn
MaI8 OYA UOsIAd B JO PII B se_YNs ‘pplom aup Jo aduaLIAdxa
paar] 40 9ouRIOUST Dayar P]Noo yy "pidmas saIDeIeYD v ayLUL
Ajutessoo9U JOU Sop SURI aDUASTT]AIUT Mo] v ‘APasIaAUOD)
"smoUuy ay SuryrAsaAa sasn ang ‘yonu MoU}
2,UsdOp OYA JoUOsKaI aINIse Ue JO AreUOISIA dATIBAID
v quasaidaa osye Aewi aoudst]]aIUT Ysty Y "seapt s,ajdoad
Joyio pur syoey 10} ATOW9UI IeaIB B
[euIsHI0 10} Aydeded e ye] Ppnod sayeIeYD JUASI]]OIUT
uy "ysnoyp ‘surueow jo sapeys Auew aaey Aeut ery
dY_L ‘Tash O7 MOY sMouy pue (UOHINpea [eULO} B WO,
qou aqdew _ysnoy?) Io] B sMOoUy sous 20] ysty & YI

ssod ang ysnoyr

Jaqoereyp kb ‘Je1auas Uy "useay 02 Aedes pure AITIqIxay
‘Suruosear ‘aspajmouy ‘AiowdU sauIquioD a] "Jomod
Surssadoid JeUsUI sJaqDeIVYD v SaINsedU WEI] SIL,

{ AOYIOAG 49Y YUM p1om D sjUDM ays puv aun 2]0Ym ay)
auay Uaaq SPIO; "IUDUAINar] ‘KpyIMb way Isa.ey,,

"UNS sty 01 1da49 puny s,2VD uDUaIar] ‘aypd pana yA

_dawams ay pun sim ay punof ] 2uawandp s ,4aisis nok 01 Koyv
poy NOX *-k0a]9 DwIAq |] 11 ‘VIIUOWY pun Nok of punf ina ayn
foswuar arp paray | 20U0,, "upU pa.y-yanp "uoys ayp or pawn
awy YAW ‘NOK ng "tou ay) UL NOK mvs ays 1ysnoyn
ays ysnoy) wana "ay pasapanut aavy 2,upmno nok wy) DIUOWY
01 paumdxa ],, ‘uosv[ 01 pws ay ‘Com 1,uop ‘YO,,

SOUS5I7N703 LU!
pJap SuUIpuNonNs Iso

UIPURISING eevee
asi
Avy NOX :jeuondaoxg

"st

-1un aya uaad jods ApluRasuT NOX :

"noA punoxe saduenu dy Jo} ‘

ue 10 ‘949 S,2ATDAIAp B

eeee
‘a]doad sayjo pur ajt] jo

s]leqap pure sorajaqns aulos aatasied NOX :pooy eee
"noA ased djs uayo
sjreqap ang ‘ainaoid siq aya UsadsIp pue sis3

-Uep SuTUalvaIyi-ayl] ISO PlOAaR NOX :asesIAy oe

*sasuas posredumt 10 wiaduosun Auuns ‘uondiosqe

-Jjas ‘uORIeNsIp Woy JaYyIEYM ‘sSulpuNogns

InoA 0} UORUAe YON Aed 1,UOp NOX 100g e
Yyono | aarsuag jaws Surusaosiq] "Yd g Iap1aq ‘padq
-Uddy ‘S2NUENN [INOS "DATIINIYT "BuIgorg ‘san}O apaqns
‘posuatadxg ‘[njareg ‘[npYsisuy ‘ayy ssanypersadg
"ssuIpuNoNs sty jo [!eap pur aduenu ArdAa SuLaquiau
-d1 puk SUINNOU 0} pawOrsndoe JaIeIeY & dIVdIpPUT
ssunei uondasieg ysty Ayniy ‘uonuane Aed y,uss0p
asnf OYA JO JOYIS]OOM 02 spudi OYM JoIDeIeYD v ‘Bul
-Ikay 10 IYBIsaAa peg JUaseidas pynod asods uoNdasi9g
MO] Y ‘ssauaAnuane pur IYysnoyp jo suqey sty pue qudUt
-dinba Arosuas s,uosiad & yiog saajoaut uondas1ag

"qyno quoroue ue jo Joquuds oy sreaq
SUL sse]D s,adURIUTENboe AU B IY? s9NI0U JO Ysnque ue
Ajsnorosuooun syiom uondasIag
"TAAAMOY ‘UAYO sv Ise] TY "UONPSIDAUOD IY JO 9U0} dy
WOY JayPO Yea INoge 994 AT]eaI aydoad oma Moy Surssansd
JO pmMoId B Ul ade} Je|NITed & Joy SUPOO] ay] ‘SuruRsw
JO apeys JO anjd awos dataoied 03 AN Aysnolssuod ued
ad vy ‘sreop jueyodun az1us09a1 pur ssulpunouns sty
9Alasqo: 0) Antoedes doqereys B sounseowl aery sty
*pp-tung sn ffo Sunuys
2Y81) ay) U2as pa} "asvyof ay) w uappry auoydosonu undi0ys
ayi punof ay amunu p upyi ssa] uy "Und sry ym 31 payod
pun qniys unisip ay2 02 yom jnfumd ayy apput ap] "ysnoya
‘spunoa sty anunUOD 1,upIp UOsDYY ,,"24ay SLadius ONY, *4217]
JUAWOULD fraswuty pjO2 ay ,, ;4aIp]Os ‘flasanok fo pjoy 124,

sjods iaqdereyp B Udy se

uos

201] D puryaq anop
ay sp way puno.v Paop aunt aL "TY8nvd yrwa.g sty puv


unsophisticated, mentally lazy or just slow. They also tend
to fluster easily under stress. In contrast, characters with
high Wits can arrive at workable plans quickly and keep
their cool. The Trait helps characters recognize decep-
tion... that "something doesn't add up here." Wits also has
a social aspect, which enables characters to avoid social
pitfalls or recover from them quickly — spotting an at-
tempt at humiliation, for instance, or topping an insult
with a better one right back.

Specialtie:
Comebacks,

Ambushes, Changes in Strategy, Snappy
ver-Ready, Intuitive, Combat Reflexes,
Level-Headed, Creative, Shrewd, Wily, Sharp

e Poor: Huh?

° Average: You're not too easy a mark.

Good: You react quickly and are seldom flus-
tered or at a loss for words.

* Exceptional: Yoursnappy comebacks make jaws
drop.

¢ Outstanding: You react to events almost before
they happen, and take everything in stride.

FBILITIES

Whereas Attributes are the inborn qualities shared
by all characters, Abilities are learned and developed
traits that show what a given individual accomplished
with his share of those qualities
strong and quick, for example,

Many people are

but only those who

trained their muscles and reflexes properly can fight
well or walk a tightrope. The same goes for trades and
assimilated data; the highest IQ in the world won't
helpasoul who simply doesn't know the answer to the
question at hand. It is his accompanying Ability
scores that make his high Intelligence such an asset.
Asin real life, success is about winning combinations.

ach Ability covers a broad range of either activi-
ties or comprehension, and each is assigned to one of
three sub-categories: Talents, Skills or Knowledges.
While the 36 Abilities offered herein are not the only
ones available to characters, they are considered the
primary set and most rolls can and will involve one or
another. Players can also acquire a specialty (see
p.163) in any Ability they possess, even if its rating is
not yet 4 or higher. This reflects the fact that many
opt to learn specific aspects of skills and fields, rather
than just pursuing general knowle

TRLENTS

sme types of Abilities are not easily learned, but
are instead more like inborn proclivities (similar to
focused and specialized Attributes). These traits, called
Talents, are intuited more often than not, and the
only true way to improve and explore them is through

experience and practice. Books on the subjects of
specific Talents might be informative, but they don't
come close to actually instructing anyone in how to

Storytellers can.use'azero Attribute rating to repre-
sent terrible debilities from sickness; wounds, drugs

or extreme old age: A character with a zero score in

any Ability may well be completely incapacitated.

Some players may ask to "sell off' acharacter's fr
dot-in-ansAttributeas'a way to gain-more character
points. Sorry, you can't do this. Buying Traits is strictly
a. one-way process. Zero Attribute' ratings "generally
mean that something bad'has happened to a character.

Strength zefo-means a character is so weak, he
has trouble moving his own body

Dexterity zero indicates anything from paralysis
to a serious palsy that renders fine motor control
impossible. You needa walker to stand:upright.

Stamina zero represents life-threatening illness.
A character with-Stamina zero needs hospital care
just to live another week.

use them. The expression, "It's an art, not a science"
applies handily to Talents, and there are more than a
few people who will simply never excel at them, no
matter how hard they try. The advantage to Talents'
innateness, however, is that everyone possesses the
primary 12 to at least some degree. Thus, one may
attempt a Talent for which he has no rating without
incurring a difficulty penalty.

ALERTHESS

"Wait a minute," Kate said into the receiver. "Did you
hear that?"

On the other end of the line, John was busy growing
further confused. What she'd been telling him was shocking
enough, and now that she'd stopped short — right at her
story's climax — he felt he was dangling on the edge of a
precipice.

"Wait

"Shush!" Kate cut him off. Ifhe didn't know better, John
would swear that she seemed to be holding her breath

"That... she said at last
knows. Get out of the house."

did I hear what you just said, or—"

clicking," "John, someone

Alertness is a measure of awareness in relation to your
physical surroundings. There's nothing supernatural about
this Ability; it simply represents your attunement to your
senses and your senses' sensitivity to their environment
Alertness is often involved when you need to notice
something about your present situation that may not be
readily apparent to those less perceptive

vice: You're constantly aware of what tran-

spires around you.

Charisma zero or Manipulation zero sug
person who cannot influence other people at all.
Perhaps you are unbelievably obnoxious or with
drawn to the point of autism.

Appe
scream at the sight of you, Facial scarring or defor.
mity must be truly severe before a character can
have Appearance zero.

Perception zero renders a character almost
totally oblivious to her surroundings. Even blind,
deaf Helen Keller didn't have Perc
though a person who's falling-down drunk might
qualify.

ance zero is so hideous that people

tion zero,

Intelligence 0 indicates a mental handicap so
severe that the person needs institutional care and
cannot think at all.

Wits 0 means you are utterly dazed or panicked and

cannot mount any sensible reaction to new events.

ee Practiced: You can tell when a car is following
you.

eee Competent: You can easily follow a round of
Three Card Monty.

e@eee Expert: Nobody catches you by surprise.

eeeee Master: You can determine the type of gun
being fired by the sound of a shell casing hitting
the floor.

Possessed by: Agents, Hunters, Journalists, Paranoiacs,

Police

Specialties: Bodyguarding, Crowds, Hidden Objects,

ecurity Guards

Specific Sense, Spectres
ATHLETICS

Ben almost ducked right into the damn punch. He had
hunched over to avoid leaning back any further and, thus,
falling right off the roof. He felt the thing's attack swish over
the top of his head. His feet gripped the gravel-covered ledge
and he shifted his weight forward — into the advancing blip.
He knew he would have to time this very carefully

Ben's raging opponent thrust out its other shadowy arm,
but Ben grabbed it, pivoting to the side, feet still hugging the
corner of the building. With one fluid motion, Ben brought
his other arm around the back of the blip and pushed. His
other hand pulled the creature's wrist out into the air above
the alley. The thing uttered a final, surprised grunt before
stumbling off the ledge and into darkness

Ben had always secretly appreciated the fact that ghosts
can't fly

This Trait is a measure of general physical fitness
and skill in using your body for activities requiring


agility and precision. Almost any roll involving climb-
ing, leaping or running might call for Athletics to
complete successfully. Athletics' moves require a com-
bination of Physical Attributes and inborn motor skills,
and any roll that requires only an Attribute should not
involve Athletics. Note that Athletics also covers the
use of thrown weapons, given the coordination required
to make such an attack effective.
. Novice: You're comforte
you move fluidly.

ble in your skin and

oe Practiced: You can hold your own on the play-
ing field.

eee Competent: You can still be a contender.

eeee Expert: Olympic gold is in reach for you.

@ eee Master: You could earn millions playing profes-
sional sports.

Pos

essed by: Aerobics Instructors, Athletes, Children,
Dancers, Soldiers

Specialties: Acrobatics, Dodging, General Fitne:

nastics, Sports, Swimming

RAUWARRENESS

Chet approached the animal slowly, his eyes focused on
the rise and fall of its labored breathing. It seemed a little too
convenient to begin with — an injured dog blocking his path
just when he needed to get by — and there was something
weird about it, as well. Nearing the beast, Chet caught a
glimpse of its fur and stopped in his tracks. He was no dog
expert, but his gut told him that German Shepherds did not
grow hair that looked like a bramble of thorns.

Sensing that the jig was up, the suddenly healthy "dog"
sat up and turned to face Chet, its "fur" rippling like a pond
disturbed. Milky-white bile dripped from its now-snarling
maw, hissing loudly as it splattered the asphalt below.

"I'm tired of being right," Chet said with a growl and
reached for his gun.

Broadly speaking, Awareness could be called the psy-
chic counterpart to Alertness. This Ability comes into play
when you're aware that things are not as they should be.
This is usually due to the presence of either the unnatural
or the supernatural, set against the backdrop of the natural
world. Such can come in handy when searching for evi-
dence of Horror usage, or when detecting the presence of
Spectres or other supernatural beings. Storytellers can also
call for Awareness rolls when something contrary to the
laws of nature is about to unfold.

° Novice: You can distinguish the far-off screech

of an alley cat from a Banshee's wail.

oe Practiced: Your spiritual instincts rarely let you
down.

eee Competent: You'd make a great psychic friend.

eeee Expert: Youareasattuned to the supernatural as

you are to the natural.

ayy

© Master: With a sinaple sniff of the air, you can
sense an impending breach.
Possessed by: Occult Investigators, Parapsychologists,
Psychics, Tarot Readers
Specialties: Animals, Bad Mojo, Houses, Specific Crea-
tures, Weird Objects
BRAWL

"Trustme when I say, youdon't wanna do this," Ben said,
pointing an accusing forefinger at the enraged ghost facing him.
After the briefest pause, the dead construction worker advanced
anyway, his meaty fists clenched at his sides.

"Stupid," Ben muttered and stepped forward to meet his
opponent. The ghost's first swing came in high, a clumsy
roundhouse that gave Ben all the time to duck down and move
into his enemy's space. He shot up like a rocket, leading with
a vicious uppercut that hit home on the underside of the dead
man's chin. To the surprise of both combatants, the man's
plasmal jaw not only unhinged but disconnected, twirling up
and away from the fray. Both men stared, each agape for
different reasons, as the disembodied jaw landed with a splat
and disintegrated.

"What..." Ben said, laughing. "It's not like I didn't tell
you. Stupid."

Brawl is the gentle art of hitting something and
watching it fall down. Mechanically, it serves as a
catch-all term for any and all types of unarmed com-
bat, from the most sophisticated of Eastern disciplines
to the mewling swings of belligerent drunkards. The
Ability covers any sort of pugilistic activity, from
simple jabs and hooks, to wild haymakers, sidekicks
and even the "dirty stuff," such as eye-gouging, hair-
pulling and the sadly popular knee-to-the-groin. In
general, any type of combat that doesn't involve a
weapon can be classified as Brawl (though some
would contest the fact that knees don't qualify as

weapons).

. Novice: You were the class bully in school, or at
least you could have been.

oe Practiced: If you hit someone, he wouldn't

likely forget it anytime soon.

eee Competent: The class bully knew enough to
leave you the hell alone.
eeee Expert: You're the guy everyone invites when

they go downtown at night.
eeeee Master: Your fights usually only involve two
hits — you hitting them, and them hitting the
floor.
ssed by: Bad Muthafuckas, Boxers, Cops, Martial
Artists, Soldiers
Specialties: Boxing, Dirty Fighting, Self-Defense, Spe-
cific Martial Art


EMPATHY

Annie watched as the young girl traced spirals on the
fogged-up glass of her bathroom mirror. Once again, Annie
had arrived too late and the teenager's father was already in
bed and asleep, snoring like a bloated dog. Alll she could do
now was watch the frazzled girl poked at her own tear-
streaked reflection. The girl's jittering finger spelled out one
lonely word

ENOUGH.

"Oh, honey...
"You bet it is."

" Annie whispered, barely stifling a sob.

This Talent represents one's inborn aptitude at
reading the moods and emotions of others. Some rely on
body language, while others master the nuances of a

conversation's flow and how itchanges with the
emotional state. Empathy also includes the degree to
which the character understands feelings in general,
whether he sympathizes or experiences them or not. It's
useful for knowing whether someone is faking an emo-
tion, covering up their true feelings or lying outright.

. Novice: You can depend on the "vibes" you
sense off other people to guide you.

ee Practiced: People frequently come to you for
advice and support.

eee Competent: Your insight into people and their
motives is profound.

eeee Expert: Thehumanspiritislikean open book to you.

eocce

Master: Yourpsychiatristtold youabouthis mother.

Actors, Counselors, Parents, Salespeople,
Social Workers, Teachers

Specialties: Disorders, Emotions, Lies, Motives, Re-
pressed Memories

EXPRESSION

"Maybe I didn't make myself clear. Failure is not an

option, ladies and gentlemen. I expect nothing but the best

from you, and the best is what I better get! Can you honestly

sit there and tell me — or yourselves — that you signed on

just so you could fail? Have all the experiences we' ve endured

been for nothing? Now, come on... who's with me!"

Chet realized he was plying the troops with every cliché
in the book, but hey, the old standards are tried and true for
areason. Besides, if luck was on his side tonight, they would
work just fine

The power of the word, be it written or spoken, is
mighty indeed. This Ability covers the character's facility
with words and with using them to best effect. Expression
represents any kind of wordcraft, whether the aim is to
evoke a particular feeling or to provide convincing argu-
ments. It includes all forms of expression through language,
from poetry to oratory to creative exposition. Characters
can use Expression to compose essays or put the right
finishing touches on a rousing speech or evening dinner

meaty ABR a

WHEAT SOUT OOOGE?P

There is no specific "Dodge" Trait in Orpheu
games. So, you ask, how then do characters negotiate
the evasion of opponents' blows? Well, the answer is
simple: Ifa character devotes one or more actions of
his turn to dodging (see Multiple Actions, p. 211), he
must roll Dexterity + (variable Ability) ata standard
difficulty of 6. In some cases, the player gets to choose
which Ability constitutes the second half of his pool,
as appropriate to his situation. Most folks will use

<terity + Athletics, but if the character is, say, a
boxer, he may roll Dexterity + Brawl to dodge.
Likewise, a master fencer might roll Dexterity +
Melee to dodge: In no event can a character roll to
loesn't know is coming. Storytell-
titled to determine what constitutes fair
warning in all cases.

dodge an attack he

ers are e

toast. When used well, it can even sway others' opinions or

keep an entire audience enthralled for hours.

. Novice: You were a regular feature of your high
school literary magazine.

oe Practiced: Your command of language's func-

tion and form serves you well.

© Competent: You choose your words carefully
and to astonishing effect.

can be a best-selling author or
presidential speech-writer.
© Master: Cicero, Daniel Webster... and you.
Possessed by: Actors, Columnists, Comedians, Dema-
gogues, Orators, Writers

pert: You

Specialt: Drama, Game Design, Improvisation, Po-
etry, Prose, Speeches

INTIMDRTION

"Look... you're about to force me into the ‘don' t-make-
me-tell-you-twice' routine," said Ben, staring down his nose
at the snitch. "It's a fuckin' old routine and, frankly, I'm
tired of it. Been thinkin' about just beating the truth out of
you, to be honest. Know what I mean?"

The filthy oaf glanced briefly down at the revolver nestled
in Ben's waistband, then sighed deeply and sat down on the
ground, cross-legged.

"Allright! Jesus, man. .. what the hell do youwant to know?"

Whoever said "you catch more flies with honey
than you do with vinegar" apparently didn't realize that
a big right arm can be more persuasive than either. This
Ability covers the many ways in which a character
might "motivate" someone to do something, typically
through fear and the threat of physical harm. The
character may accomplish this through overt verbal
threats (backed up by some show of force) or through the


~ ERS
subtle reorganizing of furniture in such a way as to
belittle one's guests (making them sit in the small,
uncomfortable chair, for example). Characters can use
Intimidation to convince someone to cooperate when
he otherwise would be opposed to the idea (and, more
often than not, when all other options have been ex-
hausted). In this fashion the character can force someone
to back down from a fight or cough up information.

. Novice: You win the occasional staring contest.

oe Practiced: People tend to back off when you're
angry.

eee Competent: You end more fights with a look

than by violence.
Expert: You earn wide berth wherever you go.
© Master: Drill sergeants run screaming from you
like little girls.
Possessed by: Agents, Bouncers, Bullies, Cult Leaders,
Executives, Gangsters
Specialties: Bluffing, Frightening, Puffing Up, Stare-
Downs, Veiled Threats

INTRIGUE

"There! There it was again... did you see it?" Kate was
up and out of her chair now, waving her arms frantically at
the television. This was the third time this week she'd received
"messages" coming from the old boob tube, and John was
beginning to fear for the old girl's sanity.

"No," he said honestly. "For the third time, Katie, all I
see is static. Loud static, thanks to you. How's about turning
that noise down, hmm?" She continued, ignoring everything
he'd just said, including (to his dismay) his request.

"T think I get it, now!" she said over the static, still pointing
at the screen. "It's one of us, John. Or at least, it's one of them.
He's using television to broadcast a message to those of us who
can understand him. It's his way of communicating without
getting caught! Brilliant, really, if you look at it."

"Brilliant," John said with sigh. "Now, how's about
making it quietly brilliant?"

Intrigue is the fine art of plotting and scheming
against one's enemies (and, on occasion, one's "al-
lies"). It's a Talent because some are just born with
guile in the veins, and it's difficult for someone to
learn (or be taught) how to use it properly if they
don't have it from the beginning. It's very much an
intuitive game and a character who knows the rules
can manipulate others through deceit, discern truth
from the vagaries of political oratory and lay bare his
enemies' deepest secrets and vulnerabilities. It is
important to note the distinction between Intrigue
and Subterfuge; the latter involves actual work to-
ward an end, while Intrigue operates on a more
theoretical and consequential level. Characters might
use Subterfuge when writing forged missives; Intrigue

is the art of knowing whose handwriting to forge for

2 a

best effect.
. Novice: You know how the game is played.

oo Practiced: You're aware of the differences be-
tween individuals of power and groups in power.

eee Competent: You can handle multiple plots ef-
fectively.

eee Expert: People who double-cross you often find
they've been duped.

eeeee Master: You could have taught Machiavelli a

thing or two.

Possessed by: Agents, Cheerleaders, Jou
cians, Spymasters

Specialties: Alliances, Corporations, Coups, Details,
Orpheus Group

INTUITION

"Which way, Zée? I need to know now," Hoyt said
through the radio, the steering wheel moving of its own
accord. They'd been following the black Lincoln for only a
few minutes, but it had already lost them in midtown's maze
of alleys and side streets. Zée thought for a moment, feeling
the waves of Hoyt's anxiety wash into her like warm tides.
Then, without meaning to, she spoke.

"Go right, up there!" she said, suddenly certain. "That
has to be it."

Whether people call them "hunches" or "gut
feelings" or even subconscious logic, the ability to
leap intellectually to a sound conclusion is the sub-
ject of Intuition. Simply put, Intuition is the ability to
choose or discern between two or more options and
have a better chance of picking the "right" one in the
process — without actually thinking through, or
about, the decision. When a person's instincts seem
tosave him from trouble more often than not, then he
probably has a high score in this Ability. It comes into
play whenever a character must make a decision
largely at random (or with little time or information
on which to go), like deciding which wire to cut or
picking the right door to escape through. Players may
call for an Intuition roll when they are stuck or must
make a decision quickly, or the Storyteller can even
roll players' Intuitions for them, in times when they
need a leg up or clue from which to proceed.

nalists, Politi-

. Novice: Your gut feelings are stronger — and
more accurate — than most.

You've learned to trust your instincts,

and they serve you well.

. Competent: When you get a bad feeling about
something, people listen.

eeee Expert: Others are wise to heed your advice,
whatever the topic.

@eeee Master: You're so accurate that your instincts

verge on preternatural.


Possessed by: Daredevils, Entrepreneurs, Gamblers,
Stock-Brokers

Specialties: Business, Danger, Gambling, Inspiration,
Luck

LERODERSHIF

"I don't suppose I have to further impress upon you the
gravity of this assignment," Craig said, leaning forward. His
tall frame and military style crewcut only underlined the
strength of his personal presence. "What we have here is a
hostile of the worst order, fellow agents. And we need to bring
him down."

With that, Craig strode forward to a map of the city that
took up the better part of the back wall of the conference
room. He paused a moment for emphasis, then slowly turned
to face the assembled crucible.

"Now," he said, with an iron tenor to his voice. "Here's
what I want you to do...."

When one is trying to organize a crucible and focus
onthe task at hand, Leadership isa valuable commodity.
It represents one's innate ability to assume command of
situations and to direct others, as well as that intangible
quality that draws people to follow his lead. Being strong
on Leadership doesn't necessarily mean making better
decisions, or that you're better at solving problems than
people under your command, but it does make you good

at organizing the efforts of those people tackling those

same problems.

. Novice: You can get your friends and relatives
motivated toward a set task.

Practiced: The force of your presence is an
inspiration to others.

Competent: You can take charge in most situa-
tions and make it work.

Expert: You actually have followers, in what-
ever form, and you lead well.

eeeee Master: You could lead nations or multina-
tional corporations easily.

Poss

sed by: Demagogues, Directors, Executives, Man-
agers, Military Officers
Specialties: Delegation, Direction, Inspiration, Ora-
tion, Organization

STREETWISE

The dirty little cholo was obviously afraid for his life,
now that he'd spilled everything. Ben studied him with mild
amusement as he squirmed.

"Who the hell's got you so spooked, anyway?" Ben said
at last, softening his voice so he appeared friendlier. It rarely
worked, but he was trying to get good atit, nonetheless. After
aminute, the little rat squeaked.

"A guy named King Shanghai," the punk said, obviously
expecting Ben to have no clue who that was. Ben was more
than happy to surprise on that score, though he generally liked

hiding the extent of his street sav

y. Ben figured he knew
more about this town than some folks might find comfortable.

When folks refer to the "seedy underbelly" of society,
they're usually referring to those who are well-versed in
Streetwise. This Ability allows a character to fit in to the
street scene, make contacts, gather information, buy and
sell on the black market and otherwise take full advantage
of urbane culture and resources. It's also invaluable for
those who need to navigate the streets (especially in a
hurry) and avoid both the law and the gangs.

. Novice: You knew your way around the old
neighborhood.

oe Practiced: You know the streets, and they know
you.

© Competent: Your name commands respect and
you've got connections.

Expert: You're an insider, a true fixture of the

street scene.

eeeee Master: You're up on just about everything that
goes down in this town.

ssed by: Beat Cops, Criminals, Detectives, Gang-
sters, Homele:

Specialties: Black Market, Connections, Gangs, Rumor

Mill, Vice

SUSTERFUGE

"Well, I must say, | hadn't thought of that," Tom said,
putting on his best quizzical look. The utter load of steaming
bullshit he was being handed was going down rough, and if he
didn't look like he was swallowing it all, there would be
trouble. The Assistant Director stared at him for a moment,
eyes narrowing into feral slits.

"So," the man continued at last, "we understand each
other then, yes? Not a word of this to anyone else, Mr.
Hayes. Not a single word." ADs liked adding emphasis.

"Absolutely, sir," Tom said, without so much as an
eyelash out of place. "I got it."

Subterfuge is the fine art of deception. Those who
have this Ability know how to conceal their motives,
hide their actual feelings and otherwise lie their heads
off whenever engaged in conversation. This Talent also
represents how good a character is at noticing when
others are doing the deceiving. To tell a truly convinc-
ing lie, hide one's reactions or pick up on deceit, one
must use Subterfuge. In game play, it is most often used
to manipulate people, but characters can, and do, de-
velop it to avoid being manipulated themselves.

. Novice: People of average trust usually can't tell
when you're lying.

oe Practiced: You've got a decent poker face and

can pull off a good bluff.

Competent: You can keep track of entire webs

of lies you've built.


ahy

Expert: You can pull off a complex con game

and do it with style.

e@eeee Master: You're so full of it, everyone trusts you
implicitly.

Possessed by: Actors, Agents, Grifters, Lawyers, Politi-
cians, Teenagers

Specialties: Con Games, Hiding Emotions, Misdirec-

tion, Seduction, White Lies

SHILLS

Unlike Talents, which are largely hereditary in
nature, Skills are learned and acquired Abilities, devel-
oped through study and practice. If a character tries
using a Skill in which he has no dots, he must roll the
appropriate accompanying Attribute as normal, but
with a difficulty increase of one. Unskilled characters
justaren'tas effective as those who understand the tricks
of the trade.

ANIMAL HEN

"Nice kitty kitty..." whispered Hoyt, edging around the
side of the house. Animals always made him nervous when
he was skimming, probably because he always made them
nervous in the process. If this friggin' cat blew his cover, he'd
never forgive himself. And he sure as hell would never live it
down at the office.

As he sidled around to the back of the building, the cat
rose up on the tips of its toes and hissed wildly. Although the
sound was not very loud on its own, the combination of the
late hour and Hoyt's nerves made it seem like an alarm.

"Shit," Hoytsaid, backingtoward the street. "Foiled by Fluy

This Skill pertains to animals of all kinds, from
understanding their behavior to taming and training
wild critters. It also allows characters to communicate
with animals (at least to some degree) and to get them
todoas they're told. This can be an especially important
Ability at times, since animals are often spooked (pun
intended) by ghosts.

. Novice: "Sit, Rover... roll over... now, play
dead!"

oo Practiced: You know a little about animals and
can properly train a dog.

eee Competent: You can run an obedience school

for pets.
Expert: You can handle even the most danger-
ous animals with grace.

¢ Master: You are the be:

Possessed by: Animal Breeders, Circus Performers,
Farmers, Hunters, Trainers

Specialties: Attack Training, Calming, Communica-
tion, Guarding, Wild Beasts

t-master.

CRRETS

"Wow, that's a very nice... thing you've made. What the
hell is it?" John asked, turning it around in his hands. It looked
like a paper airplane made of wood, but that couldn' t possibly be
right. That would, of course, be dumb beyond belief.

"It's amodel, you cretin," Kate said, snatching it back.
"That's what I get for trying to instill some culture into you."

Whether it's cooking, sculpting, carpentry or even
mechanics, this Ability covers any type of work one
might do with one's hands. Characters skilled in a
chosen craft can build, create or modify functional
things or works of art using this Skill. The Storyteller
sets the difficulty and time required of any related
endeavor, typically anywhere from a few minutes to days
or weeks of work. Characters with this Skill must choose
aspecialty, although they don't gain a bonus for it until
they have 4 or more dots in their chosen interest.
Novice: You tinker around with simple craft
projects.
Practiced: You know your craft's subtleties and
little-known details.
Competent: You can make a living plying your
craft.

eee

sed with

¢ Expert: Others are regularly impre:

your work.

@eeee Master: You're a true master, and would be seen
as such.

Possessed by: Artists, Carpenters, Chefs, Inventors,
Mechanics

Specialties: Any specific craft, like Carpentry, Cook-

ing, Drawing or Pottery]

ORIVE

The Camaro screamed down the alley, whipping news-
paper and other debris in its spinning wake. Hoyt was
struggling to follow the Lincoln in front of him while simul-
taneously avoiding the trash cans forming the real borders of
his driving lane.

"You are going to get us killed," Zée said casually. She
slapped the steering wheel.

"Nah..." Hoyt replied through the radio; he smiled and
the engine revved in response. "Him, maybe... but not us,
sweetcheeks."

This Skill does not represent the ability to drive a car,
since Orpheus assumes that all modern characters have a
basic familiarity with handling and operating an automobile
in normal situations. Drive asa Skill allows the character to
perform tricky maneuvers, evade pursuers and engage in
road combat, all at dangerously high speeds. The Storyteller
can raise the difficulty of a Drive roll, depending upon how
r the character is with the operant vehicle.

Novice: You can safely maneuver a vehicle in
sub-par conditions.


Practiced: You can navigate through heavy
traffic or multiple obstacles.

eee Competent: Driving in Boston during the win-
ter is a snap for you.
e@eee Expert: You can make a living as a race-car or

stunt driver.
eeeee Master: There's no vehicle or stunt you can't
handle.
Possessed by: Bikers, Cabbies, Chauffeurs, Police, Truckers
Specialties: High Speeds, Motorcycles, Off-Roading,
Stunts, Shaking Tails
ETIQUETTE
"I must say, I've never seen you look so dashing," Kate
said, smiling ingenuously. The Assistant Director returned her
smile, but it was nonetheless a lean and hungry look, one bone
of professionalism rather than geniality. Nevertheless, Kate
pushed on. She needed him to open up to her.

"Why, thank you, Kate," he said, cupping the curve of
her elbow in his hand. She pretended not to notice. "I wasn't
aware that you'd be at this event tonight."

"Oh, you know me," she said, smiling idiotically. "I go
where the action is..."

Etiquette is the measure of a character's understanding
of the nuances and delicate balances of different societies
in a myriad of social circumstances. It provides guidance
when saying or doing the "proper" thing, and it allows a

character to fit in gracefully, act with decorum, earn respect

and deal with others in a diplomatic fashion. Characters

may use this Skill when dealing with polite society, whereas

Streetwise concerns "street" rules and mores. Specialties

often come in the form of a particular culture or setting.

. Novice: You know the language and rules well
enough not to insult someone.

oe Practiced: You gracefully blend into most social
situations.
eee Competent: Your grace and tact never fail you,

whether as host or guest.
Expert: You can be a professional diplomat... or spy.

Master: You can handle nearly any social sce-
nario and make it look easy.
sed by: Clergy, Diplomats, Politicians, Social-
ites, Spymasters
Specialties: Any specific subculture: Business, High
Society, Religious, etc.

FIREARMS

"That's right, nimrod, keep on moving. I guess you
want to be shot tonight." Ben was standing on the ledge of the
roof four stories up, his shooting hand and gun hanging out
over the edge. The underworld figure known as King Shang-
hai was in the courtyard below, moving furtively among the
dark spaces between streetlights. At the sound of his voice,
the figure stopped and Ben could swear he heard a muted
chuckle drift up from down below.

Poss

RACTER,

OREATIQ


"Oh, youdon'' t think I can hit you from here?" Ben said,
cocking his revolver. "Wouldn't be the first dead man to
make that mistake, that's for sure."

When all else fails, and negotiation is no longer an
option, there are always guns. This Skill covers identi-
fying, using and maintaining all sorts of firearms, from
pistols to assault rifles to fully automatic machine guns.
Itdoes not, however, cover heavy weapons like bazookas
or rocket launchers. Characters can roll Perception +
Firearms to recognize a particular type of gun and Wits
+ Firearms to fix a gun jam during a firefight.

. Novice: You've fired a gun before and know
how the thing works.

oe Practiced: You use firearms on a fairly regular
basis and are a decent shot.

eee Competent: Your gunslinging hand has seen its
share of action in the field.

e@eee Expert: You score well in marksmanship tests

and know a lot about guns.

e@eeee Master: You can field-strip your firearm in the
dark, and you almost always hit.

Possessed by: Gangsters, Gun Enthusi
Police, Survivalists

Specialties: Automatics, Fast-Draw, Rifles, Shotguns,
Pistols, Sniping

nEooITATION

Tom closed the door to his office and walked back to the
center of the room. After his encounter with the AD, he was
in desperate need of some centering. He'd actually started
practicing meditation back before joining the program, as part
of his anti-cancer regimen. He'd found that it cleared him of
some very unwanted negative energy back then, and it had
served him well since joining Orpheus. Now, all he wanted
was to find that place again. Dealing with these people made
him feel... dirty; he needed to cleanse his thoughts if he was
going to be at all prepared for what lay ahead.

One of the most useful skills an Orpheus Group
agent can master is the ability to edge out all distrac-
tions, including and especially those caused by
malevolent forces, and focus all attention upon the
matter at hand. This Skill covers all aspects of medita-
tion, from deep breathing to full on biofeedback, and
does not necessarily involve use of the lotus (or any
other particular) position. Indeed, Meditation is per-
haps the most individual of skills, allowing each
practitioner to develop his own unique method based
upon what works best for him. Meditation is also useful
for regaining lost Willpower by entering a comalike
trance during which time the character's spirit reinvigo-
rates itself. After each full hour in this trance, the player
rolls Meditation alone against difficulty 9, although
conducive surroundings, like peaceful music or incense
) burning, may reduce this difficulty to as low

's, Fumigators,

Storyteller's discretion). Success on this roll restores one

&. ot

point of Willpower, while each botched roll indicates
the loss of yet another Willpower. If this meditation is
forcefully interrupted and the character loses concen-
tration before any given hour is up, he loses his "banked"
time and gains no benefit.

Additionally, all skimmers need the Skill Medita-
tion to project within a single turn. Otherwise, they
need a full minute to separate soul from meat. In emer-
gency situations, however, the character without dots in
this Skill can project instantly using a Willpower roll
(difficulty 8).

° Novice: You can block out the noise of your
upstairs neighbor's vacuum.

oe Practiced: You can quickly achieve a peaceful
repose.
eee Competent: You find a way to relax in nearly

any position or situation.
Expert: It takes a hurricane to break your con-
centration once it's been established.

Master: You are glacial in your calm, and your
serenity is imperturbable.
Possessed by: Athletes, Buddhists, Monks, Skimmers,
Zen Masters
Biofeedback, Centering, Deep Breathing,
Skimming, Zen

nelree

"I don't suppose I could talk you out of this, eh, chum?"
John said jovially, his back against the bar. The advancing
Cro-Magnon brandished his "ace" pool cue — the very one
that had just lost him two hundred bucks — and he seemed
hell-bent on using it. "Didn't think so," John said, muttering
more to himself.

Specialt:

The biker swung in a downward arc. John, however,
pivoted to one side, snatching up a beer bottle from the
counter in the process... he now had a bottle in each hand.
The cue splintered against the bar with a sharp snap, but John
brought the bottle in his left hand up in a jabbing motion,
hammering the gut of his attacker. With his right hand, John
smashed the second bottle against the back of the sore loser's
head; it shattered in a spray of green glass. The fat man
"oofed" one more time and fell flat on his stomach.

"Not to worry," John said, addressing the bar at large.
"The drinks were on him."

In the modern age, fighting with hand-held weap-
ons is practically a lost art. Aside from the occasional
knife fight, there's little in the way of formalized melee,
anymore. All the same, some characters are drawn to
practicing such arts, giving them acquaintance with a
variety of melee weapons, from clubs and knives to
swords and even more exotic arms like and maces.
Any weapon that a character can wield in close combat
falls under this Skill — even broken bottles and other

ate RF ie


improvised arms. Note that thrown weapons are cov-

ered by the Athletics Talent.

. Novice: You know how to holda melee weapon
properly.

Practiced: You have the equivalent of basic
training in armed combat.
eee

Competent: You can mak
almost any object.

Expert: You can compete with professionals
and teach them a trick or two.

a weapon out of

Master: You actually have the know-how dis-

played in action movie sequences.

Possessed by: Fencers, Fumigators, Gangsters, Martial
Artists, Soldiers

Specialties: Any specific weapon, like Axes, Knives,

Swords or any specific maneuver, like Disarm-

ing, Parrying, Thrusting, etc.

PERFORMANCE

"Presto change-o!" John said with a wave and stage
flourish, pointing to the man on the floor. "Watch, ladies and
gentlemen, as I turn this perfectly ordinary biker into a bear
rug!" At first, his gambit met with a few amazed stares, but
when an inebriated gal in the back cackled, John knew he had
them. And thank God for that.

This could have been a very tough crowd, indeed

Whereas Expression represents the "gift of gab,"
Performance is the learned facet of the performing arts,
be it acting, dancing, singing or playing music. This Skill
typically carries a specialty of one kind or another, a
particular area of study, though many performers are
veritable jacks of all performing trades — the proverbial
"all-around entertainers"). Performance comes into play
whenever a character wishes to give a skilled and/or
convincing performance. Combined with Expression,
characters can create beautiful works and bring them to
vivid life before an audience. Using Subterfuge, they can
display a particular emotion and make it believable (a
crucial application for any successful actor). Agents can
also use Performance to make the most of their manifes-
tations, either by playing up their own preternatural
creepiness or by using their emotive skills to counter the
visual effects of their own Stains.

. Novice: You've got talent, for an amateur.
.

Practiced: You're capable and comfortable in
front of an audience.

Competent: Your confidence and ability im-
presses crowds.

e@eee Expert: Audiences are dazzled by your perfor-

mances.

@eeee Master: You can pack houses and garner well-
deserved standing ovations.

Possessed by: Actors, Dancers, Musicians, Orators,
Singers

Specialties: Acting, Dancing, Musical Instrument, Sing-
ing, Stand-Up
SECURITY

"I want two men around back, you copy that?" Chet
barked into the receiver. "And double-time it. We have no
idea how long the southern approach has been exposed. B-
team, you will join me in two-by-two cover formation; C-
team, double check the perimeter alarms and make sure you
have that video feed up and running by o-five-hundred. I'm
not taking any chances with these guys

Some would argue that Security is as much a Talent
as it isa Skill, and there is some merit to that statement.
Levels in Security offer a character a deep understanding
of how to secure people, places and items, as well as to
overcome the security measures emplaced by others.
This aptitude covers everything from securing a loca-
tion to installing alarms and other security systems, as
well as circumventing them. Characters can recognize
different security measures with a Perception + Security
roll, and figure out the design and weaknesses with an
Intelligence + Security roll. Bypassing a particular secu-
rity system may require Dexterity or Intelligence for the
Attribute, depending on the system.

. Novice: You're familiar with standard locks and
home security measures.

oe Practiced: You can hot-wire a car or pick a

simple lock.

¢ Competent: You know much about security
systems and techniques.

Expert: You can install a state-of-the-art secu-
rity system, or bypass one.

Master: There's no security system you can't

improve or defeat.

Possessed by: Agents, Bodyguards, Criminals, Security
Consultants, Stalkers

Specialties: Alarms, Electronics, Escape, Lockpicking,
On-Site Security

STEALTH

The dingy rowhouse sure had a lot of guards, considering
the neighborhood. Hoyt saw at least two punks in black for
each entrance, and those were just the ones he'd spotted thus
far. Thankfully, none had spotted him yet.

No sooner had that thought occurred to him when
another punk stepped into view just down the alleyway from
where Hoyt now stood. As he watched, the thug lifted his rifle
and walked toward Hoyt's nook. Just before the punk
approached the comer, Hoyt pressed his back against the
wall, pushing himself further into the nook's shadows. The
punk walked right by Hoyt, oblivious to the danger. Hoyt
silently moved behind the thug, then quickly reconsidered
knocking him out. Instead, he reached out quietly.

The thug spun around, but there was nobody there
Hoyt was already dematerialized and inside the rifle, wi


for the thug to bring him inside the operation.
Whether remaining motionless or sneaking on the
move, this Skill allows a character to hide, pure and simple.
As a tule, players typically roll Dexterity + Stealth (diffi-
culty 6) resisted by a would-be viewer's Perception +
Alertness (difficulty 6) to escape notice. If the character
scores fewer successes than the target, the adversary spots
him. Storytellers might opt to make Stealth rolls secretly,
since a character rarely knows whether his attempt at
Ith has been successful or not.
. Novice: You can hide behind large objects or in
dark places.
Practiced: You can fade into a crowd or follow
someone relatively covertly.

eee Competent: You're rarely noticed unless you
wish to be.

eeee Expert: You can sneak across an open field
without being seen or walk a gravel path with
no noise.

@eeee Master: You're like a ninja, one who moves ¢
ghost.

Possessed by: Commandos, Fumigators, Reporters, Spies,
Thieves

Specialties: Camouflage, Crowds, Darkness, Shadow-

ing, Sneaking
SURVIVAL
To the girl, the snap of each twig and branch sounded like

a cavernous dinner bell, calling her to the attention of all local
wildlife. She was positive she was runningin circles now, and she
feared that if the evil spirit didn't get her, Mother Nature
certainly would. Just then, she heard another twig snap, this time
from behind her and to the right. The girl let out a thin yelp and

spun around, nearly falling over herself in the process.

"It's okay," Tom said, stepping out of the shadows.
"You're safe now. Just stay with me and I'll get us out of these
woods in one piece."

Although most characters are dependent on the
creature comforts of modern living, there are those who
haven't forgotten what it takes (and what it means) to
survive in the wild. This Skill covers surviving in the
wilderness with only simple tools and resources. The
more dots one has, the fewer resources one needs to
survive. Characters can live off the land, avoid the
dangers of the environment, find shelter, etc. Charac-
tersshould pick aspecialty representing the environment
they know best.

. Novice: You've gone camping a few times.
° Practiced: You've camped a lot and probably
taken survival courses, too.

eee Competent: You can care for a small group of
people in the wilderness.
eeee Expert: You can live off the land indefinitely.

<a Eee 4s
eeeee Master: You are one with whatever environ-
ment you're in.
Possessed by: Boy Scouts, Campers, Commandos, Hunt-
ers, Survivalists
Specialties: Any specific environment, like Arctic,
Desert, Forest, Urban or any specific aspect of
survival, like Hazards, Hunting, Shelter, etc.
TECHNOLOGY
"You must be joking," Kate said with a flat expression.
"If you want someone to fix something mechanical, | amnot
that person." She held out her hands like it might absolve hers
of all responsibility. John snickered gleefully.

"Oh, have no fear, dear. I didn't honestly expect you
would, but I couldn't resist getting your reaction to the very
suggestion," he said, tossing her another wink.

The wonders of the modern world are marvelous,
indeed — the electronic era of life's rich pageant. Those
who possess this Skill are familiar with the electronic
works of the current age and can operate, understand,
and even build or upgrade them. Purely mechani-
cal devices fall under the Crafts Skill, while specific
computer hardware and software expertise relates to
Computer Knowledge (p. 177). Characters without this
Skill may know how to operate various machines and
devices, but they won't necessarily know how they work
inside, or how to fix and repair them.

. Novice: You can rewire a lamp and make some
small household repairs.

ee Practiced: You can do basic electronic work or
build a crystal radio set.

eee Competent: You're a skilled electrical engi-
neer, able to fix or build adeptly.

eeee Expert: You can alter or upgrade existing elec-

tronic equipment.

e@eeee Master: You're ahead of your time when it
comes to technological designs.

Possessed by: Criminals, Engineers, Repair Personnel,
Spies, Technicians

Specialties: Appliances, Communications,
Customization, Invention, Vehicles

HNHOWLEDGES

The final category of Abilities, Knowledges are
distinct in that characters acquire them through study
and involved application. As such, Knowledges are
most often paired with Mental Attributes (a Stamina +
Academics roll, for example, would be a weird roll,
indeed). If a character doesn't have a ranking in a
Knowledge Ability, his player cannot attempt to make
aroll involving it without Storyteller permission. If one
doesn't know something, he doesn't know it and trying
won't help much. Players may wish to distinguish (some-
where on the character sheet) between Knowledges


learned through formal education and those learnt on
their own (and without the added prestige of a degree).

ACAROEMCS

"Earth gapes, hell burns, saints pray, to have him
suddenly covey'd away."

Ben blinked at his opponent, the man whose face he still
couldn' t see. "What the hell is that supposed to mean?" Ben
asked, pointing an accusing finger.

"It's Shakespeare, friend," said the man known as King
Shanghai. "And whatit means to you, Ben Cotton," he said,
drawing a pair of curved blades from his cloak, "is that our
litele game of cat and mouse draws to its end."

This Knowledge represents an education in the
liberal arts, including history, literature, philosophy,
sociology and a bit of psychology. It can also serve as a
benchmark for the character's overall level of formal
education and experience with the academic world.
Characters must choose a specialty, though they will
still have a broad understanding of those related areas
outside their chosen specialty. The vast majority of
Academics rolls involve Intelligence to recall particular
facts, though other Attributes may hold relevance in
some cases. The difficulty of Academics rolls is depen-
dent upon the obscurity of the information one is trying
to recall, from 4 (routine things) to 8 (very obscure).

. Novice: Youhave the equivalentof an associate's
degree in the arts.

oe Practiced: Youcan hold yourown inany discus-
sion involving hum:

eee Competent: You're a veritable font of esoteric
knowledge.

eeee Expert: When you get going, you can easily lose

people in your scholarly wake.

e@eeee Master: You are a certified expert in your cho-
sen field of study.

Possessed by: Academics, Historians, Literary Critics,
Professors, Writers.

Specialties: Architecture, Art, History, Literature,
Music, Sociology.

BURERUCRACY

John smiled at the woman behind the counter. He was
taking a big risk coming here, but he hoped that his knowledge
of the process (combined with a little smooth talking) would
do the trick

"Hmm... I don't see any record of the transaction,
mister... Carruthers, was it?"

"Actually, it's Carters, ma'am. John Carters. You
should find my file right there, with all the other C's," he said,
giving her his polished smirk and stage-perfected wink. When
she blushed, he knew he'd hit paydirt.

Bureaucracy represents a character's ability to wrangle
what he wants from the system, whether by paperwork,

Va},

phone calls, bribery or what have you. It is useful for

manipulating various city or institutional officials, navigat-

ing the political organ or even operating a bureaucracy of

one's own design. Those with high levels in this Knowledge

are among the most organized people in the world.

. Novice: You can file your own tax returns with

no problems.

Practiced: You can file other peoples' tax re-

turns and get them refunds.

Competent: You can stall an angry citizen in-

definitely.

Expert: You can effectively manage a branch of

the government (if they'd let you).

@eeee Master: The system is your playground...
takes is a phone call.

Possessed by: Accountants, Bureaucrats, Civil Ser-
vants, Executive Assistants

Specialties: Accounting, Code, Governmental Regula-
tions, Requisitions, Taxes

COMPUTER

Terrence glided his essence along the twisting mass of
circuits that led to the mainframe. He passed what should
have been firewall, but wasn't. For all their security precau-
tions, the network never even considered safeguarding their
system from intrusion of this kind. Christ, they didn't even
reroute most of this stuff.

all it

"Shame, shame," Terrence whispered to himself and
climbed into the hard drive.

This Knowledge is becoming more and more impor-
tant as the Digital Age advances into the 21st century.
It covers the operations and programming of computers
and computer software, from routine procedures to in-
depth knowledge of hardware and systems. With enough
of aranking, a character could easily command a consid-
erable salary as a programmer or computer engineer.
Quite a few people these days have at least one dot in
Computer, especially in the West, but not so many are
learned enough to really make computers work well.

. Novice: You can operate a computer, including
email and word processing.
Practiced: You can do complicated data-entry
and write simple programs.

eee Competent: You can design your own programs

that work as well as any.

Expert: You can create and design both hard-

ware and complex software.

eeeee Master: You know just about everything worth
knowing about computers.

Possessed by: Engineers, Geeks, Hackers, Program-
mers, Students

Specialties: Hacking, Hardware, Internet, Research,
Software, Viruses


EniGMaS

"Do you have any idea what this is?" Kate asked,
handing the woman the black oblong box. The woman turned
it gently over in her hands. There was a grimacing, horned
face pressed into the back cover, leering out like a clown.

"Oh, yes," the woman said, staring in wonderment.
"It's a Gordian knot of Hellish intent, but before I say
more... you must tell me where you found this, dear lady."

Mysteries, riddles and secrets are the purview of this
Knowledge. It allows characters to pull together infor-
mation for puzzles of all varieties, to piece together
relevant facts and details of a given problem, and com-
bine them into a coherent whole. It is also useful for
piercing the veils of deception that supernatural forces
often use to cloak their activities and goals
gsaw puzzles

O Novice: You can piece together
fairly well.

ee Practiced: You guessed Bruce Willis was dead
before the movie ended.
eee Competent: You knew Bruce Willis was dead

from the beginning of the movie.
¢ Expert: You know what happens when a tree
falls in a forest
eee Master: Zeno's Paradox is a nice warm-up for
you.
Possessed by: Gamers, Logicians, Mystics, Philoso-
phers, Stage Magicians
Specialties: Head Games, Koans, Puzzles, Riddles,
Wordplay
Finance

"Damn... if only we knew where the bastard's money was
going," Zée said, muttering and staring at the papers in front of
her. Hoyt turned to look at her.

"Howaboutl take alook at those?" he said, reaching for the file.

"You?" she said, her eyebrows rising in disbelief.

"Yeah, me," he said, laughing. "There's lots you don't
know about me, hon."

This Knowledge covers the handling and making of
money, from accounting and book-keeping to evaluat-
ing an item's worth or playing the stock market.
Characters can use it to earn revenue legitimately or for
things like insider trading and other financial scams. In
addition to helping provide a comfortable level of wealth
(see the Resources Background, p. 188), Finance is good
for navigating paper trails or knowing how to conceal
one's true assets.

. Novice: You have some basic experience with
bookkeeping and finance.

Practiced: You have a degree (or equivalent) in
accounting or finance.

Competent: Your knowledge is equivalent to
having an MBA.

e@eee Expert: You could run a major corporation and
turn a profit.
eeeee Master: The stock market? Sounds like free

money to you.

Possessed by: Accountants, Businessmen, Fences, Smug-
glers, Stock Brokers
Specialties: Accounting, Appraisal, Currency Exchange,
Fencing, Stock Market
INVESTIGATION
Chet walked around the mansion's living room, stopping
Kate's question with a finger. He finally turned to her, smiling.
"What're we doing here?" Kate asked. "The body was

found upstairs."

"Spotted two things wrong here," Chet explained.

"Wrong?" Kate said. She looked around with a more
critical eye now. "I see indents on the rug... the furniture was
moved recently."

"Good... that's one."

Kate looked around briefly, then shrugged. "I give...
everything looks normal. What's two?"

"There's a rectangular spot on the wall that's a little darker
than the surrounding wallpaper, which is sun bleached. A
painting was stolen."

"Ah," Kate said. "So, Mr. Tanners was strangled down
here, but the assailant moved him upstairs so nobody would
notice the missing picture."

"Andin the struggle," Chet said, concluding Kate's thought,
"they moved the furniture. The murderer never moved it back
properly."

A character with this Knowledge is trained to search
for clues and piece together evidence to solve problems,
from investigating crimes to discovering secret or con-
cealed goings-on. Investigation allows a character to find
clues, piece them together, conduct research and track
down leads.

. Novice: You're an amateur sleuth or armchair
detective.

Practiced: You have a cop's eye and perspective on
visual evidence.

eee Competent: You have a detective's savvy and
periential acuity.
eeee Expert: Youcan be an FBI special agent or profes-

sional profiler.
© Master: You and Sherlock Holmes, baby.
d by: Agents, Coroners, Detectives, Police, Profilers
ys, Leads,

Pos:
Specialties: Crime Scenes, Forensics, Intervie
Research

LAW

"Get outta here, before I have you arrested," the
building manager said, rolling up his sleeves. A manifested
Craig turned to face the man. These threats were growing


_ 5 a

very tedious, he decided, but he didn't want to tip the man off
to his dead state by vanishing. Besides, Craig hated bullies

"Oh, I don't think you'll be doing that," Craig replied,
stepping forward. "See, if the police show up, I'll just point out
all the housing infractions that you've accumulated running this
litele slum. Faulty pipes, exposed floorboards, no heating or hot
water, rat droppings everywhere." Craig smiled.

"T see at least ten finable infractions and three more
serious enough to land your ass in jail. Now... still interested
in having me arrested?"

Those trained in Law have an understanding of
legal codes and procedures, and can call upon their
know-how to provide legal advice or figure out ways of
addressing various legalities. Some may even be licensed
to practice law officially. In the case of Orpheus Group
agents, it is also very important that characters know
how best to avoid the law, as well as the best ways to bend
or interpret the law to their own advantage. Some can
opt to focus on religious law as their specialty, and it
remains a common concentration.

° Novice: You keep up with Court TV and can
follow all the proceedings.

oe Practiced: You're a pre-law graduate, or at least
have read many legal texts.

Competent: You have a law degree, or the
equivalent thereof.

© Expert: You can win the toughest cases and give
the soundest legal advice.
eeeee Master:
Advocate.
Possessed by: Criminals, Judges, Lawyers, Police, Politicians
Specialties: Civil, Contract, Corporate, Criminal, Religious

LINGUISTICS

"I said hush!" Kate said, straining to hear the sound
coming from the television set.

fou can be (and maybe are) the Devil's

John was now convinced she was going mad.

"It's... English," Kate said, mumbling, "but broken.
And maybe... a southern dialect?"

John could neither confirm nor refute her suspicions.
Well, except maybe that Kate was going nuts

Orpheus assumes that every character can speak,
read and write in his native language, but this Knowl-
edge governs any further linguistic ability. Dots in
Linguistics allow a character to speak additional lan-
guages, as indicated below. The player chooses which
languages his character knows (with Storyteller per-
mission), and is not restricted to common, everyday
tongues of the modern world. High levels in this
Knowledge also indicate some understanding of the
cience of languages — their construction, design and
y choose the study of


linguistics itself as one of their "language" choices to

earn a more scholarly understanding of the topic.

. Novice: One extra language

. Practiced: Two extra languages

¢ Competent: Four extra languages

¢ Expert: Eight extra languages

© Master: 16 extra languages

Possessed by: Diplomats, Linguists, Spies, Translators,
World Travelers

Specialties: Codes and Ciphers, Slang, any modern/
ancient or written language

MEDICINE

Chet leaned over the broken, twisted body of the boy
to search for signs of life. He pressed two fingers to the
boy's throat, and with the other hand, counted time on his
watch, The boy was fading fast, but there might just be
time. Chet took off his jacket and covered his ward to stop
him from going into shock. He then tore strips from his
shirt, bandaging the wounds and sopping up the blood. In
the distance, an ambulance wailed its approach.

This Trait represents an understanding of the
workings of flesh and blood, specifically the human
body and how to treat it. It involves knowledge of
anatomy, physiology and basic medicinal techniques,
as well as potential treatments. With more dots, it
expands to include advanced diagnosis, treatment of
disease and surgery — all the skills a physician (even
if the character isn't licensed) might use. Those with
this Knowledge can treat the injuries and maladies of
themselves or others. Note that Medicine is all but
useless in treating ghosts and projected entities, whose
"bodies" are mere reflections of emotional states. If
anything, psychology might work better.

. Novice: You know basic first-aid and CPR train-
ing.

Practiced: You can be
trained paramedic.

a pre-med student or

¢ Competent: You're competent enough to be a

licensed general practitioner.

Expert: Good enough to be a surgeon or skilled

medical specialist.

@e¢eee Master: You're renowned for your acumen and
skill in the field.

Possessed by: Doctors, Lifeguards, Nurses, Paramedics

Specialties: Emergency Care, Pathology, Pharmacol-
ogy, Poisons, Surgery

OCCULT

"Show me your hoary wisdom, oh most ancient of
ancestor spirits," Allesius said, legs crossed and arms held
out as if in supplication. "Reveal to me your secrets that
I might help your descendants survive the final age."

Rates sii, hit stopped herself from laughing out
loud. She couldn't believe she was this desperate, but there
she was, paying for the "great Allesius'" services. Suddenly,
however, the brazier of incense flared brightly for amoment,
followed by the rise of a thickening wine-colored smoke. The
purplish mist roiled wildly for a moment before spiraling
upward in a corkscrew.

"Ah, yes..." Allesius whispered, peering at the mist.
"Of course. I should have known."

In a world teeming with the supernatural, much
information exists about the mysterious, the mythic, the
legendary... the occult. In the World of Darkness some
of it is true, but much of it is not. Occult grants a
character knowledge of the preternatural and
otherwordly, in both theory and practice. In addition, it
gifts him with the ability to discern fact from fancy, and
this is perhaps its greatest gift.

Storytellers should note that because Orpheus does
not deal with a greater supernatural cosmology at the
moment, he may wish to limit the effectiveness of this
Knowledge. He may dictate that the characters know
nothing of "clans" and "tribes," or may comfortably allow
for chronicles delving into the greater World of Darkness.

. Novice: You've read a few books and picked up
on some fundamentals.

ee Practiced: You've read a lot of books and know
the obvious falsehoods.

eee Competent: You know all the major occult lore
and a few obscure facts.

eeee Expert: Youcan separate truth from fallacy, and
you know a considerable deal.

eee Master: You're privy to secrets of which few

others are aware.
ssed by: Cultists, Mages, Neo-Pagans, Occultists,
Parapsychologists
Specialties: Cultural Belief, Demons, Fairies, Mum-
mies, Vampires, Werewolves

POLITICS

Chet leaned down so that his mouth was barely an inch
above the speaker on his phone. "If you didn't hear me, I can
repeat the request," he said sharply. "Or shall I just have the
senator give you a call personally? I'm sure he won't mind."
After alongmoment, the voice on the other end of the line spoke.

"No, sir, it just took me a moment to find the file. I have
it right here. There's no need to involve the senator."

The political game has its own set of rules, and a
character with this Knowledge knows them inside out.
Additionally, it represents some up-to-date awareness of
the various power players ina given arena and how they got
there. It represents a grasp of major issues and how they
affect the political process, and provides an understanding


of the fundamentals of mortal politics. To truly excel at
playing the game, of course, one must rely on Abilities like
Expression, Performance and Subterfuge (but Politics is
how best to use them).

. Novice: You're a part-time or armchair political
activist or analyst.

ee Practiced: You were a political science major or
small time politician.

eee Competent: You might be a political analyst/

commentator.

Expert: You can hold a national political office.
Ma: You can move through the highest
political circles in the world.

Possessed by: Activists, Lawyers, Politicians, Plotters
Specialties: Bribes, City, Federal, International, State,
Radical

Ssclence

"Hand me that beaker," the chemist told John and put on
a pair of thick rubber gloves.

John obeyed, walking quickly over to the chemist who
was studying something under a microscope. "What's in it?"
John asked, equally curious and impatient.

"Shit" the chemist said. "Everything's in here. This
pigment seems heavy on the iodine, pseudoephedrine, ac-
etone... all the shit you'd expect in crystal meth."

"But?" John asked.

"But, there's another compound I can't identify. Flakes
something. I'll need to run some more tests.

of.

This Knowledge represents a learned understanding
of the basic physical sciences: Biology, chemistry, phys-
ics, etc. Most characters have a particular specialty upon
which they focused their studies, but they still retain a
broad understanding of the general principles of the
other sciences. To use this Ability, the Storyteller will
assign the difficulty for recalling a particular scientific
fact or solving a science-oriented mystery, according to
the complexity of the task. Note that Science is theo-
retical; Crafts and Technology coversome of the practical

applications.
. Novice: You did well in high school science
classes.

Practiced: You have a good view and practical
experience of the sciences.

eee Competent: You've done your own research
and experiments in the field.
eeee Expert: You're a skilled researcher with a deep

understanding of the sciences.

Master: Scientists the world over read your
theories and research.

Possessed by: Academics, Engineers, Researchers, Sci-
entists, Technicians

VAR
Specialties: Biology, Chemistry, Geology, Nuclear,
Physics, etc.

BACHGROUNDS

Throughout a character's life, she acquires con-
tacts, material po: ions and social status. Even in
death, she gains certain "considerations" by virtue of
her connection to the living. These aren't things she
learned or for which she trained. They stem from her
past and often come about through a bit of luck.
Backgrounds cover everything from friends to the
role that fate holds for a character, and they have
direct ties to a character's history, helping you flesh
her out. As a player assigns points to Backgrounds,
she helps define the character's exact personality,
for Backgrounds offer a more detailed portrait of
one's history.

There are two types of Backgrounds in Orpheus:
normal Backgrounds (available to all characters) and
Orpheus Backgrounds (available to Orpheus mem-
bers). Characters belonging to Orpheus begin the
game with two dots in Orpheus Backgrounds, in
addition to the two dots in normal Backgrounds that
all characters receive. Storytellers, however, may also
dictate that working for companies such as Terrel &
Squib or Next World offer the same benefits, and thus
two company Backgrounds as well.

Orpheus Backgrounds: Arsenal, Detective License,
Health Insurance, Patron, Personal Trainer, Status.
Normal Backgrounds: Allies, Artifact, Contacts, Des-

tiny, Influence, Memorial, Mentor, Reincarnate, Resources.

ORF HEUS
BACHE ROUNDS

Orpheus has powerful ties and connections to other
organizations throughout the world, and as a result they
can provide their agents with opportunities and advan-
tages. The six Orpheus Backgrounds all reflect the extra
benefits Orpheus provides, but just because something is
listed as an Orpheus Background doesn't mean other
characters can't have something similar in their history.
Orpheus, for example, isn't the only corporation offer-
ing employees insurance. The Health Insurance
Background, however, means that Orpheus will cover
the unusual incidents that characters encounter. A
character may also purchase guns and start a collection.
That's fine, but the same character with the Orpheus
Background: Arsenal won't have to do all the legwork.
Contact with Orpheus opens opportunities for charac-
ters to acquire multiple firearms and ammo with little
expense. If the player purchases Arsenal, the character
won't have to work to maintain the Background unless,
of course, he dies.


noRnmnAaL
BACHE ROUNDS

There's nothing normal about "normal" Backgrounds
in Orpheus. Some Backgrounds have supernatural a
pects, and all of them can be valuable for a characte}
The important thing to remember is that Backgrounds
should help define and be defined by your character's
history, not as an extension of manipulating the system.

YOU CANT TARHE IT
WITH YOU

Technically, ghosts can't take Arsenal, Detective
License, Health Insurance, Personal Trainer or Re-
sources, unless it's a commodity they acquired in life that
others can use. A ghost may have collected an Arsenal
in life, for example, to which other characters can gain
access. The reality, however, is that since ghosts can
"manifest" and pass themselves off as alive for as long as
the Vitality is flowing, they can still use their Arsenal,
Detective License and Resources with a bit of ingenuity.
They certainly can't carry anything around with them as
spooks, but they can ask an ally to carry their detective
license, gun or credit card until they manifest. The trick
here is in ensuring that the character's death was never
officially recorded. That way the estate doesn't divide up
the Resources, and grieving relatives don't sell off the
Arsenal cache that they discover in your home.

Unfortunately, these Backgrounds are no longer
self-replenishing through the character's influence or
presence. They will depreciate and eventually run dry
during the chronicle unless the character uses his Allies
to manage his belongings or makes a concerted effort to
ensure that certain Backgrounds remain active. In the
example of the Arsenal, each time characters use the
weapons and equipment, the rating may drop by a dot at
the Storyteller's discretion if the character doesn't main-
tain it. Resources are more difficult since the character
can no long hold down a job, unless he has a special
arrangement with Orpheus. In any event, Health Insur-
ance and Personal Trainer are just unavailable to ghosts.
They have, instead, Memorial and Reincarnate, which
projectors may never take.

ALLIES

Craig manifested, then picked up the phone and dialed
the FBI station head. A team of operatives was in trouble,
caught in a firefight with a well-armed drug lord and his thugs.
The police didn't have the firepower to stop the shoot out,
even if they arrived in time. Nick answered the phone.

"You're not on a secure line," Nick said.

"Sorry, Nick... I've got trouble. I need a hostage-rescue

team and any other resources available to stop an ongoing
firefight at 40* and Main. Details later."

"For you, no problem. The cavalry is on the way."

re people who help and support you, either out of
love or for their own reasons. They can be old friends from life
before Orpheus or organizations with ties to you. They may
have skills of their own, but more often they have influence in
their community with resources beyond your own. Allies are
generally trustworthy, but the relationship is a two-way street.
If youneglect them, then they will be less likely to aid you, and
while Allies don'tnecessarily know the truth about Orpheus or
the hereafter, they may have their suspicions. No matter what,
however, these are the people who are there for you. What are
friends for, anyway?
Before the game, players should determine who
their allies are with the Storyteller, as well as their
relationship to the character. How do you know these
people? Did you go to school with the local FBI chief?

Did you date a top scientist back in high school?

X You're a definite loner.

1 One ally of moderate power and influence (a
doctor, a police officer).

2 Two allies of moderate power (a local politi-
cian, a crime reporter).

3 Three allies, one with great influence (newspa-

per editor, wealthy real estate investor).
4 Four allies, one of them very influential (city
mayor, star athlete, military base commander).
5 Five allies, one of them extremely influential
(governor, TV star, general).

ARSENAL

Ben knew his team would encounter trouble on this latest
mission. He looked down at his pistol. It wasn't going to be
enough for this job. He needed something with range and punch.

Ben unlocked his closet door, a window on his more
violent past that revealed over a dozen firearms on the wall.
Ben calmly reached for his favorite... an assault rifle with
laser targeting. This should do the trick, Ben thought.
Evenif the mob boss had an armored car, it still wouldn't stop
this baby's armor piercing shots.

You have at your disposal weapons and equipment,
particularly relevant to your work with Orpheus. If you
need some hardware that you don't own, you can obtain
it, legally or illegally, through your connections. This
provides a character with access to heavy firepower and
gear, like night-vision goggles or SWAT body armor,
but bear in mind that anyone with this hardware is likely
on Orpheus' go-to list for black bag operations.

xX You aren't even sure how to buy a gun.
1 Modest gun collection.
2 Substantial firearms, including rifles, shotguns,

pistols and other items like police scanners.

3 Serious weapons collector with military surplus
items, including military camouflage gear and
night-vision binoculars.


aaa See co
Gun Show Regular, able to open a booth at any
local gun show with weapons like assault rifles,
sniper rifles and possibly a heavy weapon.

5 ATF Nightmare! You can get your hands on

just about anything up to a tank.
FAATIF ACT

Chet Mason knew where the Spectre was hiding. The
other projectors, those kids, called for a retreat, but Chet
knew better, just like in 'Nam. Suddenly, he felt a sidearm
materialize in his hands... still didn't know where the damn
thing came from, though. Chet didn't care much either. He
aimed and filled the Spectre's darkened alcove with gauze
bullets. The creature shrieked, plasm holes punching through
its form. Chet kept firing.

Somehow the character finds himself in possession
ofa lost item or object of power that materializes in gauze
form when he needs it. Orpheus researchers know that
some artifacts appear to have supernatural powers, while
others are simply useful by virtue of their function (like
agun that fires an endless supply of gauze bullets). By all
accounts, however, the artifact was once real before its
destruction but possessed enough of a psychic invest-
ment by its owners (or victims) that it still exists in gauze
form. Characters with this Background possess a single
artifact of power, with the artifact's potency increasing
according to the number of dots assigned to the Back-
ground. Storytellers are the ultimate authority on artifacts
and the extent of their powers, though a safe rule of
thumb is that each dot in the Background represents an
equivalent die in effect. Artifacts appear only to ghosts
and projected entities, and they never appear to the
living, nor do they affect the living, even in the hands of
a manifesting ghost.

xX You don't have any artifact.

1 You have a small artifact, like the spiritual
version of a mundane, melee weapon.

2 Your artifact is of moderate power, possibly a
good luck charm.

3 This level of artifact could be a mystical weapon
like a holy blade or blessed bullets.

4 An artifact of this power level may have mul-

tiple minor abilities or one kickass major power.

on

You possess a powerful talisman, something
with international fame or notoriety.

CONTReCTS

Annie read the mission report over the unsuspecting
secretary's shoulder. Something caught her eye about the relic
smugglers, a record of phone calls to Columbia. Annie
smiled. She hadn't talked to Consuela for ages, not since that
incident in the Amazon, and it was unlikely Consuela had
heard about Annie's death. She might know someone who

Ty, -
knew about charter flights from Columbia. Four hours later,
Consuela called back with the name of the airstrip. It's good
to have friends across the globe, Annie thought before
returning to ghost form.

Characters with Contacts have direct access to
information, and while they aren't as reliable or trust-
worthy as allies, they are well informed. And what they
don't know, they can find out. Contacts are essentially
the shortcut to research. By calling on contacts, a
character can glean information that he usually needs
within a few hours. He may spend a few dollars or
promise a favor or two in the process, but the character
will end up with the required information.

Each dot represents a primary contact, though if
these acquaintances are unavailable, the character may
still find other information networks. Players must de-
termine the identity of a character's primary contacts
with the Storyteller. For any rolls involving Contacts, é
player should roll Manipulation + Contacts
xX When you need information, you ask someone
else to find it.

One primary contact.

Two primary contacts.
Three primary contacts.
Four primary contacts.
Five primary contacts.
DESTINY

Dr. Anderson looked at the charts. "Tom, with your
history, I'm surprised you made it this long."

Tom smiled sadly. "Doctor, it's been a hard fight."
Dr. Anderson checked the previous MRIs, noting the

progression of Tom's disease. "I wouldn't have given you a
chance, based on four of these charts. Yet, you're still here.
Hmmm... you're lucky. That bullet just strayed across your
forehead last night."

UbwWNe

Tom sighed. "I sure don't feel lucky, doc."
Some people have a particular role to play ina life

They are destined for a higher purpose, possibly leading
Fice or terrible tragedy. Characters with
this Background live under the protection of this
‘charmed life," heading relentlessly on their path to
their ultimate fate. For each point of Destiny, acharacter's
player may re-roll one die roll per session. The player
may only re-roll a set of dice once, however; the second

toa heroic s

ac

result stands.
Your life isn't run by some mystical force.
One re-roll.
Two re-rolls.
Three re-rolls.
Four re-rolls.

UbBWNe &

Five re-rolls.


Kate walked to the counter and slipped a piece of
paper forward.

"There's an irregularity with the file,

The clerk typed in the account number, then hesitated
after the information appeared on the screen. "This isn't your

file," he said. "Can I see some ID?"
Kate flashed her PI license and offered her best smile. "I

need the owner's current address."

" she said to the clerk.

"Hold on, let me call my manager."

Kate smiled and waited while the clerk walked through Annie,
who was reading the screen over the clerk's shoulder; he vanished into
the back room. Annie spoke, but only Kate heard her.

"I have the scumbag's Social Security number... it

begins 525."

"New Mexico," Kate said with a smile.

Orpheus offers detective licenses to any agent willing
toundergo the training. This allows Orpheus to investigate
matters publicly and legally, thus giving its agents legiti-
macy. Orpheus uses its many contacts to bypass some of the
more difficult requirements of obtaining a license, like
potentially thousands of hours working in a private inves-
tigative service or three years without a criminal record.
Anyone with Detective License can access information for
investigative or research purposes. This reduces by one per
dot the difficulty of an Investigation roll, indicating he's
pursuing various leads or information channels. This bonus
only applies at a rate of one against the difficulty for every
hour the character spends investigating (up to this
Background's maximum dots). Additionally, the informa-
essible in some capacity. DMV records are,
-d information is not.

tion must be ace

but NSA-classi

xX You haven't pursued the training.

1 You have the license but probably don't deserve it.

2 You know the basics and the license rning
you the experience.

3 The police respect your work.

4 Everyone wants to know when you're going to
apply to the FBI or CIA.

5 You're a modern day Sherlock Holmes.

HERLTH INSURANCE

Ben Cotton stared at the check and grinned. Who had ever
heard of people paying you after you got hurt? Ifhe'd had a policy
like this one in the old days, he would' ve bought out Bill Gates.
No wonder people liked working here, with all the cancer
survivors and daredevils running around. Ben figured he'd heal
up a bit more at home and keep the change. Maybe he could
convince them to pay in advance for the next two year:

Most companies provide Health Insurance, but with
Orpheus agents it means a little more. Orpheus covers

.. ee

the cost of medical expenses, regardless what incurs the
injury, and offers large payments upon death of the
insured party, which are paid out annually. Considering
the range of potential injuries characters receive in the
line of duty, Health Insurance is a necessity. Amusingly,
Health Insurance covers many things, including ex-
tended Beach time, massages and other "character"
luxuries for the benefit of preventative treatment (offer-
ing characters vacations and small considerations to
head off physical or mental breakdowns). Essentially,
Orpheus treats health concerns with a holistic ap-
proach... preventing the problems before they arise.

xX You elected not to take out insurance or you
haven't been with the company that long.

1 You have basic coverage; $50,000 in life insur-
ance, massages every two-weeks, a free weekend

ata local spa once a year and two weeks personal
time. You also earn a $3,000 dollar bonus annu-
ally if you survive the year without requiring
hospitalization.

2 You have universal coverage, including
$150,000 in life insurance, ma

ek, two free weekends at a local spa and two
weeks personal time. You also earn a $5,000
bonus annually if you survive the year without
requiring hospitalization.

3 Your health insurance is almost an investment.
You have $500,000 in life insurance and make
a $10,000 annual bonus if you survive the y
without hospitalization. You also earn weekly
massages, three free spa weekends and three
weeks personal time.

4 You have enough health insurance to call in an
emergency airlift for yourself due to injury dur-
ing a mission. You carry $2 million in life
insurance and earn a $20,000 annual bonus for
avoiding hospitalization. You also have bi-
weekly massages, a week in any resort in the
Western Hemisphere and three weeks personal
time. At this level, however, you are either a
celebrity agent with public appearances, run-
ning black ops missions or bringing Orpheus a
constant stream of new clients.

5 Rare anti-venom needed? No problem. Hyper-
baric chamber? Piece of cake. If there's a
treatment available, you can get it and more.
Your life insurance is worth over $10 million,
while your annual bonus is $50,000 a year. In
addition to the biweekly massages and two-
week vacation to any resort in the world, you
also receive three weeks personal time. At this
level, you're damn neara spokesman for Orpheus
or one of their most effective wetworks agents.

ages once a


INFLUENCE

"But we have invitations,"
noticeably angry.

"T'llhandle this ," offered Zoé, tossing back her shoulder-
length dark hair, "but remember... this is the exception, not
the rule." She sauntered up to the guard, flashing her baby
blues. The security guard raised an eyebrow before realiza-
tion lit up his face.

"Zoé Vitt! [remember when you set yourself on fire and
nearly killed yourself. I didn't even know you were still alive.
Wow! Can I get your autograph for my daughter?"

Ben Cotton said, growing

Zoé smiled. "Only if we can go inside." The guard
pushed the door open wide.

Influence measures a character's power in society.
Influence is rarely an overnight phenomenon, but in-
stead requires years to cultivate. People follow the lead
of acharacter with Influence as long as they believe the
individual is working in their best interests. If a charac-
ter uses Influence to push a group to act contrary to their
nature, he'll encounter problems and possibly lose some
Influence. Players and Storytellers should agree on the
exact nature of acharacter's Influence. A well-respected

gang member might stop a riot but have no chance of
talking his way into CIA headquarter:

X You're just another face in the crowd.

1 You look like an authority on matters and your
name or title sounds important.

a A few movers and shakers consider you an
acquaintance.

People know your name and take you seriously.
You are one of society's notabl

ap w

You held high political office or have the power
to create trends.

nEenorlAu

Annie wanted so badly to manifest, to wrap her arms
around her parents and quiet the tears flowing freely down their
faces. She wanted to offer them succor, but they believed her
dead and her return would only bring them more anguish.
Instead, Annie stood behind her parents and watched them
unveil her bust at the new wing of the library, the Annie Harper
Wing, made possible by her parent's donations. That's when it
struck Annie: the swell of their memories, a surge of warm
electricity that suffused her chest and spread throughout her body
like whiskey on acold day. Annie's parent missed her dearly, but
their memories of her drove them to better the lives of others; their
memorial empowered her, infusing her gauze with angelic cast.

Good begets good. Memorial is more than just the
memories of the living invigorating the dead; Memorial
reflects one's positive impact upon the lives of others and
how that good spreads. This Background represents the
positive influences the character exerted over people in his
life, the ones that drive friends and family left behind to

Dy,
accomplisha greater, selfless good in honor of the character's
memory. Memorial can be anything, from plaques and
statuary commemorating a location named after the char-
acter, to pictures at a makeshift shrine to even a simple
legacy of one person naming his daughter after the charac-
terbecause ofheractions. The qualifier isthat the Memorial
must celebrate the character by perpetuating good will or
by benefiting others. In exchange, the character's player
can draw upon this positive vibe each session to reinvigo-
rate himself with Vitality.

xX Sure you're remembered, but not enough to
have positively influenced people.

1 Whether for a photo someone carries to give
him strength or for someone naming her child
after you, you can regain one Vitality.

2 You were known in your community. S
people remember you enough to donate money
to your favorite charity in your name or even
place your name on the AIDS quilt; regain two
Vitality each session.

3 You achieved citywide recognition. Your name
and actions are in print somewhere, inspiring
others to better lives. Regain three Vitality
each session.

4 You have a nationwide legacy. People built you
a memorial, one that honors you by helping
others. You regain four Vitality each session.

5 The anniversary of your death isa day of mourning
for many people, and your actions still serve
beacon of hope. With this almost international
recognition, you gain five Vitality each ses

nmEnToR

"Lcan't deal with this anymore!" Conrad said, shouting
his frustration. "Doesn't anyone understand what it's like
out there?"

Chet, looked straight at him. "Come with me," he said.
Conrad followed, despite himself. This was his first week with
Orpheus, and no one seemed to really understand. "Let me tell
you something, kid," Chet said, in a voice that was harsh and
comforting at the same time, "Nobody really understands what
it's like for anyone else out there, but if you want to talk, I'll
listen." The veteran stared the rookie in the eye.

You have a friend in the business, a more experi-
enced Orpheus operative or ghost who decided to take
you under his wing. Mentors provide advice and assis-
tance, helping characters move up in the world whether
out of love or a sense of responsibility. They may be
trying to find a replacement so they can move on to
other things, or they sympathize with the character
(seeing themselves in the misfortunes of the young and
inexperienced). Mentors make demands of characters,
asking them to go on missions or testing them with
challenges, though characters should always end up


learning froma mentor. Unlike a patron, a mentor cares
about the character and understands the challenges he
faces. Mentors teach characters new Abilities, can help
them toward new Backgrounds or even learning a Hor-
ror. It is not within the mentor's interests, how
simply hand the character new experiences on a silver
platter. In this capacity, a mentor is a Storyteller's tool
to guiding the character into situations that'll teach him
the important lessons. Please note, however, that while
mentors are teachers, they can't teach what they don't
know. For convenience's sake, assume the mentor is
capable of teaching or imparting most Traits up to a
character's dots in this Background. Thus, generally, a
one-dot Mentor Background will teach only up to one
dot in any Trait the character is studying. This doesn't
reflect the mentor's range of expertise, but rather, the
mentor's interest level with the character. Mentors can
also offer advice when the Storyteller needs to feed the
players information.

er, tO

You gain experience the hard way, through your
own mistakes.

A distant or unimportant mentor.

Helpful but eccentric mentor.

Notable mentor with time.

Well-respected mentor.

1
2
3
4
5

Powerful and influential mentor.
PATRON

Blink, my boy, damn good to see you," the senator
said, pumping John's hand in his viselike grip.

"Easy on my livelihood, senator," John joked

The senator headed into the next room, nearly dragging
John with him. "Blink, I need your help. Someone on my
staff is leaking information to the press, and I need to find out
who. So, if you could do your magic, I'd appreciate it."

John shook his head and chuckled. "I'm not sure I know
that particular trick..."

The senator fumbled in his pockets. "Aha, and Blink, as
incentive, here's abit of spendingmoney, and uh, when I find
them, the keys to my mansion."

se keys, sir?

"Exactly!" responded the senator. "Treat the mansion
as your own for the next two weeks. Enjoy the Jacuzzi.
Consider it payment in advance."

John grinned. "Th he said, holding up the keys.

A patron is a specific individual who contacts the
character for help, hires her for assignments and protects
her when possible. In exchange, the patron returns the
character's help through various rewards, paying her
money, giving her temporary contacts to use, places to
apons, etc. The patron offers a character
a fluid barter system, limited only by the character's

hide, some wi

willingness to do work and the affluence of the patron.
Thus, a Patron Background might supply the character


Arsenal, Contacts,
ion only. Storytellers
and-match the patron's benefits, offering a
dot here and there on condition they don't cumulatively

with an equivalent level in Allie:
Resources, etc. for the current mis:

canalsom

exceed this Background's tiers in dots.

X You keep clients at a safe distance.

1 You have a patron with a small business who is
willing to provide what he can, particularly in
his field. He is known within his community.
Your patron has money and influence, plus a
few homes and businesses to call her own. She
is a known figure within the city.

is)

3 Your patron has significant contacts as well as
resources, spread out over a large area — mul-
s, for example. He is known

throughout the state or province.

tiple business:

4 When your patron calls, people listen. She is
one of society's movers and shakers, capable of
ruining lives with a single phone call. Your
patron has national recognition.

wn

You have a contact with one of the wealthiest,
most powerful people in the country, if not
internationally. He's a spider at the center of a
large web of resources and influence.

PERSONAL TRAINER

"Ready to become a hacker extraordinaire?" Nicolette asked.

"Yes," Tomsaid,
computer security."

"Okay," Nicolette said "I'm glad to have you, but I
won't pull any punches."

"Ineed to know everything can about

Tom cleared his throat. "I'm glad you're teaching me,
he said. "I really appreciate this specialized training."
‘0 problem," Nicolette said. "But in my classroom,
there are no sick days or vacations. I teach you till you get it
or drop out."

"Great," Tom said, suddenly worried.

A personal trainer works with a character to im-
prove her physique, techniques (such as Melee or Brawl)
or aptitudes (Athletics, Drive, etc.). A personal trainer
is different from someone you grab at the gym or an
ordinary Orpheus instructor because the trainer is usu-
ally out of house. He knows your strengths and weaknesses
and can help you target your soft spots or vulnerabilities.
In fact, the training is all personalized and geared toward

your assets and capabilities. For each dot in Personal
Trainer, your character can target one Attribute or
Ability, purchasing a Trait for one less experience point
(2 points instead of 3) or minus 1 toa multiplier (current
rating x 3 for Attributes and current rating x1 for
Abilities). To gain this, however, the character must
allocate at least one hour per day for training for each dot
or Trait he wants to improve. Otherwise, he doesn't gain

mil A BED a he,
item. >

the bonus. Additionally, the player must tell the Story-

teller what he's trying to accomplish, instead of springing
it on the Storyteller at the last minute.

xX You prefer learning on your own.

1 A personal trainer focusing on a single At
tribute or Ability.

2 A trainer capable of instructing you in two
separate areas.

3 This trainer is well versed in three areas

4 Your personal trainer can help you concentrate

on improving four different Trai

wn

You've got your own guru, capable of instruct-
ing you in many different Traits.

REINCRARNATE
"Why
Ben shrugged. "It just is. I mean, like... why does

everyone who claims they've been reincarnated say they once
ruled Adlantis."

s it so far-fetched?" Annie asked.

T know several million Buddhists who'd disagree with
that statement, including me."

"You're Buddhist?"

"When it comes to reincarnation, yeah lam. I fe
even draw on my previous experiences sometimes."

ct, [can

"Bullshit! How's it you can remember your past lives,
but not Tom or me here?"

Annie shrugged, a sad crooked smile on her gauze lips.
"Because I'm dead... remember?"

Many cultures believe in reincarnation, and whether
ornot your character does, his death has opened up more
memories than he should rightly have. How he deals
with such revelations is up to the f ardles
because death lays ghosts bare the filtering effects of
flesh, their dormant memories of past lives resurface in
images, impulses and, sometimes, even passing familiar-

ity with matters the character never realized he knew.
This allows him to draw upon previous experiences to
ist him in Ability rolls for this one instance. The dots
in this Background operate asa free dice pool, which the

player may use each game session to supplement his
existing dice pool or even roll on Abilities he doesn't
normally possess. One caveat in this matter, however,
for Storytellers regarding players who use the Back-
ground tojump around the scene and intrude on everyone
else's specialties. The Storyteller may rule instead that
each dot in the Background represents one predeter-
mined Ability that the character may draw from ata one
dot effect, thereby restricting the player from stepping

on everyone's toes.

X You remember nothing of past lives or have
never experienced them.

1 You have hunches that allow you to draw upon
one additional die.


You remember quick flashes that allow you to
draw upon two additional dice.

3 You see enough to remember some past friends,
and you even know their names. This allows
you to draw upon three additional dice.

4 You remember portions of your past life the way
an adult remembers his early childhood. This
enables you to draw upon four additional dice.

5 You remember everything like an adult remem-
bering Elementary or High School, and can
draw on five additional dice.

RESOURCES

Hoyt Masterson casually walked over. "Problem?" he asked in
his easygoing Southem manner.

"Yeah," mutteredamanifest Craig. "Damn thingdoesn' twant
to work."

Therental vanmadeatenible noise. Hoytnodded, "Youshould
always let me drive. Pop the hood, Craig." Hoyt looked under the
hood, as Craig stepped out. He slammed the hood shut. "She's a
goner. I'll be back."

Craig watched Hoyt walk across the street to the car dealership.
Fifteen mmutes later, Hoyt drove back in a sports car.
shelby Mustang," Hoyt said, "possibly the greatest car in
American history. Gives Chevy drivers a bad day."

Craiglookedat the car. Itseemedabitold. "Is thisanewrental?"
he asked.

"Nope," Hoyt answered. "Bought her for myself with a bit of
pocket change."

This describes your personal financial resources and
ess to those resources. It reflects your standard of
living rather than liquid assets, and even if you have
enough dots for a million dollars, it may take weeks or
months for you to come up with hundreds of thousands
in cash. Of course, Orpheus pays its agents, but if you
want more than the agency provides, it's best to have a
few dots in this Background. Please note, however, that
Resources not only implies having money and owning
property, it also means having some way of maintaining
that capital.
x You live paycheck to p:
1 Small savings. In a pinch, you could draw up a
$1,000 in cash, possibly from a 401k. You have
an extra $500 to spend in a month.

aycheck.

2 Middle class. You have a condominium and a
car. You could liquidate for close to $10,000 in
apinch. Youhave $1,500 extra spending money
a month.

3 Large savings. Maybe you got lucky or just
invested well, but regardless, you're a home-
owner with equity. You can liquidate and come
up with around $50,000 cash. You have $2,500

extra to spend a month.

4 Well off. Money's notan issue for you. You belong
to an exclusive country club and have a nice
mansion and vacation home. You can spend

$10,000 a month without any effort and can
liquidate to the tune of five million.

5 Fabulous wealth. You'd have to check with an
accountant to determine your real net worth, but
you report several millions to the IRS each year.
You could get your hands on overa million dollars
withina week and casually spend $30,000amonth
without noticing.

STATUS

Kate Dennison walked into the briefing room, punctual
as always, but before she could sit, the briefing officer started
walking out.

"There's no time for a briefing. | have another meeting
to figure out what happened with one of the teams."

Kate looked at him. "What happened?"
The officer looked at her and shrugged. "We need to
check protocols before sending anyone to investigate."
Kate narrowed her eyes. "Are they in danger?"
The officer nodded.
"Sit down and tell me where they are," she said.
" he began.
"Don't be an asshole. Sit down... please," she said.

The officer sat.

Some people command more authority in Orpheus
than others. Status is a measure of clout within the com-
pany. For some characters, it stems from rank, while for
others it'sadegree ofadmiration; a well-respected agent, for
example, may have more Status within the company than
hisimmediate superior. Stat »reachesbeyond Orpheus'
boundaries to special clients and other organizations. If an
agent has he may call in special one-time "favors"
from previous clients or groups outside of Orpheus, as well
as receiving more assistance from within the company.
Status dots add to any Social rolls involving Orpheus
members, and may help when "officially" dealing with

"You're not cleared:

other organizations.

xX Do you have a guest pass?

1 Newbie or rookie, though a few people have
heard of you.

2 Accomplished operative; everyone knows your
name if not your face.

3 Respected veteran; everyone knows you and
tries staying on your good side.

4 Essential personnel; when you have an opinion,
it goes to the highest levels.

5 You are Orpheus.

MIT ALITY

One of the most important mechanics in any
Orpheus game, for any Orpheus character, is a Trait


called Vitality. It is the quantified (and simplified)
measurement of a given character's strength of soul and
presence among the living. It encapsulates a number of
important aspects of one's identity, including that in-
tangible quality defining someone's core being. As a
single concept, it is a broad and critical one, drawing
together a character's memories, emotional resonance
and depth of personality into one Trait (which defines
both incorporeal physique as well as the energy fueling
aspirit's actions). Vitality is a ghost's or sleeper's body,
and whatever damage the spook endures is deducted
from his Vitality rating.

Vitality is important not only to the character
himself, but for his dealings with others. The less Vital-
ity a ghost or projected entity possesses, the fewer
connections he has to the living by virtue of missing key
components to his own persona. Death can be a soul-
shredding experience, and those ghosts who do not
progress to some final reward (whatev er it may be) are
left behind — trapped among the living. The pain of
being ripped from one's own body and then forsaken in
this sort of Limbo often squeezes Vitality from the soul,
leaving one a hollow shell of her once vibrant personal-
ity. Thus, those with missing or handicapped Vitality
(like drones and blips) fixate on those memories or states
of existence that still provide them with some sense of
identity. They are the "broken records" of the restless
dead, those who repeat the same set of actions or haunt
the same place because it is all they remember of their
own past.

Very few ghosts actually have Vitality ratings over five,
which makes the characters unique and highly sought after.
Those ghosts with ratings at one are those quick, snapshot
ghosts you see caught in the moment of their deaths
(drones). Rating two and three ghosts (blips) are more like
distant echoes, repeating sequences of events over and over
again but having some sense of self outside their deaths.
Some don't even know they're dead, but they react vio-
lently if confronted. Those at four or five are far more
self-aware, enough to fight Spectres actively or serve as
interesting supporting characters.

Just because a character's Vitality drops below five
doesn't mean he's like other ghosts. It's not his current
rating that defines him as a projector or ghost, but his
potential for accruing up to 10 Vitality that matters.
Think of it as emotional states with a one rating encom-
passing utter depression (or anger, or frustration), a five
rating indicating ambivalence, and a 10 rating signify-
ing utter euphoria. Most ghosts can't exceed their rating
of one to five, and are potentially trapped in a state of
ambivalence or increasingly despondent emotions the
lower they are in Vitality. They can experience brief
moments of joy orsatisfaction, for example, but they will
rarely be truly happy because their Vitality rating acts as
an emotional ceiling. It's their nature to be morose, and
they will fall back to that existence as their default
nature. The characters, however, experience happiness,

veh

joy and the gamut of emotions because they have the
entire range of passions available to them; their ceiling
is 10, not their current rating. That's what makes them
special. This includes hues, who may be more despon-
dent than most characters but are blessed with a wider
emotional array.

STARTING VITALITY

Just like Willpower, the Vitality Trait measures
from one to 10, but will likely fluctuate even more wildly
during gameplay. One must keep track of both current
Vitality as well as what is known as starting Vitality.
Starting Vitality represents the overall consistent level
of a character's strength of spirit. Infusions of Vitality
can temporarily raise a character's Vitality above its
starting cap (think of it as spiritual gluttony), but a
character may naturally heal only up to the level of his
starting Vitality. This cap represents a soul inherent,
vibrant nature, not how "luminous" it can potentially
become (Vitality peaks at 10 for all characters).

One's Shade and Nature both help determine start-
ing Vitality — the two factors that, together, compose
the core of a character's persona as a ghost or projected
entity. Each Shade has a starting Vitality rating (be-
tween 4 and 6), which is added to the Vitality modifier
granted by the character's chosen Nature. The sum total
is the character's starting Vitality, which may not ex-
ceed nine points for characters (seven for hues).

xample: Ben's Shade is Poltergeist and his nature is
Critic. Being a Poltergeist means he has a Base Vitality 5
According to the list of Natures, being a Critic means that
Ben adds one to that, giving hima starting Vitality 6. Because
he's a Poltergeist Critic, however, Ben has a Spite rating 4
(two for Shade + two for Nature). He'll probably want to
spend some Freebie Points raising his starting Vitality.
ALIVE OR DOEROD

Given that Vitality represents a spook's entire be-
ing, it's only fitting that one's Vitality determine how a
given character appears to others at any given time.
Vitality not only reflects how "alive" a ghost or project-
ing entity feels, but how "alive" it looks to the living, as
well. Low-Vitality spooks (like drones and blips) often
manifest evidence of their own demise, or of terrible
injuries. Victims of violence show grievous wounds,
those who died of disease appear to be in the final stages
of their illness, and drowning victims appear purple and
bloated. The deterioration is directly proportional to
the amount of Vitality a character possesses. A one-
Vitality ghost who died ofa gunshot wound, for example,
resembles a walking corpse with a gaping, oozing hole in
the back of his head.

By the same token, however, high-Vitality spooks
often appear more alive than they ever did in life, and
certainly more vibrant than other ghosts. In the eight to


10 Vitality range, characters seem like ordinary, healthy
people and can even be warm to the touch when
manifesting. Indeed, a 10-Vitality spooks would likely
demonstrate an even greater blush of health than the
majority of those still encased in flesh.

unseen

Vitality is also important because it determines the
general force of a ghost's or projected entity's spiritual
presence. When a projector's spirit is safe within its
living body, it is effectively invisible to the attentions of
malevolent spiritual entities (or at least at no greater risk
than anyone else living). When roaming free outside the
body, however, a spook's presence and activities can
draw the attention of Spectres and other things that go
bump in the night. Vitality determines just how visible
or invisible the cha

acter's soul is when in this state.

At seven or greater current Vitality (not starting
Vitality), the ghost or projected entity is essentially
"invisible" to Spectres and the like because he appears to
be, for all intents and purposes, one of the living. This is
not to say that a Spectre cannot find or see such a spook,
merely that it mistakes the character for one of the many
living, and therefore nothing extraordinary. It's a cha-
meleon effect or misdirection, the same way zebras

confuse predators with all their stripes when gathered in
aherd. Only by attacking a Spectre or otherwise drawing
significant attention to the fact that the character is, in
fact, not one of the living can the character forfeit this
concealment. Conversely, drones are often attracted to
those with high Vitality (current points, not starting
rating), since they, too, mistake them for the living (but
living without the mortal flesh to diffuse their bril-
liance). The character's brightly shining presence
intrudes on the drone's self-involved "loop," and itis all
the ghost can do to break from its repetitious cycle to

seek assistance from one of the "living" (many drones
believe themselves still alive). This is not to say that
drones will assail the character at every opportunity, but
they will acknowledge the characters in a rare moment
of lucidity.

Please note that because blips have higher Vitality
scores than drones, they are more self-sufficient and less
trapped by their existence loops. They see the characters
as the crucible would each other, and can choose whether
to interact with them or not.

At five or six current Vitality, a character is visible
to both friendly and hostile entities (drones and Spec-
tres) depending on what actions he takes. The
effectiveness of his concealment, as it were, rests in the
character's own Abilities. At four or fewer current
Vitality, the character is just like any other ghost —
isible to Spectres. He must tread carefully now, but he
also invisible to drones, who simply mistake him as

is
indistinguishable background noise. In this state, the

i oe 5
character has less of a chance interacting with
‘0 the player must add one to the difficulty of any

ghosts.
Social-based attempts when interacting with a drone.

CREATING NEw
CHARACTERS

Ghosts and projectors can create a new ghost for
their crucible, someone capable of being as powerful as
they are and not just another elevated drone or blip. The
crucible must share acommon link through their ability
to lend Vitality to one another (which creates a strong
bond between them), enabling them to pool powers and
resources. By choosing a ghost with a Vitality 4 or 5, the
crucible can focus their own Vitality in one shot to
create an empowered ghost. The crucible designates one
character to act as their conduit, channeling 40 Vitality
through her into the target. The conduit, in turn, burns
one Willpower rating permanently (which will return
only through the spending of experience points), suffus-
ing the target with a jolt of Vitality, thus altering its
metaphysical state. This means the characters can cre-
ate "offspring" and allies (and potential thralls/slaves/
lovers/etc.), though the process does not bind them into
service. The proc ating projectors is actually
simpler, and merely requires that the crucible locate
someone with multiple near-death experiences and train
them to project as a skimmer or sleeper.

EmMrPoweRinG
HORRORS

The power of a character's spirit is what drives him
in all his endeavors, and the supernatural abilities of his
ghostly form are no exception. Vitality powers a charac-
ters' Horrors, and it is the amount of Vitality invested
within them that makes them as innocuous or as danger-
ous as they are. All Horrors have a zero-Vitality cost
effect, which is simply the character exerting his mas-
tery over his ability into the area around him. Once he
dumps Vitality into the effort, however, the potential
(and possibly the results) increase dramatically. Each
Horror has a different effect for each amount of Vitality
invested into it. A one-Vitality effect might be only
slightly more powerful than the zero-cost effect, while a
five-Vitality effect (often the highest) can produce
some spectacular results.

MITRLITY SHARING

Due to its fluid nature, Vitality can pass from spook to
spook provided the ghosts and projected entities spend two
weeks acquainting themselves with one another. At this stage,
lending Vitality toacrucible member takes onlyamoment, but
it must bea free exchange on the part of the donor and the two
characters must be in contact. Taking Vitality by force is a
whole otherkettle offish (see Replenishing Vitality below) and
not something a spook should do to his crucible-mates if he
wishes to continue working with them.

s to cr

0 a OS Ps

In addition to acting as a group resource tactic,
freely sharing Vitality with one's crucible has the added
effect of generating a spiritual link between each mem-
ber. After an additional month of sharing and donating
Vitality to members of his crucible, the character be-
comes linked to his allies from that point onward. The
primary advantage to this is that the characters may
then donate and receive Vitality without establishing
contact — so long as they can see each other. This then
allows the crucible to coordinate their efforts via Horror
usage and Benefits (See p. 99 for more).

REGHAINING VITALITY

Given its importance as the (arguably) most impor-
tant Trait in Orpheus, it is equally important for players
to understand how characters can recover Vitality and
under what circumstances. There are, in fact, several
ways in which characters can regain Vitality during
gameplay.

Ithough ghosts aren't exactly "of the living,"
that's not to say that they don't heal from wounds just
like living creatures. For every eight hours of rest the
character ghost or projected sleeper receives (with no
combat or Horror usage), he regains a single point of
Vitality. If this rest is interrupted, it may be later r
sumed without forcing the character's soul to start from

square one —unless the character suffered a Vitality loss
(of even one point) at some point during the interrup-

tion. In this case, the clock on the period of rest resets

and begins anew.

FEARFUL SYMMETRY

Due to the universal importance of Vitality
as the driving:force of the spirit world, its very
ebb and flow is woven into the fabric of ghostly
teality. Whenever the character spends signifi-
cant amounts of Vitality in one moment, the
event régisters on the periphery of all nearby
spirits' senses (within a three-block radius)
Any.character spending three or more Vitality
in a single turn for any reason (powering a
Horror, revitalizing a drone, etc.) registers as a
"plip" orethe radar of nearby ghosts and Spec-
tres; may simply ignore the matter, or
approach the area for a closer examination (Sto-
Any. character spending
Vitality or more in a single turn, however,

som

rytellét prerogative)
fiv
will draw-local ghosts and Spectres from a five-
block radius, since sd very few entities possess
this range of power.

Thus, it is wise to avoid grandiose displays of
Vitality, lest a character find himself face to face
with a newly arrived and hungry Spectre...

This form of healing cannot bring a spook above its
starting Vitality cap.

© Characters may also regain Vitality through their
shared link with the crucible's members. Comrades can
share Vitality with one another (on a purely voluntary
basis), up to the standard maximum of 10 points, poten-
tially taking characters above their starting Vitality caps
(save for the hue, which can never exceeds its cap). If a
character donates a point of Vitality in this way, he cannot
simply retrieve it whenever he likes; once it is accepted, the
recipient must voluntarily return the favor. Note that the
act of donating Vitality does attract Spectres.

sa quick but effective fix, characters can spend one
Willpower point (as a reflexive action) to immediately
shoot a boost of three Vitality into their souls. This ability
is an indication that the character's body and psyche are
unified concepts, for all intents and purposes, where Will-
poweractsas pure adrenaline, supercharging the character's
soul and invigorating him with a second wind.

No Orpheus character can perish so long as he has
Willpower points remaining.

© Another (dangerous) way of recovering Vitality
involves tapping into the character's negative side. By
"tapping" Spite, the character draws on the bitterness,
frustration and anger building in his soul to fuel to regain
Vitality. Note that one never spends Spite points or
rating (thus decreasing their value), but only taps them
for their power. Unfortunately, tapping Spite only feeds
Spite. It encourages it to grow and consume more of the
character like a cancer. So a character with five Spite
points who taps three Spite points still has five Spite
points. The same is true for the Spite rating. A character,
however, can never tap more Spite points than available
in his pool. So someone with two Spite points can draw

on those two only.

By tapping Spite points, a character may gain one
Vitality on a one-for-one basis. If the character is in dire
straits, he may tap one Spite rating (effectively tapping
10 Spite points, even though he rolls the one die for the
rating). Doingso immediately skyrockets the character's
Vitality to 10 — but at a potentially significant cost to
his soul. Whenever the character taps Spite (be it points
or rating), he must roll a number of dice equal to the
number of points/rating tapped (difficulty 7). For every
die resulting in a failure, the character gains a point/

rating of Spite. For every botch rolled, the character
gains two Spite points or ratings. Whenevera character's
Spite rating increases by means of tapping Spite, he
immediately gains a Stain per new Spite rating.
Example: Finding himself in dire straits, Ben's player
decides to tap three Spite points to regain some quick (and
dirty) Vitality. His player rolls three dice at difficulty 7,
coring 2, 5 and 8. Ben gains two Spite points for his temerity
(a costly bit of Vitality, in this case) , raising his current Spite

neh


points to 7. Since he is still three points shy of 10, he gains
neither a new Spite rating nor a new Stain.

© When in desperate circumstances, a character can
also try robbing another spook of its Vitality and add
that Vitality to his own (see Thievery, p. 151).

© Characters may also regain Vitality by helping
ghosts find peace and transcendence. For more on this,
see this chapter's Default Abilities, p. 148-151.

¢ The final method of Vitality recovery is open only
to skimmers and, occasionally, sleepers (ones whose
bodies are awake and active), who may regain Vitality
by returning to their living bodies and resting. In th
way, skimmers often serve their crucible as "batteries
charging up before sharing Vitality. Skimmers and sleep-
ers regain Vitality at a rate of one per hour of rest, up to
their starting Vitality.
HITTING ZERO VITHRUITY

Hitting zero Vitality is like reaching a state of utter
exhaustion where the character can no longer move,
regardless of the dangers to his existence. The best
analogy would be Everest climbers who hita point where
they are so oxygen deprived and so cold that they
hallucinate, or simply want to sit in the snow and sleep.
Fortunately, zero Vitality is not as terminal as condi-
tions on the slopes of Everest, but it can be dangerous if
the ghost or projected entity is low on Willpower as well.
In this instance, once any spook hits zero Vitality, self-
preservation kicks in and expendsan available Willpower
point to bring your Vitality up to three. Once Willpower
and Vitality both hit zero, for whatever reason, then
most ghosts and projected entities dissipate. They per-
ish, the gauze holding them unable to contain their
essence or memories.

Notice the "most" comment? That's because some
spooks (those with a normal cap of four Vitality or
higher), have the mental wherewithal to tap Spite for
Vitality, meaning a fortunate few might survive because
they were "angry" enough to pull through. For others,
tapping Spite means the character boards the bullet
train to Spectrehood and doesn't look back. Still, some
chance of survival is better than discorporating.

Seite

Every Orpheus character has a negative, angry side.
That malignancy has the potential to grow even stron-
ger in characters than it does in others, due to the
existences these extraordinary individuals lead. For those
with multiple near-death experiences (and often vio-
lent pasts), the exposure to anger, bitterness, jealousy
and frustration — all the things fueling one's malevo-
lent nature — is arguably more extreme than it might be
for ordinary people.

is ee ae

Spite represents the measure of a character's nasty
side, the degree to which a character allowed his hate,
insecurity and frustration to fester within his soul. It is
the nasty inclinations that fill one's head with fantasies
of revenge and anger, driving him from his own purity
and, ultimately, transcendence. Whereas Spite is some-
thing everyone must reconcile with on.a daily basis to
function in society, it's a more difficult prospect for
ghosts and projected entities because they exist as psy-
chological expressions, emotional force constituting
their body and dictating their strength of being.

Perhaps that is the single most important thing to
remember about Spite... just as Vitality is integral to a
spook's being, so too is Spite. All spooks have it; it's
simply a matter of how they cope with its presence and
strength. A spook can never be rid of it because it's an
integral part of his identity, but neither is it a blessing.
Spite grows with every nasty inconsideration one might
actualize, like absorbing another spook's Vitality, and
eventually, it can consume the consumer. Nastier still,
ghosts and projected entities can draw upon the anger
and hatred inherent in Spite for that extra push. That's
what it's there for, after all. Remember, however, that
drawing on this barely redeemable aspect of identity
carries a price.

As a game mechanic, Spite is a two-tiered Trait,
possessing both a long-term level (called Spite rating)
and a fluid facet (Spite points). Characters can acquire
both during game play as a result of particularly nasty
actions (like draining spooks of Vitality) or by a process
known as "tapping" Spite (see Regaining Vitality, page
191). In either case, each time a character acquires 10
Spite points, he gains one Spite rating. Thus, ridding
oneself of Spite points is much easier than thinning
one's Spite rating.

The lower a character's Spite rating, the more
humane and virtuous he is at heart and the less con-
sumed by his own bitterness and frustration. A ghost or
projected entity with a Spite rating of 0 is a veritable
saint, the Mother Teresa of the disembodied; a spook
witha Spite rating of 9 isa malevolent fucker who would
just on club Mother Teresa over the head with a
baby seal as talk to her. Most Orpheus characters fall in
the range between those numbers, and keeping a
character's Spite rating low is (or should be) one of the
driving goals of each player.

STATING SPITE

A player determines his character's starting Spite
rating as he would his starting Vitality. Each Shade
includes a listing for Base Spite; that number is then
added to the Spite modifier accompanying his chosen
Nature. The sum of these two numbers is the character's
starting Spite rating.


Unfortunately, characters can acquire Spite rather
easily during game play. The saving grace to this, how-
ever, is that Spite is never summarily thrust upon the
character for no good reason; a character's own Spite
levels (whether points or rating) are more or less under
his own control. All he has to do is carefully monitor
both his own Spite levels and behavior. Sounds easy,
tight? And it is, at least in theory, but we all know what
happens to the best-laid plans of mice and men..

As mentioned above (under Regaining Vitality),
Spite can be "tapped" for its power in times of desperate
need. In essence, the character is drawing on the raw
strength of his own dark impulses to fuel his efforts,
of negative adrenaline. One can choose to tap either
Spite points or Spite rating, the latter being the equiva-
lent of tapping 10 Spite points. Tapping Spite (of either
kind) will never reduce one's Spite, and indeed, may
well raise it. Such are deals with the devil, however.
GoOoOo AOoDRNnceE

Now that we've established what a nasty customer
Spite can be, one important question remains: Can a
character ever rid himself of Spite, or is he destined to
keep amassing it until it eventually consumes him? The
answer is yes to the latter and no to the former; a ghost
or projected entity can divest himself of Spite (both
points and rating), but it ain't easy

In Orpheus chronicles, the one and only surefire
way to rid oneself of Spite is by fulfilling a purpose and
freeing other ghosts from the torment of their existence
here in limbo, thereby sending them to their final
reward. Whenever a character uses Sever the Strand on
another ghost, thereby freeing it of one of its tethers, he
has the potential to lose Spite points or gain Vitality.
Only the character directly connected to the ghost in
question (by dint of Nature or Nature group, etc.) may
benefit from this boon. The Storyteller has the final say
on which crucible member helped the most.

sort

Each time a character is directly and personally
responsible for the complete resolution of the final
remaining tether keeping a ghost bound to earth, he
immediately loses one Spite rating upon that ghost's
transcendence. As with the resolution of tethers along
the way, only one crucible member gains this greatest of
benefits. Each such release should be a major event in all
the characters' existences (not just the beneficiary's),
and the gradual dissolution of Spite should remain a
constant theme set against the backdrop of any chronicle.

SPITE ASCENDANT

Perhaps the worst fate that can befall an Orpheus
character is when his Spite spirals out of control, send-
ing his soul headlong into oblivion. Since Spite is so
innately connected to Vitality, a character's personality
shifts as the gulf between the two Traits shortens. When

A%
a character's starting Vitality is higher than his Spite
rating, he is relatively "normal" (as defined by his prior
actions), and in full control of both his faculties and his
behavior regarding others. When Spite equals or ex-
ceeds starting Vitality, matters grow dangerous:

Spite Rating = Starting Vitality: At this stage, the
character is quite literally of two minds on many subjects
with his more violent inclinations rising to the surface,
demanding to be heard. When in this state, the charac-
ter loses fine manipulation of his powers and abilities as
a spook, and can only safely rely on the more violent of
effects. This is a reflection of his anger and an almost
adrenal-like response to the rising tide of his own emo-
tions. Until the character rectifies the situation by
lowering his Spite rating, the character suffers a diffi-
culty penalty of one toall attempted nonrefley

Spite Rating +1 over Starting Vitality: Not only do
the conditions of the previous paragraph still apply, but
the character further suffers from an increased aware-
ness (and interest in) the whispering siren-call of his
own evil side. Whenever the character encounters
Spectre (or other agent of darkness; Storyteller preroga-
tive) he must immediately succeed in a Willpower roll
(difficulty of his own Spite rating). Ifhe succeeds, he can
fight or resist the Spectre's abilities as normal (but still
suffers the above penalty). If he fails, the difficulty of all
actions against the Spectre suffers a penalty of two. The
player makes this roll only once per scene.

Spite Rating +2 over Starting Vitality: When a
character's Spite rating surpasses his starting Vitality by
two or more, he immediately gains a number of Stains
equal to the difference value. These new Stains last until
he can decrease his Spite rating. This hampers the
character's interactions with other spooks, incurring a
penalty of one to the difficulty of all Social rolls for each
Stain he's acquired as a result of Spite. Additionally,
Spectres flock to his newly invigorated Spite like moths
toa flame. If the character uses two or more Sta'
taps three or more Spite in any scene, the local Spectres
will pay him a visit and try kidnapping him to complete
"indoctrination" into Spectrehood.

Spite Rating 10: When a character gains his 10th
Spite rating, he becomes a Spectre and is no longer
suitable for play.

Note: Storytellers may rule that in certain situa-
tions, a supporting character defaults to Spectrehood
without hitting a Spite rating of 10. If a supporting
character's Spite rating is four or five points above his
starting Vitality, the Storyteller can simply deem the
spook too far gone for saving.

ST#HINS

A spook's body, referred to as plasm or gauze, is the
semi-corporeal actualization of one's own inner core, a

eactions.


literal reflection of his spiritual and emotional state.
This is why spooks generally resemble how they ap-
peared in life; not because they have to, but because this
is how they best know themselves. Orpheus Group
believes that since plasm is essentially a spiritual con-
struct (in every sense of the word), its very makeup is
subject to significant and often grotesque alteration on
a subconscious level. These plasm changes arise as a
result of the most profound doubts and insecurities of the
soul in question — in other words, from Spite. There-
fore, ghosts and projected entities have a tendency to
develop outward reflections of the Spite within them
over time. These marks are known as Stains, and they
are directly and innately linked with a ghost's Vitality.

Orpheus further believes that each Stain comes
from a place of deeply personal doubt, insecurity, an-
guish or self-loathing. They are marks of our most
repugnant aspects, the ones we dare not even admit to
our friends or loved ones. When any of these feelings
a point where they can and do negatively impact
nse of self, they actually appear as
y" whenever he manifests in spook
form. These often startling mutations reveal how a
given soul truly feels about a particular part of his body
or nature. Some even believe that carefully watching
Spite marks is the best and truest way to discern what is
truly going on in another's heart and soul.

reack
the characte:

Unfortunately, Orpheus is only partly right. Stains
are a reflection of our negative aspects, but they are also
part of an emerging personality in the deepest core of the
soul, one normally suppressed in life by the wonders of
biochemistry. This personality gains more strength as a
character's Spite rating incre: and it eventually
comes to the fore when the character becomes a Spectre.
Before then, however, Stains are a manifestation of all
that is unpure and nasty within people. They are also
assets of sorts, usable by the character if he just "taps" a
little Spite in the process. Scientists may not want to
consider this option, but it is a reflexive and survival
instinct of the emerging personality, one that allows it
to strengthen its presence ever so minutely. The person-
ality is never strong enough to cozen or cajole the
character, but it is present as a cracked reflection of the
spook's identity, relatively dormant until someone's
Spite rating and Vitality match, then draw further apart
for the worse.

STFERTING STAINS

All Orpheus characters (even projectors) begin
play with three Stains that they must decide upon during
Character Creation. The player may choose three from

F 'y
the list below, or create new ones to achieve finer
personalization (all self-styled Stains must be approved
y by the Ory teller). Players may yale purchase up to two

additional Freebie Point per "Stain; but they are not
required to do so in any event.

Please note that active Stains will not appear when
the character manifests. They are evident only when the
ghost or projected entity is incorporeal.
CHANGING STHINS

Naturally, a person's self-image and personality fluc-
tuate on an almost daily basis, and they can be affected
to greater or lesser extent by several factors including,
but not limited to, mood, whim, frame of mind, social
circumstance, etc. Stains, however, are usually reflec-
tive of more deeply-ingrained and personal scars,
insecurities or desires, and such things rarely change
quite so often (except to make themselves worse).

Regardless, one's Stains can and likely will trans-
form over time, given the right emotional impetus. As a
person grows accustomed to aspects of himself he for-
merly thought repugnant, so too will the outward
reflection of those aspects change. Whena person grows
even more bitter and repulsed by new and different
insecurities, he will likewise adopt outward reflections
of the same. Any dramatic shift in the character's sense
of self, regardless of the direction of that shift, can alter
Stains. Whenever a character loses a Spite rating (not
Spite points), his player may exchange one existing
Stain for another to represent his new outlook. Charac-
ters may do likewise after gaining two dots in Spite rating,
with negative shifts representing a significant change to
a person's sense of self.

THE DANGERS OF
STAINS

Although each Stain comes with an advantage, it is
important to remember that intrinsically, Stains are
outward reflections of one's own Spite. They can rev
innermost workings, laying his personality open
for all to see and scrutinize. Add in the fact that Stains
can twist the character's appearance into a ghastly and
often grotesque parody of his living form, and the com-
bination should be more than enough to make any
normal person wish his Stains would just vanish. This
too is part of the emerging personality's way of gaining
a stronger foothold... by alienating the character from
the world around him... by isolating him in his pain and
misery.

Beyond personal impact, however, there are other
worries where Stains are concerned. Stains can hamper
one's dealings with other ghosts and projected entities;
after all, it's harder to believe that a spook will lead you
to transcendence when he looks like something out of a
Stuart Gordon film. For each Stain a character possesses
beyond his initial three (or five, depending on character
creation), he suffers a difficulty penalty of one to all
Social rolls involving other spooks.

asoul

se i IIR ni


. 54 a ue

Stains are also a "slippery slope" issue. A character
gains a Stain for every point of permanent Spite he
accumulates in excess of his Vitality rating. Thus, if a
character with a starting Vitality of 5 acquires his
seventh dot of Spite rating, he must take two new Stains.
Then, if he later gains yet another Spite rating (raising
his total to 8), he acquires yet another Stain. These
Stains are sure to affect the character's relations with
other spooks negatively, especially those who witnessed
his degeneration all along. Should the character reduce
his Spite rating later on, he likewise eliminates the
adjoining penalties.

USING STHINS

The Stains offered herein are meant only as
sampling of the myriad sorts of gauze mutations that
can occur. While they mostly appear when the char-
acter loses ground with Spite, the character can also
bring forth and use a Stain to his benefit willingly if he
possesses a Spite rating of four or higher. By tapping
Spite points, the brave character can bring his Stain
to the surface and use it for a number of turns equal to
the number of Spite points tapped. For each point
tapped, however, the character must roll one die
against difficulty 7. Each failed die roll, however,
saddles the character with an additional Spite point,
while each botched roll incurs two Spite points. The
character cannot tap Spite ratings in this instance.
AODER'S SCALES

This Stain turns the character's skin into a body
canvas of gold-green or black snake scales, making it
more supple and better protected.

a

Advantage: All difficulties to escape bonds or
effect particularly athletic maneuvers decrease by
one. The Storyteller decides when a situation is ap-
propriate. The scales also grant the character an extra
die to soak physical damage

Disadvantage: The character is particularly sen-
sitive to extreme temperatures (freezing or below and
80 degrees and above). In either situation, the char-
acter suffers a penalty of one to all difficulties. An
optional, alternative rule for Storytellers is that the
character is more easily startled and likelier to react
by lashing out first and fast. In this way, the player
must succeed in a Willpower roll (difficulty 6) once
per scene, or inadvertently lash out physically or
verbally when surprised by something in the scene.
Storyteller prerogative when this occurs.
BATSEARRS

This Stain twists the character's ears into those of
a large bat, rising black and bristled from the side of
the ghost's head like the neckpiece of a cape.

2,

Advantage: The character gains the ability to
perceive his surroundings through echo location (so-
nar, essentially) and can therefore "see" in the dark.
This ability can even detect creatures that are con-
cealed, hiding or incorporeal.

Disadvantage: Whenever the character actively
uses this Stain's advantage, his other senses are dulled,
giving him a penalty of two to all Perception roll
difficulties not involving the use of echolocation.

BAISTLING HIDE

The character grows a rough, bristle-covered layer
of barbed hide, giving him a savage appearance and
damaging anyone who hits him.

Advantage: The hide not only imparts one point
of armor, but it also injures brawling opponents who
successfully strike the character. The hide inflicts one
die of lethal damage against unarmed opponents,
though the character can certainly grapple or punch
opponents to inflict that +1 lethal die as well.

Disadvantage: The hide is also a menace to the
character's allies within the crucible. Every day the
characters meet or interact as spooks, the other player
must succeed at a Willpower roll (difficulty 7). If they
fail, they wandered too close to their friend and
accidentally brushed against him, earning a level in
lethal damage (which they can soak).

CRRA PRCE

This Stain alters the entirety of the character's back,
from the base of his head down to his legs, into a hard
beetlelike carapace with a division down the middle.

Advantage: The character gains an additional die
to soak any attack coming at him from behind. Addi-
tionally, the carapace can part to reveal a pair of thin,
membranous wings that allow the spook to "jump" in
short spurts like a junebug (maximum distance per jump
equals the spook's [Strength x2] in meters).

Disadvantage: The carapace is both bulky and
cumbersome, incurring a difficulty penalty of one on
all Dexterity-based rolls.

CHAMELEON SHIN

Whenever this Stain manifests, the ghost's
plasm constantly shifts in color and texture to
match its background.

Advantage: The character gains three bonus dice
on all Stealth rolls

Disadvantage: The spook has no control over
this Stain. Whenever it manifests, the character's
"skin" shifts color and texture according to the back-
ground. In these situations, the character's
Social-related dice pools (Attribute and Ability com-
bined) are halved around other spooks. The main
reason is that the character cannot use his own body


language to influence or impress others. In fact, other
spooks have problems seeing the character clearly.
CLAeWS

A character with this Stain no longer has human
hands, but instead possesses a pair of wicked claws.
Player determines whether they are birdlike, bone
growths, slasher-flick finger blades, alienesque, etc.

Advantage: The claws inflict Strength +2 lethal
damage during combat.

Disadvantage: The character has greater diffi-
culty performing delicate manipulations like picking
a lock or repairing a broken radio. All rolls requiring
precision (Storyteller discretion) suffer a penalty of
two to their difficulties.
ComPounDeve

One of the most visually stunning of Stains, this
causes the character's eyes to become like those of a
fly — red domes composed of hundreds of ommatidia.

Advantage: Having compound eyes means a
wider range of visual acuity, allowing the charac-
ter to see things above his head and behind his
normal periphery.

Disadvantage
pable of changing focus, the character loses whatever
distance vision he normally has while this Stain is
active. This incurs a penalty of two to difficulty rolls
involved in ranged combat.

ORGGERTONGUE

This Stain transforms the character's tongue
into a sharp dagger that can extend up to seven feet
away and retract as though on a spring.

Advantage: The character acquires a ranged
brawling attack that inflicts Strength +1 lethal dam-
> at range.

Disadvantage: The character cannot speak with-
out inflicting some spiteful, verbal abuse against
anyone within earshot. It is a form of spiritually
aggressive Tourette's Syndrome wherein the charac-
ter has no internal editor to censor his speech. He
must succeed at a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) to stop
this from happening and thus speak properly. Any
success lasts for the duration of the scene. Any failure
does likewise.

GRUZE QUILLS

Razorlike quills cover the spook's arms and face,
giving the character sensitivity to local air and
ethereal flows and displacements.

Advantage: Perception difficulties are reduced by
one, and all impairments to the character's vision (from
injury, fog, etc.) are nullified within a 30-foot radius.

Since compound eyes are inca-

Disadvantage: The quills add asixth sensory organ
for the character, the confusion from which causes all
Wits-based rolls to suffer a one to difficulty penalties.

GOSSAMERWESS

The character's gauze becomes sticky, allowing him
to slough off web-thin epidermal layers of "skin" to trap
or encase opponents.

Advantage: Through a successful Brawl attack, the
character may leave behind a sticky swath of gauze to
trap, blind or pin an opponent. Each Vitality point
expended in this matter creates binding equal to two
dots of Strength (thus allowing the opponent to rip free
of it upon a successful Strength roll). If the Brawl attack
succeeds by three or fewer successes, the Storyteller
dictates the effect. If the player succeeds by four dice or
more, he dictates what part of the body is hampered. The
basic targets are: Eyes (blinds the opponent fully); legs
(hinders mobility, preventing the target from moving);
one arm (increases difficulty of Brawl maneuvers by two;
the character can never pin both arms in one attack).

Disadvantage: The character automatically loses
gauze (and thus Vitality) when he passes through an
object that's over half his size and larger (chairs, doors,
desks, etc.). The character can still spend Vitality to
remain completely intangible for the scene (protecting
him from constant bullet fire, for example), but he loses
one Vitality for each large object he passes through.
HAWH'S BERH

This Stain pulls the character's nose and face into
the shape and hardness of a hawk's beak, giving him an
unearthly avian appearance.

Advantage: The character gains a bite attack that
does Strength +1 lethal damage.

Disadvantage: The character has no lips and can-
not form some words properly. Communication becomes
stunted at best and unintelligible at worst. He must
succeed at a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) to stop this
from happening and thus speak properly. Any success is
for the duration of the scene. Any failure is likewise.

LEFER

Some spooks are so tenuously connected to their
own spirituality that parts of their body drop away in
leprous chunks.

Advantage: The character can leave behind one
portion of himself that lasts for 24 hours before disinte-
grating away completely. For that period, however, the
character can see, hear and speak through his one
discarded portion, regardless the distance between the
two, even if the spook is encased in flesh. The character
cannot launch Horrors through the leprous gauze, but it
is mobile, moving ata rate of one foot per turn. The blob

ORPHEUS


9 RR
of gauze cannot defend itself, unfortunately, and diss
pates upon taking any damage.

Disadvantage: Although the parts grow back each
day, so too does a new part of the character fall off,
afflicting him with a variety of ailments. To simplify
matters, however, each ailment deprives a character of
two dice for dice pools pertaining to two relatively
related Attributes. To determine which Attributes fall
victim to this penalty because an eye or hand dropped off
or because a spiritual muscle withered, roll one die and
consult the following results:
Die Roll Attribute
Result

Suggested Appendage

Hand or foot
Entire leg or arm

1 Strength & Dexterity

2 Strength & Stamina

3 Dexterity & Stamina Hand or foot
4 Charisma & Manipulation Eyes or mouth
5 Charisma & Appearance Nose or face

6 Manipulation & Appearance Mouth or face
it Perception & Intelligence Eyes or brain
8 Perception & Wits

9 Intelligence & Wits

One of the five senses
Brain or one of the
five senses

0 Storyteller's Choice

Whether the character used the Stain only briefly
or p es it because of high Spite, the Stain's
negative effect remains active for 24 hours before the
part regenerates.

mhAan-OF-WAR

This vile Stain seems to "liquefy" the character's
gauze, giving him the appearance and texture of an
enormous, humanoid jellyfish.

Advantage: The character takes half damage
(round down) from bashing attacks.

Disadvantage: The character's own body mass is
semi-solid in consistency and moves in unexpected
ways, resulting in a difficulty penalty of one to all
Dexterity rolls.

MeRATYREO

This Stain remembers every painful injury com-
mitted against the character, and manifests the
wounded, bleeding gauze for all to see.

Advantage: Once per turn, the character can at-
tempt to touch an opponent in hand-to-hand combat
(treat as an attack using Brawl). If the character suc-
ceeds, he inflicts the last injury he received (in equal
dice), whether in this combat or last week's, upon the
target (though the opponent can attempt a soak). If the


the character's Strength + number of Successes to hit as
the default dice pool.

Disadvantage: If ever the character rolls a botch
while this Stain is active, he "relives" his last wound, and
suffers the damage. Again, the character can attempt to
soak the damage and the Storyteller can use the default
system mentioned above.

PSEvUDOFr ODS

Like amoebic tentacles, the character's gauze can
grow amorphous limbs that curve and stretch like putty
up to a range of ten feet.

Advantage: The character has multiple limbs, and
can use them to engage in hand-to-hand combat at

range. He can also grab items and manipulate them
crudely. He cannot fire a gun, for example, but he can
flip a light switch or turn a door knob. This does not
grant the character additional actions, which still re-
quires the character to split his relevant dice pools.

Disadvantage: For the duration of a scene, the
character must succeed at a Willpower roll (difficulty 7)
limb to
perform an action. The action either incurs a penalty of
two tothe relevant difficulty or eliminates two dice from
a pertinent dice pool (Storyteller discretion according
to the situation).
SHARHSAPPETITE

The character's mouth grows into a maw with teeth
that are thick and jagged, like those of a piranha or
shark. He even develops additional rows behind the
first, right to the back of his throat.

Advantage: The character gains the ability to eat
anything and masticate it to a quick pulp by latching on
to it with his mouth. By succeeding in a Clinch maneu-
ver (see p. 231), the character automatically inflicts
Strength + 2 lethal damage for each turn he continues
grappling the opponent. He can also destroy artifacts by
masticating them, using Strength + Spite (difficulty 7).

Disadvantage: The character has a voracious appe-
antly or devour
portions of himself. Once a scene, the character loses a
point of Vitality if he does not ingest something (and that
ssfully attacking a target for any potential
damage). Storytellers can dictate that this incurs the
loss of three Vitality per day for as long as the character
is out of flesh (re-entering one's body or possessing
someone both offer relief from the hunger).
SHIFTING IDENTITY

Some people have little credible self-image, whether
it's horrific self-e:
selves. The Stain slowly shifts a spook's looks and even

or accidentally use a pseudopod instead of h

2.

tite in this form, and must eat cons

includes su

teem or unrealistic appraisals of them-

Storyteller does not remember the last attack, he can use

x. s = . 2
identity around like silly putty, a reflection of how little
they knew themselves.

Advantage: Because spooks are essentially exposed
avatars of their personalities, they can willingly "tweak"
facets of themselves to alter their own Social Attributes.
With this Stain, the character can exchange one dot in
Charisma, Manipulation and Appearance with another
by manipulating elements of their very being, altering
people's perceptions of, or interactions with, them-
selves. So, the spook
for example, at expense of lowering Manipulation or
Appearance by one dot. It must be a one-for-one ex-
change. This modification lasts for the duration of a
scene and cannot be altered further.

n heighten Charisma by one dot,

Disadvantage: The character's features slowly
change over the duration of a day, and only return to
normal once the Stain is gone. After one day, the
character might look like a relative of himself or even
just slightly changed, but after two days, the character
looks completely different from his former self. This
makes establishing relationships with ghosts difficult,
and may even force the character to reintroduce

himself every few days. Worse, even if someone un-
derstands the nature of the changes, this increases the
difficulty of any Social rolls with said spooks by two.
Storytellers may also rule that for characters using the
Stain only briefly, any botched rolls automaticall
incuran immediate and radical shift in the character's
appearance. He turns into "someone else" right on
the spot.

SHELETALEORM

Ever hear the expressions of someone who's so
transparent, you can see right through them? Well, now
the character is nothing but a walking skeleton, his
gauze coalesced into bone.

Advantage: The character can attempt to frighten
the onlooker (including sensitives among the living)
using Manipulation + Intimidation, the difficulty being
the target's Willpower.

Disadvantage: The character automatically fails his
Social rolls or, at the very least, rolls against difficulty 10
in related situation.

SPIDERS SAISTLES

When a character manifests this Stain, a carpet of
hairy bristles emerges from the skin on his hands, arms
and legs. Their curious design lends the character the
appearance that he's possessed of wirelike body (and
palm) hair.

Advantage: The character can climb up walls and
other sheer surfaces by using his bristles, in much the


same way a spider does. If he tries carrying another
spook, however, he no longer adheres.

Disadvantage: To effect fine manipulation, the
character must succeed in a Willpower roll (difficulty
7); otherwise, the bristles remain and the character is
constantly and accidentally pulling things he didn't
disengage from properly. The drawback effect halves his
dice pools on anything involving a light tough to a
minimum of one.

WITHERED

This Stain withers a character's plasm so that re-
gardless his Vitality, he always appears desiccated and
several months past dead.

Advantage: The character registers as a zero-Vital-
ity entity, meaning that he can expend as much Vitality
as he possesses within a single turn and not register to
Spectres or other spooks (at least those not within line-
of-sight).

Disadvantage: The character's gauze is flak
crumbles easily. Bashing damage against the character
inflicts an additional two dice per attack, though the
character may still soak the damage.

WILLFOWER

Among the most important of Traits in an Orpheus
games, Willpower measures an individual's drive, deter-
mination and self-confidence. Much like Vitality,
Willpower measures on a scale of one to 10 and has both
a starting rating (determined at character creation) and
temporary points. Whenever the Storyteller deems that
a player must make a proper Willpower roll, he uses the
starting rating to determine dice pool, regardless of the
temporary Willpower points remaining. Players can also
spend temporary Willpower points for their characters
to achieve a variety of effects (see Spending Willpower
below), though each one must pertain to the character
using sheer determination in overcoming obstacles.

Characters who exhaust all their temporary Will-
power points are spent, both physically and emotionally.
They used their reserves of resolve and become generally
listless and apathetic to their situation. They
likelier to surrender to circumstance than they would
normally, and find it difficult to struggle for or against
much of anything. Characters can regain Willpower
points several ways, but should spend Willpower wisely
since recovering it is rarely easy.

and

are also

. Spineless
oe Weak

eee Unassertive
woes Diffident

Certain
Confident
Determined
Controlled
Iron-Willed
Unshakable

SPENDING WILLPOWER

The ability to persevere through sheer moxie is a
special gift indeed, and is useful to Orpheus characters
in many different ways.

© Players can spend a Willpower point to gain an
automatic success on a single action. They can spend
only one point in a single turn this way, but the success
is guaranteed and cannot be canceled, even by a botch.
Thus, characters can achieve at least minimal success on
any action through pure will and effort. For extended
rolls, Willpower successes can help speed things along
significantly.

To use Willpower in this fashion, the player must
declare he is spending the Willpower point before mak-
ing the roll. One cannot spend Willpower retroactively
to strengthen a success or cancel an untimely botch. The
Storyteller may also declare Willpower invalid on cer-
tain types of rolls.

© Players r
alties due to wounds or other distractions for one turn

also spend Willpower to ignore pen-

per point of Stamina the character possesses, represent-
ing focused concentration upon the task at hand in a
last-ditch effort of will.

* Spending a point of Willpower can also ri
energize Vitality. This is done reflexively, and each
point thus spent instantly adds three Vitality to one's
total. Willpower-born Vitality may even exceed one's
starting Vitality rating (except ina hue's case). When
spending this Vitality, however, the cap on natural
healing remains.

REGAINING
WILLFOWER

There are several ways Orpheus characters can
recover lost Willpower. Note that one's temporary Will-
power may never exceed one's Willpower rating, which
represents the ceiling on that character's force of will.
The only method to increasing a Willpower rating is
through experience (p. 201).

Ultimately, recovering Willpower is a matter of the
character reaffirming his sense of confidence and deter-
mination. Thus, certain actions or situations may allow
the character to regain spent Willpower over the course
of astory. We encourage Storytellers to tailor the recov-
ery of Willpower to suit the story, with the caveat that

ee


Willpower is a powerful and useful Trait. Storytellers
shouldn't permit characters to recover Willpower too
quickly lest they dilute the challenge.

Characters regain all temporary Willpower at the
end of a story (not necessarily game session, but story).
The Storyteller may require the characters achieve
some particular objective or otherwise gain a feeling of
success (if just a little) to qualify for this restoration of

self-confidence. In situations where the characters grew

frustrated or simply negotiated a stalemate, however,
the Storyteller may deem that a partial Willpower
recovery might be in order.

¢ Characters who indulge in a full night's rest
(eight full hours of sleep) can recharge their batteries
and can now approach matters refreshed. The Story-
teller should return one Willpower point to each
character who partakes of such rest. At the Storyteller's
discretion, certain powers or Abilities (like Medita-
tion) may allow a character to achieve a similar end

result without actually resting.

¢ Ifa given character achieves a particular goal or
performs a significant confidence-affirming action,
the Storyteller may reward her one Willpower point
as a bonus.

¢ When a character behaves in accordance
with her Nature, she affirms her sense of self; the
Storyteller may reward this with a Willpower point
(or two, for appropriate actions). This holds espe-
cially true in Orpheus, where a character's Nature
is arguably the most important Trait of her entire
being, constituting her entirety in essence.

¢ The last way characters recover Willpower
concerns group effort. If a given crucible (as a team)
finds themselves in a tight situation where they de-

HERLT
Health Level
Bruised

ELS

None
damage.
Hurt

Injured Cha

acter suffers minor injuries and moveme:

cide to advance, even when pushing on might lead to
ruin, the Storyteller can respond by awarding extra
Willpower for group unity and sheer doggedness.

Such awards are great for player morale, and can be
wise game "investments."

HEALTH

"Health" you say. "For the disembodie

Indeed.

While it's true that Orpheus stories are told
through characters who move as ghosts and projected
entities, this is certainly not saying they are immortal

in whichever state. While projecting, characters
(save skimmers) use their Vitality to determine their
physical state. That part is easy. Unfortunately, pro-
jectors also have physical bodies to which they can
and must return; skimmers manifest their injuries
through their bodies, and sleepers hurt themselves by
shunting Spite points into their flesh. This is where
the Health Trait comes in.

In body (or for projectors), characters have seven
"health levels," as shown on the character sheet and
the Health table. When the character is encased in
flesh, ora projecting entity, takes physical damage, he
loses one or more health levels until he can recover
them through rest or supernatural healing. Charac-
ters inhabiting flesh or projecting also accumulate
penalties to movement, actions and dice pools due to
the effects of their injuries (yes, even if projecting). If
a penalty reduces a character's dice pool to zero on
any given action, he cannot attempt that action. A
player, however, can spend a Willpower point so that
his character ignores wound penalties for one turn per
dot of Stamina he possesses.

Dice Pool Penalty Movement Penalty
Character is only bruised a little and suffers no dice penalties due to

Character is superficially hurt and suffers no movement hindrance

t is mildly impaired

(halve running speed).

Wounded Cha

cter suffe

significant damage and my not run (though he may

still walk). The character may not move and attack freely; he always
loses dice when moving and attacking in the same turn.

Mauled
turn).

Crippled
Incapacitated

Character is badly hurt and may only hobble about (three

ards/

Character is severely injured and may only crawl (one yard/turn).
Character is incapable of movement, is likely unconscious and may

ot move until healed of at least one wound level.


GHOSTS #

Unlike other games, where death is the final chapter
of acharacter's story, this is not so in Orpheus. For these
characters, death is—as they say — only the beginning.

When a projector's body dies, he is no longer the
character he once was, nor even human, anymore. His
Lament changes immediately to either spirit or hue
(depending on whether the character was a pigment
user in life or not), and the character is now a ghost. He
receives five Freebie Points during the transition (not
experience points, mind you, but Freebies) that he can
spend on anything he likes.

At this point, the Health chart has little conse-
quence to the character's existence. The mortal coil
doesn't constrain him anymore, and while this may be
a good thing on occasion, the character must realiz
that he no longer has refuge when the going gets
rough. The character's very being now relies on his
strength of selfhood and identity. This translates into
Vitality, a Trait that is both energy and body. Only by
completely and permanently draining both Vitality
and Willpower to zero is a ghost truly destroyed. So
long as a single point of either remains, the character
can and will eventually reconstitute his own strength
of being.

EXPERIENCE

Everyone is capable of learning from experience,
including the dead. In the world of Orpheus, only the
likes of drones are truly stagnant entities, incapable of
any self-discovery beyond the rote of their miserable
circumstances. All player characters continue learn-
ing and growing, developing their abilities and skills
during their time as Orpheus Group's agents. Experi-
ence points measure the effects of this development.

At the conclusion of each story (or story chap-
ter), the Storyteller awards a variable number of
experience points to the characters. Players can
then use experience to improve existing Traits or
acquire new ones. Players must keep track of what
experience points they've acquired and spent, and
they are typically restricted to spending them during
breaks between stories (or between chapters, for
longer stories).

Final approval on what each character may im-
prove resides in the Storyteller's hands. If a character
did nothing in the previous
expenditure, the Storyteller is within his right to
refuse that expenditure. After all, it makes little sense
for a character to raise an Ability he hasn't used or
even been exposed to before. If the Storyteller allows

ions to justify a given

OHAP'
ARAOTER,

v3,

for that improvement, he may still require the char-
acter to undergo training or spend some time practicing
h the Trait in question for the raise to take effect.
holds especially true for characters hoping to
acquire a completely new Trait they didn't possess
before. We encourage enterprising Storytellers to
work character improvement into their stories them-
selves, whether it be as story hooks, through sending
characters off to find training/mentors or providing
them with opportunities to further grow and develop
in different ways.

As a tule, Storytellers should not allow char:
ters to improve a given Trait by more than one dot
per story, unless the improvement (and the story)
transpires over a long period of time. Improving
oneself takes time and effort, and Storytellers are
encouraged to be ever-mindful of what their players
are working toward.

nEwW TRAITS

For existing Traits, improvement is a simple mat-
ter. All the player must do is save up the appropriate
amount of experience, and when the time comes,
spend it. This usually improves the Trait in question
by one. Acquiring entirely new Traits, however, is a
bit more involved. Characters don't simply "figure
out" how to speak a new language, for example, or
even learn the rudiments of a given skill set over-
night. Learning a new Horror, for example, usually
requires the character receive at least minimal in-
struction from someone who knows the Horror he
wishes to learn (unless, of course, the new Horror is
already innate to the character). The only time that
one learns a non-innate Horror without receiving
instruction is when the character uses his ability to
drain Vitality from another ghost. If the target ghost
expires as a direct or indirect result of this Vitality
drain, the character may (at Storyteller discretion)
develop one of the two innate Horrors possessed by
his victim. Experience cost is the same; the character
simply sidesteps the need for outside instruction.
Each Shade also has a forbidden set of Horrors he can
never learn, even by means of Vitality drain.

Learning a new Ability require:
and practice (time varies) in addition to the necessary

a period of study

s, the character must
also have guidance of some kind, instruction to help
the character learn the basics of the new Ability. This
can range from reading some books or taking a night
course to a months-long apprenticeship with a suit-
able teacher. The Storyteller has the final say on what
measures and steps are prerequisite to picking up the

experience points. In most cas

——

new Ability, though most Abilities can be studied or
practiced in the time between stories and other down-
time in the chronicle.

CHANGING LAMENTS

's face it... everybody dies. The difference, how-
ever, is that in Orpheus chronicles, death does not
signify the end of a character, but rather a new begin-
ning. Although a character's Shade remains fixed once
set, his Lament is certainly flexible; all it takes isa little
bit of death.

When asleeper or skimmer dies, his Lament imme-
diately changes to either spirit or hue. The determining
factor is whether the character used pigment in life or
not. If he did, then his Lament is now hue; if not, he
becomes a spirit. Regardless, a projector's demise be-
stows upon him five Freebie Points to be spent as the
player desires. Call it death's silver lining. From that
point onward, the Health chart is superfluous to the
character, since his very existence is now tied to his
Vitality and Willpower.

Projectors can also change their Lament in a less
violent fashion. Once a skimmer uses sleeper technol-
ogy to project, he cannot go back to skimming without
retraining. Skimming borders on the transcendental
while sleeping is science trying to emulate a natural
function through force. Once a skimmer becomes a

sleeper, he loses touch with that trained subconscious
and must relearn everything. Sleepers can also eventu-
ally learn how to project without cryogenics and
embalming cocktails. This process typically takes both
time and practice, though there are some "quick studies"
who learn skimming in very little time. The Storyteller
dictates the time and experience required to change
from sleeper to skimmer. Characters can sidestep this
transition, however, via the drug known as pigment,
which will change their Lament to skimmer over a brief
period of regular use. Changing from sleeper to skimmer
earns the character no free or new Traits, aside from the
shift in Lament.

RAUARROING
EXPERIENCE

If Storytelling is an art, then awarding experience is
one of the most important skills of that craft. Doling out
too much experience forces the characters to advance
perhaps more quickly than the story should allow, often
leading to "growing pains" on the part of the troupe's
players. The last thing an Orpheus Storyteller wants is
for super-powered characters to scoff at his so-called
challenges, rather than to fear and respect the opposi-
tion. Conversely, awarding too few experience points
leads to player frustration, with the crucible (and troupe)
feeling like it accomplishes nothing for all its hard work.

The art is in striking the proper balance between legiti-
mate reward and either stingy reticence or senseless
gluttony. Properly rewarding players for their accom-
plishments is an essential aspect of all Orpheus games;
it's what heightens their enjoyment and keeps them
returning for more.

The following guidelines provide a baseline from
which to work with regards to experience allocation. If
a Storyteller follows these recommendations, the end
result should be a troupe that advances at a pace relative
to the story (given regular play). For those running
extra-long sessions, or those not playing as frequently as
others, the Storyteller should adjust these numbers
upward by a point or two per character.

Eno OF CHARFTER

At the end of each regular game session or chapter
ina longer story (assume between three and six hours of
play), the Storyteller should award between one and five
experience points to each character. One point i
matic, representing experience acquired simply by virtue
of experiencing the story's events. Beyond that, how-
ever, the Storyteller should award additional experience
on merit, with five points representing a truly remark-
able performance (in every way) on the player's part
during that session. Please bear in mind that "remark-
able" implies something beyond the norm forthatspecific
player, including those who are normally good
roleplayers. This way, both strong and weak roleplayers
have equal chance of accruing experience based on how
well they perform each session, with their own skills
establishing the baseline.

auto-

One Point — Automatic: Every character receives
one point for his participation.

One Point — Learning Curve: Ask each player
what his character learned from the session. If you agree
that it was been a learning experience, award this point.

One Point — Roleplaying: Ifa player portrayed his
character well, including remaining true to his Nature
and providing entertaining moments for the group, the
character should receive an additional experience point.
Truly outstanding roleplaying can merit two extra expe-
rience points.

One Point — Heroism: Characters who truly tran-
scend their normal limits by way of acts of daring and
Ta experience point.

heroism are deserving of an

€no OF STORY
At the story's conclusion (covering several chap-
ters and sessions), you may also award a few extra
a bonus for completing the tale.
One Point — Success: If the characters achieve
the objective or conquer the story challenge, over-
coming obs

experience points

les to do so, award an experience point.

= b ego ean


One Point — Danger: Characters receive an
extra experience point for surviving terrible danger
and/or overcoming great odds over the story's course.

One Point — Wisdom: If a player concocted a
brilliant scheme or originated a brilliant idea that helped
xtra expe-

the crucible succeed, award that character an e
rience point for the sudden insight and understanding.

£nbD OF CHRONICLE

This stage can be the most fulfilling time of a
character's existence. When an entire story arc (com-
prising of numerous sessions and two or more stories)

concludes, it effectively wraps up a chapter in both
the players' and characters' lives. For characters, it's
a time of great fulfillment, not only because they

completed an extended storyline, but because they

will receive three bestowals of experience in one shot:

First for the concluding session, second for ending the
story that ends the chronicle, and third for the end of
the chronicle, itself. Unlike session or story awards,
however, which are personalized, end of chronicle
awards are given to the crucible as a unit, representing
awards for teamwork

One Point — Unity: If the crucible proved itself
greater than the sum of its parts over the course of the
chronicle, and not just a collection of individuals, award
each member of that crucible an extra experience point.

One Point — Growth: During the narrative of
these characters' lives, did each help the others grow as
characters over the chronicle's course? Are they all more
vibrant and thre:
roleplaying? If so, award each member of the crucible an

dimensional as a result of group

extra experience point.

One Point — Grace: If the crucible as a whole tried
(and succeeded) in making the transcendence of ghosts
a top priority, and in so doing managed to keep them-
elatively free of Spite, each member should
receive one point. If even a single member of the group
pite, and thus Spectrehood, do not

selves

was been lost to §
award this point.

—ExPeEREncCe COSTS
Trait Cost
New Ability 3
New Horror 15
Attribute
Ability.
Specialty

current rating x4
current rating x2
current rating
Background current rating x3
Vitality
Willpower

current rating x3

current rating x2

"What are you?" Etzel asked with a whimper.

"I'm the guy who's got your body," Chet replied. "Say, this Porsche of
yours is a fine car."

"Why?" Etzel said. "Why are you doing this to me? What'd I ever do to
you?"

"No me?" Chet paused. "Nothing. I just don't like you, Etzel. I don't like
your moonshine about a ‘New Economy' that anly young snots like you can
understand. I don't like you smuggling dope after people wised up to your
dotecom fad. And you're a genius. Way too smart for the cops and Feds, right?"
Chet slowed at the red light and checked the traffic before he took his
vight turn. "And a girl asked me to. I never could turn down a dame."

"Valerie!" Etzel said, fuming. The candy apple-red Porsche weaved a
moments; Chet felt the threads of Etzel's life pulling from his grip. Etzel
even pounded his fist on the dashboard before Chet regained control. For
the moment, he let Etzel talk. "Damn, I knew that bitch would make trouble!
Palimony, ha! Whatever she's paying you, I can pay ten times as much."

Chet took over Etzel's voice again. "Ahh... I did talk to Miss Quantrell.
Nice ass, you should have kept her. But no, she didn't hire me."

Etzel surprised Chet. He had recovered from the shock of being possessed
faster than the old soldier had ever seen before. Now he even tried
negotiating, tried buying his way out. Yeah, right.

"You're just a hobby for me, Etzel. You and your Colombian friends. No,
my client is a Little lady, a Miss Delfina Suarez. Your friend Almeyda hired
her for a party. Gave her enough coke and black heroin to kill a steer.
Dumped her body. She's a bit upset, is Miss Delfina. I took care of Almeyda
for her, and he led me to you. I figure, never leave a job half=dane."

"Ghosts," Etzel said. He sounded more intrigued than frightened. "You're
a ghost. I read about you guys.... But, al] this trouble over a crack whore?
Come on, with your powers...."

"Watch your mouth, sonny," Chet said. "I heard some pretty raw talk in
my time. Did a lot of it myself. But you never speak i11 of the dead, got
it? They listen." Chet turned left, heading into the Santa Monica Mountains.
"and don't try buying me. I'm doing this because a pretty girl asked. And

because to people like you and Almeyda, she's just another Suzy Rottencrotch
to use and throw away, and nobody can touch you. Except me."

The car sped up, swinging around the turns. Etzel snorted. "Great. I'm
possessed by a ghost who thinks he's a white knight."

Etzel's Lips curved in an unpleasant smile. "Almeyda didn't think so when
I killed him," Chet said.

"You? Almeyda was shot by one of his own men — oh." Now Etzel sounded
less sure of himself.

"Right. One of his own men," Chet said. "Just like last week your secretary
Janice sent the DEA an interesting package. And the week before that,
Markowitz talked about selling you out to the Fabronis, where you would
hear. I just about bust my gut laughing at what you did to him. Ramirez,
Ascot... you've been my hobby for the last month, Etzel." The Porsche sped
past a stretch of scrubby pines and laurels, but Chet felt the lush, dense
foliage of Vietnam hiding just outside his view. "And you didn't suspect
a thing. Gee, maybe you're not such a genius after all."

"Please. I'11 give you anything. Do anything you want." Etzel's voice shook.
"There must be someone you care about. Someane who could use a lot of money."

"Nope." The car whipped around the first in a series of switchbacks. To
the left rose a cliff. To the right and ahead, the steep hillside descended
to Sherman Oaks.

Etzel almost screamed, "Then what do you want?" The vines and rubber=
trees of Vietmam surged forward. As the Porsche approached another
switchback, Chet slid out of Etzel's body to sit beside him. Unseen and
intangible, he kept one hand on Etzel's leg, forcing it to push the accelerator
to the floor. Would he have enough energy to resist the crash? Chet gritted
imaginary teeth and somehow found the reserves he needed. Etzel tried taking
the turn, but the car was going too fast. Chet dove through the side of the
ear and rolled across the tarmac while the Porsche smashed through the
fence. The car tumbled end over end, crashing through the undergrowth.
Puffing with imaginary exertion, Chet pushed himself to his fest. He looked
down at the ruin of the Porsche.

"I want you dead," he said. And then, "Shame about the car."


CHAPTER (Four:
WORKING ere E SYSTEM

"Rules? I ‘don't need need your rules, motherfucker!
I oan walk through, a ke
wn = — Anonymous Flatliner
Doctor: Where do you live, Simon? © ae
Mary Forbes (as Siman): I live inside the weak ~.8 ©
and the wounded. + tae o* ae,
Session 9

i Tw m.. + o> >
ee 5: ™

*


A game needs rules. Storytelling games are no
exception. The players decide what their characters try
to do or how they react to events around them. The
Storyteller can usually decide, in the same way, how
other people react to the characters — but what about
the rest of the world? How to decide whether a bullet hits
its target, or whether a character knows an obscure piece
of information or whether one character deceives an-
other? Some things you just can't roleplay. Other
situations present a conflict of interest between players.
Rules supply an objective way to determine whether an
action succeeds or not, and ensure that all characters
receive the same fair treatment.

Orpheus uses just a few rules to handle most tasks
that characters may attempt. This chapter covers the
most basic rules, which set the pattern for the entire
game system. These basic patterns are capable of endless
permutations to cover nearly any situation. Once you
know the patterns, the details — the rules in the other
chapters — are easy to figure out.

TIME

Time within a game does not work like time in the
real world. An event that might take hours in the real
world, like a plane trip to another country, might require
a few seconds of description: "You get on the plane. The
food is lousy and the in-flight movie is worse. You're glad
when you reach your destination." On the other hand,
a situation that might take a few minutes in real time,
like a brawl between several people, might take more
than an hour to play out as a game. Characters do not
play every second of their lives; the game treats the
dramatic high points in detail and skims over the rest.

Instead of accounting for time second by second,
Orpheus measures time in six basic units. We define
each division by how many actions characters can
perform in it:

¢ Turn — The amount of time required to perform
asimple, specific action. A turn can last anywhere from

a few seconds to a few minutes, depending on the
character's task or the pacing of the current scene.
Consider the difference between a fistfight in a bar and
a gunfight in a crowded warehouse. In the former,
characters rapidly throw and block punches, so each
turn might last a second or two. In the latter case, a turn
might consist of whole minutes while characters sneak
about trying to draw a bead on each other.

© Scene — The amount of time characters require
to perform a meaningful sequence of actions and inter-
actions in a single location. A scene begins when
characters set out to accomplish something and ends
when they finish. It contains as many turns as necessary
for characters to pursue their actions — maybe none, if
the scene consists entirely of dialogue and character

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

interplay. For instance, a scene might consist of your
character stealing data from a corporate office; an at-
tempt to bluff your way pasta security guard by posing as
a delivery person would count as a turn within that
scene. Think of scenes as points in the movie where

actors accomplish one objective or reach a point of

change. Driving in a car can be a scene, as can confront-
ing the villain verbally.

¢ Downtime — Everything in a character's life that
you don't need to play out in detail through turns or
scenes, like that plane trip mentioned above. Important
matters can happen in downtime, like gathering infor-
mation or going out on a date, but spending hours of
playing time on them would be tedious.

¢ Chapter — An independent part of a story,
usually played out in a single game session. It consists of
several scenes, with downtime between them, in which
characters try achieving some goal, just like a chapter in
a novel or an act in a play

* Story — A full tale, with a beginning, middle,
climax and end. In a storytelling game, a story may
consist of a single chapter (i.e., play session) or require
several chapters.

© Chronicle — A series of stories linked by a
common set of characters. A common theme or ongoing
plot may additionally link the stories within a game.

ACTIONS

As players, you have your characters pursue many
matters. Not all tasks, however, count as actions. You

can handle some deeds, like conversing with another
character, through roleplaying. You don't usually
keep track of how much time such events take. A deed
counts as an action if the duration actually matters
and you can imagine some circumstance that could

render the task difficult. For instance, running across
a street is an action: It is willed; the time to accom-
plish it could matter (can you cross quickly enough to
catch the bus?), and it may present a challenge (can
you dodge through traffic?). An action typically re-
quires a single turn and you cannot break it down into
smaller meaningful errands. If a task requires more
than a minute or so, it may be part of downtime (see
above). If you can break a deed into smaller tasks
then it probably consists of several actions instead of
just one. Actions can be physical (shooting a gun,
jumping over an obstacle), mental (remembering a
password, spotting a person in a crowd) social (plead-
ing with a bureaucrat, flirting in a singles' bar) oreven
magical (using a ghostly power on someone).

Many actions automatically succeed. There's no
real challenge to loading your gun or typing your p:
word into your computer. Challenging actions — like
loading your gun while running full-tilt through a crowd,


or guessing the password to someone else's computer
often require dice rolls to determine whethe
ceed or fail.

ROLLING DICE

Real life presents endless complications and ran-

you suc-

dom factors — more than anyone ever knows about.
What's more, nobody succeeds every time at any but the
simplest tasks. Combat offers the most obvious example:
No system could possibly detail every combination of
footwork, feints, jabs and motions of a simple fistfight...
so we don't try. Instead, Orpheus uses dice to represent
all the factors not under a character's control. When-

ever your character attempts a difficult task, a dice roll
decides the issue.

Orpheus uses 10-sided dice. You can find these dice
at game and hobby stores or at some bookstores. A group
of players requires at least ten dice, and players may want
to have their own — passing handfuls of dice from player
to player can become annoying.

The number of dice you roll reflects your character's
relative competence or incompetence at a given feat. If
your character excels ata task, you roll many dice and have
a better chance of success. If your character is not so good,
lure becomes more likely.

you roll fewer dice and

RATINGS

How many dice do you roll for a task? Trait ratings
measure your character's aptitudes and abilities, both
innate and learned. A character receives a rating from |
to 5 in most Traits. A rating of | represents the feeblest
degree of competence. A rating of 2 or 3 indicates some
aptitude for the Trait, but nothing special. A 4 ina Trait
is something special — people notice the character's
while a 5 represents the peak of human
potential. A character can have a 0 rating in a Trait.
This usually indicates a skill the character never learned
or some special disability. A few special Traits operate
ona scale of 1 to 10.

prowess

Descriptions of Traits list the normal range of rat-
ings this way, through dots:

X Abysmal or nonexistent
° Poor

ee Average

eee Good

eoce

Exceptional
eeeee Superb

Whenever rolling dice, you roll one die for every dot
in the appropriate Trait. For instance, if your character
tries moving something very precisely and he has two
dots in Dexterity, you roll two dice. Most times, how-
ever, you add together the values of two Traits to
representa combination of native ability and training or

experience. The most usual combination consists of an
Ability (p. 166) added to an Attribute (p. 160)

Suppose, for instance, your character tries breaking
into a car without setting off the alarm. The Storyteller
tells you to roll your character's Dexterity + Security —
an Attribute plus an Ability. If your character had a
rating of 3 in Dexterity and 2 in Security, you would roll
five dice for the task. These dice are called the dice pool
for the action.

Usually, you calculate a dice pool for only one
action at a time. See "Multiple Actions" for attempting
more than one task in a turn.

Some actions do require a dice pool from a single
Trait. This may happen because no possible training can
affect a character's chance of success. For instance, no
training can help your character push a heavy barrier out
of the way. In this case, you base your dice pool on a

single Trait — Strength.

Orpheus does not allow some kinds of dice pools.
Any dice pool involving Traits rated from | to 10 (like
Willpower or Vitality) can never have another Trait
added: You always roll these Traits "bare." Also, you can
never add more than two Traits to form a dice pool. As
aresult, it's not normally possible for a human character
to have more than ten dice in a dice pool. Those
creatures that can... are not human.

REFLEXIVES

Not everything your character does counts as
an action, even if it involves dice rolls. Most
notably, spending Vitality to activate ghostly
powers requires so little time that itdoes not affect
what a character can do in a single turn. Your
character can accomplish this while doing some-
thingelse. Such a "free action" is called areflexive

Soak rolls are another example of reflexives.
You roll. dice, but you don't will a soak; it just
happens automatically. Because of this, soaking
damage does not count as an action. You can soak
damage and perform another action without this
counting as multiple actions in a turn (see else-
where in this chapter).

Talking is another reflexive. Characters can
make short statements to each other during

spare time for acharacter to shout, "Behind you
to a friend, or zing off a cool line to an enemy.

Generally, reflexives involve either pure
roleplaying (without any need for dice rolls) or
pure game mechanics where the dice roll repre-
sents something that takes no time. If in doubt,
ask your Storyteller.

ORPHEUS


DIFFICULTIES

Notevery dice roll succeeds. Whenever your character
attempts an action, the Storyteller gives you a difficulty
number to represent the degree of challenge. Difficulty
numbers range between 2 and 10. Each time you score that

number orhigher on one of your dice, you gain asuccess. For
instance, if an action has a difficulty of 6 and you roll a 2,
3, 4, 7 and 10, then you rolled two successes (the 7
10). The more successes you roll, the better you do. For
most actions, rolling one success suffices to perform the
task, but that's justa marginal success —good enough to get
by. If you score three or more successes, you succeed

and the

completely or even spectacularly. Most of the time, scoring
Ir
your character, but the Storyteller might describe how you

game" advantage to

such a complete success offers nc

impress other characters or give you some small, une:
pected benefit

The lower the difficulty, the more easily you score
successes. The default difficulty is six, indicating a
moderately challenging task. If the Storyteller or rulebook
ever tells you to make a roll but does not give you a specific
difficulty number, assume that the task is difficulty 6

The Storyteller has the final say on how hard an
attempted action may be and sets difficulty numbers ac-
cordingly. If a task seems nearly impossible, she assigns a
high difficulty number, whereas if a task seems exception-
ally sa low difficulty number. The two extremes
— difficulties of 2 or 10 —should rarely occur, though. At
difficulty 2, an action is so easy that it's not worth the
player's time to roll dice. At difficulty 10, the laws of
probability do funny things: No matter how many dice you
roll, you have equal chances for success or a catastrophic
failure called a botch (explained below), though simple
failure remains the most likely outcome.

y she se

Some circumstances can raise or lower a difficulty
number. Under no circumstance can a difficulty number
rise beyond 10, though, so rolling a 10 always counts as a
success. The Storyteller is within her rights to say thata task
is flat-out impossible. For instance, no conceivable
athleticism could let a mortal person jump 100 feet be-
tween the roofs of two skyscrapers, while no intellectual
acumen can enable someone to translate an unknown
language without some reference toa known tongue... not
in the time characters have available in a game, anyway.

A Storyteller can also represent a task's difficulty by
demanding more than one success from a dice roll. For

some tasks, there's no such thing as marginal success.
Either you succeed completely
defusing a bomb as an example: What does it mean to
defuse a bomb just a little? In this case, the Storyteller
might say the player must score two or even three
successes on a single dice roll to complete the job.

or not at all. Consider

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

OF FICULTY RATINGS

The following charts should give you an id
of how to assign difficulties to tasks and how
difficulties and degrees of success may compare.
You can represent the difficulty of a feat either by
its difficulty number or by the number of successes
needed. Italics indicate the average:

NES

asy (starting a political argument)
Four

Five

Routine (posing as a meter reader)
Straightforward (convincing a New Age
believer you have psychic powers)
Six
Seven
Eight

Standard (throwing a punch)
Challe
Difficult (disabling a security came
a thrown rock)

Extremely difficult (bypassing a security sys-
tem with a stick of gum and a pocketknife)

DEGREES OF SUCCESS

One Succes

wing (cracking a business' safe)
a with

Nine

Marginal (breaking a se-
curity camera)

Two Successes Moderate (convincing a
stranger you have a le-
gitimate reason to break
into their apartment)
Three Success Complete (bypass the
security system and don't
leave a trace)
Exceptional (convince a
stranger to donate their

Four Successes

life's savings to your cause)
Phenomenal (turn your
worstenemy intoaloyalally)

Five or More Suc:

FRILURE

If you score no successes on your dice roll, your
character fails her attempted action.
she can't decipher the coded message; ‘the security guard
won'tlet her in. Failure disappoints, but usually does not
harm the character.

Example: Skinrider Chet Mason possesses Vito
Ferlinghetti, a Mafia don's lieutenant. Chet hopes to extract
information about heroin shipments. The Skinrider tries
leading the Don to talk about the shipments without giving
away that Vito isn't Vito anymore. Lucien the Storyteller

. her shot misses;

tells Chet's player, Dean, to roll Chet's Manipulation +
Performance (difficulty 6). Dean rolls a 2, 4, 5, 5 — no
about

successes. Lucien rules that Chet asks questions


matters Vito ought to know. The Don doesn't suspect the
fantastical truth, but he asks to smell Vito's breath, asks the
mobster if he's been hit on the head lately and finally tells him
to go home and get some sleep. The conversation definitely
ends and Chet doesn't learn a thing.

THE RULE OF ONE

Bad luck can foil the most skillful character or most
brilliant plan. As a complication to dice rolls, every "1"
rolled cancels out a single success. Take the die showing
a "1" and one of the dice showing a successful number
and set them aside. In this manner, "1s" may reduce a
character's success, perhaps all the way to a net failure.
Perhaps, even, to a catastrophic failure.

BOTCHES

Now and then, characters suffer truly bad fortune. If
adie roll garners es at all, and one or more "Is"
appear, you rolled abotch. If youscore at least one success
—evena success that is canceled out, with further "Is"
remaining — the roll remains a simple failure.

A botch is much worse than a normal failure. A
botch can ruin a plan or place the character in danger.
For comparison, failing a Stealth roll might mean step-
ping on a twig. Botching a Stealth roll could mean
stepping in a bucket, falling on your face and knocking
over a potted plant. The Storyteller decides how much
mishap a botch represents, but may use the rule for
successes in reverse. Just as rolling more successes indi-
cates doing a better job, rolling more "1s" ona botch can
indicate a more humiliating or dangerous failure. That's
optional, though.

Some Storytellers may find that botches appear a
little too frequently in their chronicles (as any veteran
roleplayer can attest, the laws of probability can warp
strangely once dice start rolling). In that case, the
Storyteller may grant everyone, player and supporting
characters alike, one "free" botch: The first botch rolled
in the game session doesn't count. This optional rule
makes afterlife a little easier on Orpheus characters.
Then again, their enemies are less likely to suffer a run
of really bad luck too.

Example: Chet Mason tries to draw the information he
wants from some other "goodfellas." Once again, Chet's
player rolls the character's Manipulation + Performance
(difficulty 6). He gets 1, 2, 4,5. Notonly does a "1" appear,
there are no successes, so the action becomes a botch. The
Storyteller rules that one mobster replies to a question in
Italian, and Chet — still in Vito's body — looks confused.
The mobster says, "Since when does our pal Vito not know
Italian? I think we've got us a ringer," and draws his gun.

RUTOMATIC SUCCESS

Rolling dice can eat through a lot of game time. It
becomes tiresome for easy tasks that your character

ORPHEUS

should be able to perform in his sleep. It's even more
tiresome when the dice go bonkers and deliver a botch.
Orpheus employs a simple system to speed play by
allowing you to skip dice rolls for actions that your
character should routinely perform without effort.

If the number of dice in your character's dice pool
equals or exceeds the action's difficulty number, the
Storyteller may rule you don't have to roll. The charac-
ter automatically succeeds. This does not work for all
ta In particular, this "automatic success rule" never
applies in combat or other stressful situations. It applies
to routine tasks when the character has plenty of time
and no major distractions.

What is more, an automatic success is always con-
sidered marginal, like rolling just one success on the
dice. You may
more successes. For simple and often-repeated actions,
though, this system can speed play along and help you
move toward the exciting stuff.

ant to roll anyway, in hopes of gaining

You can also add an automatic success to a dice roll
by spending a Willpower point (p. 199). You can do this
only once ina turn. Since you have a limited number of
Willpower points, you can't do this too often, but it may
help tremendously when you're under pressure to suc-
ceed. Note that this method does not guarantee succe
You may still roll enough "Is" to end up with a net
failure. Spending Willpower reduces the odds of failure,
however, and eliminates any chance of a botch. You
must spend the Willpower point before rolling the dice:
You may not count your successes or botches and then

add a suce

TRYING AGHIN

ailure produces stress. Stress makes it hard to
concentrate, which can cause more failure. Ifa character
fails an action, he may usually attempt the task again.
For instance, failing once to hotwire a car does not mean
that the character can never hotwire the car again. In
such cases, however, the Storyteller may increase the
second attempt's difficulty number by one. If the char-
acter fails again, and tries yet again, the difficulty of the
third attempt rises by two, and so on. Eventually, the
difficulty rises so high that the character has no chance
to succeed or rolls a botch (he can't make heads or tails
of the car's wiring; he damages it so the car won't run; he
sets off the car alarm; or something equally appropriate).
This rule prevents players from plugging away at an
action, rolling again and again until their character
finally succeeds. Sometimes, in life and afterlife, that
just isn't possible.

This rule should not apply to every situation. It
certainly does not apply in rapidly changing situations
like combat or tailing another driver. In, say, a gunfight,
both characters know that not every bullet hits; when

ard


ca hen |

the characters move around, factors like changing dis-
tance, cover and the presence of other people make
every shot a brand-new challenge — and opportunity.

Example: Holofernes, a Banshee sleeper, attempts a

ristmas Carol

scam to make a rich collector hand over
a stolen Mayan mask (legend says the mask has magic
powers, so Orpheus wants it). Unfortunately, the collector
doesn't believe in moralizing ghosts. Holofernes has already
used Forebode to pick out some juicy incidents from the
collector's past. He tries using them as proof that because he
knows the man's past, he also knows his future. The Story-
teller tells Holofernes' player, Pat, to roll Manipulation +
Expression (difficulty 6). Pat fails the roll — so the Story-
teller says that the collector sneers and says this only proves
Holofernes hired a good detective. Holofernes tries to riposte
with some tidbit that no one else could know without magic,
but now the difficulty rises to 7. Pat rolls and fails again! If
Pat tried yet again, the difficulty would rise to 8. Pat decides
this is futile, so the frustrated Holofernes turns to Wail
instead. He roars, "WHERE'S THE GOD-DAMN
MASK!" Only the dice can say whether the collector's
courage equals his skepticism..

MULTIPLE ACTIONS

Sometimes a character might attempt two or more
ht punch
and dodge at the same time, or mull a puzzling statement
while charming the Senator's daughter at a party. You
can do this, but each action suffers a dice penalty.

actions ina turn. For instance, a character m

The player declares the total number of actions she
wants her character to attempt, and what order she rolls
for the tasks. She then subtracts that number of dice
from the dice pool for the first task. For the second task,
she subtracts that number of dice, plus one. For a third
task, she subtracts a number of dice equal to the number
of tasks plus two. Each additional task suffers the loss of

Example
Leaping between rooftops;
icking a lock

Action
Simple

ended Research; Escaping pursuit
Resisted

Extended & Resisted — Debating

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

Shadowing; Machismo contests

=

one more die from the dice pool. If the penalty reduces
a dice pool to zero or fewer dice, the character cannot
attempt that eeealies action.

Example: Jeff wants his character, the skimmer Berke-
ley, to ate a fence while dodging gunfire from a pair of
Death Merchants in hot pursuit (Berkeley is in his body so he
can't just move through the fence); that's three actions. The
nimble Berkeley has Dexterity 5 and Athletics 5. Jeff decides
that since he really doesn't want Berkeley hit, he'll dodge
first, to maximize his dice pools. Jeff calculates the dice pool
for the first dodge (Dexterity 5 + Athletics 5 = 10 dice pool) ,
then subtracts three dice (for the three total actions in this
turn), for a dice pool of 7, which is still damn good. The
second dodge has a dice pool of 10 (same as before), minus
four dice (three for the number of actions, plus one for being
the second multiple action), giving a final dice pool of 6
Finally, climbing the fence takes the dice pool of 10, minus
five (three for the number of actions, plus two for being the
third multiple action) , giving a final dice pool of 5. Berkeley
should easily escape the two assassins, a luxury most other

characters might not have

Ghosts with the Horror called Juggernaut (see p
111) can make multiple attacks without subtracting
dice from their dice pools. These extra actions may not
themselves be divided into multiple actions, however.

COMPLICATIONS

The preceding rules are enough to start playing
Orpheus. They don't cover every situation, though. For
instance, what if two characters try pooling their skills to
work on a problem? What if one character tries doing
something while another character tries stopping her?
What ifa task is fairly long and difficult, but you don't want
to break it up into several smaller actions? The following

tules deal with such situations, and so give players and
Storytellers more options for resolving the characters'

Description
Complete the tas
announces the di
Automatic suc:

with one roll. The Storyteller
iculty and the player rolls dice.
ss is possible.
Complete the task when you accumulate a certain
number of successes, which may require more than
one dice roll (which provides more chances of botching).
A contest of skill between two individuals. They
compare their numbers of successes. The character
with the most successes wins.
As a resisted action; the contest requires a given
number of suce
to complete. The first person to accumulate a set

and may take more than one turn

number of successes in excess of the opponent's

accumulated successes wins the contest


actions. As always in this chapter, these are very general
tules. Read on in this chapter for more specific examples of
complications and ways to resolve them.

ExTenoe

Sometimesa

sk requires an extended effort. Br
ode or swimming across a riv

longer than one turn. If you can accomplish a task with
just one success, we call that a simple action. If you need

ing acomplicat

multiple dice rolls to succeed at a lengthy task, however,
Extended actions
often demand that players accumulate many successes.

you undertake an extended action

Suppose, for instance, your character tries shaking
three pursuers before he reaches his hideout. The Story-
teller says you need 9 successes to escape all three tails —
ach turn, you roll Wits + Athletics
aracter's attempts to escape the other

3 successes per pursuer.
to represent you

characters. You eventually succeed... unless you roll a

EXAMPLE OF EXTENDEDACTION

Holofernes wants to find whoever sold the stolen
Mayan mask, Was it a crooked art dealer? A profes-
sional fence? He doesn't know, but someone must. The
Banshee spends several days talking to art dealers,
pawnshop owners and petty.crooks while trying to dis-
cover who could handle such an item, and who actually
did. The Storyteller decides that for Holofernes to suc-
ceed, Pat must accumulate 15 successes on an extended
Wits + Streetwise roll (difficulty 7; a little hard because
most people don't casually admit to knowing about trade
in stolen goods). Since legwork takes a long time, each
dice roll represents one day's work.

Holofemes has Wits 3 and Streetwise 3, so Pat rolls six
dice for each day of legwork. Her first roll generates just one
success: A slow start. The roll for the nextday , however, nets
Holofernes four successes —a solid lead. For the third day,
however, Patrolls 1, 3,4,4,5,6—abotch! The Storyteller
rules that a shady "arranger" becomes paranoid, pulls a gun
and challenges Holofernes to prove he isn't a cop if he wants
to live. Since Holofernes isn't in his body, the threat is not
completely convincing. If he wants to continue his search,
though, the Banshee must either convince the crook or terrify
him into submission. More importantly, though, Pat and the
Storyteller handled three days' worth of character actions
through five minutes of real time and three dice rolls.


botch, in which case you only think you evaded pursuit and
actually lead your tails to your destination.

Botching a roll generally wipes out all your accumu-
lated successes for an extended action. Under some
circumstances, the Storyteller might let you start again.
Sometimes, however, the Storyteller may rule that your
failure is sufficiently complete that you can't start over.
In other cases, you may face a time limit. For instance,
perhaps you not only need to shake your pursuers, but
you must reach your destination by a certain time — so

the Storyteller gives you a limited number of turns in
which to escape pursuit. In all cases, the Storyteller has
final say over which tasks require extended actions.

RESISTED RCTIONS

When two characters oppose each other, a simple
difficulty number might not adequately represent their
contest. Think of a tug-of-war game: Who wins depends
on the strength of both sides. In such cases, you can
make a resisted roll. Each player rolls dice against a
difficulty often determined by one of the opponent's
Traits. The person who scores the most succe:

es wins
the contest.

Itisn't the total number of successes that determines
the degree of your victory, however; it's the number by
which you exceed your opponent's successes. Each suc-
cess rolled by your opponent cancels out one of your
own, just like "1s" do. So, if you score four successes and
your opponent scores three, you win by one net success
—a marginal victory. It's difficult to achieve outstand-
ing success in a resisted action unless one person vastly

exceeds the other's competence. Even if your opponent
cannot beat you outright, he can often diminish your
effort's results.

Some actions, like car chases, lengthy debates or
riddle contests, may be both extended and resisted. In
such cases, one or the other of the opponents must
accumulate a certain number of net successes to win the
contest; for instance, five or ten more successes than
your opponent.

TEAMWORH

Under some circumstances, characters can work to-
gether on a problem. For instance, more than one person
might translate a book or work on repairing a car. If the
Storyteller decides that teamwork is possible for the task in
question, two or more characters can roll separately and
add their successes together. They can never combine their
Traits into one big dice pool, though.

Not every situation allows teamwork. For instance,
two characters trying to seduce the same person are not
better than one. One person's botch may also spoil the
entire effort. For breaking down a door, searching for a

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

EXAMPLE OF
RESISTED ACTION

Holofernes finds the art smuggler who sold the
mask and discovers the relic was one of a pair. He slugs
the dealer, grabs the mask and jumps in his car. The
smuggler and his mooks drive after him, determined to
shoot him or force him off the road

The Storyteller decides the car chase calls for a resisted
action between Holofernes and the smuggler: A Dexterity
+ Drive roll, with the opposing character's Dexterity +
Drive total.as the difficulty. Holofemeshas Dexterity 4 and
Drive 2 (total of 6). The smuggler has Dexterity 3 and

e 4 (total of 7). Thus, Holofernes' player, Pat, rolls
Odice against difficulty 7 while the Storyteller, representing
the smuggler, rolls 7 dice against difficulty 6 (Holofernes'
total). The dice love Pat today: They come up 2, 3, 3,7
7,9 for Pat (three successes) compared to 1, 1, 4

, 8:(one success —note the "1s") for the smuggler. Pat
rolls two more successes than the Storyteller did, so
Holofernes escapes.

If the Storyteller wanted to draw out the chase, she
could demand an extended and resisted action. In this
case, Pat and the Storyteller would roll — enlivened by
descriptions of squealing tires, sharp turns, racing through
red lights and various stunts — until one or the other
botches or accumulates five net successes. A victory for
Holofernes means he escapes with the mask; a victory
for the smuggler means he forces Holofernes off the
road; and a botch might mean an accident or police
involvement. Here the contest leans more toward the
smuggler, since he has the higher dice pool and the lower

Pat had better think of some clever stratagem
for Holofernes, or spend Willpower points, to ensure
the Banshee succeeds in his task.

missing person or tossing an apartment in search of
clues, though, combining efforts can work very well.

ample: Holofemnes and Berkeley want to rescue little
Cynthia from a locked room. They can walk through walls,
but she can't — she's alive. The two Orpheus operatives
don't have a key, so they try breaking down the door. Their
players both make Strength rolls (no Abilities really apply) ;
both characters have Strength 2. The Storyteller says they
need 3 successes ona single attempt to break the stout wooden
door. Holofernes and Berkely both slam into the door at
once. If one player scores two successes while the other scores

one, the two agents smash open the locked door.

THE GOLDEN RULE

This is the big one, bigger even than the rules for
rolling dice: Use the rules you want, torun the game you want.


The wiles for Orpheus are not some great, abstract system
that you must obey in every detail. They are merely tools.
As Storyteller, you have the right to pick the right tool for
the job at hand. Suppose, for instance, that you and your
players enjoy classic mysteries in the Agatha Christie
model, in which the characters gather clues, talk tosuspects
and witnesses and try solving a crime through logic and
insight. The characters use their ghostly powers chiefly as
away to investigate. Such a game could be almost dicele:
At the other extreme, a game about ghostly
who battle murderous gangs of criminals or terrorists,
rescue hostages and save people from crazed and evil ghosts
might run like a war game, with the dice as ever-present
arbiters of success or failure.

Youcan also change rules if they impede your game. If
you think ghosts should have different powers, or their
Traits should work differently, go ahead and change them.
While we certainly hope you find every word of this book
useful for your game, it's a Storyteller's privilege to tinker
with the rules and the setting. Just be sure to discuss changes
to the rules with your players, in advance, so that everyone
operates on the same assumptions.

The Golden Rule includes a smaller-scale applic:
tion that you should also discuss with your players: Ask
them if they want you to fudge dice rolls for the sake of
the plot. Sometimes you may want to ensure that char-
acters find a particular clue — or lose a particular fight.
Some players don't mind this, as long as they are sure the
Storyteller doesn't screw them over just to be nasty or
turn the players' characters into puppets of his own will.
Other players insist that the verdict of the dice is final
and if a lucky roll spoils a plot — whether by giving the
characters an unexpectedly easy victory or an improb-
able failure — then so be it.

Inthesamespirit, ask players if they mind if you change
your plot to make a cooler story, or if they want you to
design a predefined set of challenges. Players often specu-
late about what's happening. Their ideas may be so clever
and cool that you like them more than what you planned
yourself. Should you change your plot to incorporate such
ideas, or prove the players wrong no matter how good a
story it would make? Again, players differ in their opinions.
Some think that anything is justified if it makes a fun story,
while others feel that the Storyteller should remain a
neutral arbiter of an objective world. They'd rather waste
time on blind alleys or fail outright than suspect the
Storyteller helped them succeed.

TRY IT OUT

There you have the core rule system of Orpheus.
Everything else is just elaboration on how to apply those
rules in particular cases. Now try them out with dice rolls
for some typical situations.

ecret agents

ORPHEUS

simple action inacombat situation. Two
thugs corner Holofernes in an alley and he wants to shoot
one of them with his Glock 17 pistol. The thug is at short
range, so the difficulty to hit him is 6 (see later in thi:
chapter for more details on combat). Take three dice for
Holofernes' Dexterity of 3, and two for his Firearms Skill of
2. You have five dice in your dice pool — not great, but
good. Now roll. Count your successes, but remember to
take away a success for every "1" you rolled. Are there any
successes left? Did you botch? The more successes you roll,
the more effective the shot is, and the greater the chance
that the thug falls or runs away instead of returning fire.

Nowtryan extended and resisted action. Holofernes
and the shady financier Willem van Sinz both try
seducing the international supermodel Velvet Peakes at
a party in Monte Carlo (the Storyteller is on a James
Bond kick). This requires a variety of rolls involving
different Traits and difficulties. The lovely Miss Peakes
leaves the party on the arm of whichever character
accumulates five net successes. This requires an indefi-
nite series of rolls. We give Holofernes and van Sinz
these Traits:

Holofernes: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appear-
ance 3, Empathy 2, Etiquette 3, Subterfuge 4.

Van Sinz: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance

2, Empathy 2, Etiquette 4, Subterfuge 3

¢ First roll (approach/opening remarks): Each player
rolls Appearance + Subterfuge against a difficulty of
Velvet's Wits + Empathy. A failure indicates that Vel-
vet spots the come-on and doesn't like it; a botch means
a drink in the face and that rolls for the other character
are no longer opposed. Holofernes' player has a dice pool
of 7, van Sinz of 5, and difficulty 6 for both.

© Second roll (charm and taste): As Holofernes and
van Sinz both try impressing Velvet with their savoir-
faire, each player rolls Charisma + Etiquette ata difficulty
of the other characters' dice pool. This gives Holofernes'
playera dice pool of 6 at difficulty 7, and van Sinz's a dice
pool of 7 at difficulty 6.

¢ Third roll and any subsequent ones (flirting,
dancing and cutting out the other guy): While Velvet
trades dances between the two characters, both players
roll Manipulation + Empathy, with the opponent's
Charisma + Subterfuge as the difficulty. Holofernes has
adice pool of 4 (difficulty 6) and van Sinz has a dice pool
of 6 (difficulty 7).

Try it out a few times and see who wins more often
— Holofernes or van Sinz?

EXAMPLES OF ROLLS
Between nine Attributes and 36 Abilities, you can

make 324 different dice pools — and that's not even

including Backgrounds, Virtues and additional Abili-


ties that you define yourself. Admittedly, it's
imagine what combinations like Appearance + Tech-
nology or Strength + Linguistics would mean, but you
can find Trait combinations and dice rolls to simulate an
enormous range of possible actions. These examples of
rolls can give youan idea of some possibilities that might
arise in the course of a game.

You get in a macho contest, squeezing hard while
shaking hands to see who winces and lets go first. Both
characters roll Strength + Intimidation (difficulty of the
other character's Strength + 3) for a resisted action.

© You jump for the fire escape, your only possible
retreat from the pursuing Death Merchants. Roll Strength
+ Athletics to reach the fire escape and pull yourself up.

© Anenormous boulder blocks the entrance to the
ave, but perhaps you can lever it away. Roll Strength +

Ca
Science (difficulty 6) to find a good leverage point.

* You're in a knife fight with a gangbanger. Roll
Dexterity + Melee to attack.

¢ Can you palm that strange medallion from Lord
Wensleydale's collection without him noticing? Roll
Dexterity + Subterfuge to find out.

¢ You try picking a lock with the proverbial hairpin
— but it's a very good lock. Roll Dexterity + Security
(difficulty 8).

¢ You need to learn the names and appearances of
all the major Tibetan demons within 24 hours. Fortu-
nately, the local university has a large collection of
Tibetan religious lore. Roll Stamina + Academics to
read it all, stay awake and remember it later.

* Agents from Terrel and Squib capture you and use
"truth drugs" in their attempt to squeeze Orpheus trade
secrets from you. Pit your Stamina + Meditation against
the interrogator's Manipulation + Medicine in this
extended and resisted action. The first character to
accumulate five net successes wins the contest.

© Safety is just three miles away... but it's cold, so
cold. Can you reach shelter before you freeze and be-
come a ghost permanently? Roll Stamina + Survival
(difficulty 7) three times in hopes of accumulating five
successes, while each failed roll means the difficulty rises
by one.

¢ Breaking into old Professor McCready's house
would be easy if it weren't for his pit bull, and as an
animal-lover you don't want to kill it. Roll Charisma +
Animal Ken (difficulty 7) once per day as an extended
action. The dog accepts you as a friend once you a
mulate ten successes.

¢ Even after you increase the drone's Vitality, it's
hard to pry a straight answer from him — but in life,
he knew the information you need now. Keeping the
feeble ghost focused and friendly requires a Charisma
+ Empathy roll.

cue

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

¢ "Who, me, officer? I was just walking by, minding
my own business..." Roll Charisma + Subterfuge to
convince the cop you're an innocent bystander.

© That mook knows more than he's telling, but you
think you can catch him in his lies and browbeat him into
telling the truth. This calls for an extended and resisted
action, your Manipulation + Investigation against the
mook's Wits + Subterfuge. If you accumulate five net
s, the mook breaks; if he accumulates five net
es, he convinces you he "don't know nuthin'."

© The city clerk says the records you seek are
confidential. Roll Manipulation + Law to convince him
you have a right to see them.

¢ The blips who captured you cling toa crazed, evil,
but incredibly vital and charismatic ghost. Can you
inspire one of them to break free and help you escape?
Roll Manipulation + Leadership (difficulty 8).

¢ You know the manat the hotel bar is an off-duty
Death Merchant. If your look and manner put him at
ease, maybe you can learn something. Roll Appear-
ance + Subterfuge to socialize without revealing your
own secrets.

© How did your crucible talk you into appearing in
awet T-shirt contest? And why? Oh, well. Roll Appear-
ance + Performance to put ona good show for the crowd.

The trail of clues leads you toa punk club. Can you
assemble the right clothes, accessories and even man-
ners to help you fit in? Roll Appearance + Streetwise.

© Romantic artist and poet William Blake drew
portraits of angels, ghosts and spirits. Is this Blake
print real, and therefore of interest to Orpheus, or is
ita forgery? Roll Perception + Academics to judge its
authenticity.

© While watching the city council meeting as an
unseen spook, you try mapping the currents of power
and deference. Roll Perception + Politi

© That crackpot's ghost trap really works! Too bad
you're in it. Can you figure out how to break the machine
from the inside? Roll Perception + Technology (difficulty 8).

© The leaders of the cult write their missives in code.
Roll Intelligence + Enigmas as an extended action, one roll
per day of effort. Five successes mean you break the code.

© Orpheus' management hopes you have a very
good reason for "borrowing" the company helicopter.
You know, the one that you wrecked. Roll Intelligence
+ Expression (difficulty 8) to justify your actions.

© It's awfully suspicious how sick your informant
became right before your meeting. Roll Intelligence +
Medicine (difficulty 6) to recognize a poisoning.

* Sure, the World Wide Web holds amazing stores
of obscure information. .. but can you find it amid all the
irrelevant dreck? Roll Wits + Computer to arrive at a
good search strategy.


© Lord Wensleydale's quip has everyone laughing at
your expense. Roll Wits + Etiquette to make a suitably
clever rejoinder that turns the tables on His Lordship.

¢ What the hell are those crazy cultists talking
about? Oh well, as long as you can make them think you
understand.... Roll Wits + Occult to answer their gib-
berish with plausible gibberish of your own.

GAMETERMS

Players and Storytellers must know these terms to
understand many of this game's rules. They describe the
mechanics of the Storyteller System. For the special
jargon unique to Orpheus characters, see the Lexicon
(p. 18).

¢ Ability: These Traits describe specific areas of
training, education or practice, rather than the intrinsic
strengths and weaknesses of a character's body or psychol-
ogy. Typical Abilities include Athletics, Law and Stealth.

¢ Action: An action isa consciously willed deed —
anything from throwing a punch to fast-talking a secu-
rity guard. When a playersaysa character does something,
the character takes an action.

© Advantage: A miscellaneous category of Traits
that includes character Backgrounds and Horrors.

¢ Attribute: These Traits represent a character's
raw competence — or lack of competence —at pursuing
matters. Characters have three Physical Attributes
(Strength, Dexterity and Stamina) to represent what
they can do with their bodies; three Mental Attributes
(Perception, Intelligence and Wits) to represent what
they can do with their minds; and three Social Attributes
(Charisma, Manipulation and Appearance) to repre-
sent how well they interact with others.

© Background: Most of these Traits represent a
character's social connections, possessions and privileges.
Unlike most other Traits, Backgrounds can rise and fall

asily. Examples include Allies, Artifact and Wealth.
* Botch: A dis failure, indicated by rolling
one or more "Is" and no successes.

Sstrou

© Character: Each player creates a made-up person
whom he roleplays ina chronicle. Although "character"
could mean any of the made-up people in an Orpheus
game, we usually mean the players' characters. Other
alled supporting characters.

characters are

© Chronicle: A linked series of stories about a set of
characters. Some characters may leave the chronicle
because they die or quit, and new characters join; some
characters, plots and situations connect the new stories
to previous game sessions.

* Dice Pool: The number of dice you roll to dis-
cover whether a character succeeds at an action or not.
The number of dice in a pool is based on a Trait rating,
or the sum of two Trait ratings.

ORPHEUS

* Difficulty: A number from 2 to 10 describing how
hard a task is to accomplish. For a character to succeed
inachallenging action, the player must roll that number
or higher on at least one die in his dice pool.

* Downtime: The time spent between scenes. This
usually involves routine activities like traveling, prepar-
ng equipment or characters spending time with their
families. Although characters can pursue actions during
downtime, the players and Storyteller handle downtime
through quick questions, instructions and descriptions
instead of roleplaying.

© Experience Points: Points your Storyteller gives
your character after each story. These represent how
characters become more competent through practice.
Youcan spend Experience Points to raise your character's
Traits or add new Traits.

¢ Extended Action: An action requiring a certain
number of successes, accumulated through multiple dice
rolls over multiple turns, for the character to succeed at
the task.

¢ Failure: A die that rolls a number less than a task's
difficulty rating. Also, the result of a dice roll in which
no successes appear, but neither are there any "1s" to
create a botch. This means your character simply fails at
a task.

© Health: This Trait measures how much damage a
living character or skimmer has taken. The more inju-
ries a character suffers, the lower her Health score drops.

* Points: The temporary score of a Trait like Will-
poweror Vitality. The Orpheus character sheet indicates
Trait points through squares. Some actions involve the
character expending points of a Trait.

© Rating: The permanent value of a Trait. This is
usually a number from | to 5, but some Traits are rated
from 1 to 10. The Orpheus character sheet indicates
Trait ratings through circles.

© Reflexive: Some situations involve the player
rolling dice, but the character not actually taking an
action. Examples include soak rolls and Willpower rolls

to resist mind control.

¢ Resisted Action: An action in which two charac-
ters pit their Traits against each other. Both players
compare their number of su es rolled. Whoever has
more successes wins.

© Scene: A single episode within a story, in which
actions and events take place. Scenes usually happen in
a small area and over a brief period of time.

© Score: The temporary value of a Trait or combi-
nation of Traits used in a single dice roll.

Simple Action: A task requiring the player to roll
just one success for the character to win, though more
successes indicate a greater degree of accomplishment.


© Spite: A Trait measuring a character's fear, anger,
self-loathing and other destructive emotions. Calling upon
this powerful psychic force carries dangers for characters.

© Story: A series of
counter a situation, react to it and reach some sort of
resolution. A story usually occupies at least one game
session.

© Storyteller: The person who plays the roles of all
supporting characters (those not created by the players)
and determines all events beyond the control of the
players and their characters. The Storyteller creates the
initial situation of a story and the settings in which the
characters act, but the players and the Storyteller to-
gether are involved in how the story develops.

© Success: A die roll that yields a number greater
than or equal to a difficulty rating. If a die roll includes
at least one success, the character succeeds at a task.

enes in which characters en-

© System: A standardized set of rules explaining
what dice to roll in a particular situation and how to
interpret the result.

© Trait: Any aspect of a character that can be
represented as a number or some other game mechanic.
Attributes and Abilities are Traits; so is a character's
Nature. How a character talks is not a Trait, even
though it may be quite important.

© Troupe: The group of players, including the
Storyteller, who play Orpheus.

© Turn: The smallest unit of dramatic action in
Orpheus; the time it takes a character to perform one
discrete task.

© Vitality: A Trait measuring a character's strength
of being, will to live and emotional connection to other
beings. It fuels most of a ghost's or projected entity's
supernatural powers.

* Willpower: A measure of a character's self-confi-
dence, internal control and drive to succeed. Unlike
most Traits, Willpower is expended as well as rolled.

DRAMATIC
SYsTems

The actions and interactions of the main characters
— in this case, the crucible — are the meat and drink of
any good story. They feed it, sustain it and help it grow
until it adopts a life of its own. The Storyteller's job is
providing a stage upon which the characters can act,
guiding the characters through their scenes and describ-
ing the imaginary consequences of their actions. The
last of these duties relies heavily on whether the charac-
ters succeed or fail.

Dramatic systems simplify this job by providing
tules for several common activities. In general, when a
character attempts to accomplish a task, he simply rolls

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

Ability [Attribute + Ability], as determined by the
Storyteller. Further, if the action falls under one of the
character's specialties, he may roll an extra die for each
"10" rolled on the initial roll, as well as any "10s" on
subsequent rolls.

The systems below are by no means exhaustive.
That said, the information herein provides a solid foun-
dation upon which you can base your decisions when
your players throw you a curve. Many of these systems
also resolve over the course of several turns, and require
multiple actions during that time. Player characters may
attempt some again if the first try fails, though further
efforts may incur a difficulty penalty, as per the
Storyteller's judgment.

RAUTOMATICF EATS

Like reflexives, automatic feats don't require dice
rolls. They do cost your character an action, however.
They take time and attention to perform successfully
and quickly. Under normal circumstances, these feats
are simple enough that no roll is required, as success is
automatic.

© Getting to Your Feet: Characters may rise from
a prone or seated position, provided they are not hin-
dered from doing so. In combat — or any other situation

where it matters — this requires one full action and
takes the character's turn. The character may attempt a
second action at the same time, though the multiple-
action tule is in force: Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty
4) to stand successfully.

© Manifesting: The characters may manifest to the
living and "disperse" back to incorporeal and invisible,
but both transitions require concentration to accom-
plish (whether to invest Vitality and appear or to slip
back outside human perception). Characters using this
technique while dodging incoming attacks may apply
the multiple-action rule, with a simple Willpower roll
(difficulty 7) to manifest or disperse.

© Movement: Characters may walk, jog or run.
When walking, a character moves seven yards
turn. Jogging increases this pace to (12 + Dexterity)
yards per turn, whereas running increases it to (20 + [3
x Dexterity]) yards per turn.

Any character may move up to half his maximum
running speed and still take another action in the same
turn. This is not considered a multiple action, but the
Storyteller may assign a penalty to the second action's
difficulty number or to the character's dice pool. Con-
versely, a character attempting a second action while
running (like diving for cover while firing his pistol)
suffers a-1 penalty to his dice pool for each yard covered.

As discussed previously (see Health, p. 200, 233),
injured characters may not move at maximum speed.

in one


¢ Projecting for Skimmers: If a skimmer posses
Meditation Skill, he can project within a single turn;
otherwise, he requires a full minute to project. In emer-
gency cases where the skimmer is trying to project ina turn
without Meditation or he's using multiple actions with
Meditation, the player must succeed at a Willpower roll
(difficulty 8) as part of the multiple-actions rule.

© Readyinga Weapon: Readyinga weapon, whether
the character draws it for the first time or reloads it,
requires a full action. Generally, this requires no roll,
though certain circumstances (like attempting a simul-
taneous action) may require it. In these instances, the
Storyteller may assign a dice pool reduction for the other
action. Alternatively, she may require you to roll Dex-
terity + Melee or Firearms (difficulty 4) to ready the
weapon. In particularly stressful situations, both the
reduction and the roll might apply.

¢ Starting a Car: Under normal conditions, start-
ing a car requires an action, but no roll. Of course, if a
character is frightened, rushed or otherwise distracted,
the Storyteller may ask fora Wits + Drive roll (difficulty
4), if only to ensure he doesn't drop his keys or worse,
flood the engine. Naturally, hot-wiring a car is tougher,
requiring a Perception + Technology (difficulty 7) roll.

* Using Benefits: While Benefits do not need a
dice roll on either the donor's or beneficiary's part, they
do occupy a full action, prohibiting the character from
pursuing multiple actions during that turn. In essence,
donating a Benefit requires the donor's full attention.

¢ Yielding: The Initiative rules decide whether you
act first ina given situation (p. 226), but do not force you
to. You may yield your turn to a character or characters
following you in Initiative order, and so act once the
characters you've yielded to complete their actions. If
everyone yields during a turn, no one does anything and
play proceeds to the next turn.

PHYSICAL FEARTS

These systems encompass actions revolving around
the three physical Attributes (Strength, Dexterity and
Stamina), and usually require a roll.

* Climbing [Dexterity + Athletics]: When your
character climbs an inclined surface (ranging from a
steep slope to the face of a building), roll Dexterity +
Athletics. Unless the character is covering a very short
distance, this is an extended roll. An average climb with
sturdy handholds and minimal complications allows the
character to move 10 feet for every suc At the
Storyteller's discretion, the character may increase or
decrease his climb speed, thus costing the player a
penalty of one to the difficulty to move 15 feet per
success or granting her a bonus of one to move five feet
per success. The base difficulty is modified by several

ORPHEUS

factors, including the number of handholds, smoothness
of the surface and even the weather. The extended
action lasts until you've gained enough successes to
reach the desired height. Botchinga climbing roll means
your character may slip, become stuck or even fall.

Finally, appropriate gear (like rock-climbing gear or
a rope) can lower the difficulty on a Climbing roll, per
the Storyteller's judgment. Further, certain Horrors
(like Juggernaut) may lower the difficulty in the same
way or even obviate the need for a roll entirely.

© Driving [Dexterity/Wits + Drive]: Storytellers
may assume that all adult characters can drive an auto-
matic transmission car in normal traffic, though driving
a standard requires a minimum of one dot in Drive. Ifa
character is simply driving from point A to point B, the
Storyteller may forgo rolls, though bad weather, high
speed, obstacles and complex maneuvers all conspire to
increase the difficulty, thereby incurring a roll.

This roll's difficulty increases as conditions deterio-
rate. Heavy rain, for example, might increase the difficulty
by one, it may rise by two under icy conditions. These
modifiers are cumulative, so driving ona flat tire (add one
to difficulty) in heavy traffic (add one to difficulty) means
atotal difficulty modifier of two. Driving long distances (or
even short distances in particularly rough conditions) may
require an extended roll, whereas attempting to elude
pursuit is a contested (and usually extended) roll.

Ifthe player fails a Drive roll, the car's passengers are in
trouble. The player must make a second roll (Wits + Drive)
to determine whether the vehicle crashes or simply spins
outof control. In the former case, each passenger suffers two
dice of bashing damage, plus an additional die of bashing
damage for each 10 mph the car was traveling over the
vehicle's safe speed (which varies).

If the vehicle spins out of control, any Drive roll for
that vehicle in the following turn suffers a penalty of three
to the difficulty modifier (in addition to any other modifi-
ers). Alternately, the driver may stop the vehicle and wait
a turn before continuing and suffer no further penalties.

Finally, a botch on this roll means a major catastro-
phe occurs; perhaps the axle breaks, or the brakes fail or
traffic conspires against the characters. Regardless, a
major collision occurs. Characters in the vehicle suffer
damage as indicated previous!
lethal rather than bashing.

* Encumbrance [Strength]: Too often, the maxim
"the right tool for the right job," becomes "Every tool for the
right job." Although characters should be prepared, it's
simply impossible to carry everything one might need for
every eventuality. Often, Storytellers can (and should)
ignore these rules without a problem, though if the charac-
ters pack everything they own every time they leave the
house, it's time to make their lives difficult.

, except the damage is


VEHICLE TYPES

Different vehicles have different characteris-
tics. This chart details several common vehicle
types acharacter may attempt to drive. For every 10
mph over the safe speed, increase the Drive roll's
difficulty by one. As discussed under Driving, the
toad's conditions and vehicle in question may
further modify the difficulty.

The Maneuver column dictates the maximum
number'ofdice you may have in your dice pool for
a character in control of the vehicle indicated.
This represents the vehicle's limits. The best driver
in the world won't win a stoc witha tank.
Vehicle Safe

Speed

Bus 60 100 3
18-Wheeler, 70 100 4
6-Wheel Truck ao 9 3
4

3

car rac
Max
Speed

Maneuver

Tank (modem) 60 100
Tank (WWII) 30 «40
Carnpace 7 130
Sporty Compact 100 . 140
Sedan i) 120
Luxury Sedan 85 155
70 115
125
120
150
160
240

Sports Car
Formula-One Racer

A character can carry 25 pounds per dot of Strength
he possesses without penalty. Should he exceed this
total, every physical action the character attempts adds
one to the difficulty due to the added weight. Further, for
every 25 pounds in excess of the character's weight
allowance, his base movement is halved (rounding
down). Characters carrying twice their weight allow-
ance can't move at all.

Weight notwithstanding, some objects are simply
A character
toting around a couple of wicker chairs might not exceed
his weight allowance, but his movement should still
suffer. As usual, this is the Storyteller's call

* Intrusion [Dexterity/Perception + Security]: In-
trusion includes both bypassing someone's electronic and

too awkward to carry any great distance.

mechanical security measures and preventing intruders
from circumventing your own. Possible actions include
evading or installing detection devices (cameras, motion

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

detectors and the like), cracking or concealing safes, and
picking or designing the perfect lock.

To breach someone's security, the character must
succeed at his first attempt if an active security system is
present. Failure means a camera recorded his presence,
he set off an alarm or he activated automatic defense
systems — possibly all three. Provided no such measures
are in place (as when attempting to pick a padlock on a
condemned building), the character may continue try-

ing. The difficulty on an Intrusion roll ranges from 5 to
9, depending on the impregnability of the location: an
abandoned warehouse is easier to break into than the
White House. Certain rolls may require a minimum
number of dots (usually one and no more than three) in
the Security skill, along with tools appropriate to the
task. Ona botch, the character bungles the attempt and
lands in hot water immediately — guards arrive, the
facility locks down, etc

When attempting to install a security system, the
player need make only a single roll. The difficulty of all
attempts to bypass your security measures is equal to 6 +
the number of successes you rolled in installing the
system. If the player botches the installation of the
security devices, then intruders require no roll to pen-
The padlock didn't close, the motion
sensors never engaged or the cameras weren't recording.

¢ Jumping [Strength, or Strength + Athletics for
arunning jump]: Characters can attempt a simple jump
roll against difficulty 3. Characters leap two feet verti-
cally or four feet horizontally for each success. If the

etrate the are:

distance leaped doesn't carry the character to his desti-
nation, he fails the attempt and falls short. Often, this
isn't a problem, but if the character is leaping from
rooftop to rooftop, he's in trouble. On a failure, the
character may attempt a Dexterity + Athletics roll (or
Wits + Athletics; usually difficulty 6) to snag a ledge or
other handhold, and prevent himself from falling. A
botch, however, means the character falls. Depending
on the height of the fall and the surface on which the
character lands, he may be seriously injured or even die.

Prior to any jump roll, the character may try gauging
the distance he's attempting to leap. A successful Percep-
tion + Athletics roll (difficulty 6) accurately determines
the number of successes required for the jump.

¢ Lifting/Breaking [Strength]: Under the right
conditions, people are capable of strength feats above
and beyond their normal capacity. A character's Strength
dictates what he may lift or break, as indicated on the
table below. If the Storyteller feels the character has
enough adrenaline, drugs or sheer determination to gain

a little extra "oomph," however, he may ask for a
Willpowe

the character's strength for this action only (for ex-

oll, difficulty 9. Each success adds one dot to


tended actions, the character must make this roll each
turn during which he attempts to lift an object).

That said, the human body can only sustain so much
abuse. Bones break before a cinder block wall does. The
more difficult feats on the chart below assume the use of a
bluntobjector lever ofsome sort, likea hammer or crowbar.

If the character fails the action, nothing happens.
He simply cannot lift or break the object in question. On
a botch, the character suffers damage thanks to strained
muscles, a broken bone or simply dropping the object on
his toes. When attempting to lift an obj
character, the pinned victim might suffer the additional

t off another

damage instead.
Several characters can work together to lift or break
an object. Individual players roll separately, per the

Teamwork rules (p. 213) and combine their successes.

Their combined Strength scores determine their capa-
bilities without considering the Willpower rolls. That
said, the target object must be of sufficient size for more
than one character to contribute; this is not an issue
when lifting heavy objects since they are generally large.
Only one character, however, may attempt to tear free
a steel rivet (for example).

Lift

40 lbs.
100 lbs.
250 lbs.
400 Ibs.
650 lbs.
800 Ibs.
900 Ibs.
1,000 Ibs.
a cement wall 1,200 Ibs.
1,500 lbs.
2,000 lbs.
3,000 Ibs.
4,000 Ibs.
5,000 Ibs.
6,000 Ibs.

Strength Feat
Break a window
Break a wooden chair
Break-open a wooden crate
Snap a 2-by-4 board
Bend open steel chain links
Break a steel fence
‘Overturn a small car
Bend steel bars
Break througl
ar free steel rivets
Bend 1" sheet metal
Break-a metal lamp post
Overturn a station wagon
Overturn a van
erturn a truck

© Opening/Closing [Strength]: To break down a
door requires a Strength roll (difficulty 6 to 8, depending
on the door's sturdiness). Standard, locked wooden
doors need only a single success to force open or slam
as 10
es, however, while a vault door may require as

shut. A reinforced door may call for as many

suce!
many as 20. If the door requires several attempts to
batter down, the Storyteller can rule this an extended
action with the character slamming into the door re-
peatedly until it breaks. If another character is holding
the door closed (or forcing it open while you're trying to

ORPHEUS

keep it shut), this is a contested roll. A botch may cause
a health level of bashing damage when the character
s hi
ing further attempts as "too tough").

bru oulder, or he can simply give up (disallow-

As with most actions, teamwork helps (though
Storytellers should keep the size of the door in mind: No
more than two characters can attempt to force open a
standard door, while a large vault door allows several
characters access). Particularly sturdy doors might re-
quire a minimum Strength score to even dent (see the
Lifting/Breaking chart for examples). This system ap-
plie:
or closed, including not only doors, but locked cabinets,

any time acharacter attempts to force a portal open

boarded windows or jammed manhole covers.
¢ Pursuit [Dexterity + Athletics/Drive]
nage and horror stories commonly feature chase scenes,

spio-

so the Storyteller should expect some to pop up in his
own stories. If the participants have radically different
movement values, the chase likely ends before it begins.
Occasionally, however, the situation at hand tips the
equation one way or the other, anda far slower character

ma ape (or catch) one who is ordinarily much faster.

The most obvious example of this is a ghost pursuing a
human; after all, it's difficult to escape someone who
simply passes through walls and other obstacle

A basic pursuit is an extended action, wherein both
sides roll over the course of several turns to determine
who accumulates a pre-determined number of succe

es
first. In this case, the victor either escapes or catches his
quarry, depending upon which side of the chase he was
on. In such chases, the prey receives several free suc-
cesses at the beginning of the chase, determined by the
length of his head start. On foot, the character receives
one success for every two yards he begins the chase in

{vance; in a car or other vehicle, this becomes one

quccese farevery teniyarda: When a ghosvar projected
entity pursues a human (or, somewhat more unusually,
vice versa), the Storyteller should remember that spooks
do not tire, while humans become fatigued and winded.

Once the pursued character (or "rabbit") accu-
mulates the requisite successes for escape, the pursuer
(or "hound") should make a Wits + Perception roll
(difficulty 6 + the number of successes beyond the
target number of dice the pursued character achieved).
If the pursuer's player fails this roll, the quarry escapes
in a crowd, ducks down a side street or loses his
pursuer in a maze of corridors and side passages. If the
+ botches the roll, not only does the

pursuer's ple
rabbit escape, but the pursuer may not find him again
in that locale — he's simply hidden himself too well.
If, on the other hand, the rabbit botches any of his
pursuit rolls, he rounds a corner only to face a dead
end, or perhaps he simply trips and falls. Either way,
the hound catches him.

© Shadowing [Dexterity + Stealth/Drive]: Shad-
owing is the fine art of tailing someone so as not to be
spotted, yet keeping the target in sight. This system
works for targets oblivious to the hound and those
actively trying to lose their new shadow.

Storytellers can handle this system ina variety of ways,
depending on the situation. The Storyteller can call for a
resisted action and ask fora roll with the difficulty based on
the target's Perception + Alertness, to remain out of sight.

Alternatively, the Storyteller may ask for the same roll, but
with a difficulty based on the target's Dexterity + Stealth or
Drive, ifthe rabbit suspects he's being followed. Stalkerand
victim should both roll, and whoever's player scores more

successes is the victor, as usual. A tie indicates the hound

remains undetected.

A shadowing action may also be an extended ac-
tion, drawing the cat-and-mouse game out over several
turns. To make the roll quick and simple, the Storyteller
simply assigns a base difficulty of six (modified by the
environment as normal), rather than basing the diffi-
culty upon the opponent's dice pool. In such cases, the
quarry must score at least one more success than his
shadow tospot the stalker. Hounds who trained together
may have their rolls combined into one success total

through teamwork.
© Sneaking [Dexterity + Stealth]: Projector agents
often consider stealth their foremost concern. Even
ghosts and projecting entities, however, cannot simply
remain invisible (barring certain Horrors and Stains) if
confronting another element of the supernatural. Re-
gardless, when a character sneaks, hides or otherwise
conceals his presence, roll Dexterity + Stealth as a
resisted action against Perception + Alertness rolls for
anyone in the area who has a chance of spotting him.
The difficulty on both rolls is 6, though darkness, back-
ground noise and similar concerns may modify one or
both difficulties appropriately. Lack of cover, high tech
surveillance gear and the like modify the Stealth diffi-
culty, while darkness or crowds modify the spotter's
difficulty. If the sneaking character fails, he isn't auto-
matically discovered, though the opposition gains a
bonus to subsequent rolls to locate him (indicated by
lowering the difficulty to spot him, or by alerting others
of his presence without divulging his location). On a
botch, however, the character may round a corner and
stumble right into the arms of a guard detachment.

¢ Swimming [Stamina + Athletics]: A character
must have one dot in Athletics to know how to swim, or
he sinks like a stone. Short swims require no roll, while
long distance or duration swims do need rolls. Such an
attempt is an extended action, the difficulty modified by
the character's pace, the weather and rough waters. The
Storyteller may require several rolls to reach the destina-
tion (or to stay afloat for the time period attempted); if

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM


any of these fail, the character may falter (suffering
drowning damage) and the player lose some of his
accumulated successes or have to make additional rolls.
The character may thus have been caught in a rip tide,
tangled in seaweed or inhale a mouthful of water. Ona
botch, worse trouble arises: The character's leg cramps,
ashark decides he makes a tasty meal or he simply passes
out from exertion and begins drowning.

¢ Throwing [Dexterity + Athletics]: When a
character attempts to throw an object, whether at a
stationary target or otherwise, distance and accuracy
determine whether the target is struck. A character may
throw any object of three pounds or less up to a distance
equal to his (Strength x 5) yards. For every two pounds
over three, the overall distance drops by five yards. If the
character picks up an object, but the possible throwing
distance is zero yards or less, he simply dumps it to one

side; it cannot be hurled.

The Storyteller may reduce or increase throwing
distances based on the object in question — the charac-
ter can throw a baseball much more readily than a lamp,
for example. To throw an object, roll Dexterity + Ath-
letics against a difficulty of 6 (if the target is within half
the maximum range) or 7 (if the target is between half
and maximum range). Crosswinds, small targets or dis-
traction may further modify the difficulty. On a botch,
the character might strike an innocent bys

ander or

herself, or the target might catch the projectile.

nENTReLFEARTS

These systems govern tasks involving the three
Mental Attributes (Perception, Intelligence and Wits).
Dice rolls related to these Attributes sometimes include
Willpower, as well. As always, difficulties vary based on
the situation.

* Hacking [Intelligence/Wits + Computer]: Com-
puters are valuable tools for any modern organization. In
Orpheus' business — often the business of intelligence
gathering and dissemination — they are indispensable.
For a character to hack into a computer, he must roll
Intelligence or Wits (depending on the time allowed for
the attempt) + Computers against a difficulty based on
the complexity of the target system, as well as the
security measures protecting it. Standard systems, like
home PCs or low level office computers, incur a diffi-
culty of 6, while systems belonging to the military or
high level business personnel may drive the difficulty as
high as 10. The number of successes achieved dictates
the number of dice the character may use while interact-
ing with the hacked

tem.
Ifanother user (or the system itself) is actively blocking
both sides roll for resisted actions. The participant
s the most successes wins. On a botch, the

tion, or he might have left telltale "hacker fingerprints,"
allowing investigators to identify his handiwork.

While some systems allow for remote access (and
therefore, remote hacking), many computers are simply
not wired for outside access, or are protected by a
firewall. In the latter case, the difficulty of the hack
increases, perhaps by one or two, unless the character
attempts it from the terminal itself. In the former case,
it is simply impossible to break into the
remote location.

¢ Investigation [Perception + Investigation]:
Searching a scene for fingerprints, running ballistics on
a spent slug and determining a stiff's cause of death are
all governed by an Investigation roll. The Storyteller
may call for an extended roll when only one clue exists
to be found, with the character methodically searching
the scene. When more than one clue awaits, a simple
action is usually appropriate (the number of successes
determines how many clues are uncovered). One suc-

em from a

cess reveals a few minor clues (which may even seem

contradictory), while multiple successes reveal several
important clues (if not one major tidbit); the character
may make a leap of intuition linking one or more of
them. Provided the location being investigated is large
enough (an alley as opposed to a closet, for example),
teamwork certainly helps. On a botch, the character
draws false conclusions from clues he's uncovered, or
even destroys clues by mistake.

© Repair [Dexterity/Perception + Crafts/Technol-
ogy]: Used to repair fouled or broken items, the Craft and
Technology skills can also help create such items from
scratch, provided the character has the appropriate special-
ties. This covers everything from basket weaving to
television repair, though if a character actually attempts to
build a TV, the Storyteller should require a minimum
number of dots in the Technology skill (probably 4 or 5,
with an appropriate specialty). Of course, diagnosis comes

before cure, so to repair a given item, a character must first
determine the problem. While a broken picture tube is
somewhat obvious, who knows why the VCR keeps eating
your tape? It could be anything from a bad sprocket to
another ghost possessing the VCR asa practical joke. Once
the character pins down the problem, the Storyteller
determines the difficulty of the repair. This depends on the
severity of the malfunction, the complexity of the broken
item, and the availability of parts and tools. It should also
be noted that while it's easy to filla crack ina vase, it's quite
difficult to repair sucha thing so that itappears undamaged.
An impressive research roll (into appropriate techniques)
may reduce the difficulty, when appropriate.

Asa tule of thumb, routine repairs like cleaning a
VCR or changing a tire have a difficulty of 4, while
rebuilding an engine or rewiring a VCR may have
difficulties as high as 9. The amount of time required to

seer

repair an item is up to the Storyteller, who can treat the
repair as an extended action. On a botch, the character
injures himself, or damages the object beyond repair
(perhaps both).

Research [Intelligence + Occult/Science]: Your
character knows where to look when in need of informa-
tion, whether in the library, on the Internet by studying
maps or simply through interviewing the right people.
This often takes time and effort, though the nature of
the task (you either find the information or not) means
this feat requires only one roll. The time required is
entirely up to the Storyteller; obscure information should
be more difficult to track down, obviously. The number
of successes gained indicates how much information the
researcher uncovers and how useful it is. One success
reveals only basic information (the address of an old
friend), while multiple successes provide more detail
(the old friend married four years ago and hasa child, the
couple is seeing a relationship counselor, etc.). The
Storyteller may adjust the difficulty based on the avail-
ability of the information. Botched research attempts
leave the character stumped or even bring misleading
information.

¢ Tracking [Perception + Survival]: Whereas
shadowing is the art of following a person, tracking is the
art of following his trail, regardless how old. This usually
involves spotting signs of the target's passage, like bro-
ken twigs, footprints, tire marks or a trail of burnt
matches left by a heavy smoker. Tracking is usually an
extended action, wherein the tracking character must
accumulate a certain number of successes to follow his
quarry. Many circumstances can modify difficulty, in-
cluding recent snow, mud, hard packed soil, etc. Failure
on any individual roll means the tracker lost the trail
and must begin again. A botch means the character not
only lost the trail ahead, but spoiled the trail behind; he
loses his pre'

The player may also attempt a tracking roll asa single
roll while her character pauses to gather more information
on her quarry. In this case, multiple successes could reveal
details like the target's shoe size, weight, speed or even a
bothersome injury like a twisted ankle.

Any character may take precautions against being
tracked by covering his trail. This requires a Wits +
Survival roll (difficulty 6). Each success scored raises the
difficulty on any Tracking rolls against the character by
one, to a maximum of 10. Botching on this attempt
lowers the difficulty by two; in your care to erase subtle
signs of your passage, you left obvious ones, like dropping
a personal item.

SOCIAPLFERTS

These systems govern tasks involving the three
Social Attributes (Charisma, Manipulation and Ap-

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

pearance). Scenes revolving around character interac-
tion are generally more interesting when roleplayed out,
so these systems should be used only when absolutely
necessary or when the Storyteller wishes to gloss over a
particular scene for some reason.

¢ Carousing [Charisma + Empathy]: Sometimes it
pays to be the life of the party, even when you're dead.
It's possible the character simply wants everyone to like
him, regardless of how he feels in return, or he may need
to surround himself with "friends" when in trouble.
Finally, social situations tend to loosen even the tightest
lips, and information can flow fast and free in such
environments. In all these cases, a character who can
bring the spotlight on himself —and keep it there —has
several advantages. Ifa character tries winning someone
over by simply being fun and entertaining, roll Cha-
risma + Empathy, difficulty 6. The Storyteller may
modify this difficulty based on the target's first impres-
sion of the character. A black man has a tough time
making friends at a KKK barbecue! The target's nature
(Bon Vivant or Curmudgeon, for example) mai to)
influence the difficulty. On a botched roll, the character
manages to piss off not only the target but just about
everyone in earshot.

* Credibility [Manipulation/Perception + Subter-
fuge]: The Subterfuge talent is a two-sided coin, and
covers both lies and the ability to penetrate them. When
a character tries pulling the wool over someone's eyes.
he rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge. This includes im-
personating another person, passing off forged documents
as the real thing and even telling little white lies.
Victims of such attempts should roll Perception + Sub-
terfuge. Both parties roll against difficulty 7,and whoever
achieves more successes wins. On a tie, the lie remains
undetected, though telltale signs like smudged ink ona
phony passport or a contradictory lie may arouse suspi-
cion. Supporting evidence, including particularly
convincing documents or a friend who backs up your
alibi may increase the difficulty to detect a scam. On the
flip side, youcan fool only some of the people some of the
time; characters detecting a scam may benefit from the
Teamwork rules.

The Storyteller may call for hacking or intrusion
rolls during the preparation of a con, depending on the
nature of the scam. Similarly, Investigation rolls may aid
in deconstructing a lie. If the dishonest character's
player botches, the plan falls to pieces, probably in a
airly public fashion.

¢ Fast-Talk [Manipulation + Subterfuge]: When
you have to lie, do it quickly. By the time your victim
sorts the truth from your cock and bull, you can be long
gone. Maybe the target believes the lies, is baffled by
technical jargon or is simply frustrated enough not to
care where you go, so long as it's away. The fast-talking

<


character's player rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge in a
resisted action, while the target's player rolls Wits +
Subterfuge. Both roll against a difficulty of 6. As always,
the greater number of successes wins, though ona tie the
victim believes you're only worth listening to for an-
other few seconds. On a botch, the character fas'
his way right into trouble, perhaps insulting the target or
simply saying something the target knows is fals

¢ Interrogation [Manipulation + Empathy/Intimi-
dation]: Asking questions is easy. Getting answers is
tougher. Discovering the truth can be nigh impossible,
unless you know how to work the target. When a
character interrogates someone by asking the right ques-
tions the right way, roll Manipulation + Empathy as a
resisted action, opposed by the target's Willpower (both
difficulty 6). Success means the character gains the
trust, or at least cooperation, of the target, who answers
his questions (perhaps without realizing it). The Story-
teller may require multiple rolls through the
interrogation's course; for most casual question and
ions, however, this isn't likely.

answer ses

Of course, not all interviewees are friendly to the
character. Alternative methods of Interrogation include
manipulation (good cop/bad cop), physical torture (bam-
boo splinters under fingernails) or psychological torture
("sweat" sessions). Regardless of the specific method used,
the interrogator's player rolls Manipulation + Intimida-
tion, while the subject's player rolls either Willpower or
Stamina + three dice (whichever is lower). Both players
roll against difficulty 6. Storytellers may treat this as a
combination of resisted and extended actions, depending
on the time spent on the interrogation.

During physical torture, the victim suffers one health
level (bashing or lethal, at the interrogator player's

discretion) for every roll made for the torturer during the
interrogation, regardless of whether he extracts infor-
mation. Similarly, mental and psychological torture
cost the victim one point of Willpower per roll. If the
victim's player botches a roll to resist the torture, he may
be crippled, mentally shattered or even killed.

For each success the interrogator's player scores in
excess of the victim's total, she drags out another tidbit
of information. If this total exceeds the victim's perma-
nent Willpower, the target's will breaks completely, and
all the information he possesses spills out ina flood. Bear
in mind, however, that the victim may simply not have
the desired information. The Storyteller should deter-
mine the relevance of the facts provided. Further, victims
who break often continue lying. Rather than face fur-
ther torture, a subject often says whatever he thinks his
ants to hear.

tormentor w

Teamwork rules apply to interrogators normally. Sto-
rytellers should note that participating characters need not
use the same Skill. For example, one character may attempt

ORPHEUS

to weasel into the subject's confidence while the other
plays hardball. The aforementioned "good cop/bad cop"
approach is an excellent example of th

¢ Intimidation [Strength/Manipulation + Intimi-
dation]: The fine art of intimidation doesn't always
require overt threats. A particularly imposing physique,
dead gaze or terse speech patterns can all gain the
character a wide berth. This is passive intimidation.
People stay out of the character's way, avoid talking to
him and cooperate with his requests. The higher the
character's Intimidation trait, the more others avoid
raising his ire. No roll is required.

Should a character attempt to actively frighten
someone into behaving a certain way or performing a
certain task, either with a glare, a threatening gesture or
a grating whisper, roll Manipulation + Intimidation as a
resisted action, opposed by the target's Willpower. Both
participants roll against difficulty 6. The target must
achieve more successes than the initiator or bend to his
opponent's will. If the threatening character's player
botches, he may embarrass himself in some way or make
athreat he clearly cannot complete. No one blinks twice
in his direction.

Alternatively, a character can forgo the fine art of
psychological intimidation and muscle the target into
cooperating. Roll for a physical attack according to the
combat rules, then roll for the Intimidation. The latter
ishandled exactly as above, except the acting character's
player rolls Strength + Intimidation rather than Ma-
nipulation + Intimidation.

* Oration [Charisma + Leadership]: Whether it's an
attempt to inspire a group of blips to action outside their
routine or bolster the morale of an Orpheus crucible,
oration requires a Charisma + Leadership roll, generally
against difficulty 6. The Storyteller may increase or de-
e the difficulty based on the audience's disposition,

cre:

depending on how receptive they are to the orator's over-
tures. If the roll fails, the crowd rejects the character's

entreaties and will likely behave contrary to the character's
wishes. Ona botch, the audience is angered or offended by
the speaker and may even assault him.

If a character has time to prepare a speech in
advance, her player may roll Intelligence + Expression
(difficulty 7). Each success lowers the oration's difficulty
by one. Failure changes nothing, while a botch means
the prepared material is completely inappropriate, per-
haps even offensive. The difficulty on the oration roll
increases by two in this case.

© Performance [Charisma + Performance]: As an
old standby in hauntings, spooks often try to generate
ghostly melodies from forgotten musical instruments or
simply sing a creepy tune in a cracked whisper. On the
more mundane level, Orpheus agents on beach might be
frequent performers on the local club circuit or dinner


theater actors. When a character performs before a live
(or the restless dead) audience, he rolls Charisma +
Performance (difficulty 7). As with oration, the
audience's predisposition toward your character (or his
repertoire) may increase or decrease this difficulty, as
can the complexity of the performance. One success
indicates an uninspired but acceptable show, while
additional successes make the event truly memorable.
Depending on the performance in question, the audi-
ence may sit in rapt attention or joyously clap their
hands to the music. Failure indicates minor mistakes in
the performance or a simple failure to garner the
audience's attention, while a botch means the performer
hit several sour notes, flubbed lines, broke a string or
suffered some other calamity.

COMBAT SYSTEMS

Just because a spook is intangible, doesn't mean he's
invulnerable. Skimmers, while projecting, suffer psychoso-
matic damage to their bodies when their gauze is struck by
afist, board or bullet. Sleepers are relatively "safer" from the
ravages of combat since damage incurred to their ghostly
forms does not affect their bodies. Even so, discorporation
is one hell of an inconvenience, especially when your

crucible is relying on you.

Projectors sometimes face danger while in their own
bodies, as well, whether while acting on Orpheus' behalf or
simply fighting with someone while on beach. Part-time
spooks rarely want danger as a full-time job, but so it goes.

Many Orpheusassignments rely heavily on stealth and
cunning, rather than force of arms. Regardless, Orpheus
sometimes contracts out operatives on black operations,
and sometimes even the most routine assignment can
degenerate into a firefight if a security guard senses some-
thing amiss. Tread lightly.

That said, combat shouldn't rule your game. Orpheus
Group is trying to present a positive PR spin on its actions,
and open combat is against company policy (especially
when culprits are caught on camera or seen by witnesses).
Headlines are not on the agenda unless they shed some
positive light, and open combatshould bea last resort. Even
assassinations should be quick and clean. An oper
who strides into a four-star res

ative

aurant toting an automatic
weapon won't last long in this job.

The section following details combat in Orpheus.
While not intended asa strict tactical simulation, it reflects
the fluid, brutal nature of real-world combat while still
ibility for drama and creativity.

allowing enough fle

While Storytellers should freely ignore or change any of
these systems (particularly those that bog down combat in your
game), it's usually wise to inform players before implementing
such changes. Combat situations are potentially lethal, and
someone whose character dies when the playerisblind-sided by
a last-minute rule adjustment won't be happy.

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

The Storyteller should strive to maintain realism
through narration and forgo dice rolls whenever possible
(pay special attention to the rules for Automatic
p. 210). It is particularly important, however, that the
Storyteller treat the characters fairly in combat. This
doesn't mean slavish adherence to the dice, but rather a
willingness to place common sense over the results of a
fluke dice roll. If a character is reasonably cautious and
smart but dies through a series of fluke dice rolls, cut him
some slack. Of course, characters who charge blindly into

Successon

combat and make stupid mistakes are on their own. Don't
simply kill them for their troubles, but don't pull any
punches, either.

TYPES OF COMBAT

Combat ultimately falls into two categories: Close
combat and ranged combat. Both use the same basic

rules, with only minor adjustments.

SETTING THE SCENE

One of the most important elements of the
Storyteller's job is describing the scene with suffi-
cient detail and veracity for the players to interact
with it. The Storyteller
Costume artist and prop master. Each of these roles

director, set dresser,

is especially important in a combat scene since it is
vital the Storyteller apprise each player of the
dangers facing his character and his options in the
coming battle.

The Storyteller should detail the changing
environment after each action by describing the
effects of rolls. It's important to strike a balance in
narration; while revealing too little about the scene
hobbles the crucible, the Storyteller should also
carefully reveal only what each character could
know-about the situation.

Obviously, the Storyteller can't describe the
scene in exhaustive detail or the narration dulls the
excitement of combat. It doesn't matter how much
flair you put into your descriptions, if combatants
stand around admiring the scenery, matters
boring. With that in mind, you leave out details. Is
the lid on or off that garbage can? Are there cue
sticks lying across that pool table, or are they on the
rack against the wall? Let your players fill in these
details for you. When a character scoops up an
ashtra' y
ashtray you haven't explicitly stated was there —
let her (unless it contradicts an earlier statement,
like a "no'smoking" sign on the door).

Combat should be fast, fluid and e»
don't fret the details.

off the bar and brains her opponent — an

iting, so


. Gloss Combat: Close combat, barring sports like
judo and boxing, is dirty, ugly, brutal and mean. This
covers both unarmed combat (Dexterity + Brawl) and
Melee (Dexterity + Melee). It pertains to any situation
wherein two or more combatants square off within a yard
or two, and proceed to beat (or stab or slash) each other,
either with weapons or without.

¢ Ranged Combat: Ranged combat covers any
situation wherein one character tries striking another at
adistance, usually witha firearm (Dexterity + Firearms),
though any weapon firing a projectile uses this roll. This
includes hurled weapons (Dexterity + Athletics). Range
varies depending on the weapon used, though the target
must be in sight.

ComeBetT TURNS

Combat can be extremely confusing. While this
might be desirable for the characters, and quite true to
real life, the players shouldn't be similarly handicapped.
Keeping each character's actions in order, and any
results thereof, can be challenging for any Storyteller, so
we've broken combat down into three stages: Initiative,
Attack and Resolution. These three stages together
constitute one three-s

STHGE ONE: INITIATIVE

Someone has to throw the first punch, and this is when
we determine who. While some Storytellers go clockwise
around the table to determine order, this system usually
allows characters with high Dexterity and Wits to act first
inaturn, while still allowing fora few (possibly unpleasant)
surprises in turn order. At the beginning of each turn, each
player rolls one die and adds the result to his initiative
rating [Dexterity + Wits]. The Storyteller should roll for
any characters he controls. The player with the highest
result has her character act first, followed by the rest in
descending order of results. If two characters tie, the one
with the higher initiative rating goes first. If they have the
same rating, they act simultaneously. Each character's
wound penalties (p. 200, 233) subtract directly from his
initiative rating.

econd combat turn.

Once everyone involved determines initiative or-
der, each player declares his character's action for the
turn in reverse initiative order. This way, faster charac-
ters can react to those slower, and determine their
actions based on what they hear. During this step,
players should announce any multiple actions, activa-
tion of Horrors, teamwork, use of Willpower or Spite
points, or even a delay of action to see how the turn plays
out. The Storyteller may ask for clarification of your
action, so be prepared to flesh it out.

Three situations may change the initiative order. If
you delay your character's action, you may act at any
point after your turn in the initiative count. This is

ORPHEUS

yielding, and it allows your character to pause and wait to
see what happens once others act before him. When
yielding, you may even interrupt another, slower
character's action. If two players both yield and eventu-
ally decide to act at the same time (possibly by reacting
to the same event), the character with the higher
initiative total acts first.

Defensive actions are another spanner in the works
of the normal initiative order (see Aborting Actions and
Defensive Maneuvers, p. 230). Your character may
defend himself at any time, provided you have an action
remaining. This also requires either a Willpower roll or
the expenditure of a temporary Willpower point. A
defensive action is simultaneous with the action it
defends against. The character trades his normal action
for the chance to protect against the attack. The char-
acter is allowed to defend only himself (block, dodge,
parry), though the Storyteller may judge that a succe
ful defense damages the attacker, as when if a character
parries a punch with a sword.

Multiple actions, the third exception to initiative
order, occur after everyone else acts, regardless of the
character's place in the initiative queue. When several
characters take multiple actions, they act in order of
initiative, but after any characters not pursuing multiple
actions. Multiple defensive actions constitute the only
exception to this rule: Multiple defensive actions take
place at the same time as the attack, as discussed above,
possibly even at different times in the turn.

STAGE TWO: ATTACH

Once the group determines the initiative order and
each player declares his character's action, the turn
begins in earnest with the attack stage. During this
phase, players roll for success one at a time, in order of
initiative. The Storyteller oversees this process, deter-
mines roll difficulties and which Attributes and Abilities
apply, and approves the use of Willpower. As with any
other Ability roll, a character may attempt the action
without the appropriate Talent (Brawl or Athletics) or
Skill (Firearms or Melee). Just as at any other time, ifa
character lacks the appropriate Talent, he may attempt
the action any by applying only the appropriate
Attribute; in the case of Skills, like Firearms and Melee,
the difficulty of the roll increases by one.

As discussed previously, most combat actions fall
into one of two categories: Close or ranged. In close
combat, roll Dexterity + Brawl if unarmed or Dexter
+ Melee if armed. Ranged combat functions in similar
fashion: Roll either Dexterity + Firearms (guns and
other projectile weapons) or Dexterity + Athletics
(thrown weapons). Weapons may modify the attack
difficulty, depending on factors including weapon qual-
ity, accessories or rate of fire.


The default difficulty of most attacks is 6. This can
change thanks to environmental modifiers including
darkness, cramped quarters ora helpless target. If the roll
fails, the attacker misses and does no damage. On a
botch, it's entirely possible the attacker injures himself
or an ally, or he damages or destroys his weapon. The

Storyteller should consider the situation while deciding
on such issues; a character throwing a punch, for ex-
ample, probably won't hit himself regardless of how poor
his roll but he might hit a pillar instead of his target.

STAGE THREE:
RESOLUTION

Once an attack hits, it's time to determine how
much punishment it inflicts. The type (bashing or
lethal) and amount of damage depends on the type of
attack. Each attack maneuver specifies the number of
damage dice rolled.

Different weapons have different default damage
dice pools, which the situation may modify further.
Additional successes beyond the first inflict extra dice of
damage at a rate of one die per additional success (the
attacker landed a particularly telling blow). When a
character is struck, the Storyteller may sometimes allow
a soak roll (with a dice pool equal to the target's
tamina) to see if he's tough enough to endure the

damage without sustaining serious injury. The rest of

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

this chapter offers more information on determining
damage, as well as the long-term effects thereof.

Once a combat inflicts damage, the Storyteller
describes the action in narrative form, bringing the
attack to life. Rather than simply declaring the health
levels inflicted and moving on, the Storyteller adds
depth and color to the situation. He might say, "Your
gun barks once and the slug plows into the thug's
shoulder. A spray of meat, blood and bone shards erupts
from the exit wound. The thug paws dumbly at his now
useless left arm, but only for a moment. He shudders
once, as if gripped by asudden chill, then collapses to the
pavement." It's always the Storyteller' job to evoke the
setting, butit's particularly important during the furor of
combat. Otherwise, you're just rolling dice.

ORMAGE TYPES

Different attacks have different damage ratings,
which dictate the number of damage dice rolled on a
successful attack of that type, thereby determining
given attack's effectiveness. This is the damage dic:
pool. In close combat, the attacker's Strength heavily
influences the damage dice pool, while in ranged com-

bat, the weapon in question typically determines damage.

Damage rolls are made against a base difficulty 6. For
each success, the victim suffers one health level of
damage (or, in the case of most spooks, loses one point


¢ Everyone rolls initiative, with the Storyteller
rolling for any
scene. Declare actions in ascending order of
initiative, including multiple actions, activa-
tion of Horrors and expenditure of Willpower.
The character with the highest initiative usu-
ally attempts his action first, though his player
may yield his turn until after his place in the
original initiative queue (but still allowing

aracters on the

him to pre-empt other characters). A charac-
ter may defend against an attack in
for hisnormal action, though his player must
make a Willpower roll or surrender a point of
Willpower to do-so. Such defensive actions
take place simultaneously with the attack,
regardless of the defending character's Initi
tive roll.

Stage Two: Attack

¢ Unarmed close combat: roll De

change

terity + Brawl.

¢ Armed close combat: roll Dexterity + Melee.

© Ranged combat (guns): roll Dexterity + Fir
arms.

© Ranged combat (thrown or missile weapons):
roll Dexterity + Athletics.

Stage Three: Resolution

© Determine the damage inflicted for each suc-
cessful attack, based on weapon typeormaneuver,
adding any extra damage dice gained from addi-

tional successes on the attack roll.

Characters struck may roll Stamina to soak

damage, if allowe

describes the results of the attack.

of Vitality for each level of bashing damage and two
points for each of lethal). This damage may be reduced
by a soak roll (see Soak, below).

Orpheus features two types of damage: bashing and
lethal. Both assume the combatants are capable of
hurting each other. A ghost/projected entity who hasn't
manifested fully cannot hurt a human unless he uses the
proper Horror (like Helter-Skelter or Puppetry). Like-
wise, all mundane physical attacks against an incorporeal
spook are virtually useless.

© Bashing: The attacker punches, wrestles or oth-
erwise bludgeons his victim, inflicting blunt-force trauma.
This type of damage probably won't kill a character,
unless the victim is subjected to repeated or prolonged

ORPHEUS

TY

beatings. The victim uses Stamina to resist bashing
effects, as discussed below; it also heals more quickly
than lethal damage (see p. 228). Bashing damage against
ghosts and sleepers removes a point of Vitality per

successful damage die.

¢ Lethal: Blades and bullets are far more dangerous
than a punch to the jaw, and may very well kill a
character in a single attack. Human characters cannot
resist lethal damage, and this includes projectors in their
bodies; these injuries take much longer to heal by
normal means. Ghosts and projecting sleepers may use
Stamina to soak lethal damage, while projecting skim-
mers automatically convert lethal to bashing (for the
same difficulty of 5). Lethal damage against most gauze,
however, incurs a loss of two Vitality points for each
successful die of damage to reflect the attack's severity.

The minimum number of dice in a damage dice
pool, whether bashing or lethal, is one. No modifier can
eliminate a damage dice pool completely. Even the
weakest attack may inflict punishment, no matter how
superficial. Further, a player or Storyteller cannot botch
a damage roll. A botch indicates that no damage is
scored, but no additional mishaps occur. See p. 210 for
rules on applying damage effects.

SsorRH

Your character's Stamina aids in resisting damage

when applicable. This is called "soaking" damage. A
character's soak dice pool is equal to his Stamina rating.
Unless acharacter benefits from some special protection —
like armor — humans and in-body projectors can not soak
lethal damage. Ghosts and projected sleepers may soak
lethal damage, however, while skimmers simply convert
the damage to bashing (but against their health levels).
During resolution, a player may roll his soak dice
pool to resist damage inflicted by attacks during the
turn. This is a reflexive action, and therefore happens
automatically; the character need not reserve an action
for his soak roll. The player makes only one soak roll
against the total damage of an attack (or attacks) in-
flicted on the character in a turn. The character may
soak the damage from multiple attacks when it is appro-
priate to do so. Soak rolls are difficulty 6, except for
projecting skimmers (with difficulty 5) or unless other-
wise ruled by the Storyteller. Each success rolled reduces

the damage inflicted on the character by one die. Just as
with damage rolls, players cannot botch soak rolls.

ARMOR

Aptly described as the right outfit for the wrong
occasion, armor provides a last line of defense for a
character struck by a fist, blade or bullet. Armor includes
anything from a Kevlar vest to a hot plate slipped
underneath a poncho. Armor adds a number of soak dice


to a character's pool equal to its rating, and it may
protect against both bashing and lethal damage. Against

lethal damage, a human's soak dice pool consists only of

the bonus dice granted by armor; it does not include his
Stamina rating.

Attackers may make called shots against unpro-
tected body locations and thus ignore armor. The
Storyteller should consider the specific armor when
assigning the difficulty modifier. Targeting a weak point
in a soldier's Kevlar battle garb might increase the
difficulty by three, while striking a location unprotected
by an undercover officer's Kevlar vest might incur a
penalty of only one.

Even the sturdiest man-made armor can be de-
stroyed (this excludes armor derived from Stains and
Horrors). When an attack inflicts damage equal to or
greater than the armor's rating, it destroys the item.

While protective gear is a godsend against attacks,
its bulk weighs down the wearer. While in armor, a
character must subtract dice equal to the armor's penalty
rating from all Dexterity-based dice pools (this is not
applicable to armors derived from Stains and Horrors).
See the armor chart on p. 234 for the details.

COMBAT MANEUVERS

In combat, characters may perform the following
maneuvers. When in combat, the players should narrate
their characters' actions, rather than simply proclaim-
ing (for the seventh time), "I punch him." This makes
the scene more interesting and lessens the onus on the
Storyteller to flesh out the visuals, allowing him to keep
better track of the action. Unless otherwise stated, these
maneuvers require one action to perform.

GENERAL MANEUVERS

¢ Abort an Action: A character may abort his
stated action to defend himself against an attack at any
time during the turn, allowing him to attempt a block,
dodge or parry action. This requires either a successful
Willpower roll (a difficulty 6 refle: action) or the
expenditure of a Willpower point. If the Willpower roll
fails, the character is unable to defend himself even by
spending a point of Willpower.

The defense action occurs simultaneously with the
ck triggering it, regardless of the defending character's
place in the initiative order. If a character has already
acted in a turn, he may not perform this maneuver.

¢ Ambush: To sneak up behind another character
or conceal your presence for a surprise attack requires a
Dexterity + Stealth roll resisted by the target's Percep-
tion + Alertness. If the ambusher's player rolls more
sses than his victim, he may add the net number of

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

successes by which he exceeded the victim's roll to his
attack roll. Further, the target may not defend against
the attack with a block, dodge or parry action. Ona tie,
the ambusherstill attacks first, but the target may defend
against the attack normally; the attacking player adds no
extra dice to her dice pool. If the victim scores more
successes, both parties roll initiative normally. This
maneuver may not be performed on a character already
engaged in combat or otherwise aware of your presence.

The same rules apply when using manifest to sneak
up on someone. Manifest requires one action to com-
plete, which may allow the victim to detect the sudden
presence of someone there.

¢ Blind Fighting: Characters denied sight during
combat are at a significant disadvantage. Attacking
while blind or in total darkness increases the attack's
difficulty modifier by two. These conditions completely
negate the possibility of launching a ranged attack. This
is because close combat attacks generally sweep a large

more immediate area, while ranged attacks operate
along tighter, more linear corridors.

Flank and Rear Attacks: Attacking from one side
ofa target adds a single die to the attacking player's dice
pool. Similarly ing from behind adds two dice.

* Movement: Any character may move half his run-
ning distance (see p. 217) and still take an action in the
same turn, decane or after the movement. Although
not technically a multiple action, the Storyteller may
nonetheless assign dice pool penalties or difficulty modifi-
ers if the maneuver is particularly difficult (jumping over
hurdles while firing a gun, for example). Further, if the
character acts while moving (rather than after), each yard
moved during the turn inflicts a one die penalty on the
affected player's dice pool.

¢ Targeting: Aiming for a specific location on the
target increases the difficulty of an attack roll. Charac-
ters may attempt targeting to bypass armor or cover,

strike an object from a target's hand or inflict more
critical damage.

The Storyteller may deem lethal bashing damage that
targets the victim's head, particularly if the target is caught
unawares (during an ambush maneuver, for mple
Refer to the following chart when determining difficulty
and damage dice pool modifiers for targeted atte

Target Size I

Medium (leg, arm, briefcase) +1

iculty Damage
No modifier

Small (hand, head, weapon) +2 +1

Tiny (eye, heart, padloc +2


DEFENSIVE MANEUVERS

DEFENSE COMPLICATIONS

When attacked, a character may defend rather than
continue in his declared action for the turn. So long as
he has not yet used his action for the turn, he may
attempt to block, dodge or parry an incoming attack. To
attempt such a maneuver, the player must make a
ful Willpower roll (difficulty 6) or surrender a
point of Willpower (see Aborting Actions, p. 229). If
the Willpower roll fails, the character commits to his
original action and may not defend, even by spending a
point of Willpower.

Characters can counter most attacks using one or
more of the three defensive maneuvers, though certain
situations may restrict their use. Dodging is difficult
when one is handcuffed to a chain-link fence, though
blocking or parrying is possible if one hand is free.
Similarly, characters can't block or parry a bullet. The
Storyteller decides whether or nota particular defensive
maneuver is applicable in each situation.

All defensive maneuvers use the same system, though
each utilizes a different Ability, as detailed below. Each
is a resisted action: The Storyteller compares the de-
fense roll to the attack roll for his assailant. If the
attacker rolls equal or fewer successes, he misses. Other-
wise, subtract the defender's successes from the attackers;
the difference is the attacker's final success total, with
any successes beyond the first added to the damage dice
poolas usual. Thus, though the defender doesn't halt the
attack, he reduces the damage inflicted.

* Block [Dexterity + Brawl]: The character uses
his own body to block a hand-to-hand bashing attack.
Usually, characters cannot block lethal attacks, though
if the defender is wearing armor, it's possible at the
Storyteller's discretion. Characters cannot block ranged
attacks... Orpheus isn't that kind of game.

* Dodge [Dexterity + Athletics (or variable At-
tribute + Ability combinations) |: Provided a character
has room to maneuver (subject to the Storyteller's
approval), he may attempt dodging any type of attack. In
close combat, the character ducks a blow, sidesteps or
simply moves out of range at the moment of the attack.
During a ranged attack, a successful defender must move
at least one yard and either find cover or fall flat.

¢ Parry [Dexterity + Melee]: The character uses a
melee weapon to turn aside a close-combat attack.
When parryinga bashing attack with a weapon that does
lethal damage, the defender may inflict damage on his
assailant. If the defender rolls more successes on the
resisted action, add the weapon's base damage to the
number of extra successes scored on the defense roll.
This total is the damage dice pool, which is then rolled
against the attacker as if you had attacked him success-
fully, instead.

Although it is for simplicity's sake that each combat
turn consists of several discrete actions, it's important to
remember that all actions performed in one turn take
place over the course of a few frantic seconds, making
them nearly simultaneous. As such, a character may
declare his intent to take multiple actions and assign one
of them to defensive actions, or simply defend for the
entire turn. This is different from aborting an action in
favor ofa defensive action. Although the character must
still abort his action to defend against attacks that occur
earlier in initiative order, he may defend against later
attacks without resorting to such measures.

Duringa multiple action involving both a defensive
action and non-defensive action, the character acts in
turn as normal. Following his action, he may defend
against any attacks directed against him for the duration
of the turn. The multiple-action system applies nor-
mally, so each subsequent defensive action becomes
incrementally more difficult (see Multiple Actions, p.
211). Note that naming multiple attackers to defend
against further complicates the issue, adding to the
difficulty numbers of each defense roll (see Multiple
Opponents, p. 231).

Rather than attack and defend in the same turn, a
character may focus his full attention on avoiding in-
coming strikes. Just as above, you must abort your action
to defend against attacks occurring prior to your initia-
tive, but may defend against any attacks happening
simultaneously with or after your action. If a character
does nothing but defend in a turn, do not use the
multiple-action system. Instead, the character rolls his
full dice pool for the first defensive action, which is then
reduced by one die for each subsequent defense in the
same turn. When your dice pool falls to zero, you may
not defend against further attacks.

CLOS€-cComseAT
nAenEUVERS

This is a list of the most common close-combat
maneuvers, and it is by no means comprehensive. Play-
ers can invent new maneuvers on the fly, though the
Storyteller determines the Traits used and the accuracy,
difficulty and damage of the attack. Weapon type deter-
mines damage dice pool for melee attacks (see the Melee
Weapons chart, p. 234), which is usually lethal (though
blunt weapons like baseball bats and clubs inflict bash-
ing damage).

The Storyteller may elect to modify the character-
istics of any maneuver listed here, based on the situation.

¢ Bite: Not surprisingly, many are reluctant to
resort to this desperate tactic, but when fighting for your
existence, anything goes. Though biting the meaty part
of a target's arm probably won't cause much damage,

ORPHEUS


nenEeuUVeER
CHARACTERISTICS

Participants roll combat maneuvers against
difficulty 6. Some effects and situations may modify
attack rolls, difficulty numbers or damage dice
pools. The following categories explain the ma-
neuver characteristics used herein.

¢ Traits: The Attribute + Ability used for the
maneuver, In certain circumstances, the otory-
tellérmay allow (or force) youto substitute another
‘Attribute or Ability, or both. If your character
doesn't have the appropriate Ability, default to the
Attribute alone (modifying the difficulty as nor-
mal if the Ability in question is a skill).

¢ Accuracy: Several maneuvers add dice to
the attack dice pool. For example, a "+3" here adds

three dice to the attack's dice pool for that attac'

* Difficulty: Some maneuvers apply positive or
negative modifiers to the attack's difficulty. Base
difficulty is always 6, which isadjusted as indicated in
the difficulty characteristic. A "+2," for exampl
increases a standard attacks difficulty (6) to 8

© Damage: This is the maneuver's damage
dice pool.

tearing a chunk out of his ear will hurt like hell. The
Storyteller may require the attacker to grapple the
victim before attempting a bite. Generally, a bite's
difficulty is 6, though targeting specific body parts (eyes,
ears, fingers, etc.) may increase that difficulty by one or
two. Biting damage may be either bashing or lethal,
depending on the targeted location

Difficulty: Normal

Damage: Strength

Traits: Dexterity + Brawl
Accuracy: Normal

© Clinch: The character wraps his target in a tight
hold. Ona successful clinch, the attack deals no damage,
though the victim is grappled. In subsequent turns, both
characters involved act in normal order, as determined
by the initiative roll. The attacker may inflict his Strength
in damage dice automatically without an attack roll;
alternatively, he may simply hold his target and inflict
no damage. The victim's player can attempt to escape by
rolling Strength + Brawl, opposed by the attacker. The
victim must score more successes than the attacker to
escape. Neither character may perform any other action
while in a clinch.
Difficulty: Normal

Damage:

Traits: Strength + Brawl

Accuracy: Normal Strength
¢ Disarm: The character entangles his opponent's

weapon or simply strikes it with a mighty blow, attempt-

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

ing to disarm his foe. The acting player makes an attack
roll with a one added to difficulty (or two if attempting
to disarm with Dexterity + Brawl). If successful, he rolls
damage dice as usual, but deals no damage to the target.
Instead, if the number of successes on the damage roll
exceeds the victim's Strength, the attack knocks the
weapon from the opponent's grasp. If the disarming
character's player botches, he may lose his own weapon
or leave himself open to attack and be struck himself.
Traits: Dexterity + Brawl/Melee Difficulty: +1

Accu

: Normal Damage: Special

¢ Kick: A foot stomp orsimple kick toan opponent's
shin increases the difficulty modifier by one and inflicts
Strength + 1 damage dice. More spectacular maneuvers,
like a spinning hook kick to the target's head, increase
these numbers at a proportional rate.
Trait: Difficult
Accuracy: Normal Damag

¢ Multiple Opponents: When fighting multiple
opponents, the difficulty for attack and defense rolls
against each target after the first increases by one, to a
maximum modifier of four.

Dexterity + Brawl

trength +1

* Scratch: While fingernails aren't as effective as
claws, they serve in a pinch. If the character targets a
specific body part — the eyes, for example — the victim
may suffer secondary effects (like temporary blindness).
Called shots usually increase the difficulty by one or two.
Scratching is considered bashing damage.

Traits: Difficulty: Normal
Accuracy: Normal Damage: Strength

° Strike: Simplify, simplify, simplify. The character
simply punches his opponent, causing bashing damage.
This simple action inflicts the attacker's Strength in
damage dice. Strikes targeted at specific body parts may

Dexterity + Brawl

increase both the difficulty and damage dice of this
maneuver.

Traits: Dexterity + Brawl
Accuracy: Normal

Damage: Strength

© Sweep: The character attempts to knock his
opponent off his feet, usually by tripping the victim with
PF y tripf

either his own leg, or with a weapon like a staff or chain.

If the sweep is successful, the target suffers the attacker's
Strength in bashing damage dice and must make a
Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty 8) to avoid knock-
down (see Maneuver Complications, p. 233).

Traits: Dexterity + Brawl/ Melee Difficulty: +1
Accuracy: Normal Damage: Strength;
knockdown

¢ Tackle: The character rushes his opponent, try-
ing to knock him off balance and drive him to the
ground. The difficulty and damage dic
maneuver are both modified by one. The combatants

pool for this

°
ye!
é

:
ane |


players must then make Dexterity + Athletics rolls
(difficulty 7) or suffer knockdown (see Maneuver Com-
plications, p. 233). Even if the victim succeeds, he is
unbalanced and suffers a difficulty modifier of one to his

actions during the following turn.

Difficulty: +1
Damage: Strength + 1;
knockdown

Traits: Strength + Brawl
Accuracy: Normal

© Weapon Length: When attacking a target wield-
ing a longer weapon than the character (like a sword or
staff against the attacker's knife or fists, say), the diffi-
culty of the attack roll increases by one, with the target
using his weapon to keep the attacker at bay.
Traits: Dexterity + Brawl Difficulty: +1
Accuracy: Normal Damage: Perweapontype

© Weapon Strike: The character uses a weapon to
slash, thrust or jab in melee. See the Melee Weapons
Chart (p. 234) for details.
Traits: Dexterity + Melee
Accuracy: Normal

RANGED COMBAT
naenEUVERS

Ranged combat is a different animal than close com-

Difficulty: Normal
Damage: Perweapontype

bat, bringing an entirely new set of tactical options and
maneuvers into play. The systems detailed below offer ways
to incorporate these choices into each skirmish. As with
the close combat maneuvers, players can create their own,

to which the Storyteller should assign characteristics.
¢ Aiming: Each turn a character spends aiming at

his target adds a die to his player's attac

pool, to a
maximum number of bonus dice that are equal to the
aiming character's Perception. This maneuver requires
at least one dot in Firearms to perform. If the weapon has
a scope, add two more dice for the first turn of aiming;
the r
aiming character must focus on his target and may
perform no other actions. Taking an action before
shooting — even to defend — spoils the character's aim
and negates any benefits. Further, the character may
move no faster than walking speed while aiming.

imum bonus dice also increases by two. An

© Automatic Fire: The character unloads his entire
clip, hosing his target with lead. This maneuver requires
only one roll, but the weapon's accuracy increases by 10.
On the other hand, the attack's difficulty increases by
two due to recoil. Extra successes beyond the to hit

requirements add to the damage dice pool as usual,

though the weapon's damage rating remains unchanged.
A character may only attempt this maneuver if the
weapon's clip is at least half full; the attack may not
target a particular body part or object. Only certain
weapons are capable of automatic fire, as detailed in the
Ranged Weapons Chart (p. 234). Note that this action

can reduce Blind Conditions penalties at Storyteller
discretion.
Traits: Dexterity + Firearms —_ Difficulty: +2
Accuracy: +10 Damage: Special

¢ Cover: A character may duck behind a wall,
overturn furniture or use another character as a shield.
Each of these maneuvers provides the character with
cover. Cover increases the difficulty to hit a character,
but it can also impede his own actions. The chart below
indicates the difficulty modifier to hit a character be-
hind various grades of cover.

Atthe same time, the character's difficulty to return

fire increases: His line of sight may be obstructed, or he

may have to pop out of cover, fire, then duck into cover
once more. Ifa character fires from shelter, the difficulty
modifier to the attack roll is one less than indicated on
the chart. Thus, if the character is behind superior cover
(+3), he suffers a difficulty modifier of only two to his
own attacks.

Cover modifiers are cumulative, so if two combat-
ants exchange fire while both are so protected, both
modifiers apply. For example, a character hiding in
superior cover attacks while his target is in light cover.
His player suffers two to the difficulty modifier for his
own shelter, and an additional one for his opponent's
light cover.

© Multiple Shots: The character may fire multiple
shots in the same action. This is a multiple action: The

Cover Type Difficulty Modifier
Light (lying flat, behind streetlight)

Good (behind a car)

Superior (around a corner)

first shot's dice pool decreases by the total number of
shots fired, and each subsequent shot drops by one die,
cumulatively. The weapon's rate of fire ultimately limits
the number of shots that can be fired in a turn.
Traits: Dexterity + Firearms —_ Difficulty: Normal
Accuracy: Special Damage: Perweapontype

© Range: Each weapon on the Ranged Weapons
Chart (p. 234) has a range entry. All attacks within
this distance are difficulty 6. Characters may attack
up to double the listed range, but the difficulty rises to
8. A target within two meters is in point blank range
of the attacker, whose player need only beat a diffi-
culty 4 to hit.

¢ Reloading: Reloading requires a full turn. A
reload action may be part of a multiple action at the
Storyteller's discretion.

© Strafe: Rather than attempt to hit a specific
target, the strafing character hoses an area in hopes of

ORPHEUS


hitting multiple victims. This maneuver adds 10 dice to
the attack dice pool and empties the weapon's clip.

Make one attack roll. If successful, divide the suc-
cesses evenly among all targets in the designated area
(which may be no more than three yards wide). Each
success beyond the first applied to a target adds to the
damage dice pool against that target, as usual. If only one
target is within the area strafed, no more than half the
successes are applicable against him. If you roll fewer
successes than there are potential targets, the Storyteller
assigns the successes — randomly or not, at his option —
until having accounted for all successes. Dodge rolls
against a strafe attack suffer a one to difficulty modifier.
Note that this action can reduce Blind Conditions
penalties at Storyteller discretion.
Traits: Dexterity + Firearms _ Difficulty: +2
Accuracy: +10 Damage: Special

¢ Three-Round Burst: The attacker fires three
shots in rapid succession, each at the same target. This
attack adds two dice to the attacking player's dice pool.
As detailed on the Ranged Weapons Chart, only certain
weapons may fire three-round bursts. Recoil increases
the difficulty modifier to the attack roll by one. As with
automatic fire, only one damage dice pool is rolled.
Traits: Dexterity + Firearms _ Difficulty: +1
Accuracy: +2 Damage: Per weapon type

¢ Two Weapons: Any character may fire two
weapons simultaneously. Although difficult, the poten-
tial for additional damage sometimes outweighs the
added complication. Firing two weapons is a multiple
action, and therefore imposes the usual reduced dice
pools according to the total shots fired. Further, each
attack roll for the character's off hand suffers a difficulty
modifier of one, unless he's ambidextrous. The charac-
ter may fire a total number of shots equal to the sum of
the two weapons' rates of fire.
Traits: Dexterity + Firearms
Accuracy: Special

Difficulty: + 1/off-hand
Damage: Perweapontype
naeNnEUVER COMPLICATIONS

Combat is rarely a clean and orderly affair, and itcan
be complicated by any number of surprises. Several
possibilities are listed below, and the Storyteller should
feel free to invent more.

¢ Blinded: When attacking a blinded character, the
acting character gains two additional dice for his attack
dice pool. Conversely, blinded characters suffer two to
the difficulty modifier on all actions.

© Dazed: If, on a single attack, the damage dealt
exceeds the target's Stamina (or Stamina +2 for ghosts and
projected entities), the victim is dazed. Dazed characters
lose their action for this turn (if it hasn'talready been spent)

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

f qty &))
and the next, and they may neither act nor defend during
that time. Reflexive actions are unaffected.

© Immobilized: When attacking an immobilized vic-
tim who can still struggle (like a target being grappled by a
third party), add two dice to the attack roll. If the target is
completely unable to move (paralyzed or unconscious, for
example), the attack automatically hits and inflicts addi-
tional damage equal to the attack's dice pool.

© Knockdown: The character falls or is knocked ofthis
feet. A Dexterity + Athletics roll determines whether he
can stand immediately or if his player's next action must be
rising to his feet. In either case, in the following turn, his
initiative drops by two. If the player botches the roll, his
character falls hard or badly and perhaps twists his ankle or
sprains his wrist. He suffers one health level or Vitality of
bashing damage, which he may not soak by any means.

Some maneuvers, like Sweep or Tackle, could knock
an opponent down. Further, particularly powerful at-
tacks may cause the same result. The Storyteller
determines when this is appropriate, though it should
happen only when dramatically appropriate.

HEALTH

Although characters in Orpheus lurk at the edges of
awareness for the living, they aren't invincible. Sleep-
ers, while technically "dead," must carefully conserve
and maintain their Vitality, for it binds their gauze
together. To a sleeper, Vitality is flesh and bone, blood
and adrenaline, all rolled into one.

Skimmers, however, are still quite mortal. Though a
skimmer's gauze shares many characteristics withasleeper's,
skimmers differ in one important way: They can be hurt.
They may be as insubstantial as sleepers, but skimmers'
gauze has a sympathetic link with their bodies. When
someone damages a skimmer's gauze, the body suffers the
injury as bruising and blunt-force trauma. While this can
ultimately be fatal, it grants the projecting skimmer two
advantages: He may spend Vitality without fear of
discorporation andall his injuries are bashing in nature. On
the flip side, the body cannot continue without the soul. If
askimmer's gauze is "killed," so too is his body; if the body
dies, the soul becomes a ghost.

In Orpheus, players keep track of their characters'
general well being in two ways: Health levels and Vitality.
While the latter applies to all characters, health levels no
longer bother ghosts and projecting sleepers. They've
passed beyond the pale, so mortal concerns like "blood loss"
or "shock and trauma" are beyond them. Vitality is unique
and projectors; ordinary humans deal solely in
health levels. This means when in the flesh, sleepers and
skimmers suffer damage to their health levels only. When
sleepers project or for ghosts, Vitality is key.


CLOSE-COMBAT MANEUVERS

Maneuver
Bite

Block
Clinch
Disarm
Dodge
Kick

Parry
Seratch
Strike
Sweep
Tackle
Weapon Strike

Traits

Dex + Brawl

Dex + Brawl

Str + Brawl

Dex + Brawl/Melee
Dex + Athletics
Dex + Brawl

Dex + Melee

Dex + Brawl

Dex + Brawl

Dex + Brawl/ Melee
Str + Brawl

Dex + Melee

Accuracy
Normal
Special
Normal
Normal
Special
Normal
Special
Normal
Normal
Normal
Normal
Normal

(©) The maneuver arries over into successive turns.
(K): The maneuver causes knockdown.
(R): The maneuyer reducés an opponent's attack successes.

RANGED COMBAT MANEUVERS THELE

Difficulty
Normal
Normal
Normal
+1
Normal
+1
Normal
Normal
Normal
+1

+1
Normal

Str

(R)
Str (C)
Special
(R)
Str +1
(R)
Str

Str (K)
Str +1 (K)
Weapon

Maneuver

Automatic Fire

Multiple Shots
Strafing

Traits

Dex + Firearms
Dex + Firearms
Déx + Firearms

Three-Round Burst Dex Firearms

Two Wéapons

Dex + Fireafms

Accuracy
+10
Special
+10

+2
Special

NELEE VERFORS CHART

Difficulty
+2
Normal
+2

+1

+1/off-hand

Damage
Weapon
Weapon
Weapon
Weapon
Weapon

Weapon.
Sap*
Club*
Knife
Sword
Small Ax
Large Ax

Damage
Su.+4
Ser #2
Sir
Str.+2
Str-+2
Str +3,

Conceal

Weapon: Characters may use many moré items as weapons (butcher knife; golf club, pen, straight razor, bar

stool). Apply the listingabove that most closely fits the weapon use

Concealment: P = Can be carried in'pocket; J'= Can-be hidden in jacket; T = Can be hidden in trench coat;
N = Can't be concealed.
*These objects are blunt, and do bashing damage unless targeted'at the head (see Targeting, p. 229). In that
case, they inflict lethal damage.ae the Storyteller's discretion.

ARMOR CHART
Class

Armor Rating

One (reinforced clothing) 1 0
s Two (armored T-shirt) ~ 2 1
Class Three (Kevlar vest) 1
2

3

Penalty

Class Four (flak jacket)
Class Five (full riot gear)


RENGEDWERPONS CHART

Type Damage Rate
Revolver, Lt.
Revolver, Hvy.
Pistol, Lt.
Pistol, Hvy.
Rifle

SMG, Small*
SMG, Large* 50
Assault Rifle* 150
Shotgun 20
Shotgun, Semi-auto 8 20

CONRAD

200.
25

4
4
7

Clip Exemplar

6 SW M640 (.38 Special)

6 Colt Anaconda (.44 Magnum)
17+1 Glock 17 (9mm)

7+1 Sig P220 (.45 ACP)

5+1 Remington M-700 (30.06)
30+1 Ingram Mac-10 (9mm)
32+1 HK MP-5 (9mm)

42+1 Steyr-Aug (5.56mm)

5+1 Ithaca M-37 (12-Gauge)
8+1 Fiachi-Law 12 (12-Gauge)

3Azatczn

Damage: The weapon's damage dice pool. Firearms deliver lethal damage.

Range: This number defines the weapon's practical range in yards, within whic'

to twice this distance, attacks are difficult

acks are difficulty 6.

3. Beyond that, no attacks are possible.

Rate: The maximum number of bullets or three-round bursts this weapon can fire ina turn. Automatic fire and

strafing attacks ignore this limit.

Clip: The weapon's ammunition capacity. A "+1" indicates the weapon can carry a round in the chamber,

ready to fire.
Concealmen: Can be carried in pocket
N = Can't be concealed.

an be hidden in jacket; T = Can be hidden in trench coat;

This weapon is capable of three-round bursts, automatic fire and strafing.

THE HERLTH CHART

While ghosts need not worry about health levels,
projectors (and mortals) are not so lucky. Such charac-
ters physical condition is tracked on the Health chart
located on the character sheet. This chart indicates
penalties to your dice pool incurred by each level of
damage. Asa character suffers more injuries, his Health
deteriorates and hinders his capabilities. If the injuries
are severe enough, he may fall unconscious or even die.

Every mortal character has eight health levels, span-
ning from Bruised to Incapacitated. Characters with no
injuries (no health levels checked off) are "in the pink."
Characters suffering injuries severe enough to drive
them below Incapacitated die — perhaps to rise as
ghosts themselves. Whenever an attack scores a success
on a damage roll, mark one health level on the target's
Health chart. Multiple successes score multiple levels of
injury. Ifan attacker achieves two successes on a damage
roll against an uninjured character, for example, the
victim marks off two boxes, bringing him to Hurt.

The number adjacent to the lowest marked box on
acharacter's Health chart dictates his current dice pool
penalty. The more damage a character suffers, the more
difficult it is for him to act effectively. It's hard to run
with a crunchy ankle
running in your eyes.

and tough to aim with blood
Subtract the dice pool penalty

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

next to the character's lowest marked Health level from
any relevant and subsequent action dice pools, except

for reflexives. These penalties also hinder movement, as
described on the Health Chart table (p. 235)

INCRFACITATED

When a character's Health falls to Incapacitated, he

may or may not remain conscious, at the Storyteller's
option. Regardless, the character is ineffective until he
heals the wound. He may perform reflexive actions nor-
but the
character may not rise or move, except perhaps to twitch in
pain and groan. The Storyteller may request a Willpower
roll for the character to do or say anything at all.

APPLYING HEALTH
DaMAGE

Characters may suffer two different types of damag
bashing and lethal. Blunt instruments, punches, kicks or
other similar trauma inflict bashing damage. Guns,

mally — provided the character is conscious

knives and other deadly weapons (or situations) deliver
lethal damage. All types of injuries are cumulative, and
collectively determine they your character's current
Health level.

When marking damage on a wounded character's
Health chart, mark a "/" for each level of bashing damage
and an "X" for lethal damage. Always fill in empty boxes


HERLTH CHART

Health Level Dice Pool
Bruised

penalties.

Hurt

Injured
running speed).

Wounded
walk or jog.

Mauled

Movement Penalty
Slightly contused; your character suffers no movement or dice pool

Superficially hurt; your character suffers no movement penalties.
Hurt; your character's movement is impaired slightly (halve maximum

Significantly wounded; your character may not run, though he may still

dly hurt; your character may hobble no more than three yards per turn.

Extremely hurt; your character may crawl no more than one yard per turn.
Dire injury; possibly unconscious; your character may do nothing, take no
ctions and, if unconscious, attempt only certain reflexives (such as soak).

The only v

first, beginning from the highest Health level (Bruised)
and working down.

When a character suffers a mixture of bashing and
lethal damage, lethal damage goes at the top, bashing
below. Lethal damage accrued by a character already
suffering from one or more levels of bashing damage pushes
the bashing damage down the chart. For example, if a
character has already sustained two levels of bashing dam-
age (and therefore has two "/" marks, one in Bruised and
one in Hurt), then suffers a level of lethal damage, the
character receives an "X" mark in his Bruised box. The two
"?" marks are then pushed down so they occupy the boxes
for Hurt and Injured. The player then applies further
bashing damage to Wounded and beyond, while further
lethal damage begins at Hurt, pushing down any bashing
damage (as described above).

Once a character's Health chart is full of marks —
regardless of whether they are "X" or "/" marks — any
further damage converts any "/" mark to "X" on a one-to-
one basis. At this point, the character is so badly trashed
that there's no longer a distinction between bashing and
lethal damage. Both types of damage simply marks an "X"
over previously recorded bashing damage, again working
from the top down.

Sxample: Kate is on beach and researching in the university
library various legends of the afterlife. She starts when a shelf full
of books tumbles to the marble floor. "Sister," a hollow voice
hisses, echoing up and down the aisles of the empty library. The
scattered books whirl and tumble in a small cyclone, their pages
flapping frenetically before the books sail in her direction, the
impact of the heavy volumes driving her to her knees. The
bibliographic onslaught inflicts three levels of bashing damage , so
her player, Genevieve, marks a "/" next to the first three Health
levels: Bruised, Hurt and Injured. Kate scrambles around the
comer to escape the fusillade. As the furor dies, she hears
footsteps. Glancing up, she sees a student rushing in her
direction, apparently eager to help. Not until too late does she see
the madness in his eyes and the knife in his hand: a skinvider. He
plunges the blade into her chest, and she feels a sick scraping as

ORPHEUS

ay you're getting up is as a ghost.

the tip slides across her rib. The attack inflicts two levels of lethal
damage, so Genevieve marks the Bruised and Hurt boxes with
an "X." Since she already suffered three levels of bashing
damage, she therefore marks a "/" in each of the three wound
levels below Hurt: Wounded, Mauled and Crippled.

Kate's in trouble

All of the above applies to damage dealt to mortals.
Projected sleepers and ghosts work a little differently.
Skimmers, as mentioned before, shunt the damage to their
physical bodies as bashing, applying damage successes not
canceled by soak successes to the Health chart. Unfortu-
nately for skimmers, this sympathetic connection is a
two-way street: Skimmers feel the pain of the wounds
inflicted on their mortal bodies fully and a skimmer's gauze
reflects this. Further, wound penalties accrued by the
skimmer's body are applied to all actions taken by the
skimmer, even in ghost form.

Similarly, sleepers can suffer physical damage while
projecting, though for different reasons. Since a sleeper's
connection to his body is more distant than a skimmer's,
the sympathetic connection is weaker. This means damage
inflicted on asleeper's gauze is not applied to his flesh. This
tenuous link, however, allowsa sleeper to use his body asan
emotional filter of sorts, channeling unwanted Spite points
tohis physical self. While this ability means sleepers are less
likely to be overwhelmed by Spite, it is not without a price.
For each temporary Spite point channeled in this fashion,
the sleeper's body suffers one level of bashing damage that
he cannot soak. Hence, players apply Spite to the Health
chart box as a "e". While a sleeper's connection to his
physical form is weaker than a skimmer's, it is strong
enough that, like a skimmer's, projecting sleepers suffer the
effects of wounds to their mortal shell, including full dice
pool and movement penalties. Outside of this channeling,
projecting sleepers do not suffer health level damage; any
damage applied shreds Vitality as if the sleeper were a true
ghost. Once the sleeper returns to his body, the channeled
Spite points remain in effect as wounds and do not contrib-


ute to an increase in the Spite rating. Instead, sleepers are
subjected to a battery of psychotherapy treatments de-
signed to drain off the excess Spite (treatments Orpheus
trains sleepers to do on their own as well). While not
projecting, sleepers are cleansed of one Spite point per day,
thus healing the injuries at the same time. The next time
the sleeper projects, the player must immediately convert
any remaining Spite points in the Health chart to the Spite
chart, possibly increasing a Spite rating.

Spirits and hues do not suffer Health level damage at
all. Instead, damage shreds their gauze (represented bya loss
of Vitality). While thisfre shosts from the concerns of the
flesh, they are not invulnerable. When reduced to zero
Vitality, the ghost automatically converts a point of ava
able Willpower for three Vitality toremain cogent. A ghost
per reduced to zero Vitality and zero Willpower
before it can reinfuse itself with Vitality discorporates
completely, effectively dying. Before this happens, there
are several means of recourse, however, though few are
without consequence. For more on how damage applies to
Vitality, see the section on Vitality, below.

APPLYING VITRLITY
DAaMAGE

Ghosts and projecting sleepers suffer damage differ-
ently from humans and skimmers even though, just as
whena human isstruck, the character still uses his Stamina
to roll soak. Successful attacks of this nature shred one
point of Vitality for each bashing damage success not
canceled by a soak success, and two points of Vitality for
each lethal damage success.
ample: Craig slipped into the shadows out of habit,
careful to avoid notice. His hunters were good men, and well
trained. He'd served with some of them in a former life. No
longer. They were taut, cool and calculating as they swept the
room. Craig relaxed slightly , confidant that the darkness and his
state would provide sufficient cover.

Then he heard the lead officer bark, "Goggles." Each man
reached for the rigon his head and swung the goggles into position.
They weren't thermal, or light gathering or anything Craig had
ever seen. An unholy red glow outlined each man
Tt gave their faces a skeletal appearance.

They were looking right at him

Calmly, Craigrose tohis feet, confident they couldn' t touch
him. He didn't see the lead officer release his grip on his MP-5
and draw the Sig. The pistol's bark was an exclamation point
punctuating the rattle of automatic gunfire, and Craig felt the
bullet tear through his gauze.

The Storyteller informs Craig's player, Harry, that the
blessed bullet inflicts three points of lethal damage, of which
Craig soaks one. Since he's a Hue, rather than suffering damage
to his Health levels, Craig loses 4 points of Vitality for the two
points of lethal damage that got through!

Shocked, Craig touches the ragged tear in his shoulder. He's
bleeding. He's been dead for months, but he's bleeding again.

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

his gauze fades (see Manifesting, p. 82). He is simply unable
to focus to the degree required to sustain cohesion. Rather
than simply dissipating, this is a gradual process, though
spooks have several options to recover Vitality, as indi-
cated in Chapter Three (see Vitality, p. 188).

HERLING TIMES

Healing takes time, and a severe injury can beach a
projector for weeks, if not months. The following section
explains how humans (including projectors) heal, while
recovering Vitality is discussed in Chapter Three (p. 191).
Every level of damage (or point of Vitality) must be
recovered individually, so a character Incapacitated by
bashing damage must spend the full 12 hours at that level
before recovering to Crippled. Once healed to this point,
he must spend another six hours before reaching Mauled,
and so on. Unlike Health level damage, Vitality points
refresh at a rate of one per hour if the character has a body
and is occupying said body (which means only projectors
can recuperate Vitality so quickly, and only skimmers can
do it when they wish; a sleeper cannot regenerate Vitality
until awake). This also means projectors on beach may act
as batteries for ghostly allies, resting and giving their
compatriots Vitality.

HEALING BRSHING
DAMAGE

Bashing damage, usually accrued through blunt
trauma and brawling combat, heals more quickly than
lethal damage and usually doesn't require special medi-
cal attention. The wounds eventually heal on their own.
That said, such injuries are not without short-term
consequences. A blow to the head may impair a
character's vision or hearing, while internal bruising
may cause excruciating pain until it heals. The nature of
an injury's secondary effects rests with the Storyteller.

HERLING TINESFOR

BASHING DAMAGE
Health Level
Bruised to Wounded
Mauled

Crippled
Incapacitated

Recovery Time
One hour each
Three hours
Six hours
Twelve hours

HEALING LETHAL DAMAGE

Lethal wounds, including those accumulated through
bashing damage beyond incapacitated, place characters in
serious jeopardy and are slow to heal. Such injuries may
result from bullets, blades or even a severe beating, pro-
vided the injury inflicted raises the damage from bashing to
lethal. If the wound itself isn't fatal, the combination of
blood loss, shock and trauma might be.


Any lethal damage beyond Injured requires medical
attention to stabilize the wound. The character must find
away to stop the bleeding, or splint the injury or whatever
else is appropriate to the situation. For every hour that
passes without sufficient medical attention, the character
suffers one further Health level of bashing damage. A
character may attempt to aid himself (provided he is not
Incapacitated), though remember to apply any Health
level penalties to the Medicine roll. A single success on an
Intelligence/Wits + Medicine/Survival roll allows a char-
acter to stop his own bleeding or aid someone else.

Once the character stops the bleeding, he may usually
recover at home with rest and reasonable care. That said,
ifthe character suffered so much damage thathe is Crippled
(or worse), he must receive professional medical attention
atan adequately equipped hospital, doctor's office or clinic.
Failing this, he continues suffering one health level of
lethal damage for each day that passes without treatment.
While the initial injury didn'tkill the character, complica-
tions like infection or organ failure still could.
Storytellers should note that while a skimmer only
suffers bashing damage, there reaches a point when the "/
s becomes "X"s on the Health Chart. When this happens,
the damage is severe enough to cause internal injuries and
thus becomes lethal damage on its own. In these instances,
the Storyteller must treat the injuries as lethal, and thus
apply the preceding rules for healing and recovering.

HEARLING TINESFOR

LETHAL DAMAGE
Health Level
Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled

Recovery
One day
Three days
One week
One month
Two months
Three months
Five months

Incapacitated

STATESOF BEING

Even before their recruitment into Orpheus, the char-
acters lived dangerous lives, constantly skirting the bleeding
edge between life and death. Now that they cross that line
ona regular basis, such issues have only grown worse. Even
ignoring the risk of injury and death (or in the case of ghosts
and projected sleepers, shredding), there are innumerable
threats to the body, the mind and the soul. The following
systems present a variety of ways where the characters can
suffer harm, up to and including death itself.

CROSSING OVER

For the average person, death is to be feared. It is the
undiscovered country, whence noone may return. Agents

of Orpheus have a slightly different perspec
matter, however. Projectors cross this barrier repeat-
edly, and whether they realize it or not are better
prepared to deal with the afterlife than the ordinary
man. Most projectors who die, whether in the line of
duty or otherwise, are reborn as spirits. Those unfortu-
nates who succumb to pigment during life, however, are
in a different situation; regardless of whether they used
the drug at the behest of Terrel & Squib or mainlined/
popped/snorted it for a quick high, deceased pigment
users who undergo multiple near-death experiences
become hues.

Crossing over is a traumatic event, one with which
most people are ill-equipped to cope. It is either a
screaming cacophony of dread and pain or an over-
whelming sense of peace and light. Either way, it's
sometimes too much for the human mind to bear. The
body dies while the soul scrambles to maintain cohesion
and identity. Unfortunately, this is nota kind world, and
the flesh that once provided sanctuary against reality's
harsh inevitabilities evaporates. Suddenly, the soul is
naked, laid bare forall to see including the ghost himself.
Those who succumb to this abrupt chrysalis become
trapped somewhere shy of the afterlife, usually becom-
ing blips or drones. Since projectors deal with this
trauma on a regular basis before their actual death, they
rarely fall victim to this malaise, and instead become
full-fledged ghosts. They know the shock awaiting them
in the "becoming," when they stand revealed to the
world, their flesh and sole defense against reality gone.

DERANGEMENTS

Derangements are the human mind's way of dealing
with events and circumstances that are beyond endur-
ance — or possibly comprehension. When the mind
confronts information and emotions far outside an or-
dered and reasoned reality (even if that reality is a
delusion), it attempts to quell the conflict by introduc-
ing aberrant behavior like schizophrenia or hysteria to
ease or distance the psychological tension.

Ghosts, in particular, are vulnerable to such mental
stresses, since the brain is no longer bound by the need
to preserve the body. Where once flesh and mind worked
in concert toward self-preservation, a ghost's psychol-
ogy harbors no such directive. Drones are especially
vulnerable to manias and neuroses since their repetitive
natures eliminate the mind's need to remain flexible and
adaptable, instead allowing it to adopt patterns that
sustain the prison in which they dwell.

Even if a ghost or projector can handle the day-to-
day psychological stresses placed on him, there are
other, more sinister things lurking at the edges of our
world. Such mysteries can sometimes shatter the ego in
an instant.

AW Hereas in' hinnans dermrigententyiaually areonly
the outward sign of such imbalance, ghosts and projec-

ORPHEUS


tors have other telltales. Derangements often manifest
hand in hand with Stains. Each time a spook gains a new
Stain during play, he must make a Willpower roll (dif-
ficulty equal to his current Spite rating) or gain a
derangement. The Storyteller should work with the
player to determine an appropriate mania, but ulti-
mately, the choice is up to the Storyteller. Botching this
roll turns the ghost or projected entity into a basket case:
He gains two derangements. Beyond this, particularly
traumatic events, like draining a loved one's Vitality,
being tortured or watching a fellow crucible member
become a Spectre are also avenues to gaining derange-
ments. Ultimately, the decision on whether an event
triggers a derangement or not is up to the Storyteller,
though remember that an obsessive/compulsive, hys-
terical, paranoid schizophrenic probably won't be much
fun to roleplay.

Releasing a low Vitality ghost from this existence (as
described in Default Abilities, p. 82, 148-151) can ease the
guilt and stress of existence tremendously. Each time a
character is directly responsible for saving a ghost from all
her tethers, the character may make a Willpower roll
(difficulty equal to his current Spite rating) to eliminate
one derangement from which he currently suffers.

Derangements can be challenging to roleplay in an
accurate fashion, but a little time and research can lead
to an unforgettable roleplaying experienc

FUGUE

Victims of fugue often suffer from blackouts and loss
of memory. These symptoms usually cover a period of
time during which the individual followed a rote series
of behaviors designed to correct circumstances particu-
larly disturbing to the sufferer. These behaviors are rigid
and specific, and rarely differ from incident to incident.
Unlike multiple personality disorder, the victim does
not develop a secondary or tertiary personality to deal
with the problem, and instead locks into a specific set of
patterns. It's like the victim is on autopilot or is sleep-
walking. Decide on the circumstance triggering this
response: Encountering a childlike blip, attack by a
Spectre or suffering a severe loss of Vitality such that
your gauze shows the more extreme signs of your death.

Once the character undergoes the chosen situation,
his playermakesa Willpower roll (difficulty 8). If failed, the
character enters a trance-like state. The player should
roleplay this situation; failure to do so means the character
passes to the Storyteller's control for a number of scenes
equal to the die roll. During this period, the Storyteller may
have the character act as he sees fit to remove the source of
anxiety. At the end of the fugue, the character regains
consciousness with no memory of his actions.

HYSTERIA

A character in the grip of hysteria cannot check his
emotions, and suffers from severe mood swings and violent
fits when subjected to stress or anxiety. Hysterical behavior

OGHAPTER FOUR

2
WORKING THE SYSTEM ds


is usually characterized by an inability to calm down,
whether from fright, anger or grief. Storytellers should
decide on a trigger particular to the character that prompts
his episodes, such as confronting Spectres, confinement or
combat.

Whenever the character encounters a situation that
could trigger his hysteria, his player must make a Will-
power roll to avoid suffering the derangement's effects.
The difficulty is usually 6, though it may rise to 8 if the
stress is especially sudden or severe.

mAanic-DEPRESSION

Manic-Depressives suffer extreme mood swings, u
ally resulting from severe trauma or anxiety. It seems as
though the sufferer has two distinct personalities: One
cheery and confident, the other pessimistic and lethargic.

This disorder can be particularly severe in gho:
While in life, the need for self-preservation encourages
the mind to temper its emotional state; a ghost, how-
ever, suffers no such restriction. Whenever a character
fails a task, the Storyteller may make a secret Willpower
roll (difficulty 8). If the player fails the roll, his character
lapses into bitter depression. If the player botches any
roll (or his temporary Willpower drops below 2), the
character automatically suffers the effects of Manic-
Depression. Thanks to their emotionally mercurial state,
ghosts recover quickly and the effects of this derange-
ment last only for the remainder of the scene.

A character in a depressed state shreds one point of
Vitality every hour for the duration of the scene. When
he emerges from his funk, he is relentlessly upbeat and
energetic, driven by his mania. During the following
scene, the character gains one Spite rating temporarily
(unless this propels him into Spectre-hood), which
drains off at the end of the scene when the character's
emotional state stabili

neo AaLOMANnIA

Those afflicted with this derangement obsess over
accumulating power and wealth, regardless of personal
cost. This perceived growth in stature salves the
individual's latent insecurities by reassuring him that
he's the baddest motherfucker on the block. The char-
acter is invariably arrogant and supremely sure of his
abilities, thoroughly convinced of his own superiority.
Megalomaniacal behavior can take many forms, from
unconscionable violence to intricate schemes designed
to demonstrate the individual's superior mind. These
individuals perceive any individual of equal or greater
status than themselves as "competition."

Characters with this derangement struggle con-
stantly to rise to the top of the world, and if they can't,
they strive to make the world a little smaller until they
can. The character may try proving himself better than
everyone else. When that fails, he discounts the rest of
the worldand works to be better than anyone in Orpheus.

In the megalomaniac's worldview, there are two types of
people: The weak and the competition. This belief
extends to everyone, even close friends and loved ones.
This derangement grants the character an extra die on
all Willpower rolls, thanks to the character's supreme —
and likely affected — confidence.

MULTIFLE PERSONALITIES

Those suffering Multiple Personality Disorder are
driven to create additional "selves" as a means of shelter
against some trauma. Usually, this allows the primary
personality to deny the experience or his subsequent
actions by blaming the incidents on "someone else."
Sometimes, MPD sufferers create only a single addi-
tional self, though just as often, there can be as many as
three, four or more. Regardless, a secondary personality
usually only responds to a specific emotional stimulus:
An abused child might develop a "bad boy" persona to
justify the abuse, while a rape victim's second personal-
ity might be childlike, unable to understand the
magnitude of the crime committed against her.

The Storyteller should work with the player to
determine how many and what kind of personalities his
character manifests, as well as the emotional triggers for
these other selves. Each personality should be justified
by the event that caused it. Each personality is distinct,
and is sometimes even capable of completely different
tasks from the primary personality. Occasionally, sec-
ondary or tertiary personalities can exhibit Abilities far
different from the primary self, perhaps going so far as to
have a different Nature and Shade. It is up to the
Storyteller to determine the specifics of each MPD case.

OB8BSESSIVE/COMPULSIVE

Particularly traumatic occurrences often force the
mind to focus attention away from the event, and to occupy
itself withasingle repetitive behavior oraction. Usually, an
obsession is a symptom of the individual's desire to exert
control over his environment, while a compulsion is a
habitual action or routine that soothes deep-seated anx
eties. A character can be obsessed with personal cleanliness,
quiet or privacy; potential compulsions include precisely
ordering a series of items, a projector constantly returning
to his body to ensure its safety or praying every few hours for
vation from this purgator

If a character is obs ‘e/compulsive, the Story-
teller should work with the player to determine an
appropriate set of actions or behaviors, as exemplified
above. The character strives to follow such a routine to
the exclusion of all else, even if his behavior endangers
himself or his crucible. The character may ignore the
disorder for one scene by spending a Willpower point.

PRARAROOFA

Paranoids believe that not only does their suffering
and grief have a cause, but that cause has a name.
Everyone is out to get them. They obsess over their

ORPHEUS


persecution complexes, often spinning vast and intri-
cate webs of conspiracy designed to explain who tortures
them and why. Anyone the character believes is "one of
them" becomes the subject of his rage, fear or — at the
very least — distrust.

Characters who suffer from paranoia have trouble
interacting with others; the difficulties of all Social dice
rolls increase by one. The character is distrustful of
everyone and even keeps fellow operatives at arm's
length. The slightest indication of suspicious behavior
—real or imagined — is enough to provoke a Willpower
roll to retain control, with the difficulty determined by
the Storyteller based on the severity of the incident.
Possible examples of "them" include law enforcement
authorities, NextWorld or even all the blips who are
scheming to drag a character "down."

SCHIZOPHRENA

Schizophrenia is usually characterized by conflicting,
unresolved feelings or impulses, and it usually manifests in
withdrawal from reality, radical behavior shifts, hallucina-
tions and, sometimes, even violence. Schizophrenia is the
derangement most people commonly recognize as "cra
and it can cause anything from conversations with furni-
ture, to delusions of grandeur (like believing yourself the
first Emperor of the United States), to acknowledging and
following yourcat'smurderous demands. Storytellersshould
note that characters who communicate with unmanifested
spooks will most likely be diagnosed as schizophrenic by the
medical community.

Portraying this derangement requires careful consider-
ation, since you must decide on a set of behaviors relevant
to the trauma responsible for the derangement. Hallucina-
tions, bizarre behavior and delusions spring from an
intractable conflict of self that cannot be resolved. First,
determine the nature of this conflict, then decide on what
kind of behavior it causes.

When exposed to situations triggering this derange-
ment, a character may spend a Willpower point to
cts until the scene concludes.

ignore the e

OSERSE

Ghosts, thanks to their very nature, are removed from
the ravages of disease save for those symptoms exhibited in
theirdeath marks (which aren'tactually diseases but memo-
ries of the person's mortality). Projectors, however, are not
spared from such misfortunes. While a projector's gauz
free from such dangers, the body is not as fortunate, and an
unlucky projector can pick up a disease on beach. Since
Orpheus maintainsstrict decontamination procedures both
prior to and following projection (especially with sleepers),
this is rarely a worry. Serious diseases, however — or those
with no known cure — present a danger nonetheless

That said, Orpheus takes good advantage of its disem-
bodied agents' immunity to disease. This ability means
Orpheus deploys ghosts where no human agent can safely

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

go, and the government is well aware of this advantage. A
particularly effective crucible, for example, might find itself
investigating the danger of a Third World nation's chemi-
cal and biological weapons assets.

Even though Orpheus carefully screens its opera-
tives for contamination, it is loath to cut loose an
operative, even if he is infected. Though infected pro-
jectors are isolated from their compatriots in body (most
are assigned to sleeper duty), they can operate normally
in the field, since no known contaminants are transmit-
table from gauze to gauze.

Characters with appropriate training can develop anti-
dotes and remedies for diseases. Although finding a cure for
HIV should not occur within the framework of your game, an
Intelligence + Medicine roll (difficulty 7) allows a character
the presence of HIV, hepatitis or other ailments
(provided the character has access to the appropriate equip-
ment). Perhaps the character can even prepare a "cocktail"
of drugs to forestall such diseases' progress. Developing a cure
for less tenacious diseases can still take days, months or even
years. This is an extended action (Intelligence + Medicine),
witha goal of 10 successes or more depending on the severity
of the ailment. Similarly, the difficulty depends on the nature
of the disease. Further, particularly exotic or ill-understood
diseases may require as many as 100 successes. Generally,
researching a cure allows one roll per week of lab time,
assuming roughly 40 hours of work.

to dete

If a character suffers from a disease, he may accrue
damage over time depending on the disease's virulence and
his Stamina. The Storyteller determines how often the
character must face damage from this mal: and how many
dice compose the damage dice pool. Usually, diseases do
bashing damage, but a particularly deadly pathogen might
cause lethal damage. Further, the difficulty on the soak roll
could increase over time, with the disease spreading through-
out the character's system, gradually overcoming his natural
defenses. While ghosts are in no danger of infection, projec-
tors suffer this damage normally; remember that damage to
the flesh impedes a projector's gauze, as well.

DROWNING

While ghosts and projecting entities do not need air to
survive, the same can't be said of humans. A human can
drown if submerged completely, if held underwater, or if a
swimming roll botches and the Storyteller is cranky that
night. A human can hold his breath as indicated on the
following chart:

Stamina Holding Breath

30 seconds
One minute

Two minutes
Four minutes
Eight minutes


Players may spend Willpower to continue holding
their character's breath beyond the time allotted on the
table above; each point spent grants another 30 seconds if
Stamina is 3 or lower, or another full minute if Stamina is
4 or higher.

When a character can no longer hold his breath, he
begins drowning or suffocating, depending on the environ-
ment, until dead or rescued. A drowning character suffers
one lethal health level each turn, with no soak roll. The
healing period doesn't begin until the character stops
suffering such damage. When a drowning or suffocating
character reaches Incapacitated, he survives for one addi-
tional minute per point of Stamina, at which point, he dies.

Drowning cannot harm ghosts in this fashion since
their gauze has no need for oxygen to sustain itself.

ELECTROCUTION

While 50,000 volts can put a crimp in almost anybody's
day, it does little harm to ghosts and projected entities. As with
most damage incurred to a ghost's gauze, electrical damage
simply shreds one pointof Vitality per turn ofexposure until the
ghost spends a point of Willpower to render himself immune
to physical damage for the scene. Humans (and beached
projectors) are notso fortunate. Ifa vulnerable character comes
in contact with a source of electricity without appropriate
insulation, he suffers damage as dictated on the following table:

Health Level
One
Two

urn Electrical Source
Minor; wall socket
Major; vehicle battery

Three Severe; protectivefence, junction box
Four

Fatal; main feed line, subway rail

Characters reduced to Incapacitated by electrical dam-
age may suffer some long-term disability, ranging from
physical impairment (loss of Physical Attributes) tomemory
loss or brain damage (loss of Mental Attributes) to disfig-
urement (reduced Appearance). The Storytellerdetermines
whethera character's injuries are severe enough to warrant
any of these.

£xXxPLOsives
Type Damage Conceal
Incendiary* 4 P
Concussion** 8 F
Shredding 10 P
Single Destructive 15 Pp

20 Variabl

Although electrical damage can be debilitating, charac-
ters can undertake precautions. A sufficiently grounded
character will suffer reduced damage, while a character
standing knee deep in water may suffer more. While armor
won'tgrant soak dice against electricity, grounded characters
may roll between O and 3 soak dice at the Storyteller's option.

EXPLOSIVES

Ghosts and projected entities subjected to explosive
damage simply lose one point of Vitality per turn or scene,
depending on their condition (and provided the explosives
aren't supernatural in some way). Explosives vary widely in
powerand application, from incendiary devices thatsimply
start fires to fragmentation devices that send showers of
deadly shrapnel in every direction. Characters can use
explosivesagainst enemies or objects, including pipe bombs,
plastique, dynamite or even fireworks.

Storytellers should remember that while explosives are
not readily available to the average Joe, Orpheus is well-
connected enough that they might procure such hardware
Provided the need is sufficient, the characters might even
receive military-grade devices.

A character may throw explosives, like grenades or pipe
bombs, or set them in stationary locations and detonate them
with timers or remote triggers. When a character throws an
explosive, the player rolls Dexterity + Demolitions/Athletics
to determine the accuracy of the toss. If the bomb is set to
explode to the tune of a timer or trigger, the player should roll
Dexterity + Stealth to place it without being detected and
Wits/Intelligence + Demolitions to determine whether the
character configured the bomb correctly. A botch on this roll
may very well detonate the bomb on the spot or indicate that
the character dropped a live grenade at his feet

A grenade or bomb does damage as indicated on the
Explosives Chart, that value being the damage inflicted at
ground zero. Reduce damage by one die foreach yard beyond the
epicenter. Extrasuccessesscored inan explosivesattack (whether
thrown or set) do not increase the damage inflicted.

If an ‘explosives attack roll misses, the Storyteller
should determine where and when the explosion takes

Exemplar
Molotov Cocktail
Concussion Grenade
Fragmentation Grenad:
Stick of Dynamite

Plastique

vices ignite the target (see Fire, below). Damage delivered by the explosion is bashing, though

damage caused by fire is lethal.

oncussion explosives deliver bashing damage and knock down the target (see Knockdown, p.

*Timed or triggered bombs that holda variable

damage to surrounding structur

X).

mount of dynamite, plastique or similar explosives cause
and ignite flammable materials, which complicate damage. The


place and whom it catches in the blast. The intended target
is always assumed outside such a blast radius. For thrown
explosives, randomly determine a direction from the target
where the blast occurs, then place the explosion far enough
from the target such that he escapes unscathed. For set
explosives, determine how much time passes before the
device actually detonates, if it explodes at all.

Unless stated otherwise, explosives inflict lethal dam-
age. Armor can protect against the force of an explosion, as
well as the shrapnel, but unless the armor specifically
protects against heat and flame, incendiary devices inflict
full damage, even against armored targets.

The Explosives Chart details a few examples from the
broad spectrum of explosives. Many variables exist in bomb

construction, so feel free to create your own unique recipe
fora whole mess of destruction in a teeny-tiny living space.

FARLLING

Legend has it that those who fall from great heights are
dead before they ever hit the ground, and the fact that
spooks suffer damage from falls as though still living lends
some credence to this story. Barring supernatural attacks,
falling damage is the only way a physical, mundane event
can harm an unmanifested ghost or projected sleeper
(though as usual they shred Vitality rather than suffer
health levels). Regardless, the chart below lists the number
of damage dice the Storyteller rolls. If a character falls 30
feet or less, he can mitigate damage by clutching
outcroppings or tumbling upon impact. Make a Dexterity
+ Athletics roll against the difficulty listed on the chart.
Each success on this roll reduces the damage dice pool of the
fall by one, while a botch moves the fall one step up on the
table (so a fall of 30 feet becomes a fall of 40 feet). Any
remaining damag
character rolls soak normally. Ifa character falls more than
30 feet, noamount of acrobatics can help: Damage is lethal,
and cannot be soaked.

successes are bashing, against which the

Certain types of armor may help characters resist
bashingorlethal damage inflicted bya fall, at the Storyteller's
discretion (though even then, it provides only half its usual
protection). The surface upon which a ghost or projected
entity lands makes little difference. Humans, on the other
hand, benefit greatly from falling into water or on a soft
surface, as opposed to concrete. The numbers on the chart
assume a hard surface ends the character's fall.

FRLULLING DAMAGE
Feet Save Roll

10 Dex + Athletics
20 Dex + Athletics

30 Dex + Athletics
40 None
50 None
60 None

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM

FIRE

The nature, extent and temperature of a fire all influ-
ence its destructiveness. The greatest danger arises when
clothes ignite, as the character continues suffering damage
even after the initial onset of flames. While ghosts and
projected entities do suffer damage from fire normally when
manifesting, they aren't very flammable. The incorporeal
nature of gauze prevents the character from igniting. The
Storyteller rolls no dame
simply loses health levels as if the Storyteller rolled suc-
cesses. Further, fire is lethal damage, and characters may
not soak it unless wearing protective garments specifically
designed to mitigate the effects of fire and extreme heat.

Health Levels/ Turn Size of Fire

One Clothing or hair on fire;
body part exposed to torch
or similar small flame.
Bonfire; half the body
posed to extensive flames.

ge dice for fire; the character

Two

Three

Inferno; entire body en-
gulfed in raging fire.

POISONS #NDORUGS

A poisonous or intoxicating substance introduced into
the body limits a character's ability to perform, at best.
worst, it's deadly. It's impossible to discuss every poison or
drug a character might encounter, but the list below offers
direction on how to handle the more common examples.

While it is difficult — if not impossible — for a ghost
to abuse such substances, projectors are not so blessed. In
fact, instances of drug and alcohol abuse among projectors
are disproportionately high compared to the populace at
large. This is mostly because Orpheus recruits survivors of
multiple near-death experiences. A few are simply un-
lucky, but many seek outsuch situations, either consciously
or unconsciously. Drug and alcohol abuse fits right in with
this bleeding edge lifestyle

* Alcohol: At Storyteller's discretion, subtract one die
from any Dexterity, Perception, Intelligence or Wits dice
pool for every drink a character has in the space of an hour.
This effect fades at the rate of one die per hour until the
penalty falls to zero and the alcohol is purged from the
character's system

Damage Dice
2 (bashing)
5 (bashing)
10 (bashing)
10 (lethal)
10 (lethal)
10 (lethal)


© Cocaine/crack/speed: A character may experience a
+1 increase in Strength or Stamina while on any of these
drugs, but he may also become edgy and paranoid. The
Storyteller determines the impact of the drug, based on the
volume consumed, its purity and the character's state of
mind. A particularly vicious dose might cause a character to
suffer the effects of Paranoia for the scene (see Derange-
ments, p. 238).

© Hallucinogens: All dice pools lose one to three dice
depending on the strength of the drug. A character under the
influence may suffer confusing, frightening or infuriating
hallucinations, though he may realize these things are occur-
ring only in his mind, particularly if he's aware of the drug's
presence in his system. This requires an Intelligence +
Streetwise/Empathy roll, difficulty 6. The difficulty rises to 8
if the character is unaware he's doped up. Depending on the
nature of the trip, the character may actually gain dice in a
pool for a relevant Trait that's enhanced by the drug. The
fect lasts for (8 - Stamina) hours.

¢ Heroin/Morphine/Barbiturates: Each of these drugs
is a strong painkiller, but they cause the character to enter a
dreamy state for (8 - Stamina) hours. During this time, the
player reduces all the character's dice pools by two, but dice
pool penalties incurred by Health level damage are also
halved (rounded down).

© Marijuana: For every hitacharacter takes fromajoint
or bong within an hour, subtract one die from any Dexterity,
Perception, Intelligence or Wits dice pools. This effect fades
completely within one hour of the character's last toke,
unless he resumes lighting up.

¢ Pigment: Also called "black heroin," pigment is the
latest drug to hit the streets. Pigment is highly addictive but
cheap, and it has rapidly spread among both casual and
habitual drug users. Ravers, college students and hard core
addicts alike all ride the "midnight train." While most users
treat pigment as a street variant of heroin — indeed, the
effects are roughly similar — pigment is also a mild halluci-
nogen and is taken in a variety of forms. The casual drug
crowd pops pigment pills, while hardcore addicts shoot or
smoke it. An unusual side effect of the drug, however, is that
users frequently reportseeing "ghosts." Although most people
dismiss the: ims, Orpheus believes the drug gives people
the ability to spot a projector or a ghost's gauze. Why this is
so remains unclear, as is the reason why pigment addicts who
undergo near-death experiences become hues. Orpheus is
still trying to research the matter, and is asking agents to
procure the drug when onassignments if it doesn't jeopardize
the mission or Orpheus' reputation.

Pigment has various effects depending on how a user
introduces it into his body. Each persists for [8 minus
Stamina] hours. The drug acts asa hallucinogen for smokers.
They experience a trippy high in which the gates of the
subconscious open wide and old memories flood forth in five-
sense stereo. Those for whom a Wits + Awareness roll
succeeds (difficulty 6) can sift through memories and focus

ORPHEUS

onpleasantones. Those for whom aroll failsare simply along
for the ride, while those whose rolls botch remember hor-
rible, terrible things they thought they'd forgotten. Most
pigment smokers can see ghosts, but often mistake them for
errant memories. They can't project, nor can they hear
spirits, and they lose one die on all dice-pools for any action
pursued in this state.

Pill poppers enjoy a high somewhere between that of a
hallucinogen and heroin. It's an ecstatic state in which the user
grows sedate and sexually aroused, but the neural bundles that
dictate what each sense comprehends seem to misfire. Users
undergo synesthesia, tasting colors, smelling music or hearing
tactile stimuli, thus partially accounting for the hallucinogenic
effects of the drug. Some people experience full-blown phan-
tasms, with the same Wits + Awareness roll (difficulty 6)
described above required to control the images. A pill popper's
Willpower drops by half, while all dice rolls for them suffera two-
die penalty. Poppers can not only see ghosts, they hear them as
well. They also sense the tethers between their bodies and souls
snapping. Some mightseea gauze arm emerge from theirreal arm
orfind themselves hovering above their bodies fora few seconds.
Fewusershave the wherewithal tocomplete the process, though.
Those who do must really concentrate (expending two Will-
power points) to walk out of their bodies and effectively project.
The effort makes them extremely vulnerable — both mentally
and physically —to predation by actual ghosts, which is why few
who manage to reach this state do so a second time. When the
effectsofthe drugsubside, apopperis left with one Willpowerand
is probably "burnt" from the experience. See below for the effects
of pigment projection.

The final means of taking pigmentis mainlining directly
into the bloodstream, as with heroin. These effects are
similar to barbiturates', detailed above, except that the user
can see, hear and speak with ghosts as though they're living
beings. He can also project by spending one Willpower
point. This is the preferred method of projecting among the
street crowd (street projectors). Their Willpower rating
functions as their Vitality rating (asa quick rule of thumb for
supporting characters). Those with very low Willpower are
equal to drones and blips, while those of singular intent are
almost equal in strength to the characters, but without
Horrors. Storytellers may rule that regular street projectors
can eventually use Horrors and even manifest, but such
individuals are few and far between.

¢ Poison: Thenatureand strength of the poison determines
how badly it damages a victim and how often. Asa general rule,
a character suffers one to three levels of bashing damage per
scene. Particularly deadly poisons may inflict more injury, cause
lethal damage or even hurt a character every tun. The damage
continuesaccumulating until the effects wear off orthe character
receives an antidote.

© Salmonella: Characters contract Salmonella by consum-
ing contaminated food. Within an hour of eating, a character
becomes nauseated and suffers one Health level of bashing
damage (nosoak). Thereafter, he loses one die fromall Dexterity
and Strength dice pools for (8 - Stamina) hours.


TEMPERATURE
EXTREMES

Extreme heat or cold can severely impair a character's
effectiveness, from his physical ability to his cognitive functions
and reasoning. The core temperature of the human body gener-
allyhoversaround98degreesFahrenheit,andwhileourphysiology
canaccountfortiny variances, evena few degrees up ordowncan
spell disaster. Hypothermia and heat stroke both have dire
consequences for humans, though the disembodied are immune
to these effects.

While thesystemsbelow portray the dangers of extreme heat
and cold, rememberthat the human body acclimatesitselftolocal
weather conditions over time. A character from the Caribbean
feels the effects of extreme cold long before an Alaskan!

HYPOTHERMIA

Generally, hypothermia is not a danger unless the
temperature falls below about 40 degrees Fahrenheit. That
said, wind and rain increase the risk dramatically, and
symptoms of hypothermia can appear at temperatures
high as 60 degrees. A drop in core temperature brings on a
variety of symptoms including weakness and fatigue (in early
stages); loss of coordination and judgment (later); and finally
drowsiness, unconsciousness and death. Provided a charac-
ter dresses appropriately to his environment, there is no
danger. That said, ifa character is caught out in the cold, the
Storyteller should roll for damage. For every five degrees

as

below 40 (circumstances depending), the character suffers
one die of bashing damage, which she may soak normally.
The Storyteller should make this roll every 5 minutes,
though in particularly extreme circumstances, this period
may beshorter. For each health level of damage incurred, the
character suffers a one die penalty to all rolls (in addition to
penalties incurred by Health damage).

HEART STROHE

Contrary to common belief, heat stroke is not necessar-
ilya result of exercise or exertion. High temperatures, lack of
bodily fluids and overexposure to the elements can all bring
about heat stroke. The very young and old are especially
susceptible to the hazards of this condition. The first symp-
tom is red, flushed skin and an inability to sweat. This
condition further exacerbates the problem as the body is
unable to shed excess heat through sweating. Further along,
the victim may suffer headaches; rapid, weak and irregular
pulse; seizures; unconsciousness; and ultimately... death.
Heat stroke can be a danger in climates as low as 80 degrees
Fahrenheit, though appropriate attire pushes the margin of
safety a bit higher. Provided a character dresses suitably, the
Storyteller shouldn't invoke these rules unless the tempera-
ture rises to over 105 degrees Fahrenheit. In that case, the
character suffers one level of bashing damage, which he
cannot soak by any means. This damage accumulates at a
rate of one health level every 5 minutes and may not be
healed until the character escapes to cooler environs.

CHAPTER FOUR
WORKING THE SYSTEM


Somewhere else my heart was beating, but slowly, a forgotten pulse
in a sleeping body that was being kept safe for me. Somewhere else I
was having a nice nap. If the body was a separate entity from the soul,
then my body had currently earned by far the better part of the deal.

The cellar was stacked high with cardboard boxes and packages, stuffed
so full of ODs that they creaked gently as they settled. Farlier, I had
dropped down through the floor above, and I chose not to manifest yet.
It was mine o'clock in the evening, and the staff had already gone home.
There wasn't supposed to be any sound in the rooms any noise should have
come from the street outside... the hooting of maneuvering cars and the
casual, fast-paced chatter of passing friends.

Again, the shriek: Brief and agonized.

It came from the corner of the room, behind the high stack of anime
music, by the wall bordering the sewer. I considered waiting for the others
to join me, or returning to report what I'd heard — positive evidence
of a manifestation... yes; definite proof there was something down here...
yes$ now would you mind coming back with me in case the horrible thing
jumps out from behind the door and eats my face? — but decided against
it.

I'd looked at my immediate future a few hours earlier, after all, and
it hadn't included horrible vivisected aborted babies chewing on my
stripped bones. What I saw was myself running through the sewers, holding
something small in my arms, trying to stay ahead of the crucible... my
orucible. Of course, I didn't know whether they were trying to kill me,
or save me from myself, or....

It was painfully clear why most Biblical prophets had gone to live
in the desert. It cut down on the if/then alternatives drastically.

I was wasting time. Still intangible, I drifted through the stack and
looked down at what lay beyond it.

The creatures lay in a puddle of dark ooze that might have been blood,
squirming and twisting around each other in a hateful mimicry of nesting
animals. One opened its mouth and screamed again as I watched, the sound


echoing around the cellar and humming painfully at the back of my neck.
Their eyes had been put out, the skin ripped from their bodies, their
legs broken and patterms cut into their flayed flanks. They weren't
children. They were cats. Or rather, they had been cats ance.

Haven't seen animal ghosts before. Interesting. Part of my brain marked
the matter for future consideration. The rest of my mind considered the
wasteful action of throwing up. Poor, pitiful, agonized little creatures,
trapped here, caught in an endless moment of whimpering pain. Drone=
class ghosts, I decided, without any real intelligence or motivation apart
from the few shreds of memory that life had left them.

I knelt down a careful few steps away from the writhing puddle of
creatures. This was a surprise. I had expected the ghosts of babies, given
the history of this places the home of a convicted abortionist over a
century ago, all the pain and misery that should logically have been
impressed into the cellar walls. And yet... cats, no babies. So, someone
must have killed the cats. But in that case, what happened to the babies?

There was a crash from behind me, and I started to my feet, turning
toward the noise. Thin, silvery threads wrapped themselves around fallen
ODs that had spilled from a carelessly piled stack. The plastic cases
whipped toward me in a quick, clawlike motion, and I dodged, throwing
myself to one side and rolling through the next pile of boxes. The OD
eases buried themselves in the side of the pile that I'd just dived through
like shuriken. More silver threads drifted through the air after me,
with the slow leisurely grace of a stalking cat.

I circled, avoiding another strike from the spectral claws, and caught
sight of the ghost. Like the others, it had been a cat ance, but it had
more cohesion than they did, and fewer apparent wounds; there was a feral
spark to its eyes, and foam fell from its mouth to vanish upon touching
the floor. It mewled, a sharp painful sound, and the blips scrambled from
the pool of blood and ooze to answer its call, lengthening claws scraping
and serabbling, mouths open and hungry, blinded eyes turning...

..-burming toward me....


| aie

FS

pear oa

a

ee

"The oruel_ "irony isy I'm capable of stuff that
other magicians don't even dream of... but only 4».
when I'm dead." we.

— John "Blink" Carruthers
Gloria Sullivan: What doesn't 1321. you "
defines you. - eels

~

wh

ry

— Zero Effect

wv.


at ae <a Dae

Assuming the role of Storyteller isa daunting propo-
sition. Yes, it puts you in the position of knowing a little
more of "what's happening" in the world of Orpheus.
Likewise, it allows you to guide a troupe through the
storyline we've provided — you and your players can
discover the unfolding events of the Orpheus Group
together. On the other hand, acting as Storyteller also
means assuming control of the game and, therefore,
riding the thin line between too tight a narrative and too
little focus. This, to say nothing of the minutia of
ensuring the players can meet at certain times and
adjusting the chronicle for the inevitable absences,
tardiness and general drama accompanying any troupe.

This chapter is meant to give the Storyteller as
strong a framework as possible for running Orpheus; it
discusses the world the characters inhabit, the charac-
ters themselves, what possibilities exist for stories and
some general guidelines for running games. You'll also
find rules and tables for "saving" other ghosts, plus ideas
for Storytelling chronicles for characters who are not
part of Orpheus Group.

BEFORE WE BEGIN

Before diving into the meat of this chapter,
we'd like toremind the Storyteller that Orpheus is
a limited series with a selected number of books.
That means each book has a specific story arc
associated with it. This also means we've written
the books with the assumption that youare playing
through the ongoing chronicle we've designed.
Now, doés that mean you must play that chronicle?

Hell, no.

You can diverge from "our" plotline any time
your troupe wishes. In fact, we encourage it — if your
players-decide something you intended as a red

herringisreally interesting and decide, asa group, to

pursue-it, let that herring grow into a full-fledged
story. Nurture and encourage player unity. That
means your troupe is having fun with Orpheus,
which is really what we hoped would happen. In

fact, just because the books supplementing this tome
are written with specific stories in mind does not
mean there will be no useful information in them for
Storytellers ignoring the pre-planned story arc. It
just means Orpheus's setting is fairly specific, and
while that might seem limiting, there's a lot you can
do within that setting. Indeed, each supplement in
the line provides all kinds of new tricks, capabilities
and options for character development. With those
kinds of avenues open, your players could take the
game in almost any direction.

THE WORLD OF
ORF HEUS

Understanding the world in which the characters
live (or, in some cases, exist) is critical to understand-

ing the characters themselves, and therefore to running
the game. Orpheus is much like our modern world.
People still connect with others across the globe by
means of computers, and they still fight over the
pettiest details. War rages over many countries, and
humanity blindly destroys the very Earth upon which
we live. People search for faith, some turning back to
ancient beliefs (or recent facsimiles thereof), some
looking to the more accepted denominations. Noth-
ing too unfamiliar so far by society's general

perceptions.

The difference comes when you look deeper into
the shadows. In our "real" world, a darkened alley at
night might hold any number of human and mundane
dangers, but we understand and are even prepared for
them. In the world of the characters, those same
shadows might hide muggers, rapists or other human
perils — but they could just as easily hide a shambling
corpse inhabited by a malevolent ghost. The young
girl left home alone has every reason to fear opening
the closet door. The giggling teenagers clustered
around a Ouija board in a basement might very well
call up something horrific. The supernatural is very
real, not that this means people believe in it. Just like
the real world, nearly everyone has a "ghost story" to
tell but most people look askance at anyone else's
supernatural experiences. Society labels as lunatics
people who insist they've seen ghosts, and almost
viciously debunks them. Even Orpheus has its detrac-
tors. People believe the skeptics over the folks who
claim a supernatural experience, no matter how flimsy
the logic of their criticisms, because a world without
ghosts is so much more comfortable. After all, if the
price of believing in ghosts is the knowledge, or even
the suspicion, that every sudden chill is a spiritual
intruder in the room, that a howl outside the window
might be the wind or a vengeful shade, most people
would rather not believe. This attitude is very com-
forting, until the moment a ghost forcibly makes its
presence known; then the hapless skeptics have no
protection, psychologically, spiritually or physically.

This is where the Orpheus Group and similar
organizations come in, of course. They know ghosts
exist and that these beings can affect, and even harm,
the living. What they choose to do about it (and how
much they charge) is another matter.

GHOSTS #FNoO
HUMANITY

The living and the dead inhabit the same world.
There is no "spirit world" that ghosts and projected
entities can escape to, at least none that any member of
Orpheus has ever reported. Likewise, spooks perceive
the world in the same way humans do. Death (or
projection) does not skew one's vision in and of itself,
although nothing says ghosts and projected entities
cannot perceive the world in inappropriate ways, just as
disturbed people do.

Most ghosts do not see others, or even most humans,
except insofar as they factor into the ghosts' routines. In
fact, most don't know they are dead at all (some might
even believe they work for an organization that allows
them project their souls out from their bodies and speak
with the dead... but more on alternate preludes below).
Regardless of how much a ghost realizes or does not

about her condition, however, she sees the world
ame way a human being might (barring the use
of powers that alter her perceptions). This means she
interacts with the world in much the same way — she
can't see through doors or hear through sound-proof
glass (although she can, of course, walk right through
either one).

GHosTseno eames iF

While not specifically a Default Ability, the effects of
amnesia are worth noting here as endemic to different
spooks. People rarely accept what preternatural reality
sometimes: throws their way, and instead, try justifying
their encounters with the supernatural in the simplest,
most logical terms. Glowing eyes are nothing but an odd
reflection of light; Spectre-ridden dogs the s
escaped lions from the zoo... everything has its place.

Everything.

In Orpheus, however, society has become more
inured to the thought of ghosts. Everyone has a story to
tell, and whether they believe in spirits or not, they still
share their tales in whispers while glancing at the dark
corners of the room, as though the very underworld were
listening. With the Orpheus Group and Terrel & Squib
offering scientific plausibility for spectral phenomenon,
increasing numbers of people are inclined to believe in
ghosts — and ma one. They believe the
stories about the rocking chair that still moves at night,
or the flash-sight of a ghost reflected in the mirror. They
believe in the daytime mediums who pander solely to
the Nielsen Ratings, and they call psychic hotlines for
some significant insight into their own lives. They want
desperately to believe, and Orpheus Group validates
their faith. In fact, some folks blame common events on
ghosts, just to have participated in the phenomenon. A

ze of horses are

cool breeze on a summer day whips through the room
and pushes a door shut. In the recounting, Mrs.
Pendergrass felt a cold presence brush by her arm and
slam the door before her — it was her dead sister sending
he often does on cool summer da‘

her a message

Wheninnocentpeople catch sightof ghosts in Orpheus,
they're less likely to leave the scene screaming. They'll
probably remember the event and ghoulishly treasure it
forever. They brushed shoulders with the supernatural...
and survived. If only it were that simple. Orpheus Group
wisely neglects to mention that not all ghosts are nice or
harmless, and that somewhere in the room's dark corners,
the shadows sometimes stare back. Thus, seeing a ghost
may dolittle to frighten most people, but being spun around
in a vortex of appliances can easily scare the most ardent
believer to forget or gloss over the event. Hence, amnesia.
What frightens people most isn't that they saw a ghost, it's
the realization of how vulnerable they are to an opponent
they can't see, touch or escape. There is no refuge from
ghosts and Spectres, and that's enough to frighten people
into forgetting.

In Orpheus, the act of spending Vitality in the
presence of anormal person can be dangerous. Manifest-
ing is rarely a problem, even if the character's death
marksare highly visible. The witness may be disgusted or
shocked by the ghost's appearance, but she remembers
the encounter. The forgetful victim syndrome occurs
only if 1) the character uses a visible Horror (Helter
Skelter, Witch's Nimbus when manifesting), 2) the
Horror is physically destructive or detrimental, and 3)
the Vitality expended in the effect exceeds the witness'
Wits rating by one. Thus, someone with one dot in Wits
isn't immediately spooked by zero- and one-Vitality
Horror effects and can see them without panicking,
while someone with 4 Wits can see most Horrors with-
out freaking out. Consider Helter Skelter. Most people
are frightened by a cup moving across a table, but they
remember it. Throw in an appliance storm by expending
more Vitality, and an onlooker is likely to succumb to
shock and amnesia. If the effect in Vitality exceeds twice
the Wits rating of a witness, that person gains a tempo-
rary Derangement from the experience. The
Derangement persists for [8 minus Stamina] weeks, and
the victim suffers immediate amnesia. The amne:
doesn't dissipate as the Derangement does. It endures for
the remainder of the victim's life. Should someone force
the victim to remember the event, the Derangement
returns for [8 minus Stamina] week

a

Using Spite to fuel effects (such as a Spectre mani-
festing) is an entirely different matter. Spite is an evil,
angry and violent emotion. Its use impacts the human
psyche like a sledgehammer, because the passion is so
raw, so broken-glass jagged. Instant, visible Spite use
(including manifesting) nails the human victim with


- " cs oy

amnesia over the event, and imposes a temporary De-
rangement for [8 minus Stamina] months. As described
above, the Derangement may fade, but the amnesia does
not. Forcing the victim to remember the event brings
the Derangement to the surface again for [8 minus
Stamina] months. Such severe effects are a principle
reason why stories about Spectre encounters rarely sur-
face, and how Orpheus manages to keep the fact of these
malevolent spirits' existence from the general public.

Repeatedly confronting a victim with amnesia-
inducing effects or forcing her to remember an event
a number of times equal to her Wits + 1 makes the
Derangement permanent. Some people develop mul-
tiple personalities to help them cope with the events
in question. Naturally, this effect only harms humans
and not projectors or ghosts. Likewise, for someone to
suffer amnesia, the Horror's intent must be destruc-
tive or harmful. Thus, a Banshee using two Vitality in
Wail to calm a child with one dot in Wits isn't going
to calm the child and drive him insane. A Banshee
using four Vitality to shred an opponent to bits,
however, affects someone with Wits 3 or less. Spooks
can therefore demonstrate their powers to allies and
scientists, for example, without unsettling them to
the point of imposing Derangements. Why? Be
the intent isn't to harm.

‘ause

ious

Amnesia essentially boils down to the subcons

an onlooker's mind.

wiping of a spectral memory from
He can demonstrate the effects of such memory loss in
any number of ways: occupying himself physically and
mentally to the point of exhaustion, becoming with-
drawn and evasive, or developing a quick temper or
otherwise displaying emotional behavior. The point is,
he doesn't remember the event, but knows something
bad happened and he doesn't want to remember. In
ence, he's haunted by something terrible that mani-
fests only in nightmares and waking flashes. In some
way a relating to ghosts is a terrible state of
denial in which the victim pushes the memories down.
What goes down, however, must come up, and the
victim lives a roller-coaster ride, sometimes with memo-
ties emerging through emotional outbursts that flare
and subside quickly.

THE CHARACTERS

Each player assumes the role of one character, as
explained in the Introduction. The process of designing
that character, both with regards to her numerical game
Traits and her history and goals, is described in detail in
Chapter Three. The Storyteller, however, must be aware
not only of each character's history, goals and game statis-
tics, but also the role she fills in the crucible. Wrangling a
group of disparate weirdoes (and their characters) is per-

e

s, amnes

~~

haps the most challenging part of Storytelling. The basic

question, then, is: Who are the characters?

nent OERTHS, ONELIFE
Whatever else they may or may not have in com-
mon, characters in Orpheus have all undergone multiple
near-death experiences. These do not have to be classic,
"tunnel-of-light" sort of events. The mere possibility of
death, hammered home again and again, is enough to
change a person on a fundamental and metaphysical
level (which, in turn, allows them to become skimmers
or sleepers, and therefore useful to the Orpheus Group).
For game purposes, a "near-death" experience is any in
which a person could have died but didn't —and realizes
that. A bullet whizzing past a man's head is just as
effective a near-death experience asa bullet entering his
body but missing every major organ and exiting harm-
lessly. Either way, the man realizes: That shot should have
killed me. That thought changes him, somehow, making
him better able to withstand the process of projection.
Having many such experiences inures him even more.

Orpheus assumes that the characters all endured
multiple near-death experiences and were trained and
hired by the Orpheus Group. Some might already be
ghosts, or the crucible might be composed entirely of
one type or the other (projectors or ghosts).

RECRUITMENT

The Orpheus Group doesn't exactly work through
recruitment firms. They might appear altruistic, but any
"good work" they accomplish is ancillary to reaping
some profit (their first priority) and advancing under-
standing of the afterlife (their second). How they found
the characters is an important part of each character's
back-story. Orpheus monitors online discussion groups
and those chats themed toward ghosts and the super-
natural, looking for certain stories and common
encounters indicating a potential recruit. Some projec-
tors are recruited because of a life-threatening illness,
others because they performed a dangerous job long
enough that they are spiritually able to project — all
they lack is training. Orpheus agents who undergo
drawn-out or dangerous missions are sometimes sent to

monitor veteran associations or support groups for the
terminally ill. The organi all agents to watch
the media for reports of disasters with only a few surv:
vors, and maintains contacts in the military and law
enforcement the world over.

What can Orpheus offer potential recruits? The
most obvious (and often most effective) answer i
money. People who perform highly dangerous tasks
aren't always very well compensated (police officers
aren't exactly overpaid, for example). Likewise, critical
illness is highly expensive and the words "complete


medical coverage" can be very enticing. Occasionally,
Orpheus brings in potential agents with the promise of
learning secrets or contacting the deceased. On the
whole, though, the company is leery of using this ap-
proach. Monetary motivation is easy to control and
understand, though it doesn't inspire tremendous cre-
ativity or drive on the part of the employees. Agents who
accept the job for personal reasons, however, are more
prone to burnout or to abandoning their jobs for ethical
reasons (which, while perhaps admirable, doesn't thrill
Orpheus much).

IfOrpheus finds a potential recruit, they often attempt
sounding her out for belief in the supernatural and life after
death. The first step is usually to see if the subject attends
religious services regularly or has any strong spiritual or
religious devotion. Along the way, Orpheus collects as
much mundane data on the subject as possible: Family,
occupation, job history, education, special skills, close
friends, etc. In many ways, this resembles the background
checks performed on potential government agents (which
should come as no surprise). Of course, Orpheus, while
well-funded and efficient, doesn't have the same equip-
ment or authority as the government, and a perceptive
potential recruit might very well notice that someone is
interested in her life.

Orpheus Group is not limited to mundane methods
of investigation, of course. A particularly promising
recruit might merit special attention, meaning the orga-
nization sends a skimmer or sleeper to watch the subject
in her "off-hours." Any record of these investigations i
normally destroyed once Orpheus reaches a final deci-
sion on whether or not to approach the subject (all
projectors know this kind of surveillance happens, but
no one wants to think it happened to them).

If Orpheus deems a subject of suitable temperament
and skill, they send a representative to speak with her.
Ordinarily, this takes place in the form of a phone call
the subject does not work ina field
ct is plausible, Orpheus simply con-
tacts herabouta study involving near-death experiences.
In either case, Orpheus tells the recruit that they con-
duct paranormal research and "active investigation" (at
this point in the interview, Orpheus mentions several
movie titles — Ghostbusters is still the most popular,
although Sixth Sense is gaining) and asks if she would
consider a career change.

Inevitably, the subject asks more questions than the
researcher can comfortably answer. Sometimes, the
representative brings a skimmer along for "proof" of
what Orpheus agents are trained to do; if not, the rep
must simply do the best he can to convince the subject.
The word "ghost" usually isn't mentioned, at least not in
terms of becoming one (which would understandably
unnerve most subject). Instead, agents use phrases like

is

from a "recruiter;
where such conta

"extrasomatic projection," "post-life entities" and "ad-
vanced meditative techniques" to entice potential
recruits.

Once a recruit agrees (which, of course, doesn't
usually happen during the initial meeting), Orpheus
discusses salary. Ordinarily, Orpheus promises recruits
the base salary initially, which is comfortable enough.
Once the recruit completes the psychological and voca-
tional tests, Orpheus has a better sense of her
qualifications and therefore, how much she is actually
worth to the company. In general, intel work pays the
lowest while fumigation and removal pays the best (see
Missions, below). The base salary for any projector in
service to Orpheus, however, is 60,000 USD annually,
plus benefits. Those continuously involved in hazard-
pay situations (like eliminating Spectres or assassinating
people), may earn an additional $10,000 to $15,000 a
year, though there are few agents who can pursue this
type of existence without suffering mentally or physi-
cally in the long-run. The insurance packages they offer
are particularly impressive (and astute agents see this,
quite rightly, as cause for worry).

Of course, working for Orpheus has its sticking
points. For one thing, while Orpheus is a commercial
organization and, therefore, doesn't mind a certain
amount of advertising by word of mouth, they do frown
on agents being vocal about their operations — even to
their own families. Indeed, people with large or particu-
larly tight-knit families are often passed over for
membership; complete honesty between family is com-
mendable, but not something Orpheus wants to chance.
Likewise, although Orpheus is arguably the best in its
field, it does have competitors who would happily re-
cruit — or simply pump for information — any Orpheus
agents they find. Orpheus insists on secrecy largely for
the agents' own protection, and agents who breach
secrecy are summarily fired and warned to keep quiet.

BFSICTREAINING

The Storyteller can start the chronicle at whatever
point in the character's training that she desires. For
example, beginning the game as the characters are just
finishing their initial training allows the Storyteller to
pair characters up as roommates, or even stipulate that
the characters all share a dormitory (or at least a floor;
Orpheus segregates members by gender). If the charac-
ters live together at a facility, even if just for the first
story, play up their interactions together. Ask the play-
ers to consider what their characters think about living
with these other folks. What if one of the characters is
a true slob who doesn't think twice about tossing his
clothing wherever it may land? Fistfights have broken
out over less, after all, and these characters must trust
each other with their lives and souls in the field. What

RE om


devout Christian or Muslim? Amusingly, either charac-
ter could use his job at Orpheus as evidence for his own

personal convictions (as is so often the way of faith).
This approach allows the Storyteller to relate a story
with a kind of "boot camp" feel — Orpheus training the
characters to work with (and against) ghosts. As horrific
and otherworldly as this might seem, remember that each
character had multiple brushes with death. Humans laugh
at death as a means of coping with it; we belittle it to lessen
its impact. How might trainees at Orpheus cope with their
supernatural jobs? Agents might compete with one an-
other based on ir erting one elf into a blip's routine or on
earning a living person's notice in the subtle: Y po
Of course, not everyone handles the training well. What if
the characters notice that another agent, one who has
heretofore handled the trainingsuperbly, is cracking (mani-
festing Stains, becoming jittery, etc.)? Will they approach
their employers or try to handle the problem themselv:

If the characters have already completed their train-
ing, however, and live at home, the Storyteller faces new
possibilities. Naturally, the most obvious is that characters
must either breach company policy and tell their families
the true nature of their occupations, or lie to their loves
ones about extended absences and the nightmares from
which they likely suffer. This kind of "double life" can only
continue for so long; eventually, the work may follow the
characters home. A character's house might actually be-
come haunted (perhaps even by another character, if any
of them are ghosts). What if a skimmer's daughter starts
seeing ghosts? Parents ordinarily comfort their children by
assuring them ghosts aren't real (or by making ill-con-
ceived references to angels), but how can an Orpheus
employee actually say those things? And, what happens
when the perceptive child sees right through her father's
lies? Does the character project alone to investigate the
haunting, or try to obtain company approval to investigate
the matter with his crucible? And what if the company is
actually behind it?

The character's everyday life, whether at the Orpheus
facility or at home, should never occupy too much time
during a game session. Snapshots of mundane life might be
good for atmosphere or as setup toa life-shaking event, but
focusing on such for too long is boring for the other players
and doesn't really advance the story. While it's important
the Storyteller be aware of what's happening in the charac-
ters' everyday lives, and how those details might best fit in
the chronicle, such events and minutia are best relegated to
backstory or written accounts by the players (and perhaps
even worth an extra experience point or two).

THE TERM ASSEMBLED

The first mi:
might be their fi

ion on which the characters embark
st actual job together, a training "simu-

about an outspoken atheist character paired with a

} CHAPTER
RUTELLING, TE
‘

lation," or even an encounter outside the confines of
Orpheus (if some of the characters are hues, for ex-
ample). Whatever the exact details of this mission, the
Storyteller should pay attention to several factors:

First, how do the characters interact? Do any of
them have skills or Horrors that seem repetitive or
useless? Do any of the concepts need rethinking? If so,
the end of the first story is the time to shuffle Traits and
make the necessary changes to the characters' backstories.
Conflict within the crucible is good, but only as long as
the characters can still interact; they shouldn't be ac-
tively at each other's throat
econd, was the story's goal accomplished? Con-
sider the opening scenes of nearly any film; they serve to
introduce the characters and the setting and show what
matters are like under normal circumstances. In telling
ghost stories, this usually involves flashes of the unseen
ghost, some minor hauntings, etc. In an Orpheus story,
the opening session should involve the characters on a
mission or in training, allowing them to accomplish a
mission that won't decide the world's fate. Use this time
to introduce important supporting characters, recurring
themes, etc., but don't take all the players' hard work in
designing their characters and destroy it right off the bat
(while this kind of immediate shake-up can be an
effective motivator, you do it at your own risk; many
players would rather ease into such events).

Finally, ask players for feedback after the story is
over. Find out what facets of Orpheus they especially
enjoy and which ones they find lukewarm, and more
importantly, why. A troupe looking for an X-Files feel to
the chronicle might be disappointed if you had some-
thing more like Thirteen Ghosts in mind, but perhaps
there's some middle ground. When they say "X-Files,"
what are they really looking for? Detective stories?
Conspiracies? Unrequited love? Government involve-
ment? Find out what's really important to your players
and work those ideas into the chronicle (it's actually
ideal to do this before the first story, and then follow up
afterwards, but better late than never).

OTHER OPTIONS

While the assumption is that players will create
characters who work for Orpheus, that's not the only
option. It's advantageous in that it gives you a superb
framework in which to set your chronicle, but fora more
experienced Storyteller (or troupe that just can't do
anything the easy way), this might not be the best
choice. Below are several choices for alternate preludes
and origins for characters.

© Terrel & Squib Pharmaceuticals: Orpheus'
largest competitor, T&S has a different attitude to-
ward spooks. Orpheus isn't altruistic, at least privately,
but they don't treat ghosts as tools or slaves. T&S is


entirely amoral, and uses spirits and hues for whatever
ends the company can conceive. T&S also doesn't
pay significant attention to safety or intelligence;
they'll employ a large team and send them in blind.
This means that if the characters work for T&S,
they'll receive the latest in technology and they'll be
almost constantly on missions — but they'll earn very
little in the way of a briefing. The standard is some-
thing like: "A possible haunting. Capture the entities
for interrogation. Requisition any special equipment.
Report back when finished." If the agents die in the
process (which happens all too frequently), T&S
always follows up and makes certain that if the agents
are now ghosts, they still work for Terrel and Squib.

© NextWorld: NextWorld chronicles might ap-
peal to players who enjoy playing modern combatants.
The organization generally recruits people who have
seen actual combat, whether in military service or
simply in everyday life in a dangerous area of the
world. NextWorld places more emphasis on intel
than T&S, but doesn't travel the same lengths as
Orpheus. Most missions they undertake are of the
fumigation or removal variety, though they do engage
in extensive wetworks as well. Given the high degree
of military experience in the organization, NextWorld
may also have unofficial access to government tech-
nology that not even Terrel & Squib has seen.

¢ All gho It's entirely possible to run a
chronicle in which all characters are spirits or hues,
and avoid any contact with any of the organizations
dealing with ghosts. Even assuming all the characters
are ghosts, there's still room for diversity of origin;
characters might have been "saved" by an Orpheus
crucible, they could be members of Orpheus (or T&S,
or NextWorld) who died and went rogue, or maybe
they're just folks who perished and, for whatever
reason, have enough Vitality to become self-aware.
The danger here is that such chronicles don't have an
overarching reason for a crucible to be together, but
that just means the players and Storyteller need to
work together to create one. Maybe the characters all
died in the same accident, or were all saved by the
same Orpheus crucible and act as their liaisons and
contacts among the dead. In any case, one important
constant is that no ghost has been dead for more than
three years (this mystery will be explained in future
supplements). Such characters have different choices
of Backgrounds than projectors, of course (see Chap-
ter Three), but also face much different challenges.
When you're already dead, there's no easy way to

escape from Spectres. Likewise, rising levels of Spite

affect such charac very differently. For more in-
formation on the different Laments, refer to Chapter
Two (pp. 94-97).


" ar

THE GHOST STORY

After the recruitment and training comes the f
ion. Orpheus normally pursues some very spec

mi:
mission objectives, and other organi
cept similar jobs (NextWorld, for exz
squeamish about completing distasteful tasks than
Orpheus). Below is the chronology of a typical Orpheus
mission. The troupe's crucible can become involved at
any step in the proceedings; perhaps the person con-
ducting intelligence work was called away at the last
moment to take on a more important task and the
characters must pick up where he left off (meaning they
must access any information he's collected, but it won't
necessarily be organized). Likewise, ifan entire crucible
disappears in pursuit of a target, Orpheus recognizes it
might still be possible to salvage the members (and thus,
confirming the missing agents' status — dead [ghos
dead [inactive] or alive — becomes the first task).

ations might ac-

mple, is even less

Note: This structure might seem formulaic. That it
is, and for good reason. Again, we're trying to provide
the Storyteller with a solid framework. Once that's in
place, you may feel free to deviate from it as much as
possible. Orpheus Group, however, finds that certain
methods work well, and therefore uses these methods
across the board. Consider this chronology of events the
"norm" — if the players know how things normally go,
they can appreciate the gravity of a wrench in the works
at any point along the way.

INTELLIGENCE

Orpheus is a for-profit company, which means they
don't go chasing every supernatural lead just because
they can (though they certainly monitor any such leads,
just in case a job should come of it). The company's work
begins when aclient approaches Orpheus with a request.
This might be someone recently bereaved wishing to
contact their lost loved one (whether for closure or more

financial reasons, such as missing money or a clarifica-

tion on a will), a victim of a suspected haunting or
someone who simply wants proof of life after death
(Orpheus typically milks these latter folks for all they
can and arranges for a projector with skill in manifesting
to the living to appear and scare the hell out of the
client). Orpheus also receives requests for more shady
dealings. Corporate espionage is one possibility, as are
vengeful divorcees hoping to drive former spouses mad
— what better way than a haunting? Likewise, powerful
criminals sometimes run afoul of ghosts, and will pay
extra for Orpheus agents to ignore any illegal activity
they may witness while contending with the ghos'
Orpheus tests for this kind of operation during the hiring
stage; an agent who they feel can handle breaking
various legal and ethical standards to accomplish the job

wees J

might be assigned such tasks (and receive compensation
commensurately for time and trouble). Once Orpheus
ascertains the client's needs (and the initial check
clears), the organization starts working.

Before diving into the meat of the mission, how-
ever, Orpheus needs to know what they're up against. As
a habit, the organization doesn't send a team into a
situation with inadequate information (though they
have sent in teams equipped with incorrect information,
but that's not deliberate). The first step in a mission is
information gathering. Usually, Orpheus conducts such
inves! ion with entirely mundane tools — internet
searches, media stories, interviews, surveillance, etc. If
the characters' crucible is equipped for this kind of thing
(and, more importantly, if the players would enjoy it)
they may even conduct the intel work, but the usual
assumption is that an Orpheus detective collects the
data before turning it over to the company, which then
assembles a file and gives it to the crucible.

The process of information-gathering might be a mis-
sion unto itself. In the case of corporate espionage, the
crucible may have to watch company executives and
obtain blackmail material. Likewise, the governmentsome-
times uses Orpheus in counter-terrorism activities, though
this is strictly under the table (the government will not
publicly support or lend credence to Orpheus' claims). In
these cases, collecting details is of paramount importance.
Orpheus employs scientists who can analyze data, but that
means the data must be accurate. Since taking pictures
while projecting is impossible, such missions either involve
projectors with superb memories or projectors who can
bypass security systems and allow agents with bodies to
move in and collect the information.

Sometimes, Orpheus sponsors fact-finding expedi-
tions itself. Ifanew breed of Spectre appears, forexample,
Orpheus often assembles a team to learn all about it:
Numbers, habits, capabilities, etc. On information-gath-
ering missions, no matter who sponsors them, the stated
objective mply to accrue data. The crucible isn't
usually given enough background information to act,
and might wind up botching matters horribly even if
they take what seems like warranted action.

mssions

Orpheus is careful to spell out a particular mission's
. If a couple wants their new mansion free of
s, Orpheus simply tells the agents to find and
eliminate the spirits. The crucible might decide to
help the ghosts move on, destroy them or simply talk
to them and persuade them to leave the mansion (or
at least not actively haunt it). Orpheus doesn't much
care which route the crucible takes, but does urge
agents to use the most efficient (read: quickest) and
profitable means available.


The most common types of missions are des
immediately following. Please note that a given mission
might incorporate facets of more than one type; a task
might be labeled "Removal/Fumigation" meaning it could
go either way, depending on the crucible's discovery.

INTELLIGENCE GATHERING

As mentioned previously, sometimes the mission
itself is intelligence gathering. A jealous wife wants her
husband followed or Orpheus needs someone to pull a
Crocodile Hunter and study the habits of a group of
Spectres from afar. All these missions, however, often
occur with the caveat that the agents are to avoid
detection and confrontation. Ifa situation appears to be
devolving into potential violence, agents must contact
the assignment's Lead Investigator for further details.

RETHIEVAL

Orpheus sends the crucible to find and retrieve
something of value. Many such missions depend on intel
work; once the intelligence-gathering agents hit a dead
end, all available data is passed on to the crucible and the
agents must put the pieces together. Ordinarily, this
happens when anyone who might further the investiga-
tion is dead — the crucible must find a ghost who can
give the characters a hint and then coax the information
out of him. If the ghost in question is a blip, the mission
becomes complicated. A crucible member must insinu-
ate himself into the blip's routine enough to ask questions,
or the crucible must "save" the ghost and raise his
Vitality to the point he becomes aware of his situation
(see Saving Ghosts, below). Retrieving enough infor-
mation to attain the investigation's parameters can take
an entire story, and might see agents running back and
forth doing favors for various ghosts until they achieve
what they need (of course, blackmail and torture are also
effective means of persuasion),

After the characters uncover the object's, person's
or data's whereabouts, they must acquire it. This can
necessitate thievery, purchasing or simply calling the
location to the client's attention. Once this is done, the
mission is over.

Retrieval missions are excellent ways to establish
contact with other ghosts, and can have a very Indiana
Jones-like feel; a client might want a mystic artifact
found. Suppose it lies buried in a tomb, booby-trapped or
isolated to the point that only a ghost can find it?

REMOVAL

This sort of mission usually carries amonetary bonus
(unfortunately in the form of hazard pay). Removal
missions involve finding a specific target, whether living
or a ghost, and removing them from an area. Missions
classified as "Removal," however, carry with them the
assumption that the target will survive the process

(assassinations are a different kind of mission altogether;
see Fumigation).
Removal missions happen for a variety of reasons,
many of them personal and even petty. A rich land-
owner might want "undesirables" (whatever that means
to him) scared out of his neighborhood, ora father might
want his daughter's beau driven away. If the target is a
ghost, the reason is usually a simple haunting, though
ce removal missions carry with them an implicit "do
no lasting harm" policy, Orpheus usually knows who the
ghost was in life and, therefore, can provide some
suggestions on how best to drive him away.

When designing removal missions, the Storyteller
should pay as much, or more, attention to the location as
to the target. What's so special about the location that
someone would pay Orpheus' exorbitant fees to drive off an
interloper? Is there more going on than the client is telling
Orpheus, and if so, are the characters within their rights to
take action if they find something truly unpleasant happen-
ing? Perhaps the clients built a home or business over a
burial ground or something similar, and the spirits have
more rights to be there than the clients. Does the crucible
see it that way, or are they in it for the money?

When designing the target, ascribe motivation.
Ghosts rarely haunt locales for the sheer thrill of it (and
those who do, generally fold quickly when someone like
Orpheus agents appear). Give the target a compelling
reason to be there against the client's wishes, and be sure
he/she/it is capable of giving the crucible a good fight.
This doesn't necessarily mean making the adversary a
combat monster, but perhaps the target knows the lay of
the land far better than the crucible and can dodge and
outrun them. Perhaps a living target can sense ghosts
and even ward them offsomehow. Also, consider whether
the target will listen to reason, or if the crucible must
drive it off forcibly. Ifthe characters plan to scare a living
target away, they should ensure he won't run to the
tabloids with ghost stories. Otherwise, the crucible
might be in the uncomfortable position of fending off
reality TV show crews and paparazzi in addition to their
actual target.

FUMGEaTION

A fumigation mission occurs when a client hires
Orpheus to clear out a Spectre, group of Spectres or any
hostile ghosts period. Unlike a removal, fumigation does
not require the targets receive humane treatment — the
agents are meant to clean house by the surest and most
eff

jent me:

ns neces:

Intelligence work, especially from projectors, is criti-
cal in fumigation assignments. Orpheus agents trade
horror stories about walking into fumigation jobs that
should have been cakewalks and getting ambushed by
hordes of Spectres. Before sending a team in, Orpheus


likes having a relatively clear idea of what situation
they're about to encounter. The trouble is, one wrong
assumption during the intelligence gathering process
can skew the whole operation, and it's the agents who
wind up paying the price. Any fumi ission with
ahigh risk factornecessitates "baby-sitters" for projector's
to the expense of the proposition).
The good news, of course, is that fumigation pays extra.

WETWORH

Officially, only ghosts are made targets of elimi-
nation missions. Orpheus, however, is occasionally
willing to take on less-than-legal operations, if the
money's right and they know the client through back
avenues (what that might entail is up to the Story-
teller). This requires agents of a certain caliber (read:
willing to commit murder) and a pretty specific set of
circumstances. Orpheus accepts assassination con-

bodies (which add

tracts, but filters those contracts through a long process

of forms and intermediaries, so the money from an

ssination spends significant time in dummy ac-
counts. This prevents the authorities from ever
noticing a quick boost to the Orpheus Group's bot-
tom line following a suspicious death. Also, Orpheus
usually makes the deaths appear accidental. The Wisp
Shade is superb at arranging this; the Unearthly
Repose Horror allows Wisps to lead targets into traf-
fic, off cliffs or into other potential hazards. All
Shades have their own methods of killing — the trick
is convincing the agents wielding the Horror to aban-
don morality for a few moments. The initial exams
during training provide Orpheus with a good indica
tion of who might take part in of wetworks, but if no
one who fits the proverbial bill is available Orpheus
uses other methods of persuasion. They may appeal to
an agent's sensibilities; if an agent lost a loved one to

a drug overdose, it's not so hard convincing him to
kill a dealer. They might make the job personal by
telling the agent that the mark was responsible for an
agent's death (this can be especially effective for
ghosts). Or, at worst (and rarely), Orpheus might
simply blackmail their agents into wetwork, particu-
larly sleepers, who need the organization's help to
return to life. Of course, the agent won't be so loyal
after such a mission, but if the money's right, Orpheus
feels it can stand to lose an agent in the process (and
by lose, Orpheus means terminate).

ESPIONSGE

Espionage jobs usually fall into one of two categories,
internal and external. External is much more common
(and usually more pedestrian), and doesn't pay as well.
Internal is lucrative, glamorous and extremely dangerous.

External espionage is the term used when a client
hires Orpheus to spy. Most often thi

is corporate or

vk

industrial espionage, which is a kind of intelligence
mission (see Intelligence, p. XX). The agents find
whatever they need to find and report back, making
sure they aren't seen or tracked. Sometimes, they may
even steal the target technology or documentation,
possessing a target to carry the material out (inciden-
tally, frame-jobs are entirely within this type of
mission's mandate) or manifesting long enough to do
the deed themselves.

Internal espionage, however, is sponsored directly
by Orpheus Group. Orpheus places these agents as
"moles" in other organizations, including T&S and
NextWorld. This requires they have the skills necessary
to be hired by said companies (much easier for T&S, but
advancing in the organization is also more difficult).
Only skimmers (and occasionally ghosts) undertake this
kind of work since sleepers are entirely at the mercy of
the target and because other organizations don't have
access to the chemical formulas that Orpheus perfected,
which means sleepers would be at much greater risk on

ons.

such mi:

Sometimes, espionage missions of both types adopt
a more active tone, with Orpheus asking agents to
sabotage instead of merely observe. Many Horrors, prop-
erly applied, can wreak havoc on a company's resources,
making Orpheus a good choice for businesses who aren't
satisfied with only knowing their competitors' plans.
This is unethical, of course, and highly illegal, but it's
hardly a matter of life and death (normally, anyway), so
Orpheus hasa larger body of agents willing to undertake
such assignments.
abotaging NextWorld or T&S, of course, is a
different matter. Many of the same Horrors can be
brought to bear, but both organizations know what to
look for. Likewise, Terrel & Squib has a much greater
number of ghosts in its "employ" than Orpheus or
NextWorld, and that means the characters must cover
any active espionage activity with greater diligence.
NextWorld doesn't have the same intelligence capabili-
ties, but they are likelier to respond violently.

Finally, Orpheus might assign agents to counter-
espionage. If Orpheus suspects an agent of spying for
nother company, Orpheus would rather back her into
acorner and force her to reveal her allegiance (and any
other information they can scare from her) than simply
drive her off or eliminate her. Agents with a delicate
touch are necessary for such missions.

SeLYVATION

Very rarely, Orpheus assigns a team with helping a
ghost pass on by resolving whatever tethers the soul to
Earth. Usually, this isa means to an end rather than an
end in itself, but occasionally, a client pays Orpheus to
give a ghost peace. Since Orpheus knows it's po:


(but difficult), they happily charge top dollar for this
kind of work. Saving ghosts is discussed in detail below.

PIGMENT

Pigment or "black heroin" is a popular street drug, and
if any character puts two and two together, she'll realize it
hassomething todo with ghosts. The characters might well
request Orpheus devote some resources toward tracking
the drug's sources and stopping it. The problem, though, is
that Orpheus has more pressing (and profitable) matters on
its plate. A persuasive group of characters, however, might
well get a mission approved — or simply pursue the matter
on their own time.

What they'll discover about pigment is, at this
point, up to the Storyteller. Future Orpheus books will
detail the true nature of pigment and its distributors,
however, so you'll probably want to keep matters hid-
den, at least initially. Maybe the characters bust a local
dealer, but even he knows only the guy directly above
him on the drug food chain. Sooner or later, Orpheus
will grow tired of funding this project (especially if they
aren't making money) and assign the crucible some-
thing else. If the characters are on their own, you can
keep them involved in the drug trade as long as you like;
there are plenty of other stories to be told in that kind of
milieu without revealing the truth behind pigment
(before you actually know it, at least).

SAVING GHOSTS

Most blip and drone-class ghosts have no idea they
have died. They remember snippets of their lives, and act
out those tiny scenes with only a nagging feeling that
something has changed. They see the living, but ignore
ghosts — unless those spooks have high enough Vitality
ratings that they appear alive. Projectors and ghost charac-
ters are vital enough that blips and other "trapped" ghosts
can perceive them, and these characters can even break the
ghosts' routine enough to uncover some information about
what tethers them to the living world. Stories involving
"saving" ghosts can be very satisfying for both the players
and the characters; they allow the crucible to be the "good
guys," with very little ambiguity (unless the ghost needs to
see someone die to move on, but more on that later). The
tangible rewards for this kind of effort reflect this; a crucible
that helps a ghost resolve its tethers can look forward to a
newally, orat the very least, a boost in Vitality and perhaps
a reduction in Spite.

STORYTELLER
CONCERNS

When designing and running "salvation" stories,
the Storyteller should keep a few things in mind. First,
every ghost is unique, and the details are what will make

* > ghey

9 Lee
the players (and characters) care. Tug at heartstrings,
but be gentler than Hollywood's trite efforts. Ifa charac-
ter entered Orpheus hoping to find her dead father in
the afterlife, perhaps a ghost might be searching for his
daughter to tell her he loves her. A character who wants
revenge against an ex-lover might be very eager to help
the ghost of someone murdered by a cheating spouse.
Use the characters' histories and Natures to flesh out the
ghosts they may encounter.

Second, remember that Orpheus is nota theological
or philanthropic organization. They aren't concerned
with seeing a ghost pass on unless there's money in it.
That means if it's quicker to destroy an angry ghost than
to find the man who killed him and bring him to justice,
Orpheus would rathersee the ghost destroyed. Of course,
Orpheus trusts individual crucibles to make appropriate
decisions on such matters, but Orpheus often reminds
them about the bottom line. That said, Orpheus does
sometimes label missions as "Salvation" (as mentioned
above) and ask the crucible to help the weary soul lay
down its burdens and pass on.

Finally, ghosts on the cusp of realizing they are dead
are extremely vulnerable to Spectres. Orpheus warns its
agents that "freeing" ghosts attracts Spectres, but this
isn't really true. It's just that Spectres notice them more
easily in the panicked moments after being freed. Fortu-
nately, projectors and ghosts both receive a boost in
Vitality when a ghost becomes untethered, so they are at
least better equipped to fight.

STEFPSTOFREEING
GHoOsTs

Information is obviously the first step. The characters
must know who the ghost is (or was) and what unfinished
business the person may have left behind. The more
dangerous the tether, of course, the more easily the crucible
can uncover it (for whatever consolation that might pro-
vide). Watching the ghost's routine usually provides some
clue as to identity, but not always to tethers. In many ways,
a blip is a ghost in denial, and it typically ignores the issues
forcing it to linger as a restless shade. For example, a man
who died ina car accident soon after discovering his wife's
infidelity might haunt the wreck of his car, endlessly
driving, fiddling with the radio, forever thinking himselfon
the highway moments before his fatal crash. He will never
mention the event that drove him to drive that day —
unless the characters can piece it together or snap him out
of his reverie. To do this, the crucible must learn about the
ghost. The more details they discover (and therefore that
you, as Storyteller, can provide), the more "ammunition"
the characters have in breaking the ghost out of his routine.
Likes, dislikes, important events, friends' names, favorite
foods or even common phrases may help.


r

Naturally, the biggest advantages characters have
in discerning a ghost's identity are through their Default
Abilities (see p. 82, 148-151). The power to sense and
track a ghost's tethers allows the crucible to at least have
asense of where to start, but after that, they must rely on
guesswork and detective skills. Once they've deter-
mined what a ghost's tether is and why, one of the
characters may try resolving that issue before using
Sever the Strand to "untether" the ghost. If this liberates
all of the ghost's tethers, he ascends in a nimbus of light
or falls into a pit of darkness (depending on the
Storyteller's take on the state of the ghost's soul). Of
course, the crucible might simply resolve all the ghost's
tethers but one, allowing the ghost to retain a sense of
self and remain behind as an ally. Drones, however,
typically have only one or two tethers. More powerful
(and therefore dangerous) ghosts make better allies —
provided the crucible can unravel their mysteries.

RANDOMGHOST
GENERATION

The following five tables allow the Storyteller to
randomly generate tethers for a ghost character. Before
rolling on these tables, however, the Storyteller should
consider how long resolving the ghost's tethers should take.

If the characters are meant to resolve the ghost's

tethers in one session (either as a one-shot game or as a
minor facet to a larger story), roll once on the Moderate
table or twice on the Simple table.

If the tethers require two to three sessions to resolve,
but are not the entire focus of a story (being a side plot or
peripheral matter to the main plot), roll once on the
Difficult table or once on the Moderate table and twice on
the Simple table.

If you plan on the resolution being the crucible's main
focus for an entire story, roll once on the Dangerous table
and once on the Moderate table (or twice on the Simple
table), ortwice on the Difficulttable, once on the Moderate
table and three times on the Simple table.

If the ghost is meant to preoccupy the characters for
multiple stories, becoming a major event for the
chronicle, roll twice on the Dangerous table, three times
on the Difficult table, four times on the Moderate table
and five times on the Simple table. Such ghosts are
complex and should be both highly detailed and highly
important to the characters.

Once you determine how many tethers the ghost
has, roll two dice and add the numbers together (thus
producing a number from two to 20) and consult the
appropriate table. Repeat as many times as necessary.

When interpreting the tether tables, remember
these are only suggestions. The table may say, "Tell my

Serica eatin tae

=e — ee

wife | love her," but you can ea

ily change this to
"husband," "lover" or "brother," depending on the needs
of the story. Likewise, the difficulty of these tethers is
largely circumstantial; "destroy all copies of an incrimi-
nating video" is listed as Difficult, but if there's only one
copy and the characters can easily locate it, the Story-
teller can justifiably consider this Simple.

On the tables, the tethers are written in first person
simply because it saves space. Understand, however,
that many ghosts don't realize how much time has passed
since their deaths (since they don't know they're dead)
and so may not know that a certain tether is important
to them. This provides extra work for the characters,
since they must decipher from the ghost's words and
actions what she might want (Sense Nature Group and
other Nature-related Default Abilities should come in
handy here).

The Dangerous table is a special case. The tethers
listed there are often similar to those found on the
Difficult table, the difference often being an element of
the supernatural. For example, finding a ghost's killer is
a Difficult task if the killer is human, but Dangerous if
the killer is another ghost.

FUTURE SIGHTS

So what does the future of Orpheus have in store?
That's difficult to say without spoiling upcoming secrets.
Still, rather than leaving the Storyteller in a lurch when
a character uses Forebode to divine the future, here are
some example visions you can use based on forthcoming
developments. Please bear in mind, however, that most
of these visions are figurative or symbolic, not literal.
And because these deal with potential upcoming events,
the Storyteller can safely place them at least a month in
the future, if not more. He need not be specific with the
actual dates of these moments since they rely, not so
much on Orpheus' release schedule, but on when the
Storyteller chooses to bring them into play.

¢ Home: You come home on a night when the
clouds are thick and bruised, and the sky explodes in
bursts of flash and thunder. The house is empty, how-
ever. Blood streaks paint the corridors and floors with a
garish flourish. You run to the baby's room, her cries still
ringing the air, but upon entering, everything snaps to
silence. The baby's cradle is empty and stained with
blood. Suddenly, someone bursts through the door, the
lit flashlight in his hand rudely blinding you and throw-
ing back the darkness. You hear the cop yell "Freeze!"

© The Puppets: Dozens of puppets dance and move
around each other, but their strings twist, knot and en-
tangle upon one another with each passing moment. Soon,
the puppets jerk and lose their grace, their strings tangled

SIMPLE TETHERS

OF FICULT TH SLE

Dice Roll Tether

17-20

Tell my wife I love her

Discover my baby's name

Put flowers ona particular grave (the ghost's
or someone else's)

Play my special song in my apartment
Buy a copy-of the book | wrote

Show me my obituary

Obtain my ring from a pawn shop
Tearup a certain photograph

Take down my web site

Clear out my desk atework

Scare the school-bully

Firid out if anyone else died in the event
tharkilled me

Burn my day planner

Unlock the doors to my house

Show memy test results (GRE; pregnancy,
medical, etc.)

Roll‘on the' Moderate 6r Difficult table,
but reduce the difficulty of the task to
Simple.

MODERATE TH SLE

Dice Roll Tether

Take-me to: my own grave site
Obtain'papets from my, safety deposit box
Restore my car

Ask my family for forgiveness

Play my original song atan open micevent
Force my husband to confess his infidelity
Help my kid's Little League team win their
next game

Exhume my body and haye-a religious
service performed

Rescue my dog from the pound

Bring me a'souvenir from Europe

Take my children to Cedar Point fora day
Donate money toumy favorite charity
Assemble my immediatéfamily for dinner
Make a co-worker return money he em-
bezzled

Inscribemy name somewhere in the build-
ing where I died

Roll on the Simple or Difficult table and
adjust the difficult to Moderate.

Dice Roll Tether

2 Provide for my ailing mother
Have a particular person arrested and
convicted
Find my father's ghost and bring him to
me
Finish my novel/painting/sculpture/etc.
Find the person who killed me
Make my son quit smoking
Find my missing body
Have my death declared a murder
(rather than a suicide or accident)
Destroy all copies of an incriminating
video

11 Make sure my son is named after me

12 Make sure a certain celebrity reads my
fan letter

13 Get my rival at work fired

14 Bring my childhood sweetheart to my
grave site

15 Prevent a gala event from occurring

16 Make sure the new owners of my house
leave the attic untouched

17-20 Roll on the Simple or Moderate table
and raise the difficulty of the tether to
Difficult.

DANGEROUS THSELE

Die Roll Tether

Note: Roll only one die for this table.

1 Find my killer (a supernatural being
like another projector)

2 Kill the man who raped/killed me

3 Find a specific ghost (who is now a
Spectre)
Free my dead friend from Terrel and
Squib
Retrieve my body (stashed in a Spectre
haunt)
Destroy a particular shipment of drugs

Burn down the place where I died
Make sure a particular crime boss falls
from power

Drive "undesirables" from my neigh-
borhood/building

Catch me and force me to confront my
action


in a growing ball. Soon, some simply hang, limp and

forgotten because their strings are so knotted. Soon, they
all hang so.

© Subway Ride: You're riding the subway, the walls
streaming past, everybody minding their business. Suddenly,
the subway train moves through a spider strand of gauze that
passes through the car. Nobody else can see it, but you can.
Thenanotherstrand hurtles by, catching you and pinnir

arm to the wall. Then three more strands... then a dozen pass

our

through the subway car, pinning you to the wall further.
Outside, you can see webs covering everything, and you're
suffocating beneath each sticky layer, struggling and calling
forth the spider all the quicker.

¢ The Silent Before: The street is alive with sound and
life. People walk to work or enjoy their meals on restaurant
terraces. Suddenly, everyone blurs to a halt, frozen in mid-
motion. Only you can move...and the animals. Dogs,
birds, cats... all look around briefly, then scatter in panic
The air behind you moans, but before you can turn around,
something strikes you to ground.

© The Breath: The snarls come from behind you, but

no matter where you turn, they remain hidden. Soon, you

6004 SnetTcHing

r*

or glare eneae

feel something exhaling hard on the back of your neck like
a winded horse. You feel its damp breath condense into
moisture on the nape of your neck, but when you try to wipe
it away, your hand is covered in blood and flies.

The Hand: A pool lies before you, all oil and sludge.
You see a black man, his features blurred, walk toward the
pool's edge and look back at you. "Wait for me here," he
says, then walks into the pool. A minute passes, followed by
or was it a day? The surface breaks and a hand
reaches out from it, reaching for you. It's skeletal and

an hour...

desiccated, and the oil glistens on its skin. What do you do?

DANGERS

Orpheus pays very well, both in terms of salary
and benefits, but it does ask some fairly daunting tasks
of its agents. These dangers begin as jokes in Orpheus
training (monsters and ghosts seem fairly unbeliev-
able, even to those who have seen something of
death), but rapidly become reasons for a crucible to
stick together and for the members to trust one an-
other once the agents take to the field.

Spectres can occasionally jump into "vacant
bodies" and possess them just'as Skinriders can.
The power and ferocity of a Spectre in a living
body, however, is nothing short of a recipe for
destruction; there's a reason why such embodied
Spectres are called Jasons. Fortunately, few Spec-
tresare powérful €nough to attempt it, and the
only bodies they seem readily capable of pos:
ing are living vessels whose souls are elsewhere
(thatis, projectors)»Even then, this horrific event
Only. happens under certain circtimstances.

Skimmers who become completely corrupted
by Spite (that-is, their Spite rating rises to 10) do
notimmediately become Spectres. What happens,
however, is almost worse. The-cord between the
skimmer's body and soul snaps instantly, killing
the skimmer (who promptly becomes a ghost).
The Spite the skimmer carried; however, shunts
off to the body. The character's Spite rating falls to
whatever it would normally be for a ghost of the
same Shade and Nature plusone*For example;if a
Haunter character with~the Rebel Nature be-
comes a ghost in this manner, 7 of the Spite rating
are shunted off into his body (becoming food for
the Spectre that mysteriously — but invariably —
inhabits it at this stage of the process) and he
retains four Spite (the remaining 3 from his start-

ing Spite + 1 because of his death). The more Spite
rating that winds up in the body, the stronger and
more focused the inhabiting Spectre becomes.

Beyond any concern about Spite, skimmers must
also be careful that Spectres do not find their bodies
when they're projecting. If a Spectre possesses the
capability, it may attempt to assume control of the
body directly. A Spectre that does this is usually
unfocused and simply wanders about attacking
people at random (for all the consolation this may
prove to the evicted skimmer).

Sleepers who gain a 10 Spite rating become Spec-
tres as usual; the flesh simply dies. Members of this
Lament, however, may also shunt Spite points into
their comatose bodies and heal it after someone re-
vives them (see p. 227-237). Sleepers retain no link
with their vessels, so Spectres can't possess said flesh
directly. If, however, the body dies because of Spite
damage, the sudden' influx of Spite may call out to a
es it. Unlike pos-
sessed skimmers, these Jasons do not resemble the

nearby Spectre, who then posse:

living (since the bodies they possess are not truly
alive) and can do little except wreak havoc until
someone destroys them. In any event, the now-dead
sleeper (who becomes a ghost) gains a Spite rating for
allowing his body to die, and so begins as a ghost with
his normal starting Spite rating + 1.


Below are some of the more common perils a
crucible might face while on a mission, and some
suggestions for how best to handle them as Story-
teller. Game statistics and information for these beings
are provided in this chapter.

SPECTRES

Orpheus has several theories as to the true nature
of Spectres. The organization is aware that spooks can
become Spectres, and that when this happens, the
gross physical alterations that many ghosts and pro-
jected entities exhibit (called Stains) become
exaggerated and predominant. What they don't know
is why the change seems irreversible (i-e., no matter
how many tethers are resolved, it doesn't seem pos-
sible to turn a Spectre back into a normal spook) and
why all traces of humanity seemingly disappear once
a ghost or projected entity turns.

This is the greatest horror of becoming a Spectre,
of course the complete loss of everything the
person once was. Dying strips away much of a person's
identity, and those last shreds of self (tethers) are all
that keeps someone from moving on to whatever
awaits. In becoming a Spectre, however, the spook
gives in to Spite and allows another force hold over it,
trading that precious ego for whatever feeds and
guides Spectres. They are alien in outlook and appar-
ently move with some shared goal — but what that
goal is eludes Orpheus for the time being.

When using Spectres as antagonists, don't get too
caught up in the gory details. One powerful Spectre
slinking through shadows, never revealing itself, is just
as frightening as a horde of malformed creatures bursting
from a darkened room. Save the really graphic stuff for
when characters are already in trouble and thinking it
can't get any worse.

DEARTH MERCHANTS

Various branches of the government,
megacorporations, wealthy billionaires or perhaps even
foreign powers employ "kites," freelance ts, for a
variety of assignments. Death Merchant is an Orpheus
designation for those mercenaries hired to watch or

sometimes even assassinate Orpheus agents. Perhaps

these powers fear that Orpheus Group is too close to
some truths for comfort. Or maybe they don't like the
notion of super-spies capable of bypassing any security
measure. Or maybe they have a greater agenda in mind
for the fledgling industry. Regardless, such agents are
nearly impossible to track or capture since even they
don't know for whom they're working. Being a Death
Merchant's target usually means a crucible is treading


e D8
close to something very important and sensitive (al-
though it sometimes seems as though they attack out of
the blue, for no particular reason).

As Storyteller, play kites for a sense of paranoia. A
kite need neverattack; have him assassinate an z
of the crucible's or destroy a spook's tether rather than
assault the crucible directly. These are shadow agents
whose masters remain hidden; all the characters will
ever gain from a kite is an email address, and this leads
to a dead end.

AIVAaL GHOSTS

NextWorld and Terrel & Squib, of course, employ
their own projectors and ghosts who might make life (or
at least existence) difficult for the crucible. Nothing says
other groups can't exist, however. A group of pigment
users might have discovered how to proj
tailing the group, generally mucking up their advances.
A group of ghosts with high Vitality ratings might find
each other and take issue with Orpheus interfering in
the affairs of the dead. The best antagonists fora crucible
of characters might well be a group of individuals with
similar capabilities.

ssociate

and started

When using this sort of antagonist, consider why
they are targeting the crucible. Do they have a problem
with Orpheus in general, the crucible in particular, or
are they just looking for trouble? Depending on how
driven they are, the adversaries might set traps to lure
the crucible in, identify them and release their identities
to the tabloids; find a projector's body and lead Spectres
to it; haunt the characters' families; or anything in
between. Also, decide whether the antagonists can
stand up to the characters in a direct confrontation. If
they can (or feel they can) they're likely to be more
brazen. If they know they can't (perhaps the antagonists
are a group of hues who want to "stick it to the Man")
they'll probably resort to hacking, vandalism and other
rather cowardly assaults.

RADIOFREE DERTH

Someone is broadcasting information every night at
midnight through a satellite television provider, and the
source of the transmission seems to be the characters'
home city (that is, wherever you set your chronicle).
That Radio Free Death is a spook of some kind seems
clear, based on the information he disseminates, but
even Orpheus doesn't know anything beyond that. The
transmissions are usually cryptic and broken up by static,
but sometimes they are useful. Mortals see only a burst
of static or interference that grips their TV, leaving
satellite providers believing it's a glitch they haven't
solved yet. Some folks sensitive to this may see an image

flicker or hear voices in the hiss (think Poltergeist), but

rarely anything concrete. Still, it's becoming the stuff of
urban legends, and more than a few college students get
together at night to smoke up and watch the weird
broadcast burst that some people claim hides spooks.
If the characters use a hint provided by RFD and
successfully complete a mission or discover an impor-
tant fact, the transmissions might concern them more
directly from then onward (since the transmitter realizes
someone is listening). Orpheus, however, worries about
this individual and advises the crucible against heeding
his advice. Likewise, investigating RFD draws attention
from kites — apparently this mysterious benefactor has
other parties interested in

mas well.

RED doesn't know much about specifics outside of
his own city (which is why he's based in your chronicle's
city of choice). He usually gives warnings of a local
nature ("Steer clear of Club Rumors; the bouncers can
see us") and sometimes provides information about
current events that don't seem immediately relevant to
the dead. For example, he might mention that a certain
councilman is sending his daughter abroad for college
the characters might investigate, only to find that the
girl is crucial toward resolving a ghos

's tether.

RFD does not lie or deliberately mislead his listen-
ers, but he isn't omniscient, either. Feel f
give incomplete messages or incorrect information, but
if you do, you should probably include a follow-up the
following night ("Remember what I said last night?
Forget it! Those aren't cultists — they're Jasons!"). Use
Radio Free Death as a means to give information and
direction to the characters, not to lead them into traps.
The identity of this on-air Samaritan is one of the secrets
age down the road.

THE 11
CcConmAnomMents
OF STORYTELLING

* Be Aware of Players' Expectations: Tell the kind
of story in which players want to take part. If they're not
interested in a spy story, don't use kites as your primary
antagonists and don't lead them intoa labyrinthine exami-
nation of Orpheus' inner workings. Play to what they want,
but twist what they see. For instance, if they're sure that a
supposed psychic can see them, you could instead make her
completely insane. Or, she might be crazy, but also able to
see ghosts. Don't give the players exactly what they want,
but find out what they do expect.

ee to have him

to earn cove

© Plan Ahead: Some of the best games are run
entirely on the fly, but it's often best to know, at least


generally, where the game is headed. If you're obviously
scrabbling for direction, your players will lose faith in
your Storytelling ability rather quickly. Know charac-
ters' motivations, the behind-the-scenes information
and the framework of the game before involving the
players at all.

* Don't Feel Shackled by Rules: If you don't like
a tule, change it. They are meant to be tools, and that
means if the rules are impeding the flow of the story, they
aren't working.

© Keep it Real and Keep it Moving: Don't let the
action bog down. That doesn't mean everything has to
be suspense or combat, simply that if the players are at a
loss for what to do, throw them a hook. Describe things
in enough detail that the players have a sense for where
their characters are and what's in the area, but don't go
on for hours detailing every brick in the wall. The more
involved the play with their surroundings and
with the story, the more they'll care about those things.

S are

* Avoid Stereotypes: A stereotype is a tool of a lazy
writer (or Storyteller). Don't make the guy behind the
counter at the coffee shop a stereotypical gay man. For
one thing, you may justifiably annoy your players. For
another, you kill any chance of the players seeing him as
a person, and then you've lost a potential plot hook.
Don't fall back on the obvious; take an established
notion and twist it if only a little.

© Rewards and Punishments: The characte
receive recognition and/or punishment in accordance
with what they do. If they simply blunder around wreck-
ing things, Orpheus isn't likely to give them raises. If
they follow the organization's advice and manage victo-
ries out of it, however, Orpheus Group might well take
more notice of the crucible and offer them more lucra-
tive jobs (which carry bigger risks, naturally). Don't
shortchange the characters' accomplishments, but don't
reward them for nothing, either (which applies also to
granting experience points).

* Secrets Are Lies: Use them anyway. Orpheus has
many unseen facets, some of which even the Storyteller
doesn't know initially. Keep these secrets as best you
can, and make up more. The meat of a ghost story is the
revelations, the horrifying clarity that emerges over the
investigation's progress. Don't shortchange that by let-
ting the players know too much too soon.

¢ With, Not Against: You are not the players'
adversary. You are there to facilitate their enjoyment of
the game. You don't "win" if you kill the characters or
destroy them, and they don't "win" if they beat your
antagonist. Remember that roleplaying games are a

sshould

aly

cooperative effort, nota competition (and likewise, that
he story rests in everyone's hands, not just yours
—don't force the players into your version of the story).

© Don't Panic: The players will change everything
around, make decisions you didn't see coming and gener-
ally force you to rethink your carefully considered plot.
Don't worry about it, just be ready to switch things around
and improvise. If need be, call a break while you read
through your notes and do some pruning. Don't become
angry and don't allow frustration to influence your deci-
sions; remember, you're working with the players.

© Use the Supporting Cast: The supporting char-
acters shouldn't overshadow the crucible, but don't
neglect this resource, either. From the crucible's com-
passionate, but slightly creepy boss at Orpheus to a
character's girlfriend, every supporting character pro-
vides opportunities to flesh out the crucible and the
world around them. Don't waste that by turning every-
one who isn't an adversary into a faceless drone.
Additionally, supporting characters allow the Story-
teller to involve players through interaction who might
otherwise sit on the sidelines. Use these personas to give
each character a sense of a private life and personalized
interactions. Each supporting character is an indication
you gave the character with whom they're interacting
some thought and consideration.

© The Dice Do Not Hate You: But they don't
always cooperate, either. Feel free to fudge rolls when-

ever necessary, especially if it benefits the story and the

characters. That includes the players' rolls (though you
feelings on the matter;
telling someone who rolled five successes that she actu-
ally failed is unwise).

TWISTED
REFLECTIONS

The life of an Orpheus operative is fraught with
excitement and intrigue — and no small amount of
danger. Projecting opens up a whole new world to
Shades in the company's employ, but lurking within
that domain are myriad potential threats unimagined by
the average person. This section presents a cross section
of such dangers that Storytellers may employ as ready-
made antagonists, allies or even just window dressing for
their chronicles.

Each entry is divided into two pages. The first page
is written from the Orpheus Group's often inaccurate or
incomplete point of view. This allows Storytellers to
photocopy these entries to distribute as props to their
players, often in conjunction with mission sheets such as

should be sensitive to a player'


those in the Appendix (see p. 294). The second page in
the entry is for the Storyteller's eyes only. It includes the
threat's Traits, relevant information of which Orpheus
are and, most often, a write up of the
ignature character representing that type.

THREATTAGS

Orpheus Group developed a s\ ng

opposition by the potential threat they represent to

Orpheus agents, allowing for a quick assessment of
potential dangers in the field.

Group is unav

em for organi

beategorized as follow

— Ghosts with a Vitality of 1.
Blip-class — Ghosts with a Vitality of 2 or 3.
Echo-class — Ghosts with a Vitality of 4 or 5.
Mirage-class — Ghosts with a Vitality of 6 or
Shadow-cl:
Enigma
Non-gho:

Spooks are
Drone-cl:

igher.
— Spectres
— Unknown or new species

ly threats are subdivided into the following:

Contender — Rival company or its personnel.

2,
Nemesis — Actively hostile person or agency.
Confederate — Allied individual not affiliated to an-
other group.
Collaborator— Allied individual within another group's
infrastructure.
Foe — Hostile target with no agenda toward Orpheus
Group.
Mark — Nonhostile target marked by an ¢
Threats are then categorized into the following rank
Blue — Friendly
Gray — Neutral
Green — Uncertain
Red — Hostile
hus, Orpheus might label a ghost going through its
daily routine at the office where it worked in life, a Blip-
Gray (which Orpheus projectors might approach
and interact with freely). A Reaper, however, who
single-handedly eliminated an entire Orpheus crucible
would be termed a Shadow-class Red threat to be ¢
at all costs.

signment.

cla

voided


Spectres

Threat Tag: Shadow-class Red FUMIG A

Background: Spectres encompass a Seem le Ly snd ess variety of forms. Each
eppcans to have some apparent purpose within the Spectral pLenarcDy,. Some
Shadow-class breeds classified to date include Lost Boys, Black Vulcans,
Reapers, Frighteners, Fetches, Pushers, Somnambulists and Hollow Men. The
list is currently active and growing. =~

Since the Orpheus_Group's founda ay our_crucibles_have investigated_a pleth-
ora of the mysteries sirroundiag 1ife after death and have even settled many

"of them to the Group's satisfaction.-Our- investigations, however, have also
uncovered several new enigmas we have yet to fathom. One of the most puz-

‘-zbking- of-these-is-a-breed of ghost-referred to in Orpheus terminology as
Shadow-class and in the common parlance as Spectres (please note that the
classification "Spectre" seems to have existed prior to Orpheus's explora-
tion of the afterlife; we have not, as of yet, determined its origins).

Thus far, attempts to communicate with these "Spectres" have proved fruit-
less. In almost every case, the Shadow-class entity attacked the projector
initiating the contact without provocation. In the few exceptions, the Spec-
tres themselves fled, often returning in greater numbers with the same

_result as the other accounts. 4

At first, this merely proved a source of consternation, but then the first

= ie

Spectre-related deaths occurred among Orpheus personnel. Management immedi-
ately curtailed interaction with these creatures, limiting such contact to
select occasions, and even then, only with an entire crucible involved in
the effort. In atl other encounters Brg ieceors Were instructed to immedi-
ately report back to command and inform hem of the sighting. Soon after
implementing these initiatives, the first concerted Spectre attacks took
place. That was when management realized the Spectre threat was far graver
than originally anticipated. Many disorganized groups of such entities
existed. Although they themselves seem incapable of communicating in even
the simplest manner with Orpheus representatives, the Spectres proved
capable_of_launching coordinated attacks against us, often with deadly con-
sequences. These creatures seem somehow junited in their efforts to destroy
us,-and-if-we are to believe the gossip among ghosts, them as well. But for
what purpose? That remains unknown, though one theory is that these entities
are-extremely—xenophobic;—they wilt ob tanpt to -destroy-any-non-Spectralt
spirit, or, on occasion, living being they happen across.

The Spectre threat is very real. Spectre attacks have killed more than 23
eNpLOyeES to date. Don't underestimate them. They operate in groups like
crucibles, many are of comparable power to projectors and what we don't know
about these things greatly outstrips what we do know. ALl we can say with
any certainty is that they're more dangerous than anything else we've
encountered in this profession. These Creatures are alien in their actions
and ruthless of character. Show them no_mercy and believe that none is
offered in return; they will only use such misguided sentiment to kill you.

Status: Fumigate |


SPECTRES

Without a doubt, the most dangerous adversaries an
Orpheus crucible will ever face are Specters. A Spectre
is related toa normal ghost in the same way a serial killer
is cousin to the average person. Though it once walked
the earth as a human being, the way other ghosts did,
since its death the Spectre has fallen to the malignant
influence of Spite and surrendered to its more feral
urges. Forever after, it is a malevolent force dedicated to
the extinction of life — a champion of death's design.

SPite

A Spectre's Spite rating is as integral to its being as
a Shade's Vitality is to spooks, and the value indicates
how much Spite the creature possesses over the initial
10 rating that was used up in forging it into this blighted
being. Spite is a measurement in fathoms of a Spectre's
negative emotions, which constitute her gauze — the
Spectre's positive emotions having long ago been ex-
cised. Thus, Spite is the Trait with which Spectres
absorb damage; the higher the Spite, the "healthier" the
Spectre. In a bizarre inverse of Vitality, the less Spite a
Spectre possesses, the more alive it appears. Thus, low-
Spite Spectres often look like dead, ifsomewhat mangled,
people, while high-Spite Spectres often appear as some-
thing other than human. Spite also fuels a Spectre's
Horrors in much the same way ghosts use Vitality to
power theirs. See below for specific costs by Horror.

Unlike spooks, however, a Spectre's Spite rating re-
mains constant and neither increases nor decreases except
when the Spectre takes damage. Thus, Spectres tap their
rating to elicit their powers, but they don't spend it (thus
remaining at an even keel). Ina scene, however, a Spectre
cannot tap more Spite points than it has in its rating, unless
it spends Willpower to reinvigorate itself (one Willpower
allows it to tap or rejuvenate an equivalent three Spite).
Thus, if a Spectre has a Spite rating of six, it cannot tap
more than six Spite in a scene unless it spends a Willpower
to tap up to a rating of nine Spite.

THE SPECTRAL SRSENRL

Spectres have a variety of disturbing abilities at
their disposal with which to dispatch intrepid Orpheus
agents and leave any survivors waking up screaming for
weeks after an encounter. These are divided into two
basic types: Horrors and Spectral powers called Thorns.

Thorn:
require nc
Stains familiar to Orpheus projectors, and like them,
Thorns are ultimately tied to the peculiar psychology of
the Spectre possessing them (a fact that clever projec-
tors can learn to exploit). The following is a small

are all innate abilities Spectres possess that

pite to fuel. In many ways, they resemble the

ORITE.

sampling of some Thorns; the Storyteller may also use
Stains to supplant a Spectre's abilities:

Carapace: The Spectre posses
armor, allowing it to better soak damage. Different breeds
spectre have differing degrees of armored protection. A
Soak (B/L)

+5B/5L

+1B/1L

+3B/3L

es some form of natural

of S
Carapa
Chitin
Hide

Scales

Spectre's carapace may come ina variety of forms, anything
from insect chitin to burnished steel skin.

Claws: The Spectre's hands end in wicked talons
designed for rending gauze (or, in rare instances, flesh when
used in conjunction with Manifest) and tearing apart foes.
A Spectre typically deals (Strength + 1) lethal damage with
these natural weapons, though some possess longer, more
deadly claws that inflict even greater punishment in hand-
to-hand combat. There are myriad types of claws that
different Spectre breeds possess, such as hypodermic sy:

ringes for fingers, obsidian nails and steel hooks for hands.

Envelop: The Spectre may enfold its foes within its
body, holding them fast. To use this power, a Spectre must
successfully grapple its target (see Combat Maneuvers, p.
234). The following turn, the Spectre's form wraps itself
around the target, immobilizing her. Unless the Spectre is
destroyed, the spook remains trapped, usually until carried
elsewhere. This power may take many forms. Some Spec-
tres consist entirely of flayed skin and wrap their bloody
hide around their victim. Others are protoplasmic mon-
strosities that envelop other spooks like an amoeba. Some
Spectres even serve as crude transports for their fellows,
holding them within their bodies until the time is right,
releasing their deadly cargo onto an unsuspecting crucible.

Maw: The Spectre's mouth is a gaping maw of teeth
capable of tearing loose large chunks of gauze with every
bite. Each bite deals (Strength + 2) lethal damage to
opponents in close combat. Maw types vary among breeds.
Some may possess sharklike jaws of bone-crushing power.
Others may have forearms covered in tiny mouths full of
r blades for teeth.

s: In addition to its regular attacks, a Spectre
possessing tentacles receives an extra hold attack each turn
(see "Combat Maneuvers," p. 234). Sometimes, these
tentacles are barbed, inflicting the Spectre's Strength in
lethal damage each turn an opponent remains held. Usu-
ally, however, they merely immobilize their target.

SPECTRAL HORRORS

Like Shades, Spectres have their own unique Hor-
rors. Unlike Shade Horrors, however, Spite fuels these
powers. Seven of the most popular of these are:

-
de
i Son

>»,


Chill: This Horror allows a Spectre to generate an
intense psychic cold in an area equal in yards to its
permanent Willpower. For each Spite tapped, this cold
deals one health level of bashing damage to everyone in
that area, alive or dead.

Flicker: This power allows the Spectre to skip its
form off the so-called Shroud, in a clumsy approxima-
tion of a Wisp's Storm-Wending. Though it does not
permit for the long-range teleportation the Shade Hor-
ror does, it does make the Spectre hard to hit in combat;
the creature appears and disappears at odd intervals and
vibrates violently from the friction of contact with the
Shroud when it is visible. Each Spite tapped by the
Spectre adds one to the difficulty of any attempt to hit
it in combat for the duration of a single scene. The
Spectre's attacks are unaffected

Flit: Flit enables a Spectre to defy gravity in
several ways. Tapping a single point of Spite allows it
to treat any direction as if it was down; thus, it can
walk up walls or across ceilings. Tapping two Spite
allows the Spectre to leap as much as (Strength x 3)
yards in length. Tapping three Spite permits a Spectre
to glide from any height safely, though it may not gain
altitude. Tapping four Spite lets a Spectre float sta-
tionary in midair at any height. Five Spite enables

2) IES tad

true flight at a maximum speed of (Willpower
per turn. The Horror las
using it has access to all the abilities equal to or
beneath what it paid for that period. Example: If
Hunger tapped two Spite to leap, the Spectre might land
ona vertical surface, thus exercising the Horror's single
point expenditure.

Hive-Mind: All Spectres are part of an extended
group consciousness that allows them to communi-
cate telepathically with others of their kind.
Automatically, Spectres can send out a distress call to

) yards
's for a scene, and a Spectre

all other Spectres in the area or communicate tele-
pathically with one another. For two Spite, a Spectre
may sift through the Spectral hive-mind in search of
a specific piece of information unknown to it. With
three Spite, a Spectre may access a Horror previously

unknown to it and use it for a number of turns equal
to its Willpower (normal Spite costs apply to the use
of this Horror). Tapping four Spite allows for direct
mind-to-mind communication with the source of the
hive-mind itself, calling in reinforcements from "else-
where." Needless to say, a Spectre attempts such
communication only when it is absolutely necessary.

Immolate: This power, in many respects, acts like
a Spite-fueled version of Witch's Nimbus. The main


differences are that Immolate offers only fire-based
effects, it may not be used at range and it inflicts an
extra die of damage for each tapped Spite. The Horror's
effects last for a scene. Example: Jack 0' Lantern taps 2
Spite to activate Immolate. The Spectre's burning form
now deals three levels of lethal damage to anyone who
comes into contact with it. Note that Stealth rolls made
against those pesky Orpheus projectors are at two greater
difficulty.

Manifest: This Horror is exceedingly rare among
Spectres, allowing them to manifest to the living ina
manner similar to, but much more limited than, the
way Shades may. For a two Spite tap, a Spectre with
Manifest appears only as an indistinct image in the
peripheral vision of those present. With three Spite,
a terrifying apparition lacking physical
substance, but capable of limited speech (usually
limited to short expressions like "Swallow yoursoul!").
Tapping four Spite allows the Spectre to interact with
the living as if it were alive. Regardless of the amount
of Spite tapped, however, each of these manifesta-
tions lasts only a single scene.

it appears as

Rend: The Spectre with this Horror can step "out
of this world," into a parallel domain called the
Shadowlands. By tapping a little Spite, Rend allows
the Spectre to haunt ghosts, looking in on their
activities and even communicating with them while
remaining unseen and untouchable. At the highest
level, it lets that same Spectre appear "from nowhere"
to wreak havoc, then vanish as suddenly as it arrived.
By tapping one Spite, a Spectre can peer through the
Shroud to see what is occurring in the living land
beyond. A second Spite tap allows the Spectre to hear
what is happening there as well. Tapping three Spite
lets the Spectres' voice or hive-mind telepathy pass
across the Shroud, allowing for communication. A
Spite four tap breaches the Shroud, allowing the
Spectre to reach across and take things, though at-
ing would be impractical. Tapping five Spite
pierces the Stormwall, allowing the Spectre to either
enter or leave the shadowy land beyond it.

Virus: Almost as rare as Manifest, this Horror
allows a Spectre to virtually overwrite itself onto the
spirit of a low-Vitality ghost. Tapping one Spite
enables the Spectre to see through the eyes of any
ghost whose Vitality is three or less for a scene. A
second Spite tapped gives the Spectre the ability to
hear what is being said as well. For three Spite, a
Spectre may manifest within a Vitality one ghost,
overwriting the spirit's body and destroying said
ghost in the process. Four Spite allows the same effect
on a Vitality two ghost, while five Spite carries the
effect to a Vitality three ghost. This Horror has no
effect on projectors.

tac

BREEDS

There are almost as many types of Spectres as there are
grains of sand ona beach. Four of the most common breeds
of Spectres encountered by Orpheus agents, however, are
Lost Boys, Frighteners, Fetches and Reapers.

LOST 8o0Ys

Named for characters from J. M. Barrie's Peter Pan, the
Lost Boys are Spectres that, in life, were children who died
as a result of their parents' criminal neglect. By the time
these kids pass on, they are so beaten down by life that it is
only a short fall to Spectredom.

Lost Boys bear the signs of their neglect, their want
etched into their forms. Each Lost Boy is just skin and
bones — a veritable walking skeleton — with a dis-
tended belly more appropriate of a UNICEF ad than
stalking the streets of America's largest cities. The
creatures may be recognized as something other than a
normal ghost by certain inhuman features. The first are
their unnaturally huge dark eyes. Soulful and sad, they
speak volumes of the creatures' needs, which (unsatis-
fied in life) are twisted in death. Other such features
relate to satisfying those horrible needs — the Lost Boys'
mouths are so wide when opened as to practically bisect
their heads, and within that gaping maw are dozens of
razor-sharp, sharklike teeth and the denticled, rasping
tongue of a lamprey, which may ensnare prey up to a
couple of yards away. Prey so caught is dragged into the
Spectre's hungry jaws and devoured, though this does
little to satisfy the gnawing hunger these creatures
always feel.

Lost Boys are eternally hungry and scavengers of the
dead that prey on the adults these Spectres recognize as
having betrayed them in life. Though, by Spectre stan-
dards, the Lost Boys are individually weak, they typically
travel in packs of five to 15, allowing them to challenge
even more powerful prey — prey such as Orpheus crucibles.

HUNGER, THE LOST SOY

An Orpheus crucible discovered Hunger and his
gang of Lost Boys infesting a Detroit orphanage. The
state of Michigan closed the orphanage 18 months
earlier after an investi; scovered that misap-
propriated funds, staff abuse and neglect were
responsible for the deaths of over 20 orphans. The
state slated the facility's reopening in August of last
year, but a series of increasingly bizarre disturbances
pushed that date back. Finally, in desperation, the
state contacted the Orpheus Group. Given the
structure's recent history, Orpheus sent a veteran
crucible to investigate the matter. What it discovered
was one of the largest recorded packs of Lost Boys.


Orpheus scientists theorize that the conditions at the
orphanage were so horrendous that as the 20 orphans
passed on, they quickly became Spectres. Though the
crucible succeeded in fumigating the orphanage,
Hunger and a group of five other Lost Boys fled into
the city. They remain at large. Hunger was originally
African-American and, like all Lost Boys, bears the
marksof prolonged starvation. He'sall skin and bones,
with protruding ribs and a distended belly. Hunger,
however, also possesses the sharklike maw, raspir
tongue and the enormous, lidless black eyes common
to Lost Boys.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2,
Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception
3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Awareness 2,
Brawl 3, Enigmas 3, Stealth 4, Streetwise 2, Survival 2

Nature ild

Willpower: 4

Spit

Offensi
tacle (barbed)

FRIGHTENERS

A Frightener is a Spectre who comes into being as
a result of a death so violent that it immediately
drives that individual into Spectrehood. Such indi-
viduals are consumed with impotent rage at the
manner of their deaths, and spend the remainder of
their existence wreaking bloody vengeance for their
condition on all they meet.

ies: Flit, Hive-Mind, Maw, Ten-

Frighteners are impossible to mistake for any
other Spectre breed and invariably bear the marks of

whatever killed them. A Frightener who died in a
house fire appears smoking and charred, while one
mauled to death by a bear forever evinces the bloody
proof of that attack. Interestingly, psychologically
speaking, a Frightener's method of attack also relates
to its manner of death. Therefore, the Frightener who
perished in a fire might possess the Immolate Horror,
while the victim of the bear attack might have ter-
rible claws and an enormous fanged maw.

There are few Spectral foes as implacable as a
Frightener. Once committed to someone or
something's destruction, a Frightener will not stop
before achieving that goal. They never flee... they
must either be avoided or destroyed.

JACH OLANTERN, THE
FRIGHTENER

Like all Frighteners, the one known to the Orpheus

cist as the result of a

Group as Jack o' Lantern came to e

death so violent that he became a Spectre upon passing
over. From what Orpheus has deduced, Jack was a
passenger on Flight 209, a hijacked airliner that crashed
into the Atlantic Ocean, 20 miles out from JFK en route
to London. The events of the hijacking — the terror
experienced when the engines failed, the dread felt
when the plane dropped from the sky and the horror of
the passengers screaming for God's mercy — pushed the
soul of the man who was to become Jack over to the dark
side. Now, Jack o' Lantern is merely a vehicle of flaming
vengeance, punishing those he meets for the events that
killed him. With his charred skeleton and burning eye
sockets, Jack is easy to spot. Typically, the focus of his
revenge are passengers aboard planes that he happens to
board. Jack is less concerned with accuracy than in


inflicting pain and suffering to equal his own. Orpheus

h

believes he may be responsible for one plane cre
already and for forcing two others to land.
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0, Perception
4, Intelligence 1, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Intimi-
dation 4, Melee 3
Nature: Bravo
Willpower: 7
Spite: 7
Offensive Abiliti

FETCHES

Operating as hounds, Fetches hunt down powerful

st Hive-Mind, Immolate, Manifest

ghosts and projectors who either have or might conceiv-
ably one day interfere with the Spectres. Whenever a
spook expends a large amount of Vitality, thereby war-
ranting Spectral intervention, it isalmostalwaysa
who tracks down and dispatches the offender.

etch

Given their tendency to use Flicker almost con-
stantly, their true form is seldom if ever glimpsed; still,
Fetches are distinctly inhuman in appearance. They
almost look like hairless anthropomorphized dogs or
wolves, with humanoid bodies and canine skulls.

Unlike Lost Boys or Frighteners, Fetches were never
human and, thus, bear no human frailties. Their origins
remain a mystery, though Orpheus believes they may be
animal ghosts turned Spectres. They exist only to per-
form their one job, and they perform that job admirably.
Though Reapers have successfully killed more Orpheus
agents at a time, Fetches hold the record for most
dispatched overall.

BARASHERVILLE, THE
FETCH

Baskerville is the nickname given to a Fetch cur-
rently operating around London's Baker Street near the
United States Emba here. Its name is a reference to
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's The Hound of the Baskervilles.
The Orpheus Group was investigating a potential em-
bassy haunting, which was caused by a courier who died
under mysterious circumstances. After several days of
investigation, the Orpheus projector assigned to the
case felt close to a breakthrough, which would help the
courier deal with his death and move on. While using
her Forbode ability to uncover the final piece of the
puzzle, however, the courier suddenly convulsed vio-
lently, seemingly shaking himself to pieces, unveiling a
blurred, but twisted shape beneath that moved in accel-
erated bursts — Baskerville. The two fought, but the
Fetch got the better of the projector, forcing her to
retreat to her body. When the projector returned with
her entire crucible, both Baskerville and the courier's

Ale ey
>

—

eee

ghost were nowhere to be found. By talking to ghosts in
the area, the crucible learned this was no isolated occur-
rence. It seems the Fetch has, on several occasions prior,
destroyed blips by manifesting within them to ambush a
more powerful ghost. Orpheus agents in London have
yet to discover if Baskerville is a single Fetch operating
on its own or if "it" is in fact a group of the creatures
mistakenly believed to be a single entity.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abiliti Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Awareness 2,
Brawl 2, Enigmas 3, Expression 2, Investigation 3, Lead-
ership 2, Linguistics 2, Performance 2, Stealth 4,
Subterfuge 4
ature: Deviant
Willpowe
Spite: 8
Offensive Abilitie:

RERPERS

Reapers are the most powerful type of Spectre en-
countered thus far by Orpheus Group agents; they
seemingly operate as assassins, and as such, they are
combatants of both subtlety and brutal efficiency.

Claws, Flicker, Hive-Mind, Virus

These Spectres eliminate ghostly threats to other
Spectres and do so in the most effective manner pos-
sible. They bear the countenance of the so-called "Grim
Reaper," a personification of death popular since the
Middle Ages, serving as walking symbols of the fear of

death that most beings, both living and spook, share.
Each Reaper stands nearly seven feet tall, with jet-black
eyes and glossy-black chitinous skin that features ivory


patches on the face and hands. Reapers wear tattered

of countless dispatched
ed chains that
occasionally seem to move with a will of their own. In
their hands, the Reapers bear the tool of their trade —
a terrible, sharp scythe with a shining blade over three
and a half feet long.

Although Orpheus researchers believe Reapers were
never human, these Spectres possess an alien intelli-
gence different from, yet greater than, that of the average
man. They employ this in service of Spectres and often
surprise crucibles used to the stunted, linear thinking of
Frighteners and their ilk. They know how best to use
their arsenal of Spectral abilities and always manage
their S

spooks, and bedecked with lengths of rus'

pite wisely in combat.

Though the Reapers serve some nihilistic agenda,
they are not so quick to hurl themselves into self-
destructive ac other Spectres do. They understand
their self-worth and the importance of their mission.
Only when the latter outweighs the former will a Reaper
¢ itself rather than escape to return and finish the
job at a more opportune time.

GRIMM, THE RERPER

Grimm and its ilk spark terrifying urban legends
among ghosts and projectors alike. There are numerous
apocryphal tales of Reaper appearances told by both
ghosts and pigment users, and though the creatures look
similar to personifications of death in art as depicted as
far back as the Middle Ages, Orpheus personnel docu-
ment only a handful of Reaper sightings. These few
encounters, however, led to the deaths of more than 12
Orpheus employees, six of them projectors. In at least
ame Reaper was involved: Grimm

two encounters, the s

- Pi Oy

ae oe a P
(as dubbed by Orpheus). It's been identified as the same
Spectre by the small, vaguely heart-shaped patch of
black at the center of its pallid face, a mark that accen-
tuates the Reaper's deathlike appearance.

Grimm, like his entire breed, is a ghostly enforcer
and assassin employed to eliminate problem ghosts.
That duty now includes those projectors who stand in
the way of its kind. This Sp
underestimated, but to be feared.

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance |, Perception
3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Awareness 3,
Brawl 3, Intimidation 5, Investigation 2, Leadership 3,
Melee 5, Occult 2, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 2
Nature: Monster

ctre is not one to be

Willpower: 10
Spite: 10
Offensive Abilities: Carapace (+5B/5L soak), Chill,

Hive-Mind, Manifest, Rend,

Tentacles (barbed; chains) x 2
Name Speed Accuracy Damage Defense
ResperSeythe 2 +1 at)

JASONS

stumble across an empty vessel

difficult to recogr

The Orpheus Group is correct in its assumptions about
these creatures. The truth is there are more Jasons roaming the
streets than Orpheus would ever guess. Whenever a target's
mind becomes so addled from pigment drug use that he
effectively loses his identity, he is in danger of being noticed
and possessed by any Spectre present that knows the Virus
Horror. In these instances, conduct an opposed Willpower
test, Spectre versus potential host. If the Spectre accrues more
successes, it takes over the host, injecting its essence into him
and obliterating him, much like certain Spectres do to low-
Vitality ghosts. If the potential host wins the contest, the
Spectre may not possess him until he partakes of pigment
again. On a tie, the Spectre fails to possess the potential host,
but may try again on the following turn.

If a projector is outside his skin then a Spectre may
simply take up residence in the vacant body. Body
snatching is only a threat if the Spectre spots the
projector leaving his body behind, or is lucky enough to

If one knows what to look for, Jasons aren't that
. The eyes, as the saying goes, are

windows to the soul, which, in this case, has been
replaced by pure malevolence. Looking into the jet-
black eyes of a Jason is to glimpse the Nothing that
spawned it. Once someone recognizes this indicator for
what it is, there is no mistaking a Jason for anything but
an engine of relentless destruction.

Se oe |

———— sre =


a a

Jasons
Threat Tag: Enigma-class Red

Background: Until recently, Orpheus considered this threat apocryphal, an urban legend popular
among our profession, created to explain unconscionable acts perpetrated by rogue Skinriders or
garden-variety madmen. A recent bungled operation by one of our competitors, however, has
eliminated all doubt as to these creatures' existence.

A Jason is the result of a Spectre possessing a live human host. Such hosts become remorseless killing |
machines fueled by an insane hatred of all that lives. Several Orpheus scientists theorize Jasons were
responsible for spree killings in a number of small towns in the United States — Haddonfield, IL;
Greenwood, MS; Arkham, MA — but no definitive proof of the creatures existed until the details of
the Forest Hills Massacre came to light.

The manner by which a Spectre possesses a living human being is still under investigation. What is
known is that these so-called "Jasons," once in possession of bodies, immediately embark on a
campaign of violence, ing anyone with whom they come into contact.

Unlike the vast majority of mortal spree killers who use firearms to kill as many people as possible in
the shortest amount of time, Jasons seemingly prefer the up-close-and-personal approach, wielding
axes, machetes and kitchen cutlery to deadly effect. The Jasons also enjoy separating targets from one
another, killing them one by one and leaving the mutilated bodies for the survivors to discover. It was,
4] in fact, a combination of this deviation from the standard spree-killer profile and the killings' origin
in an area suspected by locals to be haunted — Haddonfield's Mayers house, Greenwood's Camp
Amethyst Lake and Arkham's Phillips University — that originally suggested these creatures'
existence in the first place to certain Orpheus scientists.

Since Orpheus came into possession of the Forest Hills surveillance tapes, we've studied them frame
by frame. Sooner or later, Orpheus agents are bound to run across one of these murdering machines in
the field, and we don't want a repeat of the Forest Hills Massacre featuring our personnel. We're still
in the dark about the why and how of these beings' origins, but as for the where and when, it seems
that Jasons are birthed in locations of violent hauntings soon after a suitable host appears on the scene.
Unfortunately, we at Orpheus are unsure about who exactly makes a "suitable host" for these creatures.
Thus far, we only have physical evidence from a single occurrence. We need more data on this matter
before reaching any firm conclusions.

One thing we have learned from the evidence is that, once a person is possessed by a Spectre, he

, becomes something both more and less than human. The person's physical strength increases greatly.

There is documented video of a Jason stabbing a 6-foot-tall, 220-pound security guard through the

sternum with a butcher knife, then lifting him one-handed and hurling the man over its shoulder.

} Additionally, the creatures are incredibly resistant to physical trauma. In one instance, in the foyer of

| the Forest Hill's mansion where the massacre took place, three security officers opened fire on their ¢
|

assailant. The Jason endured a confirmed 13 shots to its head and upper torso before dropping. And

then, when one of the officers went over to investigate, it sprang up to stab him in the abdomen

\ (despite prompt medical treatment, the guard subsequently died four hours later.) The apparent trade-

off for these creatures' remarkable physical prowess is a loss of higher brain functions. While

exceedingly clever hunters and killers, Jasons are not capable of long-term planning or making

; intuitive leaps. For that reason, we believe the best way to combat these creatures is not to outfight
i} them, but outsmart them.

We need a crucible to track down the creature from Long Island and attempt to capture it for further
study. Until we know more about these things, we ask projectors not to engage a Jason directly, merely
to report any sightings or potential sightings to their superiors. Like Spectres, these creatures are not
we have yet to discover.

to be underestimated. It's possible they have abili'

Status: Gather Intelligence

a7.

ane 6

CURRENT STATUS

The only Jason the Orpheus Group currently knows
about is the Forest Hills murderer known as Hyde.
Currently, Hyde is wandering the wooded areas of
Parkdale, preying on the park's population of indigenous
animals and the homeless. Soon, however, the Jason's
patience will be rewarded when investigators find and
try apprehending him.

In truth, not all Jasons are mindless homicidal
. There are many different types of Jasons —
violent ones, sly ones and even animal ones — and it
remains to be seen if Orpheus can learn of and adapt to
this fact before it's too late.

HYDE

Hyde is the product of a horrendously botche
Terrel & Squib mission in Queens, New York. Blunder-
ing unprepared into an already volatile situation
involving a Spectral infestation of a Forest Hills man-
sion, the T&S team inadvertently angered the Spectre:
The Spectres retaliated, and one of them possessed the
team's client, a pigment user named Arthur McAlester.

mar

Unlike similar incidents elsewhere involving spree
killers (which Orpheus later hypothesized were Spectres
inhabiting human hosts), the whole "Queens' episode"
was witnessed by trained T&S staff and recorded on
both Kirlian and standard video cameras. The Spectre
clearly enters the client's body in the Kirlian video,
while the standard cameras

apture the resultant cz
nage of McAlester's bloody rampage. The ax-wielding
Jason slaughtered over a dozen T&S personnel, and in
the resulting firefight, the mansion burned to the ground.

An additional five people died in the blaze, including

the client's wife and three-year-old daughter. Arthur
McAlester's body was never recovered, and so it's pre-
sumed he, or more precisely the thing in possession of his
body, survived the fire and escaped.

As for the creature's name, apparently, a Terrel &
juib parapsychology technician asked her team leader
"What the hell is that thing?" when it started its murder-
ous rampage; when he responded with the single-word

order "Hide!" she misunderstood that as the creature's
name, Hyde. Apocryphal story or not, the name stuck.
Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0, Perception
4, Intelligence 1, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Intimi-
dation 2, Melee 3

Nature: Bravo
Willpower:
Spite: 10
Offensive Abilities: Hive-Mind (being embodied
doesn't cut off the

pectre inside McAlester from its

brethren), Ignore Wound Penalties (wound penalties
do not apply to Hyde), Preternatural Strength (the
Spectre's own Physical Traits augment that of its host's,
adding 4 dots to Strength, 3 to Dexterity and 3 to
amina), Regeneration (Hyde may tap Spite to heal
physical damage he's sustained; it heals lethal damage

ona one-for-one basis, while the expenditure of a single
point of Spite heals all its bashing damage).

TERREL & SOUS
PHARMACEUTICALS

Terrel & Squib is Orpheus Group's chief competitor.
Its background in "legitimate" science

and its "clients first,

no questions asked" ethic attracts customers who wouldn't

touch the Orpheus Group with a 10-foot silver spoon.
Much of the company's success in this new venture is
attributed to the efforts of its founders, John Terrel and Dr.
Lionel Squib; one possesses a keen financial sense and the

other a pharmaceutical genius.

Dr. Squib was instrumental in researching, understanding
and replicating the process to create pigment, and it was that
revelation to Terrel two years ago that brought about T&S's
entry into paranormal research. Somehow made aware of
pigments properties, Squib suggested to Terrel that the com-
pany shift its focus to paranormal investigations, pointing to
Orpheus' unprecedented success in that arena. Sensing a keen
business opportunity, Terrel agreed.

Unlike Orpheus agents, who often try helping ghosts
come to terms with their condition, T&S
ghosts, ostensibly for "reeducation" so they can become
conscripted agents (read "slaves") for the company. This is
how T&S makes up for the lack of projectors.


Terrel & Squib Pharmaceuticals
Threat Tag: Contender Gray
Background: Until quite recently, Terrel & Squib was just another struggling
pharmaceutical company trying to make a dent in a market sewn up by the much larger
multinational drug companies. Then, about a year-and-a-half ago, Terrel & Squib made
a surprise move and entered the field of paranormal investigation and elimination, a
lucrative market that, until that point, we at Orpheus Group dominated with no
competitors. What sparked this drastic change in market strategy remains uncertain.
Terrel & Squib's relative success, however, speaks for itself.
Terrel & Squib brought with it to this new venture an initial capital investment
Orpheus could only have dreamed of at our outset. During its brief time in operation,
Terrel & Squib already invested millions of dollars on advertising, recruitment and
operating expenses. It markets its services to rich, high-profile clients — rock stars,
nouveaux riches and the Hollywood elite — charging enormous sums to discreetly
handle any problems they might have in any manner the clients sees fit... no questions
asked. The Figh prices the company charges for its services are far beyond the range
of a typical Orpheus client, but are well within the means of those elite with something
to hide and wealth to spare.
Thanks to its deep coffers and questionable ethics, Terrel & Squib's paranormal
division grows by leaps and bounds. It operates with a staff approximately three times
as large as that of the Orpheus Group, though it only services a third of our annual
clientele. Even among its enormous personnel base, there are only a handful of
confirmed projectors (all skimmers), not nearly enough, it would seem, to properly
service even its admittedly small list of clients.
What Terrel & Squib lacks in projectors, it makes up for in ghosts, high-tech gadgetry
and support staff. When Terrel & Squib arrives on the scene of a haunting, it deploys
a team consisting of a dozen parapsych technicians, half that many security officers, a
team leader and the occasional skimmer (but most often, a ghost or three). The team
arrives in black Hummers and a black motor home modified into a mobile command
base. It proceeds to unload vast amounts of parapsych gear — motion detectors,
infrared and Kirlian cameras, magnetometers, temperature gauges and the like — and
sets up a perimeter around the haunted site. Near is we can tell, all this flash and
overkill is just to impress the client. As anyone on staff can attest, most "hauntings"
turn out to be false alarms, merely natural phenomena misinterpreted by the paranoid

ullible. Terrel & Squib, by contrast, takes the aphorism "the customer is always
right" to extremes. If a customer says she's being haunted, Terrel & Squib is ready to
believe her, the truth of the matter notwithstanding. Then, it's lights, cameras, special
effects, and faster than you can say "fraud," the client's property is rendered "clean"
of plasmic manifestations and their bank account liberated of a cool half mil.
Unfortunately for Terrel & Squib's agents, sometimes a haunting is quite real. By our
standards, Terrel & Squib routinely cuts corners on much-needed research time, often
putting its staff — and, on occasion, its high-paying clients — at serious risk of
personal injury and death.
Relevant Personnel
Terrel & Squib Pharmaceuticals is headed by the eponymous Mr. John Terrel and Dr.
Lionel Squib. John Terrel was a ‘90s wunderkind who made a fortune during the
Internet boom and was smart enough to pull his money out before the boom went bust.
Dr. Lionel Squib is a Harvard-educated biochemist with more than 100 drug patents to
his name. A mutual friend introduced the two soon after Terrel had unloaded his
Internet stock, when he was looking for the next big thing. Dr. Squib convinced Terrel
to join him in forming a brand new drug company using Terrel's capital and Squib's
reputation.
Status: Gather Intel

——————


CURRENT STATUS

Orpheus is constantly baffled by T&S's consistently
poor intel capacity and even poorer training techniques.
If it weren't for these shoddy work practices, Terrel &
Squib could certainly give the Orpheus Group a run for
its money. As it stands, despite an enormous capital
investment in this new venture, Terrel & Squib contin-
ues slipping further into the red. If this continues,
Orpheus suspects the corporation will run itself into the
ground within five years (considered a conservative
estimate by some). Perhaps more surprising, however, is
that T&S

a boom company when it should be tightening its belt.
HAREN RORMS, TERRELL
SOUBPARRAPSYCH TECH

Back when you attended Duke University's famed
parapsychology department, you had no idea that one day
you'd be in such a high-profile position, rubbing elbows

is still expanding its operations and acting like

with millionaires and superstars instead of working in some
musty campus lab for menial research. You enjoy the travel
and adventure your job affords you, and the salary is
outrageous. Now, if you could just forget about what
happened to your team in Queens and convince yourself it
can't happen again.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3.
Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Abilities: Academics 2, Athletics 1, Alertness 2,
Awareness 2, Bureaucracy 1, Computers 2, Empathy 2,
Enigmas 1, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 3, Science
3, Technology 3
Shade: N/A

Lament: N/A

Nature: Scientist

Willpower: 5
Equipment: Possesses Kirlian goggles. Also, she has
access to and the training to operate Ti

's top-secret
labyrinth cages.

ROGERVOIGHT, TERRELL &
SQUIB GHOSTSRERHER

You saw some fucked-up shit when you worked
S.W.A.T. back in D.C., but that's nothing compared to
what you see working for Terrel & Squib— bleeding walls,
stigmata, spontaneous combustion, you name it. Still, the
pay's terrific, and you earn a month's paid vacation each
year. Nota bad trade-off for the nightmares, headaches and

substance-abuse problems you've been having, eh?

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-

iiétna 2; Manipulation 2;:Appearance 2) Perception, 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Ab Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Drive 1,

Firearms 3, Law 1, Melee 1, Intimidation 2, Intuition 3,
Leadership 2, Security 3, Stealth 1, Survival 2

Shade: N/A

Lament: N/A

Nature: Defender

Willpower: 6

Equipment: Pigment slap-patches allow him to see
spooks if ani ‘operation. goes south) Typical armament
includes light pistol, sub-machinegun (including a single
clip of ghostshot ammo that affects ghosts like they were
flesh) and pepper spray. Outfitted with a bulletproof vest
and a helmet with built-in com gear.

ee ee


TERRELS sQuie GEAR

Ghostshot Ammo: This is a specially treated form of
9mm ammunition that Dr. Squib designed to work on
gauze and flesh. It does the appropriate light pistol or sub-
machinegun damage, depending on the weapon firing it.
The black material lacing the shell-casing remains uniden-
tified, but it appears to be the same composite used in the
construction of T&S's labyrinth cages.

Kirlian Camera: Stemming from the scientific re-
search conducted in the 1940s by a Russian
husband-and-wife team, Semyon and Valentina Kirlian,
the Kirlian technique consists of photographing objects
while exposing them to high-frequency electric fields. The
resulting imag pture the subjects' bioplasma on film or,
given modern advances, videotape.

Kirlian Goggles: Kirlian goggles work as a miniatur-
ized, close-circuit Kirlian videosystem, capturing bioplasmic
images and overlaying them on the goggles' interior in the
manner of a heads-up display. With this device, T&S
agents can see spooks as though normal.

Labyrinth Cage: These are 10-foot cubes of black-
alloy steel and smoked bulletproof glass with a remote
control unit to open the cage wall. The ambient tempera-
ture of the area of use notwithstanding, the bars are bitterly
cold to the touch. After a ghost enters the cage (usually
through the haranguing efforts of T&S projectors or the
liberal application of ghostshot autofire), the door closes,
trapping the ghost within. Labyrinth cages are as solid to
ghosts as they are to the living and are nearly impossible to
escape from since none of the locking mechanisms are
accessible from the interior. Their most vulnerable areas
are theirsliding-glass doors, but even theyrequire 10 health
levels of lethal damage before creating a large enough hole
through which a ghost can slip (the glass has a soak of 10B/
10L). Perhaps more unusual is that Vitality expenditures
within a labyrinth cage actually repair damaged glass and
bars, with each Vitality healing one lethal or four bashing
levels of damage to the structure. Following this absorption
of Vitality is a drop in temperature around and within the
device itself, similar to the effect caused by the Spectral
power Chill (with the Vitality spent substituted for Spite to
determine damage; the radius of the effect is equal to the
Vitality spent in yards). Thus, high levels of Vitality
expenditure on Horrors, those that might actually succeed
in breaching a c:
Outside help is usually the only way to escape from a
labyrinth cage, as is spending Spite to call upon Stains.

NEXTWORLD, INC.

NextWorld's roots lie buried in the shadow world of
Cold War Soviet military, and their experiments into
the realm of psychic abilities and paranormal phenom-
ena. GRU (Soviet Military Intelligence) rounded up

dovensof potential p chics, as well as Siberian shamans
and Central Asian Sufi mystics for Project Zmei in the
1980s. It was an effort to create psychic agents out of
Soviet military personnel, but official reports indicate
the project was a resounding failure when the Soviet
Union collapsed.

Coinciding with Soviet Ru integration, Gen.
Derkov, one of the project overseers, fled the country,
taking copies of the project's research with him. Consid-
ering the relative failure of Project Zmei, the GRU
ignored Derkov's desertion for greater concerns like the
theft of Russian nuclear-grade materials. They didn't
realize that the research was not so great a failure as
Derkov had led his superiors to believe.

Derkov quickly searched for ways to turn his mili-
tary experience and connections, as well as his research,
into a profit-making venture. He didn't have to look far.
Sir Alfred Williams found him. Williams was a former
troubleshooter for DeBeers with extensive connections
to various British intelligence services. With his Ameri-
can partner, Sydney Riley, Williams had established an
organization of professional mercenaries that offered its
services to corporations and anyone else able to afford
them. The two men approached Derkov, hoping his
military connections would give them access to a new
pool of professional talent. Derkov gave them some-
thing more: Project Zm

It took years to replicate the limited success of the
original project (the original soldiers spent years un-
dergoing instruction in biofeedback and mental
conditioning), and both Williams and Riley were ready
to cut their losses with Derkov's contribution. Derkov,
however, had an unexpected breakthrough. One of his
subjects became a projector. Tests performed with
additional subjects managed to produce two more
skimmers. After determining that all three men had
undergone numerous near death experiences, Derkov
developed a fairly consistent program (now known as
Project Firebird) for creating projectors. Derkov simply
failed to mention that his breakthrough happened
because he sent agents to steal the newly emergent
Orpheus Group's research notes, and subsequently
adjusted his own techniques accordingly.

CURRENT STATUS

All of NextWorld' living agents have backgrounds
in the military, intelligence services or law enforcement
agencies. NextWorld presently has three dozen projec-
tors, and they've successfully recruited a dozen ghosts
(an even mix of hues and spirits). These agents are the
company's elite, used for paranormal investigations
well as industrial espionage, psychological warfare
(haunting) and assassinations. NextWorld sees Terrel
& Squib Pharmaceuticals as the primary competition

S


NextWorld, Inc.
Threat Tag: Contender Green

Background: Officially, NextWorld, Inc. is a private security firm typically
hired by governments and political figures in the bloodbath of Third World
politics. Unofficially, NextWorld are professional mercenaries with an
extensive list of for-hire-killers with Special Forces training. If you have
a problem that you can't deal with through conventional channels, and if you
can afford them, NextWorld can arrange for your problem to disappear. Unlike
Orpheus Group and Terrel & Squib Pharmaceuticals (see attached file),
NextWorld, Inc. does not advertise its services. Initial speculation that
NextWorld clientele come to the company by word of mouth was recently
confirmed with field agent observations. It is unclear when NextWorld
expanded its services to include paranormal investigation and elimination,
but we became aware of these activities approximately six months ago.

NextWorld prides itself on its agents' professionalism, competence and strict
adherence to client confidentiality. This level of discretion makes the
company especially attractive to its clients. Even if it becomes known that
someone hired NextWorld, the specific services they perform for a client will
never become public knowledge. People who use NextWorld's services because
of paranormal concerns typically wish to avoid the media spectacle that often
accompanies Terrel & Squib operations, as well as any possible media
attention associated with the Orpheus Group. As a result, NextWorld
clientele, both confirmed and suspected, is a who's who of multinational
corporations, political figures and wealthy individuals of dubious merit.
The number of active NextWorld personnel is currently unknown, but we believe
it to be less than that of Orpheus Group. The level of training and experience
for NextWorld agents, however, far exceeds that of most Orpheus employees.
Over seventy percent of NextWorld operatives we've identified are former
military personnel, with at least half of those being involved in Special
Forces operations. The remaining members are primarily from Law enforcement,
often with special weapons and tactical training; we identified at least one
as a former member of the Central Intelligence Agency. Although we know
NextWorld does use projectors, we've been unable to accurately determine how
many the group employs.

Many of NextWorld's official activities involve bodyguard work, private
surveillance and security consultation. Often, this is used as a cover to
investigate and deal with hauntings and other paranormal activities for their
client. Unofficially, NextWorld agents also engage in acts of industrial
espionage, arson, assault and battery, and blackmail. We also suspect it of
being involved in at least one disappearance and three murders.

NextWorld's rate begins at $100,000 a week and increases depending on the
nature of the assignment and the number of agents required. The cost for
extralegal activities appears to begin at half a million per assignment.
Payments for official activities are handled by a bank in the Caribbean,
suspected of laundering money for the Russian Mafiya. Payments for off-the-
record assignments are reputedly funneled through one or more privately owned
family banks in Switzerland.

Relevant Personnel

NextWorld's Chief Executive Officer is Alexis Derkov, a former General in
the Soviet GRU (Military Intelligence). Derkov left Russia in the early 90s
for reasons we haven't determined. NextWorld's Chairman of the Board is Sir
Alfred Williams, a native of Britain who spent two decades in the employment
of the DeBeers diamond cartel. The Chief Financial Officer is Sydney Riley,
partner in the Law firm of Riley, Taylor and Wendt. These three men are the
sole members of NextWorld, Inc.'s Board of Directors.

Status: Gather Intel


for their preferred clientele: The OrpheiisGroupi is more
of an annoyance than a serious rival, a point of view that
could seriously handicap NextWorld in any dealings
with Orpheus.

LAURENS OUTOIT,
nEXTWORLD AGENT

A native of rural South Africa, Laurens possess
the casual attitude toward death that can come abot
only from growing up on one of the deadliest continents
on Earth. He encountered fatal circumstances a dozen
times over in his life, from snake bites on the family farm
to bullet wounds in street skirmishes. His work for
DeBeers brought him to the attention of NextWorld,
and his background makes him the perfect candidate for
Project: Firebird. Despite his talent for the almost effort-
less infliction of violence, he remains friendly and
charming in social situations.

‘

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception
3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Intimi-
dation 4, Subterfuge 1, Drive 2, Firearms 3, Investigation
1, Law 1, Linguistics 2, Medicine 1, Meditation 2, Melee
2, Security 3, Stealth 2, Survival 3

Shade: Poltergeist

Lament: Skimmer

Nature: Survivor

Willpower

Vitality:

Spite: 5

Offensive Abilities: Congeal, Helter Skelter

Equipment: Laurens is typically armed with a Glock
9mm automatic pistol and a fighting knife, but can
requisition additional weapons and equipment (includ-
ing military erade hardware) as tieeded.

STRATIC REFPERTERS
AND BuUIFS

Blips and drones are among the weakest challenges
characters will face. All, be they spirits or hues, exhibit
the same basic traits. Vitality is always one for drones
and two or three for blips. If a ghost's Vitality rating
exceeds three, he becomes an Echo-class ghost and is
considered either Allied or Hostile depending on his
behavior. Likewise, Spite is also one for all blips and
drones, though it can be as high as two or three for
special cases. If it increases, the low-ebb ghost becomes
a Spectre rapidly since his Spite is matching or exceed-
ing his Vitality almost immediately. Willpower is between
1 and 3 (human average or lower). Because of their low
Vitality, static repeaters and blips have very limited use
of their powers. Dead-Eyes follows the same rules as for
player characters (see p. 82), but blips and drones are
limited to the basic Horror for their Shade. Many only
use the Horror instinctively, and most remain oblivious
to any of their own abilities. These ghosts rarely have
Attributes rated above 2, and usually have few if any
notable Abilities. Drones are limited to zero-Vitality-
point manifestation forms, while blips can use
one-Vitality-point forms.

Drones and blips do very little. Most haunt the place
of their death or dwell around people and places impor-
tant to them in life. They typically go unnoticed until
they manifest.

THE ROSE GIRL

The Rose Girl went to all the trendy nightclubs, but
to sell roses. She earned her keep a dollar at a time, and
still made less money than the beggars looking for
handouts. It was a bitter and lonely life, one punctuated
by a back-alley rape and stabbing that stained the snow
around her redder than her roses. That's all she remem-
bers now. She exists only in those final moments in the
nightclub and the back alley.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception
2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Awareness 1, Empathy 3, Etiquette 2

Shade: Wisp

Lament: Spirit

Nature: Child

Willpower: 3


Static Repeaters and Blips
Threat Tag: Drone- and Blip-class Green

Background: The vast majority of ghosts are static repeaters or blips, enti-
ties lost to their own misery and misfortune. These low-ebb entities are the
most common ghosts encountered by Orpheus agents, and they constitute a large
amount of our work. As with all ghosts, they fall into two basic categories:
hues and spirits.

The hue population, while still low, is continuing to rise and produce low=
ebb ghosts, some in danger of "washing out" completely. Spirits are far more
common, and seem as likely to become static repeaters and blips as hues.
They are also far more diverse with fewer commonalities between them. Since
Orpheus began operations, we have cataloged a wide variety of spirits. The
only common traits are the same low levels of activity and self-awareness
that mark all drones. Almost a1] drones and blips encountered by Orpheus
agents are entirely oblivious to the fact that they're dead. These entities
simply continue carrying out actions related to the final moments of their
lives or to actions they performed frequently while living. Such activities
include everything from loitering in clubs and on street corners to endless
repetitions of the ghost's death scene (one such example being the hue in
Seattle whose entire existence consists of walking in front of the same city
bus each evening).

The low level of energy evidenced by these spirits makes them relatively
easy to deal with, at least physically. Such ghosts, while capable of the
same abilities demonstrated by Orpheus agents, lack the energy to fuel their
effects except at the lowest levels. Many static repeaters and blips appear
limited to the most basic abilities of manifestation. The difficulty in
dealing with these PlEs, however, lies in the challenge of identifying and
determining how to assist them. Many appear oblivious to the existence of
any other ghosts or projected entity, including Orpheus agents. Others recog~
nize the presence of particularly vibrant agents, but are unable to under—
stand who the agents are, frequently mistaking them either for people they
knew in life or for people they would expect to encounter during their
routine. These traits result in turning individual ghosts into a puzzle to
solve. This combination of factors (low physical threat, plus the need for
problem solving) makes low-ebb post-lifers the preferred choice of first
assignment for new field egents.

Status: Varies


Vitality: 2

Spite: 1

Offensive Abilities: Unearthly Repose

Notes: The Rose Girl is presented as a murder
mystery for the players' characters to solve. Details of her
death and what happens to her as a result of the charac-
ters' actions are left for the Storyteller to decide.

ALLUIEOGHOSTS

Orpheus' a
curate. Ghosts will ally themselves and cut deals with
Orpheus (as well as Terrel & Squib, NextWorld and
other factions) for all the reasons outlined. In fact, all
these groups, Orpheus included, make use of double
agents. These ghosts present themselves as potential
allies to gather information, feed false information to
the other group, manipulate the target group's opera-
tives (meaning the characters) and, ifneed be, eventually
betray the group to their rivals or enemies. Even close
friends may turn on the character if conditions are right.

essment of allied ghosts is entirely ac-

Storytellers can create these supporting characters
along the same model as the characters, though they are
often not as powerful. The typical allied ghost is an
Echo-class (Vitality four or five) one, with only one or
two Horrors (most often only the basic Shade Horrors).
Echo-class Willpower is typically half that of starting
Willpower for a particular Shade + Lament combina-
tion, though the Spite rating remains the same and they
can manifest fully. Allied ghosts rarely possess any
Orpheus backgrounds unless they garnered them through
deals with Orpheus agents.

More important supporting characters may be Mi-
rage-class (Vitality six or higher) ghosts and possess
abilities on par with Orpheus operatives. The Story-
tellermay

create these ghostsas players woulda character.

JOEY COOPER, HUE SNITCH

Joey knows almost everything happening on the
streets, and if the price is right he might share some of
his information. If somebody can't afford his price, too
bad. Life is tough and he's only looking out for Number
One. He forgot that rule once and ended up dead in an
alley for his troubles. Being dead isn't too bad. After all,
he doesn't have to pay rent anymore. Still, he'd kill for

a cigarette and something to drown out the Spectre
chorus in his head.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Intimidation 1,
Linguistics 1, Stealth 1, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Shade: Skinrider

Lament: Hue

Nature: Conniver

Willpower: 3

Vitality: 4

Spite: 5

Offensive Abilities: Puppetry; Stain: Joey con-
tinuously emits a noxious smoking fog from his mouth
and nose. If necessary, he can belch it forth in even
thicker volumes to facilitate escape and cause injury


Allied Ghosts
Threat Tag: Echo- or Mirage-class Blue

Background: Although Orpheus makes every effort to recruit non-
hostile ghosts into our organization, several of these potential recruits
turn down our offers of employment. The reasons for this are many. Some
do not wish to be a part of any organization while others have little
interest in our goals. While these ghosts do not wish to be a part of
Orpheus, however, many are willing to work with Orpheus agents in the
field. Motivations for these temporary alliances vary from individual to
individual, but typically fall under one of three basic categories.

The first and most common category belongs to those who ally with
Orpheus for purely mercenary reasons. Allies only in the most nominal
sense, these ghosts expect to be compensated for their time and effort.
Many such entities operate in much the same manner as police
informants, trading information and personal favors in exchange for
spiritual energy, future considerations or some other form of currency.
Other mercenaries will offer specialized skills ranging from technical
expertise to brute force, provided the price is right. Rarely do such
individuals work for actual money, unless they request such rewards be
anonymously transferred to a living friend or relative.

The next most common source of allied ghosts is those whose goals
temporarily coincide with ours. As with mercenaries, such ghosts work
with us on a case-by-case basis. Typically, these post-life entities are
motivated by the desire to protect some location or living persons who is
important to them. Self-preservation also serves as a potential catalyst,
with such ghosts turning to Orpheus agents to help them deal with a hostile
third party. Others appear to hold long-term goals that make alliances
with Orpheus agents useful for the time being.

Finally, the rarest form of allied ghost is the true ally. Such indepen-
dent agents are often friends (or close acquaintances) with one or more
Orpheus personnel. These individuals aid Orpheus out of friendship, often
with the unspoken understanding that their friends here at Orpheus will
aid them when needed. Orpheus requests that those field agents in contact
with ghosts please report all such alliances to their supervisors so we can
better assess our agents' overall capabilities when assigning missions.

Novice agents dealing with mercenary ghosts and temporary allies are
advised to exercise caution. Such individuals are often of questionable
loyalty and several field teams have reported instances of betrayal. Many
mercenaries are perfectly willing to cut better deals with another side,
and those who pursue their own goals outside of Orpheus are very likely
to betray agents if they feel it'\\ help advance their own agendas.

Status: Report All Contact

Hostile Ghosts
Threat Tag: Echo- or Mirage-class Red

Background: While many ghosts encountered by field agents are either non-hostile or harmless,
aggressive entities remain a primary danger of our work. It is important that Orpheus agents
recognize such ghosts and deal with them as the situation warrants. While hostile entities are as
diverse as any group of individuals, we can divide them into three broad categories based on
motivation. By understanding these reasons, field agents can better deal with hostile ghosts.
The most common motivation for hostility is territoriality. Such ghosts lay claim to something
and defend it against any and all perceived challengers, but the ghost's "turf" can literally be
anything including people, places and objects. While this territorial nature usually stems from a
benevolent desire — to protect a loved one or to preserve an item of great personal significance
— this attention almost inevitably borders on obsession. A deceased spouse or parent will
relentlessly harass and even attack anyone who takes a romantic interest in their living husband,
wife or -progeny. Others will consistently disapprove of the new owners of a beloved house, car
or item. Our agents encountered ghosts whose obsessions involved everything from wedding
rings to children's toys. Some ghosts even fixate on immaterial items, like their personal or
familial reputation, social causes and political movements. While agents can reason with some
of these hostile entities — often by offering Orpheus's aid in protecting the source of their
fixation — other ghosts fall so far into obsession and paranoia that any such effort is an exercise
in futility.

Similar in many respects to territoriality is the need for vengeance. It's no secret that foul play
is responsible for producing an unfortunate number of ghosts. Often, these PLEs seek out those
responsible for their untimely deaths and attempt to gain some form of revenge. As admirable as
this effort may seem to some, ghosts of this nature frequently lose all sense of perspective and
restraint. Collateral damage, including the deaths of innocent bystanders, becomes acceptable as
long as the ghost avenges herself. In addition, many resentful ghosts blame innocent people for
their demise, and launch campaigns of harassment and terror against scapegoats with little or no
involvement in the ghost's untimely end. As with territorial entities, some vengeful ghosts are
open to reason. If Orpheus agents can collect significant evidence to incriminate the murderers
and have them punished by the law, the ghost may willingly cease its activities and perhaps even
become an ally of Orpheus. Unfortunately, many such entities are unwilling to listen to reason
and will not be satisfied with anything short of death... anyone's death

The final and least common motivation is malice. Whether because the ghost is sadistic or self-
centered, some PLEs enjoy inflicting pain and suffering for their own twisted amusement... or
because they can get away with it. Such hostile entities are among the most difficult opposition
facing agents. There is often no rhyme or reason to their attacks and they are almost impossibly
and uniformly intractable. If denied their amusement in one location, they simply seek out
another target.

Because of their nature, such ghosts must almost always be permanently contained or even
destroyed. Dealing with such spirits is made all the more difficult by how easily some can be
mistaken for Spectres (see attached file) and vice versa. Agents are advised to use extreme
caution when dealing with these entities.

Status: Fumigate if Necessary

Pid
(one die of Bashing damage to anyone caught in the
choking, toxic fog cloud; two to the difficulty of all
actions for those caught within the smoke).

HOSTILE GHOSTS

Both spirits and hues strike out against the living for
varied reasons, but these motivations typically fall under
the headings outlined in Orpheus' report. One motivation
overlooked in that report, however, is greed. Some entities
haunt the living in exchange for favors similar to those
allied ghosts (see p. 281). Perhaps the reason
ails to inform its field agents of this fact is because
Orpheus itself sometimes uses such outside operatives.
Other factionsalsohire independentagents,andan Orpheus
crucible investigating a routine haunting may easily find
the trail leading back to any number of agencies... perhaps
even to Orpheus.

Hostile ghosts are typically Echo-class entities, with a
Vitality rating of four or five, as well as a high Spite rating
representing the ghost's rage and frustration at the living
(+2 Spite over starting Shade and Nature score). The
ghost's Spite rating may exceed his Vitality rating, indicat-
ing that the entity is well on the way toward becoming a
Spectre. Shades and Horrors can run the spectrum, but
more physically destructive powers like Helter-Skelter,
Puppetry, Juggernaut, Witch's Nimbus are the most preva-
lent. The typical Echo-class hostile has two Horrors.
Storytellers hoping to provide their players with a compa-
rablechallenge to themselves can use Mirage-classhostiles.]

THE PHANTOMHACHER

True genius is never recognized when it's alive. Now
that Sandy Mansfield is dead, he's damn sure going to get
the respect he deserves, and everyone who made his life

hellish will pay. Everyone knows how destructive a
computer can be in the wrong hands. Wait till he
possesses it and kills them through electrocution or
screen shrapnel. Wait till he lays bare their secre'

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2,
Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception
3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Shade: Haunter

Lament: Spirit

Nature:

Willpower: 5

Vitality: 6

Spite: 6

Offensive Abilities
Witch's Nimbus

ANIMAL GHOSTS

While animal ghosts are rare, they do exist. Animals,
whether living ordead, are rated according to their Physical
Attributes only, with Perception automatically at 3, and
their Abilities limited to the most basic of instincts (Alert-
ness, Athletics, Brawl, Stealth and Survival are the most
common). The majority of animal ghosts are drone or blip-
class entities, with only the most basic of ghostly powers
(Incorporeal & Invisible, Manifest and Dead-Eyes). An
extremely rare few can become Echo-class ghosts, but even
then, such creatures are unlikely to develop beyond the
basic Horror of their Shade.

child

Helter-Skelter, Inhabit,

Only warm-blooded animals seem to become ghosts,
though if reptiles and other lesser creatures have, then it's
likelier to mistake them for Spectres. Avian ghosts typi-
cally default to the Banshee Shade. Wild animals favor the
Poltergeist Shade, while domesticated animals tend to-
ward Wisp or Banshee. Certain vermin (like rats) that nest
inornearhuman dwellings may default to Haunter instead.
Skinrider animal ghosts are unheard of, and if such a
creature exists, itmay be unable to possess anything outside
its own species. Storytellers may, of course, twist or ignore
these guidelines at their leisure.

Animal ghosts exist, but the reasons why they persist
means that few actually enter this state. Animal ghosts
come about because they exhibit a particularly strong
emotion toward the living, whether they've always been
there to protect their beloved owners, or because they were
abused to the point of becoming vicious and thoroughly
malevolent. There must be some emotional attachment
thatallows them toe ghosts, to maintain a weak echo.
Their Vitality almost never exceeds three, and even then
that's a very aware animal. Their Spite, however, can be
higher, up to five, while their Willpower is likely as strong
given their tenacity to persist as ghosts.


Animal Ghosts

Threat Tag: Enigma-class Gray

Background: Over the past year, we've received a small, but steady stream of reports con-
tradicting our existing data on the nature of ghosts. These reports concern the existence
Of post-life entities that a) , for lack of a better explanation, to be the spirits of
deceased animals, Prior to this intel, all existing evidence indicated that only humans
could become ghosts (or, at the very least, that human ghosts were the only ones capable
of interacting with the living). The following is a summary of reported encounters
between Orpheus personnel and animal ghosts.
© Portland, Oregon:'3rundle Pharmaceuticals contacted Orpheus to investigate a Series of
reternatural phenomena at the company's Portland research facility. Initial soft probes
ays the field team discovered a pair Of spirits roaming the premises at night. The team
determined that the two entities were actually dogs in %rundle's drug research. Reports
indicate that researchers used pigment on the animals to determine the hallucinogen's
effects, thus providing the test animals abilities similar to those of human projectors.
The dogs could project throughout the facility while sleeping. Brundle has since allowed
us to transfer the two animals to Orpheus' labs for further study, on condition we share
our findings.
o Birmingham Alabama: A field team investigating potential poltergeist activity con-
fronted an unusually large entity that appears, from team description, to be a ghost-ele-
phant. All attempts to communicate with the entity have failed, and we can only assume
that the ghost was in fact an animal Further investigation revealed that a rogue bull
elephant was put down following an incident at the city zoo, providing supporting evi-
dence for a ghost animal. All attempts to contain the entity failed however, resulting in
the serious injury of two field agents. At present, the entity remains at large, but there
have been five potential sightings throughout the greater Sirmingham area.
o Boston, Massachusetts An Orpheus field team reports at least a dozen sightings of
small swarms of spirit-rats. The rats manifested in at least three separate neighborhoods,
attacking bystanders and damaging property when they appeared. One field team managed
to locate a possible source for the swarms in a warehouse used by local. see es dealers.
Apparently, a large nest of rats tried eating a shipment of the drug and overdosed. Cur-
rently, this is our first and best lead. The rats, however, have now spread throughout the
city, apparently splitting into several smaller packs of fifteen to twenty vermin each.
Originally, the rats demonstrated the most rudimentary of paranormal abilities (typi-
cally only manifesting visually or audibly). More recent apr however, indicate the
rats possess additional abilities, including inhabiting mechanical and electrical
devices in one case. This is an alarming ph Ges ag Even if the creatures' powers don't
grow further, their ability to hide in items might necessitate property damage just to
eliminate them
While these remain the most current intel we have on animal ghosts, we expect this collec-
tion to increase. All Orpheus personnel must report any and all possible encounters with
such entities. Field agents should also use extreme caution when dealing with these crea-
tures, Since we're still unsure of their full capabilities or the possible danger they
present.

Status: Gather Intelligence; Retrieval


SPECTRAL HOUND

The Spectral Hound isa large dog that roams the small
town itonce knewas home. It can serve as anally or enemy,
and its temperament depends entirely on the Storyteller's
needs. Whether the animal was beloved by all the locals
and persists as a guardian entity of sorts (Banshee) or it
knew nothing but pain and abuse, and exists to wreak
havoc (Poltergeist) are both viable options.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Intimi-
dation 3, Stealth 2

Willpower: 5

Vitality: 3

Spite: 2

Offensive Abilities: Bite (five dice of lethal dam-
age); either Helter Skelter (Poltergeist) or Wail
(Banshee).

PIGMENT

In truth, the Orpheus Group knows a little about
pigment since it's an addictive offshoot of the drug
originally developed to help skimmers project. Orpheus
lost the ability to replicate the drug when its lead
scientist (Dr. Harold Vermeer) died, but found other
mixtures capable of eliciting the same effect without the
drawback of turning projectors into hues.

The main difference between Orpheus' original
compound and pigment is the inclusion of higher
amounts of opium and peyote, as well as the mysteri-
ous missing link developed by Orpheus' original
research. Orpheus' compound was designed to ex-
pand consciousness while pigment is based around its

addictive qualities. Other than that, the two drugs are
practically identical.

Orpheus is terrified that someone might successfully
link their original research with pigment, but even they
don't know how their material was stolen. Orpheus'
Executive Leadership Team, however, suspects that
someone captured Vermeer's ghost and extracted the
information from him. It's unsure exactly who corrupted
the group's work on the drug, however.

CURRENT STATUS

So far, most of what Orpheus learned of pigment
came to light during other investigations. Orpheus'
leadership has been concerned that any investigation
it might launch into pigment's proliferation might
eventually lead agents back to them. The recent
interest in pigment shown by federal and local law-
enforcement agencies throughout North America,
however, is forcing the group's hand. Better by far
that Orpheus' own agents uncover its secrets than an
outside agency. After all, by keeping crucibles operat-
ing on different parts of the pigment investigation,
Orpheus decreases the likelihood that the whole
truth is ever uncovered by any of its projectors; if
worse comes to worst, Orpheus always has ample
opportunities to eliminate projectors who learn too
much —an unplugged sleeper unit here, an air embo-
lism in a skimmer there, and poof, no more problem.

CRSSANORFA RHODES,
PIGMENT H#BUSER

A drama student at the University of Michigan,
Cassandra Rhodes always craved attention, any kind of
attention. Growing up in small-town Georgia, she con-
stantly worried her parents, both devout Southern
Bap\ Asa teen, she picked the worst boyfriends, got
into fights at school and was busted twice for underage
drinking. Truth told, her parents were relieved when
Cassandra followed her would-be artist boyfriend to
attend school in Ann Arbor.

At the university, Cassandra's behavior only wors-
ened. Still demanding the spotlight, Cassandra enrolled in
the school's drama program. As usual, however, the young
woman fell in with the wrongscene, this time the university's
raver crowd. As a result, despite having some aptitude for
theater, Cassandra has yet to receive more than bit parts in
any play; her grades have also suffered.

Rather than studying or honing her craft, Cassandra
spends her nights at some party or club indulging in sex,
drugs and dance — not necessarily in that order. Until
recently, Ecstasy was her vice of choice since it height-
ened hersense of belonging, making her feel like everyone
was just there to watch her. For the past few weeks, since
the start of the semester, she's experimented with a new


Pigment
Threat Tag: Mark Green

Background: Approximately two-and-a-half-years ago, a new drug hit the
streets, and in the time since, it has taken the drug subculture by storm. The
drug is called pigment. It is cheap, it is highly addictive and it has one

; additional property that warrants its inclusion in Orpheus Group's files. It
allows users to see ghosts.
Now, admittedly, given the drug's hallucinogenic properties, few people
outside of Orpheus, including the vast majority of pigment's users, even known
it has this side effect. The fact that it does, however, warrants our interest
in this drug's production facilities, its producers and the reason for its
creation. The chances that a designer drug like pigment just happens to produce
such an unprecedented effect seems highly unlikely.

Since pigment first appeared, the Drug Enforcement Agency has linked it to

over 200 deaths, mainly overdoses, though a dozen homicides and twice that

i many suicides have been attributed to the drug locally. Law-enforcement

agencies gave it the nickname "black heroin" because of its ebony color and

i the death toll it racked up in so short a time.

The drug is most popular among casual drug users, ravers, college students and
the like. It seems to be the new recreational drug of choice, displacing even

j perennial favorites Ecstasy and heroin. Among the college crowd, pigment is
quickly replacing Rohypnol in popularity as a date-rape drug (given that recent
crackdowns on the latter's distribution make it much harder to procure and
much more expensive when available).
So, where does this drug come from? The DEA successfully intercepted several
pigment shipments at the border between Mexico and the United States. Thus
far, however, no one is certain whether Mexico is the country of origin for
the drug or whether it is being produced further south and merely has Mexico
as the transit point. Some of our sources within the DEA, however, believe
that the recent suspected drug lab in Tijuana, which burned out of control and
left 30 people dead was, in fact, producing pigment for sale in the US.

Who is producing the drug? Thus far, both federal and local agencies are

stumped as to pigment's producer. They disagree on whether the drug has one

single source or several manufacturers. At this point, investigators propose
myriad theories with little concrete evidence to support one supposition or

; discredit another.

J Why is the drug being produced? The possibilities posed by this question keep

hI our researchers awake at night. It seems unlikely that a drug with pigment's
highly addictive properties would "just happen" to carry additional side

| effects allowing its users to see the dead. So, if it isn't accidental, then
| the effect must be intentional. Development of such a drug would require
hy hundreds of man hours and an investment of millions of dollars ~ and it would

i | require absolute knowledge that ghosts were real, something that, to the best
of our knowledge, only Orpheus Group realized as a commercial entity when we

went public with that revelation. Yet, pigment has been a street-commodity for

two and a half years, regardless the R&D that transpired before that. Why put
that sort of effort into creating a specialized drug like pigment and sell it
like a common street drug? There must be more to it than what we know, but
until we learn more, Orpheus must wait for the proverbial other shoe to drop.

Given these lingering questions, Orpheus personnel who encounter pigment users

in the field should endeavor to trace the drug back to those dealing it and,

from there, to those distributing it (and, finally, to the manufacturer(s)).

Bear in mind that the drug allows its users to see disembodied projectors and

ghosts; there is some evidence suggesting certain pigment users may also

project themselves in the manner of Orpheus skimmers. Therefore, we remind all
investigative consultants to proceed with caution during such inquiries.

eS ——_

Status: Gather Intel

eee ae j
D>
oe

drug in the area, pigment. Cassandra appreciates the
poignancy the drug lends her personal dramas, plus
there's a whole new audience to pay her attention, and
once some ghosts realized she could perceive them,
they've paid attention to little else.

Last weekend, C ndra passed out on the dance
floor, only to awaken looking down at her own crumpled
form. The out-of-body experience lasted only a few
minutes, but as she watched her friends trying to revive
her, Cassandra had a vision that her roommate Sarah
was being attacked near the university's main library.
When she came to, Cassandra immediately called cam-
pus security, telling them her friend was being assaulted.
That call probably saved Sarah from rape and led to the
incarceration of a serial rapist operating in the area for
the past year.

Needless to say, campus gossip places the spotlight
right on Cassandra, and she loves it. She now equates
pigment use with fame and popularity, and it probably
won't be long before her drug abuse kills her... and worse.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception
4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Awareness 3,
Brawl 2, Empathy 3, Expression 2, Intuition 2, Medita-
tion 2, Occult 1, Performance 1, Stealth 1, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 2

Shade: Banshee

Lament: S|

immer

Nature: Masochist

Willpower: 5

Vitality: 6

Spite: 4

Offensive Abilities: Forebode, Wail

~

LESSERFFARCTIONS
SBROOHS HOUSE

Dr. David Underhill has no connection to the hues
of Brooks House, and is in fact ignorant of all things
supernatural. He is simply what he appears to be: A man
trying to oversee a charitable foundation and help as
many people as he can. The true source of the Brooks
House infestation is a woman named Mona Evanier, a
former counselor. Existing as a spirit since her death,
Mona was alarmed by the growing number of hues, and
is now trying to gather and help as many lost souls as she
can. Although she is primarily motivated by her sense of
charity, Mona is also a powerful Banshee, and is equally
driven by her concern over the series of visions that
show dark and terrible events on the horizon. In addi-
tion to hues and the occasional spirit, several people
living at Brooks House locations have become projec-
tors as a result of their pigment usage.

THE MONIGHT STAR

Michael Sloane isa relatively recent true believer in
the paranormal, and he has devoted a small part of his
fortune to not only producing scientific proof of its
existence, but also to spreading his message to the
masses. Unfortunately, Sloane's personal fortune owes
more to luck than any sort of genius. By using the
Midnight Star as his medium, Sloane has ensured his
message will be dismissed by most as tabloid sensation-
alism and fraud. Still, he soldiers on. The Midnight Star
employs roughly three dozen field personnel. Most are
journalists (ranging from young idealists to aging cyn-
ics), but several are parapsychologists, scientists and
self-proclaimed psychics (some of whom are actually
projectors). Some ghosts (both spirits and hues), help-
ing Midnight Star reporters, also assist in investigations
in exchange fora chance to feel useful or to support their
living family.

THE BLACH STEEL
CENTIFEDETAIAOD

The Black Steel Centipede Triad is a private empire
run by Zong Hong-fu, one of Asia's more feared crime lords.
Almost any criminal enterprise or vice that one can
conceivably lay at the feet of organized crime, the Black
Steel Centipede Triad gladly commits. The triad's opera-
tions are well entrenched along the North American West
Coast, from Vancouver to Tijuana; it also operates in New
York, Boston, Toronto, London and a dozen other major
cities. To make matters worse, the triad's leadership con-
sists of several Jason-type Spectres. Several of the group's
deadliest enforcers are Jasons, projectors or spite-consumed
spirits. See page 267 for more on Spectres.


ie

Lesser Factions
Backgrounds: With the increase in our operations, we at Orpheus Group continue encountering more and
more organizations employing, in some capacity, or associating with ghosts and projectors. While the
number of groups encountered remains small, we believe they will only continue to proliferate.

The following are the three most organized groups we have cataloged outside Terrel & Squib and Next-
World.

Brooks House

Threat Tag: Mark Gray

Brooks House is a private charity established in 1988 and managed by the Eleanor Brooks Foundation. One
of the wealthier residents of Seattle, Washington, Miss Brooks was renowned for her countless acts of
charity and philanthropy. Her will established both the Foundation and the Brooks House charity upon her
death. Today, Brooks Houses are found in cities throughout the United States, offering shelter, group coun-
seling, drug treatment and job t ng for teens and young adults.

Brooks House was the first organization in the country to offer treatment for pigment addiction. We believe

{
this the principle factor in the rather alarming number of hues seen in and around Brooks House locations.
Staff members appear unaware of these ghosts, but a small number of House residents noticed both the
(
(

hues and Orpheus Group operatives investigating the premises. Dr. David Underhill is the present chairman
of the Eleanor Brooks Foundation. Investigations into his knowledge or involvement with the Brooks
House hue infestation are ongoing.

The Midnight Star
Threat Tag: Mark Green
The Midnight Star is a nationally di

ributed tabloid headquartered in Miami, Florida. For most of its 20-
year publication, the paper has specialized in outrageously unbelievable offerings, including UFO abduc-
tion stories, incredibly elaborate conspiracy theories and quarterly "Frog Boy" updates. Most people
dismiss the tabloid as a collection of hoaxes, delusions and comic relief.

Three years ago, however, the reclusive and rather eccentric multimillionaire Michael Sloane, purchased
the Midnight Star, promptly forcing it to undergo a format change. The paper now undertakes serious
investigations into the paranormal, and features well-documented stories on haunted houses, ghost sight-
ings and possessions. Midnight Star reporters have investigated the sites of several recent Orpheus Group
operations, and in at least three instances, accompanying the reporters were spooks. Currently, Orpheus
Group cannot ascertain whether these entities are projectors or ghosts, nor can we determine Midnight Star'
s ultimate motives.

Black Steel Centipede Triad

Threat Tag: Foe Red

A China-based criminal enterprise, the Black Steel Centipede Triad remains largely a mystery beyond its
place of origin. Reports date the organization back to 19th-century Hong Kong, but it is likely their roots
are even older still. The triad is involved in all levels of modern organized crime, including prostitution,
gambling, forced labor and murder, as well as drug, weapon and illegal immigrant commerce. While the
Black Steel Centipedes' stronghold remains Southeast Asia and southern China, the organization's influ-
ence and operations have spread across the oceans. Interpol reports widespread investigations of the triad's
activities in Europe, Australia, Russia, and both North and South America.

More troubling is that recent Orpheus Group investigations uncovered evidence that the Black Steel Centi-
pede Triad employs ghosts as criminal enforcers. Agents sent to Los Angeles, Las Vegas and New York
report encounters with spirits and hues, whereas a team in San Francisco encountered a triad projector.
Each of these incidents ended in violence. Because of this, Orpheus Group agents should avoid all unneces-
sary contact with the triad, and use extreme caution if circumstances require any such interaction.


DANNY TRELANE, SROOHS
HOUSE HUE

Injuniorhigh school, youwanted tobecome the nextKurt
Cobain. Atleast you got the junkie partright. Yourfailed music
career drove you deeper into drugs until, finally, you died of a
pigment overdose. A group of hues rescued you from existence
asa blip and brought you to Brooks House. You aren't driven
by any great sense of altruism, but you feel indebted to the
people who saved you and you honestly haven't figured out
what else to do with your existence yet.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1, Manipu-
lation 3, Charisma 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence

2, Wits 2

Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness 1, Awareness 2, Com-
puter 1, Drive 1, Empathy 2, Intuition 2, Performance 1,
Security 1, Stealth 1, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Shade: Poltergeist

Lament: Hue

Nature: Dreamer

Willpower: 6

Vitality: 7

Spite: 4

Offensive Abili

AMATEURS Ano
INDEFENDENTS

The diversity of independent investigators makes generic
summaries difficult. Such a character could be anything from a
Doctor of Mathematics to a Cherokee medicine man (and could
very well be both). Storytellers can take advantage of this diversity

s: Inhabit

ontheirtoes. Forthe mostpart, Orpheus' assessment
Some professional investigators

tokeepplay
of these investigators is accurat
may actually work for covert government agencies, however, or
wealthy eccentrics, or some other group currently unknown to
Orpheus. These Death Merchants are more mercenary than
curious, though most amateur investigators are typically well-
meaning (if clueless). Unfortunately, many become victims or
tools of Spectres.

Independent investigators are different from most Orpheus
agents. Attribute and Ability levels are comparable to those of
Orpheus characters (though experienced investigators usually
possesshigher Trait ratings). The key difference lies in whether the
investigator knows how to project or not. Independent projectors,
regardless of their origins or methods, are identical to Orpheus
projectors. The only significant difference is that independent
supporting characters lack the backing of an organization like
Orpheus, and may not possess Orpheus Backgrounds. Storytellers,
however, may assign such Backgroundsas she sees fit (granting the
Detective License background, for example). Normal human
investigators are like every other person, and have no Shade,
Lament, Horrors or Stains.

OPTIONAL RULE: FPSYCHICS

Orpheusdoesnotdeal withany paranormal abilitiesbeyond
those of ghosts and projectors. Psychic abilities are a staple of the
ghost story genre, however, and Storytellers may wish to incor-
porate such powers into their chronicles. With that in mind, the
following guidelines use Horrors to represent psychic powers:
Helter-Skelter for telekinesis, Forbode for pre- and post-cogni-
tion, Unearthly Repose for empathic projection, Puppetry for
mind control, Inhabit for electrokinesis, Witch's Nimbus for
pyrokinesis and Juggernaut for mind-over-matter. Dead-Eyes
can also represent second sight. We recommend the Storyteller
reserve psychic abilitiesasa plot device for supporting characters.
Ifa psychic leams to project, he becomes a projector and not a
psychic projector. Instead of using Vitality, psychic powers
should teat the Vitality needed to power the effect as its level.
Therefore, ifapsychichas level two in Helter Skelter, ittranslates
asa two Vitality effect in that Horror. Additionally, the look of
the power changes with a psychic. Someone using Puppetry
doesn't enter the target's body, though line-of-sight or maybe
contact is required. Same with Inhabit.

DR. ANOREW CRANA HI

Andrew's interest in the paranormal dates back to his
childhood near-death experience, an event that drove him
tospend the last few years trying to unlock the secrets of "the
otherside." Encounters with frauds left him wary of potential
hoaxes. His mind is now a well-honed machine, using logic
and science to eliminate all impossibilities until only the
truth, no matter how improbable, remains.

Attribute:
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Pe:
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha-
eption 3,


Amateurs and Independents
Threat Tag: Mark Green

Background: In the course of our operations, we sometimes encounter independent
operatives who share one or more of our goals. While many such investigators have a
sense of curiosity outpacing their skill and ability, a growing number of independent
agents possess the experience and talent to successfully carry out their private
missions.

The typical amateur investigator is someone best described as "a true believer," and is
a fervent adherent to one or more paranormal or pseudoscientific belief systems. These
beliefs include, but are not limited to, psychic abilities, alien abductions and New Age
mysticism. This is often accompanied by belief in one or more theories involving
government or corporate conspiracies. Such investigators frequently interpret all
paranormal phenomena through the lens of their pet theories, even to the point of
ignoring information that might conflict with their beliefs. As a result, these
investigators often misjudge situations and refuse to work with people who don't share
their ideology. This makes them a potential danger to themselves and others.

In contrast, more professional, independent investigators tend toward skepticism and
guarded open-mindedness. Such individuals frequently possess a highly structured world
view. While many are trained scientists or engineers, some use a similar framework
available in religion or certain mystical belief systems. Some investigators even adhere
to both scientific and religious world views (contrary to popular misconception, these
two outlooks are not mutually exclusive). A typical investigation by such individuals
begins by eliminating all possible mundane causes for the suspected paranormal activity.
If this process of elimination leaves a ghost as the only logical conclusion as the catalyst
for events, the investigator conducts the inquiry with the same diligence as Orpheus,
using whatever tools are his disposal to settle the issue. Unfortunately, these
professional investigators often look down on Orpheus personnel, believing us more
concerned with profit and publicity than with actual paranormal research.

While simple curiosity motivates many independent investigators, both amateur and
professional, more and more appear driven by a need to understand and come to terms
with paranormal and death-related events affecting them personally. These investigators
have firsthand experience with ghosts, or have undergone one or more near death
experiences and now seek the truth behind such occurrences. In this quest to find
answers, many turn to biofeedback, sensory deprivation, shamanic rituals and other
techniques we at Orpheus used to develop the projector program. Others turn to
pigment (see attached file), tying their own personal investigations into studies of the
designer drug and its effects. As a result, several investigators have replicated our work
and developed the ability to project.

Relevant Personnel

Independent investigators lack any sort of overall structure; there are currently no
individuals who hold any meaningful influence over the subculture. Certain individuals,
however, have distinguished themselves to Orpheus personnel in one way or another.
Retired surgeon Dr. Stephen Cross of New York, psychology student Heather Corbin of
Vancouver and folklorist Prof. Lorna Felton of London are all competent and trustworthy
investigators. In contrast, individuals like Eric Gooseman, webmaster for ghostchasers.
net, and self-proclaimed cult expert Hillary van Tiffen are rank amateurs with an
overinflated sense of self-worth. Agents should avoid the latter camp at all costs.
Status: Gather Intel; Recruit if Feasible

Abilities: Academics 3, Computers 2, Enigmas 4, Fire-
arms 1, Investigation 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 2,
Science 4, Technology 3

Nature: Scientist

Willpower: 7

Equipment: Kirlian goggles, wide range of portable
sensors and technical gear, 9mm pistol.

DEVON mccoy

Until recently, Devon was a skimmer working for Terrel &
Squib for a six-figure salary and spectacular benefits. Then he
became involved with the Long Island fiasco (see Hyde, p.274) and
decided it was time foracareer move. Although the incidentnearly
killed him, one good thing did come of the whole affair — Devon
discovered he no longer needed Terrel & Squib's drugs to project.

Devon seized the opportunity to resign from the pharmaceu-
tical firm duringhisrecovery, deciding to go into business forhimself
and thereby share none of his accrued profits. Unfortunately,
without Terrel & Squib'sor Orpheus' name and the rep that comes
with it, Devon discovered that the rich, high-profile clientele to
which he was accustomed were not interested in hiring a virtual
unknown to handle theircases. Work evaporated, and there wasno
way he was crawling back to T&S only to die on another of its
"cakewalk" missions.

After several days of scheming, Devon finally hit upon a
solution. He'd engineer his own hauntings of folks' homes or
businesses, and then conveniently show up to deal with these
phenomena—for a substantial fee — in his role as a "Paranormal
Investigator." Although unable to charge the same fees as T&S, he
isalsoassured of hisown safety since he is the source of mischief with
which he deals.

Thus far, few of Devon's clients have formally complained to
the authorities conceming their suspicions as to his criminal
activities. Most never realize someone pulled a scam on them (the
hauntingisredl, afterall), while the majority of those harboringsuch
suspicions are too embarrassed at having been duped to come
forward. Terrel & Squib, however, is aware of the rogue skimmer's

\Y. ORPHEUS

ms
—_—

tS + ORIN Neel
activities and realize his grifts may negatively impact public percep-
tionofitsactivities. Infact, twas Terrel & Squibthatbrought Devon
to Orpheus' attention. After all, why should T&S deal with the
mess and bad publicity generated by a former employee when the
ever-altruistic Orpheus Group will feel obligated to waste its own
manpowerand resources doingso (while remainingsilenttoprotect
its own assets).

CURRENT STATUS

Devon is running his haunting scam in various small
towns throughout the state. He has no set base of opera-
tions, instead either establishing a temporary office in a
local strip mall or operating right out of his gadget-packed
Astrovan (with the exception ofhissatellite-TV system, all
these gadgets are for show.) If Devon continues with his
activities for much longer, someone's bound to find him
out. If that happens, the media would have a field day,
claiming groups like Terrel & Squib and the Orpheus
Group are also staging their hauntings to bilk clients.
Although there's absolutely no proof if this is true, the court
of public opinion has never needed much evidence before
passing judgment.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception
3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness 1, Awareness 1,
Empathy 2, Enigmas 1, Firearms 1, Intuition 2, Investi-
gation 1, Law 1, Linguistics 2, Meditation 1, Occult 1,
Stealth 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Shade: Haunter

Lament: Skimmer

Nature: Trickster

Willpower: 6

Vitality: 7

Spite: 4

Offensive Abilities: Helter Skelter, Inhabit


Mi

Devon McCoy
Threat Tag: Foe Green

Background: Devon McCoy (AKA David McKay, AKA Darrel Hughes, AKA
Don McCoy) is one of the greatest threats Orpheus Group currently faces.
Unlike the typical and daily dangers confronting Orpheus projectors —
uncooperative ghosts, Spectres, etc. — dangers for which they trained, Mr.
McCoy is a threat because of what he represents... and what he represents is
a trend that may potentially herald the downfall of our industry.

Devon McCoy makes his living conning innocent people out of their hard-
earned money — hardly a new activity and nothing that would normally
concern us at Orpheus. McCoy, however, puts a new spin on the confidence
game. He's a projector, and he, much like our own projectors, investigates
ghostly phenomena and eliminates potential threats for his clients, mostly
middle-class, white-collar types. Unlike our personnel, however, and
unbeknownst to his clientele, McCoy is also the source of those very
phenomena.

McCoy's modus operandi is straightforward. He finds a potential victim,
or mark, and "haunts" that person's home or place of business, using his
abilities as a projector to provide the authentic haunting experience with
which Orpheus employees are so familiar. Then, McCoy ponvenleay sets up
shop in town, distributing cards and fliers throughout the area advertising
his services as an "investigator of the paranormal." The desperate victims of
McCoy's bogus hauntings typically seek him out for help, which he gladly
supplies for an ample fee. Soon after, the paranormal phenomena BLOpS:
McCoy collects his money and he moves on to a new town and a new mark.
What makes Mr. McCoy so dangerous isn't his ruthlessness or his power, but
his tactics. Were his operation revealed to the general public, people would
question Orpheus' legitimacy. Although we pperany a genuine business,
handling the client's needs as they pertain to the spirit world, we would be
hard pressed to prove that in a court of law without reyediing the full extent
of BIGJEGEOES powers — which may themselves cause a backlash of paranoid
speculation about our ethics. The Orpheus Group relies on the public's trust
(or, at the very least, marginal acceptance) to operate. We worked very hard
to silence the skeptics and media pundits who wanted to debunk our work,
and a case such as this is exactly what they need to repair their own
damaged credibility and crucify us in the process.

To eliminate this threat, Orpheus projectors should investigate any
peran e activity matching Devon McCoy's standard MO. If agents discover
e is indeed involved, we ask that Orpheus employees make every effort to
subdue and/or capture this criminal and return with him to Orpheus proper.
We will make every effort to rehabilitate McCoy and bring him on boar
the newest member of the Orpheus team.

If Orpheus and McCoy are unable to reach a solution amicable to both
parties, we may need more drastic measures. This is a last resort, however,
since successful projectors are a ammo dity in short supply, and it would be
a shame to waste such a potentially valuable resource by incarcerating him.
Although we do not believe McCoy to be dangerous, we urge caution in
dealing with him; he is well trained in his gifts as a projector and could prove
quite dangerous if threatened. Be on guard, and stay sharp.

Status: Retrieval

Maggio: This besonent? }
W Rafkin: of course 2 this. basement! What co i
"ewith you people? If

Time to play the game. A series of missions written as Orpheus
ase files fill this Appendix. Storytellers may copy and distribute
ections to their players in the form of in-game briefings. The missions
make a strong starting point fora game session, but Storytellers must
decide on the actual details behind these missions. Are the details in
the files accurate? Are things as they appear or is something else
happening behind the scenes? Orpheus investigated each matter to
a great enough extent to dis er the information for the case file. A
Storyteller, however, may involve the characters in the events before
thebriefings, either observingor experiencing the incidentsfirsthand.

Like most organizations, Orpheus keeps its files in a standard
format. First, each Mission receives a Mission #. During briefings,
Orpheus uses the numbers to refer to open and closed operations.
Instead of asking an agent about the Haunting of the Randolph
building, Orpheus requests an update on Mission 40568. Using
numbers keeps information secure for Orpheus while adding to the
game's atmosphere of secrecy. Mission numbers also proceed in
chronological order. Therefore, if someone mentions Mission #009,
agents should realize the assignment was one of the first missions
Orpheus undertook. By having an early mission remain open, a
Storyteller can create dramatic tension.

Chapter Five details the criteria Orpheus uses toassigna Mission
Type. Intel Missions involve gathering information using real world
sources. During Intelligence
upon supernatural resources to investigate an event. Retrieval mis-
sions require the location and collection of something valuable.
Sabotage missions direct operatives in espionage activities against
rival groups. Removal missions move a subject from a specific
location without killing them. This may involve kidnapping or
issuing someone a friendly waming to leave. The most important
aspect ofaRemoval mission isthe target'ssurvival. Finally, ifOrpheus

vants a target destroyed, then they assign a Fumigation mission.
Missions may have more than one type.

Gathering missions, agents must call

Location Name gives operatives a physical location where the
mission should begin. Not all missions remain in a single locale.
Agentsshould follow theirassignmenttocompletion wherever itmay
lead. On rarely does Location Name identify an individual target.

The Background section gives agents the pertinent information
behind the operation. This includesa briefaccount of events leading

up to the mission as well as detailing the physical location and any
relevant history about the location. It may also contain warnings
regarding any hazards (like rotten floorboards or guard dogs).

The Mission Parameters are the In-Character rules of engag
ment forthe operation. It informsagents of the operation's objectives
andhowfartheycan goin completing theirmission. Thissection may
set a deadline for completion, and may include recommendations
and secondary objectives. Orpheus expects experienced field agents
to pursue matters according to the situation, even though operatives
must justify any operations involving activities beyond the set
mission parameters. Violating these parameters is a serious offense
and almost always results in disciplinary action, if only asa formality.
Orpheus does not fully disclose the mission parameters to clients,
though the client may request certain considerations (like "don't
frighten the tenants" or "don't let anyone see you").

Intel provides agents with information verified by Orpheus
operatives and researchers. Intel is generally of a secret nature and

agency. This includes information like a ghos ation and
potential powers, or secret resources, like double agents. Orpheus
does not share Intel with clients.

Orpheiae eniernes receive Thneat Tags whichiaredesenibad in
Chapter Five (see p. 265).

‘Additional Information provides potentially relevant data with no
proven direct linkto theassignmentorinformation that simply didn't
fit elsewhere. This section may contain Intel from similar operations
or events involving related opposition. Orpheus includes additional
parametersand directivesas well in thissection. Many agents find that
this section gives them the necessary ammunition to justify
actions during post-mission inquiries.

xtreme

Storytellersmay modify any ofthe information herein tofittheir
chronicle, whether by changingnamesand places tofitaspecific city,
orbyaltering the nature of the threat to keep players guessing. Players
may want tocompletea final reporton each mission using the format
listed above, keeping them for posterity's sake and accruing addi-
tional experience points (Storyteller's prerogative). A series of
mission reports would help players and Storyteller remember details
and provide good story opportunities for the future when characters
must revisit old files for a new situation. Players should strongly
consider not reading these missions without Storytellerapproval. It's
much more fun to experience missions rather than read them.

mssionzO0766

msSssionTYre:
INTELLIGENCE GATHERING

Ascertain fate of missing Orpheus agents.
Location Name: St. Genesius Cultural Center

BACHGROUND

St. Genesius Cultural Center was, at one point, a convent
school (1945-1976). It closed in 1976 after funding ran out and
enrollment dwindled, and the building stood empty for nearly a
decade. In 1985, Patricia Tanner and her husband, then-city
councilman Martin Tanner, purchased the building and began
renovations. Their plan was to tur it into a cultural haven for
the city — allowing for community theatrical events, indepen-
dent label concerts, etc. Renovation costs were in the tens of
millions, and though the Tanner family was wealthy, they could
not shoulder the financial burden alone. They held fund-raising
dinners and solicited donations from every big business in the
state, but even so, volunteers completed most of the work on the
building. With the various delays, it was four more years until the
Center was ready to hold its first event. In June 1989, St.
Genesius opened its doors to the public for a city-sponsored
production of Noel Coward's Blithe Spirit.

The Center was a success for several years, but in 1994,
Patricia Tanner died (natural causes) and Martin, never an
enthusiastic supporter of the arts himself, focused more on bring-
ing industry to the city. The Center came under fire several times
from groups hoping to change the name (a "St. Genesius" center
funded by the state in any capacity smacked of a church and state
connection), and in 1997, the Center held one last fund-raiser to
survive another season. The show — a Halloween night produc-


tion of MacBeth — drew the biggest crowd the Center had seen,
but the show stopped at intermission. Evidently, the actress
playing Lady MacBeth disappeared after stepping outside for a
. The Center closed the following weekend.

Over the ensuing years, St. Genesius was battered by a
me run down and

cigarett

barrage of rumors. The neighborhood be
crime-ridden, and most of the local residents believe the
place haunted. Books and "reality" TV shows featured the
center several times, and though there are many reports of
noises, flashing lights and other classic haunting activities,
investigators never found proof of these allegations. Six
weeks ago, an independent contractor purchased the land
and planned to raze the Center, but after two workers disap-
peared on site, the contractor approached Orpheus about
investigating St. Genesius.

Orpheus sent four agents to investigate (two sleepers —
ise Motts and George Hansen; one skimmer — Thomas
Ulrich; one photographer — Benjamin Savoy). They entered
the Center together, Savoy and Ulrich "solid," Motts and
Hansen as ghosts. Ten minutes later, back at Orpheus, both
Motts and Hansen's bodies suddenly shook and the equip-
ment keeping them in stasis began malfunctioning. Orpheus
began the revival process, but it was clear something was
wrong; Orpheus contacted Ulrich through his cellular, and
Ulrich left his body. He went in as a ghost to find Motts and
Hansen while Savoy waited. Again, ten minutes later, Ulrich's
body went into convulsions. Savoy reports that Ulrich's flesh
became ice-cold to the touch and his pulse dropped dramati-
cally. This lasted for approximately 30 seconds, after which
Ulrich died. No contact with Ulrich, Motts or Hansen has

been possible since, and although Savoy survived, he saw
something that terrified him beyond reason. He remains
rational, but refuses to go back to St. Genesius for any reason.
When questioned, he refers to a "woman in white" before
mumbling incoherently.

The obvious assumption is that this "woman in white" is
the spirit of the actress who played Lady MacBeth, since the
Center had no history of paranormal activity prior to that
The actress (Regina White, b. 1970, declared legally dead
2002) wasa local; her family still lives in the area, but has thus
far declined interview.

St. Genesius consists of one large building and a smaller
one that once housed a chapel. The first floor of the main
building holds classrooms and the theater itself (seating 1,000
people). The basement holds old set materials, dressing
rooms, a scene shop and storage (the basement is where most
of the classic haunting activity has occurred). The second
floor holds small bedrooms that once housed students, and
were used as offices during the Center's heyday as a theate!
The third floor consists of very small, narrow hallways leading
above the stage and onto catwalks (used to hang lights and
curtains), as well as a light and sound booth.

mMmsSsiOnFreRAMETERS

Obviously, the primary objective is determining Ulrich's,
Motts' and Hansen's fates. Determine if they still exist and
whether they can be salvaged (Ulrich's body is dead; we
couldn't save it, but we can still conceivably return Motts and
Hansen to their bodies). Also, determine the nature of the


"woman in white" and any other spiritual entities in the
Center. Assume any ghosts you see are hostile, and use
extreme caution when investigating the area. Under no cir-
cumstances should your crucible split up; remain together at
all times. This will slow down the investigation, but will also
ensure greater safety.

When you have ascertained the fate of our agents,
deliver them to the facility for debriefing and any aid we can
provide. At this time, no action against spiritual entities is
warranted or necessary; the client retained Orpheus Group to
investigate, not fumigate the premises. There is no need to
risk yourselves unnecessarily.

InTeL

Most of the information we have is provided above. Inves-
tigation into Regina White's missing persons report might prove
useful, as might conversation with her living family (though as
mentioned, they have thus far refused comment — they are
deeply religious and do not believe in ghosts). Savoy might still
have information, but has not provided any coherent answers
about the incident.

When investigating St. Genesius, be aware the building
is in need of serious repair. The electricity works, but inter-
mittently, and the flooring and walls are weak and crumbling.
The building is dangerous enough without adding ghosts; if
you plan on sending in a "solid" agent, use extreme caution.

Threat Tag: Enigma-class; Red
FAOOITIONAL INFORMATION

While we have no paranormal activity reported at the
Center prior to 1997, it bears noting that the building sat empty
for nine years and we have no information on what may have
transpired during that time (in fact, even records concerning the
building's proprietor in that period have proven impossible to
track down; the assumption is that the city owned the property
and simply didn't develop it). Martin Tanner is probably the
most knowledgeable person alive with regards to the Center; he
is currently retired and living in his family home (address in
attached packet). While Tanner is a businessman and not given
to belief in the supernatural, he has on occasion consented to
interviews about the Center and, so, might be of some help.

Saint Genesius is the patron saint of thieves, sinners and
actors. Why the convent's founding nuns chose him isunknown.

mssion#O7e7

mMmsSsion TYP Ee: INFORMATION
GATHERING /RETRIEVAL

Investigate the wreck sites of the Deep Harvest and United.
Location Name: Wreck site of the experimental vessel
Deep Harvest

BACHGROUND

The Tethys Corporation has led the way in deep-sea explo-
ration in the recent decade. They have a sterling international
reputation for developing technologies that allow man to probe
the ocean depths. Last year, the company announced the devel-
opment and testing of a new type of DSV, the Deep Harvest,

which wouldallowscientistsand explorers to venture deeperand
longer than ever before.

Unfortunately, the Tethys Corporation lost much of their
research grants and government funding, due to an administra-
tion decision to shift the emphasis on exploration to ROVs,
remote operated vehicles, which are smaller and safer than
submersibles. In addition, Tethys endured three recalls of under-
sea devices within the last year. Pressure to complete the Deep
Harvest project pushed the board of directors to test 16 months
ahead of schedule.

Michelle Anderson, 33, was the pilot of the three-man test
vessel. Her crew consists of Dr. Hamid Faraaj, 29, and Stephen
Winters, 25. All three were experienced deep-sea oceanogra-
phers. According to Tethys records, the Deep Harvest passed all
initial tests. Dr. Robert Weinstein, director of the project, made
several statements to the effect that while he felt the project was
being pushed to its limits, Tethys took no shortcuts with regard

The Deep Harvest received its first opensea test in relatively
allow waters near the wreck site of an early 20th-century
steamer, the United. The United sank for unknown reasons in
1907, claiming three lives in the wreck: Captain Isaac Williams,
a passenger named Constance Lee, and an unidentified stow-
The wreck is of little historical interest since several
examples of that particular class still survive. According to all
reports, the crew emptied the ship's safe before consigning her to
the deep. As a result, treasure hunters have ignored the wreck.

During Deep Harvest's descent to the wreck site, Captain
Anderson reported all systems functioning at peak capacity.
Once the vessel reached the wreck site, exploration proceeded
apace. The log records from the Tethys Corporation show the
Deep Harvest performing perfectly. At 31:22 hours into the
mission, Dr. Faraaj reported unusual visual contacts emanating
from the wreck of the United. Deep Harvest'. n, digital
scanning and narrow beam sonar readouts showed no contacts.
At32:17 hours, the in-sub microphones picked up voice saying
"set me free." The identity of the speaker is unknown. A safety
tether attached to the vessel failed for reasons not fully under-
stood by Tethys, but is currently being ascribed to mechanical
failure. A second tether to the tow ship also disengaged from the
vehicle at the same time, under similar circumstances. The crew
of the Deep Harvest had no means of releasing the tethers.
Surface ships monitoring the Deep Harvest noted a change in
heading, followed by an apparent attempt to surface. A towed
sonar array registered a detonation within the Deep Harvest, and
the vessel came to rest on the sea floor. Rescuers launched an
automated rescue vessel, the Manatee (designed to grab Deep
Harvest so the support ships could tow it to the surface). The
surface ships lost contact with the Manatee as it approached the
wreck. Using the tow tethers on the Manatee, the surface team
retrieved the vehicle. The Manatee's computer systems showed
considerable physical damage, although Tethys was unable to
identify a possible source.

s side.

Rescuers made several attempts to approach the wreck site.
Four divers, including an ex-Navy SEAL, were unable to com-
plete the dive. They reported seeing lights and suffering from
effects similar to nitrogen narcosis. Citing safety concerns due to
rapidly deteriorating weather conditions, Dr. Weinstein and the
Tethys Corporation called off the rescue operation.


Tethys Corporation made three further attempts to retrieve
the test vehicle, including one launched in conjunction with the
U.S. Coast Guard and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Insti-
tute. All attempts resulted in failure. All divers and vehicle crew
who approached the wreck site suffered visual and auditory
hallucinations and reported instrument failure.

For the Tethys Corporation, retrieval of the Deep Harvest
is of paramount importance. Rival groups offered to salvage the
experimental vessel while the families of the Deep Harvest crew
filed negligence lawsuits against the Tethys Corporation. The
Deep Harvest incident is an unmitigated disaster.

The Tethys Corporation offered their staff and the research
vessel, North Star, to deliver a team to the wreck site. Although
it is not public knowledge, they believe that a supernatural
presence brought about the failure of the Deep Harvest mission.
They request the removal of any hostile supernatural entities,
and/or the retrieval of the crew's bodies, a cabin log device (a

black box similar to those in aircraft) anda removable portion of

the engine marked "EN- 14", roughly the size of a dresser drawer.

The Deep Harvest is a small, three-man submarine about
thirty feet long, with a main cabin, two small sleep bays and an
engine room. Entry is possible through a hatch on the top side.
According to Tethys, the Deep Harvest currently rests on its port
side, with a large hole on the starboard side of the engine room
facing the surface.

The United was a 560 foot steamer, roughly 63 feet wide
with steam triple expansion engines and twin screws. It has two
large stacks each approximately a third of the way from the stern
or the aft. The vessel could carry 1740 passengers, 540 first class,
200 second class and 1000 third class. It was operated by
American Line when it went down. Similar vessels include the
Paris, Philadelphia, Harrisburg and Yale. The sinking of the
United was a disappointment to American Line, but with little
loss of life, few records remain specifically on the vessel.

MSSiIOnFRRAMETERS

The team should expect hostile contact with unknown
entities, though we're currently unsure if the ghosts are the three
people who died aboard the United. By our current estimations,
there are no ghosts older than three years. If the United's victims
still persist, they represent the oldest ghosts currently docu-
mented. The primary mission objective, however, is to remove
the ghosts or negotiate with them to allow Tethys to retrieve the
Deep Harvest. Due to the dangers posed by the underwater
environment, all agents should project from a surface vessel or
another safe location. Agents should venture underwater physi-
cally only if they have appropriate training or feel it absolutely
necessary to protect fellow Orpheus agents. When working with
Tethys members, all agents may share information on a need to
know basis only. In matters relating to ocean safety, Orpheus
agentsshould defer to the expertise of Tethys personnel. Orpheus
security personnel will travel with the team to serve as guards for

the projectors' bodies. As a secondary objective, agents should
return with as much intel as possible about the site for potential
future operations.

InTeEL

Captain Isaac Williams was romantically involved with
Constance Lee. The two were to be married May of 1908. Based

on historical documents, Captain Williams may have gone
down with his ship, and Constance Lee may have stayed with
him out of love or loyalty. He could also have forced her to
remain on board.

Captain Williams had a reputation for smuggling illegal
immigrants into the United States. He was arrested five years
before the wreck for involvement in a smuggling operation. Itis
likely, based on the level of supernatural activity, thathe had not
one, but several stowaways in the hold — probably illegal
immigrants from Europe.

Background checks on Deep Harvest's crew show nothing
unusual in regards to Michelle Anderson or Stephen Winters.
Dr. Hamid Faraaj had an interest in the occult, but we believe
this was limited to the occasional Ouija session, Tarot reading or
research book forhis library. Nothing indicates the Deep Harvest's
crew purposely triggered the incident.

Threat Tag: Enigma-class Green

RODITIONSL INFORMATION

Tethys Corporation stands on the brink of financial ruin. As a
result, they may take extra risks to ensure the success of the retrieval
operation. The box labeled "EN-14" contains nuclear material.
Handle with extreme caution, but please note that the hazard comes
from radiation leakage. There is no danger of an explosion.

Research shows that several ships traveling in the vicinity
of the United wreck experienced mysterious instrumentation
lures over the years. All of these accounts were discounted as
a-faring anomalies.

mssion#0768

mSsioOn TYPE:
INTELLIGENCE
GATHERING /FUMGARTION

Intelligence Gathering on possible ghost presence, fumi-
gation if necessary.
Location Name: Southville Town Gazette

BACHGROUND

The location is the print works for the Southville Town
Gazette, situated directly beneath the Gazette's offices, in a
converted 19th-century building just outside the city. The
Gazette distributes copies daily to subscribers throughout town.
They also send the weekend edition to expatriated subscribers,
mostly people who left for college or the army. Since Southville
is a reasonably small community, the daily edition is 3,000
copies, and the weekend 3,500 copies. Editor is Mr. Jonathan
Lewing (56), and the Gazette is largely self-financing, with some
support from the local town council and churches.

Three days ago, Ms. Sue Reynolds (Michigan State Univer-
sity, 19) receivedacopy of the weekend supplement, and noticed
that an insert (for services at the local Episcopalian church, St.
Matthew's) was printed in reddish-brown ink. Chemical analysis
revealed this to be blood. Forensics showed the insert could only
have been added at source (Ms. Reynoldshas been reassured that
it was the work of a student prankster).


The Gazette claims there was no such insert. Examination
of past Gazette issues, however, revealed that that particular
insert wasstandard practice. Also, within the last week, the print
job was apparently reset partway through on two separate occa-
sions, on direct orders from the editor (no direct information as
to why.) A higher than usual number of misprints has also
occurred, according to Ms. Martha Davenport (89), who was
most useful in providing local gossip. She also believes this is due
to alien infestation, but seems reliable enough otherwise.

Further investigation reveals at least three severe accidents
within the last couple of months (Mrs. Marjorie Ennis, crushing
injury to hand while cleaning printer; Mr. David Stanwell,
broken legin fall from stepladder; Mr. John Clement, head injury
and concussion after shelf came loose) and the deaths of two staff
members (Mr. Lewis Panning, a month ago, and Ms. Virginie
Coulter, two weeks ago, both at home, separately; both of heart
attacks). There are also other cases of minor injury or accidents.
While all these incidents are ordinary in appearance, the cluster-
ing is statistically abnormal.

Apparently an atmosphere of low-grade feariscurrentat the
Gazette offices. While the editor publicly disclaims "supersti-
tious nonsense" (and thus ensured everyone knows something
strange is happening), most of the staff believe something
abnormal is occurring. Popular opinion is 50% in favor of
haunting, 30% in favor of FBI involvement to suppress a regular
column about Communist infiltration of the movie industry and
20% in favor of rational thinking, ie., that it's merely a run of
accidents. Ms. Josette Bailey (49), secretary to the editor, is the
leader of the last faction and may provide a useful contact.

Witnesses have seen Mr. Jon Faith (38), the Gazette's
current lead reporter, talking with Father Ronald Wells (of the
local Catholic church, St. Agnes), but we have no further
information on their discussion. It is possible Mr. Faith wants the
priest to exorcise the place, since Faith is a proponent of the "it's
haunted" theory.

MsSsionFPeRAMETERS

We believe one or more ghosts demonstrating poltergeist-
type powers to be present. Observe and monitor, with particular

interest in what tethers may be anchoring the ghost(s) there, and
what the ghosts' objectives appear to be. Avoid attracting further
paranormal investigators, however; the Gazette may have con-
tacts with larger news organs, and we don't want this becoming
a media circus.

If the ghost(s) present are of a new and unknown type, try
obtaining firsthand data on their abilities and powers. Note that
the ghost(s) appears antagonistic to people working at the
CG

investigators. Due caution is advised. Agents should be careful

zette, to judge by the accidents, and may be hostile toOrpheus

not to annoy the ghost(s) if regular Gazette workers are present,
in case it turns on them.
If Mr. Faith does persuade Father Wells to try an exorcism,

attempt to observe the ritual and its outcome, on both phy
and nonphysical levels, and determine whether any results are
due to the ritual or to Father Wells' personality.

If necessary, fumigate the place of ghosts thoroughly.

seal 5 Alte

Our client is Mr. Reynolds, father of Sue Reynolds (q.v.),
with substantial holdings in the motor industry. He wishes his
involvement to be kept secret since it could create financial
problems with some of his Bible Belt industry contacts. Mr.
Reynolds procured permission from the building's lease-holders
to investigate the site, but requests you exercise caution with
whom you approach.

INTEL

Poltergeist-type powers ar
our records; assume that if the accidents are due to a ghost (or

among the best-documented in

even projector) of this type, then there is high physical risk,
especially given the dangerous machinery at the Gazette. If the
Gazette intends to bring outa particularly importantsupplement
, these would both attract

orgainsa lucrative advertising contrac!

the attention of a ghost hoping to damage the paper.

It is possible the whole business is a large-scale hoax,

intended to build popular support for the Gazette, or is being
carried out by someone with a grudge against the editor. In this
case, acquire full information on the situation, but do not
necessarily release it to the local police or authorities.

Threat Tag: Enigma-class Red

FRODITIONSL INFORMATION

The recent deaths of Mr. Lewis Panning and Ms. Virginie
Coulter are suspicious. Mr. Panning had just resigned from his
post, though only 54 and not yet at retirement age (we lack full
information why). He is survived by his wife, Mrs. Louise Panning

(43) who refuses to discuss her late husband, and whom we suspect
was frequently abused by him. She has avoided social contact
since and is rarely seen by neighbors. Ms. Coulter was 44 and a
cleaning woman at the Gazette. She had a genuine heart condi-
tion (Marfan's Syndrome) and her death is not overtly suspicious.
Father Wells has no known experience in performing
exorcisms, and has been serving his parish for the last 15 years.
y

not have on the situation, if indeed a haunting is taking place.

mssionz076ss

MSSION TYPE: RETRIEVAL

ANOFUMGATION.

Target Name: Mathew Lehto and unknown ghost
accomplices.

We have no way of being certain what effects faith may or ma

Mathew Lehto is a rogue Orpheus agent. Agents should
bring him to Orpheus; he is armed and dangerous. Lehto may
have

ccomplices, one or more Mirage-class Red or Shadow-

s fumigation targets.

BACHGROUNO

Orpheus Group recruited Mathew Lehto three years ago, at
the age of 27. Prior to recruitment he attended a prestigious vy
League university on a need-based scholarship. He worked his

way through graduate school with several highly competitive


internships, and left with an MBA in finance. After graduation,
Lehto worked as a financial advisor with Morgana Financial, a
high-profile investment bank; his first NDE was at the hands of
a bank client, who, hit hard by a stock market correction,
responded with a shooting spree in the investment office. The
incident left Lehto and three staff members critically wounded
and two others dead. The falling stock market also cost Lehto his
job; his second NDE was self-initiated. The requisite battery of
psychological tests for potentially suicidal recruits suggested
Lehto's attempted suicide was the result of a situational and

temporary depression, and he was cleared for field duties at the

completion of his training.
Lehto's tenure with Orpheus Group wasunremarkable until
six monthsago. He progressed through pay gradesand clearances

at the expected rate, and achieved bonuses for meeting organi-

zational goalsin several quarters. S

monthsagoLehto'scrucible
hada violent encounter with an Enigma-class entity, resultingin
the deaths of two agents in the line of duty (see attached files:
Raker, Neva;and Ranum, Allan). Orpheus reassigned Lehtoand
the other two survivors.

In the past four months, Lehto filed referrals for three
possible Retrieval missions, accruing the standard referral fee.
When questioned about these referrals during the biannual
departmental audit, Lehto became evasive; he did not return to
work the next day, and has not been seen since by Orpheus
personnel. The initial investigation by agents Zeledon and
Masterson indicate Lehto was familiar with the families of the
three deceased individuals through his college organizations,
that he made outside inquiries into the families' financial health
prior to the deaths of the deceased, and that Lehto initiated the
contact following the deaths of each individual. Medical ac-
quired the coroner's records in each case and determined that

ghostly force cannot be ruled out as cause of death.
Important Note: It is very possible that Lehto was not

involved in any foul play. He may have predicted these events,

kept his foreknowledge to himself and acted in the aftermath for
his own benefit. This isa violation of Orpheus ethical protocols
(though a less serious offense than homicide or murder-for-hire).
Hisflightafter the departmental audit suggestsat least peripheral
involvement. Staff psychologists theorize that the Enigma-class
encounter brought Lehto's mental instability back to the fore
(both events [the first NDE at Morgana Financial and his
Enigma-class mission] occurred on the job, both were extremely
violent, both took the lives of co-workers); this time his aggres-
sion may be directed outward. They caution that Lehto may
become self-destructive when comered

Because Lehto has an alibi within Orpheus when two of the
three victims died (confirmed by both Orpheus staff and security
cameras), he must have accomplices if he is directly involved. The
Echo- and Mirage-class ghosts in Lehto's official case-load were
investigatedand cleared, orareconfirmed destroyed by otherOrpheus
personnel. Lehto has the resources and training to rescue and
influence any number of ghosts, however; agents are advised to
proceed with caution.

mMmSSIONFRRAMETERS

Stage One: Locate Mathew Lehto. Observe target for a
period of 24 hours after establishing his location. Record all
contacts, human and ghost, for further investigation. Agents

should follow and immediately neutralize any Shadow-class
contacts once the target move

on, following standard protocols
for calling in backup. If opposition proves hostile against agents
or bystanders, move immediately to Stage Two.

Stage Two: Bring Mathew Lehto to Orpheus HQ. Any
non-living accomplices who interfere with the removal are to be
fumigated immediately. You are to capture and detain any living
accomplices.

Stage Three: Investigate all contacts in the 24-hour win-
dow for possible involvement. It is vital you adhere to proper
protocol when investigating human contacts; Orpheus will turn
over all relevant information to the appropriate local or federal
law enforcement agencies after review by Legal. Any Echo- or

Mirage-class Red contacts are to be fumigated. Capture and
bring Echo- and Mirage-class Green contacts to HQ for further
interrogation if the agents suspect their involvement.

InTeEL

Mathew Lehto is a skimmer. This makes him a highly
mobile and energetic projector. Agents should expect him to be
in good health and operating at full peak unless the'
energy transfer or Horror manife:
Banshee, and received Orpheus training in the following Hor-
rors: Forebode, Wail. The members of his previous crucible
witnessed his use of the Unearthly Repose Horror; he may have
developed additional abilities on personal time.

witness an

ation. Lehto is classified as a

Mathew Lehto was last seen by local law enforcement dis-
patched to investigate a missing persons report filed by concerned
friends. Lehto spoke with the officers, and the missing persons
bulletin is no longer in effect (see attached file: full police report).

The abilities of any potential ghost accomplices are un-
known. Agentsshould consideraccomplices hostile, but they are
not fumigation targets until they become aggressive, or are
observed to be Shadow-class.

se AOR nine


Threat Tag: Mirage-class Green (Projector); Mirage-
class Red (Ghosts); Shadow-class Red (Spectres)

RODITIONAL INFORMATION

Mathew Lehto has one surviving parent, his mother (Allison,
67), and two siblings (Deborah, 23, and Alexander, 32). He has not
contacted any family member forapproximately five years. He made
generous donations to his alma mater and attended many alumni
functions; he may return to the university or the surrounding area in
times of stress,

This matter must be kept internal. In a worst-case scenario,
where Lehto is responsible for the deaths of three individuals, the
current legal system is completely incapable of prosecuting him
effectively. Any attempt to do so would be disastrous for the legal
system and highly inconvenient for Orpheus Group.

Thesearch and rescue contracts referred by Lehtoarestill open.
If it becomes impossible to track Lehto down, you may need to re-
investigate the three deaths, track down any accomplices and find
Lehtothrough them. Ifthisapproach becomesnecessary, itis vital the
families not be notified that this is anything other than SOP for a
search and rescue (seeattached files: Missions #0539, #0578, #0634),

mssion#o770

msSsiogn TYPE:

INTELLIGENCE
GATHERING /POSSISLE
RETRIEVAL ORFUMGATION

goth" club.

Investigate ghost sightings at a local
Location Name: Chains Nightclub

BACHE ROUND

Chains has undergone several name and style changes since
opening in 1987. Most recently (late last year), it changed from
"Quickies" to "Chains" and adopted a "goth" feel. The club has
a reputation for being an easy place to purchase drugs, including
marijuana, ecstasy and pigment. The club is open six nights a
week (closed Mondays) and sees its largest crowds on Thursdays
(college ID night) and Saturdays.

Within the last six months, the club has become famous as
the occasional hangout of shock-rock star Jayne Jonestown (late
20s). He arrives on nights when the club is particularly crowded
(rumor has ithe sends "spotters" to check the club for undercover
police and reporters before arriving, since he is a habitual drug

user according to unconfirmed reports) and shows up shortly after
midnight. He first frequented the club six months ago. Sinc
hese

then, many regulars reported seeing "ghosts" in the club.
descriptions range from smoky, indistinct images of people danc-
ingtothree incidents involvingactual physical contact (the most
dramatic of which involveda glass of vodka that floated off table
and emptied itself onto the floor). You probably already heard
about these occurrences; they received fairly extensive media

coverage of late (though most of it has been derisive and

dismissive). Jonestown, however, is evidently a believer and
wishes to uncover the truth. He hired Orpheus to determine the
nature of the "Chains' Ghost," with the club's full sanction:

mie AB Sy

Chains is a very small club and, by law, holds only 250 people.
Ona busy night, the wait to get in can exceed three hours. On nights
when Jonestown arrives, the wait is often more than six. The
doorman admits people on the basis of looks, so we recommend
dressing the part (see photos). You might also be able to bypass the
line by paying off the doorman (Orpheus will, of course, reimburse
expenses; see Accounting). Of course, should youenteras ghosts, you
need not worry about crowds or lines. Jonestown promised to be
present on any night we choose to work, but please remember, he is
acelebrity and is therefore "on camera" whenever in public. To wit,
recall that he affects a dark, "gothic" persona and makes frequent
references to Satanism and drinking blood. Don't be rattled by this
performance; Jonestown is simply a (debatably) talented performer,
nothing more. He is, however, able to extend aid in the form of
ensuring the police are not present (he cannot actually keep them
out, but does know when undercover personnel are present), and the
clubhasa"no-media" policy unless wamed in advance, so youshould
be able to work relatively unmolested. Remember, though, that
manyofChains' patronsreported beingable tosee ghostsandwehave
no idea how many of these sightings are genuine, how many are drug
induced and how many are simple lies. Likewise, while the manage-
ment doesn't let media in knowingly, the presence of a celebrity all
but guarantees the attention of papa Use caution, especially
when moving as spooks.

MSSIOnFPRRAMETERS

The club reports no hostile entities, but our client does express
interest in clearing any ghosts found at the club. He has not made his
reasons clear (and we, of course, did not ask; they are his business).
Assess any ghosts you find for threat and then, if possible, remove
them from the premises. Anyone going in solid should look the part
of aclub-goer; we donot wantany media exposure here because of the
significant drug traffic at Chains.

Also, this mission presents a good opportunity to test the effects
of mind-altering substances on a normal person's ability to perceive
ghosts. While in the club, attempt to subtly manifest to someone
under the influence ofadrug (ideally, one that youcan recognize) and
record their responses. Thisshould provide valuable information that
might help us in similar cases. Pigment, in particular, which has only
recently become widely popular, isan unknown quantity with regards
toghost perception, and itis in wide distribution atChains. If possible,
purchase a small amount of the drug so that we might analyze it and
test it later (but be extremely careful — legal fees are expensive).

InTeEL

The "Chains Ghost" seems to be more than one entity and
does not appear to be hostile or dangerous. As we've discovered
in the past, however, just because a ghost isn't dangerous to
humans doesn't mean it can't be. Jonestown, in particular, seems
to feel that the ghost (or ghosts) have some grudge against him,
but has heretofore been elusive about why. Any connection
between him and the club's past would be helpful, but the club
changed hands and names so often that tracing its history is
difficult. Jonestown claims to have "discovered" the club while
on his last tour and it has since become a once-a-month haunt
(pardon the pun) for him. He has an almost constant crowd of
groupies, but never travels with a bodyguard.

The club employs ten people, excluding the manager/owner,
Ahmed Osman. Of those, most are new employees (turnover is high,

ax

though we have not determined why, apart from the constant threat
of DEA raids). The employee with the longest tenure is the bartender,
Mark Chandler. Chandler has arrests for serving drinks to minors,
drug trafficking and possession, and statutory rape (evidently involv-
ing a seventeen-year-old girl who entered the club with her older
sister's ID), but has never been convicted. Chandler is a close
acquaintance of Jonestown, and is willing tohelp with any interviews
or investigations you wish to pursue. He knows most of the regular
clientele andisadeptatspotting undercover reportersand policemen.
Threat Tag: Enigma-class Green

FRODITIONAL INFORMATION

Normally, a ghost sighting carries with it some legendary
account of the ghost's identity. In researching this, however, we
found no such account making the rounds throughout local
tumor mills. Regardless, there is one strong possibility for iden-
tifying the Chains Ghost. A young woman named Nicole "Lily"
Warner collapsed at the club slightly over seven months ago.
The death was ruled a drug overdose (specifically heroin), but
one of her friends (Brian Vest, current whereabouts unknown)
insisted she was murdered. No murder investigation ever took
place; the investigating pathologist ruled her death accidental
and Chains shut down for a month, reopening on the night
Jonestown made his first appearance (though he claims to have
been there before, incognito).

Nicole Warner was 18 at the time of her death and attended
college in the city before dropping out four months before she
died. She went by "Lily" because of that flower's association with
funerals, and she typically wore a black veil when clubbing. Very
few of the club's current clientele remember her, but she is the
only person known to have died at the club.

mssion#non-
APPLICABLE
MSsion Tree: FUMIGARTION

Target Name: Ernesto Hernandez

BACHG ROUND

Emesto Hernandez (45), a pigment user and dealer, started
stalking Ms. Alana Blair (44) approximately three months ago. Ms.
Blair, a wealthy widow, claims to have met Mr. Hernandez in a
nightclub, Inhale. They spoke about business. Mr. Hernandez was
looking for investors for Inhale, probably to laundering drug money
from pigment sales at the nightclub.

Hernandez was immediately attracted to Ms. Blair. Over the
next several weeks, he proclaimed his love for her, sending her gifts
and messages. Ms. Blair refused his offers of affection, since her
husband died less than a year ago. Mr. Hernandez took the rejection
badly and became threatening and violent. Ms. Blair suffered re-
peated vandalism to her home and her vehicle. She received
numerous threats in the form of phone calls and letters. She claims
Mr. Hernandez and his buyers stalk her constantly. Authorities
investigated, but did no more than issue a restraining order against
Mr. Hernandez.

Emesto Hernandez is a 45-year old Hispanic male with a long
criminal record, including manslaughter, possession with intent to

ited. Zui a


distribute, and various conspiracy charges. He has graying dark hair
and a distinctive scar that he inflicted upon himself as a youth in
apparent admiration of Al Pacino's role in Scarface. He is a known
pigment addict and isbelieved to have several men in hisemploy;he
styleshimselfasthe city's druglordand maintainsa residence at 3200

Decatur Estates is a wealthy gated community. Each home is
built to orderona large, multi-acre secluded lot. Security systems and
walled yardsarecommonwithinthecommunity. Emesto Hemandez's
home lies on the end of a cul de sac with land bordering an
undeveloped wildlife preserve. A kill zone of 100 yards surrounds the
house with little cover except for a few pieces of topiary. A group of
fourattack dogs have full run of the grounds. The house has two lev
anda basement with a total of four full bathrooms and ten bedrooms.
A long driveway leads to a four-car garage. Mr. Hernandez has a
bedroomand study in the basement wherehespendsmost ofhistime.
The upper level isreserved for guests while the roomson the first floor
are for business associates. Five bodyguards live at the house, and a
single maid is responsible for the cleaning

MSSsiOnFRRAMETERS

Our mission is to ensure Ernesto Hernandez no longer
bothers Ms. Alana Blair. Our client, Ms. Blair, fears for her life.
She has produced credible evidence that if action is not taken,
Mr. Hernandez will kill her. Agents should take any actions
necessary to complete this mission, including otherwise

unsanctioned extreme measures. No supernatural opposition is
expected, although given the nature of Mr. Hernandez's busi-
ness, any local pigmentusers may prove troublesome for projecting
or ghostly agents.

Asa secondary objective, agents should uncover any infor-
mation about the pigment trade. We have reason to believe Ms.
Blair may be a pigment user, as well as Mr. Hernandez, and that
she may have originally purchased pigment fromhim. Agentsare
not to investigate Ms. Blair, however. She is our client. Any
matters involving her will be handled on a separate brief

Previous missions suggest pigment may affect a human's
ability to perceive spiritual beings. Agents should take the
opportunity to record any interaction between Hernandez and
his men with any ghosts. If they can perceive ghosts, however,
agents should take action to protect their identities

INTEL

Mr. Hernandez may be responsible for a number of violent
crimes, includingmurder. Authorities questioned him inconnection
with the disappearances of several women over the last five years, but
th led charges against him. His men are heavily armed
and will shoot to kill. Hernandez maintains an arsenal of weapons in

never levi

his home and had a panic room installed in his basement two years
ago. Agents should expect to encounter numerous security cameras
on the mansion's interior and exterior.

Threat Tag: Foe
mssion#077 1

MmSSIONTYPE:
INTELLIGENCE
GATHERING /RETRIEVAL

Intelligence gathering on items with possible links to ghosts,

and collection of said items.
Location Name: Past Times Antiques

BACHGROUNO

Past Times Antiques has operated for the last 65 years as a
normal second-hand shop, reselling cheap antiques. Recently,

five potentially supernatural incidents (see below) were traced to
or took place near items purchased from this shop. The owner,
Ms. Julia Gregson (32), has no overt agenda in selling such items,
but has lately tried tracing some previous customers; her behav-
ior may warrant investigation. Items sold and resulting incidents
are as follows.

* One brass statue of Shiva, previous property of Colonel
Patrick Asquith, English (deceased); owner (Matthew Darby,
54, shop owner, NRA member) was cleaning gun when "it went
off" and shot him in the leg. Still hospitalized.

* One opal ring, previous owner untraced; sold to Ms. Jane
Barlow (34, bookseller) who quarreled with her philandering
boyfriend, and then stabbed him. Currently in prison on a
murder conviction.

* One oak rocking chair, 18th century, previous owner
unknown. Current owner (Mr. Peter Farrell, 65, retired) states it
deliberately broke the leg of one of his cats, and that it rocks at
the night when he's in bed.

* One set of silver cutlery, previous owner Mrs. Joanne
Martel (deceased). Current owners (Mr. Kelsey and Mrs. Dolores
Parren, both 45) state that the cutlery sweats blood when left
alone for more than two days, and needs constant polishing

* One silver and amber cigarette lighter, previous owner
Mr. Brendan Ledbury (1920s); current owner (Mr. David
Peterson, 27, banker) says he is increasingly driven to smoke,
that he can't lose the lighter despite several attempts to leave it

a=
behind or throw it away, and that there have been three minor

fires in his office building within the last fortnight.

So far we have not traced any other items from the shop that
have had such dramatic events associated with them. Mr. Dennis
Smith (45), ownerof the craftshop next door, complained toMs.
Gregson and to the police about strange noises coming from the
back room of her shop late at night. No other neighbors con-
firmed this story, and the police have not yet investigated.

Our client is Mr. Farrell (q.v. above); he believes he
paying our full rates, though we're actually only charging him
half rate since he couldn't afford it otherwise. The items them-
selves interest us and we need Mr. Farrell as our excuse to
investigate.

MSSIONFRRAMETERS

Investigate the shop, owner and items being sold, but be

careful since we don't have the authority to investigate the
location. Ascertain whether any of the above have genuine
supernatural significance. If items are somehow supernaturally
"tainted," try locating one that's been sold, and either remove
them from their current owners or report their location for later
examination. Determine if Ms. Gregson is involved in the
distribution of such items and gather enough evidence to in-
criminate her for something else if she is deliberately involved.
k with Jefferson in Finance about getting her on tax evasion.

INTEL

Ms. Gregson took over ownership of the shop last year after
the death of her uncle, the previous owner, who died with no
other relatives. She is an aspiring author who previously sup-
ported herself by working as a substitute teacher in secondary
schools. No criminal record, and no known supernatural affili
tions; Catholic, but does not attend church regularly. Her uncle,
Jonathan Gregson, was interested in the occult but died of
natural causes (brain embolism); he was affiliated with a local
spiritualist circle.

Threat Tag: Enigma-class Green

RODITIONSL INFORMATION

It is possible Jonathan Gregson is haunting the place and
sively guarding "his" antiques; we've seen hoarding behav-
iorlike thisreported before in otherghosts. In this case, threatening
to destroy items present will probably enrage him and draw him
out, should this be necessary.

mssion#o77e
MSSIONTYPE: ESPIONAGE

Make contact with an Orpheus mole in Terrel & Squib.
Target Name: Kelly Michaels

BARCHGROUNO

Kelly Michaels (26) was an employee of Terrel & Squib who
encountered an Orpheus team four months agoas they attempted to
act ghost's memories for a client (see mission file #0643). Ms.
Michaels wasalready disgusted with T&S'scavalier attitudes towards
ghosts, and made contact with our agents shortly thereafter. She
offered her services to us, originally as an employee (meaning she

obs

would leave | &S), but she is more valuable asa mole. Ms. Michaels
has been slowly feeding us information ever since. Another infor-
mant within T&S, however, tells us that Ms. Michaels is under
investigation and her cover is likely in jeopardy. That in mind, we
must contact Ms. Michaels, ascertain ifshe knowshow her cover was
blown and if it can be salvaged.

Ms. Michaels is a skimmer. Before joining Terrel & Squib, she
worked fora company called Professional Building Services, clearing
away hazardous materials and cleaning up after construction crews.
Several years ago, she suffered what should have been a fatal case of
chemical fume inhalationafterworkinginan enclosed area with toxic
cleaning agents, but survived after prolonged hospital treatment (she
points to this incident as her "trigger" to see ghosts, though T&S
actually trained her to project). She isknowledgeable about industrial
practices, particularly with regards to chemicals and acids, and can
operate heavy machinery like forklifts. She transmits information to
usoncea week via the Internet. Usually, the information is pertinent
toT&S policy, practice and operations (and has on several occasions
allowed us to scoop work out ftom under Terrel & Squib). She
aggressively pursues advancement, in order that she might obtain
pure samples of the drugs T&S uses to facilitate projecting.

Last night, something interrupted Ms. Michaels' communica-
tionjustasshe finalized plansfortomorrow'smeeting. The interruption
in communication is untraceable, and we have no reason to assume
it was anything other than a hiccup in transmission (other than the
general suspicion associated with this line of work). Obviously, this
development puts a certain degree of risk into the mission. Stay in
contactatall times, and use extreme caution, especially when moving
as spooks. Terrel & Squib has evinced special tactics and equipment
against ghosts and projected entities in the past (see Intel).

MSsionFPReRAMETERS

Youare to make contact with Ms. Michaelsat the North Bend
Drive-in Theater. The theater has been closed forsome time, and is
far enough outside any dense population center that you shouldn't
runanyrealriskofbeingfollowed. Yourmeetingisfortomorrownight


15> 5 eae

at 11:00 PM. The last transmission between Ms. Michaels and
Orpheus was interrupted, however, so we do not know ifshe intends
to project or go solid, so you should prepare for both eventualities.
Likewise, because of the recent communications difficulty, be pre
pared for trouble;ensure nobody shadows youto the rendezvous point
and have ready and fast transportation waiting. If you even suspect
Ms. Michaels cover is broken, take her and return to Orpheus
immediately (calling for backup if necessary).

INTEL

Terrel and Squib's usual MO js to send in agents in black
hummers, armed with stun guns, small handguns and spook-lethal
ammo. Likewise, Ms. Michaels' intel indicates they candetectspooks
through Kirlian goggles, and may be even able to incarcerate ghosts
and projected entities.

If T&S plans to ambush you at the meeting, however, they will
no doubt arrive ahead of time. Preliminary intelligence at the site
reports no unusual activity, though T&S is not know for initiating
well thought-out plans (they tend to show up and improvise). This
makes the mission doubly dangerous, since we have no idea of how
much "safe time" youhave upon contacting Ms. Michaels. Ifyou feel
itnecessary to take Ms. Michaels toasafer location once the meeting
begins, do so.

Threat Tag: Collaborator Blue (Ms. Michaels), Contender
Green (T&S Agents)

Approach Ms. Michaelsasan Orpheusagent, but there'salways
the possibility her loyalties have retumed to TSS. If this proves the
case, capture her. The 1996 Economic Espionage Act is quite clear
in matters involving corporate intelligence, and Orpheus cannot
afford any potential backlash in this matter. If this proves impossible,
inform Orpheus of the situation immediately, and evacuate the area
(if she has turned, it is likely the meeting is an ambush).

mssion#Oo773
mMmsSsioOn TYPE: FUMIGATION

Locate and eliminate target.

Target Name: Ms. Serena Prezioso

BACHGROUND

Ms. Prezioso was the victim of botched plastic surgery.On April
19th of last year, she arrived at the office of Dr. Allan Stumpf for an
elective liposuction procedure. Dr. Stumpf possessed only minimal
training in the procedure and was not board-certified. There is also
significant evidence that Dr. Stumpf was mildly impaired by alcohol
on the aftemoon of the surgery. During the procedure, Dr. Stumpf
removed approximately fifteen pounds of fat from Ms. Prezioso's
thighs, stomachand buttocks, in the processrupturingmultiple blood
vessels. Ms. Prezioso bled to death on the operating table while Dr.
Stumpf argued with his staff over calling for an ambulance.

Dr. Stumpf's medical license was suspended on April 24th and
revokedon June 13th. He was found dead in hishome on June 18th.
Authoritiesruledhisdeathasuicide by self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Ac this time, his death is not included within the scope of this case.

Between May Istand now, administratorsat Memorial Hospital,
a facility specializing in care for the mentally ill, recorded eleven
admissions of young women for self-mutilation (local emergency
rooms, where the injuries were initially treated, referred all eleven

yay

cases). All eleven women were young, physically fit and generally
attractive. All cut themselves on the thighs and stomach with sharp
implements. Mostof these patients had no recollection of the incident
orits immediate aftermath, but three recounted to Memorial staff that
they feltcompelled bysome outside force to inflictthe woundson their
bodies. Memorial Hospital contacted Orpheus for assistance.

Agents Kinghom and Bohman conducted the initial intelli-
gencegathering. Theyestablished the depth, angleand pattem ofthe
slashes, which indicated they were both "self-inflicted" yet all
inflicted by the same entity (within wide tolerances made necessary
by the variety of sharp implements used in the assaults). They also
discovered three additional attacks that resulted in the deaths of the
victims, and accordingly were not classified as mental illness (though
the Coroner's office did discem the wounds were self-inflicted). The
agents investigated several violently disfiguring and untimely deaths
within the appropriate time frame, including that of Ms. Prezioso.
They also confirm Ms. Prezioso's continued existence by an initiz
visual sighting. Agents Kinghorn and Bohman followed standard
investigative procedure and withdrew when spotted since no lives
were in immediate jeopardy.

MSSIONnFRRAMETERS

Fumigate Ms. Serena Prezioso's ghost. Time is vital; Ms.
Prezioso represents a serious and continuing threat to the living.

InTeL

We believe Ms. Prezioso is a Skinrider. This is not confirmed;
agents Kinghom and Bohman did not observe her manifestation or
the use of any Horrors. Agents located Ms. Prezioso in the operating
room where she died. She also left signs of her presence in the condo
where she lived, and in the gymnasium located within the same
apartment complex. Ms. Prezioso's victims were within a ten-mile
radius of her place of death (an area which includes her prior
residence) when they hurt or killed themselves, were between the
ages of 16 and 28, and were attractive and physically fit

Threat Tag: Echo or Mirage-class Red, or Shadow-class Red

Ms. Preziosoisa high-threat target. Her violentacts have, tothis
point, specifically targeted victims who remind her of herself, butshe
will undoubtedly retaliate when she senses a threat. Any female
agents assigned to this mission should be especially vigilant.

mssionzOo774

MSSION TYPE: RETRIEVAL/
FUMGARTION

Investigate Magnox Computers, determine nature ofhaunt-
ing, capture or destroy ghosts present.

Location Name: Magnox Computers
BACHGROUNOD

Three weeksago, Sean Davies (32), asecurity guard for Magnox
Computers, shot two men, and then himself, during his night shift;
FBlagent Kevin Nankets (44), and freelance computer programmer
Hubert Keith (27). This took place at Magnox Computers, in the
office that Mr. Keith used. Since then, staff members report random
poltergeist activity occurring throughout that floor of the building
and strange screams late at night; police officerssent in to investigate
were all killed.


The officers consisted of four trained policemen, all of whom died
within the space of ten minutes. One suffered a cardiac arrest, despite
nomedicalevidenceofheartdisease.One threwhimself, orwasthrown,
through a window on that floor (the seventh) and broke his neck. The
third was beaten around the head and body with a computer terminal,
and died from ruptured internal organs. The fourth was electrocuted
though no where near any electric outlets or appliances.

The motivation for Davies' double murder/suicide is not yet
clear. Information suggests Hubert Keith and Sean Davies were
having an affair, and that Sean Davies grew insanely jealous of Kevin
Nankets' interest in his lover (whether or not this was justified).
Hubert Keith is described as manic, driven, and unstable; a genius
programmer, butwith incidentsofhacking in hispast. Kevin Nankets
had an otherwise good record with the FBI, and is survived by a son
(James, 6), though his wife died last year during a random mugging.
Sean Davies has an otherwise perfect record; though ina relationship
with Hubert Keith, he didn't let it interfere with his work, and seems
to have been a stabilizing influence on the young man.

Magnox Computers isa major freelance computer outfit, which
is contracted for work by other firms. They have a dozen or so expert
programmers on staff, and the whole place has extremely high
security, with at least three guards on duty every night. Their stock
fell with the murder/suicide, so they're trying to keep alow profileand
hush matters up at the moment. They're our client in this case, so
comply with their wishes and do your best to keep things quiet and
under control.

nSsionFPRRAMETERS

If (as seems likely) we have an infestation, then either
capture the ghosts and bring them in, or eliminate them. The
previous events may workto your advantages you should be able
to get away with some collateral damage, since the ghosts here
already have a reputation. The offices are closed on Sunday (the
manager, Mrs. Jefferson, is solid Episcopalian), so that might be
your best bet.

INTEL

As indicated, the danger rating here looks high. We prob-
ably have one Banshee, one Poltergeist and one Haunter. We
don't know whether they're cooperating or fighting; if the latter,
it might be possible to turn them against each other. The
building's still in use, but rumors of ghosts are spreading and
curtailing employee overtime.

‘Threat Tag: Enigma-class Green

mssion#non-
FPPPLICR BLE
MSSION TYPE: FUMIGATION

Silence «
Target Name: Emilio San Miguel

BACHGROUND

Emilio San Miguel (age 30) is a reporter for a local TV-
news station. He is an investigative reporter, and he rarely
travels with a camera crew until he's ready to "break a story."
In the past, he has helped the community, as when he
unveiled a prostitution ring operating within a block of an

reporter.

i

area high school and aided the police in capturing serial killer
Norman Randall. Unfortunately, he also commits his share of
costly mistakes — you may recall he whipped the city's
Hispanic community into a frenzy over the arrest and subse-
quent conviction of Jestis Ortillo last year, resulting in a riot
that severely injured four civilians and three policemen (this
despite the fact that Ortillo was clearly guilty).

Mr. San Miguel is vocal in his disdain of the government
(which he feels oppresses minorities deliberately) and is also an
outspoken atheist. Despite this latter opinion, the Hispanic
community idolizes him, and one word from him can result in a
march, a protest or even a firebombing, depending on the nature
of that word. He has never been implicated in using his influence
directly, but has been questioned in conjunction with several
ongoing investigations (and of course, the police receive unfa-
vorable coverage whenever he is questioned). He occasionally
stumbles onto Orpheus and T&S Black Ops missions, but has yet
to recognize these operations as anything unusual (though
several agents were misidentified as "government spooks" in a
story he ran recently).

His past history aside, Mr. San Miguel recently went
"undercover" in the city's slums and obtained photographs
that our clients would like returned. Mr. San Miguel has not
aired the story nor done anything with the photographs yet,
and our intel indicates he hasn't deviated appreciably from
his usual schedule since taking them (which could mean he
doesn't know he's being shadowed). Our clients, however,
request we silence Mr. San Miguel for good. They assure us
that once we fumigate him, they will cover the investigation

and ensure that any and all copies of the photographs are
found and destroyed; tracking down these photos is not a
mission priority.

Mr. San Miguel is not married, but lives with his girl-
friend (Josephina Marquez, 25) and her son by a previous
marriage (Juan Marquez, 4). Do not harm either unless
absolutely necessary.


mMmSsioOnFRRAMETERS

Silence Emilio San Miguel, permanently. Make sure he
does not lingerasa ghost. If he does, destroy his spirit. Our clients
are well aware that someone as tenacious as Mr. San Miguel
might linger to see "justice" done, and are paying to cover that
potential loose thread as well.

Making Mr. San Miguel's death look like an accidentiis not
required since our clients can cover up the details and assume
jurisdiction over the ensuing investigation. Remember that Mr.
San Miguel is paranoid and careful, however, so itis likely he has
a bodyguard with him. Make sure nobody sees youfollowinghim,
and that the police cannot link you to the time or place of his
death (Orpheus will aid in providing an alibi if necessary).

InTeL

Mr. San Miguel works long hours, usually beginning at 8:00
AM, when he typically arrives at the news station. He works in
his office (no windows, only one door leading to a hallway) until
the early afternoon. He sometimes tal

es lunch with co-workers,
conducts interviews over lunch or skips lunch altogether. His
afternoons are unpredictable, since he usually spends them
tracking down leads and working in the field. Many times, he
works into the late evening and does not return home until the
early morning. He followed the above schedule three days out of
five over a twelve-week period, on average, but never the same
three days. His schedule is erratic, and you should probably
conduct some cursory intel yourself before striking. Remember,
too, that Mr. San Miguel lives with his girlfriend and her young
son; these two are not targets (unless she knows about the photos;
you may receive an addendum to this mission if that is the case).

Threat Tag: Nemesis Gray

Mr. San Miguel has no special or paranormal skills, but is
well-connected, has a bodyguard (Torrance Marcelo, age 27).
Both carry pistols. Mr. San Miguel is wary, but often overly
curious, which should prove a useful trait for your purposes.

mssionz0o77s

msSsion Tyre =: BODYGUARRD/
SALVATION

Protect target from unwanted ghostly advances.
Target Name: Kurt Fleet

BACHE ROUND

Last year, Minnix Pictures released the film Ghost Lover. In
brief, the plot involvesa young man, played by teenage heartthrob
Kurt Fleet, who falls in love with a beautiful female ghost. His
love for her is so strong that she returns to life. The film received
average reviews, yet did incredibly well at the box office, espe-
cially with the coveted repeat-viewing young teen girl
demographic.

Those of you here at Orpheus who said this movie was a
stunningly bad idea were right. Mr. Fleet, already a target of teen
obsession and devotion, drew even more attention with this tug-
at-the-heartstrings role. Unfortunately for him, hisfans' devotion
does not always dissipate when they die. Mr. Fleet has been
serially haunited ini the months following the film's premiere:

samtie 5 TOEY

4

Whether his fans died in accidents or by suicide, whether their
bedrooms were Hollywood shrines or they first saw the movie the
day before they were killed, the combination of Mr. Fleet's good
looks and movie-screen charm with a storyline that promises
resurrection through love for a beautiful girl has brought single-
minded ghosts from all over the country (and possibly the world)
to Mr. Fleet's door. Because he must love them for this fairy tale
towork, the ghosts are not contentsimply to bask in his presence
or mope about quietly. They attempt to interact with him,
demand his attention, and become violent if they notice each
other or grow too frustrated with their current state. Mr. Fleet has
been injured several times. He moves from hotel to hotel, never
spending the night in the same place twice ina row, or more than
two weeks in any city, in an attempt to stay ahead of the ghosts.
Despite the relative success of these tactics, both the studio and
Mr. Fleet submitted separate requests for an Orpheus team.

MSSIONFRRAMETERS

Depart immediately after briefing (contact Mr. Fleet's staff
for his itinerary). Deflect all incoming ghosts from Mr. Fleet's
presence. Where time and circumstances permit, assist and
rescue the approaching ghosts. If there is any danger of an
altercation spilling into Mr. Fleet's presence, alert his staff
immediately so they can move him to a safe area. This is a
limited-time assignment. Mr. Fleet and Minnix Pictures plan to
remedy the ghost problem by significantly altering Mr. Fleet's
image; a gritty war picture is currently being rushed through
editing, using footage that was initially canned when the studio
acquired the Ghost Lover proj

INTEL

There are rumors Mr. Fleet preferred a contract with
NextWorld, with whom he has personal contacts. If the mission
team does not arrive promptly and perform to his liking, it is
entirely possible Mr. Fleet will pressure the studio to reassign the
contract, or employ a NextWorld team of his own initiative. It


is in Orpheus' best interest that public sparring over the is
does not occur.

Threat Tag: Enigma-class Green (Ghosts); Nemesis
Gray (NextWorld)

Itisimpossible to predict the numbersand disposition of the
ghosts the team may encounter in the duration of this mission.
Treat NextWorld employeesas per standard Nemesis protocols;
don't shoot first, but don't wait to be shot either.

mssion#O0776

mMSSiOn Tree:
INTELLIGENCE
GATHERING /RETRIEVAL

Find and retrieve lost "meteorite" artifact. Interview
area residents and local ghosts looking for visible, audible or
paychic:effSets of the ghost-quake/and subsequent particle
shower: Locate any punch-through areas, and retrieve any
surviving objects.

Location: Park neighborhoods

BACHGROUNO

Agent Zoé Vitt was involved ina standard rescue operation
(see attached file Mission #0721) when she witnessed an unex-
plained phenomenon. Agent Vitt was projecting when she
experienced a series of violent tremors, followed by the impact
of an object that fell from the sky, at the corner of Fairfield and
73rd streets. Agent Vitt retrieved the object, a small white rock
approximately 2.5 by 1 by .5 inches. The object was physically
presentonly in her projected form and her extended senses, while
remaining imperceptible to the living. While the impact object
was in her projected possession, the agent encountered two
Shadow-class assailants in the vicinity of Holy Cross Hospital,
and was forced to make a ripcord retreat to Orpheus. The
"meteorite" object was lost during Agent Vitt's rapid return to
HQ. There are no official reports from local authorities of any
ground tremors or unidentified object sightings in the affected
neighborhoods.

MSSIONFPRRAMETERS

Examine thoroughly the impact site at Fairfield and
73rd. Interview residents (both living and ghost), asking
about any visible or audible effects of the tremors or impact,

and additionally about any psychic effects or sequelae follow-
ing the event. From interview results, establish the total area
affected by the tremors, locate any other meteorite impacts
and retrieve any surviving objects. Any persistent physical
effects must be extensively documented (including optical,
digital and IR photography). Any affected physical objects
that can be brought back to the labs should be acquired using
standard reimbursement procedures. Any witnesses, espe-

cially those suffering sequelae, should be encouraged to
accept a medical examination at HQ (overnight st
pected; call to arrange immediate transportation). Retrieve
the original meteorite object from the Fairfield and 73rd
impact if possible, which is expected to be somewhere be-
tween Holy Cross Hospital and Orpheus Offices. In a
worst-case scenario, the meteorite may be in the possession of
the hostiles reported by Agent Vite. Do not attempt to track
down the hostiles unless you've exhausted all other options
for locating the object and found no other meteorites of the
same nature.

InTEeEL

This is not the first report of such a phenomenon, but it is
the first time the event was witnessed in its entirety by an
Orpheus agent (ghost-quakes alone have been reported by
agents, but without the meteorite sightings [see attached files:
Mission #0478, #0559, #0612]). It is also the closest an observed
event of this nature has come to Orpheus. It is theoretically
possible that these ghost-quakes are natural events which have
gone unreported due to a lack of qualified observers. It is also

theoretically possible that these phenomena are new and related
to other events currently under investigation. This is the very
first phase of the intelligence gathering operation. Do not
needlessly narrow the investigation; keep in mind, however, that
the reliability of the witnesses decreases as time passes, that
surviving impact objects might be further damaged and that
hostile ghosts may be attracted to the investigation.

Threat Tag: Possible Shadow-class Ghost interference
in the investigation.

ARODITIONSL INFORMATION

Agent Vitt was grievously injured during the skirmish. She
is convalescing from her encounter at HQ, where she has been
placed under heavy sedation and is therefore unavailable to
answer casual inquiries. Her doctor will judge if a request for
information from Agent Vitt is important enough to revive her.


GHOST-QURAHES

The living and the dead share the world, kept apart only
by blinkered perceptions and the shortcomings of the senses
— both of which Orpheus agents and very few others have
learned to overcome. There is more to the cosmos than what
either the living or the dead can perceive, however. Any agent
who has rescued a ghost and watched it ascend into light — or
descend into darkness — knows that there are other places or
states of being, if not where, or what.

Ghost-quakes are another bit of evidence that something
exists beyond the world. A ghost-quake's violent tremors
wrack only the spirit, sending ghosts fleeing in terrorbefore the
psychic assault. The few Orpheus agents to fully experience a
ghost-quake (while projecting, not safely ensconced in their
physical bodies) report that the concussive forces are certainly
capable of damaging or even destroying a ghost; even during
the most violent recorded incident (one that left an Orpheus
agent incapacitated), the tremors went unnoticed by the
living save for triggering a few car alarms, and caused no
verifiable physical damage. Still, Orpheus researchers see
reason for concern: Just as a ghost or projected entity can
manifest and wreak havoc, so might a ghost-quake, and the
damage would be vast and untraceable. In the current geopo-
litical climate, the idea of a belligerent nuclear response to a
manifesting ghost-quake is far too likely for comfort.

Asstrange as ghost-quakes are, there is an accompanying
phenomenon that is even more curious: On occasion, bits of
matter are introduced into the world during or immediately

after the tremors. These bits, most commonly chunks of rock
or metal, do not simply appear; they arrive with a great deal of
momentum, as though forcibly ejected from some place, or

overcoming some force or obstacle to win through to our
world. Even more puzzling, these otherwise completely nor-
mal, physical pieces of matter are completely intangible to the
living. Projectors, trained to sense spiritual presences, can see
these objects, but can't interact with them without projecting.
Again, there has been no physical damage recorded from such
an event, but the possibility of a ghost meteorite of any real
mass suddenly manifesting and impacting without any warn-
ing, and with no telescopes or astronomers to place the blame,
is at least unnerving.

That's what the world knows. But you, as the Storyteller,
‘want to know more: What causes a ghost-quake? Where do
these meteorite things come from? How do they get here, and
what would it take for one to leave a real mark on downtown?
Here's a little something to get you started.

The origins of both ghost-quakes and ghost meteorites lie
beyond the Shroud, in a realm inaccessible to ghosts and
projectors. Beyond the Stormwall, the winds of a great storm
called the Maelstrom still spin with a fury an earth-bound
tempest could never achieve. Chunks of debris, the flotsam
and jetsam of some lost civilization, whip through the storm
until some small deviation in course sends them crashing into

the dense buffer of the Shroud. Weak materials are simply
destroyed. Stronger stuff sends shudders through the Shroud,
which ripple through the world as ghost-quakes. In the worst
collisions, some chunks of stone or metal have enough
momentum to punch through the Shroud, or a second or
third object hits the strained Stormywall and wins through —
but not enough to become physically present. They fall just
short of the final barrier, that lurching step that projectors
and ghosts traverse at will.

In less modern times, meteorites were often seen as
omens, of bad things to come. These ghost meteorites,
already bearing a history of destruction, may also be bearers
of bad tidings. Whether drawn to the destruction like moths
toa flame, orin some arcane way the cause of it, Spectres, full
of Spite and wearing their Stains like favored tools, are often
found at the site of a recent ghost-quake — or spotted shortly
before one occurs. They are even more likely toappearifthere
has been (or will be) a'ghost meteorite punch-through.

There are other malignant, but subtle forces at work in
places where ghost meteorites have recently come through.
Spite mounts quietly, but steadily until the holes in the
Shroud heal, a process that may take hours or days. Until that
time, any rolls made when tapping Spite points suffer a one
to difficulty — itis far easier to accumulate Spite here, where
it bleeds through the Shroud and pools on the face of the
world. This phenomenon makes encounters with malicious
ghosts just that much more dangerous, since they will almost
certainly be gorged on Spite and spoiling for a fight.

Finally, for a ghost-quake or meteorite to manifest
physically would require a weakening of the Shroud, which
is otherwise up to the task of containing the effects of the
Maelstrom. The uncomfortable possibility exists that a suffi-
cient display of Spite on either side of the Stormwall might
weaken it enough for a ghost-quake and punch-through to
occur. Certainly any such attempt would require uncanny
precision, abundant foreknowledge and unbounded anger.

Projectors or ghosts caught in a ghost-quake suffer
increased difficulties for all actions, ranging from one to four
depending on the severity of the quake and their distance
from its "epicenter." The difficulties are decreased by one for
actions which take advantage of the projector or ghost's
Stains; for example, using tentacles to hold on to something,
or claws to continue fighting during the tremors. It is impor-
tant to note that ghost meteorites do not always fall down
from above — it's just the most common effect, since gravity
assures that anything in the air will come down eventually.
The Shroud isn't up, or over there, it's everywhere. A break-
through can occuranywhere, sendingrock and metal shooting
up from the ground like an ice-cold volcano, or suddenly
appearing, without support, in mid-air. Thankfully, the odds
of actually getting hit by a ghost meteorite are as minute as
those of being hit by a rock from space.


Name:

Player:

Chronicle:

. Physical

Strength,

Dexterity.

Stamina

Talents

Alertness. 00000

Athleti 00000

Awareness. 00000

Brawl 00000

Empathy. o00000

Expression, 00000

Intimidation 00000

Intrigue. 00000

Intuition o00000

Leadership 00000

Streetwise 00000

Subterfuge 00000

Backgrounds
00000
00000
00000
O0000
00000
Default Abilities

Dead-Eyes (Chapter Two, p. 82)

Detect Nature Group (Chapter Three, p. 148)
Incorporeal & Invisible (Chapter Two, p. 82
Manifest (Chapter Two, p. 82)

Misery LovesCompany (Chapter Three,p. 149)
Sense Lifeline (Chapter Three, p. 150)

Sever the Strand (Chapter Three, p. 150)
Thievery (Chapter Three, p. 151)

@0000 Charisma
@0000 Manipulation,
@o000o Appearance

Nature:
Demeanor:
Shades

ATTRIBUTES

Social

Skills
Animal Ken_____9 0000
Crafts. 00000
Drive 00000
Etiquette o00000
Firearms. 00000
Meditation. 00000
Mek 00000
Performance. 00000
Security. O00000
Stealth. 00000
Survival) 0000
Technology. 00000
VANTAGES
Horrors
o00000
OO0000
00000
O0000
00000
Vitality
O000000000
Willpower
O0O00000000
OODOODOOOO

Spite
O000000000
OOOOOO0o0o000

Lament:
Role:

Mental

@0000 Perception
@0000 Intelligence
e@0000 Wits

@0000
@0000
@0000

Knowledges
Academics__ 0000
Bureaucracy. OO0000
Computer. O0000
Enigmas, 00000
Finance. 00000
Investigation. 00000
Law. 00000
Lingu 00000
Medicine. 00000
Occult 00000
Politics. 00000
Science 00000

Stains
o00000
oO0000
o0000
o00000
o00000
Health
Bruised oO
Hurt 10
Injured 40
Wounded 20
Mauled 20
Crippled 5 O
Incapacitated Oo
Experience


DNs Bitoe obs wpe

aA. a ene, 2 lal onal es entra fee. aa aaa A

le INDEX|
i

Intelligence 165 Combat Maneuvers .-229 -¥ =Dead-Bfés 82
Abilities 166 Perception 166 Close Combat Maneuvers 230» Detect Nature Group 148
Knowledges 176 Wits 165 Clore GombatManawesTable 234 Incorporeal & Invisible 82
177 Physical 161 Bite 230 Manifest 82
| Bureaucracy 177 Dexterity 161 Clinch 231 Misery Loves Company 149
‘ Computer 177 Stamina 162 Disarm 231 Sense Lifeline 150
Enigmas 178 Strength 161 Kick 231 Sever the Strand 150
Finance 178 Social 162 Multiple Opponents 231 Thievery 151
Investigation 178 Appearunce 164 Scratch 231 Derangements 238
Law 178 Charisma - 162 Strike 231 Fugue 239
Linguistics 179 Manipulation 163 Sweep 231 Hysteria 239
Medicine 180 Automatic Feats 217 Tackle 231 Manic Depression 240
Occult 180 Getting to Your Feet 217 Weapon Length 232 Megalomania 240
Politics 180 Manifesting 217 Weapon Strike 232 Multiple Personalities 240
Science 181 Movement 217 Combat Summary Chart 228 Obsessive/Compulsive 240
Skills 172 Projectingfor Skimmers 218 Defense Maneuvers 230 Paranoia 240
Animal Ken 172 Readying a Weapon 218 Block 230 Schizophrenia 241
Crafts 172 Starting aCar 218 Dodge 230 Dice 208
Drive 172 Using Benefits 218 Parry 230 Difficulties 209
Etiquette 173 ¥lekiing.* 218 General Maneuvers 229 Difficulty Ratings 209
Firearms 173 — Abort an Action 229 Disease 241
Meditation 174 Sana Ambush 229 Drowning 241

Academics

|
;

aa eo aa

ds 181
Melee 174 Backgrouints Blind Fighting 229
al 182 -
Security 175 poens Movement 229 Electrocution 242
Survival 176 Cennicts - 169 ManeuverComplications 233 Experience Costs 203
Talents 166 Dazed 233
Influence 185 Failure 209
Awareness 168 2 RangedCombatManeuvers 232
Seale Patron 186 Ae Freebie Point Cost. 124
Reincarnate 18
Intimidation 169 apace a Cover 232
Status 188 2
Intuition 170 Lena iD Range 232 Health 200, 233
Streetwise 171 S Strafe 232 Health Levels 235
Subterfuge 171 ter Creation 119 Three-Round Burst. 233 Horrors 94.
Multiple 211 Combat 225 Forebode 101
Reflexives 208 Attack 226 O Helter Skelter 106
Armor Chart, 234 Initiative 226 Applying Vitality Damage 237 Purpetry 109
Attributes 160 Ranged Conibat 232 Bashing 228 Storm-Wending 114

Allies 182
Performance 175 og FlankandRear Attacks 229
fact 182
Stealth 175 seen Targeting 229 Experience 201
Desay 152 Explosives 242
Technology 176 Foc efinne: 18 Blinded 233 plosives
ealth Insura 184 sll
Alertness 167 pitch Leen Immobilized 233
Athletics 167 iseuei~ 185 Knockdown 233 Filling 245
Mentor 185 Fire 243
Brawl 168 meri RarguiCombaManenesTate 24 Fite 24
Personal Trainer 187 eebie Points 13
Expression 169 San gees Automatic Fire 232 HreshieBolnts "10
Resources 188
Intrigue 170 Multiple Shots 232
Botche
Leadership 171 a Reloading 232 Health Chart 235
Actions 207 aracter Creation Chart. — Two Weapons 233 Benefits 99
Extended 212 Crucible 133 Congeal 108
Resisted 213 Close Combat 226 Damage 227 Inhabit 103
Armor 228 Combat Turns 226 ‘Applying Health Damage:235 y, emmaut - 111
Mental 164 Resolution 227 Lethal 228
"- Default Abilities 82, 148-151

Unearthly Repose 113


Wail 100 *
Witch's Nimbus 104

Laments 94
Hue 98
Skimmer 95
Sleeper - 96
Spirit 97

m

Melee Weapons Chart 234

Mental Feats, 222
Hacking 222
Investigation 222

Repair 222
Research 223
Tracking 223

al

Personality Archetypes 147
Addict 152
Architect 152
Autocrat 152
Avant-Garde 152
Barbarian 152
Bon Vivant 152
Bravo 153
Bumpkin 153
Bureaucrat 153
Caregiver 153
Celebrant 153
Child 153
Competitor 153
Conformist 154
Conniver 154
Critic 154
Curmudgeon 154
Dabbler 154
Defender 154
Deviant 155
Director 155
Dreamer 155
Explorer 155
Fanatic 155
Follower 155
Gallant 156
Gambler 156
Grotesque 156

Judge 156
Leader 157
Loner 157

Martyr 157 -s

Mediator 157
Mentor 157
Monster 158
Pedagogue 158
Penitent 158
Perfectionist 158

Rake 158
Rebel 158
Riddler 158
Rogue 159

Scientist 159
Socialite 159
Survivor 159
Thrill-Seeker 159
Traditionalist _ 159
Trickster 160
Visionary. 160
Wretch" 160
Physical Feats 218
Climbing 218
Driving 218
Encumbrance 218.
Intrusion 219
Jumping 219
Lifting/Breaking 219
Opening/Closing 220
Pursuit 220
Shadowing 221
Sneaking 221
Swimming 221
Throwing 222
Poisons and Drugs 243
Alcohol 243
Cocaine/Crack/Speed 244
Hallucinogens 244
HeroiryMorphine/Berbiturates 244
Marijuana 244
Pigment 244, 286
Poison 244
Salmonella 244
Prelude 131

a
Ranged WeaponsChart 235
Role 136

Abuse Survivor 137
Bicycle Messenger 137
Cab Driver 138
Cancer Survivor 138
Cashier 138
Eco-Terrorist 139

ER Doctor 140

140,

Fishermans» 141
Gang Member 141

Inner-City Graduate 142"

Jane Doe 142
Journalist. 143
Mountain Climber 143
Police Officer 144
Prostitute 145
Reformed Criminal 145,
Security Guard 146
Soldier 146

Truck Driver 147

Saving Ghosts 258
Random Ghost Generator 260
Shade 81

Banshee 84
Haunter 86
Poltergeist 88
Skinrider 90

Wisp 92
Signature Characters
Carruthers, John 93
Cotton, Ben 89
Dennison, Kate 85
Forest, Craig 98
Harper, Annie 97
Hayes, Tom 96
Mason, Chet 91
Masterson, Hoyt 87
Vitt, Zoé 95
Soak 228
Social Feats 223
Carousing 223
Credibility 223
Fast-Talk 223
Interrogation 224
Intimidation 224
Oration 224
Performance 224
Specialties 163
Spite 192
Dangers of Spite 193
Starting Spite 192
s 193

Adder's Scales 195
Bat's Ears 195
Bristling Hide 195
Carapace Back 195
Chameleon Skin 195
Claws 196
Compound Eyes 196

DasgersLongue _,196

Gauze Quills 196
Gossamer Webs 196
Hawk's Beak" 196
"Leper 196
Man-of-War "197
Martyred 197
Pseudopods 198
Shark's Appetite 198
Shifting Identity 198
Skeletal Form 198
Spider's Bristles 198
Withered 199
Storyteller 249
Storytelling 249

Success 209

Automatic Success 210
Degrees of Success 209
Supporting Characters 264
Allied Ghosts 281
Amateursand Independents 290
Animal Ghosts. 284
Hostile Ghosts. 284
Jasons 272

Lesser Factions 288
McCoy, Devon 292
NextWorld, Inc. 277
Spectres 267

Static Repeaters and Blips
279

Temel& SouibPhammaceuticas 274
Threat Tags 265
Systems 217

T

Temperature Extremes 245
Time 207

Traits 119
Ratings 208
MN

Vitality 188
Empowering Horrors 190
Regaining Vitality 191
Starting Vitality 189

WwW

Willpower 199
Regaining Willpower 199
Spending Willpower 199


oes

wi
What if death wasn't the end? ‘ae if you could die and
return to your body, +o live again? What if you could
remain among the living jong after your body crumbled
to dust? What if sciendé had rendered death a mere
inconvenience? *

The door between this world and the next has been thrown
open. The souls of the deceased haven't passed, they're
among us, and now the living walk among thejydead.
Mankind has learned to look into the void" of the
afterlife... but does it stare back?

ay

If death is no longer an absolute, | what
* Wah Se

Some laws should never be ee

a

rs

ISBN 1-58846-600~0
WW21000 $34. " U.S.

a

«DEATH AND. BEYOND :
