# File: Pardoners & Puppeteers.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

The ace and Puppeteers SclnceboehaineN ate ne



Credits

Written by: Elizabeth Ditchburn and Heather Grove, and
Jackie Cassada and Nicky Rea

Development by: Richard E. Dansky

Editing by: Ed Hall

Art Direction by: Lawrence Snelly

Art by: Richard Clark, Fred Harper, Ron Spencer, Chuck
Regan, Matt Mitchell, John Cobb, Fred Hooper, Christopher
Shy, Anthony Hightower

Covers: Eric Lacombe and John Cobb
Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly
Layout and typesetting by: Richard Thomas

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
& SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, CA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews,
and for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced
for personal use only. White Wolf is a registered trade-
mark of White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved. Wraith the
Oblivion, Guildbook Artificers, Wraith Players Guide,
Guildbook Sandmen, Guildbook Masquers, Guildbook
Haunters, The Risen and Guildbook Puppeteers and Par-
doners are trademarks of White Wolf, Inc. All rights re-
served. All characters, names, places and text herein are
copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copy-
tight concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader discretion
is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at http://www.white-
wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA.

Wee Lame Mee te SC

"ec Thal [o:
Justin "The Internet is Bald and Full of Hate" Achilli, for
sticking to his six-guns, no matter what. You're a better man
than I.

Phil "Five Cups in the Shower" Brucato, for never being afraid
to share, err, anything.
Ed "Don't tell me about..
high culture.

Brian "Mwraor. Mwraor! MWRAOR! rrrowrr" Glass, for shar-
ing the road through blizzards, bad food, and a really crappy
Dj.

Rob "Sluggo" Hatch, for invertebrate knowledge below and
beneath the call of duty.

Mike "Kneecapitated" Tinney, for finding yet another White
Wolf sport to injure himself in.

Greg "Closer to the Goal" Fountain, for looking way too much
like Geddy Lee.

-" Hall, for working the F-word into

Sister Acceptance created by Jackie Cassada. Yaeko cre-
ated by Heather Grove. Lord Ember created by Richard
Dansky.


Table of cnet

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Soul, Part V
Chapter One: No Strings Attached?

Chapter Two: Waiting for Fate

Chapter Three: The Puppeteers and the Risen

Chapter Four: Pulling Strings

Chapter five: Behind the Puppet Show Curtain
Appendix: Punches and judys

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls, Part Vi
Chapter One: Spiritual Exercises 8
Chapter Two: The Pardoner's Tale (History
Chapter Three: True Confessions

Chapter Four: Secrets I :
Chapter Five: The Art of Castgation nny :
Chapter Six: Templates Bd oe
Appendix: Who Was Who



Where do they
come from?

The dust.
Where do they go?
The erave.

Does blood stir in
their veins?

No: the night
wind...

What hears with
their ear?

The abyss between
the stars.

Ray Bradbury,
Something Wicked
This Way Comes



Ghost Story
Road of Steel and
Souls

Part V: Waking Nightmares

Ithough he wasn't really there, the undis-
tinguished man sighed as he stared at the
spectacle before him from his hiding place
behind a tree. Wearily, his short fingers
drummed against his thigh to a nonexist-
ent beat as he waited for the play to un-
fold before him. Jericho had seen it a
dozen times already, and he had no desire to see it again.
However, his superiors had told him to be thorough, so he
resigned himself to another night of reruns and concentrated
on the scenery.

It was a lovely dream. Brilliant, green grass grew knee-
high in the sunny meadow. Flowers of every imaginable hue
waved gently in the breeze. The trees were tall, without scar
or blemish, and their leaves were perfect. Sweet birdsong, pure
and high, twittered on the warm summer air. By the edge of
the meadow stood a woman with graying hair and a small
nose. She wore a child's pale green dress covered in ribbons,
lace and flounces. It was ridiculously tight on her, and her
varicose-veined legs protruded comically from beneath her
skirts. Childlike, she jumped up and down, clapping all the
while, as her light laughter echoed among the trees. A shout

carried to her on the breeze, and she cheered even harder.
Jericho steeled himself for the inevitable. This scene was what
he'd come to watch.

In the middle of the meadow, a pure white horse pranced
and snorted. Its saddle and bridle were hammered gold and
silver, and a rainbow of ribbons adorned its mane and tail.
Astride it sat a man in impossibly shiny full plate armor — it
looked as though the breastplate had been fashioned of alu-
minum foil. A white plume rose up a full two feet from a hel-
met that didn't allow its wearer more than the narrowest field
of vision. The knight's vision didn't seem impaired in the
slightest, however. He carried a long, wide sword that looked
far too heavy for his slim arm, and he swung it wildly in the
air at the monster before him.

The creature was perhaps the strangest part of the odd
tableau. It was clearly meant to be a dragon, but what mad
artist could have conceived of such a creature? Its skin looked
like yellow-painted wood with dark-purple polka dots, and a
navy-blue crest ran up its back to the top of its scalp. It had
two green, intricately carved horns on its forehead, and wide,
bulging, blue eyes. Jericho sighed when he saw it — he wasn't
sure whether to grimace or chuckle.

Without warning, the dream changed. The meadow sud-
denly became a lake; the flowers melted into its waves. The
flowers' color bled away, draining out of the petals, down

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls 7


through the stems and into the frothing water. The breeze
turned into a wind of gale-force strength, whipping dirt and
spraying water through the grimy air. The forest earth meta-
morphosed into a beach; the trees became pale and ghostly
men carrying weapons. The green faded gradually into gray,
with only the palest tinge of the original color remaining.
Birdsong deepened to a roar, became the clamoring of a throng.
Jericho raised his head, eyes narrowed, thin lips pressed to-
gether.

The womans dress lost its color as well, and the fine lace
and satins blackened with rot. The flounces sagged. A rickety
dock stretched out from the shore; it looked as though it would
barely support the woman's weight. Her face grew pale, and
her eyes widened. She shrank back from the oily water. In the
center of the lake, where the dragon had stood in all its ram-
shackle glory, a monster roared defiance. Gone were the child-
ish colors. Gone was the knotted carving. They'd been re-
placed by unrelenting gray and black, a slick hide and a mas-
sive, stinging tail. The eyes still bulged, but they'd lost NaH
oaken hardness and brilliant blue shade.

The horse became a flimsy reed boat, swaying danger-
ously in the waves. The knight's armor lost its shine, then
elongated and softened into a robe and hood. The sword
stretched and darkened, wailing as a sickle-shape devoured
the elegant golden hilt and shimmering blade. Where flowers
had waved in a summer breeze, water now swirled in an ever-
deepening whirlpool. A final, earth-shattering roar ruptured
the air and threw the girl to the wooden planks of the dock.
Locked in titanic conflict, the monster and the hooded figure
sank beneath the surface of the lake.

Jericho shook his head and turned to go. Nothing but
reruns, again.

The back room of the Fire and Angel stank of old beer
and cigarettes. Flakes of ash stuck to the tabletop. "I hate this
place," Katerina mumbled as she brushed at the dust on an

orange, vinyl-covered chair and sat down heavily. Seeing the —

grime on her pudgy hands, she made a face and surreptitiously
wiped them on the slightly cleaner formica of the table.

Yaeko smiled. "It's convenient and non-obvious. That
counts for a lot these days." She sat across from Katerina, lifted
a glass of whiskey in salute and downed half the contents in
one shot. She coughed, brown eyes watering. "Hell. This body
isn't used to whiskey."

Katerina laughed. "Choose a better one next time."

Yaeko stared suspiciously at the contents of her glass.
"Damn straight I will. No point in doing this if I can't even
enjoy a proper belt."

Wearing the body of a beat cop, Jericho stepped through
the doorway and shut the heavy wooden door behind him.
"Guards are in place on both sides of the Shroud. We'll be
fine as long as I get this body back to the station by one o'clock.
I'd rather not get it in trouble; having a cop is useful."

8 Guildbook: Puppeteers

Sagneygarieitt

"Useful to us, certainly," Katerina snorted. "I'm not sure
how his sergeant would feel about it. Still, this shouldn't take
long. What did you find out?"

Jericho shook his head as he picked up the glass of Sprite
Yaeko had thought to order for him. "Same as the last 14
dreams I've dipped into. No words, no demand for sacrifice.
Either I've been getting the edited versions, or someone's ly-
ing. Given the nature of Guild politics, I'm betting on the
latter." ("Sucker bet," muttered Yaeko.) He tapped a finger
on the wet glass. "Truth be told, though, I'm thinking that it
doesn't matter. As long as the other Guilds think there's some-
thing interesting going on, we can use this to our advantage."

Yaeko struck a match and lit a Camel. Through the small
cloud of smoke she asked, "How?"

Katerina was the one who replied, grinning as she ran
her fingers through her bangs. "This Charon thing has stirred
up the whole anthill back in Stygia. Now is the perfect time
to make a few moves. While everyone else is focusing on that
expedition into the Labyrinth and trying to figure out what's
going on, our inside people step up their activities. We might
even use the confusion to slip in a few extras."

Yaeko had yet to take a drag on the cigarette. Instead,
she used it like a pointer and gestured with it. "Now might be
the time to talk to the Monitors as well; while everyone else
is busy with Stygian politics, we could sever a few Fetters.
Getting rid of some key people at this point could throw cer-
tain other Guilds into chaos."

"Certain Guilds like the Haunters and Spooks? | like it."
Katerina smiled nastily.

Jericho nodded. "Now we're talking. Yaeko, why don't
you contact your Monitor friend — what was his name, Seth?
— and have a little chat with him. This is one hell of an
opportunity, and we can't afford to miss it."

Yaeko grinned. "Sure enough. What can I offer him,
though?"

"The usual." Jericho's face was a mask of indifference.
"Cheap thrills, time-share in bodies doin' the nasty, ice-cold
Cokes — all that sort of thing. Our friends in the Co-depen-
dent Mafia should go for that in a second." He slipped into a
bad Brando accent and mumbled, "Nice Fetter you got here.
Be a real shame if something happened to it."

Katerina laughed and nodded. "Right. I'll take care of
contacting the spies. Jericho, you still have the strongest ties
to Stygia. Keep us up to date on what's going on there, and
don't forget those blasted Guildmaster meetings."

"You've got it," Jericho said in his own voice. He smiled
fractionally and took a sip of soda. It went down cool and
delicious — just the way he'd remembered it would.

"In three days, then. Same place, but let's make it for
dinner." Yaeko's borrowed body made a face. "At least the
food here is better than the drinks."

Yaeko grimaced, glad to be free of the gangly body she'd
used for the meeting. She would definitely have to find a bet-
ter one for the next rendezvous; she'd grabbed this consort on
short notice, and it had been a disaster. Maybe Katerina didn't
care what she looked like when Skinriding, but there was a
certain measure of comfort in using a body-type similar to
what your own had been. What she really wanted was to have
long black hair again, hair she could run her fingers through.
Come to think of it, hair that someone else could run their
fingers through wouldn't be too bad, either. She sighed. She
desperately wanted the free time to go Skinriding for plea-
sure, but right now, things were too crazy. No sense getting
hauled in on a Mortuum charge by some overeager beat Le-
gionnaire; not when all the rest of this stuff was going on. Her
fingers itched for a cigarette. There's always time for just one
smoke, her Shadow whispered, but she ignored it. Seth was
waiting, and he was a punctual sort. Anal-retentive, really, her
Shadow said, and she didn't have the energy to disagree.

Across the table, his unblinking eyes shining like lan-
terns, Seth hovered menacingly as he considered Yaeko's of-
fer. "You're asking a lot here, Yaeko."

"And offering just as much, Seth. You know me well
enough to know that I wouldn't screw you on this," she re-
sponded.

"Wouldn't screw me...," his voice trailed off. "All right." /
Seth nodded slowly. Dark, curly hair fell into his eyes, and he
pushed it back without even the slightest change of expres-
sion. "I'll take your proposal back to the Guild. I like it, and I
think they will too." He pulled on a pair of black gloves. "Give
me two days. I'll meet you at St. Ignatius' down on Munroe at
seven; wear a nice body, and we'll talk."

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls


Chapter One
No Strings Attached?

Down through the dark glen awaits the aggressor
Shrouded in mist as the victims appear

Watching the ghosts of the fathers of children

Of mercy whose deeds in the nighttime draw near.
— Wolfstone, "A Hard Heart"

ss Bere are oe ho
complet spe accurate As jo hs :


s you know, the Puppeteers were never
accepted in Stygia. Their presence was
merely tolerated before the Breaking of
the Guilds because of their affiliation with
the other Guilds. They have always been
S) the most flagrant violators of the Dictum
Mortuum, and they continue to be a threat
to the Hierarchy and all that we stand for.

Currently, active Puppeteers keep a low profile through-
out Stygia, but they can be found wherever there is Renegade
activity. They never heeded the law before the Decree of the
Breaking, and have shown no inclination to do so since. In-
stead of disbanding, all available information indicates that
they simply went further underground than they already were.

There aren't many Puppeteers — sources indicate that
there never were — but they seem to have a great many friends.
There are also numerous people who owe them favors. I be-
lieve that this "network" is why we've had such a difficult
time uncovering them — when we go looking for them, they
always have people willing to hide them, either to return a
favor or to cover up the fact the Puppeteers have, at some
point, violated the Dictum Mortuum on the accomplice's be-
half.

I didn't get close enough to the Guild to join, as I was
forced to cut my mission short when one of my Fetters was
destroyed as a warning. I did meet a number of Guild mem-
bers, and I picked up some information from them and from
affiliated Renegades. Those findings and my analysis are con-
tained below.

Rank and File

From what I knew of the Puppeteers, I had expected them
to be the stereotypical Renegades: radicals, hippies, dropouts,
punks. What I found, though, was that, as a rule, they ap-
peared very ordinary, even respectable. Many of the people
they associated with were the punks and other troublemakers
that you commonly find in Renegade gangs, but the actual
Guild members keep a very low profile and blend in well with
local scenery. They're a very quiet group, probably because, if
you hear any one of them talk for any length of time, their
randomized speech patterns (acquired through innumerable
Skinrides) give them away.

Joining the Guild isn't easy. I tried to infiltrate them by
posing as a potential recruit, Skinriding prolifically and using
other Puppetry powers, all to no avail. You have to find them
if you want to join, which involves getting the word that you're
looking for them into the right circles — or Circles. From
what I've learned, it's different if you start using Obliterate

Guildbook: Puppeteers

the Soul or meddling with mortals they've taken an interest
in. In cases like that, I'm told, they descend on you as quickly
as the Legions would, and not for the purpose of recruitment.

Since they do not recruit, I wondered how they manage
to have a Guild at all. We know that the Artificers induct
anyone they find promising, the Sandmen are motivated to
work together to create Pageants, and that, indeed, most of
the Guilds have some pressing issue that causes them to come
together. Puppetry, however, is different. The possessing and
controlling of a mortal is a solitary act and promotes working
alone. There is some motivation for practitioners of these Arts
to come together to share and trade techniques and new uses
of the Arcanos, but that does not explain a Guild-strength
level of solidarity. The answer turned out to be quite simple.
One of the Renegades I met during my efforts to infiltrate the
Guild took notice of my Skinriding habits and suggested that,
if I persisted, I'd be safer from the Legions if I "found the right
friends."

Self-protection. The school of fish theory. If the Puppe-
teers move in a group, then each individual is in less danger.

New Recruits

The newest members of the Guild are the most varied.
At this level, you do get some of the troublemakers you would
expect, people attracted to the thrill of Skinriding, but still,
no one who doesn't know how to be discreet. Most of the
new recruits, however, aren't in it for the thrills. There are
many former community activists, social workers and over-
bearing mothers in the Guild's lower echelons — compulsive
meddlers. There are even a few former religious leaders, but
not as many as one might expect, as most of them seem to
gravitate to the Purifiers' Order. Most Puppeteers have good
connections in the Renegade community, but many of those
connections seem to have developed after they joined the
Guild.

Off the record, one thing I can say about the older Pup-
peteers with absolute assurance is that they are all manipula-
tive elitists at heart. Some were just influential mortals who
couldn't take not being influential ghosts, and so they turned
to manipulating mortals. The rest hold near and dear to their
hearts the belief that the Dead, or at least those wraiths they
agree with, are better than the living. Death is supposed to
have imparted to them some special wisdom that is lacking in
the Quick. Guild elders go on at length about their responsi-
bilities to the living, but at the heart of it is a belief that only
wraiths really know what is best. They certainly don't hesi-
tate to use Obliterate the Soul or other arts that adversely
impact their hosts if it's necessary to achieve a purpose.

One trend I did notice among some of the Guild mem-
bers was that many had held an interest in communicating
with ghosts or spirits when they were alive. This tendency
apparently first showed up after the Spiritualist movement of

Confirmation

It's not really that bad. | mean, it's mostly just Skinriding, and I've done that hundreds of times. It's not like it's
something I can't handle. I've got dozens of consorts, and I've never had any one of them not move exactly as |
wanted, or not say anything I wanted them to say. But why did they have to pick this for my initiation? It's a church,
for chrissakes.

Still, I guess it could be a lot worse. | mean, they could have chosen the church my parents used to take me to.
The church may have been feeding us all a load of bullshit, but there's no way I'd do this to Father Ron. Not during

Te's still sacrilege. You will surely be damned if you continue

I didn't ask for comments from the peanut gallery, thank you very much. Anyway, it's not that bad, I used to be
an altar boy back when I was alive. Speaking of which, let's just hope that this guy has been playing nice with his
altar boys. Just because he's a priest doesn't mean he's perfect.

Okay, here he comes. I'd better make this good, because if there's any outward sign that something's wrong, I'll
be as welcome in the Guild as an ATF agent at an NRA meeting. On three. One. Two. Three. Whew. Okay, I'm in.

God, this place looks better from this side. Old buildings always do. It could still use some renovating, but I
appreciate not seeing every single crack in the stone, the leaks in the roof and all the termites in the pews. And the
smell — I haven't smelled that church smell since | was 18. It's funny how you hardly notice smells when you're
alive, and then you're dead and the only thing you ever smell is rot. You miss all those scents more than anything
else.

Father Michael here seems to be doing okay on his own for now. Luckily, I can just hang on for the time being,
I don't have to actually do anything until later.

You know you'll go to Hell for this. Stop now, and God may yet forgive you.

Will you give it a rest already? We're dead, remember, and still no Heaven, no Hell, no angels, no pearly gates,
no St. Peter, and no guy who got nailed to a tree.

Ever heard of Purgatory?

Purgatory isn't supposed to be like this. I read my Dante. Look, if you don't cut it out with the nonsense, we're
going to go and see Angie when this is all over with. She may not be an official Pardoner, but she'll do for you.

Don't say I didn't warm you.

Well, that's shut him up for now at least. Where are we? I hate it when he distracts me like that. Okay, not too
much time left before I'm "on." It figures that my Shadow would take the opportunity to make the most of the
situation, but as Guild initiations go, it really could be much worse. | hear that the Masquers have to literally put
themselves back together, and God only knows what the Artificers do, but word is that it involves getting up close
and personal with soulfire. It really could bea lot worse.

Oh, God, it's almost time.

Allright, here come the communion wafers. Sorry, Father Michael. God, if you really do exist, forgive me,
okay? Right. I'm in the drivers seat. With any luck Father Michael won't remember any of this. Luckily, | remem-
ber how its done. Just hand out the wafers, and as soon as Mitch shows, I can get this over with and let Father
Michael take over again. Mitch said he'd he in a blond guy wearing a red-and-white carnation in his buttonhole.
He said he'd be here. Where the hell is he? If I did this for nothing I'm gonna.... Oh, wait, there he is. Wouldn't it
just figure he'd be almost all the way at the back. Bastard.

Mitch, if you weren't a Master I'd pound you into plasm. Why couldn't he have sat at the front? Here he is. Its
really just bread after all, and not very good bread ar that. Now for the sleight of hand. We wouldn't want anyone
to notice anything strange. Yeah, strange like the priest getting struck down by lightning. Hand over the wafer, and
let it fall while no one is looking...

I did it! It's over, and no thunderbolts from Heaven. It's just lying there on the floor where Mitch kicked it
under the pew. Just a piece of bread, and you wouldn't recognize it unless you were looking for it. It's over with. Pll
just let Father Mike here take over now, and I can take off with Mitch to the celebration. Maybe tomorrow I'll

Skinride the governor and sign some laws or something.

Chapter One: No Strings Attached?


i

val //

the 19th century and redoubled when the current round of
hippies and New Agers started to die. Now, demographics in-
dicate that a sizeable minority of the Guild's members had a
penchant for crystal-waving before they died.

The things that most, if not all, Guild-signatory Puppe-
teers have in common are:

¢ A deep and abiding mistrust of Charon and the Hierar-
chy

© Contempt for the Dictum Mortuum

¢ A belief that the Proclamation of Reason was issued
under false pretenses

4464

Activities

By necessity, the Puppeteers hide their activities as well
as they can, but Skinriding leaves certain telltale signs be-
hind. Many of these signs concentrated in particular areas have
formed a pattern indicating that Guild members are working
in concert toward a goal.

~The Guild initiation tialisasmuchatest —

expected to keep silent about.

t

‘set for her When
occurs; the wraith is instantly

4
a
i
¢
3

i
i
bie
:

f
?

:


Among the more disturbing incidences I uncovered were
ones showing that Puppeteers have been systematically using
their arts on biologists and medical researchers. In the Bos-
ton area alone, I've found that a number of researchers at
MIT, Tufts, Massachusetts General Hospital, and Harvard
Medical School all show readily apparent signs of regular us-
age as hosts for Puppeteers. More prevalent, however, were
signs that members of the boards of these institutions, as well
as a number of individuals responsible for large grants to these
same research centers, had clearly been Skinridden on mul-
tiple occasions. In at least one case, this Skinriding could be
directly traced to a large grant that funded research into a
new class of antibiotic drugs.

When I mentioned this anomaly to one of my Renegade
sources, he made a cryptic remark about trying to even the
score. When I tried to get him to elaborate, he said, "Well, a
lot of us have been thinking how lucky it was for the Skeletal
Lord that AIDS came along right when it looked like they'd
licked just about every fatal disease a person could catch. And
then there's all those bugs that suddenly can't be killed by
medicines anymore. Funny how it all happened just when it
looked like the living doctors had put the Gaunt Legion on a
permanent diet. Of course, the Deathlords would never meddle,
I mean, hey, it's against their precious Dictum, so it must have
been luck — but luck like that changes." | found the allega-
tions so disturbing that I transcribed the statement verbatim
as soon as we finished speaking. I suggest that one of the Mar-
shals look into this.

As you told me at the beginning of this mission, it's long
been suspected that the Puppeteers have some connection to
the wraiths known as the Risen. Before I was
mission, I thought that these Risen were just legends; the idea
that any citizen would flout the Dictum Mortuum to the point
of re-animating his body sounded ridiculous, not to mention
impossible. The shocking fact is that, on this mission, I've
seen evidence of more than one of these "Risen," and conclu-
sive proof that high-ranking Puppeteers were involved in each
Dictum violation, as well. I believe that the Guild must even
be encouraging the practice of Rising, and that the practice is
either picking up or is more widespread than was previously
imagined.

In one instance (see Addendum #4: Evidence of Risen:
Rindge Avenue Incident), I came across a grave from which a
Risen had obviously just exhumed herself. It was in the cem-
etery on Rindge Avenue, which is surrounded by a fence with
barbed wire on top, of the sort that is angled to prevent people
from scaling the fence. As | was leaving the cemetery, after
investigating the grave, I noted that the wire had not been
set up to keep vandals from getting in; rather, it had been set
up to keep people from getting out. Admittedly, it could have
just been installed that way by mistake, but, in that context,
it did make me nervous — especially since a four-foot-long
section of said fence had simply been torn down.

assigned to this

6


What was even more disturbing was that there was no
effort on the part of the Guild to cover up the incident. Also,
one of those tabloid television crews showed up, with one
member of its crew clearly manifesting the signs of being a
host. After the reporters left, | made sure that an accident
befell their videotape. Luckily, most of the local media sim-
ply reported the incident as vandalism.

The most frightening aspect of the graveyard incident is
the blatant manipulation of the local media. Vampires have
long been known to maintain ties to local media outlets for
the precise reason of keeping that sort of news out of the pub-
lic eye. As a result, I was curious about how the Guild might
be sidestepping their control. The best explanation seems to
be that, while vampiric controls on mortals work well for long-
term behavioral patterns, they don't do much good to coun-
teract direct possession. As the soul in charge of the body at
that time isn't the one who has been conditioned to "behave,"
all of the vampire-induced controls are no good whatsoever.

On the other hand, vampires can't afford to ignore such
incidents. The source who directed me to the site of the Ris-
ing told me that the local vampire powers that be were send-
ing one of their ghouls to city hall to deal with the matter by
getting the stations that "sensationalized" the incident in
trouble with area government. I showed up in the office of
the appropriate official and Enshrouded myself in a corner;
I'm very glad I took the precaution, because, when the ghoul
showed up, she obviously wasn't completely herself. Things

went fairly well for the ghoul for the first 15 minutes, as the
aide she was talking to spent that time assuring her that he'd
give the matter top priority. Then the ghoul's passenger flexed
his muscles, and things degenerated rapidly. With a little help
from Master's Voice, she called the aide a "toadying lard-ass,"
and that was merely the beginning. Needless to say, her mis-
sion ended up a complete failure. My source later told me
that the ghoul's master more than lost his temper when he
found out what she'd done, and she ended up on the menu.
Oddly enough, apart from vampires (whom the Puppe-
teers seem to take a special delight in tweaking), the Guild
frequently avoids contact with any other supernatural beings.
Which is not to say that they are incapable of such contact
— I've experimented with my own powers, at times, in this
regard — rather, that any interaction with supernatural be-
ings is frowned upon by Guild higher-ups. My best guess is
that while vampiric nature is close enough to human norm
for Puppeteers to fake it reasonably well, werewolves and mages
are so wrapped up in their own esoteric existences that it's
more effort than it's worth to try to pretend to be "one of the
tribe." You can get by in a vampire on attitude; with mages
and werewolves, you actually have to know what you're talk-
ing about — and the inability to use magick, shapeshift and
so on immediately tags an overly cocky Puppeteer as an im-
postor. Skinriding these kinds of creatures isn't so bad and


Protecting Business

In Styga, the Guilds are officially outlawed. Unfortunately for the Deathlords,
ing itso isnt as simple as just saying so. The Guilds have and maintain
power because they control special commodities for which there

demand and b in prolessional friendships have grown up over the

One example of how the Guilds fun within Stygia is the case of

Pollack, a slaver who finaly stepped on too many toes in the Pittsburgh

Necropolis. The local Anacreon of the Emerald Legion, frustrated with the

vers excesses, took it upon himse a Monitor he knew for help

The Monitor qu covered that Ben f as the small business
he'd owned and op Fetter that could be
ht
acted the

Puppeteers — a ften do in such situations. Linda Howe, a recent recruit

with great promise, ed to the job. She attacked it with gusto.

Alter Howe had Skinridden a manger through a number of shouting tirades and
the accountant through a number of addition errors, several key employees
resigned in disgust, and the company made several serious financial blunders.
4 month later, the com

Y, ItS.assets were liquidated

and Ben had the worst Harrowing he d ever known. When he emerged at one

of his remain ns welcome 9

can certainly be eye-opening, as werewolves are almost walk-
ing fonts of Pathos (if you're the sort who can feed on anger).

Changelings are a different case entirely. Guild policy
forbids even Skinriding fae, except in the most dire
ci

emergen-

The prohibition is less a matter of policy and more in
the nature of a public service announcement, as Skinriding a
changeling produces adverse side effects up to and including
strengthening the Puppeteer's Shadow. A Pardoner acquain-
tance of mine claims that this effect is just punishment for
meddling with something truly innocent. My own take on
the matter is that changelings are not quite human, and, as
such, there's a fundamental incompatibility between our souls
and theirs. Regardless, it's a matter for the folks in R&D to
worry about.

The long and short of the matter is that direct Skinriding
of most supernatural beings is more trouble than it's worth.
What most Puppeteers prefer to do when circumstances ne-
cessitate involvement with such creatures is to possess nor-
mal mortals in the vicinity, thus facilitating communication
and cooperation without risking disaster.

Contacts

Most of the contacts that the Puppeteers have are among

Renegades, but access to the Guild is not available to any

Enfant who's just joined a gang. Renegades who have been
around and eluded the Legions for some time tend to have
Puppeteer connections. Puppeteers also have very good rela-
tions with other illegal Guild organizations, in particular the
Monitors, Haunters, Proctors and Spooks. Heretic Cults, in-
cluding the Brothers of the Shroud and the Tempest Path,
seem to be tight with the Puppeteers as well.

The Guild survives by making itself useful to (and doing
a, and

favors for) every sizeable group of Renegades in the arez

it seems to be their modus operandi everywhere. It seemed,
everywhere | went, there were people who were in debt to
the Puppeteers. Often, Guildwraiths trade their services for
oboli, but it is not unusual for them to perform favors for promi-
nent Renegades in exchange for future considerations. In one
recent incident of this sort, they performed certain services
for the local Renegade, Erik (File #102470), after his Shadow
had done something particularly nasty. I've been unable to
garner exact details, but apparently, the situation had some-
thing to do with a former coworker, and the cleanup involved
bodysnatching a couple of members of the police department.
I'm not sure what the going rate for bailing out living friends
is, but apparently his feeling is that it was worth whatever he
paid. The general conclusion that can be drawn from this
episode, however, is that the Guild continues to do a brisk
trade in oboli and exchanged services with any wraith who

can find the Puppeteers.

Chapter One: No Strings Attached? 17


A number of Heretic Cults actively hide Puppeteers from
potential enemies. These groups are often cults that advo-
cate interaction with the living and other violations of the
Dictum Mortuum. The Puppeteers, in turn, treat these cults
much the same as the Renegades. Some Puppeteers are even
actively involved in said cults and justify their activities in
them as religiously mandated, even when such actions put
their hosts in danger.

History tells us that the only reason Charon ever coun-
tenanced the existence of the Puppeteers Guild was its affili-
ation with the other Guilds at a time when he did not have
the power to disband the various groups or to take any action
that might have pitted them all against him. It is that affilia-
tion, in part, that allows them to survive to this day.

The only Guild that Puppeteers do not have at least
friendly relations with is the Pardoners, though the need each
Guild has for the other's services mandates at least polite re-
lations in public. Most Pardoners who have had their lantern
hanging for more that a few years have gotten very tired of
seeing clients who use Puppetry; I've had this problem my-
self, even though I'm a Centurion. There's something to it
beyond the fact of Puppeteers darkening Pardoners' doorsteps
too often, though. Skinriding is habit forming. When you
Skinride, you literally become the person; it's like being alive
again, and you never want to leave. A lot of young wraiths
spend more time 'riding than they spend in the Shadowlands,
and when you're inside bodies for that long, its very hard to
resist the urge to take over, at least in the small ways. Before
you know it, you can be walking around and talking instead
of quietly 'riding, and then your Shadow sneaks up on you
when you're too wrapped up in the world of the Quick to
remember that you're not one of them.

Sorry. Personal reminiscence crept in there.

It is also the seduction of the body that leads some to use
Obliterate the Soul. After a point, some Skinriders can't deal
with the fact that they'll have to leave a body sooner or later,
and that's when these Puppeteers take one for themselves. If
killing the mortal in question weren't bad enough, it seems,
from the figures I've gathered, that roughly a third of the
wraiths who use this art on a regular basis become Spectres
within a year. These facts aren't lost on the Pardoners, who
have about as much tolerance for Puppeteers as workers in a
rehab clinic have for the local crack dealers.

There is one Guild with whom the Puppeteers have a
special relationship: the Monitors. From the number of un-
blinking eyes I saw in the vicinity when I spoke, I suspect the
two groups are working closely together. Best guess from avail-
able evidence is that the Monitors use Puppeteer agents to
alter Fetters directly, while the Puppeteers rely on Monitor

assistance to aid in their subversive programs with Risen and

such.


‘ oe "Living Death to is Fullest

2. *__ Here's Andrea now.-She's my favorite host, a ‘corporate lawyer with-the career and the. ois ; 7
\- never had whent was alive. Her-hair really is naturally blond, and she looks ‘great with itup i in-a- /
\_ French twist, | still hayen't figured out how. she does it,.and I ve been insidle her as: she' 's been doing _ |

) _ it six times now. Ah, well. Vil just slip inside while she's getting | Teady. for her dates. ae
\ 1, umm; mean, Andrea. looks-great.1 The little black dress, the stockings, the heels. If only.l'd_ 4
} been a size six when: was ative! The expensive makeup certainly makes a difference too, not like:
) She really needs it: Oh; there's the doorbell, that must be Conner. I can' twait to see this-guy; its a.

L blind date‘for me. ‘She's openingt the door now. Ooh! Not bad; and he brought us roses. Pink, so —

ae "he's not being too pushy. We' Te doing well — he's got. good hair, a cute face and it looks like a really

Ee ~ promising body under those expensive clothes. Things ‘are definitely. looking good. Too bad

|

d

{

]

~-leFe-to0 fat and aly | to get guys like=this. Connet would neat. Igo at - "make Peony asked: your: {
i y i

|

i

(

7 opinfon.
}- "His car is a BMW; onl

it downtown. Itisoks like oe {really ‘going all the 1 ways rd

| ‘cause we're eating at the Julieri He' snot doing things by halves. Thebest thing about being dead. f
is getting to go to places like this. The problém with. ordinary wraiths. is they keep bitching about ~

} -being dead, but | look atit this way: Before | died; -itwas a big treat to goto Ea restaurant where-the -

} Waitresses spoke English. Now, I get to go to places where the waiters speak French: Oh, shit, she's = |
| = looking atthe salads. She's probably contemplating not getting a real entrée: LOOK THERE. Good; ~~ 4
| she's ordering the swordfish:-Ate you: going to. get. het <dtunk: toot Wantto-maKe | et ofdet-

+». champagne. And what if'do? There'snothing wrong with a lifflealcoh atleast Bey Neves
"fo. eet a Tid, not like Some teorle. Just shut up scape ace Just shi

ee ready to take over hert;or all we'll end' up with is a cup of Bin oS & : ! 4 i
| CAKE, PLEASE." D-o you hive any idea. how much tine Gyan you just ee fa On-y_ 4}
\
|

116 thank: goodfiess she "has the willpower to ‘SICK: to it, unlike Cetin reorle ihe neve st Te. og Het ‘cule

son a diet, Miss: Size h, Just-Shur. Up: = - 3

f That was the best mealt've had in a whi , al light i isyoung. We't go.bac ie pAndteaes

| -place,-we'll put onsome romantic music, have a drink or twocand see where thirigs | lead. Conner is™
‘such a good looking guy.. ‘Hey, why.does Andrea keep looking outthe window. | If she keeps this up
he's going to think she'snot interested or Something. ‘Andrea; oget with the' program, you're in atar ©

_ with a.rich, great-looking guy. Don't blow this! Are yOu. pla : hard to get? I pony eu me you're .

. not interested i in this guy; that would be-crazy. © :

_ Alright, : Andrea; -we're back at_your place. Do us both favor and invite: owsiee up fal a

I - drink. Don'tbe a nioron, you have to.want-to see Conner without his shirt on as much asI do. Oh,

\... shit, she's saying goodnight! "NO, WAIT. WON'T: YOU COME IN?"So, you're Completely in dg

» cof het mow. Flapry? Ulhat's she going to think inthe mofning whenshe wakes up.and Tealizes that she slept"

» "with Ns guy whom: she obviously Can't stand —of weren't you paying attention: to anything other than the

| food and his face? Yourte a-fat, pathetic nympho, And what you're doing is 35 good Bs Tape. You're blowing

j "this completely out of proportion: She was just-having an off night-She‘d thank me in the morning, _-

|
1 - af
| "if she kitew what was going on. It's not Re Tdon't tare ‘What al: her, rm make him weara - (
} condom: i : mt y /
|
j
"

a
Chapter One: No ring Attached? 19

The man in the television crew van was not the only
member of the media I saw who was a host. In the attached,
detailed reports, you will find that I observed three television
reporters, five cameramen, twelve researchers and two mem-
bers of the Herald staff who were all hosts at one time or an-
other. Cross-referencing my findings with those of research-
ers in other Necropoli, I noted a disturbing trend. Puppeteer
involvement in the media is not a localized phenomenon,
but rather appears to be blossoming all across the country,
and up into Canada as well. Furthermore, there are multiple
reports of an intense Puppeteer involvement in the creation
of new television shows and movies through strong Guild pres-
ence in Los Angeles and Hollywood.

I must state that I have not developed a hypothesis ex-
plaining the origin of this move toward media involvement,
primarily because of the puzzling nature of the sorts of stories
with which the Puppeteers were interfering. There was very
little possession of reporters and crew during coverage of the
upcoming election, or of financial or sports news. Most of the
Skinriding seemed to be taking place in relation to human
interest stories and local news items. The resulting reports
sounded more like tabloid material than usual, and several
made passing reference to supposed miracles or angels.

The media trend does, however, fit in with the increas-
ing numbers of New Agers in the Guild. I doubt that this
program is just a case of these crystal-wavers merely pursuing
their mortal interests. The older Guild members have effec-
tively killed any number of activities that would have drawn
too much attention to the Guild, and yet, the program of
media manipulation has not been challenged. This must mean
that the program is condoned at the highest levels of the Guild.
The implications are fascinating, but, unfortunately,
ill-defined as of yet.

Heresies

Every Puppeteer I managed to talk to claimed to be very
concerned about the Quick, especially any of his consorts.
While this expressed concern is admirable, meddling across
the Shroud on behalf of any of the Quick is expressly forbid-
den by law, and for good reason. What benefits one mortal,
after all, almost inevitably hurts another. Needless to say, the
Dictum doesn't stop the Puppeteers from doing it on a regular
basis, nor is their meddling always beneficial. Two hosts I came
across died as a result of being Skinridden (though they did
expire after the Puppeteers had left their bodies), and five
more were either committed or voluntarily admitted to psy-
chiatric facilities. Without exception, the Puppeteers I met
said that it was their duty to help the Quick, even when con-
fronted with these statistics. Such occurrences were dismissed

Guildbook: Puppeteers
ROS 4

as "unfortunate accidents," and the hoary cliché about om-
elets and eggs was brought up any number of times. Some
even alluded to a large project the Puppeteers were working
on that would benefit both the living and the Dead, but the
details of this grand work were sadly lacking.

Heretical Puppeteers often take their common "respon-
sibility" to the living to religious extremes. A few as much as
told me that God had chosen them to remain behind to help
the living, and one even hinted that he had been tapped to
serve as divine retribution on evil mortals. These fanatics are
in the minority, but a sizeable minority it is. It is only their
awe of the Puppet Masters — higher-ups in the Guild with
broad disciplinary powers — that keeps them in line. They
speak of someone named Colin, who apparently runs not only
the New England portion of the Guild, but Ontario, Quebec,
and the Maritime Provinces of Canada, as well. The Heretics
in the Guild seem to believe that the Guild's elites, who man-
age certain geographical areas, are akin to angels, and they
speak of the High Masters, the three wraiths who run the
Guild, as if they are saints.

On local levels, the Puppeteers seem to hew to the stan-
dard configuration of Apprentice-Journeyman-Master, at least
in terms of quantifying their skills. Beyond that, Guild struc-
ture is quite loose in individual Necropoli, and each Puppe-
teer is free to cut her own deals, so long as they don't endan-
ger the whole. It is only when danger threatens — say, a pa-
trol gets too nosy or a favorite host is threatened — that one
can observe concerted actions on the part of the Guild. Such
actions are usually very brief and extremely efficient — and
whatever combination of Puppeteers and their allies performs
them fades back into the woodwork as soon as the job is fin-
ished.

Even the nonreligious members of the Guild are in awe
of someone code-named Marionette, who apparently sits over
the High Masters and the regional leaders alike. The more
practical Puppeteers speak of the risks that the Masters take
by virtue of their position, especially in light of Hierarchy
"persecutions." This awe is apparently also reinforced by hav-
ing all Puppeteers learn the most advanced arts of their
Arcanos directly from one of the regional elites. This system
gives each Puppeteer of a certain skill level a direct connec-
tion to someone in a position of real power.

The local Puppeteers all seem very attached to Colin.
One young wraith whom I talked with was speculating about
the possibility of New England becoming a separate region,
and she wondered who could possibly be up to filling Colin's
shoes. She was the least closed-mouthed of the Guildwraiths
I spoke to, and she gave me the one hint to this Colin's iden-
tity that I could manage: Whoever this Colin is, he's based in
Canada. Unfortunately, after that conversation, I was no
longer able to use Marie as a source. She apparently had a
nasty Harrowing shortly after we spoke and kept to herself
from that point onward.


I firmly believe that Marie's Harrowing was no coinci-
dence. The Puppeteers may present themselves as the protec-
tors of the Quick and the friends of all Renegades, but they
are not the Red Cross or even Greenpeace. They can be ruth-
less, especially when it comes to keeping their secrets.

The day after Marie dropped out of sight, I had a visit
from a woman in a suit. From her accent, she lived and died
in Southie. She "suggested" to me that I should stop looking
into her friends' business. She went on to say that people who
didn't know when to butt out and mind their own business
might find themselves having long conversations with their
Shadows. There were other threats too, but I found I was
mesmerized watching this woman talk. There was something
disturbing about it that I couldn't quite place. Her accent was
strictly local and unremarkable, as was her choice of words,
and she showed none of the strange mannerisms that would
have marked her as a Puppeteer. Finally, I realized what it we
about her that had been bothering me: She never blinked. I'd
been visited by a Monitor.

The next day, I did some snooping around in some of the
places in the Skinlands that Marie had mentioned in passing,
because I wondered what had shaken up the Guild enough to
send in the big guns. I don't know what to make of the things
I found. There was a room in a storage warehouse that I dis-
covered [See Attachment #36 for the address], filled with a
strange collection of objects. There were purses, jewelry, toys,
letters, bric-a-brac, sports equipment (baseball bats were com-
mon), and other miscellaneous objects. Everything was small
enough to carry, and most of it was small enough to hide in a
pocket. There were traces of dark-brownish aura around most
of these objects, the same shade one often sees around par-
ticularly depraved vampires. Furthermore, while I'm no ex-
pert on Lifeweb, every last item felt like a Fetter — almos
The feeling was indescribably disturbing. I didn't stay long, as
I found the place unnerving. The Shroud was nearly nonex-
istent in there, and I was getting a feeling similar to when I
get too close to an incipient Nihil.

Three days after the visit from the Monitor, I was forced
to terminate my investigation, as a result of my primary Fet-
ter being destroyed in an extremely suspicious fire. Now that
I have recovered from the subsequent Harrowing and com-
pleted my report, I hereby request a transfer to other duties,
pending your receipt of this document. | respectfully request
that you assign someone else to any further investigations.

etters

It would seem that a Puppeteer who had
lost all of his Fetters would be out of luck. The
Guild's Renegade leanings would make such a
wraith unwelcome in Stygia, and Puppetry isn't
much good when there's no one around but
other wraiths. However, Puppeteers without

tters aren't without resources.

Many retreat to isolated communities on
the River of Death, where they accept students
and hide out from Hierarchy patrols. Others do
make their way into the Imperial City and blend
in with the innumerable wraiths who dwell
there. Some cut deals with the Monitors, whom
these Puppeteers pay in services for the main-
tenance of temporary Fetters until such time as
new ones (such as an especially beloved con-
sort) develop.

hose are the comforting facts. There are
other, less comforting rumors. There are some
stories that elder Puppeteers have developed
Artifacts that allow them to reach across the
Tempest as well, so that they can touch the
mortal world from anywhere in the Underworld.
Even more disturbing are the persistent tales
that the elders of the Guild have discovered
methods of modifying their arts to affect other
wraiths. Both Hierarchy officials "in the know"
and Guild representatives pooh-pooh these ru-
mors, which is why the rest of the Underworld

is so worried.


Chapter Two:

~ Waiting

e History ofthe Puppeteer

"You're obviously suffering from a severe emotional distur-
bance. We must try to unravel this fantasy."
"Tt is not a fantasy."
"Of course it isn't."
"Do you believe me?"
"To you it isn't a fantasy."
— Terry Nation, Blake's Seven, "The Way Back"
mm| octor Nina Peguero tossed the last of the
j| tapes into a battered cardboard box. The
plastic casings rattled as she picked up the
box and pulled her black leather purse
onto her shoulder. She hesitated, then slid
the newspaper clipping on her desk into
the box, on top of the tapes. The words
"Mental Patient Takes 10-Story Dive" stood out to her like

Of

an accusation, and she looked away. Today, the familiar and
comfortable bookshelves and chairs of her office seemed dis-
tant and cold.

Nina left her office and hoped her secretary had gone
home already, but Maryel Hinman still sat at her cluttered
metal desk. Maryel's Van Gogh print appeared to stare down
at her as she typed up a reimbursement form.

"Good night, Maryel."
hoarse.

Nina's voice was subdued and

"Good night, Nina. Umm, do you want to go have a drink
or something? Maybe talk about it?" Maryel's fingers hovered
over her keyboard.

Nina smiled, somehow. "No, thanks. Yuji will be expect-
ing me for dinner, and you know how worried he gets if I'm
not home on time. I'll see you tomorrow." She turned her
back to Maryel and closed her fingers on the cold metal of
the door handle. It was stiff today, and she had trouble turn-
ing it.

Chapter Two: Waiting for Fate 23


Tape 2, Side |, at 20 minutes, 48 seconds: Belief

[The man's voice begins soft, polite, hesitant. After several
moments it changes abruptly, becoming harsh. The woman speaks
only rarely, and her voice is cool and detached — clinical.]

(Note: Dr. Peguero also mentioned that the temperature in
the room dropped markedly during the course of the conversation,
though, obviously, there is no record of this on the tape. M.H.]

"Oh, my parents were Catholic. They
raised me Catholic, too, although I was
never as devout as they were. I' ve always
believed in God, I just never really had
the time for church. Besides, although I
believe, I'm not sure I agree with all of
the Church' s practices—

"If it weren't for the Christians it
would be a lot easier for me to talk to
you. Christianity is a fine thing in gen-
eral, but not for a Puppeteer. We had a
perfectly nice deal going before they came
along with their exorcisms. It was ac-
cepted that people would interact with the
Dead. Ghosts were a fact of life, as it
were, and most people respected us. [ laugh-
ter] Just try getting that kind of respect
now. Lately, people tell our, ah, friends,
that they' re nuts and need to be drugged.
Do you have any idea how much haloperidol
they put in this body when it first got to
the hospital? Hallucinations and delusions,
they told him! It's a crime! Not that you' re
likely to agree with me on this one, of
course, Doc, but you did want me to tell
you about everything.

‘There' s this thing called the Shroud,
see.... Oh, Hell, I'11 explain that one
later. Anyway, the more the living believe
in us and in our ability to interact with
them, the easier it is to do so. Chris-
tianity turned away from that belief, and
more than anyone else, my people suffered
for it. It was quite a shock, let me tell
you — we didn' t pay much attention to this
religion when it first popped up. We were
fools, and we paid for that foolishness.

"First, Christians claimed we were de-
mons when we took over people, and now,
most of them say ghosts don't exist at
all. They say we all go off to Heaven or
Hell, or maybe purgatory, when we die. But
it just ain't so, Doc. There's only the
Shadowlands, and the Tempest and a few
places like Stygia. I see I'm losing you

24 Guildbook: Puppeteers

again. [ coughing] Christianity has caused
us more problems than any other single
thing — except Charon and his bloody Dic-
tum. But I' 11 explain that later, too.

"Now, Eastern religions are often much
friendlier toward us. Ancestor worship is
the way to go, let me tell you. I' ve often
wished that I'd died into the Jade King-
dom. Few people there are as closed to the
idea of wraiths as people in the Western
world are."

O--o-- ——

Tape 2 Sle Lat at 38:16: arn and the Dictum
Mortuum

"Charon? I don' t remember talking about
anyone named Charon. Wasn't he a mytho-
logical figure who ferried souls across
the River Styx? It's been a long time since
I studied mythology, unfortunately. I used
to love it. Buried myself in it, you might
say. [chair scraping along floor] I was
something of a loner when I was little —
that's a polite way of saying I was a nerd
— and so I spent most of my time at the
local—

"Charon. Mister I-was-chosen-by-the-
Lady-of-Fate Ferryman himself. Bloody ir-
ritant. He and his Dictum Mortuum have
made life very difficult for the Puppe-
teers; if I could find him, I'd Harrow him
myself — assuming he hasn't already been
destroyed, of course. Good riddance to bad
rubbish, I say, though the Deathlords aren' t
much better. Sure, they' re willing to use
Puppetry for their own purposes when it
suits them. But officially, we' re still
persona non grata in Stygia. Charon made
interfering with the living in any way
inherently a crime. I' ve never heard any-
thing more ridiculous in my life! The Pup-
peteers Guild in Stygia under Charon was a
joke; even Charon used us now and then,
but he detested us.

"Have you ever heard of Richard
McConnaughey? Ah, I see by your face that
you have. Marvelous man, eh? My many-times-
great grandchildren grew up watching his
TV shows and movies. He put a smile on the
faces of children the world ' round. Is it
a crime for him to keep doing so after

x > \

7 OT .

= ~— S
ZAM

he's died? What's wrong with wanting to
make people happy? But if they catch him,
they' 11 turn him into a flagstone. Just
for making your seven-year-old girl laugh.

"Don' t look so surprised. I know a lot
about you. Old Horne here may be locked up
in a mental institution, but I still get
out. You look skeptical, of course, but
that will change. You' re still recording
these things, right? Good. If nothing else
makes it, those tapes have to survive. The
Hierarchy may silence me, but if they don't
know about the tapes, then my words will
go on. That's all that matters."

Tape 4 Side 2, at 32:02: Renegades and Heretics

"I just want this to stop, Doctor
Peguero. Words start coming out of my mouth
and I can't stop them, and it's frighten-
ing. It makes me feel helpless, and I hate
feeling helpless. Reminds me of that time
in third grade when the class bully, Chad—
oh, thank you Miss Hinman. I'd love some
tea. Thank you. Yes, cream and sugar would
be lovely. Anyway, as I was saying—

"Tea. I used to hate tea, you know, but
now almost any sensation is wonderful. Earl
Grey! You are indeed a gracious hostess.
Where was I? It's so hard to remember with
these once-a-day sessions. Renegades, you

say? I was going to explain Renegades?
Well, that's easy. They' re the good guys.
"Okay, that's overly simplistic. Some

Renegades are brutal, cruel. Some are pi-
rates or highway robbers, and they' re all
criminals. But the worst of them is better
than any Stygian Deathlord. Stygia is civi-
lized, they say, organized. Organized what,
I ask? Organized horror, maybe. Organized
torture. Organized pain. Any civilization
has to have rules, but theirs are insane.
The Guilds have been outlawed, but most
intelligent people know they still exist.
Stygia needs them to survive, and yet be-
longing to them can get you forged into
fenceposts. Does that make any sense? Of
course not.

"Besides the Renegades, there are Her-
etics, who are just another breed of Ren-
egade. Charon outlawed the Heretics be-
cause they were promising Heaven to the

masses, then shipping them off and using |
them as slaves, or worse. Not all Heretics
of course, just some. But, in his usual
heavy-handed fashion, Charon outlawed them
all. Some Heretics are nuts — fanatics who
believe Heaven is somewhere along another
Byway. Some are really great people, though.
For all that I say about resenting Chris- |
tianity, many Christians are really nice t
people; it's unfortunate to see them, as
well as members of other religions, perse-
cuted just because they want to believe in
something. On the other hand,
every religion have been persecuted for as
long as there have been religions, in the
land of the living almost as much as in
the land of the Dead. So what else is
new?"

OOOO

Nina slogged through the early spring mud to her cobalt-
blue Cadillac and fished in her purse for her keys. A few drops
of rain spattered her windshield as she slid into the driver's
seat, and she started, hitting her head on the top of the car.
Pain spiked briefly into her shoulders and then receded. She
carefully placed the box on the passenger seat, then laid her
head back, as she felt the tension that pulled her shoulders up
toward her ears. Nothing had gone right this year.

A few more raindrops turned into a downpour, and the
rain cascaded onto the windshield. One drop blurred into the
next until it sounded like waves against stone. With her eyes
closed, she could almost taste the salt, hear the sharp cries of
gulls. Horne had liked the sea, hadn't he? Something about
ships and naval warfare. Suddenly, the ocean was gone, and
all she could see was his body, splayed and naked, blood sprayed
in a carnal sunset on the pavement. She sighed and opened
her eyes, pulled herself up and turned the key in the ignition. *

Tape 5, Side I, 16:00: The Guilds

"You told me these medications would
get rid of the delusions, Doctor Peguero,
but it keeps happening. You said you'd
help me! Maybe I should get a second opin-
ion. No, I don't want to calm down. I'm
tired of sitting here and listening to
myself tell you these strange fictions. I
wish I could come up with this kind of
material when I was feeling like myself; I
could write all sorts of stories, maybe
make some extra money to pay for these
sessions—

Chapter Two: Waiting for Fate 25

people of {


"Guilds. I was going to tell you some-
thing about Guilds. Well, that's an inter-
esting story. Most of the Guilds would
tell you they formed of their own voli-
tion, that it was all their own idea. I'm
going to tell you a different story.

"It was Charon who wanted us organized.
He claimed he wanted us to be protected,
to feel a part of Stygian society. That's
bull. He wanted to watch us. He wanted to
know who had which Arcanoi just by watch-
ing who met with whom and where they went.
Official Guild history says we were formed
in the early 11th century by a mysterious
wraith who called himself ‘The Puppet Mas-
ter.' One Hell of an ego, if you ask me.
Anyway, he was Charon' s lackey; Charon tol-
erated us as long as he had enough infor-
mation on us. I doubt he ever intended to
keep his word in the long run. I expect he
wanted to wait until he thought he could
take us down without a fight.

"Puppet Master's origins were never
clear, but there were several stories. There
were whispers at first that he had ties to
the Laughing Lady, but no one could prove
it. It was clear that he had some involve-
ment with the Hierarchy, but he claimed it
to be an advantage, that he'd be able to
accomplish more because they trusted him.
There was a rumor that one of the Deathlords
had killed Puppet Master's wife, but I
suspect he spread that rumor himself to
drum up more support. There's no one a
Puppeteer trusts more than someone who has
reason to hate the Hierarchy. I heard a
new rumor a few decades back — that he was
a descendent of Charon himself, and that
he was the only one Charon would trust
with a group as dangerous as our Guild —
but I have no idea how much credence to
give it.

"Puppet Master is supposed to have been
tall and handsome, strong, imposing. They
say he was charming, that he believed his
own lies so strongly you couldn' t help but
think he was telling the truth. They say
if he told you the Tempest was a child's
playground, you' d believe him. These days,
they call people like that sociopaths. Then
again, no one ever said the qualities that
make a good leader make a good man. I have
the impression he was always on the verge

26 Guildbook: Puppeteers

of losing control of the Guild. Given that
he was trying to keep us out of conflict
with Charon, the fact that his grip was
shaky is no surprise. Also not surprising
is the fact that it was during this time
we got along best with the other Guilds.
Despite all of my disgust for Puppet Mas-
ter, even I have to give him credit for
keeping the peace as long as he did. Even
he, however, couldn' t keep it forever.
"There was a Guild called the Artifi-
cers, who did the soulforging. They had a
great deal of power, which almost everyone
agreed was a bad thing. From 1096 to 1354,
the Guilds fought, as many of them tried
and failed to oust the Artificers from
their virtual throne. This was the War of
the Guilds. We took part in this struggle
but not as violently as some of the other
Guilds. There was a lot of backstabbing
and treachery going on, and many of our
people took refuge in more remote parts of
the Shadowlands, away from Stygia. Like I
said, our Guildmaster was a puppet for
Charon, and Charon favored the Artificers.
They were the ones who provided him with
all the materials he needed to build up
Stygia and extend the reach of his power.
We were told it wasn't really our busi-
ness, that we should concentrate on the
Quick and leave the politicking to others.
What a load of bull. Some of us were more
active in the war than others, but anyone
Puppet Master caught getting a little too
active went to the Artificers as a neatly
wrapped gift. Or so they say. Maybe if
we'd had a leader who didn't work for
Charon, we could have tipped the balance,
and things would be a lot different today.
"Our alliance with the Monitors — ghosts
who keep track of the things that tie us
to the real world — cemented during the
war. It was a natural pairing, when you
think about it. They' re also intrinsically
involved with the Skinlands — the real
world to you — and with the Quick, and
they too suffered Charon's persecution. A
number of Puppeteers went over to the Moni-
tors when they discovered that Puppet Mas-
ter was going to make us sit out the war,
and we lost some great talent. The Moni-
tors quietly invited any Puppeteers who
wanted to fight back to join in, in return

for favors. They knew most of us didn't
like Puppet Master' s policies.

"We always had problems with the Par-
doners, on the other hand. Dealing with
the land of the living can be a dicey
thing, and some people don't handle it
very well. Being in the wrong place at the
wrong time can send you screaming right
over the edge. If you think it's bad being
nearby when some whacko decides to off his
family, it's even worse when you' re
Skinriding one of the relevant people. The
Pardoners think the solution to this prob-
lem is not to Skinride anyone. That's like
saying we shouldn' t swim because there's a
chance we might drown. They used the fact
that Puppet Master wasn't letting us fight
back to take out a few of our good people
‘accidentally.' They weren' t expecting the
Monitors to help us do our fighting, and
the Pardoners paid for their actions. Still,
the Pardoners and the Artificers were al-
ways tight.

"The Artificers continued to grow in
power. Guilds not allied with the
soulforgers continued to suffer unfortu-
nate ‘accidents,' and so, in 1354, the
Compact of the Guilds was ratified. It
called for a Council of Guilds to be formed
— led by the Artificers, Charon's pets, of
course. Naturally, we signed it; Charon
would have loved an excuse to exterminate
us, and we weren't quite ready to give it
to him. It wasn't long, however, before we
thought we were.

"Eventually came the Breaking of the
Guilds. The Compact had worked against
Charon by unifying the Guilds, and we,
along with the rest of the Guilds, decided
we couldn' t deal with him and his Dictum
any more. Puppet Master was still extol-
ling the Hierarchy's virtues, but there
was enough dissent by then that even he
had to give in — or so it seemed.

"We tried to oust Charon, but some of
the Guilds were betrayed by other Guilds —
and the Puppeteers, I suspect, were undone
by our beloved Puppet Master — so we failed.
It was all the excuse Charon needed to
hunt us down and forge us all. Of course,
quite a few of us got away, and the real
Puppeteers Guild was the result. We be-
came, primarily, a Guild of Renegades,

thanks to the nature of our Arcanos and
the laws of Stygia, but a few remained in
Stygia to keep an eye on things and look
for likely recruits. And because the Pup-
pet Master disappeared mysteriously dur-
ing the revolt, we didn't have to worry
about him any more. I personally suspect
he ran home to Charon, who probably ‘re-
warded' him appropriately for failing his
task.

"A woman — a Renegade — calling herself
Marionette rose up from the ranks of our
Guild to take his place. Since then, all
our leaders have taken the name of Mari-
onette to honor her wise leadership — or
so they say. I think they' re just cashing
in on her reputation, myself, as well as
the confusion it generates because none of
the other Guilds can be entirely sure when
we change leadership. Marionette was from
Greece. She was a farmer's daughter who
disguised herself as a man so she could
become a soldier. She must have died in
battle, because she had one Hell of a scar
across her face. She certainly would have
been wasted on a farm, but then again, she

was wasted on the battlefield, too, ina
manner of speaking. Her best field was
politics. More on her later, though.

"The Decree of the Breaking made it
illegal to be a member of a Guild, and yet
it became obvious Stygia couldn' t survive
without the Guilds. So, the Hierarchy made |!
it clear that allowing them to find out
you were a Guild member was the illegal
act; as long as they didn't know and we
didn't do anything against them, they
wouldn' t look too hard. Believe it or not,
most Stygians still think the Guilds don' t t
exist. Have you ever heard of a more ri-
diculous arrangement? In my opinion, Charon
was a loon. Certainly a class-A fanatic,
at the least."
<<

Nina shivered as she came to a stop at a light. She turned
the heater up and glanced at the box. What was she going to
do with the tapes? Adrian Horne had wanted her to publish
them somehow, to let other people hear them. She knew there
was no point to it, that they were just the deluded ramblings
of a very sick man, but he'd been so certain of himself that
even her faith had been shaken. For a moment she was
tempted, but she was going to have enough trouble reestab-


ae
NS a

lishing her reputation after what had happened. She didn't
need the kind of problems those tapes would give her.

A horn honked, startling her. Green light scattered
through the drops on her windshield, then passed over and
behind her as she pressed the ball of her foot against the ac-
celerator. Perhaps she would keep the tapes in storage for a
few months, then listen to them again. Surely then she'd re-
alize how ridiculous it all was. Then she'd be able to throw
them out. Then maybe the guilt would go away.

Tape 7, Side |, B55: Maelstroms and Abomtinations

"Can I have access to a typewriter,
Doctor Peguero? I want to start writing
down some of this material. One of the
people on my wing claims to be a pub-
lisher. If he's telling the truth, I may
actually be able to sell this stuff. I'm
bound and determined to get something out
of this. So far, it's just gotten me stuck
in this bloody — oh, heck, that's one of
his words, isn't it? — in this hospital.
He did everything he could to drive my
friends and relatives away, and now, there's
so little left. I won't let him leave me
with nothing. I won' t—

"In 1347, the Second Maelstrom hit the
lands of the Dead; the Plague had fallen
upon Europe. We did what we could,
Skinriding doctors to help them fight it,
Skinriding men on the street to make them
kill the small animals we figured were
carrying the disease, but it wasn' t enough.
And, of course, since it wasn't a huge,
visible defense against the Spectres that
came then, and since we couldn't exactly
go to Charon and say, ‘Look what we did!'
without getting locked in chains, we were
seen as The-Guild-That-Did-Nothing, which
couldn' t have been further from the truth.

"If anything, the Plague hurt us more
than the others, and we had more incentive
to help. The others concentrated on pro-
tecting Stygia; we were almost the only
ones who bothered to help the Quick. Even
the Monitors went into hiding. It hurt
like Hell to watch the people we needed
dying by the thousands and to be able to
do so little to help.

"In the early 1500s came the First Abomi-
nation, in which Renegades stormed the walls
of Stygia and seized, among other Arti-

28 Guildbook: Puppeteers

facts, the Spear of Longinus. Some say our
people took it and still keep it safe, but
I won't say one way or the other. Some
knowledge is meant to remain secret. We
were certainly involved in the attack; who
had more reason to hate Charon than us? I
mean, we even worked with the Fishers on
that one — we disliked the guy that much.
I will tell you this for free, though — we
took a few other things when we left, things
most wraiths haven' t heard about. We took
a sword some have called Excalibur, a beau-
tifully worked statue of Shiva, and a Gre-
cian urn with a detailed painting of Artemis
on a hunt. On the rare occasions when I
had the honor of seeing one of these pieces,
it gave me great pleasure to know that we
have them, and the Hierarchy does not.

"The Second Abomination was the Break-
ing of the Guilds, and that I've already
told you about. The Third Abomination was
the destruction of the Kingdom of Obsidian
by various Heretics and Renegades. Emo-
tions and conflict had been running too
high for too long, and it really wasn't
surprising that it boiled over. It's too
bad a whole Kingdom had to pay for Charon' s
pigheadedness. I had friends who went over
to the Obsidian Kingdom in an attempt to
get away from the Hierarchy, but things
there went just as bad. Finding out they
hadn' t escaped after all was too much for
them, and they lost control. Who could
blame them?

"Next came the Third Great Maelstrom.
It was entirely due to wraithly activi-
ties: the hatred and rage that built up
during the Abominations brought it on.
Again, it was a result of the Hierarchy' s
policies; Stygia brought it on themselves.
If the bonds are tied too tight, then those
who are bound must break free. Slaves
shouldn' t stay slaves simply because someone
might be hurt by their attempt at freedom.
Charon should have realized such a thing
would happen when he first declared the
Dictum Mortuum.

"The First World War brought on the
Fourth Maelstrom. We didn't do as much to
help that time — we were busy fleeing the
grief, rage and hatred that were generated
in previously unheard-of quantities in the
Skinlands. We could hardly stand to be

near the Quick, let alone inside of their
skins. And why should we help the Hierar-
chy, anyway? What had they done for us? We
protected our own, and that was enough.
The Fifth Maelstrom, brought on by the
Second World War, was much the same. We
thought ourselves better prepared that time,
but it wasn' t enough. Lance Salles, against
everyone else' s better judgment, led a small
group to help, and almost all of them went
Spectre. The last time I saw Lance, he was
all teeth, and he tried his damnedest to
rip my plasm to shreds. We didn't let any-
one else go on rescue missions — when it
came down to losing either a few of our
own or large numbers of Hierarchy sol-
diers, the choice was easy."

The car bounced and jolted through post-winter potholes,
every bump aggravating the pain behind Nina's eyes. Little
red spots formed around the edges of her vision. She pulled
an orange-brown prescription bottle out of a coat pocket and,
without looking, unscrewed the lid with one hand. She
dropped one smooth, green capsule onto the back of her
tongue. She swallowed, grimacing at the hard pressure in her
throat.

Before she could put the lid back on, the car hit a deep
pothole and pills scattered all over the front of the car — on
the seat, on the floor, in her lap and in the box. She clenched
her teeth, feeling the pain-pressure in her jawbone, and care-
fully put the opened bottle and its remaining contents back
into her pocket. Her peripheral vision was going white now,
and she fought it. She needed to get home, needed her soft
leather chair and her warm blue afghan. She needed Yuji.

Tape 7, Side 2, 0:04: Guild Politics

"This is sick. Ghosts getting involved
in our wars? Riding inside people' s heads?
I've never heard anything more ridiculous
in my life. I'm a scientist! I don't be-
lieve in these things! Don't you believe
me? Don' t you understand me? There are no
such things as ghosts. They don't exist!
And even if they did, what the heck would
one of them be doing in my head? No, no, I
don't want any more pills. I'1l take it
easy, all right? I promise. Just don't
give me any more pills. The little brown
ones make my mouth dry out and make my
head feel like it's full of cotton—

"Jeez. This guy has got to chill. What's
the big deal? People have believed in ghosts
for thousands of years. Why is it so hard
now? Sometimes, I think someone's delib-
erately tried to make everyone stop be-
lieving. And who knows? Maybe someone has.
Mister Horne here would rather believe he's
having a nervous breakdown, that he's bug-
f-oh, sorry, I shouldn't use that word in
front of you — nuts, than believe he's
possessed by a ghost. What a strange set
of priorities. I think it would be easier
to believe in the ghost. At least then,
you can believe it isn't your fault.

"But I was going to tell you about the
post-Breaking purge, wasn' t I? Ah yes, that
was it. Things didn' t go quite as smoothly
after the Breaking as I originally im- |
plied. There was a period of time when the
Guild was leaderless and homeless, frac-
tured and close to destruction. Although,
of course, if you asked anyone else in the
Guild, they would deny this assessment all
the way to Oblivion. I guess I'm just more
open and honest than most of the others.
{ laughter]

"Anyway. We had to face the fact that
someone — very few wanted to admit it could
have been the Guildmaster — had betrayed
us. There was a witch-hunt to match your
era of McCarthyism. Anyone suspected of
colluding with Charon and the Deathlords
was rounded up and ‘taken care of.' It's
said they were fed to the forges of Ren-
egade Artificers or Moliated into some-
thing more useful, like seat-cushions. A
group of midlevel Guild members with the
right reasons and a bit too much fanati- |
cism went around throwing people into
Nihils. Life in the land of the Dead will
make you paranoid to begin with, but the
Cleansing drove us beyond paranoia and into
terror. Everyone was watching us, marking
our every movement, and reporting on us to
someone. It was chaos. If we didn't want
to be thought traitors, we had to be in
with the witch-hunters. I sent friends to
the forges, even one of my granddaughters.
You can bet I wasn't going to stand around
to be pounded into steel on some coward' s
anvil.

"I don't think the Guild would have
accepted any leader except a Renegade at

Chapter Two: Waiting for Fate 29

\&


that point. Marionette was relatively young,
but she swept through the ranks with a
confidence that pulled everyone in behind
her. She had a good head on her shoulders.
She knew the persecution of Guild members
had to stop and that the best way to stop
it was to have someone in authority. She
took it upon herself to become that au-
thority. The Guild was in such a shambles
— and so many of its best people had ei-
ther been ‘dealt with' or gone into hiding
— that there really were no other candi-
dates. At least, none who could stand up
to her. While everyone else had been watch-
ing his own back and turning in loved ones,
she' d been making contacts, gaining people' s
trust and quietly saving loyal souls from
the forges, substituting non-Guild people
instead. By the time she moved, she had a
substantial following.

"It is said that Marionette was
Guildmaster for more than 200 years, but
no one is really sure. They say she per-
sonally trained her own replacement, and
that when Marionette retired, her replace-
ment took the name Marionette and the mask
her predecessor had worn, so there was no
way to be sure when the first Marionette
ended and the next began. The ploy worked
well.

"The Puppeteers Guild has both more and
different problems than the other Guilds,
as far as power struggles and politicking
among Guild members goes. Marionette dida
good job setting up a reasonably stable
governmental structure, but as a group,
the Puppeteers are a notoriously greedy
lot. It often feels as though we' re right
on the verge of civil war, but so far,
we' ve survived.

"The Guild Elders try to keep a firm
grip on the Guild, but it doesn't always
work smoothly. After all, our group pos-
sesses perhaps the most diverse worldviews
of any group in all the lands of the Dead.
We encompass Renegades and Heretics alike,
and even, in rare and special instances, a
few Hierarchy, or pseudo-Hierarchy, people.
This combination is bound to create a few
problems.

"In some ways, we act almost as a bridge
of cooperation between various Renegades
and Heretics. We may not see things the

same way in most cases, but we have our
key similarities — we all Skinride the
Quick for our various reasons, and we all
detest the rules of Stygia that tell us we
aren' t allowed to do so. We work together,
and yet we disagree about many things. Add
in the factor that many Renegades aren' t
shy about expressing and eliminating their
disagreements, and you can see that the
Guild is a volatile thing, at best."

Nina pulled into her driveway. Despite the medication,
her headache was worse now. It speared into the muscles that
wrapped around her head, and she felt disoriented, dizzy. The
once-welcoming white house loomed over her now. She drove
into the garage and saw that Yuji's Lincoln wasn't there. Maybe
he was buying groceries; it was Wednesday, after all. Good;
that would give her time to clean up the pills she'd spilled
and maybe lie down for a little while. She watched herself
open her door and step out; everything was distant and
muffled. She heard the gravel of the driveway crunch beneath
her boots, but she didn't feel it.

She went to the other side of the car and opened the
door; the cold rainwater on the handle barely chilled her hand.
She easily found the bright green pills against the gray uphol-
stery, gathered them up and dropped them into her pocket.
Her skin felt as if it were coated with plastic; there was a shell
between her and the world. She reached for the box and saw,
rather than felt, its rough surface against her fingertips. She
pulled it toward her. Words ran through her mind almost at
random: "senseless tragedy," "should have been on a secured
ward," "a danger to himself and others," and most damning,
Vinexperienced doctor." As she began to curl in upon herself
mentally, some part of her noticed with surprise that she had
pushed the box back into the car, closed the door and re-
turned to the driver's side.

Tape 9, Side I, 17:40: Living history

"I'm sick of hearing about Renegades
and Guilds and Heretics and Puppeteers. If
this whatever-it-is is going to use me to
tell you about history, it could at least
tell you about something interesting, some-
thing I'd understand, for once. I just
don't care about Maelstroms. If something
is going to be inconsiderate enough to
possess me — assuming for a very brief
moment that I'm not actually insane — it
could at least try to be a little more
interesting. Do you find Renegades inter-
esting, or have you been as bored as I ha—

"*It'? I'm an object now? I'm insulted.
I' 11 see what I can do, though. You haven' t
been bored, now have you, Doc? [ laughter]
I didn' t think so.

"Let's see. The history of the Quick.
We haven' t had as large an impact on it as
you might think. When the worst things
happen — like the World Wars, as I said
before — the dark emotions generated tend
to feed our bad sides. If we' re at all
smart, we stay away. We aren't super-he-
roes, saving the world from itself. Occa-
sionally, we may make a small difference,
but we don't make your history for you.

"What little we do is probably more
like what you would call ‘preventative
maintenance.' We can' t move mountains, but
we can alter the course of a small stream.
Of course, some make a difference in the
wrong direction. Maybe it evens out over
the long run. I know a woman who used to
work on the design of nuclear weapons. She
was killed in a lab accident. After a change
of heart, she started recruiting Puppe-
teers to watch over missile silos in the
hopes of intervening should something go
wrong. On the other hand, what if one of
the people she's recruited has a different
agenda? Or what if there's a war, and she
hasn't recruited enough wraiths to stop
even a 50th of the missiles? She may make
a difference, yes, but in what direction?
And how much of one?

"Did you see in the paper last week
that a boy was pulled from the path of a
speeding car by a mild-mannered banker?
All the man's friends said they never
thought he had it in him. They were right.
Then again, he'd never had one of us in
him before, either. Of course, the whole
thing's a crapshoot. There's no telling
how this experience might change the
banker' s life, or who that boy might grow
up to be. So, in that sense, we may have
more of an impact than even we ever real-
ize.

"My personal favorite period in his-
tory was the Seven Years' War — the first
real World War, in a geographic sense.
Naval strategy was all-important, and I' ve
always loved the navy. Now, I'm sure that
even after everything I've said, you' re
going to expect me to say that I manipu-

Chapter Two: Waiting for Fate 31


lated one of the higher-ups, like Pitt, or
maybe the battleship designer, Sir Thomas
Slade. But me, I liked accountants. I had
a living friend who was a British accoun-
tant of sorts, and his name was Nigel. He
and I manipulated numbers for the war. We
worked on things like the Land Tax, the
Customs Tax, the Excise Tax. We manipu-
lated a system of funded debt that helped
to see Britain through the war intact,
while French finances reached a state of
near-collapse. We weren't responsible for
Britain' s victory, but we had an effect on
it. They would have won anyway; our help
simply made it that much more decisive.
While the Brits were buying government stock
and short-term Exchequer Bills, the French
were already inheriting a staggering pub-
lic debt.

"Of course, I took a few side trips. I
couldn' t pass up the opportunity to sail
with the Royal Navy. I even Skinrode Pitt
himself a couple of times; it was an amaz-
ing feeling. No matter how many times I'm
there, watching history happen, it always
feels new. I didn't think of myself as a
historian while I lived, but that's what
I've become. Pitt was a genius; he knew
better than any other how to use an army
and a navy together effectively, and he
was a joy to watch. It's a pity no one
learned how to use his system after he
died. There were those who tried, but none
could match his brilliance. I only wish
he' d joined us in the Shadowlands; I could
have chatted with him for years.

"Do we ever ‘arrange' deaths, so as to
recruit promising new members? Of course
not. We would never do such a thing. There
are rumors, on the other hand, that cer-
tain Deathlords just might. Of course,
they' re only rumors, so who knows?"

HOO

<

Tape 9, Side 2, 0:04

"Look, I come to you to get cured. I've
come here every day for the past three
weeks, not including weekends, and you
haven' t done anything for me. Sometimes, I
think you' re more interested in what I'm
saying than in helping me at all! Hello!
Is there anyone in there? No, don't shake
your head at me. I'm sick and tired of

O-PS

Guildbook: Puppeteers

area

this. I stay in the hospital, I get drugged
to the gills, I spend my time trying to
get some peace and quiet, while that nice
old lady who thinks she's Mary, Mother of
God, tries to teach me how to knit coat-
hanger covers, and all you do is ask me
what I meant when I talked about the Shroud,
whatever that is! I'm sick of it! I'mtired
of it! I want some answers! I want some
peace! I want out of here! No, no, please
don't do that. You know how much I hate
needles. Please...oh, ouch.

"I hate that stuff. Makes me feel, umm,
dizzy. Like there's blue cotton candy in
my head." [giggles fading to silence]

Nina drove back down the driveway. The first stars of
the night pierced the blue cloth of the evening sky, as the
clouds parted. The rain had stopped, and as she watched her-
self lower the window, she heard the chirping of crickets. The
stench of a neighbor's unattended garbage barely penetrated
the haze in her head, and she wondered where she was going.
She was on the road to town, headed back the way she'd come.
Her grip on the wheel was firmer than before, and she reached
speeds she hadn't driven since she'd gotten that ticket in col-
lege. She easily handled the hairpin turn, and she wondered
at the sense of purpose that suddenly governed her actions.

Tape 9, Side 2, Ik: Lowering the Shroud

"Wow. That' s such a great shade of blue,
that suit, I mean. Can you get them to
paint my room that color? Would you? Wow.
That' s great, really. I wish I had a dog
that color, you know, one of those great
big ones, umm, Grape Dates, or whatever
they call-—

"Did you have to do that? It feels bloody
awful. Nasty stuff. I'm glad they didn't
have it when I was alive. No, I'm not
going to tell you when I was born or when
I died. I'11 just say it was quite some
time ago. Of course, the information I'm
giving you is very one-sided. And not all
of it is true, I'1l tell you that, as
well. I can also tell you that it has
great, gaping holes in it, but you' 11 have
to live with that.

"Perhaps it's time for me to explain
why I'm here. There are two reasons I/1l


tell you about. Let me tell you, histori-
cally speaking, of the first of them.

"very long ago — some say before time
itself, though I'1l wager that's quite an
exaggeration — the barrier between the lands
of the living and the lands of the Dead
was much thinner. Not only did the Dead
pass fairly freely into the lands of the
living, but some among the living passed
into the lands of the Dead, and back again.
There are many legends about them. Orpheus
springs to mind, as well as Hercules.

"At some point, there was an event we
call only the Sundering. No one knows why
it happened, or how. The lands of the liv-
ing and Dead were split apart, and the
barrier we call the Shroud was erected
between them. The Shroud isn't uniform;
it's thicker in some places and thinner in
others. How much the living believe they
can be affected by the power of the Dead
can thin the Shroud in places, if such
belief exists on a large enough scale.

"The Puppeteers have begun a crusade —
a crusade to convince the living that we
do indeed exist, and that we have the power
to interact with them. By doing so on a
large enough scale, and over long enough a
time, we hope to thin the Shroud. Of course,
my conversation here with you now will
have little direct effect. But who knows
where the knowledge on those tapes will
end up, eh? If enough hear them, perhaps
it will have some small effect. We some-
times choose writers as our vehicles, so
thousands will read their words, but this
tactic has the disadvantage that people
think their work is just fiction. Or poli-
ticians — when citizens hear that their
leaders listen to the advice of dead people,
some of them start believing as well. At
least, their minds may open up to the pos-
sibility.

"The second reason? Well, that one is
simple. To undermine the Hierarchy. People
may not believe my words now, but when
they die and see that everything is as I
have said it to be, they will be fore-
warned about the Hierarchy. They will know
which side they should be on. They will
know to seek out the Renegades, rather
than submit to the rule of the God-damned
Deathlords."

Tape 12, Side 1, 3959

"I can't deal with this any more. I
won' t deal with this any more! You haven' t
done a thing for me! Either I'm insane or
there' s a dead man in my head, and neither
option is particularly acceptable right
now. [fist hitting table] Either I get out
of here, or the lawyer in the room next to
mine is going to help me sue you for ev-
erything you' re worth, and I won't stop
until I have every last dime, nickel and
penny you' ve ever touched—

"It's okay. I' ve got him. He's lucky I
never told him about the vampires. Yes,
there are vampires. There are a few other
things, too, but I'm not always sure what
to make of them.

"I was told last night that the Hierar-
chy has picked up my trail, but I wanted
to come say goodbye. It's been a pleasure
working with you, Doc, but now it's time
to for me to move on. Just remember when
you reach the other side that the Hierar-
chy are the bad guys.

"See you soon, Doc.
gentleman even sooner."

Be seeing this

The Cadillac screeched to a halt outside the city dump.
Nina watched, confused, as she left the car, box in hand. She
strode up to the blond man at the gate and held the sagging
box out to him. "Can you take this?" she heard herself ask,
and she felt herself smile. The grin felt foreign on her face, as
though her mouth were part of a mask she'd put on for the
evening.

"Of course, ma'am." He held out his callused hands, and
she gave him the box.

"Thank you very much." She went back to her car, got in
and turned the key. She drove back home, again at uncom-
fortable speeds. As she drove, she tuned the radio from her
usual classical selection to a loud, alternative station and
jacked up the volume. It wasn't until she pulled into her ga-
rage again that the strange layer of fuzziness between her and
the world fell away, bit by bit. First, sounds sharpened, stab-
bing into the pain that reappeared behind her eyes. Then,
the texture of the steering wheel pushed its bumps into her
skin. As she stepped from the car, the alien smile fell from her
face like rain.

Chapter Two: Waiting for Fate 33



he Puppeteers actively help wraiths who
seek to become Risen, and in many cases
j| even encourage interested — or gullible
— Restless to undergo the process. While
j| most wraiths believe the Risen to be a leg-
end, all Puppeteers who pass their initia-
tion know the truth. The Risen are quite
real and a very important part of the Guild's agenda.

The official Guild stance is that the key to resisting
Oblivion is to make the world, specifically the Skinlands, a
better place. The argument goes that if fewer people die in
agony, despair or disappointment, fewer souls will go down to
the Void immediately upon death to reinforce Oblivion (not
to mention those pesky Mortwights). Guild policy also states
that if the Skinlands and the Shadowlands were brought closer
together, it seems likely that the pull of Oblivion on the
Underworld's denizens would not be as strong; all of reality
would then serve as a sort of Fetter, anchoring the
Shadowlands against the pull of the Void. However, Guild
officials are quick to point out that, unlike the Haunters, the
Puppeteers do not want the Shroud to disappear altogether.
After all, if the Shroud were to go away, then Puppetry would
suddenly lose a great deal of its effectiveness.

The official Puppeteer mandate is to protect mortals and
to help other wraiths resolve what they left undone in life.
Off the record, the message is somewhat different. Few people
die satisfied with their lives, and there has never been a force
powerful enough to alter this truth. Privately, however, the

Guild's leadership instructs new recruits that if a choice arises
between a Puppeteer's quest for resolution and the safety of a
host, the safety of the host is the less important concern. Noth-
ing underscores this unofficial policy more than the Risen.
The primary effects of the Risen's existence are death and
destruction, and the Puppeteers, the self-appointed protec-
tors of mortals, actively support the creation of the Risen, in
the name of a slim chance at Transcendence.

Transcendence is the carrot that the Guild extends to all
wraiths whom it guides through the process of Rising. The
Guild's pitch is that only so much can be accomplished
through Puppetry; some things simply must be done in per-
son. Some things are also beyond the abilities of a normal ;
mortal body. In such cases, someone has to Rise. Rising is a
dangerous proposition; not only does it require the wraith to
make a deal with her Shadow, it also strengthens the Shadow
and risks drawing the attention of any Hierarchy official in a
position to notice. Not surprisingly, though, the Puppeteers
contend that becoming a Risen is worth the risks involved.
So claims all the publicity, anyway.

The truth is a little different. Few Risen accomplish their
goals and Transcend, and most are taken by Oblivion. Guild
estimates are that the average Risen kills 14 mortals before it
becomes "inoperative," and more than half of those deaths
occur when the Shadow is in control of the body. Further-
more, the average Risen causes three to five "accidental"
deaths — innocent bystanders caught in the crossfire. Obvi-
ously, these figures do not jibe with the official Guild line —

Chapter Three: The Puppeteers and the Risen 35

that Risen kill only mortals who truly deserve it — and thus,
the information's suppressed. It should also be noted that the
Guild has Reapers in its employ, and that every
Guild-sponsored Risen is closely monitored.

f a wraith wishing to Rise can find the
Puppeteers and can prove that she is rea-
sonably trustworthy, she is given assistance
in her journey back across the Shroud.
This policy does leave the Guild open to
infiltration by Hierarchy spies. However,
because involvement in anything having
to do with the Risen is as good as walking into the nearest
soulforge, should the Hierarchy find out about it, the Guild
imposes a careful screening process to prevent that sort of
catastrophe.

The first thing that a would-be Risen gets is detailed in-
formation. She is told all the risks of Rising and warned about
the additional strength her Shadow will have in the Skinlands.
She is warned about the difficulty of digging out of the grave:
in addition to six feet of packed earth, there is often a metal
lined coffin and a slab of concrete between her and freedom.
She is warned that, should she fail to make her way out, she

could be trapped in her own rotting corpse until her Shadow
devours her.

If the wraith is still interested, she is taught to Skinride,
but she does not learn the more advanced arts. Becoming a
Risen also requires that the wraith have some basic knowl-
edge of Embody, Inhabit, or Lifeweb. Normally, it isn't neces-
sary to teach any of these Arcanoi, as most modern wraiths
are skilled in multiple Arcanoi, but if it's needed, the Guild
arranges for the training.

Of course, candidates for Rising are also screened by
members of the Guild who have received surreptitious train-
ing in Castigate. These wraiths, unbound by any Pardoners'
Oath, freely make use of any information they discover dur-
ing their intense interrogations of would-be Risen. It is at this
stage of the process that Hierarchy spies are usually rooted
out.

Finally, if the volunteer checks out and acquires the nec-
essary skills, Guildwraiths escort him to the vicinity of his
own body. The Puppeteers stand watch and offer technical
assistance while the wraith attempts to Rise, even to the point
of fighting delaying actions against interfering Hierarchy pa-
trols. Often, Puppeteers follow fledgling Risen for a few hours
or days to help the wraith with the adjustment to her new
state. Many Risen are thankful for this assistance, and thus,
don't worry too much when they see their progress being
dogged by Puppeteer patrols. After all, those guys were help-
ful before, right?

nce a wraith has the knowledge and tal-
ents necessary to become a Risen, he needs
a Conduit. A Conduit is a special type of
Fetter. It holds the Shadow (or the Psyche,
when the Shadow is in control) and also
serves as the Risen's link to the
Shadowlands. By necessity, the Conduit
needs to be some small item, for the Risen must always have
it near him or risk destruction.

nding a Shadow a Home

Not every wraith who wishes to become a Risen has a
suitable Fetter available to use as a Conduit. For centuries,
this situation posed a major obstacle to many who sought to
Rise. Things changed when the noted Puppeteer known as
Lady Joan learned how to use animals as Conduits.

A century before the Third Great Maelstrom, Lady Joan
began experimenting with animals. She had begun to Skinride
animals as a way of spying on and harassing her murderer, a
cousin who spent most of his time hunting and hawking. Af-
ter her cous

's execution and subsequent transformation into

a pomander, Joan continued to explore the Animal Arts and
her newfound love of flying. By the time she had earned her
place as one of the Guild's leaders, she knew more than any
other wraith about the use of Puppetry on animals. It was
shortly after the Decree of Breaking that she discovered the
art that allowed animals to become Conduits for Risen. At
that time, it was unusual for wraiths to be skilled in multiple
Arcanoi, but Lady Joan knew a few of the Lifeweb Arts and
was able to put that insight to good use. She discovered that
if an animal is made a temporary Fetter of a wraith just prior
to Rising, a Puppeteer can use the Shadow Possess Art that
she developed to make that animal into a Conduit for the
isen.

In the early 17th century, when Lady Joan and her stu
dents first began the practice of using animals as Conduits,
cats were the animals of choice. They were common in the
rat-infested cities and towns of Europe, and their speed and
agility made them ideally suited to keeping up with the
undead. By mid-century the Guild sought alternatives, how
ever. The overuse of cats as Conduits had reinforced certain
unfavorable superstitions, partly because, for whatever rea-
son, most wraiths preferred black animals for use as Conduits.
Since those days, the Guild has branched out in the variety
of animals it uses as Conduits, though almost all are small
mammals or birds. Fish lack the sort of mobility that's desir
able in a Conduit, and strange effects are said to occur when
Risen experiment with insects or other invertebrates. To date,


No Such Thing As a free Lunch...

Although the Guild's actions in helping wraiths
to Rise are suspect, they'd be even more so if the Guild
performed them for free. One reason the Puppetcers
charge a steep price for their help is to Cloak their
agenda involving the Risen. The other reason is to
spare the Guild members from being inundated by
wraiths who want to Rise. Even those wraiths who
don't go-for any of the Guild's special options (animal
Conduits, for one) have to pay sometimes exorbitant
fees

The cost can lead to an interesting complication
Most wraiths who still have the key prerequisite for
Rising (a reasonably intact body) are relatively young;
as such, they haven't had time to acquire large stores
of relics, Artifacts or oboli. How, then, do they pay for
the Guild's assistance?

The answer is both elegantly simple and deeply
disturbing: "future considerations." Observers note that
certain Risen, often ones who come to the Guild in
dire financial straits, seem to cause excessive property
damage and.loss of life. Others somehow tind a way to
smash Fetters of wraiths who, of late, have caused
trouble for the Guild. The implications are obvious,
but thus far no one has dared speak out about it

After all, who wants to be the next target?

no one has successfully used a plant as a Conduit (and admit-
ted it, that is).

Almost every city has a Puppeteer who, for a price, can
make animal Conduits. The Guild charges a hefty premium
for this service, and Lady Joan's contribution is almost as
closely guarded as the secret of her whereabouts. If you ever
meet Lady Joan, you should remember three things: Don't
give her any compliments about the ornament hanging from
her belt, don't ask her to make a bird into a Conduit and

don't stare if she turns her head 180 degrees.

uit Properties

Many of the properties of Conduits are closely guarded
rets in the Guild, but a few things nown by all Guild
members. First and foremost is the fact that the Shroud be-

comes slightly lower within proximity of a Conduit. A single
Conduit won't put a dent in the Shroud of your average shop-
ping mall, but under ideal circumstances it might take the
Shroud of a nightclub down from a seven to a six. This effect
becomes much more noticeable when there are multiple Con-
duits in an area. Additional Conduits have a cumulative ef-
fect on the weakness of the local Shroud. Three Conduits in


Man s Best fiend

Animal Conduits with Spectres in
them are the ASPCA's worst nightmare.
Take the case of Dove, once a sweet-tem-
pered German shepherd-Labrador retriever
mix. Dove's owner, Jerry, was killed by a
drunk driver, but he came back three
months later as a Risen, with Dove as his
Conduit. After two weeks of Jerry on the
loose, damn near every substance abuser in
his small town was either dead, in the hos-
pital or in rehab. Jerry, meantime, had a
serious problem with a hyperactive Soci-
ety of Leopold operative who thought the
vengeful Risen was a vampire.

Unfortunately for everyone concerned,
the Inquisition hunter, Kirk Armstrong,
pulled out all of the stops and managed to
catch Jerry by surprise with an incendiary
device to the face. Dove escaped the fire,
but Jerry did not. Jerry's Shadow survived,
however, and now Dove is the four-legged
embodiment of all the frustration, self-
loathing and anger of a yuppie who was al-
ways too busy working to meet the woman
of his dreams and start a family.

Dove, her name tag still attached to
her collar, has had many owners since Jerry's
second demise. All have been single
women around 30 who lived alone and
worked long hours — the type of women
Jerry used to date but with whom he never
made time to share a serious relationship.
Each one, out of kindness, has sheltered
Dove, just until the dog's rightful owner
turned up, and then kept her when no
owner could be found. All these women
thought that having a nice, friendly dog

would provide them good company with a
minimum of fuss.

Dove's first new owner died in a fall
down some stairs, two weeks after the dog
arrived. The second woman kept Dove
outside overnight; she died‘in her sleep
from carbon monoxide poisoning. The
third was hit by a car while walking the
dog.

Dove is on Owner Number 12, now,


one place can cause the makeup counter at Macy's to feel like
the Bates Motel at midnight.

The Lifeweb Arts Splice Strand and Sever Strand can-
not be used on Conduits. An active Conduit is a link be-
tween the wraith and her Shadow, and thus contains an inte-
gral part of the wraith's soul. As such, it cannot be torn away
as a Fetter. Similarly, a Conduit, whether active or not, can-
not be used as a temporary Fetter for a wraith; even in an
abandoned Conduit, the lingering taint of Oblivion makes
this tactic impossible.

If a Risen returns to the Shadowlands, her Conduit re-
mains as a Fetter, but from that point on, the item always has
a rather strange aura about it — a hint at its previous strong
connection with the wraith's dark side. If the Conduit is an
animal, it reverts to its previous existence, but somewhat worse
for the wear. Dogs, cats and other animals that have been
Conduits are often nervous or vicious creatures afterward. It
is not unusual for a former Conduit to run away and try to
pursue the wraith whose Shadow it once housed. Abandoned
animal Conduits also become more likely to attack humans
and other animals, and often, they appear somehow sinister.

Risen often do not return to the Shadowlands. Some may
Transcend, but even the most optimistic Puppeteer admits
that far more Risen are destroyed. When a Risen fails to re-
turn to the Shadowlands, his Conduit is often left behind
undamaged, which presents a unique problem for the Guild.
As an empty link between the Shadowlands and the
Skinlands, the Conduit of a destroyed Risen is a potent source

of power that might do substantial damage, should it fall into
the wrong hands.

An abandoned Conduit always retains something of the
owner's personality and something of her energies, as well.
Besides serving to lower the Shroud, Conduits can also be
used to affect other former Fetters of the Risen. In the pres-
ence of a Conduit, all Arcanos Arts directed at another Fet-
ter of a destroyed Risen are slightly easier (-1 difficulty) to
perform. The Conduit and the other objects are not Fetters
for the purposes of Lifeweb, nor can the Conduit ever be-
come a Fetter for any other wraith.

From time to time, a Shadow remains in an abandoned
Conduit. Such a Conduit, possessed by what is technically a
Spectre, attempts to corrupt or kill any being who is unlucky
enough to touch it. Conduit Spectres are behind many of the
tales mortals tell about cursed items; think twice before ac-
cepting Great-aunt Martha's diamond necklace, which she
was oh-so-careful to take off before she mysteriously drowned.
The admonition that monkeys' paws should likewise be
avoided goes without saying.

The Guild has very strict policies on Conduits. All aban-
doned Conduits are to be retrieved by consorts and brought
to a place of safekeeping. The local Guildmaster is to be no-
tified as soon as a Conduit is brought in, and she takes charge
of it immediately. If a Conduit is found to house a Spectre,
the Conduit is destroyed right away, at any cost. Unfortu-
nately, a few Conduits sometimes slip through the cracks.

‘

Vampires

The Guild often advises Risen to pass themselves off as
Vampires. This masquerade serves several purposes. It helps
to hide the Risen from both mortal hunters and the Hierar-
chy — after all, the Masquerade gives vampires plenty of ex-
perience at concealing their existence. Also, the sham gives
the Risen contacts in the Skinlands who are likely to be help-
ful, once they believe that the Risen is one of their own. Stolid
(or at least reasonably friendly) contacts are a must for a Risen;
such contacts help the Risen with his driving Passion, and
they also give the wraith someone to talk to besides his
Shadow. The importance of the latter advantage cannot be
overstated. Finally, this vampire-Risen connection illuminates
one of the major flaws in the Dictum Mortuum and the
Hierarchy's prohibition against Rising. The Hierarchy seems
to forget that there are already undead in the Skinlands who
do much more interfering and manipulating that the Puppe-
teers ever do. While Guildwraiths don't mention this final
reason to their Risen protégés, it is often discussed behind
closed doors at Guild gatherings.

Make no mistake, the Guild knows a great deal about
the Kindred. This knowledge comes from extended observa-
tion and extensive Skinrides. Some of the information thus

obtained is given to the Risen so they can pass themselves off

as vampires with a minimal amount of difficulty. The first
and foremost piece of advice that Risen receive is to avoid
contact with the Giovanni, who might see them for what they
really are. Risen are often told to pass themselves off as

Necromancy

impiric Dis
of abandoned ¢

Students of the ipline of Necromaney

often avid seek nduits, though
ll of these Neer

bjects of their pursuit. Giov

not nahcers quite comprehend the

in umpires, in particu

lar, chase after leftover Conduits and use them to re

\

luce the difficulty Necromantic rituals (-1 for each

site)

Ni

Conduit on However, S left behind in

Conduits do their best to influence im

pites into disastrously s¢

A Conduit containin
attempt to whisper to it making
power roll (difficulty 6), the in the Conduit may
make itself audible to its

Ofc

ne

and t

urse, t finition o

the Further

the master is away, may |

apprentice
ffer Shadow Dice and
|

he purchased

more, the trapped Shadow can «
ll of its Thorns. (New Th«

Storyteller discretion.) If the $
gh Shad

n the Conduit's

t thro v Dice

ner

Malkavians. As all Malkavians are insane, any erratic behav-
ior (from a Kindred viewpoint) by the Risen can be attrib-
uted to dementia.

The Kindred, for their part, remain largely unaware of
this hoax that the Guild regularly instigates upon the undead.
Vampires' egocentrism makes them the perfect group for the
Guild to exploit; these self-crowned "ultimate puppet mas-
ters" can't conceive of anyone pulling their strings.

Spectral Risen

ne of the few things more terrifying than
a Risen whose Shadow has taken over is a
Risen whose Shadow is usually in charge.
Shadow-eaten Risen are rare but not un-
heard of. More's the pity, because when a
Spectre clothes itself in a nigh-indestruc-
tible body, the consequences are usually

gruesome.

Spectral Risen are almost exclusively of the Doppelganger
and Nephwrack Castes, though Mortwights and even Strip-
lings do sometimes Rise. Such Risen usually don't go through
the offices of the Puppeteers Guild. Instead, they pull the
knowledge they need to Rise from the Spectral hive-mind.
Such Spectres often have extremely weak or naive Psyches,
for just as a wraith needs the cooperation of his Shadow to
Rise, a Spectre needs the agreement of his Psyche.

However, the parallels between normal and Spectral
Risen end there. Whereas everyday Spectres are relatively
easily discorporated, Spectral Risen can stand up to as much
punishment as a normal Risen. Risen Spectres do gain Angst
at twice the normal rate, but their Psyches must plug along at
normal rates of Pathos gain. And while the Psyche does get
to take over the Corpus of a Spectral Risen if the Spectral
consciousness is knocked out of the fight, odds are, in that
case, the Risen's about to go down for the count anyway.

While loose in the Skinlands, Risen Spectres either seek
and destroy the Fetters of wraiths they know, or they go on
random killing sprees in hopes of creating Mortwights galore
in the process. Oddly enough, in such cases, these Spectres
are actually serving the Guild's purpose of forcing awareness
of the supernatural onto the general public — but don't tell
the Spectres that. As far as they're concerned, it's all just good,
dirty fun.

Thankfully, there is a limiting factor on the genesis of
Spectral Risen: the unavailability of bodies. Most wraiths don't
become Spectres until some months or years have elapsed,
which gives their bodies time to rot away to nothingness.
Mortwights, while "fresher," often meet such violent deaths
that their corpses are unsuitable for re-animation. It is this
shortage of corpses, and nothing else, that saves the Skinlands
from being overrun by inimical Risen.

Chapter Three: The Puppeteers and the Risen 41
= sal aie ag r —= ay = 7 > = .
SE i = aa inte



More Uses ot Puppetry

uppetry is similar to any other Arcanos,
in that its commonly known arts are but a
subset of the many types that exist. Over
the ages, the Arcanos' practitioners ex-
ka} panded and enhanced it, so that today,
A| Puppetry covers a wide range of arts
unguessed at by wraiths outside the Guild.
Below are several arts commonly practiced by members of the
Puppeteers Guild. This list is by no means comprehensive,
and players and Storytellers should feel free to develop their
own specialized uses of the Arcanos.

The Puppeteers Guild jealously protects knowledge of its
specialized forms of Puppetry and does not teach these arts to
outsiders. Doing so would not only break its monopoly on
these powers but would also put the Puppeteers in further
danger for spreading their forbidden knowledge (and thus
helping more wraiths jump up and down on the shattered bits
of the Dictum). Any wraith not a member of the Guild who is

found to be practicing these arts is likely to have his Fetters
destroyed one by one. Puppetry doesn't do you much good ¥
when entering the Skinlands makes you melt like a crayon in q
the sun.

Order of Operations

The Guild has developed these powers into highly spe-
cialized arts. Unlike the New or Ancient Arts of other
Arcanoi, these unique Puppetry Arts cannot be learned in-
terchangeably with the normal arts. They must be learned in
order, not randomly. In other words, in order to learn Shadow
Possess, a wraith must first learn Animal Possession, Creature
Control, etc. The initial Experience point cost for each of
these unique aspects of Puppetry is 4 Experience; otherwise,
the cost for advancing in knowledge is the same as for any
other Arcanos. A wraith must first know how to Skinride in
order to learn these arts.

Chapter Four: Pulling Strings 43

+ Skinride Animal

This art is very similar to the one used to Skinride hu-
mans, as the only difference is that a wraith using Skinride
Animal can slip into the body of a nonsentient being. As
with normal Skinriding, the wraith exerts no control over
the animal. However, the wraith can sense whatever the ani-
mal senses. For example, a wraith Skinriding a bloodhound
would be able to take advantage of the hound's keen sense of
smell. This art works only on warm-blooded animals; other
species are too radically different from the once-human wraith
for an attempt to be made. Ghouled birds and mammals are
susceptible to this art.

System: In order to posses the body of an animal, a
wraith's player must roll Dexterity + Empathy. The difficulty
for this roll is normally equal to the local Shroud rating, but
the Storyteller may wish to raise the difficulty if the wraith is
attempting to possess a large number of small animals (such
as a pack of rats). The number of successes on the initial roll
also dictates the number of successes another wraith must
produce in order to force the first wraith from the possessed
animals' bodies.

Control Creature

This art is the animal equivalent of Rein in the Mind. A
wraith who succeeds in Skinriding an animal may attempt to
use this art to take control of the animal's actions. As their
minds are less sophisticated than humans', animals do not
need to be Attuned as consorts for this art to be used on them.
As with humans, however, any pain that the host feels feeds
back to the Puppeteer as Corpus damage.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Puppetry (dif-
ficulty equals the local Shroud rating). The wraith's control
of his host lasts for a number of scenes equal to the number of
successes gained. This art does not bestow any knowledge of
animal communication to the Puppeteer, so that a Puppeteer
possessing a dolphin or a chimpanzee is not able to communi-
cate with other members of the species. If the Puppeteer wishes
to engage in any complex physical activity that's not natural
to a human (flying, for example), the Storyteller can ask the
player to make a Wits + Athletics roll in order to determine
whether the Puppeteer succeeds in adjusting to the complex
physical demands of the task.

This art costs 1 Pathos per scene used.

~ Obliterate Animal

This art is equivalent to Obliterate the Soul for animal
hosts. After successfully using Control Creature on several

44

occasions, a Puppeteer can take permanent control of the
animal by means of this art. If the wraith leaves the body, the
animal lapses into a catatonic state, in which it responds to
no stimuli and barely even breathes.

System: Once the wraith has used Control Creature on a
particular animal at least five times, she may choose to use
Obliterate Animal. The player makes an extended action roll
of Strength + Puppetry (difficulty equal the local Shroud rat-
ing). If the player achieves a number of successes equal to the
number of health levels possessed by the target animal, she
succeeds in obliterating its spirit and taking over its body per-
manently. Two weeks after the wraith forces out the original
owner of the animal's body, the host begins to decay. A wise
Puppeteer leaves an animal host as soon as the first signs of
rot begin to set in, as being nibbled on by carrion eaters is
never fun.

This art cost 2 Pathos and 1 Willpower to use, and be-
stows 1 point of Temporary Angst.

vm Manipulate Herd

This art is poorly understood, even among Puppeteers
who have been using it for years. Older Guild members tend
to believe animals targeted with this art are somehow mes-
merized into serving the wraith's will. Younger wraiths specu-
late that it has something to do with pheromones or other
forms of nonverbal communication. The truth is unknown,
but, whatever the case, Control Creature allows its user to
call and manipulate other members of the species he is cur-
rently possessing. The level of control is minimal; a herd's
direction and general demeanor (aggressive, passive, fright-
ened, etc.) can be controlled, but nothing more. This art works
best on naturally social animals.

System: In order to use this art, a Puppeteer must be in
control of an animal that has been Attuned through at least
10 applications of Control Creature. The player rolls Manipu-
lation + Empathy (difficulty equals the local Shroud rating).
The number of successes indicates the number of animals suc-
cessfully controlled. The Storyteller should make adjustments
for numbers according to the particular species the wraith is
targeting. For example, five successes might control five
wolves, but the same number of successes would suffice for 50
rats.

This art costs 3 Pathos per use.

wwe Shadow Possess

This art allows Puppeteers to turn animals into Conduits
for Risen. Knowledge of the art is restricted to individuals
who have been trusted members of the Guild for some time,
and it is taught only by the regional Guildmasters.

System: In order to use Shadow Possess, the Puppeteer
must have access to an animal that has been made a tempo-


rary Fetter of the target wraith through the use of Lifeweb. In
addition, the Shadow of the target wraith must be willing to
allow that wraith to become a Risen. The Puppeteer then
rolls Charisma + Puppetry (the difficulty is the local Shroud
rating or the permanent Angst of the target Shadow, which-
ever is higher). The number of successes equals the number
of turns during which the target wraith may attempt to
Skinride the chosen body successfully, in order for the effect
to be permanent.

The animal remains the Conduit of the Risen for as long
as the Risen survives in the Skinlands. During this period,
the Conduit is resistant to damage (it has 10 Health levels).
Once the wraith is no longer a Risen, the animal reverts to its
former existence. Typically, though, the trauma of serving as
a Conduit often causes the animal to exhibit abnormal be-
havior, such as unexplainable aggression or fear.

This art costs 4 Pathos and bestows 3 points of tempo-
rary Angst on the Puppeteer.

Medicinal Arts

The Medicinal Arts are the most prized talents of the
Puppeteers Guild, and one of its greatest secrets. If it were
widely known that members of the Guild possess these abili-
ties, the Puppeteers would know no peace. Other Guildwraiths
undoubtedly would clamor for a share in the knowledge, while
Hierarchy troops would see these arts as a total affront to the
concept of the Dictum Mortuum. Neither prospect is terribly
appealing to the Guild's members, so they keep their silence.

These arts also come at great personal cost to the user,
and thus, the Guild wishes to keep their existence a secret,
lest it be overwhelmed with requests for their use. After all,
it's a lot easier being thought of as dilettantes than as essen-
tial members of a community. The Puppeteers want no part
of what they see the Pardoners endure every day.

* Analyze

This art allows the Puppeteer to assess her host's general
health and diagnose any specific illnesses that the host might
have.

System: The wraith may make a Perception + Medicine
roll (difficulty equal to the local Shroud rating), once she
succeeds in Skinriding a patient. The number of successes
indicates the general level of detail available to the wraith.
In order to diagnose illnesses, the wraith must have sufficient
medical knowledge (at least ** Medicine)

This art costs 1 point of Pathos per use.

Alter Vital Signs

This art permits a Puppeteer to make moderate adjust-
ments in the heart rate, respiration and blood pressure of a

consort. While this ability may seem minor, it can be a great
help in critical situations such as stabilizing critically wounded
patients or altering the effects of a polygraph test. This art
can also be used to induce vomiting, coughing, sneezing and
mucus production. Some Guildwraiths suspect Heretical Guild [
members of using a variation on this art to cause stigmata.

System: The Puppeteer rolls Manipulation + Medicine |
(difficulty is the target's Willpower). The number of successes
indicates how successful the attempt is. For example, one suc-
cess might be enough to cause the target to sneeze a few times
or to cause a slight reduction in her pulse rate. Five successes
might allow the wraith to place his target in a state near sus-
pended animation, buying time for mortal medical crews to
help a traumatically injured patient.

It is rare that this art can be used on an individual who is
not a consort, and doing so costs 1 additional point of Will-
power.

This art costs 2 Pathos per use and bestows 2 points of
temporary Angst.

Healing

This art allows the Puppeteer to heal her host's lost Health
levels. This art can be used only on a consort and does not
heal aggravated damage.

System: The wraith must successfully Skinride the tar-
get and then make a Stamina + Medicine roll (difficulty is
the local Shroud). The number of successes equals the num-
ber of Health levels that may be healed. A botch indicates
that the Puppeteer loses a number of Health levels equal to
the number of Is he rolled in his unsuccessful attempt to heal
his consort.

This art costs 2 points of Pathos per Health level healed.
The Puppeteer also gains a number of Temporary Angst points
equal to the total number of Health levels that the target had
lost prior to the healing. Healing may not be used on a single
consort more than once per week, and, as it takes a tremen-
dous toll on the Puppeteer, most wraiths are loath to use it |
unless there is no other choice.

vw Faint

Faint allows the Puppeteer to render his target briefly
unconscious. In creative hands, this art can be very deadly,
but it can also be a blessing to the target if he is in great pain
when the art is used. This art does not require that the Pup-
peteer Skinride his target.

System: The wraith rolls Stamina + Puppetry. If the tar-
get is a conditioned consort, the difficulty is the target's Will-
power. If the target has previously been Skinridden by the
wraith, the difficulty is 9 or the target's Willpower, whichever
is higher. If the target has never been Skinridden by the wraith,
the difficulty is 10. The number of successes indicates the

Chapter Four: Pulling Strings 45


number of turns for which the target is unconscious. If the
target's Health drops to Wounded or lower, she must either
be healed or make a successful Stamina roll in order to regain
consciousness when the art's normal duration ends.

This art costs 3 Pathos per use and bestows 3 points of
Temporary Angst.

" Marionette

This is another art reserved for the most trusted mem-
bers of the Guild. No one is certain how Marionette came to
be a grouped among the Medicinal Arts, for it has nothing to
do with healing. However, some Puppeteers theorize that the
finite control over consciousness and bodily functions that
the Medicinal Arts teach is what allows Puppeteers to use
this most potent art.

Marionette is exactly like Rein in the Mind, with one
very important distinction: In this case, the target's own unique
abilities can be used by the invading wraith. If the Puppeteer
takes over a rocket scientist, rocket science is suddenly within
his grasp. If he takes over an Olympic athlete, that body's
finely honed athleticism is at his disposal. What makes this
art truly devastating, however, is that it can also be used on
all denizens of the World of Darkness. A Puppeteer could
possess a vampire and use Disciplines such as Dominate and
Celerity, or possess a mage and turn loose vulgar magick to

the point where Paradox backlash is inevitable. A supernatu-
ral target is aware of what's going on, but the average mortal
"drowses" during her possession and later rationalizes any ab-

normal behaviors.

Wraiths

particularly Puppeteers

System: The wraith must Skinride her target over sev-

eral weeks and become familiar with his abilities and his mind.
The wraith then rolls Manipulation + Puppetry (difficulty
equals the target's Willpower). The number of successes gained
is equal to the number of scenes for which the wraith may
fully possess the target. An Awakened target may resist by
spending 1 Willpower point and succeeding on a Willpower
roll (difficulty 7). Each success he gains negates one of the
wraith's successes

This art costs 5 Pathos and 1 Willpower per use and be-

stows 2 points of Temporary Angst on the user.

Using Puppetry on
Supernatural Creature

[7 o member of the World of Darkness is
immune to Puppetry, though certain su-

pernatural beings have distinct advantages
when it comes to resisting a Puppeteer'

influence. Any Awakened being who be-
¥| comes aware that he is being meddled with
can spend a Willpower point and make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 7) to resist the particular use of Pup-
petry that he senses. In most cases, arts like Skinride, Sudden

Movement and Master's Voice can't be anticipated, and there-

and vampires don't always get along too well. However,

on the rare occasions when they do, a vampire/Puppeteer combo can be devastating. Should a vam-

pire need to sneak a little extra firepower into a meeting, he can have his Puppeteer ally Skinride

him into the situation. This gets the wraith past both ghostly and vampiric guards who are watching
I

for funny business. Then, when things get serious, the wraith can climb out to do that voodoo that he

does so well and provide an unexpecte

edge for his vampiric ally.

On the other hand, uses of Puppetry on someone who has committed Diablerie can produce

dangerous effects. If a diabolist gets himself invaded by a Puppetce

, the Storyteller should roll the

host's Willpower (difficulty 8). If he succeeds, the personality of the Diablerized vampire immediately

rises to tak

discretion

soul of a long-gone Cappadocian.

Guildbook: Puppeteers

» control of the host (if the vampire has snacked on more than one Cainite, Storyteller
s to which soul comes forth). This new/old personality has access to all of the Disciplines
and Abilities he possessed in "life," which can spell bad news for the Puppeteer if he wa

es up the


= i NP PET) J
& > =H
= " Seay. >

le Mx

x

fore cannot be resisted. However, the Awakened being can
be on the lookout for repeated attempts from that point on.

Vampires

Most vampires are little better than mortals at resisting
the effects of Puppetry. Only those Kindred with level 4
Auspex or higher may sense the presence of a wraith hitching
a Skinride and, thus, anticipate the actions of the unwanted
passenger. To become aware of a potential Skinrider, the vam-
pire rolls Perception + Empathy (difficulty equals the local
Shroud rating); successes indicate that the vampire is aware
of the presence of a potentially hostile being.

Ifa wraith tries to influence a Dominated individual, she
must win a contested Willpower roll against the controlling
vampire, if her goal is to counteract a direct order. Both the
Blood Bond and Presence, on the other hand, are easily coun-
termanded by the use of Puppetry — fora little while, at least.
(Note: Any attempt to force a Blood Bound individual — or
animal — to do something that directly countermands the
Bond is at +3 difficulty.)

Some of the Puppeteers' reputation for weird manner-
isms may come from failed attempts to Skinride Malkavians.
A botch on a Puppetry roll involving a Malkavian indicates

4,

rs, ene —™
Vi) be CA Aas ee ae
WAC

"Ss

that the Puppeteer picks up part the vampire's Derangement
(at Storyteller's discretion).

Werewolves

Garou aren't known for their subtlety, which is why a
werewolf often won't detect a passenger Skinriding her until
it's too late. On the other hand, if a Garou uses Sense Wyrm
while a wraith is Skinriding her, she may notice the passen-
ger, especially if the wraith has more than 4 points of tempo-
rary Angst. A Garou thus alerted has a much better chance of
resisting arts such as Sudden Movement and Master's Voice.
The Rite of Cleansing is effectively an exorcism ritual, and it
expels a Skinriding wraith instantly.

Mages

Most mages don't have advantages beyond what any other
Awakened creature has when it comes to dealing with Pup-
peters. Like a Garou using Sense Wyrm, a Mage with knowl-
edge of the Spirit Sphere may make an Arete roll to notice
the presence of a wraith Skinriding him. If the mage has at
least two levels in Spirit, she may also spend 1 Willpower
point and make a contested Willpower roll in order to drive
out the wraith.

Chapter Four: Pulling Strings 47


Changelings

Hopping into Changelings is frowned upon by the Guild
as a particularly unwise practice. Sluagh, in particular, are
nearly impossible to possess; they can sense wraiths and are
thus forewarned against them. Most fae can be easily possessed
when they are in their mortal seemings, but are almost im-
possible (difficulty for all rolls is 9) to possess when in fae
mien. It should be noted that the use of Marionette does not
give the Puppeteer access to a fae's birthrights.

Possession of the fae in their faerie seemings tends to have
nasty side effects. A wraith who Skinrides a fae will auto-
matically suffer from severe nightmares the next time he at-
tempts to Slumber, which robs him of any benefit he might
have gained from the rest. If he persists in trying to Skinride
the fae, the nightmares rapidly get worse and worse, bestow-
ing 1 point of temporary Angst after the third attempt (and 1
additional for each attempt thereafter).

Merits and Flaws

here are certain advantages and disadvan-
tages that are peculiar to the Puppeteers
as a result of their extensive use of Pup-
petry or of the Guild activities in which
they are involved. Some of these Merits
and Flaws could conceivably be possessed
by non-Guild members, but such quirks
rarely manifest outside the Guild.

These Merits and Flaws are intended to be used along
with those in the Wraith Players Guide. Up to seven points
each of Merits and Flaws may be assigned during character
creation. Mutually exclusive Merits and Flaws should not be
taken. For example, it is unlikely that a wraith possessing the
Merit: Discreet would develop the Flaw: Outrageous Accent.

Outrageous Accent (! point Flaw)

Most Puppeteers have developed a few verbal tics and
affected mannerisms as a result of frequent Skinriding. Many
also find that it takes several hours to lose the accent of a
consort whom they Skinride often, and that they can never
manage to shake their hosts' mannerisms completely. Wraiths
with this flaw, however, suffer speech problems in spades.

Perhaps you botched a Skinriding roll rather badly or went
along for the trip with a host who was using "recreational
pharmaceuticals." Whatever the cause, you are stuck with a
leftover silly accent that refuses to go away. You may sound
like Porky Pig, or perhaps you'd fit in well with the cast of
Monty Python's Flying Circus. The one constant is that the

accent you must employ is emphatically not a naturally oc-
curring one.

You may spend | Willpower point or succeed on a roll of
Wits + Linguistics (difficulty 7) to overcome the effects of
this Flaw and speak normally. The number of successes indi-
cates the number of scenes you may spend free of the accent;
spending 1 Willpower keeps you free of it for a single scene.

Enemy Consort (2 or 4 point flaw)

One of your hosts is aware of the fact that you have been
taking over her body, and she does not like it one bit. If this is
a 2-point Flaw, the consort in question is a mortal who just
happens to be particularly sensitive and astute. She knows
what is going on, but there is not much she can do about it,
other than try to report it to ghost-hunters or make talk show
appearances (both of which might get you in trouble).

If this is a 4-point Flaw, the consort is some type of super-
natural creature that you had the bad judgment to Skinride
against her will. She has probably taken up ghost-hunting, at
least as far as you are concerned, and may have contacted
other supernaturals in the area concerning your activities.

Gender Bender (3 point flaw)

You are uncomfortable Skinriding mortals who are not
of the same gender as you. All difficulties on Puppetry arts are
increased by two if you try to use them on members of the
opposite sex. You also have certain...problems when you pos-
sess hosts of the "inappropriate" gender, such as going into
the wrong restroom, engaging in "unmanly" or "unladylike"
activities, and so forth. Observers who make a successful Wits
+ Alertness roll (difficulty 9) may notice that your manner-
isms and movements are not gender-appropriate at all times
when you are in full control of a gender-bent host's body.

Racism (3 point Flaw)

In life, you were something of a bigot, and this character
trait has returned to haunt you in death. You find it very dif-
ficult to Skinride anyone who is not of the same race that you
were, and you must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) be-
fore Skinriding anyone who is not of the same general racial
type as you. All other Puppetry arts are +2 difficulty to per-
form on hosts who do not belong to your racial category.

Note: This sort of Flaw can be extended to religious af-
filiations, sexual orientations, or anything else the Storyteller
deems appropriate.

sick ssn ; sie Fa

You have a slight problem with Skinriding. You may be
very good at it, but for some reason, you have trouble separat-
ing yourself from your host. When it's time for you to depart,
you literally have to tear yourself away, and you lose 1 Tem-
porary Corpus level each time you do. The effect can be over-
come for well-Attuned consorts if you make a successful
Stamina roll (difficulty 6) when you pull out, but, even in
these cases, parting is always painful.

friendly Consort (2 point Merit

One of your consorts is aware of your activities and is
open to your presence. He may be a New Ager who is inter-
ested in "channeling," a Yuppie who is just bored and wel-
comes the change of pace or perhaps even a normal human
who's compassionate and eager to help you. Whatever the
case, the difficulty for all Puppetry rolls affecting this person
is equal to the local Shroud rating, rather than the target's
Willpower. The one exception is Obliterate the Soul; if you
attempt to use this art, the target realizes that something is
amiss and resists to the best of his ability.

Risen Contact (2 point Mert)

You helped a wraith become a Risen, and now he roams
the Skinlands. He has his own matters to attend to, of course,
but he is grateful for the help you gave him and is willing to
do you favors that he can handle more easily than you can.
This connection can also be a liability, because aiding the
Risen usually means you end up as bric-a-brac, should the
Hierarchy catch you. However, a lot of wraiths think that
having a nigh-indestructible killing machine on their side is
worth the risk.

Discreet @ point Mert)

For some reason, you've managed not to pick up any of
those annoying vocal tics and mannerisms that normally mark
your kind. You don't know why, but you've managed to resist
the curse that makes many Puppeteers take virtual vows of
silence. When the local Hierarchy troops come looking for
Renegade Skinriders, nine times out of 10 they miss you, just
because you don't fit the profile.

Confessor (3 point Merit)

Normally, Pardoners shun Puppeteers on the grounds that
Puppetry flouts the Dictum Mortuum to a degree that practi-
cally invites Oblivion. You, however, have a friend in the

Chapter Four: Pulling Strings 49


Pardoners Guild, someone who is willing to make an excep-
tion in your case and help out when your Shadow starts mis-
behaving. This exemption does not apply to your fellow Pup-
peteers, but you have someone to turn to in a hurry, should
you need the help.

friends in High Places ( - 6 point Merit)

You have friends who know what you are and who have a
vested interest in keeping you off the scrap heap. Maybe you
did them some favors in the past, or possibly you rendered
them a service that might seriously harm their reputations if
it should come to light. Regardless of the cause, you have some
protection from Hierarchy persecution. For 3 points, you might
have a local gang of Renegades or a Heretic cult protecting
you from Hierarchy patrols. Four points might mean that you
did a favor for a Marshal or a high-ranking member of an-
other Guild — and that he remembers what you did for him.
Six points might indicate that an Anacreon owes you a favor
and very much wants to keep the matter a secret.

New Archetypes

oldly going places few wraiths have gone
before, Puppeteers tend to attract some of
the more...unusual personalities in the
h| Shadowlands. Here are a few new charac-
ter Archetypes that, while not unique to
the Guild, certainly cluster there more of-
ten than they do elsewhere.

Addict

The Addict is always going overboard. One taste of a new
drug and she's hooked. One sampling of a new pleasure and
it's a habit. On the other hand, once she's gotten hooked,
she's hell on wheels if she can't get a fix. Before long, feeding
the cravings is more important than anything else, which can
lead to catastrophe — or other interesting situations.

— Regain Willpower whenever you temporarily sate your
addictions and, by doing so, help to achieve your other goals.

Megalomaniac

The Megalomaniac wants pure, unadulterated power. She
wants to control her friends, her Circle, her fellow Legion-
naires and her neighbors. Once she realizes what a big, wide
world it is out there, she'll move on to larger goals. Perhaps
she'll make a play foran Anacreon's post — or for a Deathlord's
mask. Power is the only goal she has, however, and she'll move
heaven and earth to get it.

— Regain Willpower when your actions result in your
gaining control over a person, group or situation.

Guildbook: Puppeteers

SN cae

Dependent

The Dependent needs people. She feels worthless if oth-
ers aren't showing her how much they care. A wraith with
this Nature gets involved in activities (even dangerous ones)
or learns new skills just to look good to her friends. She's afraid
to disagree with the people she respects, and she alters her
opinions to match theirs. The Dependent has a great deal of
difficulty standing up to anyone, and she is often taken ad-
vantage of by people who pick up on this failing.

— Regain Willpower when you get someone to show
approval of you or your accomplishments.

Artitacts

Hoodoo Doll isn't necessarily a doll. That
name is simply the one some of the more
H| flippant members of the Guild use for a
particular type of relic often helpful in
Skinriding. Technically, a Hoodoo Doll is
any relic created by a still-living mortal.
Possession of this relic gives the wraith a
-2 difficulty on all attempts to Skinride the relic's creator.
Often, a Puppeteer does, in fact, try to alter such a relic into a
likeness of the targeted mortal. In many cases, these modifi-
cations are disturbingly successful.

Marionette Strings (Level 5 Relic)

Only six of these items are known to exist, and every
Skinlands resident on the planet should be thankful for that
fact. By spending 1 point of Willpower and whispering the
name of her target, a wraith can thereafter use the "tuned"
Marionette Strings to affect her victim with any Puppetry art
from anywhere, at any time. The effect of this relic even
reaches through the Tempest or around the world.

Only one target can be selected at a time. This relic looks
like an intricately worked puppeteer's crosspiece, with silver
strings that dangle off into nowhere.


@) bservant wraiths (those successful on a
€| Perception + Awareness roll, difficulty 6) Consorts and Fetters
can easily spot Puppeteers' hosts in a
crowd. The telltale signs are:

© Odd blurring or tearing of the
mortal's aura

¢ The mortal's seeming immu-
nity to both Deathsight and Lifesight

Certain Puppeteers do get extremely attached to their
favorite consorts, enough that the consort becomes a 1-
point Fetter. Such cases often end in tragedy, particu-
larly if the Puppeteer is forced by circumstances to
use Obliterate the Soul on the Fettered consort.
Nevertheless, wraiths sometimes can't help form-

¢ A temporary reduction in the Shroud rating
around the formerly possessed individual

© In cases of Attunement, the appearance of
the Skinriding Puppeteer's deathmarks (visible
only to wraith eyes) as faint traceries on the
mortal's skin

While these effects have no real impact
on the mortal thus affected, they do stand
out to watchful wraiths. As such, the vigi-
lant can use the knowledge that a par-
ticular mortal has been Skinridden to
their own advantage — either by
waiting for the Puppeteer to come
back to a favorite consort and
mounting an ambush, or per-
haps by using this evidence to
build a case against a particu-
lar wraith for Dictum Mort-
uum violations.

ing emotional bonds with the mortals they §
Skinride. After sharing so much of a host's life,
many wraiths make the mistake of becoming
emotionally involved with a specific host.
While, in the short term, this arrangement
can make the experience of Skinriding
even more fulfilling than normal (par-
ticularly if a Passion involving the
host develops as well) and can make
Slumbering easier, in the long
term, being metaphysically
linked with someone who was
once nothing more than a

cheap thrill isn't always the }
best idea.

Chapter Four: Pulling Strings 51


ehind the Pu

Chapter five;

This is someone else's story
Someone that I never knew
This is someone else's body
Awvl getting through to you?
=< Oingo Boingo, "Skin"

The Puppeteers can be anyone they want,anyone at-ally Their mutability makes them hard to pin down into something ¢
as static as a series of templates. Still, collected here for your amusement are five of the ohes who were moving slowly enough {
for us to catch them. Use, abuseor refuse*them as you see fit —they'te Jikely enotigh to change who they are shortly, anyway.

Quote: "I will show you the lines of Hell on an unmarked
page." Pretty good, huh? Just came up with it myself, actually.

Prelude: You were a creator — your work was your life,
not your hobby. Without it you were...undefined. You wrote
dark things, things that made your friends turn pale, and it
felt so good. You published poetry and stories in horror maga-
zines, and you got occasional gigs singing with your metal band
at a local club. You sent copies of the work you published to
your parents — not to make them proud, but so you could
watch them squirm as they tried to come up with something
nice to say. You and your little sister always got a good laugh
out of it later.

You were good, and you knew it. Someone was going to
notice you soon. You'd be a famous singer, or maybe a novel-
ist, and everyone would know your name. You'd give the whole
world a nightmare to match the ones that devoured you at
night. One day, you finally got your chance. An agent con-
tacted you about your stories and offered to buy you lunch.
You were flying high; adrenaline was burning a hole in your
stomach. You were ready for fame. You swaggered into the
subway station and shoved aside the homeless man who asked
you for a dollar. You stood on the platform and tapped your
foot until the train came. As it rushed toward you, you saw
the homeless man from the corner of your eye. He grabbed
your arm and shoved, and the train slammed into you.

A Reaper picked you up and handed you off to the Pup-
peteers Guild. They wanted to train you and to put your tal-
ent to good use undermining their government. You didn't
care one way or another about their political problems, but,
as a payoff, they were willing to teach you to use the hands of
the living to do your writing. That interested you, and you
agreed. You got to work again, but now your words spoke of
the horrors of the Hierarchy. At first, you fed most of your
work to your sister, hoping to experience fame vicariously
through her, but, after a while, you realized that you didn't
want to draw the Hierarchy's attention to her. So you spread
out your affections and gradually collected a circle of talent
in the living world.

Concept: You're a very dangerous thing — a writer with
both a cause and a nightmare. Fame can't be far behind. Nei-
ther can martyrdom.

Roleplaying Notes: Be arrogant. Your talent makes you
superior to others, whose imprecision with language drives
you nuts. You're always tired, because you never Slumber well.
You see the horror of the world in your dreams, and you're
determined to show it to everyone else. Hurt people — terrify
them if possible — when you can get away with it. You tell
yourself it's for their own good, but you're a closet sadist and
the door is opening.

Guildbook: Puppeteers

Relics: Green pen, Red broomstick skirt, black silk shirt,
silver jewelry


Name: Nightmare Kuthor Nature: Architect life: etist
7 player: Demeanor: Bravo Death: Murder
j " Chronicle: Shadow: Monster Regret: Wanted Fame

HN svcncccccomrssomeces

Physical Social Mental

bu Strength. @@@00 Charisma @@000 Perception @0000 R

Dexterity, (OOO Manipulation__Gl @@0C@ Intelligence _@@000 |

B/)) Stamina @@@OO Appearance ©0000 Wits @e@000 |

\
re
UN

Talents Skills Knowledges

Alertness. Crafts OOOOO Bureaucracy OOOOO |
Drive. OOOOO Computer. @0000 |

| Awareness, Etiquette. OOOOO Enigmas @0000 |

| Brawl. Firearms. @@000 Investigation @@000

Dodge Leadership @0000 Law. 00000 i
|| Empathy. Meditation. OOOOO Linguistics OO0O000
Expression____—_ Melee CC® @ OOO Medicine OOOOO »
Performance. @@@00 Occult yes

Repair O0O0OO Politics 00000 |

Stealth. @O000 Science. OOOOO |

Passions Arcanoi
Make sister famous (Pride) Puppetry @@0@00

Have work pub ished (Egolsm) e0e0e@0 Usury, @0000 ©
Become famous (Vontty) e@@00 btinidation @e@000 .

00000 Mremosynis @@000 |

00000 00000 |
00000 00000
00000 00000 |

Ops POeeoe: sooo or kis mooooe
eeaoee0aen @@@0000000

OQOO0000 OO00000000%
Spectre Prestige (2)
Trick of the Light

aoe. Datk Pasion Coco oc
Pathos DOOoSE Himbste sister (Em) e@@0e@00
BB BS OD Shererightmeres (Loathing) @@@@O |


Quote: I betrayed God. There's no worse crime than that,
and I shall pay for all eternity.

Prelude: You taught religion classes at a small Catholic
school and lived with your young wife. Life wasn't perfect —
money was always short, and you and your wife had some bad
fights at times — but it was good enough. Then the war came.
You honestly believed it was your duty to serve your country,
and so, you enlisted to fight. You were killed by a sniper's
bullet less than six months later. You were given little time to
contemplate the disparity between your teachings and the
reality of death; you and a couple of soldiers from your unit
barely escaped the Jade Emperor's Reapers on the other side.
You fled and eventually reached Stygian territory, where you
were drafted into the Grim Legion.

After you settled into the Legion routine, you finally had
time to think. You decided you must be in Purgatory, where
you clearly needed to work off your sin of putting patriotism
before God. Obviously, fighting for the Legions was not the
right way to do so, and you told your superiors you couldn't
serve in the ranks anymore. They transferred you to a desk
job, but it wasn't good enough. You wanted to be able to prac-
tice your religion openly, and the Hierarchy wasn't going to
go for that.

Eventually, you found your wife. She was alive and well,
but you discovered that she had birthed your son while you
were away at war. When she'd learned you were dead, she'd
given him up for adoption; she'd decided she didn't want to
care for him on her own. Rage consumed you, and you vowed
to find your son. While you were still looking, your wife
remarried. Love and anger still warred
within you, and she then became
the focus of your attention
more than ever before.
You were so determined
to be with her again
that you learned how to
Skinride her new hus-
band. You had
thought her lost to
you forever, and the
pleasure of being with
her again was stagger-
ing. You had to find
someone to teach you
more, and eventually,
through friends of friends
of friends, you found your
way to the Puppeteers
Guild.

You recently made contact with a Heretic who shares
your views on religion and the Hierarchy. He promised to get
you safely out of Stygia, but he wants you to stay where you
are a little longer, so you can feed information to him and his
people. You're glad to finally be able to help a fellow servant
of God, but you don't know how much longer you can stay
where you are without snapping.

Concept: You gave up your love and your life fighting in
a war that didn't belong to you. It's time to pay for that, and
everything you do is penance for your sins. You need to get
away from the Hierarchy before it pushes you over the edge;
before long, either you or your Shadow will betray you to the
Unlidded Eye.

Roleplaying Notes: Play the good soldier for now, but
you'll become increasingly upset and reluctant to carry out
your orders if you don't get out soon. Spend any free time
looking for your son and keeping an eye on your wife. Struggle
between love for your wife and rage at her for giving up your
son. See any bad things that happen to you as your just due
— you're a martyr suffering in the name of religion.

Relics: A small gold cross you keep hidden under your
uniform, sidearm, Legion identification and clearance papers


Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Follower Death: Wer
Shadow: Martyr Regret: Put country before God

Social Mental

@@@00 Charisma @@000 Perception
OO Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence
@@@@0 Appearance @ee@00 Wits

fill

ia Talents Skills
S K Alertness @@@00 Crafts OOOOO Bureaucracy.

Drive. @0000 Computer.
Etiquette. OOOOO Enigmas
Firearms, @@@00 Investigation.
Leadership @0000 Law
Meditation. OOOOO Linguistics.
Melee. @@000 Medicine

Intimidation, Performance OOO0O0O Occult

\\) Streetwise. Repair. OOOOO Politics

f \ Subterfuge Stealth @@000 Science
A\

]
H iy Backgrund aaa =
A Wa Rete (Cross) Find son (Love) @@@00 Puppetry
i Alles Reunite with wife (Loneliness) @@000 Lifeweb :
Serve God (Fath) e@eeeee Keenhg

00000 Argos

00000

00000

00000

@ee@eeoooo0oo0
QOO0O0ROD0000 4

Kura of Corruption / Shadow Call /
Bag Luck / Shadowed Face

Kil wife (Rage) e00ee0
Betray God (Vengeance) eeee@0

Guild Marks o-oo-ore

Kequired Personalttles


Mole in the Big Anthl

Quote: Life is a network, and I have the root password.

Prelude: Your father wanted you to be a doctor, but you
loved computers. Nobody on the reservation thought you
could do it, but you picked up some scholarships and went to
Cal Tech. You majored in computer science and graduated
with an almost-perfect GPA; you made it by keeping out of
trouble. Your father wanted you to use your education to
help your people, but you wanted to do something for your-
self. You got a job as a system administrator for a large
financial company — and found out what you'd
been missing.

Power.

You liked power. You had only a corner of
one company under your control, but you
milked it for all it was worth. No one else
understood the computer system, so you got
away with a lot. You ordered what equipment
you wanted, rushed accounts for people you
liked, delayed them for people you didn't, and
even changed a couple of files when that bas-
tard Greeley complained about you. He was
gone within the week. You had a wonderful secre-
tary in your group, Warren. He taught you a lot
about dealing with bureaucracy, and, in return,
you slipped him some extra storage space and
equipment that just got "lost." You kept an
autographed poster of Gillian Anderson on your
door and a copy of Women in Technology promi-
nently displayed on your shelf, and everything
was Coming up roses.

You were walking home from the office
late one night when you heard a scraping
sound behind you, and then, everything went
dark. You never knew what happened. You
were Reaped by aslaver and sold to a group
of Renegades looking for reinforcements.

The thing was, you couldn't stay
away from the Quick. With the back-
ing of your new bosses, you easily ma-
nipulated the employees of your old
company, especially with Warren's
unwitting help. However, you got
distracted one time too often and
your Renegades eventually
traded you off to the Puppe-
teers Guild. One day, one of
the higher-ups said there
was a desk position open
under a Deathlord, and they

wn

Guildbook: Puppeteers

needed someone to go in undercover. You volunteered. You
wanted to climb higher in the Guild, and the best way you
could think of to get there quickly was to prove yourself in-
valuable through assignments like this one.
While working for the Beggar Lord, you discovered that
the Deathlords have been influencing deaths in the Skinlands
in order to gain more souls. You even came to
suspect that the Beggar Lord may have had
something to do with your own death, and
now, you're debating what to do about it.
Maybe the Guild will help you; maybe you'll
have to force the Guild's hand. Time will tell.
Concept: You're a budding megalo-
maniac, whose mission is more about
N leverage than about helping your
Mi friends. You collect as much infor-
5 mation as you can and pass it
back to the Guild, but it's much
more satisfying to get involved
yourself. Manipulating one
company doesn't take that
much skill, but manipulat-
ing the Deathlords....
Roleplaying Notes:
You're a charming, if occasionally
haughty bureaucrat. It's worth sitting at
a desk if that's what's required to ascend
the next few rungs on the Guild ladder,
but you itch to get back under the skin
of the living. Nothing beats the feel-
ing of watching the lives of the Quick
fall into the patterns you've created.
Relics: Eyeglasses, pepper
spray, Programmer Barbie™


iD) Nane: Moke h the Big Koti Nature: Megelomerac life Sysadmin
Player: Demeanor: Leader Death: Mystery
Chronicle: Shadow: Paranoid Regret: Wanted power

Attributes

Physical Social Mental

bs @O00O Charisma. @@@00 Perception @@000 |
| Dexterity. @@00 ManipulationPersuesve  @@@@@ Intelligence_Astute eeee0
8) Stamina @O00O0 Appearance. @@000 Wits @e@000

| pocceoccccceccocoes Mbilites /
fe Talents stills {
* Alertness @0000 Crafts OOOOO Bureaucracy. @e@e@00 { ‘
3 a Athletics OOOOO Drive. @@000 Computer
| Awareness, @OOOO Etiquette OOOOO Enigmas.
00000 Firearms @0000 Investigation
OOOOO Leadership. @@@00 Law
OQOOOO Meditation, OOOOO Linguistics
OOOOO Melee OOOOO Medicine
| if Intimidation, @@000 Performance @0000 Occult.
ff) Screeewise OOOOO Repair @@000 Politics
} \ Subterfuge. @@@00 Stealth OOOOO Science

i Arcanoi
Meripultte people (hewitt)  @@@@@ Puppetry @e@000
Goh power (Greed) @ecee bhatt — 0000
OO0000 OO0O000
00000 00000
00000 OO0000
OO0000 OO0000
00000 00000

~Docootiishoooocs |)
@@eoo0000g000
QOO0000000

Thoms CoBoOoos
Tainted Touch / Freudian Slip /
Dark Rlles (1)

OO0000

ty a. (Selt-dub+) @@@@@
1 mM efrress 8B EBB OOO OD Betray Gus Hetrea) ee0e

Kequired Personalities


Puppetry junki

Quote: I swear, this is the last Skinride, then I'm off it. Just
wanna feel the rush one more time, that's all. I swear it.

Prelude: You were a prostitute and small-time thief. All
that mattered was making enough money to support your
heroin addiction and your baby girl. The life didn't bother
you that much; you did what you had to do in order to get by.
You'd never done anything big — no grand theft, no murder
— but you knew you could do anything you had to do. God
knows, there were people you'd seen who deserved killing.

It seemed particularly ironic when you were arrested, tried
and convicted for a brutal murder that you honestly hadn't
committed. The old "thoughts are a sin too" catechism came
back to haunt you. You laughed all the way to death row, and
even the priest couldn't figure out why. You weren't laughing
when they gave you the lethal injection, though, or when
your eyes closed for the last time and your heart stopped.

A Reaper brought you to the Citadel and left you there
in the Silent Legion's tender care. You tried to fit in for a
while, but all you could think about was heroin. You knew
you shouldn't need it, but that didn't matter. You didn't just
need it, you wanted it. You were in love with it. When you
were alive, there was no other feeling as good — not sex, not
money, not sunshine, not music. Now that you were dead, it
was more true than ever. Everything in the Shadowlands was
dull, muted, damped, muffled. You wanted to feel again! You'd
rather fall to Oblivion than live in this half-world.

After a little experimentation, your daughter's _foster-
parents were easy enough to control. Once again, you felt the
wind on your face. You even deliberately burned the wife's
hand in a candle flame, just to feel the sensation. It was won-
derful — but it wasn't enough. You started seeking out junk-
ies and addicts and riding them. It was glorious; you were home
again.

Concept: You're a junkie through and through. In life,
you cared only about heroin and your daughter. Not much
has changed, except that Skinriding itself has become your
new addiction.

Roleplaying Notes: You want your fix. You want to wear
a new body and feel a new drug in its veins. Care for your
daughter when possible, but sensations distract you. Pay lip
service to your Legion and, if they find you, to the Guild, but
you don't give a damn about the details.

Relics: Needle, length of rubber hose, blackened spoon

60 Guildbook: Puppeteers
* ye am Oy" Peg
Ew Op, SK TSN
Y, 5S in Tt yeas Se ~ Bat Se


@@000
fete)

@@O00O Appearance__Sety @ee0@0 Wits

@@000
@0000
@0000
00000
@@000
00000
00000
@0000
@e@000
@e08@00

Athletics
| Awareness,
Brawl,

y ' Dodge.

i Empathy.

| Expression.

| Intimidation,

| Subterfuge

Nature: Addict
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Shadow: The Freak

Death: Execution
Regret: Wrongful death

Social
@e@e@00
e@00

Charisma.
Manipulation.

Abilities
Skills
Crafts,
Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee
Performance.

00000
@@000
00000
@@000
00000
00000
@®0000
@ee00
00000
@0000

Repair.
Stealth,

Mental
@@000

Perception.
Intelligence
Levelheaded

Knowledges
Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas.
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics.
Medicine
Occult
Politics
Science.

Backgrounds

| Notoriety @0000

Passions

Protect daughter (Love) @@e@00

| Haunt @@000

Get another fit (Desire) rYY.1)

@0000

Prove Innocence (Outrage) @@000

» Relk (Needle) @0000

00000

@@000

00000

O0000

00000

00000

00000
OOO000
OOO00O0

Guild Marks >-e-o-o-o-e

Kequired Personatties

poo. Willpower ecoocoes

Poe. Pathos pDoeocoe:

BEBBBOUOOU00

Arcanoi
Puppetry @@000 |
Mremos @0000

Mnemosynis _
Molate @0000

Us @ee@00 |

00000 | —

OO0000

00000 |.~

Shadow Life

Get daughter addkted (1 ) @@e0e0
Free crimbals(Revenge) @ecee0 |


Quote: Come on, where else are you gonna find soulforged
stuff like this so cheap? Hey, I'm cool with the Anacreon — no
way do you get in trouble for toting this.

Prelude: You hated the idea of getting a job just like ev-
eryone else's. You weren't cut out to be a desk jockey. You
didn't want to punch a time clock or keep regular hours. You
didn't want to pay taxes. Instead, you moved from place to
place and conned people out of their money. You sold nonex-
istent real estate. You convinced investors to back your café,
your retail computer store, your gaming company and your
cookbook club, and you ran out with the money every time.
Keeping one step ahead of the law was a game you played
with skill and precision.

It was a woman who tripped you up, in the end: You slept
with the wrong man's wife and earned yourself a faceful of
buckshot for your efforts. The sucker didn't even give you a
chance to buy him off!

Your introduction to the Shadowlands was quick and
messy. The Hierarchy picked you up. At first, you were sure
you'd ended up on the wrong side of the law at long last: They
just gave you a job and forgot about you. It was a desk job,
and it was utterly frustrating. To keep yourself occupied, you
spent more and more time watching the Quick, and you found
a new pleasure in Skinriding them and touching the world
with their fingers.

Your Marshal found out about your extracurricular ac-
tivities, somehow. Instead of throwing you to the forges, how-
ever, she offered you a new job. She needed people to track
down the Puppeteers and fight them with their own weap-
ons. She needed someone who could correct the damage the
Guild did in the living world.

You jumped at the chance. You'd be able to keep your
own hours, work in the field, and continue some of your
Skinriding, all with the blessing of the government. You
wouldn't have to worry anymore about the law. You were more
than happy to turn in a few worthless Renegades for such privi-
lege.

Concept: You're a Hierarchy Puppeteer. You use your skills
to catch Puppeteers and turn them over to the forges. Con-
ning Renegades is generally more dangerous than conning
little old ladies out of their life savings, but that just makes
existence a touch more interesting.

Roleplaying Notes: You hate regular schedules and rou-
tines. Everything should be new and interesting, fresh and }
constantly exciting. The best thing about your job is that it |
takes you to places you'd never see otherwise. You feel little
or no guilt about betraying the confidence of the Renegades
you befriend; it's their own fault for believing you.

Relics: Three-piece suit, soulforged stiletto, notepad, pen

Guildbook: Puppeteers


é

: Physical
Strength.

| Dexterity,

| Stamina.

Talents

Alertness.
»| Athletics
| Awareness.

Brawl,

Dodge.
||) Empathy.

_ Expression.
y Intimidation

\| Subterfuge

@@6@00
000
@@000

OO0000
OO0O000
00000
OO0000
00000
@@000
@0000
00000
00000
@@000

Nature: Conniver
Demeanor: Mediator
Shadow: The Retionalst

Attributes
Social
Charisma @e@000
Manipulation Persvasve [e)
Appearance___  @@WOO

‘a
Crafts. 00000
Drive. @e@000
Etiquette. @@000
Firearms. @0000
Leadership. @ee00
Meditation. 00000
Melee @0000
Performance @e@0@00
Repair. @0000
Stealth OO0000

Passions
Hunt Puppeteers (Confidence) @@OOO

Explore Shadowlands (Curbstty) @@@@O

Con people (hsecurity) e0e0ee0

00000

00000

00000

00000

life: Con Krtist
Death: Murger
Regret: Lost the game

Mental

Perception.
Intelligence
Wits.

Knowledges

Bureaucracy.

Computer.

Enigmas.

Investigation.

Law

Linguistics

Medicine
Occult

Politics
Science.

Arcanoi }
Puppetry @e0e00
Krgos @@000 f
Lifeweb @0000 |
Outrage @0000

Usury @0000
00000 |

00000 |
moc MIstooooos |
eeo0c00c00c00000:.
ODOO0GBO0000)

Thoms Soocroec |
Devils Dare
hfamy (1)

Dark PASSIONS Oroooc |
Kil murderer (Revenge) @0000
Destroy Puppeteers (Evy) @@@@O ||
Betray Hierarchy (Resectmest) @@@@O


S
And if those who think you are worthless contradict you, and if
those whom you call your friends abandon you, and if they want to de-
stroy you because of your precious ideas: what is this obvious danger,
which concentrates you inside yourself, compared with the cunning en-
mity of fame, which makes you innocuous by scattering you all around?
— Rainer Maria Rilke, "[Ibsen]" (Stephen Mitchell, transla-

tor)

Richard McConaughey

I wanted to do good for people. I knew I couldn't fix all
of the world's ills, but at the same time, I knew that I could at
least make a dent in them.

It started when I was young; television was just becom-
ing popular — going from a luxury to the beginning of a com-
monality — and I was fascinated by this new mediums possi-
bilities.

I began with puppets. At first, they were a means to an
end (that end being "getting on the air somehow"), but they
quickly became a passion overriding everything else. | had a
tiny show, twice a day ona local station. People noticed, and
before long, I graduated to commercials. I created some of the
first entertaining advertisements. People noticed me, but it
wasn't enough. I wanted to put a smile on everyone's face.
There were things | was willing to do for my art that I'd never
have done otherwise.

I did everything I could for my little shows and commer-
cials: writing the skits, directing, painting the backgrounds. |
wanted to do things no one else had ever done. To me, it
wasn't work — it was beauty. My wife and I eventually had
several wonderful children. Observing them, finding out what
they liked and how they learned, was what convinced me to
work on a true children's show.

Some of my friends in the Guild tell me I reached chil-
dren all over the world, that my work made a difference. |
only hope they're right. With the talents I collected, | made a
movie with both puppets and real actors, and I made them do
things no one had ever dreamed of before. More movies and
shows followed, and I managed to put smiles on the faces of
millions of children (not to mention a few grownups, as well).
I even dared to hope that, when | died, the world would be a
little better than I had found it.

One day, I checked myself into a hospital. I felt a little
ill, but I didn't expect anything serious; Lord knew I'd fought
off bugs before. This time was a little different, though —

hours later, I was dead, and a slaver Reaped me. He didn't
get far with me, though, as he was attacked almost im-
mediately by a Puppeteer who took me with her in-
stead. Along the way, she told me what a difference
my work had made to her as she was growing up. It was

humbling, somehow.
So many years of
manipulating pup-
pets, cameras,
and people's
emotions paid off Ap
on this side of
the Shroud. I
found Puppetry
to be a natural
extension of
my life's work;
people were
my new me-
dium. 1 didn't
care about Guild
politics, at first; I
just wanted to do my
work. | watched over
my company from the
Shadowlands and
helped out my
children
and

old friends when I thought they might need a
hand. Then, someone in the Guild decided I
{could be doing something more useful, more
productive. Around the same time, my
company hired someone new who used a
few too many words like "profit" and "mar-
ketability." It became obvious he didn't care
about the vision that had made my work
great. | couldn't leave my company then.

I was going to make a simple protest. I
was just going to refuse to leave what was
important to me. Somehow, it nearly turned
into a civil war, with factions forming;

people who'd grown up to my work backed me, and
some others backed the Guild official. In the end,
the official was ousted, and I got stuck in his place —
mostly due to apathy on the part of his supporters, I sus-
pect, rather than the number of mine. It wasn't what | wanted,
but it did get me the results I'd wished for. | was more or less
in charge of my own actions, and I even had some influence
over other people's work. The first thing I did was to have
someone in the company manipulated into firing the new
marketing man. I have more responsibilities now, but more
control as well, and it's worth it.

I don't care what the Hierarchy says; you can't tell me
making people happy is a crime or that making the world a
better place is wrong. I've ignored the rules all my life, doing
things they said couldn't be done. | don't intend to stop now.
Some in the Guild tell me I'm a fool, that what I'm doing can
only lead to my own destruction, but what else can | do? I
have an obligation to do what I can for the children.

Brigitte Gebauer

Let me ride on the Wall of Death one more time

You can take your chances on the other rides

But this is the nearest to being alive

Oh, let me take my chances on the Wall of Death

— Richard Thompson, "Wall of Death"

In my living days, I was a contemporary of Sigmund Freud.
I even studied under him, for a year; the man was a genius
(even if he did have an obsession with sex). As part of my
student work, I experimented with the process of psychoanaly-
sis and discovered that I liked it. | liked listening to people's
innermost thoughts. I liked knowing what they did when no
one else was looking. | liked hearing about their perversions
and their sicknesses. | would listen to their accounts and dream
that I was the one doing the things they spoke of. It was the
next best thing to being there.

It all came crashing down far too soon, of course. I died
of pneumonia, an inglorious death. A patrol from the Skel-
etal Legion reaped me, and I was taken back to Vienna's
Necropolis for processing. I worked at a Hierarchy desk job,

Punches and judys 65


but I couldn't stay away from the Quick. I loved being able to
watch them when they were alone; it was better than listen-
ing to it. Then, I met someone who said he could teach me
how to get even closer. He said I could watch from the inside,
and even feel what the Quick were experiencing. I thought
I'd found Heaven; I'd be able to live other people's perversi-
ties. The only catch was that I'd have to turn on the Hier-
archy and give the Puppeteers Guild any information |

could on the bureaucrats. Well, that was an easy

choice to make.

Joining the Puppeteers Guild was like going
home. It was a whole organization of deviants and voy-
eurs. | understood these people — they were a lot like
me, and I'd been trained to study and treat them. Even
better, they were fairly easy to manipulate. I rose through
the ranks with ease, while spending my spare time Skinriding
serial killers, rapists, child molesters, junkies and every brand
of pervert I could find. I spent my time in the Guild learning
what made the members tick and what their buttons were.
My experience with psychoanalysis had made me a good lis-
tener, and what people wouldn't tell me themselves, I could
find out through observation and listening to others.

The Guild political structure is a tough one to figure
out; it resembles disorganization, but that's mostly a ruse.
I've convinced, helped, blackmailed and fought my way
up it over the past several decades, but the view is no less
confusing from where I sit now. It's hard to tell, but I don't
think I'm all that far from the top anymore. I'm maybe
one or two levels below that group of counselors who
serve Marionette herself, and I plan to be a member of
that group by the end of the next decade. I'm sure I could
do it sooner, but that would mean curtailing my explo-
rations among the Quick, which I have no desire to do.

Speaking of joyriding the Quick, I've found that

Skinriding the dregs of humanity isn't enough any-
more. My tastes have—ahem—degraded, and the
small perversities don't quite cut it. It can be hard to
find a rapist or murderer on short notice. | don't have
the time, these days, to follow likely prospects around.
I have a few helpers who find people for me, but
even that takes me only so far — and I'm not sure
how much I can trust my helpers. My Shadow's made
a few good points about that, you know.

These days, I help things along: | find people
who've slid a bit down the path to corruption and
give them a helping shove the rest of the way.

I've broken a few people this way, but as far as I
can tell, I'm just speeding up a natural process.
It goes against what I was taught, but I long ago
gave up heeding my upbringing in favor of sat-
isfying my tastes.

Guildbook: Puppeteers


show that you cannot trust scholars; they never know a true
genius when they see one. If only I could have continued to {
Rah! Rah! Rasputin! Lover of the Russian Queen! advise the Tsarina Alexandra, my beloved Russia would never {
There was a cat who really was gone! have fallen, and those Godless Bolsheviks would never have
Rah! Rah! Rasputin! Russia's greatest love machine! empower Alas, thanks to those fools at COUrT, SO par
TGias30' bad Tout he carted ont thetic they could not even get an assassination straight, I was
taken from the Romanov family when they needed my ad-
vice the most.
Once I was finally dead, | realized that God must have
a higher purpose for me. It is up to us, those whom God
decides must linger after death, to save all men from
damnation and Oblivion. People these days, they have
no fear of death or God or Hell anymore. It is all this
science nonsense, filling their heads with silly stories
about apes and atoms...but I digress.

Once I knew what had happened and that |
was chosen, I met other wraiths. Some of them
were as bad as the courtiers in the palace. All

of St. Petersburg seemed to be in the hands of |
fools who were as stuffy and blind as the
mortal ministers. They had obviously lost

their way, and many seemed glad that I was
among them, instead of living any longer.

Then, finally, I met a man who
made sense. Misha, he was called.
Here was a man who truly knew God's
will, and to prove it, he could place

his very soul in the bodies of the liv-

ing. He showed me how I could see

through the bodies of mortals, but,
more importantly, he told me of the
fight we must make against those
who would keep separate from the
living those Dead whom God has
chosen. It was Misha who told me
how the men of science were lead-
ing mankind astray, away from God
and faith, and that this folly was
damning men's souls to Oblivion
when they died. It was then that I :
began to understand God's plan
for us more fully. I had been cho-
sen to make sure that man did not |
forget about demons and devils
and follow the men of science to
Hell. Within months, I joined
with those others who were
given the power to move the
bodies of the living, and we be-
gan our great work together.
Alas, I was not in time to stop
those foul murderers from kill-
ing the Tsar, but some things

— Boney M., "Rasputin"

Good day. I am Rasputin. Of course, you have
heard others make that claim. You may have
laughed and said, "No, Rasputin is dead," —
as if that would stop me. You may have said,
"No, I've met Rasputin, and you are not he."
You may have been right, but you were prob-
ably wrong, because I have been many
people. I am everywhere!

What, you find that hard to
believe? You laugh like that
bunch of stupid Cossacks who
strutted and pranced in Tsar
Nicky's court. They thought
poison would stop me.
When that didn't work,
they thought bullets
would stop me. When
that didn't work, they
thought hitting me over
the head and dumping

me ina frozen river would
stop me. Hah! That only «
made it easier. No one can
stop Rasputin now, because
Rasputin can be anyone! Not ,
just mortals either, no! In my
travels, I have been half-a-
dozen different vampires,
three mages, four ghouls,
seven gypsies, and more
mortals than I can count. It ,
is most amusing to get two
clans of vampires con-
vinced that the infamous
Rasputin is one of them.
You should see the argu-
ments!

So, where to begin?
My life as a mortal is
written about in all the
history books. Such
scandalous things they
write there! They say I
was mad, insane, fa-
natical. It just goes to

Punches and judys 67


are more important even than kings.

Much as it pains me, I can no longer pay attention to my
beloved Russia alone. Everywhere, the living people must stop
listening to the nonsense of the politicians and scientists, and
remember their fear. They cannot be saved if they think there
is nothing after death to be saved from. Even the vampires
and the mages need to be convinced, for they do not see the
truth. This is the purpose that I was chosen for, and this is the
crusade I have dedicated myself to. They must know that
Rasputin is still here, and he will not be silenced, not even by
death, for he speaks the truth.

Colin Grant

A window on the stars

The journey of the few

Watching it all survive

Te's all I can do

— Runrig, "Canada"

Do you know what it is to be homesick for a home that
no longer exists? It is the bitterest thing | have known in my
two-and-a-half centuries.

In 1745, our bonny prince returned to Scotland to claim
the throne that had been stolen from the Stuarts. In that same
year, I was born in a small village on the banks of the river
Dee. By the time I learned to walk, the rebellion was over,
the prince was fled and my father was dead. With such auspi-
cious beginnings, | should have known better what my exist-
ence was to be.

You must understand that, though my life was hard in
those early years, it was happy. I loved my mother and my
brothers and sister, and together, we managed to get through
the hard times. I still remember what our house looked like,
where the hearth, the door and the table were. I still remem-
ber how it smelled in summer, when my mother hung herbs
up to dry, and I remember the face of Mrs. Rennie in the next
house, as she and mother gossiped while they hung the wash-
ing out to dry. Most of all, | remember the countryside, with
its gorse-covered fields by the side of the river.

I was 17 when I took my first steps down that final road,
though I didn't know it at the time. Work was scarce, and my
family needed money. There was war in Europe and a need
for soldiers both there and in the American colonies. | was
young and foolish, and I believed it would be a good thing to
be a soldier having great adventures while I also earned money
for my family. For the first three years, I was lucky and didn't
see much action, and I wasn't away from home for more than
a few months. Then, they sent us to the New World, and my
luck changed.

The French and the Indians were making trouble in the
colonies, and, as a result, our orders were to protect settle-
ments in Ontario. The small towns and villages made me miss
home, for the people were so like those I'd left behind, and it

was as if I'd found home again in this harsh, untamed place.
Things went well enough for several months, then the worst
happened.

It wasn't much of a battle, mind you. There were barely a
dozen of us, just doing a bit of scouting at one of the smaller
settlements. | think it was the Huron in the pay of the French
who attacked us, but it hardly matters now. Whoever they
were, they knew the land, and they knew how to fight men
with muskets. They took us by surprise and slaughtered us.
We tried to fight them off, but there were too many of them,
and they had muskets as well. The best we could do was buy
time for the settlers to make a run for it down to the creek.

After the initial volley, all we could do was bayonets,
which wasn't good enough. John fell first, with a musket ball
in his belly. I saw Jimmy go down as well, and Andrew; both
bloody ends, but mercifully quick. I think I was the last stand-
ing, though I can't be sure. Suddenly, it was quiet, and there
were three of them in front of me. | knew that the most |
could do was to make this more costly for them. I brought
another one down, but at the same time, one of their knives
sprouted from my chest. The last thing I saw was the cabins
burning, William and Jean's house, and Donald's home be-
yond. I thought, what a horrible waste it all was, all their
work gone in the space of an hour. We'd put up such a pitiful
show of defense, and in half a year, no one would remember
this battle or this place, too small even to have a name yet.

I stayed, and | remembered. There weren't many other
ghosts in the area back then. The colonies were small still,
and, even in death, we stayed clear of the natives. They had
their ghosts as well, but we kept a respectful distance from
one another. They stayed away from the burned-out cabins, |
stayed away from their burial ground, and we got along just
fine.

Eventually, new settlers came along. I learned to Skinride
on my own; I seemed to have a natural talent for it. At first, I
just watched, but I didn't have the patience to keep to watch-
ing long. Even though these people were not my kin, and this
place was not my home, it was still my duty to protect them.
I may have been given that duty by a government that I never
liked or trusted, but I'd be damned if I was going to have died
in vain. By the time the Guilds, the Hierarchy and all that
went with them showed up in any force, I was well accus-
tomed to my new existence.

I found the others, the Puppeteers, when they arrived. If
you know what to look for, you can tell when other people
have been Skinriding, and so I found them. It turned out that
the Guildsmen and I were like-minded enough, so I joined
up. What's the point of sitting idly by and watching, when,
with a little help from you, others can avoid the pain you've
been through? The devil take Charon, if he hasn't already,
and his blasted Code of the Dead! If it's such a good thing,
then why is every great house or castle in Scotland said to be


wraiths who wish to Rise. It brings the living and the Dead
closer, as they should be, and it gives people a second chance
I went home once. Travel is difficult for the Dead, but 1 _ It's a second chance I could never have, for my body had long
had to see my home again. It was a disappointment. When | _ since rotted to naught, but it's a chance I vowed to make cer-
finally got there, there was no home to see — just a few foun- tain was available to whomever I met who needed it. If the
dation stones and a new paved road heading west. It seems _ Legionnaires don't like it, that's what the soulforged bayonet
that sheep were more important than people to those who _ is for, and if anybody who wants to stop me died anywhere in
Canada, then he'd best pay close attention to his Fetters

what we do for the living ones we love.

owned the land, and the people had been moved

I've probably pulled a few dozen out of the grave. |

out to make room for the animals. I don't know
why, but I was angrier than I'd ever been. I can't tell you exactly how many, but it's been enough
wanted to tear up the paving stones OR AD.

to make a difference. More than that, for a century
I've been teaching others in the Guild how to use
wanted to go to CCC aaa a8 the Ancient Arts. My students and I make sure that
the nearby rail the Guild Reaps our consorts; we owe it to the Quick
line and tie the for their help, and we know them
rails in knots. I wanted to
take the soft, fat men in
suits and make them understand

what really mattered. | didn't.
There is a limit to what you can
do through a borrowed body, es-

pecially if you care what condi-
tion you leave the body in, and
no matter what they say, it's still

not as satisfying as doing it

yourself. I did what I could

through the best hosts I could
find, then I left.

on the road, I

well enough to trust them

Some say I take too many

risks, but the fact is that

the Guild is stronger in my part

of the world than anywhere else, and

we have made a difference in the Skinlands. The
Deathlords can put that in their pipe and smoke
it, and they can stay the Hell out of my work while
they're at it.

It was that trip that made
me think of the Risen. We Pup-
peteers have always made it a
policy to help them, and help


Dexterity.
Stamina,

Talents
Alertness.
Athletics,
Awareness,
Brawl.
Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression,
Intimidation.
Streetwise
Subterfuge.

@0000

Charisma.

@0000 Perception.

@0O000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence.

@0000

00000

Appearance.

Crafts,

Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms
Leadership.
Meditation,
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth,

@0000 Wits.
Abilities
Skills
OOOOO Bureaucracy.
OOOOO Computer.
OOOOO Enigmas
OOOOO Investigation.
OOOOO Law
OOOOO Linguistics.
OOOOO Medicine.
OOOO0O Occult.

OOOOO Politics.
OOOOO Science.

Mental

Knowledges

00000
00000
00000
00000
OO0000
00000
OO0000
00000
00000
00000

Pasions

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

sooo ATI) ~oOooO-o

00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000


{ Age Apparent Age Date of Birth, R.LP. Gender.
i Weight. Hair. Eyes. Race
Garb,

SH#adOW

| Psyche: Archetype:
| Shadoweuide Player:

Thorns Angst Dark Passions
0000000000 ee
odao90a0000—————oo00

O0000
O0000

Psyche Willpower 00000

00000
O000000000 GOOG


panded Belg

Hierarchy/Renegade/Heretic Status

Memoriam

Notoriety

Artifacts

Favorite Consort Profil

Guild Secrets known


Mert Type Cost flaw Type

00000 Total:

00000
00000 Total Sent On:
00000

00000
00000
| 00000
| 00000
00000
00000
00000

DUCRIN sc oomocecs )

Ancient/New Arts Known

Standing

Ran

Guild Contacts

Apprenticed To: i

Weapon Difficulty] Damage|Conceal] Range | Rate | Pathos] [Brawling Table 9

bar See pea a Bs.
Punch 6 Strength
Grapple 6 ‘Strength
Claw 6 Serength +2
Kick 7 ‘Strength +1
BodySlam 7 Special; see Options



Yet, though | am
auilty of that sin
ove. ican still
mnake other folk turn
away from it and bitterly
repent.

— Geoffrey Chaucer, "The Pardoner's Tale"


@) rom her window in the tiny peak-roof
f) chamber that served as her living quarters,
Sister Acceptance gazed out at the
cityscape of Stygia. The gothic spires of
F4| the cathedral-like building that served as
3| the main Chapter House of the Society of

Pardoners rose high into what constituted
the sky above the Underworld's greatest city. Sister Accep-
tance smiled as her keen hearing caught the sound of mur-
mured voices carrying upward from the ground-floor audience
hall, which occupied what would have been the nave of a
true cathedral.

Brother Tenacious' latest retreat was in full swing, as cu-
rious wraiths intermingled with would-be Pardoners and oath-
bound Guild members. The series of meditations, seminars,
readings and exercises would continue for at least three more
days. The merely curious would depart after the first day, their
fears about the secret doings of their confessors at least some-
what alleviated. From the wraiths who stayed to complete
the rigorous regimen of doled information and private intro-
spection, the Pardoners would choose their next batch of re-
cruits.

Ina little while, this will no longer concern me. Sister Ac-
ceptance repeated the phrase over and over again to herself
to let its implications take hold. For the last half-century, she
had served as Supreme Master of the Society of Pardoners.

Before that time, she had served as Charon's confessor and
confidante. Assuming the leadership of the Pardoners Guild
was a step down from that august and honored position.

Her eyes focused inadvertently on the view beyond the
ranks of buildings that made up the Eternal City of Death.
Stretching outward until they disappeared in an opaque, gray
mist, the waters of the Sunless Sea compelled her attention.

That was where it happened, where my world ended in shame
and horror. In her mind, Sister Acceptance saw again the
cloaked figure sail resolutely from the harbor in his fragile
reed boat, as he took the part of a simple Ferryman for one
last time. Before him, the waters roiled, malicious and fore-
boding.

No! Her blackened fingers dug into her palms as tears of
hot plasm blurred her vision and turned the whole of Stygia
into a watery landscape. I will not think of this — not just yet.

A soft knock on her door interrupted her reverie. With-
out waiting for a reply, Sister Rapture entered the room qui- §
etly. "I hope I'm not disturbing you, but you did send for me."
The Grand Master of Scourges crossed the room to embrace
her superior, a gesture which contained both genuine warmth
and sisterly respect.

Sister Rapture had served as Acceptance's confessor for
nearly as long as Acceptance herself had ministered to Charon.
The women had few secrets between them. But, as always,
there were some things that even a confidante could not know.
The Supreme Master extricated herself gently from Sister
Rapture's greeting. Still holding on to her fellow Pardoner's
elbow, she steered the dark-haired, olive-skinned wraith to-

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls 71


ward one of the two chairs in the room. Seating herself in the
other one, Sister Acceptance concentrated on her friend's
presence.

"Have you learned anything else since you last reported
to me?"

Sister Rapture arched an eyebrow. Even without her rap-
tor mask, her face resembled a bird's, with its sharp nose and
shining, dark eyes.

"T have learned that there has been a constant flurry of
secret meetings between the Guildmasters, or at least their
proxies, since Lord Ember's announcement of the impending
search for Charon."

"That doesn't surprise me," Sister Acceptance said. "Have
any decisions been made that I should know about?"

Sister Rapture's face wrinkled in an amused grimace.
"Well, judging by the fact that suddenly some very high-rank-
ing members of just about all of the other Guilds are making
appointments for purification rites, | would say yes."

The Supreme Master's expression grew thoughtful. "So
they are really planning to look for Charon in the Laby-
rinth...."

Sister Rapture nodded. "So it seems."

"And did the Guildmaster of Pardoners vote for the jour-
ney?" Sister Acceptance's voice took on a rare playful tone.

"Thank Nhudri for his magnificent masks!" Sister Rap-
ture replied, joining in the precious moment of lighthearted
conspiracy. "They hide a multitude of sins. At least we aren't
the only Guild to send an impostor."

"I understand that Lord Ember attends in person," Sister
Acceptance interjected.

"Usually," Sister Rapture agreed. "Only, the last time we
met with him, I thought I detected someone else wearing his
visage. That disturbed me a little."

Sister Acceptance shrugged. "Perhaps he is beginning to
doubt himself. You said there was some disagreement as to
the veracity of his evidence that Charon survived the en-
counter with Gorool."

"Most of the Guildmasters believe him," Sister Rapture
said. "A few, however, seem to want to pursue a different line
of action. Those who trust Lord Ember suspect the Sandmen
of conjuring up some grand drama of misdirection. They feel
that a search should be mounted, but not in the Labyrinth."
The Scourge Master stopped herself, as if reluctant to say more.

"Where else would they search for him?" Sister Accep-
tance asked, her breast pounding as if a heart fluttered wildly
within it. "Do they think he hides somewhere in the
Shadowlands or in the Tempest? Is that where some of them
plan to search?"

Sister Rapture gave a quick nod of agreement. "And else-
where," she replied, her voice suddenly tight.

"Where else?" Sister Acceptance asked. Then it came to
her. "The Skinlands?"

78 Guildbook: Pardoners

Sister Rapture stared intently at the floor, saying noth-
ing. Finally, withering under Sister Acceptance's implacable
stare, she raised her eyes.

"I'd rather not — no, I cannot — say," she whispered.

For a reckless moment, Sister Acceptance felt the urge
to dismiss Sister Rapture immediately, gather her cache of
lanterns and her traveling cloak and head for the edges of the
Shadowlands. I can visit every Necropolis, every outpost, and
search from there for signs that Charon walks in the Sunlit world.
As quickly as the thought came to her, it crumbled into noth-
ing. Her lack of Fetters, a symptom of her great age, precluded
such a journey, and she knew this. No, I must hold to my origi-
nal intent. The honor and delight of finding Charon belongs to
worthier souls. I have my own duty to discharge.

Sister Acceptance leaned toward her friend and confes-
sor and placed a hand on her cheek. "Forgive me for my rash-
ness," she said. "I did not mean to cause you any distress."

Sister Rapture lifted her own hand and clasped her
superior's fingers tightly for a moment. "There are some things
I am bound by our oath not to reveal," she began.

Sister Acceptance raised her already outstretched hand
in a gesture of silence. "I understand," she said. "It matters
little, anyway. We are not suited to travel beyond the Shroud.
Our work lies here, among the Dead who need us. Let the
ones most familiar with the forbidden realms worry about
searching for Charon on the other side."

"Does this mean that you want me to cast my vote in
favor of the journey to the Labyrinth?" Sister Rapture's voice
sounded relieved to return to their original topic of conversa-
tion.

"This is what I want you to do," Sister Acceptance said.
"Claim that you need to give the matter more consideration.
Indicate that you are leaning toward agreeing to search the
Labyrinth, but delay as long as possible."

"You don't believe they — we — will find Charon in the
Labyrinth, do you?" Sister Rapture asked.

"You know what I think they will find, what I know they
will find in the Labyrinth," Sister Acceptance answered, her
voice flat and cold.

"Not Charon, but his Shadow," Sister Rapture said. She
looked around her nervously, as if afraid of being overheard.

"Gorool," Sister Acceptance replied, her voice breaking
with an unaccustomed bitterness.

"You still blame yourself," Sister Rapture said. "Don't.
No one could have foreseen the results of our last attempts to
purify him. No one. Not even the Lady of Fate herself."

"There is a difference between blame and responsibil-
ity," Sister Acceptance said, her words coming ina flood. "No,
1 am not to blame for the fact that Charon's Shadow slipped
out of our control and fled into the Labyrinth to emerge as
the creature called Gorool. But I am responsible for it. I let —

certain feelings — blind me to the strength of Charon's
Shadow. I failed."

= Tr uN Loe RY >
"You did not fail!" Sister Rapture's voice cracked like the
whip that hung at her belt. "Charon failed. He took too many
worries upon himself. They grew until they conceived a way
to break free of him."

"That's enough!" Sister Acceptance stood up, her body
rigid as she struggled to control her anger. When she began to
speak again, her voice was softer, though it still held over-
tones of suppressed sharpness. "I have heard that argument
given again and again, and each time it sounds as empty and
spurious as when I first invented it to keep our Guild from
buckling under the shame of what we had done." I must keep
my mind on what I have to do. I cannot risk endangering the only
opportunity I may ever have to undo our Guild's greatest crime.

"Should I leave you now?" Sister Rapture asked, not un-
kindly. Once again, Sister Acceptance marveled at how eas-
ily the Master of Scourges shunted aside feelings she consid-
ered unworthy.

"Not just yet," Sister Acceptance said. "There is one more
thing I would ask of you before you go. I would like for you to
purify me." Abruptly, she dropped to her knees in front of
Sister Rapture and let her robe slip away from her Corpus,
exposing herself to her Confessor.

"Bless me Pardoner, for | have sinned," she began, inton-
ing the Rites of Purification made popular with the coming of
Brother Tenacious.

With a grim look on her face, Sister Rapture unhooked
the whip from her belt and stepped behind her friend, now
her Supplicant.

OOO

ae

Purified, Sister Acceptance struggled to her feet, her
Corpus weak and burning from the ministrations of the Mas-
ter of Scourges. Sister Rapture helped her pull her robes about
her once more and tried to guide her to her chair.

The Supreme Pardoner waved her away shakily. "I will
heal," she said. "Thank you for all you have done."

"TIl stay, if you want me to," Sister Rapture said.

"No, there are some things I must do here, and I would
prefer to be alone to do them."

"You intend to go into the Labyrinth by yourself, don't
you?" Sister Rapture asked. "That's why you want me to delay
my decision, isn't it?"

Sister Acceptance smiled faintly. "I suppose I should have
known that you would discover my purpose in asking for Cas-
tigation. My Shadow always was a snitch."

"And you know that my oath prevents me from reveal-
ing what I know to anyone else," Sister Rapture said. "This is
madness, you know. No one goes there alone."

"Charon did, when he brought Lord Nhudri to Stygia."
Resigned to Sister Rapture's continued presence, Sister Ac-
ceptance worked as she talked. From a small chest in one cor-
ner of the room, she extracted a half-dozen iron lanterns and
hooked them onto her belt.

"Those are Soul Lanterns," Sister Rapture said.

"Yes, they are. I had them specially made for me by an
Artificer who owed me a very large favor."

"Are they filled, or empty?"

"Three are filled. The other three are waiting to store ‘

the Angst I hope to collect.

"You're going into the Labyrinth by yourself to find —
and Castigate Gorool?" Sister Rapture's voice betrayed her
incredulity.

Sister Acceptance nodded. "I intend to redeem Gorool.

When the others — the ones who are going to search the »

Skinlands — return with Charon, I will have his purified
Shadow waiting for him."

"Then why are you taking Soul Lanterns that are already;

filled with Angst..." Sister Rapture's voice trailed off, as the
expression on her face changed from one of disbelief and sor-
row to one of barely contained hope. "Have you finally suc-
ceeded in discovering a way?"

Sister Acceptance smiled. "I believe that I have," she
said quietly. "I have left behind a book of notes concerning

my studies and experiments. I think that they will help you

codify a workable method for converting Angst to Pathos."

"Have you actually tested it?" Sister Rapture asked.

"This will be my test," the Supreme Master replied. She
pulled a long cloak over her robes. The cowl concealed her
face in shadows, while the cloak itself hid the bulky mass of
the Soul Lanterns. "Keep up your impersonation of me until I
return, if you can. If it looks like I won't be coming back,
then get together with Brother Tenacious and decide which
of you is better able to take my place."

"] thought you had always considered Brother Tenacious
your successor," Sister Rapture said.

"Thad," Sister Acceptance admitted. "But you have man-
aged to acquire some useful experience."

"Enough to know that I agree with your preference," Sis-
ter Rapture replied. "Besides, if I take over the Guild, who
will come looking for you?"

Sister Acceptance opened her arms and gathered Sister /

Rapture into a fierce embrace.
"Now I will insist that you go," she said.

After Sister Rapture had gone, Sister Acceptance stood
in the room she had occupied for over fifty years, for perhaps
the last time.

Am I doing the right thing?

From within her, she received an answer, one she hoped
came from her higher self, her Eidolon. You're doing the only
thing you can do. Charon's Shadow waits for you, and you alone,
to finish the job you started so long ago.

She sighed. There was only one way to discover the truth.

The door slammed behind her as she left. The echoes

stayed with her, however, for a very long time.

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls 79

= -


%


Welcome to the camp, I guess we all know why we're here.

My name is Tommy, and I became aware this year...
— The Who, "Welcome"

Welcome, friends, to our final retreat before the millen-
nium. As some of you know, we hold a gathering every five
years to introduce our association to others among the Rest-
less and to welcome new postulants to our group. I am Brother
Tenacious, of the order known to most as Pardoners. We ac-
cept the duty of helping our fellow wraiths cleanse their souls
and find surcease from guilt, anger, hatred and all such nega-
tive Passions that invite our Shadows' influence or control. It
is not an easy task, nor, may I add gratefully, a thankless one.
Our special skills make us welcome everywhere and assure us
of some small measure of protection from all, for there is none
among us without a Shadow. None among us is without sin.

Many of you are here merely to satisfy your curiosity about
what we do, or in hopes of learning our Arcanos or secrets.
Rest assured, we have no quarrel with your presence. One of
the purposes for our retreats is to educate others of our kind
about our activities, beliefs and code of ethics. We welcome
the chance to let you explore what it means to be a Pardoner.
We have no fear that you will steal our Arcanos, for we freely
teach it to anyone willing to undergo our oath and pledge not
to misuse the knowledge. As for secrets, we are sorry to disap-
point you, but we have none. If this ruins the retreat for you,

we apologize. Should any of you wish to withdraw at this time,
you are free to go, with our blessing.

Our postulants are here to cleanse and purge themselves
of impure impulses in order to learn our ways and be initiated |
into the ranks of Pardoners. Theirs is a most rigorous task, for
they will begin a serious and sober journey to full understand- |
ing of themselves and those around them. We ask that you
show them the respect they have earned while you are here.
Please, leave them to their meditations when seminars are
not in session, for they have much to consider before avow-
ing themselves to our order. If any others among you feel the
call while on this retreat, please do not hesitate to speak with
one of our elders, who can help you begin the process of be- {
coming a postulant. That road is not to be traveled lightly,
however. Many pledge themselves, but few are capable of ful-
filling the role of Pardoner.

We will begin by having you retire to your rooms to read
through the first meditation in the Book of Pardons. It will
best explain who we are and why we do what we do. Practice
the exercises found at the end of the meditation. We will meet
again this afternoon for a discussion led by Sister Hope on
Pardoner-Supplicant etiquette.

Chapter One: Spiritual Exercises


Meditations from the
Inner Lantern:

No secrets? Who's he think he's kidding? | wasn't Reaped yesterday, you know.
Sounds pretty sure of himself, don't he? Just wait'll | get started. Here's a riddle for
you: What's the one Shadow a Pardoner can't see? Give up? Yeah, his own. Thought
you was pretty smart. Stick with me, and I'll give you the real lowdown on the Pardon
ers. Oh, and take this with you. It's called The /aner Lantern. \t's got stuff about that
"meditation" crap they just handed you. And it's free — what could be cheaper than
that?

first Meditation: Our Nature

| Between the Shadow and the Psyche stands the Pardoner.
") In this realm of spirit made flesh, we strive against the de-

structive urges within all of us. We hold the line against the
inner enem

Surrounded by Oblivion, we cry out against the

darkness of destruction, and interpose our knowledge and skills

= to avert the triumph of the Shadow. We prevent the unravel-
mW ing of the fabric of the Underworld.

When you look at a Pardoner, you should see a warrior.

Whether we appear as confessors, counselors, purifiers or com-

Oblivion from the wraiths in our care. In short, we are the
good guys.

Like members of—ahem—other affiliated groupings, we
Pardoners often cloak ourselves in anonymity when acting in
} an official capacity. We do so not as Haunters do, to hide a
hideous or twisted form, but to emphasize our function, rather
than our individual identities. Likewise, once we take the lan-
tern we all assume new names. When speaking to us as friends

and companions, you may know and address us as who we

FIRST EXERCISE: Imagine that you have
entered our Fellowship. What name will you
choose to identify yourself in the course of your
duties?

Think of a virtue to which you aspire or a
weakness against which you struggle. Consider
f your choice carefully, for it will become your sig-
4 nature.

SECOND EXERCISE: Spread your hands be-
fore you. Regard your fingertips, as yet unstained
by the Shadow's taint. Now, imagine plunging
those unsoiled fingers into the putrid negation
of light that constitutes the Shadow's form. Feel
corruption oozing into your Corpus.

The act of cleansing inevitably dirties the
cleanser. Forever.

batants, our purpose remains constant: to purge the taint of

were before we took the lantern. When we come to you as
Pardoners, however, we present ourselves as Brother Angyr,
Sister Pride, Father Contrition or Mother Pain. In this way,
we stress the compassionate impersonality of our sometimes
harsh Castigations.

While we use cloaks and masks to limit our individuality,
other marks attest openly to our calling as Pardoners and serve
to announce our presence wherever we go. You can recognize
a Pardoner "on duty" by the iron lantern he carries, either
slung at his waist or hung outside his place of business. Our
Corpora, too, bear the stigma of our profession, as our black-
ened fingertips testify to our brushes with the Shadow. We do
not come away from our struggles untouched by darkness.

We call ourselves the Order of Purifiers of the Shadow or
the Fellowship of Bestowers of Pardon. Most of you know us
simply as Pardoners. We have borne the labels of mystery cult,
priesthood, Guild and army. All of these labels are accurate.
None depict our true nature.

Like mystery cults, we emphasize rituals in the perfor-
mance of our sacred duties; like priests, we take vows to dem-
onstrate Our seriousness and commitment. We retain some of
the organizational trappings of our brief stint as a Guild, pri-
marily in our requirements of membership fees and payment
for services. As an army, we structure ourselves in ranks, ris-
ing upward as we demonstrate our ability to wage war suc-
cessfully against our common foe.

We bring together wraiths from all walks of "life," united
only by their desire to work some tangible good in this vale of
suffering and struggle. We accept anyone who demonstrates a
sincere willingness to undertake a dangerous and difficult
course of self-knowledge. Once you become a Pardoner, all
else assumes secondary importance. When you join us, you
are on the front lines in the war against Oblivion.

: Exercise

THIRD EXERCISE: Look at the faces of the
Restless around you (if you can see their faces),
or call to mind the images of your friends and
fellow wraiths. Now, imagine that you can see
through the facades of their Corpora, into the
black morass of ugliness that forms the cores of
their Shadows. With your Pardoner's insight, you
can discern hidden motivations behind the most
benign action. One who is a lover secretly desires
to see you cast into Oblivion; another, your best
friend, perhaps, seeks to cause pain and suffering
to those closest to her. Knowing this, can you
face these wraiths as petitioners without preju-
dice or partiality?

The cloak of anonymity conceals your iden-
tity from wraiths who seek you out; it does not
conceal them from you. Can you love the sinner
and hate the sin?


Meditations from the
Inner Lantern:

You schmucks need to watch your rear ends around these guys. They talk a
good game, sayin' that they're the saviors of the Underworld. They even fancy it up
with religious mumbo jumbo about their "calling." Yes indeedy, | sure wanna give
up all my secrets to a bunch of Heretic wannabes who're "bound by an oath." An
oath?! Gimme a break.

Oh, and exercises, huh? Yeah, well. try this one on for size. Bend over and
touch your toes. Now grab your ankles and hold on. How's that make ya feel?

Second Meditation: Our Attraction

Not everyone possesses the unique combination of de-
sire and conviction required to join our ranks. Being a Par-
doner means keeping a constant vigil on the inroads made by
Oblivion's most insidious agents, the Shadows that seek to
subvert the denizens of the Underworld. In order to fight the
darkness, Pardoners must gain an intimate knowledge of their

enemy.

Because of this mission, we often attract individuals whose
callings in life predisposed them to the ongoing struggle they
face in the Underworld. In ancient times, we counted druids,
lawgivers, philosophers and healers among our numbers. The
sons and daughters of Levi found a welcome place with us,
after their wanderings in the Skinlands. During the Middle
Ages, Inquisitors swelled our ranks, along with the pardoners
from whom we took our name during the Age of the Guilds.
Later periods of history added more categories to our ranks:
hanging judges, executioners, confessors and teachers. Recent

Exercises :

FIRST EXERCISE: Think about your life be-
fore you arrived in the Underworld. Try to re-
member who you were and what you did. Make a
mental list of all the good and bad acts you com-
mitted.

Which list is longer? Which list contains your
most important actions? Judging yourself by
these two lists, would you classify yourself as a
good person? Can you even make that sort of
decision? As a Pardoner, you might be called upon
to do just that.

SECOND EXERCISE: Picture a time in your
past, "living or unliving," when you were pun-
ished for something you did wrong. Relive that
punishment.

times have seen new kinds of counselors petition us for mem-
bership: analysts, social workers, psychology professors, exis-
tential philosophers and evangelists. Many wraiths belong-
ing to the Penitent Legion find that membership in our orga-
nization answers their need to fight against the madness and
destructive impulses that led to their deaths.

The common strand that binds us all together as Pardon-
ers is our refusal to give up the struggle to overcome the dark-
ness. Those of us who have spent our lives seeking to define
"good" and "evil," or to nurture the light and eradicate the
darkness, now find, in death, the opportunity to understand
why Oblivion exercises such an insidious hold over us. Many
also relish the opportunity to strike a blow that will weaken '
that hold. To act, instead of merely to observe — that is one
of the rewards of our company.

Occasionally, we accept a few individuals who, in life,
embodied the darkness we oppose. Death's aftermath some-
times works a mysterious change that causes those students of
evil to reevaluate their wasted lives. Those whom Oblivion
does not immediately claim sometimes seek to atone for
the...excesses of their earthly existence. Given the proper
training and counsel, these contrite souls can become some
of our most astute and zealous warriors. The intimate knowl-

close association with their base impulses during life.

Do not think, however, that you cannot find a place with
us because you do not fall into any of the above classifica-
tions. All of us have encountered the wiles of the Shadow; all
of us feel the weight of Oblivion upon our souls. Many of us
wish to learn how to remove that taint from ourselves and
from others; some of us have the strength of purpose to do so.
That is, in essence, the core of what it means to be a Par-
doner.

Did it undo what you did? Did it relieve you of
your guilt? Did it strengthen your resolve to avoid
repeating your transgression? Or did it just make
you more determined to avoid being caught the
next time?

THIRD EXERCISE: Imagine yourself as a Par-
doner using the name you chose as part of the
exercises that followed the First Meditation. A
wraith comes to you and asks you to purify her
Shadow.

How will you go about this task? Will you of-
fer counsel and advice? Will you exact some pun-
ishment or penance? Inject as much detail into
this scenario as possible. If you decide to join our
ranks, this scene will become very familiar to you.


Meditations from the
Inner Lantern

These guys just kill me! "We're so special! We used to be priests and
lawyers and doctors and psychiatrists." What did these guys nat do as high
muckety mucks? Yo! They forgot dentists! You'd think that those guys would
get in under "torturers," but no.

And more exercises too! Hey, let's all remember our pasts! Yeah, right,
like most of us've got even half our marbles. Better still, let's play dress up in
black leather and "cleanse" each other, Buncha weird-ass perverts.

Third Meditation: Our Purpose

Our goal as Pardoners encompasses two primary objec-

tives. The first and most immediate concern lies in the con-
tinual process of cleansing the Shadows of wraiths who come
to us. The second — and long-term — purpose of our exist-
ence as a unified and identifiable group consists of nothing
less than the purification of the Underworld itself. We can-
not accomplish these goals by acting alone, for the Castiga-
tion of individuals and the redemption of the Underworld
require the support and aid of other wraiths. Which, of course,
leads directly to our third reason for perpetuating ourselves as
an organized society: We exist to help one another, to moni-
tor our progress as individuals and to keep us from falling prey
to the temptations of the Shadows we fight so ardently.

As a group, we have studied and perfected the various
forms of Castigation. Through our mastery of this Arcanos,
we are able to identify and purge the growing taint of Oblivion
from the souls of individuals. Our constant attention to this
one aspect of our calling occupies most of our "working" hours.
After all, every wraith has need of a Pardoner sometime. Fur-
thermore, we clean the soul's slate only to see the Shadow
begin once more to scrawl its obscenities upon that pristine
surface. Unlike Artificers, who forge lasting
bor under the certainty that wraiths who pass through our
purifying flames (metaphorically speaking) must do so over

tions, we la-

and over again.

No doubt, some of you question our ability to achieve
our ultimate goal, the cleansing of the Underworld of every
vestige of Oblivion. Many Pardoners find it difficult to be-
lieve that we can succeed in such a bold and ambitious enter-
prise. To our doubters, both within and without, we can offer
only this: Consider the alternative. Oblivion assaults us from
both sides of the Shroud. The Tempest reverberates with its
tumult; the Skinlands grow darker with each nightfall. As
Pardoners, we, and we alone, have experience dealing directly
with the building blocks of Oblivion. We cannot fight it head
on, but we can eliminate that substance on which it feeds. If
we can do so in a concerted fashion, without faltering in our

duty to our fellow wraiths and to ourselves, we can eventually
deprive Oblivion of its lifeblood. Once we have done that,
we can contemplate what steps we must take to attack our foe
in its stronghold.

To accomplish these ends, we Pardoners must strive to-
ward self-perfection. Who pardons the Pardoner? Like our
fellow wraiths, we suffer the ravages of temptation and fall
prey to the lures of our own Shadows. We, too, must undergo
the rites of cleansing. We cannot afford to allow the knowl-
edge we possess to exist without some monitoring body. In
fact, we match our vigilance over the souls of others with an
equal attention paid to ourselves. As Pardoners, we help one

Exercise

FIRST EXERCISE: Picture a blank sheet
of paper. Imagine someone writing a series of
obscene comments on it. Erase those words.
See the same person scrawling new marks on
the paper you have just cleaned. Erase the new
obscenities. Continue this process for the next
thirty minutes or until you grow weary of the
repetition.

This exercise simulates the work of a Par-
doner.

SECOND EXERCISE: Imagine yourself
standing on an island surrounded by a dark
abyss. The ground beneath your feet is solid,
but everything else, everywhere you look, roils
with formless, lightless chaos. As you stand
transfixed by the pregnant emptiness around
you, the abyss widens by a tiny fraction. Your
island shrinks by a corresponding degree. You
somehow know that you possess the means to
restore the lost ground, and you do so, thus
forcing the abyss to retract its hold on your
small sanctuary. You relax your vigilance for a
second, and the abyss reasserts its claim. Once
more, you draw upon your resources and your
will to push it backward. You realize that you
can never fully relinquish your effort, or else
your island will disappear and plunge into the
yawning pit, and it will carry you with it.

Can you afford to give up the fight simply
because it seems to be hopeless? This battle
is the one all Pardoners face.

THIRD EXERCISE: This exercise requires
a partner. Seek out another wraith making the

another remain steadfast in our duty. We guard against abuses
of the trust placed in us by our petitioners. We study together
and share our insights with one another. In this way, we grow
more attuned to our calling and better able to perform our
vital task.

For those of you who demonstrate a sincere desire to join
our fellowship, elaborations on these purposes will come later
in the retreat. For now, we have outlined our major tasks and
given you a glimpse into the heart of our organization.

retreat, preferably someone you did not know
before coming here. Make a brief confession to
your partner by telling her the details of some
small transgression. Ask her to assign you a pen-
ance in order to cleanse that fault from your
soul. Do the same for her. Carry out the pen-
ance given to you. (Your partner is, likewise, to
perform the duty you assigned her.)

Afterward, compare your approaches with
each other. Was one of you more severe than
the other? Did the penance fit the transgres-
sion? This exchange happens frequently among
the members of our society.

Note that this exercise is not a true Casti-
gation; these mock penances do not affect the
state of your
Shadow. Nev-
ertheless,
please make
certain one of
the retreat
monitors is
nearby in case
this exercise
inadvertently
awakens ei-
ther your own
Shadow or
that of your
partner.


Meditations from the
Inner Lantern

Get outta here! Half the time, these guys can't find their own backsides, much
less save the Underworld. Hey, here's another riddle for you. Whadda you give @
Pardoner for Christmas? A mop and broom, so he can clean up the whole Under
world!

Humble, ain't they?

Fourth Meditation: Our Dealing

Consider the services we Pardoners perform for Stygia
and the Shadowlands. Now, think of Restless who have need
of our ministrations. We do not exaggerate when we say that
the demand for our talents necessitates our maintaining a pres-
ence throughout the Underworld.

The Hierarchy of Stygia acknowledges our right to exist
as a group and accords us a place within its ranks. The Le-
gions who battle Spectres and other Tempest-spawned crea-
tures have desperate need of us. Indeed, most patrols have
their own Pardoner or Pardoner-trained confessor. As active
members of the Legions, not only do we see to the well-being
of our comrades, but we engage the Spectral armies directly.
Our participation in the affairs of Stygia pervades every level

FIRST EXERCISE: Think of as many differ-
ent groups of wraiths as you can. Go over each
group in your mind, and examine your attitude
toward those wraiths. Arrange them in your mind
according to your feelings about them, from the
ones you feel most positive toward, to the ones
who instinctively arouse your dislike or even your
hatred.

As a Pardoner, you must be prepared to min-
ister to all wraiths, regardless of your personal
feelings. First, however, you must know what
those feelings are. Meditate for at least thirty
minutes upon your prejudices.

SECOND EXERCISE: Imagine that a wraith
from the group you most dislike approaches you
and asks you to Castigate her Shadow. Can you

of society. Even Deathlords and Anacreons seek Castigation
from us to subdue their Shadows. Those who act as Pardoners
to the rulers of the Underworld carry a great burden and an
even greater responsibility.

We cannot point to one place as central to our society.
We try to go wherever we are needed. In Stygia, for example,
we have several Chapter Houses, where we gather for retreats
such as this one and share our skills and insights with one
another. We also have a strong presence in most major
Necropoli. From those bases in the Shadowlands, we branch
outward to cover as much of the Underworld as possible.
Wherever there are wraiths, there are Pardoners.

As a group, we have few friends, but we have fewer en-
emies. We do not boast when we emphasize that no wraiths,
however self-sufficient they may be, can do without the at-
tentions of a Pardoner, from time to time. Even Renegades
and Heretics need someone to cleanse their Shadows — and
we do not think the Deathlords would thank us were we to
allow those souls to drift down to Oblivion.

In brief, we stand at the crossroads of wraithly society.
Most who know us only as Pardoners fear and respect us, for
they know their souls' well-being depends on our care. Some
actually enjoy our company, for we share a common hope for
the future. However, no one can afford to oppose us. They
realize what awaits the soul whose Shadow remains too long
unshriven.

Exercises

separate your personal feelings from your duty
toward this petitioner?

If you cannot do so, you should think long and
hard about whether you are truly suited for a
Pardoner's vocation. Go over, in detail, how you
would answer the needs of your imaginary Suppli-
cane Spend at least thirty minutes on this prob-
em.

THIRD EXERCISE: Imagine that a powerful
wraith comes to you and asks for assistance in
your role as a Pardoner. How will you react to an
important Legionnaire? To a member of a
Deathlord's personal staff? To a leader of a Her-
etic Cult? How does this reaction differ from the
one in the previous exercise?

Here's a hint: It shouldn't.


We have already made our goals clear to you. If we seek

M i " f h anything, it is the ability to achieve those ends with certainty,

e itatio ns rom t e@ so that we might strengthen our ability to stem the growth of

| Oblivion in St and in the Shadowlands. We foresee an
nner Lantern

expanding role for our society's services in answer to an in-

Whoa. Bust my butt! Ya know what these guys are really sayin', doncha?
They got the real power, and we're just supposed to get over it. our guard or become complacent. To keep up with our great
Scuse me a minute. Gotta roll aver and play dead. enemy, we must grow in numbers. We must continue to work

# with all elements of wraith society, even those who do not

creasing demand for the works we provide. Our lanterns shine

throughout the Underworld, but we cannot afford to relax

believe they need our cleansing or our counsel.

If you are not already one of us, your attendance at this
ith Meditation: Our future retreat indicates that you have at least a passing interest in

J our work and that you recognize its importance. Those of you
who decide to join the Society of Pardoners will shape our

If you have paid close attention to the previous medita-

A e x aspira Gi 2ave the arks
tions, the information presented in this final passage should future Your goals and aspirations will leave their marks on
us, just as surely as your encounters with darkness will leave

contain few surprises. Our goals remain constant, though each
their mark on you.

individual's methods of achieving them may differ. As Par-
then, do we hope to achieve, ultimately? look backward at where we have been. Only then do the fu-
ture plans and aims of our society become clear.

Class dismissed.

FINAL EXERCISE: Reflect carefully upon elect to enter the doorway, your journey has just
what you have learned about yourself and about begun.
our society. Have you achieved your purpose in
coming here, or do you wish to acquire a more
intimate understanding of what it means to be a
Pardoner? Imagine that you stand before a door.
Opening that door will change you forever, but
once you have passed its threshold, you cannot
retrace your steps and go back the way you
came. You can turn away and return to your old
life, or you can step into the life of a Pardoner,
but you must choose one or the other. There is
no middle path.

If you choose to remain on the outside, your
time at this retreat has come to an end. If you

Meditations from the
Inner Lantern

Yeah, think real hard about all this. And don't forget to buy my b

Hey, would /steer you wrong?



— Deuteronomy 4:9

"Postulants, this seminar is open to attendance only by can-

didates such as yourselves: ones who have pledged their intent to
join our order. Wraiths who have only a cursory interest in our
association have no need to know all of our history. You are of-
fered this glimpse into our past, a glimpse that, of necessity, pulls
no punches, for you must understand who we truly are. To do
that, you must first learn who we once were."
. Sister Rapture smiled upon hearing the familiar start to
the lecture Brother Tenacious had given to so many new groups
of Apprentices. She could picture him, his eyes bright with
enthusiasm, as he strutted back and forth behind his lectern
and tried to give the Postulants a sense of the Guild's history.
Perhaps this will give him some new insights, she thought, as she
placed the transcript she carried onto his meditation mat.

Only take heed to thyself, and keep thy soul diligently, lest thou forget the
things which thine eyes have seen, and lest they depart from thy heart all the
days of thy life; but teach them thy sons, and thy sons' sons.

She sat nearby, waiting for the former priest to finish his
precious seminar. However Sister Acceptance fared, Sister
Rapture and Brother Tenacious would be responsible for lead-
ing the Guild during the foreseeable future. Acceptance had
thought it only proper that the wraith who might become the
next Guildmaster read the last confession of his predecessor.
Acceptance herself had asked Rapture to show Tenacious the
transcript so he could familiarize himself with events he was
too young to remember. If he became Guildmaster, he would
need to know some of the legacy she left behind.

Sister Rapture sighed, finally letting her exhaustion
emerge. Slowly, she rose and left the chamber. Brother Tena-
cious was the only member of the Guild who ever came to
this chamber. He would find the transcript when he finished
his seminar.

Chapter Two: The Pardoner's Tale (history)

L tan pais en honey

swear that this is my
of the the final confession of bates
Oo Mlycenae. Ss er Accep
tance, Inachus was at the in~
ception of the Pardoners, and she
has lecl ow Guilel for the past half

. Here follows her freely
gven ements

Sometimes, it seems to me as if my mortal
life was only a dream, a momentary adventure
that preceded my tue existence. | can barely
recall that time, now. My father's face has faced
from my memory ane even the language | spoke
has long since given way to more modern
tongues. The beginning of my time as one of
the Restless is far more clear to me, and that,
after all, is what concerns us.

I hope that my recollections of the many cen~
turies which followed my death will serve the
Guile, and | hereby freely tell them to you, my
Purifier as my last confession, You know what
it is that I] must elo. H I do not return from that
journey, you shall have to deciele who among
you is to be leacler now. As always, my thoughts
will be with you, and my blessings are given to
whatever decisions you make in my absence.
We have changed so through the years that I
sometimes woneler if even |, who was here when
we began, recall us correctly. | fear that I may
paint too glowing 4 picture of our accomplish~
ments and fail to mention enough of our foibles.
Nonetheless, | hope what follows is as accu~
rate a portrayal as | am capable of giving.

Hear now my last confession.

When | was very young, | once asked my
father why we needled priests and priestesses.
He tole me that they were gifted with acute
insights and that people therefore sought them
to act as go-betweens, to shield orelinary folle
from the raw terror of dealing with the goels.
Priestly men and women showed their people
the right paths by revealing the ones pleasing
to the goels. They also helped people atone for
wrongful acts, pareloning their transgressions
and often assigning them tasks or penalties to
put things right again. Such cleansings were un~
dertaken because they pleased the goes and
returned the wrongeloer to the gooel graces of
the community.

Although | admired who would stand
and ask for the goels divine aid to bring others
into the gods good graces, | realized with re~

90 Guildbook: Pardoners

gret that | was fated for a different role. As an
only chilel, | woulel be married into 4 good family
to bind a treaty or gain a higher position for my
dian. | wonder even now, if the gods hearel my
prayers and let me die so that | could serve as
a priestess after all.

I believe that we who became Purifiers were
among those spirits who brought with them into
the Deaellands knowledge of the right path
Some among us spoke with stilHiving shamans,
to guide them through their neardeaths and
return them, cleansed of impurities, to the world
of the Quick. Many claim that such was the true
beginning of our oreler As for myself |enow only
what I have witnessed.

The Origins of
the Purifiers

My first memory of the Underworld is of wan-
dering aimlessly through a gray lanelscape, ede~
void of all features save for myself and other
suffering souls, who moaned in despaix | sought
desperately for some evielence that this misery
would not constitute my existence until the end
of time' I died not want to number among the dim
shapes who fed on the blood Odysseus had
offered at the eelge of the worle Others joined
me, and we took contort from one another

When Charon emerged from Mlycenae and
made his way cdown the River of Death, we joy~
fully followed. We were among the first to set
foot on the Isle of Sorrows, and we saw the
building of Stygia from its humblest beginnings.

Soon thereafter | saw what my work woule
be. | embraceel Charon great effort to assist
the Restless in crossing over the Sunless Sea
to the Far Shores and fineling peace. Most of
all, | took to heart the of Fates wores to
Charon: Help others to find their tue light within'
Wraiths among us who shared similar views
banded together to speak of our hopes and
the work we were doing We hae no official
name, nor were we 4 society. We were merely
friends who came together out of 4 common in-
terest.

With the unleashing of Oblivion during the
Sundering, many of the Restless were marked
by great darkness, Our Shadows hae been
within us all along, but now they spoke with
stronger voices. Wraiths who succumbed to their

Shadows blandishnents fell from grace and
could not make the journey across the Sunless
Sea, They needed someone to act as an inter~
cessor for them, cleansing them and soothing
their Shadows enough to enable these Rest~
less to seek the Far Shores.

I discovered within myself las diel many oth~
ers) the ability to see the stain of impurity within
such wraiths. Concerned for their well-being, |
tried instinctively to reach out and help rid them
of the darkness within. No one was more sur~
prised than I when I succeedee. Hurrying to the
others with whom I had shared visions ane ques~
tions, | revealed what | had done, Some among
them had also helped others quiet or overcome
the Shadow within,

We realized what a great gift we had been
given, We could look within the souls of other
wraiths and see the lurking darkness that fes~
tered there. From that awareness, it was but a
small step to confronting the Shadow and strip-
ping away as much of its power as we could
We perfected our techniques and cleansed
wraiths sent to us by the ones we hae already
helpeel We calleel ourselves Purifiers, and slowly
our fame spread throughout the Unelerworle.

Once we were certain that our cleansings
workeel, | went to Charon and told him of our
powers, knowing it was the answer to dealing
with inelivicuals too tainted to make the cross~
ing. For long elecadles, he hael sought some way
to help wraiths who were incapable of reaching
Transcenelence, We hadi given him a new weapon
in the battle against Oblivion. When | explained
to him that my friends and I had taken the name
Purifiers, he asked me to become his personal
confessor

We joined the Shining Ones, working along~
side them to identify those Restless too
troubled to pass onward Wraiths we cleansed
took their places among the ones who ;
over the Sunless Sea. The Shining Ones wel-
comed us among them, granting us chambers
within their temples where we could worl with
those in need of our services. Some of the newly
Dead petitioned us to let them join and learn
our rites of purification.

Centuries passed as we dedicated our~
selves to our work, while Stygia grew up around
us. Our numbers grew ane were needed, for
many more Restless began to arrive. Among
them was one wha, in life, was known as

Hippocrates. We tools him into our company and
taught him what we knew.

The Oath

We hael long since found that our calling
allowed us to peer within other wraiths and fer~
ret out their deepest secrets. Thus far we hae
reliedl upon one anothers and willing
ness to help others to keep our members from
using what they learned against wraiths they
such trust. In a few cases, we had to oust a
member who tried to profit from others secrets.
Now knowing too well that such powers as we
possessed led to hubris, we tool counsel to~
gether From our meeting came a decision, coeli~
fied by Hippocrates, to band together in a
sworn society to teach each other to pass our
knowledge on to worthy candidates and to
swear an oath that we would use our art only
to help never to harm

The Golden
Age

Duing this tine, which was a golden age
for Stygia, our society grew and prospered.
Charon granted us our own house, a dwelling
where we could go to rest from our labors or to
take troubled wraiths for counseling Grateful
Restless filled our coffers with their offerings,
and our fame spread throughout Stygia, Some
of my fellows asked me to become the leacer
of our society but I refused After all, my tine
was almost wholly taken up in advising Charon,
Now | wish that I had never agreed to take on
that burelen. Though | sought only to help him, |
was the agent of our Guilds greatest crime, But
Imust wait to tell that story in its own time.

As the world across the Shroud changed,
so, tog did the Restless who came among us.
Of particular interest to us were the Fishers, a
new sect whose members began arriving in the
Underworld with some Ther under~
staneling of the eternal conflict between light
and darkness increased our knowledge of the
relationship between the warring parts of the
Restless soul, The Fishers doctrine of redemp>
tion through sacrifice, while not a new one, gave
strength to our endeavors. Many Fishers en

by) Guildbook: Pardoners

braced our society joining us as fellow seekers.
Others went their own way, but sought our help
and friendship, The Fishers soon became the
largest sect in the Underworld.

The First Great
Maelstrom

The First Great Maelstrom erupted from the
Labyrinth sparked by Romes collapse. As Pu~
their Shadows. Some among us instinctively wt~-
lized our skils to ware off the Spectres inun~
dating the city much to the amazement of the
warriors who stood with us. Thus, we fended off
the onrush of the Maelstrom

Although we were not acknowledged to
have turned the tiele, we certainly did our part
to keep the Spectres from awakening the
Shadows of Stygias armies, Had we not done
s@ | fear that our haven in the Underworld woulel
have fallen under the first combined assault of
Shadows and Spectres. Many Restless woulel
argue that it constitutes overweening pride to
attach such importance to our ministrations on
the fielel of combat, but | believe those wraiths
fail to note our effectiveness against the worst
that the Maelstrom could throw at us. Ht is not
pride to acknowledge that one has a useful
talent - or that the talented are capable of
great feats.

In the aftermath of this first storm, Stygian
society was reshaped ane our society adapted
to meet those changes. When Charon became
emperor and his chosen became Deathlores,
they placed wraiths under the dominion of dif-
ferent Deathlorels according to the manner of
each souls demise. Some among us, including
the Purifiers, Nhuelris Artificers, the Minemoi with
whom we worked to heal the memories of Rest~
less we cleansed, and many more, were not re~
quired to rearrange ourselves in that manner Our
skills were more useful and easily accessed
when we apart from the crush of souls,
separate from (but allied with) Stygias rulers.
These groups took the title of Freewraiths. To
spread our knowledge more effectively we cre~
ated collegia with which we could teach wraiths
our skills anel oversee their use. Such societies
quickly became self-perpetuating, and alle~
giance to these groups quickly became more inr

portant, for some, than allegiance to anything
elise.

The Age of
Guilds

We existed as a teaching order long be~
fore the advent of Guilds in the Middle Ages.
Always dedicated to disseminating knowledge
about our Arcanos and the responsibilities such
knowleelge entails, we simply formalized that
teaching when the Guilds began coalescing. To
be honest, our internal structure remained much
the same, though we accepted the political
power Guilel status gave us. As Purifiers, we
had practiced Castigation like a religious call-
ing Once we became a professional organiza~
tion, set apart from other Restless by our spe~
cial knowledge, we took a new name to ac~
knowledge that change.

Our Name

In the Skinlands, the Middle Ages heralded
great changes, which were mirrored in the Un~
derworld Towns grew' crattsmerss guilds floaw~
ished. The church from which the Fishers sprang
gained such prominence that their priests were
constantly busy. Few had time to hear confes~
sion from the laity nor coule the people of the
tine make weeldy trips into town to visit the
nearest church or catheelral, Many villages had
no church and were too far away from the near~
est one to receive any ongoing spiritual quiel~
ance,

Fearful that they would lose believers, the
church created a group of travelers who jour~
neyed from town to town to hear confessions
and grant absolution. These wandlering minis~
ters were known as pareloners.

When the practice first began, the people
hailed these pareloners as saviors. As some
among these spiritual journeyers reached the
Underworle, we accepted them into our ranies.
and ours. By adopting the name "Pareloners' in
honor of their labors in the flesh and our ongo~
ing quest after death we showed that we stil
considered ourselves a spiritual brotherhood
rather than a Guild


K was only later that the worel parelone? be~
came synonymous with greed and corruption.
This change occurred because of nobles who
originally showed contrition for sins by doing
good works fpaying to build new churches, funel~
ing Goels work, ete Soon, wealthy merchants
and craft guilds found it easier to pay for inelul-
gences sold to them by venal pareoners, rather
than to make honest confession and expiate
their sins through tue contrition, hare labor flag~
ellation or good works.

We despised the later earthly practitioners
of this once-noble calling. Many of us read the
estimable Geoffrey Chaucers Canterbury Tales
and noted that the "Pareloner's Talé is harelly flat~
tering. By then, of course, it was too late for us.
We had taken that name, and the rest
of the Underworld knew us as Paredoners. In
these latter days, when we are beset by cor~
rupted Pareloners and even Spectres hiding
within our ranks, | woneler if the name was not
prophetic, Were some of us doomed from the
outset to fall to darkness?

94

The War a the
Guilds

The Artificers were the first to restructure
themselves as an actual Guild, whereaftter they
claimed leadership and special rights for thernr
selves, Many other Guilels became incensed at
the arrogance of the soulforgers, but we Par~
doners understood their commitment to holding
Oblivion at bay and creating lasting goods for
all of us. We felt that their leadership would sinr
ply mean that we coud rely on them to argue
as fiercely for all our rights as they did for their
own,

we could daim a past even longer
than that of the Artificers, we hae no desire to
play power games with them We were more in-
terested in working alongsiele many of the other
Guilds and improving our ability to serve peti
tioners who came tous for help Despite our reti~
cence, we were drawn into the inevitable squab~
bling through our ties with the Monitors. They
offered to protect our Fetters from being ele~


stroyed, and to warn us if any of the other
Guilds meant to hann us. H seemed the other
Guilds were bent on striking at the Artificers
fand anyone who sided with them! but under the
cover of united opposition to the soulforgers, old
rivalries flarecl Various Arcanoi manifested in
their most harmful forms, as more zealous Guilds
sought to coerce less enthusiastic ones to adopt
a stance against the Artificers, or as ancient
enmities found new expression. Ostensibly we
joined" our fellow Guilds in opposing the
soulforgers, but our real cause lay in bringing
an end to the conflict. We coule only co so by
working within the ranks of the malcontents.

One of my chief duties at this tine was to
dissuade Charon from stepping in andl putting
an end to the quarrel himself. The continual fight~
ing stalled production of goods, disturbed on~
going work when key Guildwraiths were quietly
ambushed and dragged off and even inter~
— our ability to perform Castigations with~

out the constant threat of sabotage from one
side or the other Further many talented wraiths
disappeared into the soulforges as the Artifi-
cers handled their end of the war with typical
directness.

We attempted to act as peacemakers. Sev~
eral times during the two-and-a~half centuries
of war we tried to call together all the
Guilelmasters to eliscuss the situation, but trust
was in short supply. One Guildmaster would
come, but four others would refuse, daiming they
scented an Artificer trap. Attacks anel threats
continued to escalate/ many prominent
Guildwraiths vanished or were
ing that our unwilling assistance usually
amounted to very little gain for the trouble, most
of the other Guilds ceased trying to involve us,
but we could not ignore the damor around us.
Ominously | was warned that Charors patience
with the situation had reached its limits. With
interference from the Deathloreds imminent and
the Guilds locked in a stalemate, the Pardon
ers once again stepped forwarel with a peace
initiative,

This tine, however we did not come as sur
plicants, but as commanders. We asked that
the Guildmasters meet together on neutral
ground We also declared anathema any Guile
who refused to send a representative, Issuing
the threat that we Pareloners would cease to
minister to every wraith in any Guile that woulel

not sign 4 peace treaty we brought the war to

a dose, The other Guilds acknowledged that
by the Artificers. The soulsmiths got what they
had sought all alongs leadership of the Guilds
and the privileges that entailed The 13 Greater |
flict and created a Council to hear any subse~ |)
quent disputes.
Initially, many of the other Guiles resented §
our high-handed treatment of the crisis. Many 9 ~
probably still hate us for our role in elevating |
the Artificers to primacy among the Guilds. Oth~
ers, who had before seen us merely as useful ©
tools, now got a glimpse of our true power Af~
ter all, no one can long exist without the ser~ |
vices of a Pareloner: i
We argued long and hard among ourselves
before undertaking this course of action, for it © ~
ran contrary to our avowed oath In the ene, it |
was the only way open to us. The only saving
grace was that we used our ultimate threat to
end a4 stupiel and costly war May we never find ©
it necessary to elo so again. ,
One result of the Compact was to ban the
Mnemoi from association with the Greater |
Guilds. We had long worked with the Mnemoi
and admired their expertise, through the
Arcanos of Mnemosynis, at calling forth pain~ «
ful memories in oreler to heal them, Little did we
realize that they had become corrupted, chang~
ing and stealing memories at the behest of who~ »
ever paid them best. When the Guilds signed
our Compact, we died not include the Minemoi,
who hae become the most hated land feared)

the Guilel One of our continuing duties is to hunt |,
for the few Mnemoi who remain, to male cer~
tain they never again betray the trust placed |
in them

Despite the other Guilds reluctance to ac~
cept Artificer leadership the signing of the Conr |
pact in 1554: signified a return to peaceful co~ |
operation among the keepers of the Arcanoi.
For us, this period of relative political stasis was |
all too brief, Although we succeeded in bring~ |
ing the Guilels together the centuries of inter~
Guild turmoil prevented us from noticing the |

growing discontent within the Knighthood of the |
Fishers.

Cae an la ala s Tale al 95


Betra
the S

Ones

The Fishers became the largest religious
faction in Stygia, Feeling strong in their nur
bers, they macle demands upon Charon which
he, justifiably refused, Defiant, Fisher Crusaed~-
ers attacked Charors Onyx Tower but were
easily defeated by the force of the Legions.
Charon was quick to respond, and crushed the
Fishers hanelily. After taking the Fisher Temple,
Charonss forces found stores of relics and trea~
sures which by treaty belonged to the Empire.
H seemed deav the Fishers hae broken their
worel and their treaty. In response to this viola~
tion of trust, Charon sent his own Knights to
speak with the Shining Ones on the Far Shores,
and banished from the Isle of Sorrows those
who remained.

Vee were greatly troubled by his actions. We
Pardoners associated dosely with the Shining

al by

ining

96 Guildbook: Pardoners

5 : re

Ones and helped them make souls reacly to
reach the Far Shores, and we knew that few
of these seekers were guilty. | sought to calm
Charors anger by pointing out that many of the
Shining Ones were innocent. His rage was such
that he would not listen, even to me. | was barred
from his presence for weeles.

Then, catastrophe struck. Charoris Knights
retuned from the Far Shores with news that
these isles were not the places of rest and
peace we had thought them to be. Instead, the
rders of the various Far Shores were bineling
souls to themselves, greedily feasting on the
power of having so many souls at their commana.
Some used the souls as slaves or playthings to
proviele amusement for more powerful, more cor~
rupted Restless. Others increased their pres~
tige with each new souls arrival, yet hae no sys~
tem for processing the wraiths who came to
them. Suffering souls were kept waiting, hoping
in vain to be allowed entry to their chosen para~
dise, Their new masters, however would neither
let them in, nor release them to go elsewhere.

This news was the most crushing and soul-
deadening revelation our oreer could imagine,
We had given our all to the cleansing of souls,

making them reaely for Transcendence. Suel~
denly we learned, to our horror that the myth
of achieving Wanscendence through traveling to
the Far Shores was exactly that: a fantasy.
Our very reason for being was in jeopardy many

of us stood paralyzed with shock. Gooel Par
doners left the Guild, convinced that we had
betrayed and lied to wraiths who depended on
us. A few elespaired and gave in to Oblivion,
further weakening our ranks.

dust as we felt lost, so did myriad others,
inclueling Charon, by Restless he had
trusted, Charon retired to his rooms for several
weeks. Some believed that his grief was such
that he was lost to Oblivion. What few know is
that such a thing almost came to pass. He still
refused to see me, though even in the depths
of his torment. Perhaps he thought we, tog had

him/ perhaps he merely wished to be
alone to contemplate his response to the Shin-
ing Ones pertiely.

Knowing him as well as | did, though, | could
not leave him to fall into despair | defied his
decree, which forbacle me to see him, and bul-
lied my way past his guards. Once inside his
chambers, | convinced him that he was under
the control of his Shaclow when he mace the
proclamation banishing the Shining Ones,
though, even to this day | do not know whether
that was true, Somehow | found the wores that
helped calm the storm within his heart.

We spoke at length regareling what to do
about the Shining Ones, now that his reason
had retuned. He initially wished to consign them
all to the soulforges for their crimes. | believe
that he adopted a less punitive stance out of
respect for my arguments.

And so Charon emerged from his tower and
branded the Shining Ones and their followers
lee souls Following the practices of the
Fishers own church, he instituted an Inquisition
to find and destroy all Heretics. All who for~
swore allegiance to their Heretical beliefs found
demency as well as a place within the Legions.
Any who woulel not were feel to the soulfires.
lronically, such was the tide of suspicion and dis~
tust that even we came under scrutiny for many
saw us as little clifferent from the betrayers with
whom we had once workee Only the fact that
our ministrations were so necessary to every
wraith finclueling the Inquisitors) saved us from
outright censure,

~ Revolt of the
Guilds

The omnipresent threat of Charons Inquise \

tion brought the Guilds into direct conflict with 0).

Dictum Mortuan's limitations on traffic with mor~
tals, many Guilds saw their power to affect the

course of events in the Underworld curtailed by 5

the fear of official investigation. Guilds whose |
chief dealings lay with the living world (such as
Puppeteers, Monitors, Haunters, Proctors and
Spooks) faced grave punishments if they were
caught using their skills, All of them were pre~
pared to overthrow what they saw as Charoris |
Although we were not privy to each Guilels |)
reasons for advocating that we shoulel collec~
tively assume control of the Underworld, we
know that many felt real concern for a ®
and her citizens. Some, no doubt, felt only lust
for power and others, mere greed/ we cast no >
aspersions and name no names, Many simply |
wished to stop the Inquisitors. We certainly could |
not blame those Guildwraiths numbered among
the latter as we, too suffered the Inquisitors «
harsh treatment in spite of our loyalty. Thus, ;
despite the Guilds diverse reasons for joining ()
in revolt, we all agreed that such a step was °
necessary.

I was personally responsible for convincing |
our Guildmaster Brother Reliant, that Charon
was losing control. In spite of my almost con-
stant attendance on Charon, his Shadow tor~
mented him continually. With our imperator sli
ping ever closer to madness and Oblivion, we ,
thought it best that Stygia be ndeel by those |

could not trust such a matter to the Deathlorels,
for they had become entrenched in their own
petty struggles. They cared little what hap-
pened to Stygia, so long as each kept his or
her power )

Granted, the Guilds were already angry. 1),
of Brother Reliant were like matches set to dry |
tinder Kt might well have exploded into flame on |
its own, but I must accept the responsibility
having sparked the fire by urging the Guilels to (
an action that cost us all dearly in its after~
math In 159%, the Guilds rose in revolt, Led by °'

Chapter Two: The Pardoner's Tale (History) 97


the Artificers, we attempted nothing less than
@ complete overthrow of Stygics government.
Believing that our hard-won Compact had
forged us into 4 strong and unassailable union,
we underestimated the might of the Legions ane
our own inadequacy to withstand the pressures
of open war Almost immeciately our ranks be~
gan to disintegrate, torn apart by inner strife,
as some Guilds began to regret their decision
to participate in the coup

Though the Usurers had been among the
loudest to cry for rebellion, they abancloned our
cause almost before we had begun. Seeing their
allies leave, the Masquers deserted as well.
Panicking, the Artificers attempted to bludgeon
their way to victory using raw power to make
up for their lack of tactical expertise. k was not
enough. Divided by internal dissension and
riddled with the loss of many ancient and pow~
erful Guildwraiths, the revolt crumblee.

The Breaking

As retaliation for our disloyalty, Charon de~
creed the dissolution of the Guilds. Any organi~
zation which called itself a Guild would hence~
forth be considered outlaw land its members
fodder for the soulforges! The decree further
stated that Legionnaires would take our place
and perform our jobs. The Guilds were to vanish
from the face of the Underworld.

Naturally it became clear that the Legions
could not adequately replace us. Work was left
undone or botched, and projects which the Le~
gionnaires started were soon sabotaged.
Charon stormed andl raged, | was told, even as
the works of his empire fell into ruin around him.

For once, | hesitated to approach Charon,
out of fear that his wrath might lead him to for~
get our long frieneship br worse, to see my
with him as an attempt to influence him uneluly) I
struggled with my conscience, for I knew that
Charon needed a Pardoner after the events of
the coup but I was afraid he might consign me
to the soulforges. In my mine, | was clearly guilty
and deserved whatever punishment he decreeel
Equally strong, my price mace me determined
not to abase myself before Charon. To ny shame,
it took a visit from other Guild members to con~
vince me to go to Charon, to beg him for clenr
ency and reinstatement of the many
Guildwraiths forbidelen to practice their Arcana.

98 Guildbook: Pardoners


sign all of us to the forges, lest he risk a gen~
eral uprising or strengthen Oblivion. My chief
fears were that | would arrive at Charons quar~
ters either to be tuned away or to be met by
Charoris Shaelow. To prevent the former | bra~
zenly approached Charoris guards and de~
that he had sent for me. Nly second fear evapo~
rated when he bade me enter his chambers.
tHe was not so much angry as hurt, ane he
let me know that he had neecled my services
during the time I had avoided him. Now | asked
for him to forgive the transgressors, but first |
performed the rites of purification for him It
seemed as though we had never been at odds.
lresumed my regular visits with him and at~
tempted each time to reinforce my pleas that
he soften his position on the Guilds. Though he
refused to permit the Guilds to retwn as such
las he was fearful of another coup attempt! he
allowed former Guild members to practice their
callings as individuals under the aegis of the

Se uiuad at thie
Paredoners

Despite the Breaking of the Guilds, we have
continued to perform our vital services/ we main~
tain our connections with one another and with
other custodians of the Arcanoi. Stygian law
forbiels us to refer to ourselves as a Guild, but
even the most stringent enforcers of that law
recognize our usefulness as Castigators. We
function as Pareloners, with inelivieluals hanging
out our lanterns wherever there is need While
we no longer have ‘Guild houses' we do main~
tain Chapter Houses, where instruction takes
place, ane where we can share our knowledge
with one another

Other Guilds lost more than either the Par~
doners or the Artificers did, anel when we can,
we aid them Stil, it is meet that we suffered
the least from the Breaking, for our society
cannot survive without us. In my opinion, shoul
we all give up our concern for material things,
we could even get along without the Artificers

& view other Restless, in~
dueling my dear friend Ember! though perhaps,
we would stil need their help in forging weale
souls to stand against Oblivion. Kis a certainty
however that Stygia coulel not stanel for long {/
without our abilities. Take away the material })
goods, Artifacts and all, strip away all else from 4)
the majesty of the Isle of Sorrows, and you are 4
left with a Psyche and her Shadow. Everything
else is commentary' go and stuely it.
Had we been more willing to use thatlever~ |
age in the coup of course, things would have 4
been different.
We could not do so however Although the 6
Guilds had many members, when we used the |
threat of refusing to Castigate them, we were |
talking about letting a number of inelividual
wraiths fall to their Shaclows — and even then, }
we used our power to force 4 peace among us, |)
rather than to wage war Had we contemplated })
the same tactic in our attempted coup, we would 6
have been pronouncing an interdict, an exconr
munication on all the Underworld The idea of §
the battle for supreme power in Stygia being |
was too horrible to contemplate. H betrayed }
blame us for not pushing Stygia to this pass?
Some of the other Guilels blamed us for our reti~
cence in this matter and hinted that our reluc~
tance to hold the ultimate threat over the heads
of our foes led to the coups failure. They might 5
be right, but if we were to remain true to our~
Despite what we suffered in the aftermath
of this political catastrophe, we were able to
utilize the Breaking of the Guilds to our aelvan~
tage. Disquised| as refugees fleeing from Stygia,
many of our members succeeded in infiltrating a
Renegade and Heretic groups. In the past, we §
had ministered to indivicluals from these bands 0 |
only when they came to us/ they would not suf~
fer us to join them The fall of the Guilels, how~
ever enabled us to place Pureloners directly
within the ranks of the Underworlds dissent- |
ers, Likewise, we have agents and Chapter |
Houses in most Necropoli. Most Pardoners serve
their cohorts within their own Legions, forming § {
help.

Chapter Two: The Pardoner's Tale (History)

eee =

In the following centuries, the Third and
Fourth Maelstroms assaulted the Underworld
Once again, Pareloners fought alongside the
Legions. Even between Maelstroms, savagery
and violence in the Skinlands found mirrors
within the Tempest. Spectres became stronger
and more numerous.

Seeing the devastation these Spectres
wrought, Charon created a new group of Rest~
less dedicated to pursuing and destroying
Spectres in return for bounty. Some Pareoners
joined that grows which became known as the

Even today, though we now repu~
diate their methods, some among the

claim Pardoner affiliation, We, for
our part, tend to these souls as best we can,
for surely the peri they face at the hanels of
their Shadows is terrible.

The Second World War saw massive casu~
alties among the soldiers and millions of mur~
dered victims — among them, Europes Jews,
Gypsies and homosexuals. The Shadowlands
filled to bursting with these shattered souls.
Again, we strove mightily to save as many as
we could. We did not do enough For what it is
worth, though, our emissaries have spread
knowledge of our arts insiele the wire, though
we ourselves cannot journey there.

As battle raged in the Pacific, Stygia and
the Jade Empire locked together in a war for

seeing to their spiritual needs and shielding
them from who sought to capitalize on
the conflict. | like to believe that, through our
efforts, many souls were saveel who might oth~
erwise have been lost to Oblivion or its ser~
vants.

Then the bombing of Hiroshima and
Nagasaki roared through the Underworld, and
all such petty concerns were swept aside. Ht is
strange, to me, to call the salvation of souls
petty' but compared to the fury those blasts
unleashed, the fate of a single soul was as a
drop of rain in the ocean. The Fifth Great Mael-
strom raged, ane with it, from the depths of the
Labyrinth, there rose a great Malfean known
as Gorool, None could stand against the threat

100 Guildbook: Pardoners

it posed, though many were lost to its hungers.

Finally, armed with the strongest blessings we
could give, Charon put aside his mask and sailed
alone to meet the monster Drawing the beast
away from Stygia, Charon called forth 4 whirt-
pool and flung himself into it, as he dragged
Gorool along with him, Neither was seen again,
Though most of Stygia knows this story few
know of our Guilels culpability in Charon disap
pearance' fewer still know of my particular
shame.

Charon

Charon was a man of many talents and
great passions. I knew him as well as fif not
better than! anyone. Because | had existed
alongside Charon since the earliest days, he
entrusted the well-being of his soul to me. Most
Restless know of Charon only as our greatest
leader and the founder of Stygia, Few under~
stand that he could feel betrayed and hurt by
those he trusted when they failed him. Few un~
derstand that he was a man.

Often, he would brood as he consiclered the
problems facing Stygia, as he made plans to
ensure its survival He agonized over how best
to fulfill the Lady of Fates original commanels —
especially once the Far Shores stood unveiled
as a fools dream Charon often cried for the
wraiths he was supposed to lead he could also
let loose a berserk rage when he felt he had
been let down. Several times, he retreated from
the Underworld to the maze of passageways
inside the Onyx Tower while he nursed his hurt
and anger

Throughout it all, | remained by his side, of~
fering counsel and using our art to erase the
stains upon his soul, | failed him only once, dur~
ing the Revolt of the Guilds. Seeing his descent
into madness andl instability in his later years, |
feared for Stygia and her Restless Deael In
the end, my abilities proved unequal to the task
of saving Charon. | had hoped our final deans~
ing would be enough to restore our great leader
to what - anal who — he once was, K was not to
be. Hf there is blame to assign for Charors loss,
that blame is mine,

Soon after Charoris descent, the Guild
called upon me to become Guileimaster | know
many felt that I needed the challenge to keep

me occupied My first reaction was to refuse. |
needed no such coddling to save me from
Oblivioris lure. Then, | reconsidered H seemed
only just that | should have to deal with the many
problems of our Guild as it faced a future with~
out Charons tacit protection. | took the title,
though | felt keenly the irony of having wraiths
whom I had failed petition me to lead them My
hope in doing so was to undo some of the mis~
takes I had made and to keep other Pardoners,
some as arrogant as | once had been, from re~
peating my errors. You must juelge for yourselves
whether | have succeecled in those aims during
my tenure,

Present Day
Pardoners

Since Charon's disappearance, the
Deathloreds have ruled in Stygia. Pointlessly,
they quarrel among themselves andi fight for

control of the most souls, while they forget why
those souls are needed. Stygias pride of place,
it seems, has been usurped by the Necropoli,
where Anacreons plot their own ascendancy
to the detriment of the Underworld We, who
know these petty tyrants souls ane innermost
secrets, see that they are unfit to nde. But who,
then, shall lead? We have seen the downfall of
the Guilds before, when we rose in revolt. The
Council of Guilds remains divided, ane we Per~
doners cannot ever trust the Usurers or their
allies again.

Vet now paradoxically the Pareloners might
be stronger than many believe, for we harbor a
great machine in the heart of our Guildhouse,
Ks use may allow us to assume the leadership
of the Underworld — if we use it at the right
time and can control the forces it shall inevita~
bly unleash And we hear that Charon is re~
turning. | pray that he remembers us only with
fondness. Should he remember else, | hope that
he will gant us what we have given unto count
less others throughout the centuries — parelon.

ae


While we stand within the lantern's glow,
Around us, others gather — illumined by
Our light of clarity and contrition.
Outside the lantern's radius,

The living and near-living hover.

Beyond it all, the darkness rules...

— Brother Tenacious, "Circles"

Now that you have heard our beginnings and have walked
with us through the years to the present time, you are ready
for the next step in your education as a Pardoner. The follow-
ing brochures describe our structure as a Guild, the various
groups our membership comprises, and our relations with the
Underworld's assorted factions and the creatures beyond the
Shroud.

ist Brochure: ,
Within the Lantern s Glow

Viewed from the inside, the Pardoners Guild loses some
of its mystique. While our public image may be an intimidat-
ing one, and our methods of Castigation might seem arcane

=

Contessions

or terrifying, our internal affairs revolve around less esoteric
aspects of existence. Policing ourselves, regulating the instruc-
tion of Apprentices and keeping track of Guild matters — [
these things occupy a great deal of time.

The Structure of the Guild

In the days before the Guilds, our skill in Castigation |
and successes in overcoming Shadows and Oblivion deter-
mined our place within the order. There was no need for rank
in those times, for we each knew the level of our skills and
called upon others as needed. Decisions that concerned all of
us were settled by reaching a mutually agreeable accord.

Although we had always known we were not equal to
one another in our gifts for Castigation and our accomplish-
ments, we were a true society. We all had a say in governing
ourselves. If more weight were given to a particular Purifier's

Chapter Three: True Confessions

words than to another's, it was out of respect for that person's
wisdom and experience, not merely because she had achieved
a certain level of mastery in Castigation.

With the coming of the Guilds, we lost our easy camara-
derie to artificial stratification. Some members, by virtue of
having learned the deeper secrets of Castigation, became the
de facto rulers of the Guild. Other equally worthy (though
less schooled) Pardoners had little voice, regardless of their
personal wisdom or insight into a particular situation.

In becoming a Guild, we adopted the practice of ranking
members according to their relative skills. We assigned Ap-
prentice, Journeyman, Master or Grand Master status to our
members, although we also kept the old titles of Postulants,
Pledges, Pardoners and Master Pardoners for internal use. At
the top of our Guild, the Supreme Master (or Most Reverend
Pardoner) acts as a spokesperson to the Hierarchy and the
other Guilds. Decades past, he also served as a spokesman to
Charon himself, but that role is sadly unnecessary these days.

The breakup of the Guilds has done little to change our
basic structure. We maintain well-protected and inconspicu-
ous Guildhouses, now called Chapter Houses, in Stygia and
throughout the Shadowlands. Most Necropoli host at least
one Chapter House; larger cities may have several smaller
houses to serve outlying areas.

Most often, the Chapter Houses resemble churches,
temples, convents or monasteries. Regardless of its architec-
tural niceties, however, each Chapter House prominently dis-
plays the Pardoners' iron lantern, so that all who need our
services can find us.

Our Chapter Houses serve primarily as centers for fel-
lowship and instruction. Postulants spend their initial train-
ing period in residence, while ranking Pardoners use local
Chapter Houses as their headquarters. While many Pardon-
ers prefer to conduct their business in their own Haunts, the
Chapter Houses offer private rooms for use during Castiga-
tions. They also provide venues for retreats and haunts-away-
from-home for visiting Pardoners.

&4
[raining

Before we reinvented ourselves as a Guild, we trained
many wraiths who stood outside our association. As Purifiers,
all that we had insisted on from these students was that any-
one learning Castigation under our tutelage must also take —
and abide by — our oath. Now we limit our teachings to
wraiths who actually begin an Apprenticeship.

Apprentices/Postulants

Apprentices, or Postulants, come to us through atten-
dance of our retreats or else through referral by a Guild mem-
ber (usually the aspirant's regular Pardoner). These potential
Guild members undergo an intensive period of training dur-

104 Guildbook: Pardoners


ilhimination

When the great city of Stygia arose, Charon
rook the lantern he had used in his descent inte
the Labyrinth and placed it in a lighthouse to
serve as a beacon shining over the whole city.

ind its

We appreciated its syn

slic importance
unspoken echo of the tale of Diogenes, who car
the brightest part

ried a lit lantern throw

the day as-he searched for one honest man. Ac
cordingly, we petitioned the great lord, so that
the lantern would become the symbol of our ot
der. Just as it shed light against the darkness and
kept it at bay, so we pledged to drive out the dark
ness within and replace it with an inner light
that would serve each wraith as a beacon, illu
minating her way to the Far Shores: Charon
agreed. The iron lantern has been our symbol

ever since

ing which they study our history and become familiar with
the various styles of Castigation, as well as the basic abilities
associated with our particular Arcanos. Although they do not
yet practice the rites of purification, Apprentices accompany
Journeymen on their rounds to learn by observation. The fi-
nal phase of a Postulant's training involves a rigorous Casti-
gation by her primary trainer, the Journeyman who has super-
vised most of her studies. During this harsh and sometimes
debilitating experience, the Postulant gains valuable insights
that inform her later progress through the Pardoners' ranks.
Once this step has been taken, a Postulant takes the Pardon-
ers' Oath and joins our ranks as a working member of the

Guild.

journeymen/Pledges

The Journeymen, or Pledges, form the core membership
of our Guild. Bound by their sacred oath, they embark on the
study of Castigation and practice their skills as Pardoners.
Some of our most talented Journeymen serve as teachers,
which enables them to build close relationships with the
Guild's newest members. Journeymen make regular rounds and
report the results of their efforts at Castigation to their Mas-
ters or mentors. During this time of intensive fieldwork, most
Journeymen develop their own unique styles of Castigation
and enjoy the fraternity of others who share their methods.

When a Journeyman has accumulated enough experience,
she receives a summons from her mentor. In order to demon-
strate her worthiness to attain the rank of Pardoner (or Mas-

ter), she must perform a rite of purification upon the one who
has overseen her Journeyman training. After successfully dem-
onstrating her grasp of both the style and substance of Casti-
gation, the Journeyman receives admission into the company
of Masters and can now call herself a true Pardoner.

Masters/Pardoners

At this rank, Pardoners turn their attention toward more
sophisticated and specific studies and learn lesser-known uses
of Castigation. Using what they have learned as Journeymen
about the Shadow and its ruses, they begin the dangerous task
of applying their knowledge to the study of Spectres. Most
Chapter Houses (and some individual Pardoners) possess a
copy of Sister Fidelity's seminal work, De Natura Spectrorum,
an exhaustive compilation of Spectre lore. Along with other
works describing encounters with Oblivion's minions, this
book forms the core of the Master-level Pardoner's reading
list.

Masters also apply themselves to a rigorous schedule of
regular Castigations, acknowledging that their close atten-
tion to the source of darkness places them in constant peril
from their own Shadows. Most Masters work in tandem, with
each member of a Master Pair acting as confessor to the other
and monitoring her partner for signs of the Shadow's encroach-
ment. This custom, initiated in the 16th century by Brother
Loyalty, has proven successful in minimizing the risk involved
in knowing the enemy too well.

Within the Guild, Masters act as teachers and mentors
for Journeymen and Apprentices. Also, the security and safety
of the Chapter Houses lies in their capable hands. As if these
duties did not occupy enough time, Masters also practice their
trade in the field. Many important wraiths in both Stygia and
the Shadowlands insist on receiving Castigation from Par-
doners of Master level or higher, as they fear to entrust their
cleansing to mere Journeymen.

Grand Masters/Master Pardoners

Few Pardoners progress beyond the rank of Master. Some,
however, demonstrate such skill in their work or such a keen
understanding of Castigation and its applications that they
merit the status of Grand Master (or Master Pardoner). We
look to these superior Pardoners for leadership within the
Guild, new advances in Castigation techniques and guidance
in our dealings with other groups in the Underworld.

The few Grand Masters make up the Curia, which over-
sees Guild policy and supervises the distribution of members
throughout the Underworld. Answerable only to the Supreme
Master, members of this elite corps of experienced Pardoners
also serve as confessors and confidantes to the Deathlords,
Grand Masters of other Guilds, Anacreons of the
Shadowlands' Necropoli and other powerful Restless. They


are the Pardoners who hold in confidence some of the most
sensitive secrets of the Underworld.

The Supreme Master

The head of the Pardoners Guild is known within the
ranks as the Supreme Master. Responsible for overseeing the
Guild as a whole, she approves postings, acts as mistress of
ceremonies when initiating Journeymen into Master status
and conducts extensive research into new uses of the arts of
Castigation before she approves them for general use. Many
of her duties are political in nature. As Guildmaster of the
Pardoners, much of her time is spent meeting with the heads
of other Guilds and important members of the Hierarchy to
arrange the exchange of knowledge and favors. The current
Guildmaster is Sister Acceptance, once confessor to Charon
himself.

ro ecting Secrets

n earlier times, the Mnemoi and the Par-
doners worked together closely. When-
ever a Pardoner Castigated an important
wraith, whether Centurion or Deathlord,
the Pardoner then submitted himself to
the ministrations of a trusted Mnemos.
The Mnemos would, in turn, use upon the
Pardoner a proprietary art of Mnemosynis to remove from the
Pardoner's mind whatever knowledge had been learned dur-
ing the Castigation. In effect, this process rendered the Par-

doner incapable of betraying the secrets told to him in confi-
dence, since he no longer possessed them. Because of the Par-
doners' dedication and the Mnemoi's reputation for integrity,
no one questioned the system or worried that his secrets might
be made known. Unfortunately, such naiveté made the in-
evitable fall all the more painful.

When it became known that the Mnemoi were selling
secrets, the truth concerning their "removal" of knowledge
from Pardoners also emerged. Rather than simply excising
secrets from important wraiths' confessors, Mnemoi stole the
information for later sale or use in blackmail schemes. In-
dicted along with the Mnemoi traitors, many Pardoners suf-
fered under the questioning of Inquisitors determined to root
out anyone disloyal to Stygia and all who had betrayed trusts.
Very few Pardoners were judged guilty, yet it was one of the
Guild's darkest hours.

Since that time, we Pardoners have had to rely on other
means to reassure clients of our good intentions, and to pro-
tect from being disseminated the secrets we learn. Some of
the older Pardoners had learned aspects of Mnemosynis from
Mnemoi with whom they had served, and they utilized the
Arcanos on themselves and their students. Understandably,

many wraiths distrusted this method, having seen it mis'
already, and the practice gradually petered out.

Because the Mnemoi had proved themselves to be un-
trustworthy, many important Restless began exacting terrible
oaths from those Pardoners who Castigated them. These Sup-
plicants promised eternal agony to any who betrayed their
secrets. Although most Pardoners had no intention of betray-
ing their clients, many worried that they might unintention-
ally let something slip (or that their Shadows might delight
in deliberately giving away what their Psyches learned).

Obviously, another method of protecting our clients and
the burden of this crisis fell
to Father Compassionate. He, in conjunction with several
other elder Pardoners, developed a new Castigation Art —
Shadow Screen, a way of fencing off things the Pardoner
doesn't want her Shadow to know. Incidentally, this art also
screens the information from the conscious mind of the Psyche

ourselves was needed. As alway:

as well. It isn't perfect, but it's certainly better than nothing
or the Mnemoi.

It goes without saying that Pardoners generally take their
oath seriously; it is considered a betrayal worthy of serious
censure from the Guild for a Pardoner to intentionally reveal
anything told to her in confidence by a client. We ostracize
and refuse to teach any wraith, regardless of his rank within
the Guild, who does break the seal of the confessional. This
measure serves to keep most Pardoners honest and to reassure
all who turn to the Guild that their secrets will be kept safe.
Finally, some of the more important officials of Stygia simply
refuse to see anyone but the regular Pardoner with whom they

AO7qqy

AA _ AN

around.

If a secret does come out, the Pardoner invariably takes
the blame, and Deathlords have such imaginative ways of pun-
ishing traitors. Still, many Pardoners get away more lightly
than they otherwise might in such situations, as even the
Deathlords fear alienating us unnecessarily. In the end, the
simple truth is this: Everyone needs a Pardoner, and all sim-
ply have to take it on faith that we who battle Shadows won't
give those dark alter egos any more ammunition than we must.

Status Within the Guild

Despite the official stratification of the Guild and be-
stowal of various ranks according to expertise, we also ac
knowledge what each Pardoner does with her skill. Within
the Guild, a lower-ranked Pardoner who has "confessed" im-
portant people and gained knowledge of a number of secrets

is often shown more respect than a ranking member who does
little other than dabble among the rabble. We Pardoners look
inside other people's souls and discover their fears, their weak-
nesses and sometimes their crimes. Although we are bound
by our oath not to betray secrets to others, the mere fact that
we possess such secrets gives us the potential for control, and
that is what gives us status — knowing secrets that we are
disciplined enough not to reveal. It is considered a mark of
honor. We also award status to Pardoners who invent new
twists on our Arcanos or who utilize existing arts in particu-
larly creative ways.

WON N

\

qhe Pardoners' Oath

The following constitutes the oath as written by,
Hippocrates, known to his fellow Pardoners as Father
Compassionate. Sworn by all members of the Pardon-

ers Guild, the oath is also required of anyone who is

slightly over time to reflect changes in the Under-

for Apollo, when it was sworn by adherents of the
Fishers heresy), this version of the oath covers all the
major provisions of the original.

The Oath

the gods and goddesses, making them my witnesses}
that I will fulfill according to my best-ability and
judgment this oath and this covenant: P
I shall look upon those who have taught me this
art as equal to my parents, and share all I have with

as my brethren and teach them this art if they desire
to learn it. I agree that I shall teach no one who has
not taken this oath and signed our covenant, and that
our art shall not be used for personal aggrandizement,
profit or other dishonorable, purpose.
I will use my knowledge for Ye efit of
Supplicants, according to my ability. and judgment; I
will keep them from all harm except that negessary to
cleanse the darkness within them. I agree a
precautions that my treatment be successful
no lasting harm; 1 shall not pursue the Shadow to
lengths that the destruction'of the Psyche'might "
3 result.

Whatever place I may visit to offer my Castiga-
tion, there I will go for the benefit of the sufferer,
remaining free of all intentional injustice, of all
mischief, or other intentional damage or harm to
those there, be they thrall, Legionnaire, Freewraith or
*y Lord.

What I may hear or see in the course of my
ministrations in regard to private matters, personal
weaknesses or hidden matters which should not be
spread abroad, I shall keep to myself and hold-such
things shameful to be spoken about. If I fulfill this
oath and do not violate it, may it be granted me to

enjoy fame and honor among all Restless for all time
to come; if I transgress it and swear falsely, may my

fellow Pardoners repudiate me and bring me to justice
in whatever fashion they deem consistent with my

crimes. To these restrictions and to this covenant I do

. swear.
5 F sgh ae

Guildbook: Pardoners

taught any of the arts of Castigation. Although alteréd_

them if they are in need. I shall regard their brethren. -

I swear by/Apollo Physician and Asclepios and all

world (such as the substitution of God or the Saints

Prt in he Gul
"Wihy We Accept Fees For Our Work

Although we spoke long concerning this practice and
the fear that we might be tempted to corruption through it,
in the end, we decided it was better to set Guild-regulated
rates for our services. Doing so kept individuals from abusing
their necessary office by gouging petitioners, and also served
as a deterrent to any who would abuse the good nature of our
brethren.

Fees are not always in oboli. Sometimes Pardoners ac-
cept information or an exchange of knowledge (a Castiga-
tion in return for teaching the Castigator a needed Arcanos
such as Argos, for example). Although the other Guilds look
askance at giving away Guild Arcanoi, there is generally little
resistance to teaching Pardoners basic skills they might need.

Why We Exact Payment for Training

Along with charging fees for our work, we also choose to
collect payment for training and upkeep from wraiths who
join the Guild. This practice stems from the feeling that
wraiths unwilling to pay lack the necessary commitment to
their calling.

If talented wraiths cannot afford to pay immediately, our
policy allows us to accept them with the understanding that
all initial fees they collect revert to the Guild until their debt
is paid. In some cases, we allow members of Master rank within
the Guild to sponsor individuals, in essence agreeing to teach
them without payment. Once such postulants reach Journey-
man status, they are expected to teach newer members. In
effect, they receive their education for free, in return for tu-
toring others.

ie Groups/factions

@| ardoners tend to group themselves by
styles of Castigation. Each method of sub-
duing the Shadow and ridding a wraith of
the inner darkness evolves from a particu-
lar philosophy of enacting the rites of Pu-
A) ification. While most of these groups co-
operate with one another, and member-
ship in one group does not necessarily preclude a Pardoner's
joining a second or even a third group, occasionally arguments
between factions do erupt. These disputes rarely signify true
divisiveness. Instead, they serve as forums for debate about
the best approach to the act of Castigation.


Confessors

The largest faction of Pardoners, the Confessors, draws
upon the ancient method of discourse and dialogue to cajole,
convince or coerce the Shadow into a state of remorse. While
some refer to this method as Socratic, others see a greater
resonance with the Catholic Church's sacrament of confes-
sion, in which the supplicant recites a litany of his sins, dis-
cusses them with his confessor and receives a penance in re-
turn for forgiveness. Despite its emphasis on verbal exchange,
this method of Castigation can be just as harsh and painful as
ones practiced by more physical Castigators. Most Confessors
come from the ranks of the clergy, although guidance and
marriage counselors, advice columnists and bartenders also
find this style compatible with their concept of Castigation.

Inquisitors

The harshest style of Castigation involves practices best
described as torture. Although this group of Pardoners takes
its name from the medieval institution to which the bulk of
its members belonged in life, many Inquisitors hail from both
earlier and later eras. Modern Inquisitors include police in-
vestigators, detectives, surgeons, drill instructors and govern-

ment intelligence specialists.

Psychists

While the idea of purification through self-knowledge
has existed for millennia, the advent of modern psychology
and the analytic method of achieving personal clarity swelled
the ranks of this group of Pardoners. More formal in approach
than a Confessor, a Psychist attempts to understand and as-
sist their petitioners' Shadows to work through the motiva-
tions for their wrongdoing. In addition to old-style philoso-
phers, these Pardoners include Freudian psychoanalysts, New
Age counselors, complexity theorists, research scientists and
motivational seminar leaders

Scourges

The earliest forms of purification or chastisement usu-
ally involved some kind of physical punishment or suffering.
Indeed, public flogging still exists in some parts of the
Skinlands. It is not surprising, therefore, that some Pardoners
follow the practice of literally beating the Shadow into sub-
mission. These Pardoners usually carry specially made whips,
flails, or other, similar punitive devices to announce their pro-
clivity for this form of Castigation. In life, many of the oldest
Scourges belonged to medieval religious communities that
practiced self-flagellation or other forms of physical penance:
Some Scourges prefer direct physical contact with the Shadow,
and they literally pummel it into repentance as they rip away
the stains of darkness. Modern proponents of this form of

The inquisition and the Unlidded Eye

The Inquisitors became the premiere faction
of Pardoners during the medieval period, when
numerous practitioners of our Arcanos spread
throughout Europe in an attempt to root out her-
esy.

In the Skinlands, the Church's Inquisitors were
concerned primarily with the soul, rather than the
physical body. They performed the most gruesome
and hideous tortures, in the certainty that such
methods surely drove the devil out of their vic-
tims. These measures presumably brought the soul
into a state of grace once again. It mattered little
that many who came under their ministrations died
(or were burned at the stake). Bodies and Earthly
existence were transitory; the soul endured for:
ever.

When these inquisitors reached the Under
world, they found that their jobs were not over.
Once again, they took up the whip and the thumb-
screw and rejoiced that, even after death, their
vigilance against evil could continue. Though many
have since mellowed, others remain as adamantly
determined as ever. Among these staunch advo-
cates of purity, there is a great deal of crossover
with the Order of the Unlidded Eye. Most Pardon-
ers were shocked by the revelation of the Shining
Ones' betrayals, of their failure to help the Rest
less entrusted to their care find Transcendence.
The Inquisitors merely nodded, as if they had al-
ways known there was corruption within the
ranks; and, just as they had scoured the living once

before, the Inquisitors volunteered to cleanse this

new group of Heretics, too


Guildbook: Pardoners

purification come from a varied mix that includes military
personnel, heavy metal aficionados, boxers, wrestlers, mar-
tial arts instructors and boarding school disciplinarians.

Special interest Societies

In addition to these factions, a few other groups unite
around special interests or functions. Members of these soci-
eties share a common vision of what they hope to achieve as
Pardoners or else provide necessary services to the Guild as a
whole.

Missionaries

Some Pardoners dedicate themselves to ministering to
the Shadows of wraiths who stand outside the Hierarchy. Trav-
eling in pairs or small groups, these Missionaries seek Ren-
egade and Heretic strongholds, outlaw camps and remote
pockets of wraith society. In those places, they offer their ser-
vices (frequently without compensation) to Restless in des-
perate need of Castigation. Although they usually remain away
from their Chapter Houses for long periods of time, Mission-
aries return to us whenever they can to share what they have
learned and, occasionally, to bring back recruits.

Of late, a few Mis
to cleanse the leaders of these false paradises. They believe
that if they can succeed in their mission, the ancient myth of
the Far Shores could yet become a reality.

Darksiders

Made up exclusively of Masters, this highly specialized
society focuses on applying our knowledge of Spectres (in-
cluding our speculative theories on their redemption) "in the
field." Darksiders walk a dangerous path along the fringes of
the Tempest, where they seek confrontations with Spectres.
During some periods of our history, membership in the
Darksiders was forbidden, due to the belief that courting Spec-
tres inevitably ended in wedding Oblivion. Not surprisingly,
the Darksiders survived these difficult periods, and since the
Fifth Maelstrom, the spread of Oblivion has made their exist-
ence a necessity.

ionaries talk of going to the Far Shores

Darksiders use their name to remind themselves of the
potentially damning consequences of their activities. These
Pardoners most often attach themselves to groups of
Doomslayers. They minister to the needs of these frontline
warriors and simultaneously seek to further their knowledge
of Oblivion's armies.

Voluntary submission to the most rigorous forms of Cas-
tigation helps protect Darksiders from succumbing to the ad-
vances of Spectres, but an aura of mistrust surrounds them,
despite their precautions. Many among us fear that constant
contact with the minions of Oblivion can result only in their


eventual absorption into the ranks of Spectres. The persis-
tence of rumors that the Darksiders harbor Doppelgangers in
their midst has launched more than one official investigation
of the society.

The Beacon

Perhaps more than any other Guild, we need to keep
ourselves honest. We do so through the auspices of the Bea-
con, a group of carefully selected Pardoners dedicated to
watching other Pardoners and making certain that their col-
leagues don't misuse the information they obtain under the
seal of Castigation. Referred to by many within the Guild as
the Pardoners' Pardoners, members of the Beacon occupy a
unique position. While they enjoy tremendous respect from
their fellow Guild members, their presence usually evokes feel-
ings of fear and wariness.

Most Pardoners regularly offer Castigation to Guild mem-
bers. The Beacon steps in whenever charges of corruption arise
or when a member exhibits behavior that indicates unwonted
growth of her Shadow. Members of this society practice a form
of Team Castigation that nearly always ferrets out even the
most deeply hidden secrets, and unearths the truth in any
given situation. While they do not completely eradicate cor-
ruption, members of the Beacon do succeed in keeping it toa
minimum. They also serve as a visible sign to other wraiths of
our good intentions.

Philosophical Divisions

he importance of our goals overrides most
political and philosophical divisions and
allows us to interact with one another
freely and without the internal rancor that
threatens the integrity of many other
Guilds. There do exist some major philo-
sophical differences, however, which
could cause serious internal dissension if left unresolved.

The main philosophical conflict concerns the disposi-
tion of the Shadow. Most Pardoners want to cleanse the
shadow entirely. Others want to bring it into balance with
the Psyche. For them, the obliteration of the Shadow is not
the goal. Another viewpoint has recently gained adherents,
that of Transcendence through Oblivion.

The Ablutioniss

In general, most Western Pardoners adhere to the ideal
of cleansing. Some in this camp, however, are beginning to
wonder what the point is. If there are no Far Shores, there is

little reason to cleanse a wraith's soul, except to keep her from
Oblivion. Many of these practitioners now strive to eradicate
wraiths' Shadows, rather than simply to cleanse them over
and over, in hopes that these return customers will someday
Transcend.

qhe Reclamationists

From contact with their counterparts in the East, a tiny
number of Pardoners have conceived the idea that the Shadow
is an integral part of the wraith, indivisible from him and
unable ever to be truly cleansed or purged. They believe that
the Shadow must become fully integrated with the Psyche,
each acknowledging the need for the other and working in
partnership. As there is light, so must there be darkness to
balance it. The Reclamationists see their job as leading the
Shadow back into cooperation with the Psyche; their goal is
to make every wraith a bulwark against Oblivion by giving
the Shadow equal importance, thereby cutting off the Spec-
tres' main argument in recruiting Shadows to serve the great
Void. As things currently stand, the Reclamationists have not
yet broken with the Ablutionists. For now, the two groups
form the vanguard of the Darksider movement, through which
they test their various theories.

qhe Cult of inner Flame and Darkness

Some of our number have become outright Heretics. Dis-
illusioned with the Far Shores and angered by Stygia's de-
cline and the continual influx of tortured wraiths, they have
become believers in the cleansing power of Oblivion itself.
They propose that a Pardoner use Castigate only to guide other
wraiths into an acceptance of Oblivion as the means of Tran- |
scendence. Adherents of this heresy maintain that it is only
the struggle against Oblivion that brings forth the Shadow
and Spectres.

Thus, by their reckoning, if a wraith simply accepts the
erasure of the self, of her particular consciousness, she will
Transcend her own unruly will. Letting go and facing oblit-
eration will then allow the wraith to leave behind her Rest-
less existence and move onward — either toa higher plane or
to reincarnation. Needless to say, nobody likes the members
of this cult. They are banned within the Pardoner's Guild it-
self, and anyone known to be a member is captured by her
fellow Pardoners and sent to the main Guildhouse for as
strenuous and prolonged a re-education as is needed. Should
the Cultist not respond to these rehabilitation efforts, she is;
reluctantly (and sorrowfully) given to the Artificers, so that
their soulforges may purify her and burnish her soul to eternal
brilliance.

Chapter Three: True Confessions


| "ae

The Fallen

The Guild officially refuses to discuss the Fallen, and Pardoners turn away when the name is mentioned
Indeed, the Guild resists even acknowledging that the Fallen were once Pardoners. These beings are grouped
together only for convenience when whispering of them, for they have failed in their missions and gone over

to the other side. As has been noted elsewhere, some Shadows become so acclimated to Castigation that

grearer and more prolonged effort must be exerted to affect them at all. The Fallen are those Pardoners whose

Shadows eventually triumphed by leading their Psyches further along Oblivion's path until, eventually, th

succumbed to the lure of the darkness and became Spectres

i
By

The Fallen are exceptionally dangerous: These dark entities are well aware of every trick in the Pardoners

book, having used those same stratagems themselves for untold years. Furthermore, they often know Guild

seerets, which the Fallen can turn to their advantage. Many of them have begun working on' ways to get

around Castigation's power to cleanse

nectres from an area or to do battle with the Shadow-eaten, Finally,

although the Guild shudders even to think it might be true, rumor has it that some of the Fallen currently

reside within. Chapter Houses, where they pretend they are still normal Pardoners:and lead all'whom they

"Castigate" to Oblivion. This rumor is, not surprisingly, strenuously denied by the Guild leadership.

Second Brochure:

llumined by Our
Pardoners int

<
ardoners, like all wraiths, exist within a

the impor-
| tance of maintaining amicable ties with

larger society. We recogn'

as many groups in the Underworld as pos-
sible, while we cultivate the measured
neutrality so vital to our calling. Never-
theless, we do hold opinions about the

wraiths we serve. We emphasize, again, the uniqueness of our

position in wraith society: Sooner or later, everyone comes to
us. We try to administer our skills without prejudice. Even so,
the following passages describe the feelings of most Pardoners
toward various groups in Stygia and the Shadowlands.

The Big Three
The hierarchy

From the Deathlords who rule the Empire of Stygia to
the lowliest thrall in the remotest outpost, everyone within
the Hierarchy depends on Pardoners to do battle with his
Shadow. The Hierarchy officially acknowledges our existence

112 Guildbook: Pardoners

as a "society," although it is quick to deny that we exist as a

Guild. That suits us as well, as we became a Guild in respons
to the demands of the era that gave birth to the Guild system.

o Pardoner has, to our knowledge, ever been arrested
for practicing her vocation, nor has any of the Legions ever
interfered with a Castigation in progress. To say that mem-
bers of Stygia's ruling Council consult with us would consti-
tute an exaggeration. To deny that we have some influence in
the highest circles of Stygia and the Shadowlands would be a

lie.

Renegades

Because we exist by the largesse of the powers that be,
we have no official dealings with the groups of disaffected
and rebellious wraiths known as Renegades. Nevertheless,
Renegades — perhaps more than most other wraiths — need
our services, since they tend to accumulate anger and nega-
tive emotions more rapidly than do members of the Hierar-
chy.

We refrain from questioning wraiths who come to us about
their political affiliations, so we have no real way of knowing
whether a wraith we Castigate belongs to a Renegade group.
Our Missionaries do travel to areas where known Renegades
gather. Some of our members sojourn for long periods of time
with a particular group and try to keep these angry young
wraiths on the right side of Oblivion.

Heretics

We do recall that Pardoners once bore the label of Her-
Sven
today, some wraiths consider us only an obol's throw away

etic, due to the religious overtones that color our duties. E

from the Restless who believe they have found the Far Shores.
Like Renegades, they are anathema to official wraith society.
To us, however, they constitute only another populace in need
of Castigation.

Missionaries from our Guild attach themselves to known
Heretic groups, become part of their communities and gain
their trust in order to minister to them. We neither condone
nor condemn Heretics for their eccentricities; theirs are souls
like any others'.

The Other Guilds

Even though Guilds officially ceased to exist after the
time of the Breaking, we still keep contact with the various
societies, fellowships, alliances and unions that arose to take
their places. As with other groups, we attempt to foster cor-
dial relations with all of our former Guild associates. How-
ever, history has a habit of imprinting its memories upon us
and we can neither forget groups that helped us in the past,
nor forgive ones that betrayed us when the Guilds had the
potential to change the Underworld.

friends

We maintain strong ties with the Monitors, although the
links between our two groups may not be immediately appar-
ent. They serve as our connection to the Skinlands and pro-
vide us with vital information about the Fetters of our cli-
ents. Just as we vigilantly watch over the wraiths in our care,
the Monitors exercise a similar guardianship over the people
and things that bind wraiths to the world of the living.

Our relations with the Artificers consist of mutual re-
spect, in recognition of the fact that we are two sides of the
same obol. The Artificers purify and remake Corpus; we purge
and refresh "souls." Although they classify us among the
"younger Guilds," we allow them this fiction because we un-
derstand their need to maintain their place as first among the
Guilds. We take pride in our association with these honor-
able and — like us — oath-bound wraiths.

We endeavor to maintain good relations with the Har-
bingers, since we often need speedy travel through the Tem-
pest, in response to pleas for emergency Castigations. We have
recently begun an experiment in conjunction with the
Sandmen, who have discovered a method of cleansing souls
through the use of dreams. Their Fortifiers study with us to
learn how to combine what they do with compatible applica-
tions of Castigation.

Enemies

Although we do attempt to remain above petty bicker-
ing and hatreds, we have trouble dealing with certain Guilds
(or pseudo-Guilds) as groups. The rabble who call themselves
Spooks seem dedicated to spreading Oblivion through ran-


Guildbook: Pardoners

dom acts of violence in the Skinlands and in the Underworld.
Their mentor Guild, the Haunters, is little better. Although
we do not refuse to minister to individuals from these groups,
we refuse to have any official dealings with them. To do so
would be to give tacit sanction to their aims and practices.

Were it not for their shameless betrayal of the Guilds, we
would have no real problem with the Usurers — apart from
the fact that their Arcanos gives them the potential to shift
the balance between light and darkness within others. We
know our self-imposed limits with regard to this ability; we
do not know theirs. What we do know is that any group which
has once betrayed a trust will likely do so again.

qhe Greatest foe

Despite our distaste for the Haunters and Spooks, our
Guildmaster sits with their Guild heads in council. We save
our hatred for the Mnemoi. As we were closely affiliated with
the Mnemoi, we saw them betray their oaths and fall to cor-
ruption. Because of their excesses, our own name was be-
smirched. Their ability to shape and recast memories makes
them dangerous to every wraith. Can you imagine the abuses
they have committed? Memories of Fetters and Passions wiped
from wraith's minds. Secrets stolen and sold to Spectres for
mere oboli. Good wraiths condemned to the forges when their
"own" false memories betray them. Such crimes are insup-
portable.

Though their Guild was broken by Charon, individual
Mnemoi still exist. We refuse to Castigate them, never allow
one inside our heads, and never, ever trust one. To our way of
thinking, it would be a far, far better thing that they might do
if they all fell into Oblivion's maw, than if they were to drag
hundreds of others into it with their lies.

The Third Brochure:

Outside the Lanter s Radius
— Creatures ofthe Skinland

Most of us take seriously Charon's laws regarding con-
gress with the living world and its inhabitants. We have less
temptation to stretch the interpretations of the Dictum Mor-
tuum than do other Guilds, such as the Puppeteers, Haunters
and Monitors. Nevertheless, we, too, ha
nections to the Skinlands. Like others, we fall prey to temp-
tation from time to time. This short pamphlet explains our

ve Fetters and con-


limited interactions with creatures who dwell across the
Shroud.

The Quick

Aside from keeping track of our loved ones on the other
side of the Shroud, our contact with the Quick is minimal.
Occasionally, some ambitious Psychists attempt to communi-
cate with a living individual whose knowledge might shed
some light upon the motivations of a particularly troublesome
Shadow, but that is all. While the Guild officially discourages
this practice, we do not go out of our way to prosecute or
punish this degree of commitment to a client.

Occasionally, we receive information from the Monitors
about certain individuals who, to prevent their subsumption
into the ranks of Spectres, will need immediate Castigation
upon their arrival in the Shadowlands. We keep track of these
living, and of potential recruits. Our primary concern, how-
ever, remains with the Restless.

‘
The Risen

Like wraiths, these unfortunate creatures possess Shad-
ows. Therefore, they need our help. Sometimes, only a Mas-
ter Pardoner can quell the darkness that drives a wraith to
reclaim her body; to be honest, we rarely are able to prevent
Restless from Rising. Still, whenever we can, we respond to
their cries of anguish and desperation. Since we believe that
the Risen do not truly belong in the Skinlands, we feel that
contacting them there and attempting to assist them in ac-
ceptance of their fate violates none of Charon's dictates.

Because of these special cases, we had to seek instruction
from certain Puppeteers in order to master the necessary power
to cross the Shroud through Skinriding. Oddly enough, wraiths
affiliated with the Puppeteers Guild often refuse to help us in
this worthy endeavor, and we find ourselves working with
wraiths that the Guild has cast off or abandoned. This
uncooperativeness is odd, considering how desperately most
Risen need our help, but the Puppeteers' unfortunate, unthink-
ing dislike for us (for which we can find no basis) colors all of
their dealings.

Fortunately, friendly Monitors, despite their Guild's as-
sociation with the recalcitrant Puppeteers, also showed us how
to use their Lifeweb Arcanos in locating the Conduits of these
unfortunate, driven individuals. However, finding a Risen is
only half the battle. The increased power of the Shadows of
the Walking Dead makes ministering to them among the most
dangerous ventures a Pardoner can undertake, second only to
the work of the Darksiders.

Ironically, Pardoners who interact with the Risen find
themselves in the awkward position of having to deal with
more than just an unruly Shadow. In many cases, the Psyches
of these revenants actively attempt to undermine our Casti-

gations by refusing help to curb their potent urges. Often, we
must use trickery and duplicity for them to submit to our pu-
rifications. While many of us seek some way to reconcile
Shadow and Psyche, to heal the division between the two
"selves," the state of cooperation manifested by the Risen is
decidedly not what we had in mind.

Supernaturals

Other supernatural creatures, both mortal and immortal,
dwell in the Skinlands. Most of them know of our existence,
but few of them care to use what they know. In most cases,
the feeling is mutual.

Vampires

Although we sense the imminent presence of the Shadow
in the vicinity of vampires, we hesitate to involve ourselves
with these unliving creatures. Unlike the Risen, vampires are
immune to Castigation. The best we can do is find a vampire
when death finally claims her, before her inner corruption
propels her into the ranks of Spectres. A few attempt to con-
trol us with their powers. Those vampires we avoid; their pow-
ers cannot reach us beyond the Shadowlands.

Werewolves

A few of these shapeshifters, ones who call themselves
Silent Striders, have traveled in the Shadowlands. So long as

116 Guildbook: Pardoners

they intend no harm, we leave them alone to wander their
own paths. On rare occasions, a Pardoner strikes up an ac-
quaintance with a Strider; the fruits of such partnerships can
be interesting. These "Garou" seem interested in our ability
to cleanse Shadows. If we can share knowledge that helps
their struggles against whatever great enemy threatens them,
we should feel obligated to do so

Mages

Although technically mortal, these changers of reality
occasionally visit the Shadowlands. Mages who practice
shamanic rites have long looked to us for guidance during
their rites of passage, and, when it is feasible, we oblige. They
respect us as spirit guides, and, through them, we have man-

aged to pass along some of our learning about the healing of
souls. If we can use these postulants to lessen the Shadow's
power in the Skinlands, we will do so at every opportunity. In
general, however, we stay clear of other mages — particularly
those who seem interested in gaining power over us.

Changelings

Long ago, the faeries came to us along a dreampath they
called the Bright Road. As it was part of our duty to do so, we
assisted these travelers in preparing for their next life. Some-
time during the Middle Ages, however, they stopped coming.
We thought they had left the Skinlands forever, and wept at
the loss. In their place, creatures called changelings — pseudo-


faeries, if you will — have proliferated. Some of them have
an affinity with the Shadowlands; others radiate a palpable
aura of darkness that begs for intervention. We leave them
and their devices to the Sandmen, who seem to have more in
common with them than we do.

The Fourth Brochure:

Where the Darkness Rules-
Spectres

As students of the Shadow's wiles, Pardoners have closer
contact with Oblivion and its agents than members of any
other Guild. Our knowledge gives us power, but it also leaves
us vulnerable, unless we take great care in how we use what
we learn. This short treatise covers one of the most sensitive
topics within the Guild — Spectres and their potential for
redemption.

Spectres

To most residents of the Underworld, Spectres represent
the epitome of foulness. These soldiers in Oblivion's army
pose the single greatest threat any wraith is likely to face in
the Underworld. To Pardoners, however, Spectres symbolize
something else. They are our failures. If our goal is to conquer
the forces of Oblivion, both within and without, our battle
cannot end with the war against the Shadow.

Ultimately, most of us simply battle Spectres when we
find them. Central to the Darksiders' campaign against
Oblivion is a belief in the eventual redemption of all Spec-
tres. They claim that, if we can find the shred of Psyche that
still remains within each and every one of these Oblivion-
wracked creatures, we can work at nurturing it and giving it
the strength to reclaim its Corpus. If this technique succeeds,
we can weaken Oblivion by convincing its soldiers to desert,
and also learn even more about the tricks and tactics of our
supreme enemy.

Darksiders often assist certain groups of Doomslayers,
called Martyr Knights, in their attempts to redeem captured
Spectres. We applaud these wraiths' noble and selfless efforts,
even as we watch them closely, lest their own Shadows betray
them.

Chapter Three: True Confessions



Chapter Four:
secre


I figured you'd get it sooner or later. Yeah, so I'm an alter-
native personality, That's a term we Shadows like to use, so
we don't run into so much prejudice. Hey, you think it's easy
being the Shadow of a Pardoner? We gotta be strong just to
get a word in edgewise. So, I got some buddies together (yeah,
that's you guys).and we're using the Guild's printing press while
my so-called Psyche is out to lunch. We're gonna tell you a
few of the juicier secrets these guys hide from the rest of the
Underworld. So, sit back. Relax. Get into "meditation mode"
and get ready to laugh your ass off at the mess these idiots
have made. They got four big secrets they don't want nobody
to find out about. Here's the first one:

Big Fat Lie Number One

Pardoners have more control over their Shadows than
other wraiths.

Not!

Jeez, you'd think these guys would figure things out bet-
ter. Even when they're just Apprentices they know how to
make us behave and do what they want. When we act like
good guys and offer to help them out of a bad situation, whadda
they do? They use Coax to make us behave ourselves and give
them just as much help as they need and not an eensy bit
more. They think that means we can't fool them into "harm-
ing themselves" while they use our power. Not only do they
not even say thanks, they're a real buncha suckers!

They forgot something. We get a free lunch, an Angst
appetizer, so to speak, every time they use this trick. And if
they screw up, we get to chow down all over again. The bot-
tom line: we get em coming and going. Whee!

Wanna know why they fall for this one every time? ‘Cause
they aren't the ones who're in control a lot of the time. We
got whatcha might call a unique relationship with our Psy-
ches. The deal goes like this: We let them get to know us real
well; once they do, we use that against 'em. Then they have a
lot of trouble fighting off what we think they should do
because. ..you guessed it! We know them real well too!

Ever played Pardoner? You got any idea what they really
do? They snoop out all your deepest secrets and biggest weak-
nesses. Yo, genius, you think they aren't gonna use that stuff?
Why do you think using Castigate to find out secrets (or even
to "cleanse" you of our influence) fills them with Angst? You
don't believe it? Just ask one. Walk right up and say, "Hey,
Mr. Pardoner, why would you help me out when it gains you
Angst?" Don't expect an answer, though. That's Secret Num-
ber Four. No skipping down ahead of time, bozos. Wait for it.

Now, think about it for a minute. Does Angst help out
the Psyche? No? Well, who is it good for then? (Let's have a

Guildvraiths Among Us: True Secrets o

the Partloners

little Final Jeopardy music while you think about that one-)
Bing! Time's up. You got it! Its our bread and butter. Now
why would the so-called "good guys" want to fatten us up?
Maybe they've made some deals with us. Ever think about
that one? What if that guy who's flaying your Corpus is actu-
ally some dude whose Shadow's in control of the show? Puts a
whole new light on Castigation, don't it? Oh yeah, and re-
member, it ain't the Shadow taking all that damage and pain
during a session with a Pardoner; it's you!

Psst. Gor it yet? Why would I tell you this? And why
would we let our Psyches do this to other wraiths? What bet-
ter way to bring out your Shadow than by torture? Pardoners.
Ya gotta love 'em.

The Pardoner Speaks

Ihave added commentary to this book in order to
refute the material contained within it. While some
may argue that we should destroy these works, I feel
that there may be some value to our postulants in see
ing the sorts of lengths to which Shadows will go to
discredit our calling. Obviously, they fear us.

here is the truth of the situation: These allega—
tions are outright lies. Remember who is speaking.
No one can trust a Shadow. While it is true that we
intently study our Shadows (and those of other
wraiths), we do it to understand better how to help
our fellow Restless. The trick is to know your enemy,
but not too well. Yes, we acquire Angst during the
execution of our duties, but we willingly accept this
burden in order to help wraiths in our care. Our cli-
ents don't gain Angst; they lose some. This procedure
weakens their Shadows, helping them to carry on with
a lightened soul, one that can withstand the blan~
dishments of their Shadows with greater fortitude.
Where did this abominable document come from, any~


Comments ftom the Peanut Gallety

Ulell, if you an add stuff to the main ai
$0 Qn |. Bet me and gitls, it looks like my So-
Qalled better half urnts to play rough. Okay,
tough guy. Take your best shot. But fi
shaddup a Sit down. It's my tufn.

Enormously Fat Lie Number Two

The Pardoners are apolitical. They don't have any ties
beyond their Hierarchy clients.

Like we're supposed to believe this?

Let me get this straight. The Pardoners ain't got any ties
to the Heretics, even though they worked with these folks for
centuries? The Pardoners have been whining about "clean-
ing up souls so they could travel on to the Far Shores" for
longer than most people have been dead, and the Far Shores
belong to the Heretics (who used to be called the Shining
Ones, back when they kissed Charon's ass).

Now, correct me if I'm wrong here, but the way to power
in the Underworld is to control a buttload of souls. That's
why the Deathlords grab every one they can get their hands
on. Keep following. This all comes together in a minute.

The Pardoners helped the Heretics grab whole boatloads
of souls, and nobody thinks they got paid for it? How 'bout all
those "future considerations" everybody always talks about?
Bet they've really got the Heretics by the halo. They must
think we're really stupid if they think we believe they have
no contact with the God squad.

Speaking of the Renegades, which we weren't, but who
cares? Guess who hangs with the outlaw brigade? Bingo! Oh,
they say they're sendin' missionaries just to perform Castiga-
tions for them, but is that all they're up to?

Ready for the final quiz? Otay, Buckwheat, listen up. If
you were gonna overthrow Stygia (see Secret Number Four,
but not yet) and needed a buncha cannon fodder, who would
you get to do your dirty work? Just how many Heretics and
Renegades have these guys hypnotized using Castigate, any-
way? Spooky, ain't it?

The Pardoner Speaks

Oh, first our Shadows were the ones in control,
and now, we're the great conspirators of the Under-
world? This is extremely exasperating! Of course we
don't cut our ties with these troubled wraiths! We
minister to all who need us, and they need us more
than most. Would anyone really want to face either
the heretics or the Renegades if they were allowed to
become Shadow~eaten?

Some of our members fled to these groups after
the breaking of the Guilds. Though the groups in ques~
tion may believe that our brethren's first loyalties now
lie with them, most of these Dardoners have retained
their loyalty to the Guild. Such Dardoners can often
do far more as trusted members of the heretic or Ren~

¢ faction they espouse than all our Missionaries
combined. Why should we disavow our own people?
Even the most fanatical Legionnaire knows that what
we do is for the good of Stygia. By interacting with
Stygia's enemies, we learn more about them and have
the chance to bring them around to our point of view.
That doesn't mean we control them — or plan to use
them to take over the Underworld. What rubbish!

Comments ffom the Peanut Gallety

Nyah! Ulhat's the matte? You ‘te the a
ones tie Te always making evefyone else tell
you theit ditty sectets. Now the plasm-shoe's
on the other foot. Nanna manna boo boo!
Eveybody's looking at you! Hey, Patdoner,
fy > didn't like that She you ‘Te gonna hate
ie $ Comin' up!

Unbelievably Fat Lie Number Three

The Pardoners say they always supported Charon, help-
ing him through "numerous depressions." They claim it


was their help that allowed Charon to defeat Gorool by
"cleansing" him before he went out to fight.

What a crock! Yeah, they "helped" him all right. Get
this. The Pardoners are the ones who flushed Charon straight
down the cosmic Tidy-bowl. Yep. You got the straight dope.
See, this one Pardoner named Sister Excessive or something,
who was probably senile, decided she could rip Charon's
Shadow right out of him and kick it in the nuts. I think it was
some crap about women's rights. Anyhow, the damned thing
zoomed out the window, jumped into the Labyrinth and
learned a few new tricks. Then it spewed itself back up and
started eating Stygia.

Well, the best the Pardoners could suggest was for Charon
to go sew it back on (kinda like Wendy does with Peter Pan's
shadow), only Charon got the needle instead. Boom. One
emperor, down the hole. Oops. Guess that Ancient Arcanos
sorta backfired on the old soul-shrifters. So, what did they do
next? Elected the crazy broad who caused the whole thing as
their next Guildmaster! Whadda crew! And they say we're
dangerous.

The Pardoner Speaks

I begin to regret my decision to let this cretin rave
in such a fashion. Nonetheless, I suppose I should thank
him for introducing this controversial subject. Sooner
or later, you were bound to encounter this vicious lie.
It falls to me to recount the true story.

It is true that, in his final days, Charon grew in
creasingly unstable. Sister Acceptance had to attend
to him almost constantly, and she worked desperately
to bring Charon's Shadow under control. his long ex—
istence had become wearisome to him, and the de~
mands placed on him as leader of the hierarchy were
more than any single soul should have been asked to
bear. he had seen the defection of his closest friends,
raised a city only to have it destroyed, labored to re~
build that city and had his greatest hopes crushed by
the betrayal of the Shining Ones. Charon had used
every means to hold back the tide of Oblivion, even
when the cries of enthralled Restless tore at his very
essence, and, still, everywhere around him was evi-
dence of his failures. Though Charon ruled a vast em~
pire, he was unable even to travel the Shadowlands.
Little wonder, then, that he had become embittered.

While any wraith's fall to his Shadow is a terrible
thing, imagine the effect upon the Underworld should

our greatest leader, the most powerful wraith in the
Western world, succumb to the darkness within.
Charon lost to Oblivion was unthinkable; Charon as a
Spectre was a terror too horrible to contemplate.

Despite the crisis, the Deathlords were too busy
tending to their own fortunes, and both the war and
the newly created Shoah Necropoli distracted the
Legions. We were the only ones available to help
Charon. however, our straits were dire. Normal Cas~
tigation would no longer work to quell Charon's
Shadow; it had grown strong over the millennia. Des~
perate measures needed to be invoked.

One of our closely held Guild secrets was our abil~
ity to call out a Shadow from within a wraith, in or—
der to purify it more completely. The process was
fraught with peril, though. Bitter experience had
shown that extracting the entire Shadow caused the
wraith to vanish, most likely sent screaming to a fatal
harrowing. On the other hand, in cases where too little
of the Shadow had been extracted, the treated wraith
had suffered accelerated Shadow growth in later days.
On that fateful night, we had successfully treated an
extracted Shadow only three times, and in all of those
cases, we had been dealing with new Lemures and
not with a Shadow as potent as Charon's. The risk
was tremendous, and, although Sister Acceptance
hated to utilize that power on Charon, both she and
Charon felt she had no choice.

Usually, in such a delicate Castigation, the wraith
whose Shadow is extracted falls into a sort of reverie.
Were he alive, it would be likened to a coma. But
Charon was different, as he had always been different
from the rest of us. he remained awake and appar
ently aware. The circle of Dardoners began their Cas~
tigation of Charon's Shadow, as strong in its darkness
as Charon himself was in the light. Suddenly, the
Shadow turned upon Charon as if it were truly a sepa~
rate being. A great struggle ensued in which the Dar—
doners fought for control. Three of the four Dardoners
present were destroyed as Charon battled his darker
self, which called forth powers born in the Labyrinth.

In desperation, Sister Acceptance called upon her
ability to banish Spectres. She hoped, thereby, to sepa
rate the Shadow from Charon long enough to gain con—
trol over it. To the horror of both, Charon felt a blind—


ing pain as his Shadow ripped itself free of his Corpus
and fled. Surprisingly, Charon was not destroyed, but
he could only watch, dazed, as his rampant Shadow
flung itself over the sill and off the side of the Onyx
Tower. Sister Acceptance chased the fugitive Shadow,
but it had too much of a lead. In failure, she returned
to Charon.

he seemed fine. Better, in fact, than he had been
in several centuries. Weaker, of course, as all wraiths
are after a particularly strenuous Castigation, but more
in control, calmer and almost mystically focused, as he
had been in the beginning times. Sister Acceptance
looked for the stains of the Shadow upon him and saw
only the smallest dusting of gray. her impression was
that Charon was ready to Transcend. She stayed with
him to observe his reactions and to be with him at the
end, if he was indeed ready to go on to his final re~
ward. But his great love for Stygia bound him to this
place too tightly; he could not Transcend and abandon
those souls who had placed their trust in him.

It wasn't something we planned. It wasn't some~
thing we botched. If you knew Sister Acceptance, you
would understand that she would never have inten—
tionally hurt Charon. It was simply an accident, noth—
ing more. We had no choice. had we done nothing,
Charon might well have been reborn as a Spectre of
unbelievable strength. We took the only course open to
us, and it was not enough. None of us could have fore
seen that our attempts to heal him would result in his
lighter and darker halves separating. Gven had we
consulted the Oracles and learned we would fail, we
would have had to attempt the Castigation anyway,
in hopes that the Lady of Fate might intervene to save
her chosen one.

Aind so, we stood by Charon, as we ever had.
Without his Shadow's return, he seemed to weaken
as time passed. Once, he cried out as if in great pain,
but we could see no cause for it.

Gorool rose from the depths of the Labyrinth. Both
Charon and Sister Acceptance recognized Charon's
Shadow as the animating force within the monstros~
ity. here was the true reason for Charon's decision to
sail forth alone. Though Sister Acceptance offered to
go with Charon, in the end he chose to face his Shadow
as he had through the centuries, in order to save his

beloved city. he laid aside his mask that all might see
his true face one last time and sailed out to his final
battle.

We pray that, when Charon dragged Gorool down
into the depths with him and saved Stygia through
his last act of selflessness, he Transcended. Indeed,
such a hope has sustained Sister Acceptance ever since.
Now, we hear that Charon has been seen in the Laby-
rinth. We do not know whether this story is truth or
some Spectral trick, yet we cannot dismiss it out~
right. If Charon still exists, we must find him. Only
then can we know whether we stand condemned for
his near—destruction or hailed as the heroes who saved
Charon (and Stygia) from the great lord's darkest
impulses. May he remember us with kindness.

Comments fiom the Peart Galley

Blah, blah, blak. Llhat a bote. Does this
guy think anyone is intetested? Zzzzz.

Amatingly Humongous Lie Number Four

The Pardoners support the Hierarchy; they want only
what is best for Stygia and the Underworld. They have no
"political agenda." (see also Enormously Fat Lie Number
Two)

Ha! And I have this bridge to the Iron Hills that's for
sale...

Hey, you didn't think they'd stop with causing most of
Stygia's current problems by killing Charon, did ya? Nooo....
Now, they plan to take over. How, you ask? Well, they've got
this secret machine hidden away under the Guildhouse, way
down in the deep, spooky part, where most people don't go.
This thing (Nhudri alone knows where they got it from; they
must have bribed the Artificers big time) is an Angst Battery.
Hey, don't blame me; I didn't name it.

Don't ask me how it works, either; I ain't no engineer.
But what I heard is, they plan to flood whole nests of Spectres
with Angst, overloading them like they're month-to-month
tenants in a roach motel. They say that'll destroy the Spec-
tres and send ‘em all screaming down into Oblivion where
they belong. Once the Spectres are all gone, there won't be
any more agents of Oblivion running around. No more riding

Maelstroms into town, whooping it up like crazy cowboys af-
ter six months on the trail. No more crunching up innocent
wraiths in Harrowings. No more Skinriding mortals and caus-
ing trouble that'll screw up the Underworld ("Oops, sorry,
Mr. President, I just pushed that big red button marked ‘world
annihilation.' Guess this is goodbye." Sounds kinda cool, huh?
(Oh, sorry, you guys, nothin' personal.)

Maybe. But what happens when they turn their machine
on anybody they don't like? What about wraiths with strong
Shadows; are they gonna fry those guys, too? What's to keep
them from wipin' us all out in the name of "cleansing?" Or do
you think they might just waste the guys they don't like and
make slaves outta the rest of us? Who could stand against
‘em? If we didn't just bow down to their demands,
FFFZZZAAAAPPP! Yeah, I definitely wanna haveta depend
on the nutso bunch that gave Charon a terminal swirlie.

And come to think of it, wasn't it pretty convenient that
he popped off like that? I mean, they've had just enough time
to polish up their machine while everybody got sick and tired
of the Deathlords and just might support the Pardoners in a
takeover. Gotta give 'em credit. They're either the sneakiest
bastards in the history of Stygia or the luckiest bunch of
screwups I've ever seen. You still wanna know how the damn
thing works, huh? Okay. I'll take a shot at it, but remember I
ain't no expert. Just your friendly neighborhood "alternate
personality" tryin' to get along as best I can.

Guess they haven't told ya the difference between Guild
and non-Guild Pardoners, huh? You know how the Guild
teaches Castigation to folks who aren't gonna join? And
sheesh, ain't that smart if they wanna recruit new members
("Let's teach 'em our secret Arcanos, honey, then we can of-
fer them so much more to join —a lantern and a name change,
and these neat black robes...").

Well, the deal is this: They teach a different form of Cas-
tigate to non-Guilders. It's the type they first teach you, too.
You know how you get that tiny little bit of Angst from using
some of your arts? Well, if you get to Journeyman level, they
teach you a new kind of Castigate. It's just like the first kind,
only you get a lot more Angst using it. You not only get your
own, but you also leech the Angst out of whoever you're work-
ing on. It's kinda like you steal it from 'em. (Way to go!)

Now, here's the weird part. You get your own Angst and
theirs as well, but it doesn't go where your own Angst goes.
Instead, you sorta hold it to one side (kinda like birds hold
food in their stomachs 'til they can throw it up to feed their
babies). When you get back to the Chapter House, you heave
up the extra Angst (and as much of your own as you can get
out) into some kind of bucket. It sounds to me sorta like those
containment units in Ghostbusters, but whadda I know? That's
what they call irony, huh?

Anyway, about once a month, some poor schmuck gets
stuck on garbage detail. That means, he bags up the Angst,

takes it down to Stygia and shoves it into the main machine,
the Angst Battery. Naturally, traveling through the Tempest
with all that Angst smelling up the joint gets every Spectre
there all hot to trot for our errand boy. So, whoever trans-
ports the barf-bag has to run for his life. Unlife. Whatever. I
ain't heard that any of the couriers have been caught yet, but
just think about the yummy feast Oblivion's Funboys would
have if they did catch him. Not dangerous to any of the rest
of you, no...

And if that don't make you nervous, think about this
one. How long have these whackos been storing up Angst in
this battery thing without ever bleeding off any of the juice?
Forget about what happens if it ever springs a leak; whadda ya
do if it ever explodes? Fer BLOOOEEEYYY! Angst barf all
over Stygia! Bet the whole damn city explodes. Cool! Maybe
even the whole Underworld, if we're lucky.

And let's not even talk about the Angst junkies in the
Guild. They gobble up all that Angst, but somehow, they don't
make it back to the Chapter House with it. Instead, they go
nuts, lettin' their Shadows go bonkers. Call me crazy, but I
really like those guys! At least they're honest about what they
want. A few destroy their Fetters or let their Dark Passions
take over. Then they get to go be Harrowed, where they can
really load up on Angst.

Spectre nests are just bursting with former Pardoners.
They're some of the best agents of the Big O, since they know
what scares everybody. Some folks even claim there are Spec-
tres in the Guild itself. Well, duh!

1. They dig out everyone's secrets.

2. They're hoarding Angst.

3. They destroyed Charon.

4, What are they planning to do tonight, Brain?

I dunno. Sound like Spectres to you?

The Pardoner Speaks

This has gone far enough! You will be informed
when you need to know such things. For now, simply
accept that what is written here is a lic. As for you,
my Shadow, I cast you out, foulness. I forbid you to
speak. By all that is of the light, I condemn you to the
outer darkness. My strength compels you. My mind
commands you. Get thee hence or I shall



again.
— Erasmus

A Question of Ethics

Ithough most Pardoners seem unaware of
it, their calling makes many Restless ner-
vous. Naturally, no wraith likes to be re-
minded how fragile her hold on herself
might be. Pardoners, by the very nature
of what they do, elicit thoughts about
Shadow takeovers, Spectral temptations,
Harrowings and Oblivion. Ironically, no wraith in her right
) mind dares speak her true feelings concerning the Pardoners'
vocation to the Pardoners she meets. She needs them too
badly, for those Restless who call out her greatest fears are
also the only ones capable of cleansing her soul of her Shadow's
taint, thus holding Oblivion at bay.

Eventually, most Restless manage to overcome their fears
enough to allow themselves to be Castigated, and they form
bonds of trust with one or two Castigators. Other Pardoners,
though seen as necessary (and sometimes even as saviors) are,

'Tis an easier matter to raise the devil than to lay him to rest

paradoxically, still regarded with some suspicion — though
this suspicion is never even whispered where a Pardoner might
hear.

The most common fears expressed by other wraiths are
given below:

a
[raining

While it is general knowledge that Master-level Pardon-
ers Castigate the Deathlords and other high ranking officials
of the Hierarchy, many wraiths fear that their own Castiga-
tions are being handled by half-trained, fumble-fingered neo-
phytes. Just as some Skinlanders refuse to entrust their health
to young doctors, some of the Restless Dead will not patron-
ize a Pardoner unless she appears to be old and speaks at least
one dead language. Such trepidatious wraiths have no under-
standing of the fact that all Pardoners undergo rigorous train-
ing before being allowed to practice. Even Journeyman-level

Pardoners are usually more than capable of handling most
Shadows.

AR - Ss ee ALLA
‘ ‘
Revelations and Blackmail

One of the most frightening and potentially humiliating
acts a person ever performs is to trust someone else with her
innermost secrets. Fears, weaknesses, dark desires — all are
made known to any Pardoner worth the title during a Casti-
gation. In effect, the wraith strips naked, then waits to see if
she is contacted by a blackmailer using the secret photographs
taken by the Pardoner.

All Guild Pardoners let each client know that they have
taken an oath not to reveal to anyone else anything they learn
during a Castigation session. The Guild thus tries to ensure
that a wraith undergoing Castigation receives treatment from
practitioners whom the Guild has trained, rather than ones
who have no controls or sanctions held over them. Memories
of the broken trust of the Mnemoi remain strong among the
Pardoners.

Despite self-policing and constant reassurances, however,
the Pardoners are always vulnerable to these suspicions. Per-
haps they always will be.

Blacklsting

Every wraith needs a Pardoner, at least once in a while.
After all, who doesn't need help fighting off their own Shadow?
However, the sheer indispensability of the Pardoners leaves
certain paranoid wraiths wondering: What happens if you
annoy a Pardoner? Are you subsequently blacklisted? How
long will the soul-shrivers allow you to twist in the wind?

Understandably, many Pardoners are insulted by the no-
tion that they would be so petty as to withhold Castigation
for personal reasons. Every soul is important, they say, and
besides, Pardoner training teaches new Freewraiths how to
separate their personal feelings for their clients from their
professional duties.

Does that fact stop any of the whispers? Of course not.

Ancient Castigation Arts

» Mask Castigation

One of the Pardoners' best kept secrets, this art allows
the Castigator to look behind a wraith's mask or Moliated
form to discern who or what is really before her. Many wraiths
prefer to keep their true identities cloaked when they seek
Castigation. The Pardoner who uses this art can bypass most
attempts at disguise. The Guild sanctions its use in the belief
that knowing more about the client's Psyche allows members
a greater chance of successfully cleansing his Shadow.

128 Guildbook: Pardoners

System: The wraith rolls Perception + Castigate (diffi-
culty varies according to the expertise of the disguise, as de-
termined by the Storyteller). One or two successes allow the
Pardoner to discern whether or not a wraith is Moliated or
wearing a false face. Three or four successes enable the Par-
doner to see the target's true visage. Five successes let the
Pardoner establish a wraith's identity, as well as some hint of
her profession (e.g., Legionnaire, Artificer, Puppeteer). A
botch indicates that the Pardoner telegraphs her intent to
her target, and thus, suffers whatever consequences follow.
Spectacular botches result in 1 point of temporary Angst for
every 1 rolled above the first, because the Pardoner has looked
too deeply into her target's Psyche. This art costs 1 Pathos to
use, and gives the user 1 point of temporary Angst.

Transfer Angst

This art is available only to oath-bound members of the
Pardoners Guild. It allows the Pardoner to take the Angst she
removes from a Supplicant and transfer it to herself, tempo-
rarily holding it in check (unavailable to her Shadow) until
she can deposit it into an appropriate storage unit. The same
art enables the Pardoner to effect a second transfer of the
stored Angst, from herself into the intended storage recep-
tacle.

System: After using Purify to cleanse a wraith's Shadow,
the Pardoner rolls Wits + Castigate (difficulty 8). For each
success, the Pardoner may hold in reserve 1 point of Angst
removed from her original target. This effect lasts for up to 12
hours; otherwise, the Angst is absorbed by the Pardoner's own,
Shadow. Once she reaches a site where she can unload the
Angst, the Pardoner must again use Transfer Angst to rid her-
self of the excess baggage by dumping it into a storage unit. A
botch on this roll immediately gifts the Shadow with the Angst
intended for transfer.

Use of this art to store collected Angst gives the user 1
point of temporary Angst, which cannot be stored. Transfer-
ring Angst from the user to the storage unit costs nothing.

+ Mass Chastisement

Pardoners with the Legions have long used this art to
"bless" and absolve troops before battle, as a way of making it
more difficult for Legionnaires' Shadows to gain the upper
hand during critical combat situations. Although the Pardon-
ers Guild still teaches it to their members, only those
Darksiders and Pardoners intent on working with the combat
troops of the Legions take the time to learn it, due to the
excessive toll it takes on the user.

System: The Pardoner must invoke this art before using
Purify on a group of wraiths. Each success on a Charisma +
Castigate roll (difficulty 7) allows the Pardoner to include
one additional wraith in her attempt to Purify. (For example,

two successes enables a Pardoner to Purify three wraiths with
asingle attempt). A simple failure indicates that the Pardoner
is unable to effect a Mass Chastisement at the current time.
A botch prevents her from further attempts at simple Casti-
gation (Purify) for the remainder of the scene. If the roll suc-
ceeds, the Storyteller proceeds according to the guidelines
for Purify given in Wraith: the Oblivion.

Use of this art costs 1 Pathos per wraith affected, as well
as 2 points of Temporary Willpower. It also gives the user 1
Temporary Angst for each wraith involved.

ww Shadow Screen

This odd use of Castigate enables a Pardoner to hide cer-
tain thoughts and memories from her own Shadow (and, to
some extent, from Spectres during Harrowings). When
Shadow Screen is utilized, certain thoughts and memories
(which must be determined before the art is used) are no longer
accessible to the wraith's Shadow. The Shadow knows that
something's being kept from it, but it has no idea what that
something might be.

This art has the side effect of making Screened memories
and thoughts hazy to the Psyche as well. Memories targeted
by this art become dim and half-recalled. Because neither the
Psyche nor the Shadow consciously thinks about these memo-
ties, they are very difficult for the Shadow to access during
Harrowings, as well.

System: The Pardoner must utilize this art immediately
after Castigating someone, in order for it to be effective in
blocking specific memories acquired during the Castigation.
Any success on a Manipulation + Meditation roll (difficulty
6) allows the Pardoner to screen her thoughts. Extra successes
make it harder for the Shadow to break through and notice
these thoughts.

A failed attempt merely means that the Pardoner has not
succeeded in hiding those particular thoughts; a botch makes
the ideas the Pardoner is trying to keep secret blazingly obvi-
ous to her Shadow, who may immediately attempt to initiate
Catharsis — even if the Shadow's Angst does not exceed the
Psyche's Willpower. Use of this art costs 2 Pathos, whether it
is successful or not, and also gives the Shadow 2 Temporary
Angst. A botch results in the Pardoner's gaining | additional
temporary Angst for each | rolled.

If there is great need for the Pardoner to remember these
hidden details, this art can be reversed for double its normal
cost. However, this action is likely to let the Shadow in on
those messy details as well.

wwe Shadow Summons

This use of Castigate enables a Pardoner to call forth
another wraith's Shadow for a brief time. While the Shadow

remains out of Corpus, the wraith falls into a state that re-
sembles Slumber. The summoned Shadow appears as a nega-
tive image of the wraith, connected to the Psyche's Corpus by
a thin thread of darkness. The marks of Oblivion show up in
greater detail on this Shadow-form, which makes it much
easier for a Pardoner to "read" the Shadow's strength. In the
past, this art made it possible for a Pardoner to examine the |
Shadow more closely and also to achieve a greater effect in
attempts to Castigate it. Since the disappearance of Charon,
both the use and the teaching of this art have fallen out of
favor.

System: The Storyteller secretly rolls the Pardoner's
Charisma + Castigate (difficulty equal to the Shadow's Per-
manent Angst rating). A single success is enough to wrench
the target's Shadow out of her Corpus for one turn. Each ad-
ditional success adds another turn to the length of time the
Shadow remains separated from its Psyche. The target must
be willing to have her Shadow drawn forth from her, since
any conscious resistance to Shadow Summons will only in-
crease the Shadow's Angst rating.

A botch on Shadow Summons severs the connection
between Psyche and Shadow, which has an extremely delete-
rious effect on a wraith. Should this catastrophe occur, the
targeted wraith must roll against each of her Passions (diffi-
culty 6) every hour. If she should ever roll against all of her
Passions and not achieve a single success, she immediately
vanishes from the Shadowlands, with none of the display usu-
ally observable during Transcendence. The wraith's Psyche
and Shadow can be recombined by being brought into physi-
cal contact with each other. At this point, the Shadow rolls
Permanent Angst against the Psyche's Permanent Willpower {
(difficulty 6); if the Psyche gets more successes, the two are
reintegrated. If not, the two remain separated.

Use of this art costs 5 Pathos and 2 Willpower, and it ¥}
gives the Pardoner 2 points of Temporary Angst. x

wo Shadow Wrack

Developed by the Darksiders and used by the most skilled
and trustworthy Pardoners only, this art allows direct Casti-
gation of Spectres. It reduces their Angst and strengthens the
sliver of Psyche that still remains within them. Shadow Wrack
forms the basis for the theory of Spectre redemption, and con-_
stant research is done to "improve" this power, in hopes of
producing a safe, practical method of redemption.

The actual procedure is an exhausting one and requires a
Pardoner to maintain absolute control over her own Shadow
during the entirety of the process. In addition, the Spectre
must be subdued or restrained in some fashion to ensure that
it does not attack the user of the art during the process. The
danger is, in fact, so great that Shadow Wrack remains a
seldom-practiced form of Castigation. Not only is it difficult
to capture and hold Spectres long enough for a Pardoner to

Chapter Five: The Art of Castigation 129


attempt Shadow Wrack properly (most Spectres prefer sui-
cide), but the risks of failure simply are not worth it.

System: An advanced form of Purify, Shadow Wrack re-
quires that the Pardoner engage in an extended struggle with
the target Spectre. The Pardoner rolls Charisma + Castigate
(difficulty equals the Spectre's Being). Each success reduces
the Spectre's Angst by | and provides the target's Psyche with
1 point of Composure. Complete redemption of the Spectre
can be reached only when the Spectre's Psyche gains a Per-
manent Composure of 10, thus allowing the Psyche to take
more. Needless to say, this result requires an
exceptional number of rolls, and dictates that multiple ses-
sions be spent in attempts to redeem the Spectre. Few wraiths
have the Pathos resources to carry a redemption through from
beginning to end without resting and recharging, as the Art
costs 4 Pathos and 1 Willpower per attempt, and gives the
Pardoner 1 Angst per attempt, as well.

During the period in which the Pardoner battles the Spec-
tre, the Pardoner must remain totally focused on her target
and, thus, is vulnerable to attacks from her own Shadow or
from any Spectres who may be lurking nearby. A botch dur-
ing any one of the extended rolls immediately throws the
Pardoner into a Harrowing, with the Pardoner's highest-rated
Passion as the quarry.

New Castigation Arts

* Attunement

This new art allows a Pardoner to "tag" certain Shadows
and make them more receptive to future Castigation attempts.
Made popular by the advent of behavioral modification
therapy, Attunement works best with wraiths who visit the
same Pardoner regularly. Once a Pardoner attunes herself to a
particular Shadow, her attempts to Castigate that Shadow are
more likely to succeed. The Attunement eventually wears off,
unless it is renewed periodically, and it does not affect Casti-
gation attempts by a Pardoner other than the one responsible
for the Attunement.

System: The Pardoner rolls Perception + Castigate (dif-
ficulty equals the target's Willpower). A success reduces the
difficulty of Castigating the affected Shadow by 1 until the
Attunement wears off; the number of successes dictates the
length (in weeks) of the effect. A botch means that the Par-
doner cannot identify the Shadow well enough to place a tag
on it, and that he must study it further before attempting an-
other Attunement roll.

This art costs | point of Pathos. Botching an Attunement
roll feeds the targeted Shadow 2 Angst.

control once

~ Storm Quell

This art lets a Pardoner call upon his own Shadow to
help him oppose the Spectres ravening within a Maelstrom.
Unlike Coax, in which a Pardoner responds to his Shadow's
initiative, a Pardoner using Storm Quell may compel his
Shadow to assist him with whatever powers it possesses.

System: The Pardoner rolls Charisma + Castigate (diffi-
culty 7). One success enables the Pardoner to force his Shadow
to provide him with Shadow Dice or any of its Thorns, which
can then be used against the armies of the Maelstrom, but
only once. Additional successes increase the number of times
the Pardoner may so compel his Shadow. The Pardoner may
use this art as many times in succession as he has Pathos to
spend. Use of this art costs 2 Pathos, and gives the coerced
Shadow 1 point of Temporary Angst.

Botching a Storm Quell roll attracts the attention of all
the Spectres in the vicinity, who swoop to attack the Par-
doner. These attacks will not be broken off until either the
Pardoner is destroyed or the attacking Spectres are.

Merits and Flaws

he Pardoners' special knowledge of the
| Shadow's wiles and ruses and their under-
{| standing of each wraith's inner darkness
}| give many of them an edge in their battle
| against Oblivion. Unfortunately, there are
also potential drawbacks in knowing the
enemy too well. While other wraiths may,
with the Storyteller's permission, benefit or suffer from these
special characteristics, they work best with Pardoner charac-
ters or in conjunction with the Castigation Arcanos.

Beginning characters may take up to 7 points of Flaws to
increase their freebie points. Alternatively, up to 7 points of
Merits may be purchased with freebie points. The guidelines
in the Wraith Players Guide provide additional information
on the choice and use of Merits and Flaws.

Storm Warning (| point Merit)

You have an early warning system that alerts you to the
imminent presence of either Spectres or Maelstroms. Storm
Warning is similar to the Merit: Danger Sense, but is specific
to creatures of the Labyrinth. It does not alert you to attacks
by Legionnaires, Renegades or other wraiths — even ones
under the influence of their Shadows.

You must state that you are activating this "sixth sense"
in order to use it. Storm Warning doesn't pinpoint the loca-
tion or nearness of the danger from Oblivion, but it does give


you an approximation of how soon the attack will come and
the relative strength of the attackers. Once activated, the ef-
fects of this Merit last for approximately thirty minutes. Over-
use of Storm Warning (such as utilizing it more than once or
twice per session) can lead to its malfunctioning at a critical
moment. ("Uh, no Bob, I don't sense any Spectres around

here. Bob? Bob?")

Purity 4 point Merit

You have great spiritual purity, which allows you to uti-
lize your higher consciousness to fight off the ravages of
Oblivion. With this merit, you begin the game with 2 points
in Eidolon. Furthermore, this Merit reduces the difficulty of
all Purify (Castigate ¢¢®) rolls by 1.

Prejudicial Castigation (2 point Flaw)

There is a particular group of wraiths you will not Casti-
gate. Perhaps you dislike their politics, or their looks, or maybe
they just plain scare you. Whatever the reason, you never
accept jobs cleansing their Shadows. If forced to do so, the
difficulty of all Castigation rolls goes up by 2.

Possible targets for this sort of bias include: Members of
certain Guilds, Members of specific Legions, Heretics, Ren-
egades, Legionnaires, men, women, etc.

‘ < ‘
Repulsive Technique (2 point Flaw)

The method you use in your Castigations is truly beyond
the pale. Worse than mere torture, what you inflict upon the
wraiths who come to you for Castigation makes even other
Pardoners sick. Other Guild members tend to watch out when
you are Castigating folks (just to make sure things don't get
out of hand, you see), and they may even attempt to inter-
vene if you go too far. Social interaction rolls with any Rest-
less who knows of your reputation are at a +2 difficulty.

Sympathizer (3 point Flaw)

You sympathize with the Shadow-eaten and understand
that you are as potentially corruptible as they. Try to protect
Spectres from being destroyed, for you believe they can be
redeemed, given enough time and attention. This attitude
doesn't make you popular with most of Stygian society (in-
cluding a few people within your own Guild). Your social rolls
for interaction in Guild affairs are at a +2 difficulty.

acts;
e Pardoner' Arsenal

instruments of Chastisement
(Common, Level Two)

A long-standing arrangement with the Artificers Guild
supplies Scourges with these implements used in Castigation.
Whips, flails and truncheons are the most popular Instruments,
but other types are available.

System: Use of these weapons lowers by 1 the difficulty
of any roll for the arts related to Castigation.

iron Lantern (Rare, Level Three

This lidded lantern, which looks very similar to the trade-
mark lantern of every Pardoner recognized by the Guild, cre-
ates a 20-foot circle of light in which the Pardoner may work
with reasonable assurance of safety. Although the Iron Lan-
tern is always carried on the Pardoner's person or hung out-
side her place of work, it is typically activated only when a
Pardoner has reason to believe that she needs additional pro-
tection during a Castigation.

System: Opening the lid of the Iron Lantern exposes the
light inside. The circle of light emanating from the open lan-
tern duplicates the effect of Housecleaning (Castigation
eeee). The lantern's light is powered by the Pardoner's Pa-
thos. Each point of Pathos the Pardoner spends provides one
half-hour's worth of illumination. The Pardoner must spend
a permanent point of Willpower to attune the lantern to her-
self. Until the lantern is attuned, it may not be used.

Soul Lantern (Luxury, Level Thee)

Called a "lantern" to disguise its true purpose, this arti-
fact resembles its namesake in size and shape only. Soul Lan-
terns reside in secure rooms within each Chapter House of
the Pardoners Guild. Usually, as a safety precaution, no more
than one of these objects can be found in any single location.
Soul Lanterns act as containment units for Angst collected
by Pardoners during their Castigations. Periodically, a trusted
Pardoner bears a Soul Lantern to the main Chapter House in
Stygia, where its contents are emptied into the Angst Battery
(see below).

132 Guildbook: Pardoners

System: Each Soul Lantern can hold up to 100 points of
Temporary Angst. Once it has reached this limit, any attempts
to use Transfer Angst to pour more Angst into the Lantern
simply result in the expulsion of Angst into the surrounding
vicinity. A Pardoner must place her fingers on the Soul Lan-
tern while she transfers her collected Angst into another ves-
sel. Otherwise, the transfer fails.

Breaking the Lantern releases all of its contained Angst
into the immediate vicinity, and the Shadows of wraiths
caught in the blast will absorb as much of the floating Angst
as they can. So, if a full Lantern explodes when there are two
wraiths nearby, each wraith's Shadow sucks down 50 points
of Temporary Angst (which then gets converted into 5 points
of Permanent Angst, which makes things very interesting).

Angst Batery (Singular, Level Five)

This massive containment vessel resides in the lowest
chamber of the Pardoners' main Chapter House in Stygia.
Observers have commented that it resembles nothing so much
as an enormous iron lung. The purpose of the battery is simple:
It stores Angst transferred to it from Soul Lanterns. Lord
Nhudri himself created the Angst Battery for the Pardoners
before the breaking of the Guilds (though it is doubtful that
even he guessed its true purpose). Conceived by a brilliant
Pardoner called Brother Generous, the great storage vessel
was intended to remove excess Angst from the Underworld
and eventually reshape the stuff, through the art of Castigate,
into Pathos. In essence, his plan was to take "pollution" and
recycle it as abundant energy. Unfortunately, Spectres took
Generous before he discovered the exact art that would ef-
fect that change.

His successors in the Guild have posited that the battery
might be usable as a weapon. Their theory is that even Spec-
tres might find an abrupt overload of Angst deadly. Told that
the device possesses "almost infinite" capacity to store Angst,
the Guild has brought Soul Lanterns to the Angst Battery
and emptied them into it for centuries.

Nobody's fools, the Pardoners realize that they are po-
tentially sitting on enough Angst to blast apart most of Stygia
should the battery ever overload or rupture. This possibility is
why they struck an extremely expensive bargain to acquire
an unusually large portable Nihil, which they stored under
their main Chapter House, right next to the battery. A cadre
of specially trained Pardoners watches the battery. Guard duty
lasts only a few hours for each group, so they will remain vigi-
lant. If the battery shows signs of weakness or disruption, these
Guildwraiths are charged with sounding an alarm, unleash-
ing the Nihil and dropping the battery into the Tempest.

Despite these precautions, there is a serious problem with
the battery. The "almost infinite" containment unit recently


began showing signs of reaching its storage capacity. Leaders _ nuclear engineers into their ranks, in hopes that these highly
of the Guild are concerned, for an examination of the battery _ trained experts can repair the damaged machine or purge it.
also revealed clear evidence that someone had tampered with
it. The battery had not reached its natural capacity. Rather,

its storage space had been sharply reduced by sabotage.

They are also focusing their scrutiny upon their own Guild

members and wondering who the traitor is.

Some of the more pessimistic Masters now whisper
that the battery was not invented by Generous, but by
his Shadow. Others claim that a Doppelganger took
the brilliant Pardoner's place and fooled the Guild
into accepting the means of its ultimate destruc-

No one is quite sure of what may happen when the
battery finally breaks down, but there are plenty of
theories. Whether it might simply expel its excess
Angst in the same fashion as the Soul Lanterns or
explode catastrophically is anybody's guess. In the

tion into their midst. Some of these Restless point
to the fallacy in the initial design and ask the
question no one thought to ask before: How

meantime, the teams on watch have been

doubled, while Pardoner researchers have dedi-
cated themselves to discovering a method of
either successfully bleeding off some of the
Angst from the battery or of finally discov-
ering how to convert the Angst into usable
Pathos.

The Pardoners' upper echelon tries to keep
this problem very quiet, to avoid a panic and to
keep the Guild's secret. To help them deal with the
battery, the Pardoners now enlist scientists and

cana machine made from soulforged wraiths
and metal from the Labyrinth not react,
somehow, to the pressure of holding so
much Angst within itself? The answer, as
much as anyone in the Guild hates to admit

it, is "No one knows."

System: Bringing a Soul Lantern into con-
tact with the Angst Battery drains all of the Angst
in that Lantern at a rate of 1 point per turn.



apter Six:
emplates

The Pardoners Guild is a true cross-section of wraith so-
ciety. It contains everyone from the prototypical medieval
seller of indulgences to the latest proponents of self-analysis
and holistic healing. The keepers of the secrets of Castiga-
tion embrace psychoanalysts, advice columnists, private eyes,
Inquisitors and good-old-fashioned medieval torturers. While
the method of Castigation chosen by a Pardoner sometimes
reflects her calling in life, this correlation isn't always the case.
Many Pardoners' preferred style of purification derives from
their changes in perspective since coming to the Underworld.
Each Pardoner is a unique combination of personal back-
ground, Castigation style and belief in the necessity of wag-
ing an intimate war against Oblivion.

The following templates illustrate some of the myriad
possibilities for customizing Pardoner characters. Use them
as written, tailor them to your own needs or find in them the
inspiration you need to create your own.

Chapter Six: Templates 135


Quote: I have come to cast away the darkness. The light of
my lantern shines for you and you alone.

Prelude: You grew up in a "sanctified" household nestled
in the mountains of eastern Tennessee. Your daddy was the
pastor and your momma the choir director of the New Rev-
elation Independent Gospel Tabernacle. Your parents raised
you by the Bible and the switch (they called it a "rod"), but
they also gave you a lot of love.

When you were 12, it happened. During one of your
daddy's impassioned sermons, you felt something stir within
you. Folks later told you that you started speaking in tongues
and weeping tears of blood. From that day on, you were a
preacher, just like your daddy.

Your daddy gave up his church when you turned 16. He
bought a used RV, packed you and your momma into it and
started touring the revival circuit. That's where you met Eddie.
Your parents took one look at him, there in the audience dur-
ing one of your tentshow sermons, and labeled him an irre-
deemable son of the Devil. That only made you more deter-
mined to find some good in him and save his soul. For the
first — and last — time in your life, you disobeyed your par-
ents' orders after they told you to leave him alone. The night
before you were to leave for the next stop along your revival
route, you let Eddie take you for a ride.

Unfortunately, it started raining that night, and Eddie's
truck wasn't up to the curves on the treacherous mountain
roads. He survived the crash; you didn't.

You were surprised when, instead of meeting the Lord,
you met a kindly-faced, white-haired woman who informed
you that, no, she wasn't an angel, she was a Reaper. You had a
million questions, but before you could ask the first one, you
took a good look at her. What you saw stunned you into si-
lence. It seemed that you could see right through her, and
inside her was something ugly and evil. Brokenly, you told
her that she had a devil within her and that she needed to get
rid of it. She gave you a strange look and took you to the
Pardoners' Chapter House.

At first, you were afraid that you had ended up in the
place where Daddy said Catholics go, but you soon learned
you were in the Shadowlands, where all souls wind up, if they
haven't finished their work on Earth yet. This revelation suited
you just fine. You settled down to the serious business of learn-
ing how to heal the darkness inside the souls around you.

Concept: Your desire to save souls endures even in the
Underworld. You like to emphasize love and forgiveness,
though you can conjure up images of fiery pits and hideous
tortures when you must. Even better, it seems your gift of
tongues was nothing less than a message from your Eidolon

fas

136 Guildbook: Pardoners

— your higher self. As you are now one of the Scourges, all
those painful switchings your momma and daddy gave you
make sense.

Roleplaying Notes: Flavor your conversation with Bible
quotes and hymns. Ask your friends questions such as, "Are
you washed in the blood?" or "Have you looked into yourself
today, and do you like what you see?" You care about others
and work hard to save them from the dark ugliness inside them,
but that doesn't mean you're going to let them slack off when
it comes to taking care of their souls.

Relics: King James version of the Bible, choir robe,
Scourge's whip


Nature: Caretaker
Demeanor: T radttionalist
Shadow: Perfectionist

Attributes

Sovil

Name: Evangelist
~ Player:
hronicle:

Physical

. Strength. @@000 Charisma

) Dexterity. @00 Manipulation
Stamina CO BOO Appearance

eeee0
@000
@eee0

skills

Etiquette.
Firearms
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.

) Expression
Intimidation
Repair.
Stealth.

Backgrounds
lies (Pardoners) @@e@00

Passions
Watch over your Mommy & 00000
Daddy- just ike an angel (Love) @@@OO
Help others see the ight 00000

through Castigation (Pride) @@@OO
Moke sure Eddie accepts Christ (Gut) @@OOO

Transcend $0 you can go to 00000

@0000
@@000
OO0000
OO0000
OO0O000

ooerexe Guild Marks oocoe

Shadowy Taint

Death: Kuto Recident
Regret: Didn't have tine enough

Tent-Revival Preacher

to finish mission work

Mental

Perception.
Intelligence.
Wits

00000
00000 | "{
@0000 |

00000
00000
Linguistics @0000
Medicine 00000
Occult_Religobn @e@0@00

Politics.

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas.
Investigation.
Law.

Science.

Castigate @e@000 —
Argos @@000 |

00000
OO000O0
OO0000
00000

rocco ot Mibeooocs ||
OP Cele OO TC OF
BBeBoOO00000 ay

Thoms
Devils Sigi+ Black, ot, wings and
halo (3)
Kil Eddie (Revenge)
Undermhe Christientty (hi
Harm clents (Malke),

1) @@@@0
@e@e00


y
Drill instructor

Quote: Think you're tougher than me, huh? We'll see.

Prelude: You were all that you could be — and it wasn't
enough. Your parents fought all the time, and your father beat
your mother for reasons you never could understand. When
you finally tried to stand up to him — at about age eight or
nine — he expanded his range of targets and beat you up,
too.

School wasn't much better. You hid your bruises under
long sleeves and long pants and your pain under a surly atti-
tude. You addressed the fact that no one liked you much by
beating the crap out of anyone who looked at you the wrong
way.

When you were 14, your father left town. Neither you
nor your mom was sorry to see him go. Unfortunately, things
didn't get much better when he went. You spent more and
more time on the street.

Then your mom screwed things up by killing her-
self, leaving behind even more debts than your fa-
ther had. You had no job, no family and no
way in hell of keeping up the rent on the
apartment. So, you did the only thing you
could think of: You joined the Army.

You hardly noticed basic training. While
the others who enlisted when you did started
dropping like flies, you just buried your ha-
tred for the drill sergeant, dug in and
showed him that his methods
didn't measure up to a life-
time of blows and curses.

When it became
clear that you were
there for the duration,
the promotions
started coming. You
made drill sergeant,
and then it was your
turn to bully and
beat some back-
bone the
wussies who
thought they could
be part of the nation's
defense team. When
the Gulf War started,
you stayed behind, but
the boys you trained went to
the desert. Most of them survived.

into

Maybe you took one blow too many to the head. Maybe
all of the bottled-up anger finally screamed its way loose in
your brain. One day, something went "pffft" inside your head
during morning drill. The next thing you knew, you were in
the Shadowlands.

You beat the crap out of the guy who Reaped you, until a
bunch of his buddies slapped chains on you and dragged you
away. You tried to fight, but the chains did weird things to
your muscles and coordination. It looked hopeless.

Your Reaper hauled you, kicking and cursing, to the
soulforges and turned you over to the hammer-and-apron crew.
Luckily for you, the Artificer slated to smelt you down to soul-
slag saw something in you. He said something about your join-
ing the war against Oblivion, and he ended up shoving you
into the hands of the Pardoners. They helped you "enlist" in
the Emerald Legion, right after they inducted you into their
Guild.

Concept: You are the good guy who's tougher and nastier
than most of the bad guys. As a Scourge, you specialize in

getting down and dirty with the Shadow and beating it to

a pulp with your bare hands. You don't spend much time

worrying about motivations, you just kick ass and take
names. Once you make Master in the Guild, you
plan to apply for membership in the Darksiders.
Who knows, you might even find your father
somewhere in the Tempest. You look forward

to showing him what you've learned.
Roleplaying Notes: You judge people by how
tough they are. If they can't take your constant
insults and verbal abuse, then they certainly
can't stand up to what their Shadows
give them. SHOUT A LOT!
Never admit to feeling pain, but
never let an insult go unan-
swered. Because you (and
your Shadow) respond in-
+ $m stantly to any offense, you
SoS have surprisingly little ac-

cumulated Angst. You

intend to keep it that

way.

Relics: Boxing
championship medal,
pair of worn boxing
gloves, sergeant's

4 stripes, Army dog tags


Name: Drill hstructor
Player:
' Chronicle:

@e@0@00
@e@e@00
@eee0

Demeanor: Bravo
Shadow: Ke user

Attributes
soi
@e@000

@ee@00
@0000

Charisma.
Manipulation
Appearance.

| wocceocccccecoonces Abilities

Talents

1) Athletics
+, Awareness,

@ee00
@e@000
@0000
@ee0e0
@@000
OO0000
OO0000
@ee@00
@0000
OO0000

00000
@@000
O0000
@e@000
@@000
OO0000
@@000
00000
@@000
@0000

Etiquette.
Firearms
Leadership.
Meditation,
Melee.
Performance
Repair.
Stealth.

life: Soldier
Death: Brain Kneurism (Disease)
Regret: Not makhg Master Sergeant

Nental

Perception.
Intelligence
Wits,

Knowledges

Bureaucracy,
Computer.
Enigmas.

OO0OOO |
@0000 ||
@0000
00000
00000
OO0000
00000
@0000
OO00O0

Investigation
Law.
Linguistics.
Medicine
Occult
Politics,
Science,

Passions
Watch trahees at od base (Love) @@@OO
Show everyone what youre made QOOOO
of (Pride) @e000
Find you father & punmellhin (Hate) @@OOO
Teoch others whet you know QOOOO

Arcanoi

Cas: €
Outrage @@000
00000
OQO0000
00000
00000

00000 |.*

rococo moooos
e@e@eoo0o00o00o0d0d
BBeOOO00000

DoooO-OD poeoood
Bag Luck (3)! Tainted Ree
(batonX2)/ Spectre Prestige ()

20-00 Datk Pasion COoooc
Protect Father from self (Sedistk ke) @@OOO

Meke others poy dearly for OOOOO
your teach (Greed) _@@@0O

@@@00 | -

Quote: No fear. Absolutely!
Prelude: You spent your life defying death, making your
living as a professional thrill seeker. Your parents had money
— enough to send you to the best schools, give you a gener-
ous allowance (so you never had to hold down a real job) and
provide you with the finest counselors when you began ex-
hibiting signs of self-destructive behavior. Whoop-de-do. They
loved you, but they never understood what drove you to take
risks. They never realized that you were begging for the one
thing they didn't give you — their attention.

Asa child, you pushed the limits by attempting all those
things labeled "do not try this at home." You wanted to see
how high you could climb, how far you could fall, how fast
your bike would go. But when you told your folks about your
adventures, they always said, "That's nice, dear." It wasn't until
you jumped from the garage roof and broke your leg that you
finally got a little attention. Unfortunately, it was medical
attention. Your parents had the best doctors fix you up,
and then things went back to normal.

In college, your horizons broadened. Your early expo-
sure to therapy awakened in you an interest in ab-
normal psychology, and you spent your
term breaks gaining "experience in the
field" — bungee jumping, mountain
climbing, skydiving, motorcycle racing and
freeform skiing. Your parents died in a plane crash before
your graduation, and they left you with a trust fund and an
annual income that assured your financial independence;
after that, there was no stopping you.

You embraced danger with a vengeance. Your money
bought media connections, and you began to adver-
tise your "stunts" to gain publicity and notoriety. "7a
(After all, if your parents weren't around to no- {
tice you, you had to get attention from some-
place...)

Finally, your luck ran out. While try-
ing for a free-fall record, you waited a
little too long to pull the ripcord on
your parachute. You hit the ground
before it opened fully. Thank-
fully, you never felt the im-
pact; from what others have
told you since, it must
have hurt a lot.

In the Shadowlands, your Reaper saw deathmarks on you
that caused him to deliver you to the Legion of Fate, no ques-
tions asked. Your knowledge of psychology led you to study
Castigation and brought you into contact with the Pardon-
ers, who recruited you into their Guild. Eventually, you heard
of a special cadre of wraiths called Doomslayers, which did
battle with Spectres on their home ground — in the Tempest
itself. It seemed "fated" for you to hook up with this group of
danger-freaks. The Guild agreed with you, and trained you as
a Darksider.

Concept: A consummate daredevil, you finally have a
way to combine your craving for danger with a sense of pur-
pose. While your comrades take the war to the Tempest, you
watch their backs and protect them from their Shadows. In
some ways, you fight battles that are even riskier than the

ones your Doomslayer companions
wage; they fight the enemy, while
you struggle with your own al-
lies.

Roleplaying
Notes: Show

no fear.
The risks
you take as a
Darksider reflect
the attitude you
have held on both
sides of the Shroud.
Your Castigation style
consists of goading the
Shadow into betraying itself.
You're not afraid of putting your own
existence on the line to shame a Shadow
into some action that weakens it. Unfor-
© 4 tunately, your recklessness also carries over
Y ‘into your normal activities with your
Doomslayer companions. Goad them, as well. Push
them to achieve things they never thought possible. Risk
can only make them stronger.

Relics: Ripcord, basic psychology textbook

|
|


Name: Darksider

life Thrilseeker

Nature: G-amb ler

+ Player Demeanor: Explorer Death: Skydiving accident
| Chronicle: Shadow: Perfectionist Regret: No real attention from parents
Attributes
Social Mental
| Strength, @@@00 Charisma @@000 Perception
Dexterity. @@@@0 Manipulation, @@@00 Intelligence
J), Stamina. @@@00 Appearance. @@@00 Wits
f
! Abilities
Ps Tes si bielles
uy Ke Alertness, @@@00 Crafts OOOOO Bureaucracy.
©) Athletics @@@00 Drive @@@00 Computer
-\), Awareness @0000 Etiquette OOOOO Enigmas
' ")) Brawl @@000 Firearms @0000 Investigation.
) | ll) Dodge. @@@00 Leadership OOOOO Law.
| i), Empathy. OOOOO Meditation, OOOOO Linguistics
iB | Expression, OOOOO Melee. @@000 Medicine
/ | {9 Intimidation @0000 Performance. OOOO0O Occult
W f\ Streetwise. OOOOO Repair. @0000 Politics.
iff \ Subterfuge. OOOOO Stealth, @@000 Science
\
nn es Passions Arcanoi
\ s(D efs) @@@00 Sxrsttentin(Greed) __— @@@@O
ie ec O00  Chelenge yourself & alles (Pride) @@@OO
HY Status (Guild) OOOO Sb Jugete Shadows (Kggresshn) @@@OO
© eT ©101010)0) 00000
| 00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000

eeeeeo0000|.
goo0000000

poo fhm cm ocoo.

Devils Dare

Bad Luck

Destroy Doomshyers (Hate) @@@OO
Seek out no-wh situations

OO0000
(Selt-Destruction) ©0000 |

Poon Pathos Doocooc

Get attention (Greed) @0000


Quote: Hey, man, you look like you could use some Casti-
gation. Lemme do you. No, man, it's free. I swear it.

Prelude: It started with the ritalin in grade school. Your
parents thought you were too fat and lethargic, and they
wanted to pep you up a little. By the time you were 16, you
were into crystal meth. You just couldn't get through the day
without that pick-me-up. On the plus side, you were no longer
fat, and you had enough energy to light up the science lab,
basketball court and cafeteria. Your parents were thrilled with
your new, slender form and cheery, talkative persona. On the

downside, your 78 RPM ways gained you many friends, but .

no one really special who cared just for you. Nobody seemed,
to notice how nervous and shaky you always were.

As you were someone "cool" and in the know about the
drug scene, the other kids looked to you for advice. Some-
how, they just didn't understand that you were as hooked as
they were. You needed more and more speed, just to keep
going. Nobody really cared about you anyway, so you decided
to end the pain. Injecting yourself with a massive overdose,
you waited for the final rush. And when it hit, you found
yourself in the Underworld.

Instead of ending your pain, you just made it permanent.
Still, not everything was bleak. The woman who Reaped you
took you under her wing, as if she were the big sister you never
had. Hoping you could find something to stop the need in-
side, you went with her to the Pardoners Guild. They taught
you Castigation and how to give other wraiths peace. That
was how you found out that doing so filled you with as big a
rush as any you ever got in the Skinlands. Angst felt just like
old times.

Concept: You're the little girl lost, who always looked for
love. Because you got approval only when you transformed
yourself through drugs, they became your sole source of joy.
Now, it's Angst that gets you high and eases all the pain. You
crave it like nothing else before, except maybe love and at-
tention. Because you are so desperately in need, you make an
excellent Pardoner. You search out anyone who requires your
services, and you even offer free Castigations. Angst is the
only payment you truly want, anyway.

Roleplaying Notes: Stay on the lookout for anyone whose
Shadow seems the least bit in evidence. Set up shop anywhere,
anytime. Never turn down a chance for that rush Angst gives
you. Be crafty enough to take back a little bit of Angst to the
Chapter House for deposit into the holding unit. After all, it
would never do for the others to know your secret. Never let
your Shadow out where another Pardoner might see it. He
might Castigate you then, and take all that lovely Angst away.
Relics: Needle, high school yearbook


life: Jurkie/Student
Death: Overdose (Sukide)
Regret: Never found lve

Nature: G-amb ler
Demeanor: G-amb ler
Shadow: Pusher

1), Name: Kagst Junkie
eC) Player:
Die crore

Phys

Dexterity.
Stamina,

@@000
@@000
@e@0@00

Social
Charisma,
Manipulation.
Appearance.

| poccccccccceccosces Mbilties

Talents
Alertness,
»| Athletics
Awareness,

i Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression.
Intimidation.
Streetwise

\ \} Subterfuge

Backgrounds

@@000
00000
@@000
00000
@e@0@00
@0000
OO0000
00000
@@e@00
@@000

Skills
Crafts.
Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth,

Mental

@@000 Perception.
@@@@0 Intelligence
@eee0 Wits

Knowledges
00000
@@000
@0000
@@000
OO0000
OO0000
@0000
00000
00000
@e@e00

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas.
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics
Medicine
Occult
Politics
Science

00000 |
@0000 |
@0000
00000

_@0000

00000
@0000
OOOOO |,
@0000

00000 *—

Advantages occccocccccsconccccs |

Passions

Arcanoi

"Alles (Pardoners) @e@000

\i

Contacts @@000

00000
00000

moero-e (uild Maks oocoo.

Shadowy Taint

Get more Angst! (Greed) eeee80
Find bve (Pride)

Stop drug pushers (Regret)
Help others (Love)

Castigate = O00 |
Usury @@@00 |

__ COND. FF

OO0000
OO0000
O0000

OOO0O0O | —

rocco MMS mooo oe
@e@e2@eee@e0o0000:
BBBOO00000

~ooono] oSPecose
Pact of Doom (3)

reco; Dak psi COoOo. |
Destroy these hbve (Evy) @8@@O
Teke whet you want from OOOOO
others (Hate) 0000
00000


Quote: We are all sinners. There is not one among us who is
truly pure. Who eats the sins of the sin-eater? Who pardons the
Pardoner?

Prelude: You were born in a small village whose name
you no longer remember. You grew up ostracized
by the other townsfolk. Your house lay out-
side the boundaries of the town, and you
were never allowed to play with the other
children. Unlike the other men of the
town, your father did not go out
to plow the fields or chop wood.
He never hunted. Much of the
time, he simply carved toys for
you or utensils for your mother.
When he wasn't carving, he
spent his time on his knees in
prayer. Most of your needs were met
by the townsfolk. Food, clothing, and
whatever else your family lacked was
brought in the dark of the night and left
on the doorstep.

When you were 10, you discovered
why. You had known that your father
was always called to any house where
someone had died. Taking up his
hooded cloak, he would go from
your house like some black-winged
scavenger bird and return with the
dawn, wearied and desperate.
Eventually, he explained that
he was a sin-eater: one who
consumes a feast laid out upon
acorpse. With that feast, the
sin-eater took upon himself
all the transgressions of the
deceased, which allowed
the dead person's soul to
go, unburdened by its
trespasses, to Heaven.

When you turned
19, your parents died
from plague. A neigh-
bor called for the sin-
eater to come unburden
her husband, who had also
died. Although you were his
daughter, and not expected to fol-
low his calling, you could not sim-
ply abandon his responsibilities.

144 Guildbook: Pardoners

More importantly, you could not let your father face judg-
ment for all the sins he had consumed, not when you could
take those sins upon yourself and gain him entrance to
Heaven. Taking up his cloak, you went to the neighbor's house.
When finished there, you returned home and fulfilled your
duty toward your mother and father. The next week, the plague
claimed you as well. The Pardoners Guild, which was appar-
ently waiting for you, Reaped you, and you became a member
of the Beacon.

Concept: Knowing your duty to the others of your Guild,
you have become a Pardoner's Pardoner. As you once
cleansed the sins from your loved ones, so you now re-

move the taint from your fellows. That they are honor-
able people who help others makes you proud to help

them. Into your capable hands is entrusted the very
soul of the Pardoners Guild, its many sin-eaters. You
feel privileged to be where you are.
Roleplaying Notes: You are the elite, yet you
remain humble, for you intuitively understand oth-
ers' burdens. Offer counseling and Castigation to
your fellow Pardoners whenever possible. Root
out any who show signs of betraying secrets
learned from their clients. Such sins need
eradication, which you are determined to
make happen.
Still, at times you long for something
more. You enjoy your work, yet it's all you've
ever known. First, you took on your parents'
burdens. Now, you shoulder myriad respon-
sibilities as a Pardoner. Sometimes, you feel
trapped, and you wonder when you will ever
have the chance to do what you want to do,
rather than always fulfill what others ex-
pect of you.
Relics: Long black cloak, wooden toy

i
;


Si x" ") Alertness
=) Athletics,

\

i

Nature: Martyr
Demeanor: Leager
Shadow: Mertye

I eeececoecccoesssone hitihit

@@000
@@000
@@000

Talents
@@000
00000
@@000
@0000
@@000

Awareness

i ji

) Expression,

i Intimidation.
i

Subterfuge.

Social
@0000
@@000
@@000

Charisma
Manipulation.
Appearance.

skills
Crafts,
Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms
Leadership
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth,

00000
OO0000
@@000
00000
@ee@00
@ee00
00000
00000
00000
00000

Death: Plague (Disease)

Regret: Never marryhg & having
children

Mental

Perception.
Intelligence
Wits,

Bureaucracy
Computer.
Enigmas
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics
Medicine
Occult
Politics
Science.

Advanti—es occcoccccsccenncoss

Pasions

Tepothiersoreroncish (Duty) @@@e0
Protect orphoned children (Regret) @®OOO
Seostort eurviore wheeled! _OOOOO
sree hove passed on Conprsrtel @OOOO
Root out those whe betray _QOOOO

theretig Get) @@@00
00000

Arcanoi
Ee eeeen |
Fata @@000

OO000O0
00000
00000

O0000
00000

rococo hist mooocs |
@@@eeee@0000)
BO0O0000000

ssooc-o Thoms

Devils Dare (7)

Destroy other Perdoners (Evy) @@@OO
Le tockents (Hate) __——s @@@OO
Newuse inocents of wrongdohg OOOOO
( @0000_


Angyr

Although he remembers little of his life before coming
to the Shadowlands, Brother Angyr, a Master Pardoner who
dwells in the Necropolis of San Francisco, feels such a strong
attachment to that city that he seldom leaves its confines.
Trained by the local Chapter House, Angyr demonstrated a
streak of independence that made many of his fellows believe
he had more in common with certain bands of Renegades
than with his Guild. His investigation by a team from the
Beacon, however, turned up no sign of divided loyalties.

Angyr progressed quickly within the Guild. He joined
the Scourges as a Journeyman and attained Master status in
record time. Once he completed his training in advanced
Castigation, he worked the streets of the Necropolis. His
nimble mind — uncluttered by memories of his skin-clad life
—and his experimental approaches to Castigation made him
popular with the innovative wraiths of San Francisco. While
his methods of Castigation were harsh, they usually resulted
in extremely successful cleansings.

A few years ago, an earthquake rocked parts of the city.
The tremor coincided with a fierce storm in the Skinlands
and an equally intense Maelstrom in the Shadowlands. Caught
up in the fury of the unleashed Tempest, Angyr aided a few of
his acquaintances by raising a bulwark of protection against
Oblivion's onslaught. Not content simply to weather the at-
tack, the young Pardoner lit his lantern, uncoiled his bullwhip
and began to Castigate the Spectres within the Maelstrom.

Guildbook: Pardoners

Appendix:

Who Was.

Ps

In order to strengthen himself, he enlisted his own Shadow
to fortify his power. Angyr's ferocity and single-minded deter-
mination bolstered his reputation among the Renegade and
Heretic groups that proliferate in San Francisco's Necropolis,
and he soon became the hip Pardoner of choice.

Since then, Angyr has voiced his support for Renegades
and other dissenting wraiths, and he has sought Guild sup-
port for the agendas of various opponents of the Hierarchy.
Wraiths at the main Chapter House in Stygia worry that this
talented but brash Pardoner has overstepped his bounds. They
fear he may draw the Hierarchy's wrath for his breach of the
tacit agreement between the Pardoners and the powers-that-
be. Recently, the bureaucracy summoned Angyr to Stygia and
required him to submit to a second panel of inquiry — this
one comprising members of the Beacon, as well as a visiting
Darksider. Although the investigators could find no disloy-
alty in Angyr, they were reluctant to turn him loose without
a severe warning. Secretly, the representative of the Darksiders
tried to enlist Angyr as a Doomslayer. He promised the Par-
doner immunity from further investigations. Angyr declined
the invitation and expressed his desire to return to San Fran-
cisco, where, he said, he had someone waiting for him on the
"other side."

Angyr's appearance gives substance to his name. He stands
over 6 feet tall, and has long, straight, black hair, an arro-
gantly handsome face and a lean, hard body. He stalks the
streets of his home city with the predatory grace of a feral cat.

Reaped in the early 70s, Angyr does not recall his birth name.
His memory still has huge gaps in the details of his mortal
life, though he retains a strong attachment to the Haight-
Ashbury district and Golden Gate Park. His affinity for mu-
sic connects him to the psychedelic rock scene of the 1960s,
while his penchant for black leather, bullwhips and chains
hints at time spent with an interesting crowd.

Many traditional Pardoners complain that Brother Angyr
is a loose cannon who needs to be brought under tighter con-
trol. A few of his supporters — some of them influential
Darksiders — insist that Angyr and others like him hold, in
their ability to act spontaneously and unpredictably, the keys

to ultimate victory over Oblivion. Recommendations for
Angyr's promotion, as well as requests for his censure, have
reached the Council of Pardoners; all are being weighed.
Whether he ultimately embodies the Guild's future or repre-
sents its inability to exercise control over its radical elements
remains to be seen. It is questionable whether Angyr himself

gives either possibility any thought.

Brother Tenacious

Juan de Manresa, an early follower of St. Ignatius of
Loyola, followed his mentor throughout his travels. He re-
members many details of his life as a member of the Society
of Jesus, but his fondest memories are of Ignatius' Spiritual
Exercises and his enjoyment acting as leader of the Society's
retreats. Though he lived his life as well as he knew how,
when he died of pneumonia at age 40, his soul did not go on
to the reward he expected.

Juan's Reaper jerked the Caul from his quarry's face, then
manacled him to a long line of other suffering souls. He
dragged the coffle away for processing and indoctrination into
the Skeletal Legion. When Juan passed the soulforges, he
thought he was in hell. The flames, screams and torments all
convinced him that he had fallen into the Pit. Although he
had no idea how he had transgressed so gravely, Juan refused
to give in to the inevitable. A soldier of Christ he had been
in life; a soldier of Christ he would be in death. He knew he
would refuse to serve the Devil, no matter what torments lay
In store.

Who knows what trouble Juan might have caused had a
passing Centurion not recognized him. The Centurion had
‘also been a priest, before a bout with plague took his life, and
he quickly explained to Father Juan what was really going on;
then, he personally oversaw his fellow priest's induction into
the Skeletal Legion.

Father Juan rapidly learned what he needed to know about
Stygia and the Restless. His main regret, that he could not
carry on the work he had loved in life, lasted until he met the
Pardoner who worked with his cohort. That wise woman
(known in the Guild as Mother Joyous) spoke with him at
length about Castigation and other matters. When, shortly

Appendix: Who Was Who 147


thereafter, she asked if he would like to assist in her work,
he jumped at the chance. Once it was clear to her that his
true calling was with the Pardoners, she presented him to
the Guild. Juan recognized in them the kindred spirits he
sought, and he begged admittance to the order. Granted
Apprentice status in the Pardoners Guild, he took the name
Brother Tenacious.
Tenacious took to his existence as a Pardoner with
the same fervor he had once exhibited as a priest. Eagerly
recalling St. Ignatius' methods and works, he was almost
solely responsible for instituting the idea of retreats and
meditations into the Pardoners' practices. For centuries,
he has written numerous histories, tracts, treatises and
manuals for the Guild, and he has served enthusiastically
and tirelessly in his capacity as retreat leader to recruit
new wraiths into the Pardoners Guild. He considers the
Guild to be much like a religious society, and he takes very
seriously both his own vows and others'.
Wraiths who have read his works but have never met
Brother Tenacious are surprised to learn that he isn't tall,
stern and ascetic-looking. He is a short, blocky man with
a fringe of graying brown hair and a congenial, if some-
times formal, manner. His most notable features are his
overlong nose and the piercing intelligence of his eyes.
Tenacious usually prefers to appear in garb like that of his
breathing days; most often, he is the very image of a black-
robed Jesuit.
Tenacious' deepest embarrassment is the strength and
wiliness of his Shadow. While he finds it both easy and
natural to confess his shortcomings to another Pardoner,
he often feels the stirring of the Shadow within himself
— stirring he ruthlessly represses. Or so he believes. Un-
known to the good Pardoner, his Shadow can take over
whenever Tenacious sleeps. Once free of the Pardoner's
interference, it performs actions calculated to damage the
Guild and undermine Tenacious' recruitment efforts. Its
latest escapade is a collaboration with Spectres on the
writing of an irreverent book that spills many of the Par-
doners' most closely guarded secrets. Known as
Guildwraiths Among Us: True Secrets of the Pardon-
ers, the ongoing work has been produced on the Guild's
own printing press. Brother Tenacious, to his chagrin, has
only recently discovered who is behind the odious book.
A large number of Pardoners both like and respect
Brother Tenacious, and they freely acknowledge his
contributions as a recruiter and leader of retreats. He
has risen within the Guild to the status of Master Par-
Q doner, and he moves easily through the corridors of
\ power in Stygia. Few doubt that Tenacious would
: be chosen as the next Guildmaster, were Sis-
ter Acceptance to step down. Although flat-
tered by his fellows' love and trust, Tena-
cious would rather continue doing what he

148 Guildbook: Pardoners


enjoys most — introducing the ways and philoso-
phy of the Guild to new Pardoners.

ather Compassionate

Born on the island of Kés in the fifth century
before Christ, the man who would become known
as Father Compassionate spent his early life as a
teacher. Schooled in the philosophies and learning
of his Greek forefathers and contemporaries,
Hippocrates gravitated toward the practice of medi-
cine because of his interest in gymnastics. As an itin-
erant practitioner of medicine, he had to treat ev-
erything from injuries to war wounds to potentially
fatal diseases.

Working alongside other medical mendicants,
he developed a whole new method of treatment. It

emphasized rational observations and healing based

on herbal knowledge and the radical theory of treat-
ing not just the body, but the mind and emotions,
as well. Maintaining that treatment should focus
on the patient rather than the injury or disease,
the young physician and his fellows used long

put their patients at ease.

Hippocrates advocated extended observa-
tion, which entailed the noting and report-
ing every symptom (no matter how seemingly
inconsequential). His treatment then pro-
ceeded from the theory that nature would
work to cure the patient, if given the chance
to do so. He even understood that some ill-
nesses originated from mental or emotional
causes, and he treated them as well. Despite
his mistaken understanding of an imbalance
among the four humors as the cause of ill-
ness, Hippocrates' otherwise sophisticated
techniques made him highly successful and
respected. By adding ethical considerations to
the methods he and his fellows had originated,
Hippocrates created an oath that is still taken
by doctors today.

When he died at age 90 or so, Hippocrates
traveled to the Underworld. There, he met like-
minded wraiths, philosophers, priests and physi-
cians. They cleansed the soul, as he had treated
and strengthened the body. Hippocrates learned
the art of Castigation and, in turn, taught his
fellow Restless all he knew of medicine. Because
it seemed to be the aspect of his knowledge
with the most practical application to wraiths,
his teaching focused especially on that part


of his methods dealing with the mind and emotions.

Realizing the power he and the others who called them-
selves Purifiers held, he determined that they should not be
feared by other wraiths. He wrote the Oath of the Purifiers,
based upon his own Hippocratic Oath. That oath (with some
modifications) is still sworn today by all Pardoners, as part of
their stated practice.

Hippocrates has always commanded a great deal of re-
spect from his fellow Purifiers. Although he is of short stat-
ure, his dignified posture, his short, curly white hair and well-
trimmed, elaborately curled beard and his modest garments
all distinguish him as a man of means and high standing. His
speech is always measured and thoughtful. He is not without
humor, but he always maintains a serious demeanor when-
ever he is with a patient. Age has lent him a great deal of his
dignity, while his accomplishments in both life and death are
enough to shame the least respectful wraith into behaving.
Because he believes so much in the rational approach,
Hippocrates is not always as gentle in his Castigations as he
might be. His focus on rooting out the sickness he sees within
all Shadows sometimes leaves his clients shaken. Because he
recognized an innate streak of sadism in his own makeup, the
great physician took the name Father Compassionate, to re-
mind himself always to consider his patients' pain first.

Father Compassionate disappeared several months ago,
after long service to the Guild. Some wraiths still claim to see
him from time to time, his bearded face and white robes mak-
ing him stand out among a crowd of Renegades or a host of
Heretics. Such witnesses believe he has become a Missionary
to Restless in need of his services. Others say he has long
since either Transcended or gone down to Oblivion. Most do
not believe that this vital Pardoner could leave the Under-
world without there being some sign that he had gone.

The truth is far more disturbing. Just before Father Com-
passionate disappeared, his Shadow seized him in a bout of
Catharsis. While under its influence, he distracted the Angst
Battery's guardian and sabotaged the machine. When he re-
gained control of himself, he was so ashamed by his loss of
control that he fled into the Tempest. Now, he wanders from
Renegade camp to refugee settlement and helps all who ask.
He spends most of his time, however, trying to think of some
way to undo the terrible act he has committed.

Sister Acceptance

As the only child of a well-connected Mycenaean fam-
ily, Inachus received training in all the proper arts for a woman
whose marriage into a good house was assured. Because he
valued her keen mind, clever wit and fearlessness, her father
also introduced her to knowledge usually reserved for men.
He taught her to read, write and speak several languages.
Inachus also learned philosophy, rudimentary medical skills
and the art of warfare. Unable to bear the thought of her ab-

150 Guildbook: Pardoners
o~ teas

sence, her father refused to consider a marriage for her until
she was nearly 22. Most other women her age had long since
married and borne children, and many believed her parents
had condemned her to a life alone or as a boarder in their
home. Finally, however, when a marriage was arranged,
Inachus set out for another city, where she was to meet her
intended husband.

On the road, bandits set upon Inachus and her traveling
companions. Her servants were carried off screaming, but she
refused to be taken. Drawing the dagger that was the only
weapon she carried, she fought so fiercely that the bandits
had to kill her in self-defense.

She awakened from the blackness of death as one of the
many milling souls lost in the gray Underworld. She wan-
dered for an untold time before she found the man who led
her to the Isle of Sorrows and gave her new existence mean-
ing. Awed by his strength, power and goodness, Inachus loved
Charon from the first time they met. Denied the chance to
share eternity with Charon in matrimony, however, she
searched for some way she could aid his cause.

While pondering this dilemma, Inachus discovered that
her insights into the souls of others were particularly keen.
She realized that they suffered from the same despair and rage
that she often felt, so she began to talk with these other
wraiths. She attempted to ease their distress by sharing their
woes. It worked. As she spoke, she felt the lightening of their
hearts.

One day, while performing this counseling, Inachus in-
stinctively reached out and twined the imaginary dark yarn
of a fellow wraith's anxiety around her fingers, just as she had
often done with wool when she wove in her father's house.
Tugging at the shadowy stuff, she felt the strand break away
from the other wraith, as she relieved him of part of his Angst.
It also wounded his Corpus, but he smiled at her. She blanched
as she saw the yarn dissipate, leaving black stains upon her
fingers, stains she could not wash away. Balanced between
horror at her contamination and joy at what she had accom-
plished for her fellow wraith, Inachus found herself perform-
ing this ritual again and again.

Word of Inachus' doings spread, and soon, other Restless
who could perform the same service contacted her. They called
themselves Purifiers. Joyful that she and her fellows could of-
fer something valuable to the Underworld, she rushed to tell
Charon of her discovery. She saw, to her horror, that he, too,
was stained by his Shadow. Reaching out, she sought to cleanse
him, as she felt that the darkness within his soul must be elimi-
nated. He cried out as she plunged her fingers into the blackest
portion of his being, drawing it forth and banishing it. Then
he saw the caring that lay behind her rash action.

Taking Inachus aside, Charon questioned her about her
ability and smiled as he realized its meaning. What else they
said to one another is unknown, but when their conversation
ended, Inachus was Charon's personal Purifier. After that ex-

a ‘a WS

N y

— ~~ 5
* i! = Sat

change, the two came to trust one another implicitly, and
they worked together to help other Restless overcome the
ravages of the Shadow. To signify her acceptance of her role
as Charon's counselor, rather than that of his companion,

Inachus changed her name to Acceptance. From that
time until Charon vanished into the Sunless Sea, she
counseled him and Castigated him whenever he zi

needed her (and sometimes when he refused her at- is Um

tentions). Often, she disagreed with his decisions, od f
but she never betrayed him. When the Guilds rose # J ' ‘
in revolt, Sister Acceptance briefly abandoned . iy

him, out of fear that he would consign her to a . a) a j
the soulforges for her part in the rebellion. She . J
reconciled with him to beg clemency for her
fellow Guildwraiths, however. Many believe
that the Pardoners Guild suffered so little for
its part in the attempted coup because Charon
was loath to sentence Acceptance to
discorporation or the soulforge.

With the coming of the Fifth Great
Maelstrom, Charon entered a madness more
severe than any he had ever before suffered.
With his consent (given during one of his few
lucid moments), Sister Acceptance tried a des'
perate group Castigation on the imperator, in
hopes of restoring him to lucidity. It failed.
Charon's unchained Shadow slipped free and
fled into the Labyrinth, only to be heard from
again howling through the mouth of the Malfean
Gorool. Although Sister Acceptance begged him
to let her fight at his side against the creature, Charon
refused. Alone, he met Gorool, created a whirlpool
and disappeared with the monster into the spiral.

The Pardoners, knowing Sister Acceptance might
give in to despair without something to occupy her, elected
her Guildmaster by unanimous accord. She has fulfilled
that role for almost 50 years. Of late, news came to her
that Charon has been seen in the Labyrinth. Sister Ac-
ceptance, her eyes brightened by hope for the first time
in a half-century, plans to be the first to enter that dread
place in search of her lost emperor.

a


Chronicle:

Phil
Strength.

Dexterity.
Stamina

Talents
Alertness.
Athletics.
Awareness.
Brawl.
Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression,
Intimidation,
Streetwise
Subterfuge.

@0000 Charisma

Attributes
sil

@0000 Manipulation.

@OO00O0 Appearance

Crafts.

Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms.
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth,

Abilities
stills

@0000
@0000
@0000

Mental

Perception.
Intelligence.
Wits.

Knowles
Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas.
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics.
Medicine.
Occult.
Politics.
Science.


So Age. Apparent Age. Date of Birth, R.LP.. Gender.
4 | Height. Weight. Hair. Eyes, Race.
Mm Nationality Garb,
j Other Distinguishing Features,

Precltter0% iat nga po
Shadowguide payer: 4

Thorns =) Angst Dark Passions

0000000000 00000
OOO0000008 00000

00000
O0000

Psyche Willpower 00000
0000000000 ——-22229

OO0000


Expanded Background

hierarchy/Renegade/Hertic Status

Guild Status

Contacts

Memoriam

Notoriety


Te Cost flaw Type

Ancient/New Arts Known

Usual Haunts roo 5 Sais Standing & Contacts roooce
Standing
k

Rani
Guild Contacts

Apprenticed To:

\ wooeccocccccecoosces (\ithit s-eoececcccccce
Weapon Difficulty] Damage|Conceal] Range | Rate | Pathos] [Brawling Table

Maneuver Accuracy

