# File: Past Lives.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Chronicle Sourcebook for Werewolf: The Apocalypse"


| PAST LIVES |

‘hanr,

BY BRUCE BAUGH AND ETHAN SKEMP

WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN HAGEN NN
ee ae ee |

a 7 wee
Cede

Authors: Bruce Baugh and Ethan Skemp. Werewolf
and the World of Darkness created by Mark
Reine Hagen

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Reine Hagen
Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Leif Jones, Jeff Rebner

Cover Art: Steve Ellis

Layout, Typesetting and Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

[904 LITTON DR,

B STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

USA

CAME STUDIO

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the
Great War, Mind's Eye Theatre, Trinity, Past Lives, Tribebook Shadow Lords, Players Guide to Garou, Dark
Ages Werewolf, Croatan Song, Litany of the Tribes and Book of the Wyrm are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White
Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is nota challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

2 Past Lives

ES ES LEE TY


|

Confit
Aegendt of the Garou: The Tale of te Shaktag Sea
totvoduchon: Procation Aga
Time and Te, Aut Jo Felts of tbe Kg
Titwe and Vide, Adi: L hung Hiitory,

Time avd Tigt, Aot Itt: Wivawat
iapper Soup: Ancestor Wison
Contents

CE OLS. SE TD A

[ past Lives |

s

Lo
LE
BE
SE
24

NN
a )


The Tale of the Shaking Sea

There's about four different kinds of what we call
"tales." [don't mean stories, mind. Anybody can tell a
story —a feller can tell you how he met his wife at a
dance, or how his Uncle Earl shot his own fool toe off
with a shotgun and gave up liquor, and those are
stories. Hell, you can tell me how you cooked your
breakfast this morning — that's a story. But tales are
different. Tales live a long time. Tales tell things that
are true even if the story itself isn't. Tales are bigger
than people.

Now like I said, there's four kinds of tales, and not
all people are good at all of them. There's history tales,
which are about the simplest; they're about things that
actually happened, about things that somebody ac-
complished that are still worth talking about. And
there's what we call doctrine tales, which talk about
things that may or may not have actually happened,
but there's a point to the tale that's more important
than the facts. These two are just about everybody's
favorites, and the only problem you tend to run into is

when people start mistaking one for another. But
that's neither here nor there.

Then there's tales of prophecy. You get more of
these among the People, because we listen to the
spirits better'n the humans do, and because the
spirits are the ones who have the best shot at know-
ing what's going to happen before it does. Humans
love tales of prophecy, too, but they've only got a
couple that really hold up.

And the last kind is the hardest for most folks to
get. Mystery tales, we call 'em. A mystery tale talks
about an experience that happened, but it doesn't set
it all out there in stone. There's nothing plain or clear
about a mystery tale, but that's the point — the point
is that the storyteller doesn't tell you what really
happened and why, bur you got to work it out for
yourself. If you figure out a mystery tale, then it
becomes one of the other three — but until that
challenge is solved, it stays what it is. A mystery tale.

The tale I'm about to tell you is one of those.

eee

Legends of the Garou: The Tale of the Shaking Sea


Long as people have been around, they've been
wondering about the deep seas. Sun and Moon, they
don't shine there; they light the tops of the waves, and
they tug on the oceans back and forth so we get tides,
but the light never touches the very deepest parts.
Strange things get born down there, and live out their
lives, and die, and we never see a lick of ‘em.

Things happen slow down there. There are
critters down there that haven't changed so much as
a scale since the time before the monkeys came
down from the trees, since the Dragons were wan-
dering across Gaia. Fish, shelled things, things with-
out shell nor spine. They live in this great vast black,
a void that stretches out wider and farther than
whole continents, like the night sky without moon,
star or clouds. It's cold down there, cold as anything,
and the water crushes down on everything. It's like
Gaia dug the world's biggest, coldest, darkest grave
into Her own flesh and filled it up with water. And
things live down there.

Every once ina while, we learn about some of it.
You've heard about those giant squid that wash up on
the beaches sometimes, or the whales that get cut open
and have tentacles long as an cighteen-wheeler coiled
up in their stomachs. Or about the things that manage
to live right where the volcanoes meet the sea, crea-
tures that survive in water that's boiling all the time.
Things that make their own light, or crawl their way
across these barren dark spaces by feel alone. And
those are just the things that Gaia made.

There are things down there not of Her making,
too.

We hear less about them. They like to stay
hidden, you see. Bur there are things down there that
are alive, and things that are dead, children neither of
Sun nor Moon nor Earth Herself. The dead ones are
almost more familiar to us — ghosts of people who
drowned down where there's no light, or even blood-
drinking corpses who walked away from the hot
bright life on land and down into the depths, where
they drink the coldest blood and Sun is justa memory.
We've dealt with the dead before; we know what to
expect from them. The living things down there,
though — they're only a little bit like the creatures
Gaia made. Some say there's these wriggling things
that latch onto the spines of divers and ride all the
way up into the surface world. Some say there are
things like Thunderwyrms that learned howto breathe
water, or mock forests that look like they should be
growing in the gardens of Malfeas. Some even say
there's a whole race of children of the Wyrm down
there, living in stone cities with no light, no warmth,
no life but themselves.

It's from those depths that he came.

They call him the Drowned King, the rightful
monarch of the chasms cut into the floor of the ocean.
He was born in an earthquake, drowned ina flood, and
crowned by the Wyrm his own self and given all the
places out of Sun and Moon's sight to rule over. Down
there he eats the corpses of whales that sink to the
bottom, and the pale wriggling things with no eyes. But
what he's gota true taste for is misery, and that's why
we know about him. Because he smells it out, and he
comes up out of those dark waters on nights when the
moon isn't so bright. And when he comes to the
surface, he brings disaster. Earthquakes and storms,
and worse. People die — the People die.

They say he heaved his huge pale self up out of
the water just off the coast of Scotland some fifteen
centuries back when the White Howlers' bane-eyed
star fell. He could smell their fate, and he drank deep
of it when the first proud Howlers started to twist
and change.

After that, when he sank on back into the sea, he
went swimming over here, to what they were calling
the New World back then. The King, he played
herald to something much bigger, much worse than
himself. They saw him down near the settlement of
Roanoke, raising his crowned head out of the water
and staring at the shore. That was just before the time
that Eater-of-Souls came down on the earth, and
nearly brought the Apocalypse on early. Only way
they sent that head of the Wyrm on hack home was
for an entire tribe to die.

And where else do you think they say they saw
him? Sure thing. They saw him down in Australia,
where they called him Jarapiri. The King had come to
drink his fill of the War of Tears.

Some say that the Drowned King is tied to the
death of our race. They say that he'll rear on up out of
the waters near where the Final Battle is going to take
place, waiting for the tribes to die again. Some say that
he's gone and done, because he came up to the surface
three times, and three tribes died or near as, and all the
really important things happen in threes. Most folks
think that's being a bit optimistic, myself included.

But here's the real tale.

eee

This tale is true.

In the First Times, light and dark had not yet
been pulled apart, spirit and flesh shared one world,
and lifeand death were still one. Here in the shadows,
in the formless and dark oceans of the world, Gaia
gave birth. Her first children were not animals, nor
plants, nor any living things we know today — they

6 Past Lives


were before. They swam in the depths of Her oceans,
and they struggled among themselves. Some of those
that succeeded would make others in their image,
becoming the grandfathers of the first species. But
others grew strong, and remained alone, the first and
only things to bear their shapes. And from among
these creatures arose a King.

In the times when the Wyrm had begun to wrap
its coils around the hearts of mortals, many were the
people who turned to its profane worship. Entire
citiesarose where blasphemous chantsechoed through
deep pits and hives carved under the palaces, voices
raised in praise of Carnage, Hunger and Defilement.
It was in these times that the King, already ancient
and strong, took his throne. None know the name of
his people, for they are all gone. They did not even
give their lord and master a name, and he would not
give himself one, and this gave him great power over
them. So it was that his mastery of his city was
complete, and so it was in the other cities.

When Gaia could bear the unholy temple-cities of
the Wyrm no longer, She turned to Her favored
children. She told the children of Wolf to go to war for
Her, and their howls shook the clouds in passionate
reply. The children of Wolf raced to the cities where
the Wyrm was held in reverence, and they exacted
their Mother's revenge. The priests of Carnage were
slaughtered, their bowels strewn across their own al-
tars. The priests of Hunger were ripped apart, their
flesh thrown to the dogs in the streets. The priests of
Defilement were exterminated, their bodies mutilated
beyond recognition.

When this was done, and the Wolf-People howled
their triumph, Gaia cried out in reply. She tore open
her own flesh, and the cities fell into great chasms, and
the oceans poured in after them. The world had been
cleansed for a time, and the children of Wolf began
their vigil over humanity, to prevent such horrible
cities from rising again.

But the victory was not complete. The Wyrm still
whispered poison into the hearts of humans. Monsters
still dug their way into the bowels of the Earth, there
to breed and plot their return to the sunlit lands. And
in the toppled stones of a fallen city, deep below the
waves, the King stirred.

From the ocean he had come, and to the ocean he
had returned. The King had fallen into Death without
dying — not dead, but Drowned. Among the oldest of
things, he had fallen into disaster, and from disaster he
would be reborn. He swam deeper into Death, but
Death would not hold him. He would return to take
revenge on the children of Wolf.

Legends of the Garou: The Tale of the Shaking Sea

Ina land far from here, there was a river. To one
side, a spear of iron had marked the river; to the other,
ascar of lightning had marked it. The People watched
this land, but it was not theirs; they had raised no
caerns to their Mother, but instead walked among the
trees like ghosts.

The river reached into a sea, a sea younger than
the other waters of the world. Its waters washed over
stones that had been tumbled down by wrath long ago,
stones that were as a cairn for a forgotten people.

Then came the day when the sea shook. The flesh
of Gaia trembled and rolled. Down at the bottom of the
young sea, the stones cracked and rolled away. And
passing up through the rift, swimming out of Death and
back into Life, came the Drowned King. The sea
churned and rolled, and it rebelled against the thing
that had come into it from Death. It gave a final shove,
and cast the unborn monster from its body.

When the sea cast its waters forth, they rolled up
the river and into the valley. A vast wave bore the
ancient King to the place marked by iron and light-
ning, where it cast him down into the river, and then
retreated back to the violated sea. The King lay half in
the water and half out — half in Death and half out —
and his senses came to him, and he recognized the
smell of Wolf. The children of Wolf, the ones who had
toppled his city and drowned his people, the ones who
had drowned him.

This tale is true.

Human and wolf and Garou stood on the bank of
the swollen river. They saw the King arise. He tow-
ered up out of the water, a pale giant, a crown upon
his head and his beard lank on his chest. His eyes were
madness, and his mouth was blood. Humans fell with
fear upon the sand and were crushed beneath his feet;
wolves bayed and yelped and fled into the forests to
escape his teeth. But the Children of Wolf stood firm.
And that is why the Drowned King would be cast
down once more.

In that moment when the river was bursting, the
trees were fallen and blood stained the sand, the King
of the fallen city had a doom put upon him. For since
he had first been born, there was one thing that he did
not own —a name. They saw into his past, and they
called him the Drowned King, and thus he became.

All things that have names, have dooms. Only
that which cannot be named is beyond fate. Now the
Drowned King had a name, and a place in fate.

A blessing came upon the children of Wolf who
stood there and fought against him that day. Those
who leapt first, who howled their war cries the
loudest, were granted a great vision. They looked


outward, across the march of seasons, and saw what
was yet to come. They saw that the Drowned King
could not die this day, any more than it could truly
live. They saw winters and summer fall past, and
they saw the sea shake three more times — by night,
by wind and by sun. And at the last, they saw
themselves tear open the Drowned King with their
claws, and it fell through a hole in the sea. They saw
the ghosts of the People reach to the sky, and they
saw themselves among the ghosts.

So it was that they saw they could not slay the
Drowned King here. So it was that they saw their
deaths. But they were children of Wolf, and even
knowing these visions to be true, they chose to fight.
And they did so with the visions they had seen fresh in
their mind. They remembered the visions of their
claws cutting into its hide, and so they raked the
Drowned King's hide in the places they saw bleed, and
those wounds opened as they would in the future. They
had seen the King thrash against them and crush them,
and so they knew when to leap free of its powerful
blows. The visions of their future victory told them
what to do.

And it was this way that they drove it back into
the sea. The Drowned King knew fear for the first
time, and it opened the gates between Life and
Death. But the heroes had seen this happen, and

they were prepared.

Again, the Drowned King fell into Death without
dying. And the heroes of the People were riven from
their flesh by the hands of their own, and they fell with
the King into Death. There they swam with it, and
there they still swim.

The tale does not end here, for this was not the last
time that the sea shook. Three more times it would
come to pass. When the moon turned her face from the
Lion-born White Howlers and the Wyrm claimed
them for its own, the sea shook and the Drowned King
raised his face to a darkened sky. When the Great
Devourer consumed the hearts of the Croatan in a
hideous feast, the sea shook and the Drowned King
searched for scraps that had fallen from the table.
When the Black Spiral Dancers tricked the People
into murdering their own, the sea shook and the
Drowned King came to watch the last victim die.

The rest of the tale is unspoken.

This tale is true. One saw the Drowned King arise
in the swollen river, and told the tale. One saw the
King arise in the oceans by the Howlers' lands, and
added to the tale. One saw the King arise as herald of
the Eater of Souls in the world of flesh, and added to
the tale. One saw the King arise to feed on the murder
of the Southern Tribe, and added to the tale.

This tale is true. This tale is incomplete, and that
is also true.

Past Lives


Legends of the Garou: The Tale of the Shaking Sea



Itis indeed desirable to be well descended, but the glory

belongs to our ancestors.
— Plutarch

llth Present avd Figfyre

No culture in the World of Darkness keeps clo:
to their past than the Garou. The werewolves keep
stories of how things came to be, stories that explain
more than science can. They commune with spirits
that have been around since before the Impergium,
perform great deeds to honor their ancestors, and
struggle to overcome the problems begun long ago
with the Impergium and the Wars of Rage. Their
traditions bind them in ways that bound their fore-
bears millennia ago; they are a timeless race, now
confronted with the End Times.

43

This book is dedicated to that very <
life — the strong connections to the past, and the
history that has shaped the present state of the world.
It is a chronicle that allows the characters to walk
among living history, seeing things as their own ances-
tors did; and it is a sourcebook, offering new weapons
and wisdom brought forward out of the ages just as the
Apocalypse breaks loose. With Past Lives, the troupe
can watch the history of the Garou come full circle.

pect of Garou

Introduction: Procession of Ages 11

9

Sere rar rere ere reno are ar a repamorrensnerenra)

Past Lives is divided into two main areas of
content — the chronicle Time and Tide, and a mini-
sourcebook on ancestor-spirits and the secrets some
possess. Neither section is utterly reliant on the other,
although the two do complement one another. The
pack that runs through the events of Time and Tide will
be responsible for strengthening the connections be-
tween the Changing Breeds and the spirits of their
ancestors, thus making it easier for Storytellers to
introduce the new material in Chapter Four.

The Long View

This is a book about the power of the past—not
the continuing influence of ideas or physical environ-
ments, but the spiritual power of those who once lived
and breathed and walked upon the Earth, and how
they may still matter to future generations. In the
world of Werewolf, everything that was born must die.
But everything with a soul may linger on, if it can
escape the all-consuming madness of the Wyrm and
the many dangers that await disembodied souls in the
realms beyond the Gauntlet. Inheritance is more than
amino acids and the probabilities of recombination.
The bodies and minds of each new generation are
shaped for both good and evil by all the souls that have
come before them, even though almost no one living
fully realizes it. Virtues and vices may lay dormant for
many generations, but when the world provides the
right circumstances, living souls become the vessels for
their ancestors as well as for their own drives.

This is not a book about time travel in a science
fiction way. Werewolves do not reach the past in
machines or even through the contemplation of
mathematical mandalas. The past lies deep in the
realms of the dead, the Dark Umbra where neither
sun nor moon ever shines brightly and where the
devouring servants of the Wyrm are strongest. The
past is a place, beyond the deepest graves in the
material world, and the living reach it through the
sort of quest that the Garou take to the other remote
reaches of the Umbra. The few sages among the
Garou who understand the journey seldom take it,
because necromancy is always risky. There are times,
however, the benefits outweigh the risks. The
chronicle presented in this book offers the characters
the opportunity to break the barriers keeping some
tribes' living members separated from the souls of
their ancestors and to take part with their own ances-
tors in a long-forgotten struggle against one of the
buried evils of the world, a harbinger of Apocalypse.

Ideas matter, and players and Storytellers will
find many of them here, both game mechanics and
insights into the World of Darkness as the characters

12 Past Lives

[EE a

a SA 7 ee

experience it. They'll also find a great deal of adven-
ture, since ideas matter most when they're put into
action. It's fun to roleplay an engaging discussion of
profound ideas, but not to the exclusion of the excit-
ing doing of great deeds, so the advice here includes
applying the principles and concerns raised in this
book to your own games. It's all intended for you to
use as well as to admire.

Aateornphlont and Cxpocpapions

The chronicle Tide and Time can work with a pack
of typical starting Garou. It could even work with a
group of characters thrust into the middle of it all
immediately following First Change, if they have ac-
cess toa more experienced Storyteller character to act
as mentor at a few crucial moments.

Some players and Storytellers wonder how it is
that relatively young and weak characters end up
chosen by destiny for this sort of adventure. There are
answers at two different levels of the game.

Within the World of Darkness, the Garou labor
under the burden of unacknowledged crimes against
their intended role and the overall balance of life,
driven by an overweening pride that leads them to
reject any boundaries on the duties Gaia assigns to
them. Even well-meaning individual Garou must come
to terms with the society around them, and gradually
they lose sight of the corruption at the root of things.
Younger Garou aren't yet so tightly bound by tradi-
tional assumptions, and are therefore likely to be more
receptive to messengers seeking help of unusual kinds.
They're less likely to reject the uncomfortable out of
hand just because it's uncomfortable. This is an impor-
tant clause in the chronicle; a pack that feels no regrets
for the Garou Nations' past blunders may be entirely
plausible, but is a poor choice to achieve any sort of
progress by revisiting the past.

The theme of the unexpected heir and champion
is worldwide and ancient. The youngest sister who
ascends to the throne, young Arthur revealing himself
with the sword in the stone, the "foolish things of the
world chosen to confound the wise" in the New Tes-
tament:all show the potential power ina willing heart,
with or without any obvious talent. Werewolf takes up
the great need for Garou to repent and atone for past
wrong and the great difficulty in getting them to do so.
In this crisis of the final generation, those who have
not yet themselves become part of the problem draw
the attention of forces striving for healing change.

In the real world of players and Storytellers, it's
easier to build an adventure that works for lower-
powered characters and include some tips on scaling it
up than to try the reverse. This way, troupes new to


Werewolf can get started with a bang (and other
dramatic sounds) just as easily as troupes in ongoing
chronicles can add a new dimension to their games
already in progress.

The adventure part of this book can accommodate
characters of any tribe. Yes, that includes the tribes
whose members cannot normally take the Ancestors
Background because they're cut off from their ancestor
spirits. The story presented here includes the opportu-
nity to break through some or all of those barriers, and
in any event the characters' individual expe
not require contact with the ancestors before or after
the trip into the past.

As usual with White Wolf published chronicles,
the story isa framework rather than a complete script.
Storytellers may use it with very little or a lot of
embellishment as they wish. The omens and precur-
sors to the first big encounter might appear spread over
several episodes. The characters might spend quite a
while in the past, if the troupe would like; Dark Ages:
Werewolf provides many resources forsuchastoryline.
(It covers a somewhat later era, but most of the basics
still apply.) The consequences upon the characters'
return to the living present can of course echo through-
out the rest of the chronicle. It would presumptuous to
claim that this book covers all the possibilities; inevi-
tably, troupes come up with combinations of character
abilities, rules modifications and other adjustments
that would never have occurred to the author.

Experience and Renown awards are not listed in
a point-by-point manner; after all, a Rank Five pack
tearing through the chronicle should get less experi-
ence for it, as they won't be nearly as challenged.
Some general guidelines are offered for plot-specific
awards; otherwise, award both as normal. It's recom-
mended that Storytellers not assign experience or
Renown in the middle of the chronicle, with the
possible exception of the interlude in the past — the
characters are going to be too busy to sit down and
work on putting what they've learned into practical
skill use. Take notes, and hand outa generous helping
when the chronicle is finished; if all has gone well,
they'll have earned it.

The Chrovtife:A Sinmary

The story of Time and Tide is, as the title might
indicate, a chronicle that spans generations. It is the
story of the characters' struggle with an ancient Wyrm-
creature, the Solium Submergens — the Drowned
King. Badly wounded in a battle with Garou two
millennia ago, the Drowned King fled into the Dark

iences do

a

the descendants of the Garou who wounded it so badly
so long ago. In order to defeat the Solium Submergens,
the characters are forced to abandon their bodies and
even their very modern incarnations, their spirits
traveling down tunnels carved through the Dark Umbra
into the past — or specifically, an animistic incarna-
tion of the past. There, they possess the bodies of their
very ancestors, and relive the first fight with the
Solium Submergens. Their time in the past finished,
the characters return to their own bodies in their own
time, witnessing several key events in Garou history
on the return voyage. There, they confront the Solium
Submergens for the final time, and win a victory of
great significance. Their success opens several doors
left barred, and frees many ancestor-spirits to join the
Final Battle with renewed vigor.

This last point — the strengthening of bonds
between the Garou and the spirits of their ancestors
— is the key point of the chronicle. The characters
have a chance to tip the scales of the Apocalypse
ever so slightly, bringing a faint ray of hope into the
End Times.

thing Tht B00k

The most obvious way to use Past Lives is to run
the Time and Tide chronicle, thus opening up the
elements of Chapter Four for use in stories taking place
after Time and Tide. You can of course modify the
chronicle, or disregard it utterly and cut right to
throwing some new Gifts in your players' paths.

In fact, some modification of the chronicle is
likely necessary for any Storyteller. It's almost impos-
sible for an author or developer to gauge the composi-
tion of the "average pack"; even the difference be-
tween apack of four Rank One Garou anda pack of five
Rank Two Garou is large enough to throw a wrench
into making a truly generic chronicle. Some statistics
will need to be adjusted to properly challenge your
pack; in fact, some will have to be generated whole
cloth, considering the dozens of potential antagonists
orallies in the events of Act III alone (for which, alas,
space forbids inclusion of sample statistics). Take the
opportunity to personalize the chronicle to your play-
ers' pack as much as possible; that's the difference
between a bland off-the-shelf plotline and a riveting
chronicle players will talk about for years.

The Tale of the Shaking Sea is tied directly to the
events of Time and Tide. It is the most complete record
the Garou have of the Solium Submergens and its first
appearance, as kept alive in the oral history of the
Uktena. (The narrator of the Tale is presumed to be an
Uktena from the American Midwest, although of

Umbra, where it recovered its strength. It resurfaces in 4
the modern world, confronting the players' pack — Course the Storyteller may choose a different Garou to
Introduction: Procession of Ages 13

|

Sere err serene caren aren cae arom sn remessmsrrwrensenarenv

relate the Tale to the characters, ifatall.) In the course
of their investigations during Act I, the Storyteller
may choose to relate the Tale of the Shaking Sea,
providing the characters with some knowledge —
imprecise and unclear though it may be — about the
terrible thing they face.

Act I: Rise of the King details the pack discover-
ing their underlying bond of destiny, and their con-

Time Traef?

Although the Time and Tide chronicle does
involve the characters' consciousness inhabiting
the bodies of their ancestors, and reliving the
events of history, it isn't a time travel scenario as
popular opinion tends to define it. In fact, it's our
recommendation that Storytellers not use the
term "time travel" at all when running the
chronicle; it's a loaded phrase, tending to invoke
visions of science-fictiony gizmos and moral di-
lemmas over whether to assassinate Hitler or not.

Rather than the characters themselves travel-
ing through time with full freedom to explore
whatever strikes their fancy, this scenario is more
truly about "Past Lives" — the characters experi-
encing the lives of their ancestors as if remember-
ing in detail the events of a prior incarnation. It's
more like the Mnesis quests of the Mokolé — a
form of remembering ancient history by being
there. This scenario doesn't concern itself with
the ability to rewrite the present by changing
events in the past; the outcome of the events of
Act II is presumed to be the default outcome on
which the present is based. If the characters try to
send a messenger to the White Howlers to warn
them about their fall, they find that in the four
hundred years between Act II's events and the
Howlers' fall, the message was somehow mislaid,
ignored or misinterpreted. The actions they take
already happened. The idea is not to change the
past, but to experience it as ir was, and to learn
from it. At the end of the chronicle, the characters
are unlike any other Garou in the world — they
are witn
in the course of history.

Of course, some Storytellers may embrace the
idea of allowing the characters to change events
wholesale, leading to an alternate-future storyline,
or even a slew of them. For those Storytellers, we
salute your daring, but can offer no real support;
the can of worms opened by full-contact time
travel scenarios is best left to the individual troupe.
You can predict your players' actions far better
than we can.

es to some of the most dramatic events

14 Past Lives

aan mana is a a maa aa ina aS

frontation with the monster from the past that has
come to destroy them. The Solium Submergens is
inexorably drawn to the characters— the descendants
of those who wounded it so long ago — and the
characters are drawn to it in turn. Their confrontation
goes poorly forthe Garou, however, and they are slain.
However, their ancestor-spirits do not pass on in the
usual fashion — instead, they travel through the
tunnels that the Solium Submergens cut through the
Dark Umbra, back into the past.

Act II: Living History takes place in the year 31
BCE, in Eastern Europe. The characters, now inhabit-
ing the bodies of their ancestors, find themselves
waiting by the stretch of the Danube where the Solium
is destined to emerge. While there, they explore the
area, interact with both Roman and Dacian locals, and
learn something about the concerns of the Garou of
the age. The act closes with the earthquake and flood
that heralds the arrival of the Drowned King, devastat-
ing the human villages and initiating the legendary
battle mentioned in the Tale of the Shaking Sea. At
the close of the battle, a potent rite separates the
characters' spirits from their ancestors' bodies, binding
them to the Solium Submergens, which begins its
flight towards the future.

Act IIL: Witnesses details the characters' journey
back to their modern selves, a twisted journey through
the Dark Umbra in which they relive several signifi-
cant events from the Garou's past. In particular, they
are on hand for the fall of the White Howlers, the
sacrifice of the Croatan, and the War of Tears. Al-
though the characters cannot affect actual history,
their actions in these Umbral reflections of time may
open channels for a few ancestor-spirits of the Lost to
return. Finally, the characters are reunited with their
own bodies, and face the final confrontation with the
Solium Submergens. Success here is a victory not just
for the characters, but also for the Garou as a whole.

Chapter Four: Ancestral Wisdom is, in essence,
amini-sourcebook on ancestor-spirits in general, both
as called by the Background and as spirits encountered
in a more general sense. There are also a plethora of
Gifts taught by ancestor-spirits of the Lost — the
Garou tribes of the Bunyip, Croatan and White Howl-
ers, and the Lost Breeds of the Apis, Camazotz and
Grondr. These Gifts are not ordinarily available to
Garou (or indeed to any other Changing Breed), but if
the chronicle is successfully completed, characters
may be able to meet ancestor-spirits that may teach
these Gifts.

A Five Nope

The chronicle of Time and Tide is an unusual beast.
On the surface, it may seem as though it's a simple

|


railroading affair, with the characters essentially un-
able to do as they please and watch whatever comes of
it. The pack cannot prevent the fall of the White
Howlers, undo the sacrifice of the Croatan or end the
War of Tears. The trick is that the chronicle itself is
about the events of history, but not about changing
history. The characters cannot undo the past, but they
can change the present — if they acquit themselves
with honor, compassion and courage throughout the

a

chronicle, their bravery will increase the connection
between the Garou and their ancestors. Characters
acting in the knowledge that it will likely do no good,
but who insist on doing the tight thing anyway, are the
heroes. Those who persevere, who demonstrate the
Garou virtues of Honor, Glory and Wisdom, will be
rewarded in ways they don't anticipate.

But if they could anticipate them, it wouldn't be
nearly as heroic, would it!

Lntroduction: Procession of Ages 15



Time nor tide tarrieth no man
— Robert Greene, Disputations

Prolegue: Cup of the Dee

In the endless darkness of the Dark Umbra, the
Solium Submergens — the Drowned King — is swim-
ming toward the living world, The characters, who do
not yet know how they're marked by contact with it,
experience the first warning tremors. Previously un-
known ancestors begin whispering to them. They
wake with fleeting memories of dreams about things
that happened long ago.

Something is.clearly wrong, and for some:as yet
unexplained reason, the characters' pack are the only
ones who can sense it

The events of the Prologue are nota scene in their
‘a series of visions and visita-

own right; rather, the
tions that foreshadow the events of Time and Tide. The
Storyteller should introduce these strange prophetic
glimpses and flashes slowly at first, but as the Solium
Submergens draws nearer to the material world, the
characters themselves become directly affected. Char-
acters who have the Ancestors Background may use it
twice per session rather than once; characters who
don't have it may add a die to one Gnosis roll per

session. In either case, characters feel increasingly
urgent messages from ancestors whose spirits have lain
quiet for a very long time — spirits they have never
heard from before now. The ancestral voices sound
strange, with unfamiliar accents and dropping below
characters' threshold of hearing just after helping out
with particularly urgent matters. These effects remain
in play throughout Act I (though they end before Act
Il begins)

Characters are likely to wonder about this height-
ened ancestral awareness — they certainly should,
since it's not part of the normal Garou experience at
all. Some common means of investigation include:

© Ancestors Background: Characters who pos-
sess this Background can certainly try contacting their
ancestors to see what is affecting this ability so. Any
ancestors from the last two thousand years say that the
new arrivals are older than the ones the character
questions. The new arrivals themselves say that "the
tide is still rising" and that the time for explanations
hasn't yet arrived.

Act I: Rise of the King 17

SNE aN


|

Enigmas: Characters who achieve five successes
onan Intelligence + Enigmas roll arrive at the conclu-
sion that the anomalous behavior seems to be more
tied to some event surrounding the ancestor-spirits
themselves than the characters. Whatever is pushing
these newly emergent ancestor-spirits to become more
active, it is more likely an as yet undetermined exter-
nal factor than some peculiarity of the characters'
abilities. Maybe.

* Sense Wyrm: The characters are not tainted by
the Wyrm. Even a single success on a difficulty 8 roll
will verify that the strange happenings are not directly
tainted. However, 3 or more successes reveal that the
newly emergent ancestor-spirits are in some way inti-
mately bound to a force of the Wyrm. No number of
successes can tell whether the association isa damning
one or not.

© Totem: Totems of Respect can tell that the new
arrivals have been involved in something momentous,
long ago but not yet completed, and sense something
dead returning to life. Totems of War sense the veter-
ans of a war that simultaneously ended long ago and
has yet to begin. Totems of Wisdom sense a secret
which the new arrivals preserve for the good of the
characters, and which the totem cannot yet extract.
Totems of Cunning find no trickery at work, only an

honest mystery.

Players are often suspicious of anything without an
obvious explanation (and too often this sort of paranoia
n entirely sensible response to plots foisted upon
them). The upshot of the above possible routes for
investigation, and any others that the characters may

a 27 a

Preparatory Work

Act I should require relatively little prepara-
tory work; most of the events are easily customized
on the fly, without too much meddling with statis-
tics. The most important thing to cover is ensuring
that the Solium Submergens is strong enough to
threaten the pack, and to kill a few pack members
if it really tries. Other useful elements of prepara-
tion include selecting a figure from the game to
represent the lost mentor in Scene 6, and beginning
work on defining the characters' ancestors who
took part in the initial battle against the Solium in
31 BCE. Only a general sketch of each ancestor
(gender, auspice, tribe, general description) is nec-
essary now, as they appear only in glimpses, in
ancestor-spirit form. Still, having this much infor-
mation to share will greatly help flesh out the
ancestors for Act II, and provide some foreshadow-
ing that will tie the acts together more tightly.

Awattag Cobvctdence, kit If?"

Players are likely to ask this question early on.
Characters may wonder about it as well. The
answer is that the manipulations of fate look like
a massive coincidence at the outset, but in the
course of play characters and others will do their
part to arrange the historical circumstances them-
selves. It works this way because it has already
worked this way, from the vantage point of the
world as a whole.

try, is that the arriving ancestors are in factnota menace
themselves but a harbinger of something coming.

This initial period of foreboding can last as long as it
suits the Storyteller. A pack of new cubs may well emerge
from their First Changes with these mysterious ancestors
speaking to them from the very beginning. Ina chronicle
that includes substantial periods of downtime between
bouts of action, the ancestors might appear while the
characters are otherwise at rest, with weeks or months of
mysterious communication before the next step. In the
absence of other considerations, the characters should
deal with the new arrivals for a few weeks.

Characters bib out Ancestors

Yes, these mysterious arrivals also speak to charac-
ters from tribes that cannot normally take the Ancestors
Background, or to characters that don't possess any dots
in Ancestors. The spirits speak more quietly to such
werewolves, but speak they do. If the characters don't
realize this is very unusual, then any Storyteller-con-
trolled werewolves they consult with likely will. The
Storyteller may smile mysteriously and promise expla-
nations later, if players persist in demanding answers.

Jeewe 1: The Ritog Tide

Asthe Solium Submergens rises toward the present,
it encounters more and more spirits after centuries
spent isolated with only its hunters for companions.
One of these is a water elemental that had traveled
down into the Dark Umbra following an underground
stream. The Solium Submergens devoured most of the
elemental's essence, killing it ina moment and filling
the corpse with the Solium's own rage toward the
characters responsible for the killer's torments. The
dead elemental broke free of the Solium and made its
own way into the world in an attempt to relieve its
suffering by punishing the characters.

The Fiest Portenkt

On the first night of the next new moon, the
characters share a dream in which symbols of death rise

18 Past Lives

[EE Te ee ee


&
u

ip from the nearest substantial body of water to
drift toward and around them. Depending on
where the chronicle takes place, this might be
~" a river, reservoir, lake or ocean, The dream-
symbols of death may be stronger if they are
appropriate to the characters' tribes; for in-
stance, a Silent Strider might see pale croco-
diles, while a Fianna might see pale hounds
with red ears and eyes.

The characters wake to find that all the
water in their various dwellings has suffered a
peculiar blighting. The spirits that normally
inhabitithaveall fled, and the water lacks both

oxygen and its normal viscosity. It rolls thick
and slow, more like tar than water. Seen from
the Umbra, the affected water looks matte
black, unreflective and faintly chilly. Every few
minutes, a tremor passes through it, stirring
sluggish ripples.

Sense Wyrm reveals distinct. Wyrm-taint
with a difficulty 7 roll. Normal Lupus senses, or
senses strengthened with a
Gift such as Heightened
Senses, find the tainted
water faintly acrid with
a smell reminiscent of
rot and decomposition,

b

though there's nothing

dead in the water. A Per-
ception + Enigmas roll, dif-
ficulty 6, lets a character
notice that the ripples
stirred up by the occasional
tremors point toward the
body of water the characters
dreamed of. Three or more
successes let the character
see that the ripples skew
slightly in a huge arc, as if
the tainted water here were
part of a whirlpool centered
on the place in her dreams.
Characters consulting their
ancestors hear the new artiv-
als whisper that the water is
tainted by the "herald" of
something it's still not time to
identify.

As the day goes on, the
characters find thesame blight
afflicting the water around
them anywhere they stay fora
half-hour or more. When they're gone for half


|

an hour, normal vitality returns. For the first hour after
each character wakes, normal people around them
don't notice the change in the water, though animals
detect it and find it repellant. After an hour, it's
obvious even to people without any supernatural pow-
ers, and bystanders who connect it to the characters
naturally wonder just what's going on. The Storyteller
may play this source of tension up or not as it suits the
pace of the story. Healing gifts and rites return a cubic
yard of water to normal for one minute per health level
that the power would normally cure, after which the
dead taint returns.

If the characters haven't gone to the body of
water they dreamed of by sunset, the deadness effect
comes on more quickly (within minutes) of their
arrival in a new locale and lasts an hour or more after
they go. The ripples pointing toward the place of
their dreams also grow stronger, sloshing out of open
containers. If any of the characters complain about
being railroaded, spirits and ancestors they consult
readily agree that the tapestry of fate s
very little room for give here.

The Source

Throughout the afternoon and evening, the dead
water elemental responsible for these disturbances
swims up from the Dark Umbra on its way toward the
characters. Characters searching the darker reaches of
the Umbra notice it if they win an opposed roll, their
Gnosis against the elemental's. The difficulty for this
contest is 9 before noon, 8 after noon or 7 after sunset.
At midnight on the second night of the full moon, the
elemental breaks through the Gauntlet to take on
physical form, if they haven't stopped it by then.

Dead Water Gernertaf

Willpower 6, Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Essence 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Blast, Flood, Materialize,
Short Out, Tracking

Image: The elemental resembles a waterfall flow-
ing uphill, its top end dissolving into mist. In it float
the drowned corpses of the spirits of some of the area's
wildlife.

Most of the elemental's personality passed away
when the Solium killed it, and it picked up some of
the Solium's own drives. It's in constant pain and
filled with a largely undirected rage. It knows that
somehow the characters are responsible for its misery,
and feels drawn to them. It tries its best to make them
stop whatever it is they're doing that subjected it to
this terrible dead existence. There's little room for
subtlety in the elemental's approach. Tracking lets it
identify the characters and know whether to hunt
them within the Umbra or across the Gauntlet. It

ems to have

2

Sia

a A ne

lacks elementals' normal ability to reform — when it
loses all its Essence, it will die the rest of the way.
That would suit it just fine. Its nature does not allow
it tocommitsuicide, but itcan and is proceeding with
reckless disregard for self-preservation.

The Pgh

Given the opportunity, the dead water elemental
fights until it's extinguished and then perishes with a
distinct sigh of relief. It has little room for strategy or
subtlety, and relentlessly pursues the characters wher-
ever they go.

Spirits the characters command or have alli-
ances with gladly join in the fight, if the spirits
possess any useful combat abilities, The dead el-
emental exudes a reek of wrongness evident to all
spirits in the area. Those who can do nothing about
ir flee, as best they can, and those who can put a stop
it to it willingly try. The elemental may well find
itself fleeing back and forth across the Gauntlet,
using any path of dead water as described above as a
way to make the crossing.

Finally, the characters may manage to bind the
spirit itself. Unfortunately for the clever executors of
such a scheme, the spirit wastes away and dies within
minutes of its confinement. Cut off from the sustaining
power flowing up from the realms of the dead, there
just isn't enough to keep it going.

The spirit's very last act, under whatever circum-
stances it perishes, is to say the words "Solium
Submergens." Characters who know Latin can imme-
diately translate this, and so can any available ances-
tors or spirits who know Latin. Otherwise, it takes a
success on a difficulty 6 roll of Intelligence + Com-
puter, Enigmas or Investigation to establish that the
spirit said something that means "Drowned King." It
shouldn't be clear whether the spirit was referring to
itself or something else.

Afpertnafls: Phynpers Ptuted,

Clearly something strange is going on. Other Fera
in the area on speaking terms with the characters (if
any) may report brief outbreaks of the dead-water
phenomenon, but none encountered anything like the
dead elemental. If the chronicle has featured Pentex or
other noteworthy Wyrm-related antagonists in the
past, characters may well want to go examine them
again. Struggles with servants of the Wyrm are always
in order, but in fact none of the usual suspects are
connected to the Solium Submergens.

The characters' clash with the dead elemental
unleashes rumors that make their way to the ears of
those who listen for reports of such things. Two days

Past Lives

a i ae 7 _


later, the Dead Man's Hand team, as described in
Werewolf, pp. 287-289, arrives to capture or de-
stroy the characters. Dead Man's Hand watches
froma distance at first, with the aid of long-distance
surveillance gear, trying to figure out precisely what
is going on. Characters won't notice this first phase
of surveillance unless players win a contested, ex-
tended roll of the werewolves' Perception + Alert-
ness against the watchers' Intelligence + Stealth,
both difficulty 7. The Storyteller can make this roll
in secret or tell the players that there's something
vaguely troubling the characters as suits the style of
a particular chronicle.

Dead Man's Hand watches for one full week in any
event, longer ifthe characters continue to move around
a lot. They close in only when they feel they under-
stand the characters' routine well, so the absence of a
strong routine postpones confrontation. Direct battle
with Dead Man's Hand is likely to be costly to the
characters, if the Storyteller plays them with the
competency described in their write-up.

Jena 2: To fle Shore

One week after the
elemental, the characters have another shared dream.
A huge dark mass rises out of the ocean nearest to
where they are that night, spreading a black poisonous
current throughout the sea. The spotis easily recogniz-
able, a prominent landmark seen in postcards and
tourism commercials. It's near civilization, but out of
view of major cities, so that there's easy access to it
without losing a certain sense of isolation. Everything
touched by the black tide dies in terrible agony. The
mass itself tunnels through the seaas worms do through
soil, leaving behind tunnels that pierce the skin of the
world like wounds in the Gauntlet. When the charac-
ters wake, the dead water phenomenon is back, now
pointing to the stretch of shore in their dreams.

Investigation, if the characters conduct it, pro-
ceeds as before, except that now the recently arrived
ancestors say that "the king is coming." Characters

encounter with the dead

Act I: Rise of the King


Seren ere. seren earner ary a remumserrensenarenv

a AA

may wish to search for known monsters resembling
the thing in their dreams. With a total of three
successes on rolls of Intelligence + Enigmas or Inves-
tigation, difficulty 7, they learn that the motif of the
dark aquatic tunneler does occur in folklore of vari-
ous Eastern European cultures, and survives in weak-
ened forms in fairy tales and children's songs among
immigrants from the countries around the Black Sea.
With a total of six successes (these rolls may be both
cooperative and extended, for the sake of packs that
happen not to include any super-geniuses or world-
academicians), the characters can more pre-
cisely pin down the stories as originating shortly
before the start of the Christian era and find specula-
tion that some unknown species of large sea creature
was thrown up during the earthquake that shook the
region in 31 BCE.

Garou lore can add little to this, since the myster-
ies of the sea are primarily the concern of other
Changing Breeds. It does include the story presented
at the start of this book, the Tale of the Shaking Sea.
The Storyteller may add it in at any point during this
part of the adventure, providing characters with
some food for thought. (Permission is granted to
photocopy those pages for personal use, although if
you have patient players, reading the story aloud in
the spirit of the oral tradition might work much
better.) The default keeper of the Tale of the Shaking
Sea is an Uktena Galliard from the Midwest, but feel
free to substitute a Garou more suitable for your
chronicle. The important thing is that the person
who relates the tale to the pack is the only one who
knows the story, at least to his knowledge — the only
other one to know the whole tale was the one who
taught it to him, and his mentor died some time ago
Now it's just him — and the pack. (If you choose to
make things a little trickier, you can present only the
third part of the tale, without the extra context
provided by the first section. This will keep things
more mysterious, which may not be for everyone.)

During all this time, Dead Man's Hand continues
its surveillance of the pack. Anything that makes
werewolves worried interests the First Team very
much. Each day the characters conduct their inves
gation, characters who succeed in a Perception +
Primal-Urge ora Gnosis roll, difficulty 7, are aware of
being watched by someone and may make opposed
rolls of their Perception + Primal-Urge or Alertness
against one of the Dead Man's Hand member's Wits
+ Stealth. Both these rolls are difficulty 6. If the
watchers realize they've been spotted or are attacked,
they withdraw from the immediate vicinity and con-
centrate on electronic surveillance and monitoring
of the characters' activities via credit card expenses

22 Past Lives

NS Ne ES ee

and the like. The watchers try to withdraw immedi-
ately if they're attacked.

Characters consulting higher-ranking Garou can
find litcle information, but a fair amount of concern.
Many elders are aware of the rising pace of events that
are either directly predicted in prophesies or seem to be
associated with them, and are on the lookout for more
such signs. If the characters relate the Tale of the
Shaking Sea, any Galliard can tell that it's a mystery
tale, and incomplete by definition — is it now coming
to fruition with these youngsters in the role of latter-
day champions? If so, the characters may face a grave
challenge. But there's an even more sinister possibil-
ity: someone or something may be setting the charac-
ters up to believe that they're chosen by tate this way to
lure them into certain doom. Prophecy's necessary
obscurity and incompleteness makes it amenable to
many uses, and Gaia's will does not apparently extend
to stopping fraud unless Her thinking creations can
discover and punish it. A sympathetic Galliard or
Ragabash elder may warn the characters to be on their
guard as they proceed.

Inthe end, any such councilors the characters seek
out advise them to follow the lead given in their
dreams and the behavior of the dead water, at least for
now. They should remain in touch with other packs in
their sept, if they have that option, or at least with
some other Garou capable of lending assistance in the
event of an emergency.

How difficult the trip to the sea is depends on
where the characters are as this adventure begins.
Characters who live in a coastal area are already on the
spot. Those who live within a few hours' drive of the
open sea can get there without much fuss. If the
characters are more removed than that, it takes more
effort. Here, for a change, fate supports the characters.
Bosses of homid Garou prove much more cooperative
than usual. Characters who need money find some
lying loose or stumble onto it through other fortuitous
means like unexpected refund checks for overpaid
bills. If they book airline seats, they get the benefit of
last-minute cancellations on the most convenient
flights. Traffic on the road is fraught with accidents
that never quite slow them down. If the Storyteller
wants to add a note of tension to the trip, show
misfortune happening to others nearby, and some-
times quite obvious interventions of fate, like an out-
of-control carswerving without explanation at the last
moment to hit some innocent bystander. Fate is not
kind about these things.

Characters choosing to travel through the Umbra
encounter comparably favorable breaks. They get an
automatic extra success on rolls related to crossing the


Gauntlet and traveling in the Umbra as long as they're
heading toward the sea. They can still fail as usual if
players roll no successes, but if they succeed at all, they
succeed substantially. Troublesome spirits get out of
their way, not wishing to incur destiny's wrath just now.

(The downside of this predestination made mani-
fest is that Dead Man's Hand enjoys similar fortune in
tracking the characters. Something has apparently
decreed that they, too, will be on hand for the confron-
tation with the Solium Submergens when it rises.)

One way or another, the characters should finish
this scene staying somewhere they can see the particu-
lar spot that appeared in their dreams.

JSiene 3:
Cath and Sea Cufraged,

An hour before sunrise the day after they arrive
at the shore, the Solium Submergens breaks through
the Gauntlet deep below the ocean surface. The
shock of its arrival in the world triggers a severe
earthquake, which does not play precisely by the rules
of normal tectonics.

Everyone within ten miles of the characters feels
the earthquake at full force; it drops to half intensity for
the next ten miles, and lacks power to do anything
more than rattle windows beyond that. Those in the
affected area must roll Strength or Dexterity (which-
ever is lower) + Alertness to avoid falling over. In the
area of full strength, the difficulty for this roll is 9; in
the half-strength zone the difficulty is 6. Those who
fail fall and suffer the usual falling damage. Round up
when figuring distances, so that someone falling out of

On Nof Curdotng Ua

The Storyteller does not in fact have to roll
damage for every single bit of the earthquake zone.
You can if you'd like to, but the characters won't
be going to most of the area, so it would mostly be
an exercise in maniacal completeness. It suffices
for most chronicles to roll for the blocks where
characters are, fornew blocks and equivalentareas
as the characters go through them and perhaps for
a few representative areas with prominent land-
marks. Assume that the range of the first few such
rolls reflects the average damage throughout the
zone. There's a point where extra detail stops
enhancing everyone's understanding of the game
situation and starts boring everyone but the per-
son making many many rolls and looking at a few
tables many many times.

AL ENR

bed or from a standing position down to the floor takes
one level of soakable bashing damage.

Foreach city block or equivalent area (one-fifth to
one-tenth of a mile on each side), roll 12 dice and
consult the feats of strength table on Werewolf, p. 197,
to see how much damage that area suffers. 8 successes
collapse unreinforced buildings, while 10 successes
topple most structures that aren't built to modern
earthquake safety codes — that includes most build-
ings more than twenty years old and more recent ones
whose builders paid off inspectors and other complica-
tions. Those inside collapsing structures take double
normal falling damage, from the combination of the
fall itself and being pummeled by debris. Use the feats
of strength table to determine when cars and other
objects in the area get tossed around. Glass and other
brittle substances shatter, leaving behind sharp shards.
Anyone running in the area until the mess is cleaned
up must make a Dexterity + Alertness roll, difficulty 6,
to avoid taking one level of soakable bashing damage.
(People moving at walking speed or less can steer
around the hazards.) Downed power lines pose the risk
of electrocution, equivalent to a chemical fire as de-
scribed on Werewolf, p. 188, and easily ignitable
flammable materials burn.

Comparable effects strike the Umbra at the same
time. For each square mile in the full-force zone, roll 12
dice. Spirits whose Gnosis is equal to or less than the
number of success for that part of the earthquake zone
are knocked unconscious, and wake up again in (2 +
successes) hours. All but the strongest Umbral struc-
tures shatter or collapse and must be reassembled. The
ground continues to tremble throughout the rest of the
day, requiring the same roll that people in the material
world must make to avoid broken glass. The Umbra of
the half-force zone suffers only mild tremors, insuffi-
cient to inflict actual damage.

Presumably the characters are awake very shortly
after the earthquake strikes, if not before; so is every-
one else in the area who isn't knocked unconscious,
drugged or otherwise very deeply removed from con-
sciousness. Land telephone lines are down, and local
TV and radio stations are off the air for one hour per
success on the damage roll for their area. Local cell
phone relay towers are also down, cutting off anyone
witha cell phone that lacks roaming coverage. Incom-
ing and outgoing lines are quickly swamped by people
trying to get word to or from people they know in the
area, and non-emergency calls are subject to forcible
disconnection by emergency services. This doesn't
solve the problem for more than a few seconds. A
general panic ensues, particularly if the zone is in some
part of the world that doesn't often get earthquakes.

Act I: Rise of the King 23

SS ae SE A Fe SN

|

the characters would
e promptly. But the

Under normal circumstance
likely seek to get somewhere e
dead-water phenomenon continues, and today it ex-
tends to include all liquids and some other substances.
Flames have a tendency to flap in the direction of the
point the characters dreamed of. Any teetering dam-
aged walls fall to point in that direction. Lines of
people waiting for emergency medical attention or
other services run directly toward or away from that
ms in each casi
Jually. The newly

point — for apparently obvious re:

with the pattern emerging only gre
arrived ancestors speak more strongly now, warning
that the Drowned King is at hand, and is coming for
revenge on the characters. They do not explain whz

the characters did to warrant revenge, saying that the
answer to that must have come in other ways. (Note
the past tense; the spirits are having as much trouble as
anyone else would in speaking of time travel.)

Just before suntise, almost an hour after the earth-
quake, a tsunami caused by disturbances far below
arrives. The surf recedes far out from the normal
shoreline, anywhere from a few dozen yards to half a
mile or more depending on how steeply the bottom
drops off here. A few minutes later, a twenty-five-foot

high tidal wave roars in. The wave strikes with a force
of 15 dice on the feats of strength table, and anyone on
the beach must get more successes on a Strength +
Alertness check, difficulty 6, than the Storyteller does
on the roll forthe wave to remain standing. Characters
take a level of soakable bashing damage for every two
sses they needed and didn't get. For example, if

succe
the Storyteller rolls 9 successes, a character whose
player rolls 7 or 8 successes is pushed over and takes one
level of damage, while a character with 5 or 6 successes
takes two levels, andsoon. It is very likely that the tidal
wave kills many people on the beach. The wave's
strength drops to 12 dice once fifty yards inland, to 9
dice a hundred yards further, and down to 6 dice a
quarter mile inland. The last ineffectual surges lap to
a halt half a mile from the shore, and the water then
flows back out wherever it can,

The tidal wave extinguishes any fires within the
impact zone. Italso overloadsand shatters many drain-
age systems, depleting water available for firefighting
and bursting mains. Drinking water will be scarce until
the damage can be fixed, a matter of days or we f
work with appropriate power equipment.

A


The chaos created this morning attracts the atten-
tion of both Wyld and Wyrm-spirits, both of which take
advantage of the situation. Some desperate people yield
to temptation and become fomori, developing powers to
increase their chances ofsurvival. Prevailingshock grants
the werewolves a bit of extra protection in the midst of all
this. Treat bystanders' Willpower for purposes of De-
lirium effects as 3 lower than usual until midday, 2 lower
for the rest of the day, and 1 lower for the next week.
People who've woken up to a massive earthquake and
seen a tidal wave blast the ruins just aren't paying full
attention and are very likely to have quite a few bouts of
misperception and confusion. A pack of roving werewolves
is just one more weirdness right then, and most people's
emotions are strained far enough as it is.

What characters do for the next few hoursafter the
tidal wave recedes is up to them. They know that
something's coming and that it is connected to them
in some mysterious way, but for the moment their
choices are their own. There are plenty of opportuni-
ties to help, to try to stay out of the way and to prey, as
seems wise. (Lupus Garou that hate humanity will
seldom get a better opportunity to run amok in the
midst of a city.) The Storyteller should be generous
with grants of Willpower to characters acting in accor-
dance with their nature in response to the disaster,
whether that means helping or hurting others.

Some typical encounters in the interval before the
Solium Submergens appears include;

¢ A person trapped beneath heavy debris—too much
forany normal person to move, but within the capabilities
of Glabro or Hispo form. Do the characters help?

* A factory orshop full of contaminated chemicals
has cracked open, releasing both toxic waste and many
Banes looking for the chance to make more trouble.
Debris, fires and flooding make it impossible for regular
sncy services to get there anytime soon. Do the
ters try to deal with the problem?

* Shaky buildings collapse in front of and behind
the characters, trapping them in a short section of
street along with twice their number of normal people.
Thedead-water phenomenon callsthe characters closer
to the shore. How do they deal with getting out of their
current jam, and with what consequences?

When the characters finally do get to the small
promontory that featured in their dreams, they have it
to themselves. The dead-water phenomenon disturbs
many people who don't consciously perceive it, and
there'sa general aura of foreboding about the spot. The
characters have at least one hour to rest, heal if
necessary, and try to figure out what all of this means

rs LA EY ER en me

Act I: Rise of the King

Jéene 9: The Dronned Kg

Everything that's happened so far has been a
warm-up, getting the characters into position and in
the right frame of mind. Now the main event begins.

Half a mile or so offshore, a whirlpool suddenly
forms. The dead water around the characters begins
spinning as if it were part of the whirlpool, and very
suddenly it is, as the whirlpool rushes to spread around
the characters. The promontory they occupy is now
cut off by the whirlpool, which rapidly cuts channels
for itself through sand and rock. The mouth of the
whirlpool is ten yards across, and the characters can
peer down into what seem like endless depths. Depths
in which something stirs

The Sobinrs Sipbergent

In the earliest ages of the world, there were many
unique creatures, before any such notion as "species"
took hold of the world's imagination. One of them was
athing rather like a giant earthworm that made its way
through the deepest ocean currents. There's a system
of currents flowing very slowly at the bottom of the
ocean, taking thousands of years to make a complete
cycle around the globe. The sea worm lived there,
feeding on everything else that called the greatest
deeps home. That far removed from the regions where
sun and moon shine and most things live, the Gauntlet
wears thin, and the sea worm swam easily in and out of
the material world. So itfed on spirits as well asanima
and plants, and took on a little of the nature of each
thing it devoured, Slowly, as some benthic creatures
swam alongside it and the remains of the things that
live closer to the surface settled down after death, the
sea worm grew, and grew, and grew.

The first time it saw the light of day was sometime
during the War of Rage, when a storm rite unleashed
by some now-forgotten faction of Garou against some
equally forgotten enemy dragged the sea worm up to
the surface along with many other creatures. The
greatly reduced pressure and blistering sunlight drove
it insane with pain. Its dying throes attracted a swarm
of Banes to it, who gave it the strength to return to the
depths. There they gnawed away at its soul, filling it
with a perpetual aching sense of contamination from
all the thingsirhad eaten. Only fresh consumption can
ease the pain, but then digestion makes the sea worm
once again feel that it's losing its own self to these
poisonous outside entities.

The second time it saw daylight was in 31 BC. The
sea worm was swimming along the bortom of the Black
Sea when a massive earthquake struck the s

Is

va floor.

|

Seren ere ree creme nes i aren rem csnurrenamearena

The Black Sea is shallower than the sea worm cared
for, but the Wyrm-blighted ruins of civilizations
drowned in prehistoric floods provided it with nour-
ishment that enriched its fomori as well as its own
body. The earthquake disrupted currents atall levels of
the sea with a series of prolonged shock waves. Up-
ward-bound surges carried the worm once again to the
hateful realms above. This time, though, the worm was
strengthened by the Banes and it could attack small
creatures along the seashore that reminded it of those
responsible for its original agony. Those. creatures,
humans and Garou, saw the worm's pale bulk and
crown-like head and dubbed it the Drowned King.

The full details of that battle are provided in Act I];
fate has chosen the characters to play a part in it. In the
end, the Drowned King—the Solium Submergens, as
the Roman overlords of the region called it — was
driven away without sating its hunger, back into the
deep sea. Direly wounded, it drifted into abyssal realms
and beyond, into the secrets of the Dark Umbra...
accompanied by Garou spiritually bonded with it, and
transformed so as to survive away from sun and air.
Nearly all the sea worm's mind had now gone. From
time to time currents would carry it up toward the
surface, but it always managed to dive back again before
experiencing the terrible scalding weight of sunlight or
even moonlight undimmed by thousands of feet of
water. Always it struck ar the Garou accompanying it,
and always they struck at it, each wearing the other
down withour ever reaching a point of death or victory.

A few years before the present, the Solium
Submergens began to smell a familiar spiritual aroma.
It had never forgotten the vile things that hurt it so
badly, and now here were essences of those little
creatures loose in the world again. Its Banes sent calls
up into the world to lure the characters into position.
The Garou debated what to do in response to this, and
chose a few of their number to go up after the Banes'
traps. These are the ancestral voices that started speak-
ing to the characters at the start of this adventure. The
Solium continued its slow swim all the while, aiming
to make another charge at its old enemies despite the
misery it knew it would suffer in the process. Any
amount of pain would be worth bearing if only the
enemies could be killed.

This is the third time the Solium will see daylight.
If it can vanquish its Garou enemies, it will be free to
heal itself at last, and take on a world whose spiritual
defenses are greatly diminished. It would be a good time
to usher in a new age of chaos and destruction beyond
the reach of reprisal, slaughtering the things dwelling in
the deeps and polluting the world sea. If only...

26 Past Lives

a ws ae NT

a 7 a

Numbers in parentheses represent the Solium's
capabilities in the present moment, after twenty-one
centuries of constant conflict and longer deteriora-
tion. Storytellers are advised to adjust these numbers
upward if the pack is well-experienced; the Solium
should be a terror to confront, the sort of thing that can
devour a pack of healthy Garou.

Attributes: Strength 10 (8), Dexterity 7 (3),
Stamina 8 (6), Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appear-
ance 0, Perception 6 (4), Intelligence 5 (1), Wits 5 (1)

Abilities: Alertness 6 (3), Athletics 7 (4),
Brawl 7 (4), Dodge 7 (4), Survival 8 (5)

Rage 10 (7), Willpower 10 (7)

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -1,
-2, -2, -2, -2, -3, 3, -3, -3, -4, -4, -4, -4, -5, -5, -5, -5,
Incapacitated (subtract one level each of OK, -1, -2,
-3 and -4, and two levels of -5)

Movement: 75 yards per turn swimming, 25 yards
per turn on land

Attacks: Bite (Strength +3), Body Slam (Strength
—more than three successes indicates that the target
is pinned beneath the Solium's bulk), Engulf (opposed
Strength rolls to swallow a target, Strength dice of
lethal damage from crushing and digestive fluids per
turn), Tail Punch (Strength)

Powers: Armor (five extra soak dice), Blast (dead
water), Flood, Peek, Regenerate (three (one) aggra-
vated health levels per turn), Tracking, Water Tunnel
(can choose to leave an opening through water that
lasts for Willpower turns) Whirlpool (see below)

The Solium can create a whirlpool up to one
hundred yards across, with a central opening of up to
ten yards across. This costs 1 Essence to create and lasts
for one hour. Anyone caught in the whirlpool takes
(Strength + Rage) dice of soakable bashing damage
each turn; anyone in the central shaft falls however
deep it runs.

Image: The Solium Submergens is a pale seg-
mented worm forty feet long and nine feet across for
most of its length. Its neck constricts to less than a foot
across, opening onto a head three feet wide. Its eyes,
nose and ears are all very rudimentary, but a wreath of
flexible pressure-and electricity-sensitive tendrils look
like a crowned head when seen in silhouette. (It was
this feature, with water streaming off it and the sun
illuminating the worm's pale body, that led observers
in pre-Christian Dacia to give it its name.) The mouth
can open to engulfanything up to five feetacross, since
the jaws aren't solid bone but composed of segments
linked by very flexible tendons. The Solium's skin is
bleached white except when briefly flushed with blood;


|

injuries are surrounded by deep dark bruises. In the
modern day, the body is also heavily scarred, and some
imperfectly healed wounds seep pale red blood.

Agabust the Seftor, fhe Flesh Thine

From far below the surface of the sea, the Solium
rushes up at the characters. Itsenses themas some of its
old tormenters in living flesh, and wishes to destroy
them. Characters making a Perception + Primal-Urge
roll, difficulty 7, may see translucent figures that look
like Garou ina variety of forms clinging to the Solium's
back. With three or more successes, observers notice
that some of the figures look like old battle-worn
versions of themselves. These ghostly images fade as
the Solium approaches daylight.

The characters now have some time to prepare
themselves: two turns, plus one for every two successes
on the above spotting roll. On the first turn, the
Solium expands the whirlpool to its maximum size.
Then itsimply charges the characters. Its mouth opens
to its maximum width and the crown of tentacles flails
forward, gathering as much information as possible.
The Solium feels the possibility of escaping its pain for
the first time since 31 BCE, and very little can stop it
now. Asitapproaches, it spirals around the whirlpool's
central shaft, using the Water Tunnel power to create
an additional complication for its targets.

The characters have three major options.

© Combat inside the Gauntlet. This begins right
where they are now, and can range to any place they
can get to. The Solium is a tough opponent, but the
characters won't know how tough until they actually
engage it. The ancestors who traveled with the Solium
know what it was like when it last rose to the surface
and that it's badly injured, but can offer little help in
evaluating its current power. Characters who have
encountered Thunderwyrms may recognize the Solium
as somewhat related to those Wyrm-spawn, and char-
acters who've studied Garou lore of monsters may
make a Wits + Enigmas roll, difficulty 8, to draw the
some connection. This still leaves the characters with

Juportant: Keep Notes

At the end of this adventure, the characters
return to this battle. A lor happens between now
and then, and it's very easy to forget things. Keep
at least general notes about how this battle goes, so
that when the characters engage in it again from a
different perspective, they can intervene in some-
thing fairly like what they're about to go through
now. [t adds a dimension to the fray.

the burden of finding out what they can do to the
Solium and what it can do to them.

When characters botch attacks, apply exotic
complications, Direct attacks on the Solium's body
can pierce some of its layers of armor and release jets
of icy cold water at very high pressure, forcing the
botching attackers to make a Dexterity + Athletics
roll, difficulty 6, requiring as many or more succes:
as they had Is on the attack roll to retain their
balance. The same roll to retain footing can apply to
any character standing on reasonably solid surfaces to
avoid falling down, and to characters in the water to
avoid being tipped under and forced to spend one
turn per I rolled on the botched attack regaining
their orientation and senses.

Anyone who falls into the whirlpool's central
shaft or down the Solium's water tunnel quickly disap-
pears from view. Falling characters experience a sud-
den chilland agonizing pressure. The Storytellershould
then say something like "we'll get back to you once the
fight is over."

The Storyteller needn't worry about characters
getting killed in this fight. As with the above, describe
the experience of shock and cold and then say that
there's something coming up for characters whose
bodies have been crushed, eaten or otherwise been
rendered unfit for Garou habitation.

© Combat outside the Gauntlet. While within
the whirlpool's boundaries, the characters can step
sideways through patches of dead water, like those
lining the Solium's water tunnels. The Gauntlet
rating is 2 less than usual while the Solium is present,
down to a minimum of 3, so there's little risk of
complication from doing this. The Solium senses any
such move and char s the Gauntlet after
characters transformed into spirit, unleashing minor
attershocks while doing so. In the Penumbra, the
Solium always moves The water

ac

if underwater.

Accomparsyplag Bane

Willpower 6, Rage 6, Gnosis 6,

Charms: Airt Sense, Blast (dead water), Cor-
ruption, Flood, Materialize, Peek, Tracking

Image: These spirits look like one- to two-foot
long imitations of the Solium itself. Long ago they
had different forms, reflecting many kinds of ocean
life, and when down to 1 Essence they take on
their original forms.

These spirits are, as faras both the Solium and its
strongest manipulators are concerned, completely
expendable. If they can harm something before
perishing themselves, fine. If not, no great loss.

ence 15

Act I: Rise of the King

Se

7

—


tunnels form regardless of the medium through which
the Solium moves at the moment, a thin sheen of
dead water marking the boundaries of shafts that
possess their own gravity. It's always down once
characters cross into a water tunnel, an endless fall to
the aforementioned shock and cold.

For each turn the Solium spends in the Penumbra
chasing the characters, make a Rage roll, difficulty 7.
Every two successes (rounded up) unleashes another of
the Banes that have traveled with it for so long.

The Solium can create whirlpools in the Umbra as
well as in the material world. They do no damage,
however — they're no stronger than a fairly stiff
breeze, creating difficulties only for very flimsy and
lightweight loose objects. The central shaft remains a
danger: characters can still fall into it and meet an
untimely demise.

Combat in the Penumbra is likely to be fairly
short, bloody and not a success for the characters.

* Fleeing, Particularly after seeing one or more
packmates die, characters may well decide that discre-
tion is the better part of valor just right now and
attempt to get out of the area as quickly as possible.
Umbbral flight won't work; however fast they go, the
Solium manages to be just a bit faster. If the characters
flee through the material world, they must manage to
cross the whirlpool and get to shore, and can then
move significantly faster than the Solium. When they're
fifty yards ahead, the Solium notices its lag and crosses
into the Penumbra long enough to overtake them and
launch a fresh attack from there.

If the characters manage to get into the city itself
with the Solium still in pursuit, the members of Dead
Man's Hand join in the fray, doing their best to take
down both werewolves and whatever-it-is attacking
them. The Solium is big and obviously more thor-
oughly dangerous, but perhaps it would go away if its
equally obvious focus of attention were to go away.
Characters therefore find themselves caught in be-
tween expert shooting and the monster behind them.

Jiene 5° [he Cxpertonae of Daath

When the first character dies, the recently arrived
ancestors start encouraging the others to "not let him
escape" and to "follow her." It's difficult for them to
explain just what they mean, since they've existed
with it for so long and since the middle of a fight with
agiant supernatural worm isn't really the best time for
careful philosophical and theological explanations.
The crucial point for the ancestors to convey is that
the dead characters are by no means lost to their
packmates, but instead on the threshold of a journey
that the whole pack must take.

28 Past Lives

ee NE SS

a 7 eee

Throughout the time when the pack hangs on the
edge of their journey, play up the element of tension
and frustration in the ancestors' speeches. In the face
of the moment they've waited two thousand years for,
they've become somewhat tongue-tied, and they're
uncertain just what the characters must hear and what
they mustn't at the moment. So they tend to speak in
incomplete utterances, and often with unfortunate
timing as fresh attacks kill more of the characters,
making it that much more crucial that the surviving
live ones pay attention.

After the third character death, the ancestors
manage to express themselves more clearly. Bound up
by fate with the Solium Submergens, the souls of the
characters do not automatically pass back into the
bosom of Gaia to await judgment or reincarnation.
Instead, they linger on the threshold of the realm
through which the Solium has traveled, Set free from
normal limitations, the characters may play a new role
in shaping the Solium's destiny and their own. If any
of the characters make mention of those ancestors
which seemed to resemble themselves, the ones now
speaking to the characters become suddenly evasive
and agree that this is one part of the tapestry which the
characters may weave if they act promptly. The first
step is to set themselves free from the bonds of flesh...

Characters may understandably be skeptical
about the wisdom of killing themselves just because
previously unknown ancestors say it would bea good
idea. In between bouts of fighting with the Solium
(and perhaps also with Dead Man's Hand), the
characters may try any (or all!) of several means to
establish the truth of what the ancestors say. Possi-
bilities include:

© Prosaic Truth-Checking. A single check on a
Perception + Empathy roll suffices to establish that the
ancestors believe they're telling the truth.

© Supernatural Truth-Checking. Gifts, fetish
and other ways of drawing on the supernatural to test
for truth provide the same results, if the attempt at
their use succeeds,

© Totem. Characters who call on their totem find
that it takes two full turns to answer, during which an
ominous interior silence prevails. Then the totem says
that it's stared down an unfamiliar abyss out of which
itcan faintly hear the cries of others of the Garou race.
This isn't proof that everything that the ancestors say
is true, but something strange is going on.

* Relying on Gaia's Power. Characters may make
a Gnosis roll to see what they can sense about the
Umbra in this area themselves. The difficulty for the
roll is 7, minus 1 per level of injury a character has
taken in the fight so far, down to a minimum of 3. A

|


single success provides the character a feeling of some-
thing deep looming up ahead, whatever direction she
faces. Three or more successes give her a glimpse of
occupying a crumbling spike of land in the midst of a
growing void, the rest of the world receding furtherand
further away.

* Lore. If the characters have heard the Tale ot
the Shaking Sea, they may well remember its cryptic
words about passages via death.

Other strategies provide the same sort of informa-
tion. The ancestors really are telling the characters the
truth, and characters that make an effort to establish
this should be able to do so.

The Storyteller should privately tell the players
of characters who've died so far that they find
themselves in spirit form in much the same cireum-
stances as living characters that make the above
Gnosis roll. The passage of the Solium Submergens
widens the gap into deep, dark Umbral territory
with every moment. In addition, the dead charac-
ters can see bright spiritual cords connecting the
ancestors who've traveled with the Solium to the
worm itself, and can see fainter, more tenuous cords
likewise connecting themselves and their still-liv-
ing packmates. They cannot clearly see the ones still
alive, but they can hear the exchanges with the
recently arrived ancestors. Each dead character may
make a Gnosis roll, difficulty of the local Gauntlet
rating (remember that it's abnormally low at the
moment), to communicate to their brethren. Each
character that succeeds may speak a single short
sentence—not one with dependent clauses and par-
enthetical asides — that all the living characters
hear coming from somewhere nearby.

It is, in short, time for the characters to die.

Fortunately, this is easy enough under the circum-
stances. Each character need only pick her preferred
way of exiting from among the veritable smorgasbord
of carnage. When the last of the characters dies, the
pack finds itself reunited in the midst of the now-
tremendous void. The Solium obviously remains aware
of them, twisting and turning (and crossing the Gaunt-
let back and forth, with another aftershock each time)
in hopes of finding them. It repeatedly crushes any of
their corpses available to it, and sometimes passes right
through their spirits, leaving behind a most unpleasant
chill. The spit of Umbral land on which the characters
rest crumbles all the while, and finally the characters
begin their plunge downward.

An Extfanapton for tbe Sporypéhler

Mechanistic time travel doesn't make any sense in
this game's cosmology. Time is not a matter of math-

SALT PE

Act I: Rise of the King

ematical dimensions; it's the way the soul of the world
measures out events in accordance with fate, heroism
and chance. There is, ina very real sense, no past in the
living world. The world has just one moment, and it's
the present.

But the memories of the past remain, and the
emotions that people (and other creatures) invest in
those memories give a certain spiritual substance to
the events and objects people remember. The living
share their souls with their own histories. Just as
individual people die and their souls descend into
the shadowy depths of the Umbra, so with the world
as a whole. In the deepest reaches of the Dark
Umbra, where barren wastes stretch off into infin-
ity, there is a graveyard for the remembered world.
This is where the characters must go. Following the
channel through Umbral depths blazed by the Solium
Submergens, the characters with their souls radiat-
ing the power of the present may enter into the
remembered past. In doing so they'll give it a mo-
mentary second life, long enough to help shape the
events recorded in the Saga of the Shaking Sea. Like
most things having to do with the Umbra, the
symbolism is as important as anything else.

The first part of the journey is a simple descent,
straight down through the layers of the Dark Umbra
to the bottom. The second part takes the characters
through the wastes to the resting place of history. The
third and final part takes the characters into history
for Act Il.

The Datconf

Falling in the Umbra can be a very peculiar expe-
rience sometimes. This is one of those times. The
characters are simultaneously aware of moving very
rapidly and of drifting leisurely. When something
catches their fancy, they can examine it close up for
one full turn per point of current Gnosis a character
possesses; then they resume their plunge. Characters
familiar with the experiences of Alice in Wonderland
may well find this familiar. A Storyteller wishing to
sow a little distraction can call for an Intelligence +
Enigmas roll, difficulty 6, for a character to wonder if
maybe Lewis Carroll wasn't actually writing about an
experience he'd had. (He wasn't, having never gotten
close to the Umbra except in dreams, but it's some-
thing for characters to argue about in troupes whose
players have fun doing that.)

The material world rapidly recedes from view, leav-
ing the characters to fall for a while through featureless
dark gray. They break through this first layer as if
emerging from clouds, and can see the sun shining about
half as bright as it was in the Penumbra up above.

|

Seren eres serene enema aren che oreo cr a rem mnarerensnarenrvs

a AA

Indistinct forms that might be clouds gust across the
sky as if blown by strong winds the characters don't
feel. Around themisa vast quiet open space, stretch-
ing out as far as they can see in all directions,
Occasionally (it's hard to judge time during this
experience) something bright falls out of the clouds
and shoots down below far faster than the charac-
ters. Beneath them isa vast dark-
ness in constant conte
tion. It variously suggests more
clouds, a stormy sea and a conti-
nent-sized flock of black birds wheel-
ing together.

As the characters approach, they can see
that is indeed a stormy sea. Directly beneath
them is a pocket of calm, the borders of the
Solium's passage through here not long ago. As
they approach it, the water of the vast sea whirls
away, letting the characters continue their drop.
After another interval of uncertain duration, the
characters once again emerge, this time into a
cold airless space with the sea hanging overhead.
The sun continues to sun, just barely, dimmed to
the intensity of the evening star. The characters'
emotions are apparently somewhat numbed; they
may well realize that they ought to find this
terrifying, but are at liberty to choose their own

ing mo-

responses to it all.

Beneath them now is an irregular stony sur-
face, stretching off in all directions. In places
there are huge plains, in others mountain ranges
that tower far higher than material peaks can. In
the unknown distance, storm clouds rise up, and
characters who make a Perception + Alertness
roll, difficulty 6, may notice that some of the
clouds tower behind the dim sun, A constant
swarm of unseen entities whips around the char-
acters. Anyone who succeeds in a Dexterity +
Athletics roll, difficulty 8, may grab one of the
passing things and find that it isa wispy ghost not
unlike themselves, blurry features caught in the
depths of some overpowering rage or misery, Such
ghosts do not speak, and manage to wiggle free the
following turn to zip off up, or down, or around
with rapid aimlessness.

Even for Silent Striders, this is strange stuff,
and few other characters have much experience

of the Dark Umbra. The characters are far re- Sec,

moved from any place Garou willingly go, into
realms spoken of only in brief fragments and
conflicting accounts. Characters inclined to dis-
cussion have time for this before they touch down
on the rocky surface. They suffer no damage from

30


their fall, and find themselves at full health levels
again. They do not need to breathe, which is fortu-
nate given the absence of any air here. The Solium's
trail here manifests as a slimy groove worn into the
rock, stretching down into a steep canyon and van-
ishing below the surface a mile or away. The rock
occasionally vibrates under their feet as if something
large moved in an unseen passage — characters
familiar with walking over subways know the sensa-
tion well, and Garou who have encountered
Thunderwyrms will certainly recognize the appre-
hensive feeling.

The characters feel themselves to have their
customary weight and strength. The ancestors did
not accompany them on this long plunge, and all the
characters know is that there's something back where
the Solium came from that they need to deal with.
The landscape offers few distractions. There are oc-
casional breaks in the surface, both smooth round
holes and irregular fissures, through which barely
detectable ghosts rush at the equivalent of hundreds
or thousands of miles an hour, but none within at
least a mile of the characters. There's just them and
the trail leading down into darkness. Characters may
well complain about feeling railroaded, and their
only consolation about it is the reminder that every-
thing they tried to confirm regarding the ancestors'
story suggested truth. Presumably there's something
worthwhile waiting at the end of all this.

Jéene
Vbere the Pritt Lia Erte,

In what feels like just a few minutes' walking, the
characters descend into the canyon and then into the
tunnel the Solium made. Once altogether out of the
light, they notice that the Solium's trail has its own
pale glow, which brightens as they go. Lit from below,
the characters seem even more haggard and wan to
each other than they would in this situation with the
best possible lighting.

The characters have two brief encounters in this
part of the adventure, intended to show them the
nature of the realm they now inhabit. The understand-
ing they acquire now may influence their actions in
Acts [Land IIL.

The Lat Venfor

The first of these encounters is with an elder
Garou known to all or at least most of the characters.
He never quite lost the wolf in his old age, but he came
perilously close, and he died under circumstances that
filled his departing soul with despair for the future of

FATE EY

his pack and sept and tribe. If any events in the
characters' history suggest a match for these general
criteria, consider adapting them to personalize this
encounter, to draw the characters in more deeply.
Otherwise, just make it a respected elder of their sept
who had growing difficulty maintaining confidence
and courage in the face of repeated defeats.

The first sign of the lost mentor is his footsteps in
the cave up ahead, well before they can see him.
Around two more bends, there he is, pacing back and
forth in a round natural chamber twenty yards across.
The Solium's path continues across it and out the
other side; the mentor seems unaware of it beneath his
feet on each pass.

Willpower 5, Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Essence 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Calcify, Stasis (Werewolf,
p. 282)

The mentor has become something much like a
Stasis Vector, a tool of permanence in the service of
ultimate destruction. Since his capture upon death by
Psychomachiae, he's been subjected to psychological
and spiritual torture intended to turn him into a
weapon against hope, filled with the power and desire
to stop growth or change from ever threatening the
world he remembers. What his tormenters wish him
not to see is that his desire to protect what is has been
corrupted, his grief for what was but is no more leading
him to shatter others' potential for transcending their
current weaknesses. When his training is complete,
they intend to unleash him upon the world asa sort of
revenant werewolf.

When the characters enter, he recognizes one of
them for each success on a Gnosis roll, difficulty 6. He
greets them with surprise and pleasure, and shows
himself far from clear on just where he is. His conver-
sation drifts in and out of awareness about the current
moment. Much of the time he thinks of himself as in
some dark cave near his beloved caern, preparing some
great work on behalf of the Garou for whom he cares
so much. Any mention of his decline or death, how-
ever, sends him into a brief bout of rage at the unfair-
ness of the world, the impending doom confronting all
Garou and his deep desire to simply return to joys and
even dangers from when he was young and strong and
the Apocalypse didn'tseem so close. Ashe calms down
from those outbursts, he forgets most of what the
characters have told him so far and must have them
repeat key points for him.

Hetries hard to find out what the characters are up
to, and here most of his old personality emerges. He
cares very much for them. The thought of their strange
journey fills him with concern, and he begins using
Stasis unconsciously. Have the characters discover

Act T: Rise of the King 31

eee NN


Seren rere ere eee are ary Sr amsrrrensmaarensh

themselves being forced back into breed form without
any obvious connection to the mentor. The same
happens with a gradual loss of marks left on their
bodies by fatigue and recent damage. The Solium's
trail flickers during each of these uses of Stasis, regain-
ing stability as it finishes. Forall the characters can tell,
this may all be properties of the chamber itself.

The mentor would gladly accompany the char-
acters if they'll have him. A journey away from the
dreadful present and worse future suits him just fine.
One major hurdle remains. If the characters persist
in questioning him about just how he ended up here,
so far from anyplace the Garou belong, he becomes
increasingly angry. He must make the usual Rage
checks to resist anger at their provocations. When
he loses, his own personality disappears beneath the
layer of commands built into him. Now he uses his
charms overtly, and fights the characters as best he
can. Worse yet, when he gets down to 2 Essence, one
of his creators arrives to find out why its creation is
so badly off.

Willpower 7, Rage 10, Gnosis 8, Essence 25

Charms: Airt Sense, Corruption, Materis
Possession

This particular Psychomachia resembles two eight-
foot tall people sculpted from jagged metal and glass,
fused back to back. Its four legs move with surprising
grace and coordination; each of its four arms ends ina
bewildering proliferation of cutting instruments of all
sorts. The thing has no skeleton or internal organs, just
layers of metal and glass (or of refined e: ig
spiritual corruption that happens to man
that way).

The Psychomachia drops into the mentor
ber out of a narrow fissure, expanding to its normal
dimensions in the blink of an eye. As quickly as it can,
it snatches up the mentor and impales him on its chest
spikes so that it can manipulate his soul more directly.
It wheels around to show its other side to the charac-
ters. One arm holds the mentor to the Psychomachia,
leaving three free for fighting.

If it's defeated and the mentor still survives, he
regains most of his free will. He still fears both present
and future, but he understands what's been done to
him and has power over the Charms he possesses. He
accompanies the characters if they allow it. If they
don't, he heads out the way they came in, with the final
remark that he will have his vengeance on those who.
would turn his sorrow into a weapon. Finally, if the
mentor loses all his Essence, he fades into intangibility
with a parting sigh, and is gone.

ence of

32 Past Lives

OE TS elem" 7.

The Cirove

The Solium's trail leads through a region where
the "rock" becomes moist and spongy, more like
dense peat than the imitations of granite and basalt
that have prevailed so far. The trail here runs down-
hill, and the characters notice something peculiar:
their footprints, soggy impressions in the tunnel floor,
drift downhill ahead of them, dropping offa precipice
up ahead. From there the characters can't yet see
what lies beyond.

The tunnel ends in a twenty-foot drop. The
chamber beyond is roughly diamond-shaped, and is
about a hundred yards on aside. The tunnel's mouth
is halfway between the summit and the bottom.
Once they make the drop, the characters land on a
forty-five-degree angle, which is uncomfortable but
safe to walk on. The glow of the Solium's trail
actually runs through the open space of the chamber
until it enters the wall on the far side, a few feet
above the bottom.

The chamber is full of what looks like life. Spe-
cifically, it looks like plants and animals of the
characters' native region that have become extinct,
mixed in with extinct wildlife of the Danube River
valley. Here are casualties of the War of Rage and the
Impergium, species lost to ice ages, floods and other
natural disasters and the victims of human extermi-
nation efforts, all mingled together. It's not a sani-
tized version of the world: the characters can imme-
diately see predators taking down prey and feasting
on the carcasses. It's just that the whole thing is in
careful balance so as to remain sustainable indefi-
nitely. Whatever academic and personal lore the
characters can draw on shows them that it's a perfect
dynamic equilibrium.

Or so it seems. In truth there is only one thing
residing here, a piece of the rock that gained a mind of
its own long ago and sets traps for the ghosts and other
things moving through this part of the Dark Umbra, Lt
extracts memories and desires from the footprints of
passers-by and sculpts itself and the surrounding soggy
rock into suitable forms. Once victims reach the bor-
tom, the thing exposes its true nature and attacks
them. It did this with one of the ancestors who fought
the Solium on its way to the present. The ancestor
fought it to a standstill. Both now linger on the brink
of final collapse.

As the characters touch a plant or animal within
the grove, it shrivels up into a foul-smelling mass of
purple and green sludge, pulsating softly as it runs
downhill. Gradually or quickly, the characters dis-

|


cover that nothing at all endures but the sludge.
Down at the bottom of the chamber, the sludge
catches and tries unsuccessfully to regenerate the
looming whole it used to possess. It's so badly dam-
aged now that it hasa single point of Essence remains.
If the characters do anything to remove that, the
whole lake of sludge dims from its previous vivid hues
and evaporates into even more foul-smelling mist,
which quickly dissipates.

At the very bottom, there are the mostly dis-
solved remains of a Garou in Crinos form. This is the
sister of one of the ancestors who started to speak to
the characters at the beginning of this act. She has
enough flesh on her skull to have eyes that can open
and show recognition as they look at the characters,
and enough throat to whisper, "So far, so good."
She's down to a single point of Essence and needs
healing just like the sludge-rock did. Her injuries are
too severe, though; hours or days (or longer) of
fighting with and drowning in her antagonist has
left her body incapable of regaining more than 5
Essence, and she knows that that's just not enough
for anything beyond serving as cannon fodder. She
tells the characters that they can set her free of this
torment or she can do it herself. Her last words of
advice are these: "Will makes distance. The next
step really is a step, no matter how it seems."

The characters may wish to perform rites of
purification and healing for her spirit first. Doing this
doesn't change the basic fact of her passing: she
dissolves into a faintly acrid mist which floats up and
out of the chamber, and there is no sense of her spirit
being set free from this realm. But if she goes prepared
by such rites, she clearly dissolves in a state of calm
and free from pain, rather than in the agony she
otherwise experiences. The characters may well find
the absence of any pleasant resolution to this en-
counter depressing, and with good reason. For those
trapped among the deepest dead, happy endings just
don't come along very often.

Siete ?:
Share fhe World Lia

Troupes who are really into encounters without
prospect for redemption or deliverance can find plenty
of them along the Solium's trail. Most troupes' play-
ers likely want to move on after those last two en-
counters, and the Storyteller should pay heed to this.
Werewolf is certainly a game with a strong tragic
element, but here it's a different sort of tragedy, and
not one to wallow in unless it's clear that all the
players are having a good time. So encounters with

Act I: Rise of the King

a

See ns es reser PERV Nan me

former packmates carried off by Psychomachiae like
the ones who took the old mentor and other recogniz-
able figures doomed to pathetic ends are left up to the
discretion of Storytellers wishing to sustain this part
of the act.

Judging time in the tunnels is very difficult.
Characters may sometimes feel that time rushes along
very rapidly, and then slows almost to a crawl, and
they'd be right. There are tides of fast and slow time
here, complicated by the characters' movement in
ways not entirely compatible with the usual arrow of
time from past to future. They are doing the spiritual
equivalent of treading water in the Solium's path,
hung in a perpetual moment. Efforts at divination or
other contact with the living world show them only
the scenes of their deaths, jerking forward or back-
ward a fraction of a second, again and again. The
characters feel time to passing, but do not grow
hungry or in need of rest.

From time to time the characters encounter cham-
bers holding ruins. In every case the ruins are familiar,
one way or another: landmarks of human or Garou
history in places the characters live or at least where
they've spent time. Each of them is now diminished,
worn, drained — they lack any spiritual aura, and are
just objects. Characters who push at them find them
weak and brittle to the touch. They are, in fact,
precisely as fragile as the memories they are.

The Remembrance of Tings Past

The Storyteller should make a note of any of
these relics that the characters destroy. When
they return to the present in Act III, they'll find
those things diminished in the cultural lore around
them. The destroyed things won't be forgotten,
but they'll be downplayed in favor of other related
landmarks.

Finally the tunnel widensand stays that way. Over
the course of what feels like a day or so, it grows from
dozens to hundreds of yards across, and then continues
to widen well beyond the limits of their vision. The
pale luminescence of the Solium's trail is lost in the
immense pitch-black space all around them. Gradu-
ally, from somewhere up ahead, a cool blue-green glow
appears and brightens, flickering erratically, though
the characters can't yet see its source.

Atlast the characters come to another precipice.
It's impossible to tell how deep the drop-off is, beyond
"farther than we can see." Once they're actually at
the brink they can see the source of the blue-green
light. It's the Earth, looming large as life, or so it

33
mere

|

Serna eer serene arena are ry sa remsssmcrwrensenren

seems. Dull brown and gray tones dominate almost
the entire planet, but outbreaks of vivid lively color
flare up at random across the globe, ranging from
what look like pinpricks to swirling aurora-like ef-
fects within the ground stretching for dozens of miles.
These provide the glow that the characters have
followed. The very brightest glows shine up, down or
away to offer faint glimpses of red-veined black rock
far away. Occasional reflections from these distant
surfaces provide the only light other than the planet's
own internal light.

The remembered Earth isn't rotating consistently
in one direction. It makes most of a turn one way, then
slows down and swings back the other way. Occasion-
ally it makes only a fraction of a full circle, and
sometimes it swings rapidly around one or more times.
There's no obvious logic to this behavior. Itdoes make
it easier for the characters to see the Solium's trail,
which runs through the void to hit the remembered
Earth right where they fought it in the living world.
From there the trail dives under the oceans but remains
visible, looping around continents, sometimes cross-
ing over itself, and terminating at the mouth of the
Danube River, on the banks of the Black Sea.

The characters notice a steady gentle fall of
barely visible flecks of something white like snow-
flakes. As they approach the remembered Earth, they
curve toward some particular destination and trigger
one of the lively flashes when they strike, The char-
acters may correctly deduce that these are fresh memo-
ries, bring the spark of some living soul to refresh the
world as it once was. Characters with funerary rites
may recognize the distinctive spiritual tang of offer-
ings and memorial services for fallen comrades in
some of the descending flakes.

Out of One Ages Jofo Another

Some of the characters may remember the fallen
ancestor's words about distance and steps. If they try to
step onto the Solium's trail, it doesn't work—they
slide back to the precipice. If, on the other hand, they
try to step to the remembered Earth itself, it works—
ina single step, they stand gathered around the site of
their battle. They loom large here, towering miles
high... or perhaps the world is small here, shrunken
with the absence of vital spirit. The gray and brown
regions are chilly and very uncomfortable, lacking the
vitality that even inanimate things have in the world
above, and the lit-up regions are not so much comfort-
able as merely annoying rather than painful. Charac-
ters who have never considered how much life resides
in the framework of a steel skyscraper or barren lava
flow may now see the contrast. Nothing fresh can
happen in this place, cut off from Gaia and the work-

A

ings of the Triat. Even destruction run amok has
something that this quiet ending lacks,

Many players will wish to explore this peculiar
version of the world for a little while before stepping
into Act Il. This is perfectly all right and nothing for
the Storyteller to worry about. When it's time to move
on, the Storyteller can arrange suitable circumstances,
such as the world making a sudden jerk that sends the
characters tumbling into Dacia or the Solium's path
entangling them and pulling them in.

The characters can peer in at details in the manner
of their examining things during their fall from the
living world: one turn per point of Gnosis, and then
their viewpoint zooms back out to their giant eleva-
tion. The brown and gray places are very unsettling to
look at, composed entirely of ruins drifted over by dust
and dirt. Given the long complex history of the world,
in many places, ruins are stacked neatly or haphazardly
on top of each other, and the characters must spend
one of their"zoom-in" turns to pick the right particular
epoch from all the possibilities. Where they touch the
remembered Earth, the blue-green light erupts and the
characters can see some memorable scene unfold in
greatly compressed time. Where they know of a story
about that point, they experience it all while studying
itclosely, however long thestory is. Where the memory
is not one they share, they see several minutes' worth
of it during each turn, This can be an excellent way for
the Storyteller to pass along pieces of human and
supernatural history to the characters.

It may take the characters a little while to realize
thar they're not seeing The Truth. They're seeing what
memories have been attached to the world over the
generations. Some such tales are true; many aren't.
The remembered Earth discriminates only insofar as it
requires stories to fit somewhere on itself. Land and sea
may rearrange somewhat to accommodate a particular
story, and only the most extremely ill-founded claims
about mythic pasts reliably fail to find a place here.

There are two stories the characters cannot see:

© Theirown battle against the Solium Submergens.
This is because up above, it's still "now" rather than
"then." Only when Act III finishes will the living
world release that story to sink here.

© The events in Dacia in 31 BCE. The Solium's
activity creates turmoil throughout the region on the
remembered Earth. Characters feel an intense pull in
when they're within a few giant paces of itand cannot
concentrate properly.

To move on in the task fated for them the charac-
ters must step on the trail and let it pull them in. They
experience a rapid shrinking, or perhaps a rapid en-
largement of the world all around them. They see

34 Past Lives

a

|


themselves
and the remembered Earth's
idly green. There's a second
feel a weak version

become translucent and

of the living world's vitality infuse

then invisible,
Danube basin glows viv-
flash and the characters

the area. (This is actually an emanation from theirown
spiritual natur ‘onferring a piece of present-ness on

the past here.) Act II may now begin.

Act I: Rise of the King

— le ae aT

35



T wake to sleep, and take my waking slow.
T feel my fate in what I cannot fear.

Learn by going where I have to go.

— Theodore Rothke, "The Waking"

The characters spend all of this act in the buried
past of the World of Darkness. Act I drew them into a
tightly controlled channel of events necessary to get
them to the place fate decreed for them. Once there,
they regain most of their freedom of choice. The deep
spirit of the world would very much like them to help
defeat the Solium Submergens, but if they choose not
to, well, then they can, and the world will suffer the
consequences. In keeping with the characters' newly
liberated circumstances, this chapter presents less in
the way of direct plot and more in the way of locations
and individuals the characters may interact with in
many ways.

The first section of this chapter deals with the
overall setting as the characters will interact with it
before their task approaches. The second section de-
tails che events of the chronicle, and the scenes as they
play out. Finally, the characters fight the Solium
Submergens in its original form, backed by a Roman
legion and packs of local werewolves. At the last, the
characters are returned to spirit form and bound ta the
Drowned King, to fight itas it tunnels back toward the

present.

Preparatory ork

The most important preparation the Story:
teller should make before Act II is designing the
set of ancestors whose bodies the characters pos-
sess. This will require mapping out their breeds,
tribes, auspices, and some details of their back-
grounds, as well as their Physical Attributes. Rank
is important, too, as the contemporary Garou who
recognize the host bodies will treat them accord-
ing to their status. Some extra advice on planning
this is given in Scene 1, below; the more detailed
the ancestors are, the more interesting the social
interaction aspects of this act will be.

Other than that, most of the personalities for
Act I have already been provided; there's more
emphasis on letting characters explore and inter-
act, and more Storyteller characters that needn't
be scaled to match the pack's power level or
personal ancestry.

Act IL: Living History


Seren eer serene core aren ch are ammery ca remsmsrerensenarens

The Epttronsactt

The characters have only the briefest sensation of
the world as they move from looming over it to
participating in it. That sensation is a remarkable one,
fresh in a way that virtually nothing in the early 21st
century can be, not yet weighed down by the whole
weight of the approaching Apocalypse. Any injuries
the characters have instantly heal, and they regain
their full Willpower and Gnosis. Then they each drop
into an unwitting host.

The characters' hosts are, as previously described,
their own ancestors. Somewhere along the ancestral
line, each of the characters had an ancestor tied to this
time and the upcoming emergence of the Drowned
King. In most troupes, few of the players are likely to
have specified, "Oh, and my character's Romanian or
Bulgarian." Fortunately, it isn't necessary for them to
have done so for the characters to have someone to
inhabit now.

People move around over time, for all sorts of
reasons. The Danube River valley is the home to
countless wars and invasions, and every military cam-
paign leads to some people being taken prisoner and
carried far from home and to others being driven to flee
from the destruction of their homes. Thus an Italian
peasant ends up living asa slave of a tribe somewhere
onthe Transylvanian plateau, while a horseman whose
ancestors settled on the north bank of the Danube after
riding out of central Asia ends up in Rome, or some-
where on the Mediterranean coast of France. In times
of peace, traders sometimes go very long distances, and
some of them end up choosing to settle far from home
or unable to make the trip back, because of ill health,
poverty or other complications. Some of these marry
into local families and settle down. Religious believers
make pilgrimages, and sometimes stay for reasons
much like those of merchants or for the sake of being
close toa holy object or place. Poor people emigrate in
search of better opportunities, while people of all
classes sometimes wish to ditch their old obligations
and start again somewhere else.

Even longerdistancesaren'tnecessarily insurmount-
able. When most people think about epic exploration,
they usually remember the men and women who com-
manded an expedition: Columbus, Amundsen, Earhart
and the rest. But even on "solo" expeditions, the ex-
plorer doesn't go alone. It takes people to provide
supplies and transportation and (in the modern day)
communication with the outside world, to do all the
labor thatnosingle person could possibly perform. Julius
Caesar didn't march alone into Britain, twenty years
before this act takes place. He went with an army, with

38 Past lives

aaa alicia am mr renames

units from all over the Roman empire. Men born in
Palestine, Libya and Spain found themselves in an
unfamiliar land, and some of them had toorchose tostay
there, for all sorts of reasons. Captain Cook didn't sail a
ship from England to Hawaii and thence around the
world on his own, either. Dozens of sailorsaccompanied
him, and on many expeditions, people from other lands
joined the journey.

All of this creates the potential for highly un-
obvious backgrounds. In the early 21st century, there's
a population in the central coastal provinces of China
descended from Celtic sailors who accompanied Span-
ish and Portuguese expeditions. They look Chinese,
except that they sometimes manifest red hair and blue
eyes. The Romany of Eastern Europe have their roots
in northern India. There are vanishing tribes in the
southernmost tip of South America whose ancestors
come from a wave of migration before the Ice Age
journeys that brought peoples into the New World via
Siberia and Alaska. People mix, and keep mixing.

Characters with established backgrounds that in-
clude what's now Hungary and Romania are set. It
won't come as a surprise to them that they have
ancestors to bond with as they enter into the past. But
characters with backgrounds of other sorts aren't auto-
matically cut off from participation here. It only takes
a single ancestor in the right place, and fate can
provide that one.

Flere and Now

The Dacian tribes moved into the Transylvanian
plateau and the lower reaches of the Danube river
valley long enough ago that it's a matter of folklore by
the first century BCE. Sages and storytellers speak
variously of ancestors to the northwest, the north and
just about anywhere else. More than a dozen genera-
tions lived and died right here where the characters are
arriving, enough to establish a rich and varied local
history full of the ups and downs that keep gossips busy
while confounding strangers trying to sort it all out.

Roman troops first arrived in the area in 214 BCE,
in response to an alliance between the Macedonian
king and the famous Carthaginian general Hannibal.
Rome's eastern legions stomped their opposition flat.
For the next half-century, troop strength ebbed and
flowed as distant administrators juggled the competing
claims of an ever-growing empire. The whole area
became Roman provinces, all local governments
crushed, in the middle of the second century BCE.
That was more than a century before this act takes
place, and the Danube river has been the northern
boundary of this part of the Roman empire as long as
anyone living there can remember.

|


The tribes facing the Roman legions from across the
river have always been warlike. Their ancestors were
nomads, accustomed to filling in the gaps in their diet
and resources by conquest, and even now many clans
and tribes move insearch of better opportunities. They're
not savage. They make elaborately decorated metal
objects, both practical ones like shields and buckles and
purely decorative ones like plaques, recognized widely
for their quality. They have well-defined cultural roles,
and the members of a family or village work together
with intelligence and care as well as brute force for their
mutual survival and prosperity. They tell stories, play
games, enjoy times of bounty and luxury as well as
occasional hardship... they are at least as smart and
complex as their enemies in the imperial garrisons. It's
just that they place great value on individual and
communal prowess and very little on the virtues of
capitulation and compromise. So they fight, often.

In 70 BCE, just shy of forty years before this act,
the warlord Burebista unified Dacia as never before or
since. Local storytellers revived the accounts of Philip
of Macedon and his son Alexander, who conquered
pretty much everything worth conquering and then
lost it all by dying young. Burebista had the tactical
genius and the sheer determination to overwhelm his
tribal rivals and build a genuine Dacian kingdom,
suppressing local rivalries within a single government.
Itwasn't as administratively complex as Rome or even
as Philip's Macedon, but it was unprecedented in
Dacian experience. He led his new subjects in mostly
successful wars against their neighbors, expanding
Dacian territory at the expense of Moldavia, Muntenia
and the other tribes of the time.

The threat Burebista posed didn't go unnoticed
across the river. Julius Caesar wanted to mounta fresh
campaign against the Dacians, an achievement to
compare with his triumphs in Gaul and Britain. In the
end it wasn't to be. Julius and Burebista died the same
year, 44 BCE, both assassinated by countrymen un-
willing to be their subjects. Rome endured; the Dacian
kingdom didn't. Itquickly relapsed to the pre-kingdom
standard of independent groups ranging from single
families to alliances of villages dominated by a few
prominent clans. Some of the non-Dacian conquered
people reasserted themselves.

The Dacians of 31 BCE view this history with
mixed feelings. For children, of course, it'sall just tales.
It's been thirteen years since there was a king of the
Dacians, and they've grown up accustomed to dy-
namic, not to say chaotic, conditions. Adults who
supported Burebista's ambitions mourn their lost op-
portunity and dream of the rise of some future con-
queror, while advocates of the traditional Dacian way

as ALO FEES EN Ne meme

Act IT: Living History

eS

rejoice in the death of the interloper and the restora-
tion of the desirable status quo. For Roman observers,
the return of chaos is on the whole a good thing, since
it removes a large threat. But for the soldiers actually
stationed in frontier forts and the families who live
around them, it means the return of uncoordinated
raiding and pillaging, more loss with little hope of
redress until such time as Rome again cares to consider
a big campaign.

And nobody knows that the Drowned King is
coming.

ho Ave the Good Cnt?

History is messy. There are things to be said in
favor of both the Dacians and Romans, and much
to be said against both. Neither culture had any
inkling of things we now consider important if not
actually self-evident, like fundamental rights for
the individual, equality of the sexes, representa-
tive government, privacy and the like. If either
culture existed now, it would seem almost un-
speakably barbaric. Fortunately, Werewolf is nota
game about arguing political theories, but about
heroic struggle in the face of apocalypse, and both
sides have plenty of appreciation for heroism. The
characters are at liberty to allocate praise and
blame as they wish; this book doesn't take a stand
on the relative merits of Burebista's reign and the
return of disorganized Dacian life or any of the
other potentially complex issues presented here.
This is all fodder for roleplaying, and as long as
choices have interesting consequences, there are
no necessarily wrong answers.

The lstwcdlape Victuhty

The Danube River here flows from west to east,
tilting a bit north as it goes. The characters arrive in
the middle of a hundred-mile-long series of mountain
gorges. Above and below this stretch, the Danube
ranges from a thousand feet wide to half a mile wide,
depending on how much plain it has to meander in.
The gorges narrow it down from a maximum of a
thousand feat toa mere five hundred feet in places, and
the river runs fast and deep, with many patches of
white water where submerged rocks make the flow
turbulent. The mountains fall steeply to the river,
often with no shore at all or just a few inches of
embankment below drops ranging from a dozen feet to
more than eight hundred feet. Banks wide enough for
docks and other buildings are scarce, and rivals fight
for control of every usable spot.

9

a

price an enn a ek aT

Back from the bluffs, the hills remain rugged and
steep, but are often passable. The good routes were blazed
longago and are well-known to everyone who'sspentany
significant time in the region; going cross-country is
much slower and more tiring. Dense forests cover the
area, with trees growing even in the bluffs and cliff faces
wherever they can find a crevasse to start in. Clearings
exist only where fire or disease has felled trees, enough
water has accumulated to allow marshes or meadows to
form or human beings have deliberately chopped down
trees. The Romans and Dacians both maintain small
fields around small villages,and supplement theiragricul-
ture with herding, hunting and fishing.

Very few 21st-century homid Garou have ever
seen anything like the wilderness that flashes past
them upon entering the past. For that matter, neither
have many metis or lupus. Even areas far from any
human activity receive pollution from the sky and
contamination in the ground water, if nothing else.
Here and now, there are still forests in which nobody
has ever walked, and if there's anything toxic coming
down, it's ash and smoke from volcanoes, forest fires
and other purely natural disasters. The Gauntlet is on
average 2-3 points thinner than it is in the age of

cee SS Pec PT

impending Apocalypse, 1-2 points thinner than in the
Dark Ages milieu. Spirits do lurk in the places people
seldom go, as do strange creatures whose nature has
nothing to do with modern notions of evolution and
taxonomy. But these things also pose risks to Garou:
whatever the Garou may say about their Gaia-given
role, many things in the natural and supernatural
world have no interest in submitting just because a
changer commands it.

In May the gorges remain cool, with highs seldom
exceeding 70 degrees Fahrenheit. Freezes aren't un-
known, but they're rare; commonly it gets down into
the low 40s or high 30s at night. It rains every two-
three days, in showers lasting anywhere from a few
minutes to three hours. Most mornings are foggy,
though that burns off within an hour of sunrise. The
sun rises a few minutes after 5 am and sets afew minutes
before 9 pm, though it obviously clears the mountains
later in the morning and vanishes behind them earlier
in the evening.

There are three settlements within easy traveling
distance of each other, halfway through the gorge.
These provide the backdrop for the act's actions.


Ferrevndin (row Ford)

Back when Julius Caesar was actively planning an
invasion of Dacia, he commanded the construction of
new fortifications at places along the river that might
be handy for coordinated attacks. This is one of those,
a fort built fifteen years ago for a war that never
happened. On the north bank of the Danube there's a
gravel beach ten yards wide beneath quite low bluffs,
no more than twenty feet high. A contingent of troops
landed there could get up without much difficulty if
supported by good combat engineers. The problem is
that there was no matching good space on the south
bank. That didn't stop the imperial planners, who
ordered aroad cut into the bluff anda fort built to guard
the passage.

The rock here is rich in iron, with many rusty veins
setting off the surrounding limestone. Roman laborers
heaped up the red rock hewn from the bluffs out into the
river, creating a narrow ridge on which they erected an
implausible-looking stronghold. The second and third
stories extended out on each side above the narrow first
level, with scaffolding connecting to the ridge above
and below the waterline. A tower rises on the shore side,
high end for a rope bridge to connect to the bluffs top.
Docks stretch out downstream from the fort.

The fort holdsa garrison of 75 soldiers. A village on
the hillside above the bluff holds another 200 soldiers
and 250 civilians, mostly women, who tend to their
needs. These civilians are evenly divided between Ro-
man subjects, mostly criminals convicted of petty of-
fenses, and slaves seized from the surrounding tribes.

Coutts Ntarhdtus Gora

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 3, Leadership 4,
Melee 4, Ride 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Law 3, Linguistics 3, Medi-
cine 3, Occult 1, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 3
Willpower: 7

Image: Cinna is a short, slightly stocky man with
close-cropped brown hair. (He occasionally shaves it
all the way off, and then gets tired of maintaining a
smooth scalp and lets it grow back.) He generally looks
tired, but not sullen; he's simply worn down by the
responsibilities of command in dangerous and unre-
warding circumstances. When he has the opportunity
to look pleased, particularly when his men do well, he

— eS

a

Act II: Living History

Roman Natwat

Roman names come in three parts. First is the
praenomen, seldom used except to distinguish
between two people with otherwise identical
names; it's a sort of personal name, often inherited
from the father (and modified if the descendant is
female). Second is the nomen, which identifies
the individual's gens or clan, equivalent to a mod-
ern surname. Third is the cognomen, the personal
name, which distinguishes the individual from
any others with the same praenomen and nomen.
It's often a nickname based on a physical charac-
teristic (like Rufus, the Latin for "red," for some-
one with red hair) or some bit of personal history
(like Africanus fora soldier who earned fame in an
African campaign). Friends use the cognomen.

seizes it gladly. He doesn't care about the full details of
ornamentation, but he does keep himself and his gear
ascleanas circumstancesallow and rewards his men for
doing the same.

Roleplaying Notes: Fifteen years ago, you were an
ambitious young man on your way up, and honored to
be chosen for an important position as part of Julius'
war against the Dacians. Thirteen years ago, you ex-
pected to be reassigned to a more active front after
Julius' death. Ten years ago, you still hoped for it. Now
you make the occasional sacrifice to Mars just to
remind him that you're still interested, but you don't
expect anything to come of it.

You'd love the opportunity to do something inter-
esting, but with your command's limited resources and
the defensive advantages the gorge terrain provides
the barbarians, what is there to do? You do try to keep
your men in good shape, so that perhaps they can
qualify for something better than this and because
family pride requires you to do your best. It's just that
war is what you're good at, and here there is no war. In
dark moments you wonder if you could even rise to the
challenge now.

You see Velius as very much an echo of your
younger self, and do what you can to help him earn
some distinction so that he can get on to something
better.

History: The Meridius family came to local promi-
nence in the campaigns against Macedon a century
ago, and the eldest son has taken up military duty each
generation since then. Cinna is the fifth of his line to
serve as a garrison commander. He's been in Iron Ford
for most of two decades, apart from two brief trips to
Rome to take part in ceremonial functions.

41
meray

|

Seren eran nen creme nee son are rca reams rensen aren

Cito Rusontus Villar

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Streetwise 3, Subter-
fuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 4, Etiquette 3, Leadership 3,
Melee 4, Ride 3, Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas |, Investigation 2, Law 3,
Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Occult 1, Politics 2,
Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Resources 3
Willpower: 6

Image: Velius is a tall man with darker skin than
most of his fellow legionnaires — the family's history of
intermarriage into Middle Eastern bloodlines shows very
strongly in him. He has unusually large hands with long,
callused fingers that are seldom at rest, and he's happiest
with tools in his hands and something to make or
improve in front of him. He doesn't devote much atten-
tion to his own grooming, but his gear is in beautiful
condition, and he's very willing to share tips on packing,
weatherproofing and the like with others, so thatit's easy
to tell whom he's been working with recently.

Roleplaying Notes: You've managed to separate
yourself from the family scandal and have started to
earn a reputation all your own. That's fine. Nobody
needs to know. And if anyone ever did bring it up, you
might have to take, well, fairly drastic measures to
cover it up. That concern aside, you're mostly inter-
ested in managing to get away from the Danube, since
you feel that you've done about as much as you can
here, given the limitations of the environmentand the
resources at your disposal. You're curious about what-
ever tales others may have of events and opportunities
far away, always listening for a hint of something that
might help you in your quest for promotion,

Cinna's acquiescence in his rurdisgusts you, though
you believe you've managed to conceal that pretty
well. Youknow thathe likes youand wants to help you,
and if he can, so much the better.

History: Velius' father was a Greek merchant
with political ambitions who managed to make a
complete hash of his schemes and finally committed
suicide to avoid further disgrace. His sons scattered in
search of opportunities where people wouldn't bring
up the Rusonius scandal very often. For Velius, the way
out was the army. He discovered an aptitude for civil
engineering, and has been working his way up through
the ranks with his efforts in the maintenance and
improvement of fortifications, roads and siege gear.

42 PastLives

I

Deutfa

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 4, Expression 2,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Craft 4, Etiquette 2, Leadership 1,
Stealth 1, Survival 3

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Linguistics 2, Medicine 3,
Occult 3, Politics 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4

Willpower: 6

Image: Drusilla is a middle-aged woman with
deeply tanned and heavily wrinkled skin. Her hair is
pure white and thinning, her eyes once sharp blue
but now dimmed by the first signs of cataracts. She
walks with a permanent stoop thanks to many years
of labor that required bending over. Like many
slaves with genuine responsibilities, she shows only
minimal deference to her masters, and carries her-
self with confidence.

Roleplaying Notes: Whining is for those with the
free time for it. You could be much worse off; at the
moment, at least you have reasonably behaved masters
and the opportunity to manage your own little domes-
tic kingdom. If you had the opportunity, you'd cer-
tainly kill them all and take your chances back among
your own people. In the meantime, you do your work
and they do theirs. You are constantly curious about
what's going on around you, and runan extensive trade
in gossip of both innocuous and significant sorts.

History: By modern standards, Drusilla's life is an
appalling tragedy. By the standards of her own time
and place, it's quite typical. She was born in one of the
smaller clans on the fringes of Dacian territory, and
lost her family in a raid by Burebista's supporters on
perceived rivals. She and other girls were taken as
slaves, to provide labor and sex for their masters. She
changed hands twice in the next decade, once when
her captors were themselves set upon and wiped out
and once when her new owners threw her in to
sweeten a deal for amber and other trade goods. That
lasted for the rest of Burebista's reign. In the ensuing
turmoil, she was captured by a band of Dacian raiders
who were in turn wiped out by a Roman patrol com-
manded by Cinna. She's been in Ferrevadum ever
since, gaining more and responsibility for the domestic
duties in and around the fort.

Drusilla is a slave and Cinna is the boss of a foreign
occupying army; they have little to say to each other.
He probably thinks of her only a few timesa year, when
something goes particularly well or badly. The other

|


legionnaires feel much the same way, warm bonding
emotions not being common in these circumstances.
Lonppbite

Lightning does strange thingssometimes. Anyone
who spends a while in forests can see trees hollowed
out by a lighting strike but living on because just
enough of the heartwood survived, or pierced all the
way through horizontally with a hole that never heals
up, or otherwise weirdly deformed. The village of
Longwhite takes its name from one such tree, a pine
tree whose bark was scorched off by a cylindrical
lightning strike. The underlying layer of wood was
shocked dead and won't heal, but new growth contin-
ued. Now the three stands eighty feet tall with exposed
white wood from eight feet above ground level to just
over fifty feet up. Some early settler lost in the night
centuries ago saw the bare wood glinting in the moon-
light and found shelter from his troubles in the vale the
tree overlooks. A settlement sprung up around it, and
while its inhabitants have fled or been wiped out
during tribal wars several times, someone always estab-
lishes a new village on the same spot.

Longwhite is half a mile north of the river, three
miles upstream from Iron Ford. The tree stands at the
crest of a small valley that empties into a narrow cleft
reaching down to the riverbank. There's no natural
beach there, but the Dacians have built up a dike out
of stones pushed over the bluff, which is more than a
hundred feet high on each side of the cleft. Dacian
travelers carry their boats fifty yards up the cleft to a
level patch flanked by a shallow cave and store boats
and baggage there. There's space on the dike to tie up
boats, but erratic surges of current too often tear away
anything left there.

In 65 BCE — 34 years before Act II begins —
Burebista drove out the village's inhabitants, since
they had resisted his early ambitions, and granted it as
a reward to several of his early supporters. Two of the
most memorable raids by Burebista's warriors down the
Danube and against ports held by his enemies were
launched from Longwhite. The moment the village
chief got news of Burebista's death, he immediately
proclaimed his independence from the aged tyrant and
turned against his former allies in the region. His
quickness paid off, with his major rivals slaughtered in
short order and Longwhite positioned as the dominant
settlement in the area. In addition to the portage route
to the river, Longwhite controls a good road through
a rugged patch of the gorge from which it can (and
does) exact tolls for the privilege of swift travel. Those
who choose not to pay can make their own way

Act II: Living History

INN es

overland, with all the risks of moving through an
ancient and unfriendly forest.

Longwhite is now home to eight hundred people,
half of them children. Six major families exert most of
the authority, with war band leaders, priests and other
notable community leaders coming almost exclusively
from their ranks. One adult in ten is a slave, taken
prisoner during the 44 BCE revolt or struggles since
then; fifteen of these are Roman soldiers, most of
whom have long since given up any home of escape
despite the nearness of their comrades downstream.

Dekobdlet

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Leadership 4, Melee 4, Perfor-
mance 2, Ride 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Law 3, Linguistics 2, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Resources 3
Willpower: 6

Image: Dekebalos is a big man, well over six feet
tall and heavily muscled. The right side of his face and
scalp is heavily scarred, thanks to a collision with a
burning branch in the midst of a forest fire, and he has
many scars on hisarmsand legs from battle. His clothes
are all made from the hides of animals he hunted
himself, and they're decorated with claws and fangs
harvested from his kills.

Roleplaying Notes: Your father was brilliant. You
aren't. That's the way it goes. But you're not a disaster
for your clan or village, either: you do a good job of
leading your people when they need leading and of
protecting them from the threatening world, When
you're not required to do your chiefly duties, you have
time to huntand fish and cultivate your prowess at the
big games and small wars that really hold your atten-
tion. When it's time for you to go, you'll know it
because you'll start losing the interesting challenges.
Hasn't happened yet, and you're not worrying about it.

History: Dekebalos' father was the architect of
Longwhite's multiple switches of allegiances, the best
schemer the people had seen in many years. Dekebalos
inherited little of that. He's not stupid, and he has good
instincts for tactics, but he simply isn't a visionary. If
it weren't his father's position, he probably would
never have challenged for leadership, but since his
family is what itis, he does quite a good job as chief. He
seldom gets into more trouble than he can get out of,
and the village prospers.

|

Seren rare rere cen res ar onr  e rempesmsorerensnren rh)

Mibate

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Craft 4, Etiquette 2, Melee 2,
Performance 1, Ride 2, Stealth 1, Survival 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Investigation 3, Linguistics 4,
Medicine 3, Occult 4

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 4

Gifts: Mihascu isa mage of moderate power (Werewolf,
p. 280). He has expertise in the spheres of Spirit and
Entropy.

Willpower: 7

Image: Mihascu looks much older than he actu-
ally is, more like someone on the brink of death than
just past thirty. He has the scars of someone who's
fought both military battles and unarmed struggles
against wild animals, and also the ritual tattooing and
scarification that lets him open up his soul to the
Upper and Lower Worlds where the spirits live. The
energetic dancing his rituals require make him sweat
enough that he favors only a simple kilt and sandals for
ceremonial occasions; other times he dresses in simple
leather garments with an overcoat woven by the mother
ofachildhehealed ina neighboring village. Hehas the
classic distracted look of a shaman, since he is in fact
constantly hearing voices from the other worlds and
they often demand attention.

Roleplaying Notes: A Roman prisoner once said
that in Roman cities there are people who willingly
seek out magical mysteries to study. You laughed. This?
This isn't what you'd like to do, it's just what you have
to do. Father Sky shouted at you when you were still in
your mother's womb and broke the barriers that keep
most people from hearing the spirits, and that set the
course of your life, It's tiring and it hurts and there's
always something else to do. You live for the rare
moments when nobody in Longwhite needs anything
from you, so that you can travel in the spirit worlds
purely for your own study and pleasure. You wish you
could probe the mysteries of the dead village: itrankles
youto have an unsolved mystery so close, but you know
better than to challenge the man-beasts hiding... well,
whatever it is they hide there.

History: Mihascu has been hearing spirits as long
as he's been alive, starting from before birth.
Longwhite's previous shaman knew he was weakening
in the years before Mihascu was born and repeatedly
called on all his spirit allies and subjects to grant the
village someone to take his place before he died. Ir

44 Past Lives

worked. The old man lived just long enough to guide
Mihaseu through the first rites of initiation and see
that the young shaman had some well-placed spirit
allies. The life of a shaman isa busy one, but it includes
manyactionsthatothersdon'tsee because the shaman's
body is ina trance while his soul acts elsewhere, or the
body accompanies the soul on some rare quests. Mihascu
likes the people of his village, but feels understandably
distanced from them.

Angaya

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Expression 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 5, Etiquette 2, Melee 1,
Performance 3, Stealth 1, Survival 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2,
Occult 2

Contracts 3, Resources 3

Image: To casual inspection, Kogaya looks like a
young man of the tribe, with unusually smooth skin for
someone as weathered as he obviously is. He dresses in the
typical boots, pants, and overshirt of the village, and
wears on top of that a loose-fitting over-vest of his own
design with many pockets for toolsand pieces he's crafting
at the moment. It takes success at an opposed roll of
Perception + Alertness against Kogaya's Manipulation +
Performance to realize that he's biologically female.

Roleplaying Notes: You live for your craftsman-
ship. The only time you feel truly happy is when you're
making something both useful and beautiful, some-
thing that improves the life of the person who'll use
reflects well on you and honors the gods of the mate-
rials and their application. You'd give a great deal, and
sometimes have, for new lore of smithing or access to
new materials. Very little else interests you, and you
prefer to remain apart from others' messy and compli-
cated emotional lives.

History: Dacian culture has very strong div
of labor by age and gender, just as most nomadic
cultures do. It also has seldom-used provisions for a
person of one sex to take up the role of the other by
renouncing the old identity and adopting the new one.
This requires a thorough commitment, and there's no
way back —someone who wishes to return to his orher
birth role can doso only in exile. Kogaya wasa girl with
areal talent for metalworking, which isa male preserve
for the Dacians of her clan, Women may engage in
other crafts, but not that one. When she came of age,
she went through the ritual of reassignment, and has

sion


lived ever since as a single man of the community. To
himself and to everyone who deals with him, Kogaya
has been "he" for nearly twenty years. Like many
renunciates, he has a fairly detached personal life, but
the beauty and distinctive elegance of his handiwork
wins him friends and admirers everywhere.

The Dead Vfege
aod the Watttog Pack

Romansand Daciansalike know thatafter Burebista
died, disease flourished on the countless battlefields. In
some cases, whole villages perished. And when that
happened, not all of the dead souls lay entirely quietly.
Where a village could be cleansed and re-settled, it
generally was, but some could only be abandoned. Two
miles downstream from Iron Ford, just over six miles
from Longwhite, such a village stands on a knife-edged
promontory overlooking the river. Ten years ago, five
hundred people lived there, but they're all gone now,
leaving behind only their restless souls to sing songs in
strange languages on dark nights and to wander with
strange beasts come to feast on their lingering power.
Nobody speaks the old village name of Overlook any
more, lest they summon the ghosts.

The people of Overlook did indeed die in a plague
outbreak in 40 BC, but the village's new inhabitants saw
thar they were laid properly to rest. Once the plague
disappeared, a pack of Garou entered the village to
perform rites of burial and repose, and then established
asmall caern as directed in dreams. Their early scouting
revealed that their presence hadn't gone entirely unno-
ticed in either Iron Ford or Longwhite, but was taken as
signs of ghosts. The werewolves promptly set about
reinforcing the legend, playing the part of lurking super-
natural menace for all it was worth. Now no human
being with any knowledge of the area ar all will risk
going within a mile of the site and the Garou may pursue
their plans without fear of interruption.

Scorylo Howls-Like-Ghosts, a Child of Gaia
Philodox, took the lead in establishing what he called
the Waiting Pack. There are long-settled septs not
terribly far away — no more than a few days' travel —
and he had a great deal of very careful negotiating to do
in order to establish his little community without mak-
ing any potential rivals feel threatened. In the end he
did manage it, and each year one ora few Garou arrived,
driven by the same troubling dreams of something rising
out of the river that could only be defeated by the
combined power of Garou and mysterious strangers.
The werewolves keep a constant vigilant watch on
Longwhite and Iron Ford and their surroundings in
search of any clues as to what may be coming. The
village itself they keep comfortable and clean, in the

Se

Tr LEPAAeTUR PEWS EER en ene

expectation that when whatever the trouble is arrives
and is dealt with, they'll be abandoning the area again.

The village is currently home to about a dozen
werewolves, all gathered around the three key figures of
the Waiting Pack: Scorylo, the Wendigo Anja
Windsknife, and the White Howler Aidan Farwatcher.
Each one holds the equivalent of sept office, although
they lack the true authority that actual ranking officials
ofasept would hold. This group isnota sept proper—the
site of the village is nota caern —and the social dynamic
isa strange departure from the typical Garou hierarchy. If
a sept is a military outpost and temple combined, the
Waiting Pack isa self-organized militia with a touch of a
cult of dreams. The unusual nature of its structure should
be a sign to most Garou that something is indeed up.

The three core members of the Waiting Pack, and
about half the assembled Garou, are bound under the
pack totem of Owl. Their totem spirit cannot foresee
what is coming, but has a sense that — just like the
village that is their lair — the energies of death are
somehow connected,

Jeoryle Fonkt-Like-Cibeakt, Grand Geer,
Master of the Ries and Taletinger

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Children of Gaia

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (1/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Primal-
Urge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 3, Leadership 4, Melee 4,
Stealth 4, Survival 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 2, Occult 2, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Ancestors 3, Contacts 2, Kinfolk 3,
Rites 4

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Resist Pain, Scent of the True
Form, Truth of Gaia; (2) King of the Beasts, Luna's
Armor, Strength of Purpose; (3) Disquiet

Rage: 6; Gnosis: 7; Willpower: 7

Rank: 3

Rites: (Accord) Cleansing, Contrition, (Caern)
Moot, Open Caern, (Mystic) Binding, Becoming,
Spirit Awakening, Summoning, Undying Pursuit
(Renown) Accomplishment, (Seasonal) Long Vigil,
Winter Winds

Fetishes: none

Act II: Living History 45

mame

|

Sere rer ere core are AP aS re mrrwrennerensv

Image: Scorylois the local member of the Waiting
Pack as well as its founder. He looks like a middle-aged
man from any of the local villages, worn by the passage
of time, carrying an honorable set of scars and small
trophies woven into his clothes from hunts and battles,
and not amused by much that goes around him.

Roleplaying Notes: When you were young in the
ways of man and wolf, you yearned for responsibility.
Luna, as she so often does, answered your prayers in a
way that makes you wish she'd lett well enough alone.
You've been at this adecade now, and have no idea how
longyouhave togo, and you have tokeep the werewolves
you lead in some semblance of hope and discipline. You
wish very much you knew more about what you're
waiting for, but can'tafford to show weakness before the
rest, It's a pity solitude carries such risks of its own. The
good part of it, of course, is that you getto meet and hunt
with werewolves from far-away lands, and you love to
learn what they've seen and done.

History: Scorylo used to belong to one of the
packs that preys along the Danube, making life more
exciting for Romans and Dacians alike. Then he
started having the dreams of the coming Drowned
King. The elders of his sept professed themselves
baffled by his visions, but exhaustive testing (the scars
of which he still carries) confirmed that there is no
deceit in them, only mystery, and he was released to
follow his own path. He's spent the last ten years
dividing his time between training the pack in the
dead village and roaming the countryside in search of
strangers drawn to join him.

Aja Whaltknife, Warder,

Kzaper of the Land and Wyrm Foe

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Wendigo

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Leadership 3, Melee 4, Stealth 4,
Survival 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Medicine 2, Rituals 5
Backgrounds: Ancestors 2, Fetish 3, Pure Breed 2,
Rites 3

Gifts: (1) Camouflage, Falling Touch, Inspiration,
Resist Pain, Smell of Man; (2) Cutting Wind, Spirit of
the Fray, Staredown, True Fear, (3) Bloody Feast,
Reshape Object

Rites: (Death) Gathering for the Departed, (Sea-
sonal) Great Hunt, Reawakening, (Mystic) Undying
Pursuit

Fetishes: Fang dagger

Image: In Homid form, Anjaisasmall stout woman,
almost all muscle, who moves with constant wariness
anda perpetual scowl. She keeps her long black hair tied
up in tight braids, and shields her dark eyes beneath a
cap orhood indaylighthours. Her featuresare broad and
flatter than the Dacians', but her origins aren't obvious
toanyone who lacks knowledge of northern tribes. (Ifin
doubt, an Intelligence + Enigmas roll, difficulty 6, can
settle the question of whether a particular character
makes the leap of recognition.) In wolf or Crinos form,
she has a grayish-brown coat, and her Wendigo Pure
Breed becomes more evident.

Roleplaying Notes: You're thestranger inastrange
land that a Jewish traveler once told you about, when
you shared a tent one stormy night by the Aral Sea.
Dacia is too hot, and the hours of light and dark are
strange, and the very spiritsspeak with strange accents.
Sometimes youdoubt that there's any real truth in your
dreams, and then you compensate with a flurry of
particularly zealous activity. You train your fellow
dreamers and direct the lies that keep the humans
away, and wait and hope that someday this will all
mean something. You would give a great deal for solid
answers. Yourarctic upbringing toughened you against
what the locals think of as cold, and you do indulge in
bouts of showing off, like swimming comfortably in
snow melt long after others have fled for dry warmth.

History: When Anja went through First Change,
she was already a skilled hunter for her people, a small
tribe living just south of the Arctic Circle in Siberia.
With her rapidly developing talents as the classic
Ahroun, she soon saw the path of her life laid out
clearly, as a champion of the endless struggle against
the things gnawing at the roof of the world. It would be
busy, but rewarding in its way. Then the dreams
started, of something rising out of a warmer sea, far
away beyond where the sun sets, so far south that every
day has hours of light and hours of darkness. She tried
to ignore them, but they grew stronger and stronger,
easing only when she began to take her first steps away
from home. Whenever she faltered, they strengthened
again. After more than two years of wandering across
Siberia, the steppes, the Caucasus and the shores of the
Black Sea, she found her way to the Danube gorges and
her first meeting with Scorylo. To her surprise, she's
ended up with much the role she thought she'd fit,
simply in wildly different circumstances.

46 Past Lives

ee


|

The one thing that nags at Anja's conscience is
something she was given freely, On her journey to the
Danube, one night she took shelter ina cave belonging
toa grizzled old man. The old man taught her arite, one
she'd never heard of before, claiming that she might
need it more than he would. She originally presumed
the man to be Garou, but now she's not sure ifshe met
aspirit in mortal guise, or something else. The rite was
more complicated than she thought she could master,
and she's since noticed that her overall mastery of rites
is greater than she'd presumed. Anja is now very
concerned that this strange rite of sacrifice is directly
tied into her destiny. She taught it to Scorylo and
Aidan after learning of their great ritual knowledge,
reasoning that even if something were to happen to
her, someone would be at hand to perform itshould the
need arise. She dreads the need ever arising.

Adan Farwapeher, Capekeopers

Trulbeuftcher awd Tilettuger

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: White Howler

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 4, Primal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts 3, Leadership 1, Melee 3,
Performance 2, Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Law 3, Medi-
cine 1, Occult 3, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Ancestors 3, Fetish 3, Pure Breed 2,
Resources 2

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, of the Wild, Persuasion,
Smell of Man; (2) Call of the Wyrm, Jam Technology,
Lion's Bite (see pg. XX), Song of Rage; (3) Burning
Scars*, Foaming Fury*

*; A Gift now preserved only by the Black Spiral
Dancers, and corrupted by them. See Werewolf, p.
273, for descriptions; keep in mind that for the White
Howlers these Gifts produce eerie, even unearthly, but
not overtly corrupt or vile manifestations. Neither the
Gift nor its user exude any taint of the Wyrm. Aidan's
scars are Wyld designs and his rabid foaming is a pure
white venom.

Rage: 6; Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 6

Rank: 3

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of Summon-
ing, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Undying
Pursuit

Fetishes: Harmony Flute, Spirit Tracer

Image: Aidan is a tall young man with very fair
skin, heavily freckled face and bright red hair, which is
constantly frizzing out of control and splitting into
barely manageable tangles. He favors a massive wool
cape and kilt, with copper-trimmed boots and gloves,
unless he needs to pass himself as someone less exotic.
He's quick to laugh and to frown, and is almost always:
in motion, even if it's just pacing back and forth, In
Crinos and wolf forms, his fur is the bright white his
tribe is famous for.

Roleplaying Notes: The war against the world's
enemies is of course a very serious matter, but then the
loss of passion is one of the enemies' weapons. So you
make ita point to feel things deeply, to really enter into
the spirit of the moment, whatever itis. You also know
that the right solution to a mystery is confrontation:
confronted with a secret, you prefer to peel back its
hide until the truth stands forth. The years of waiting
for answers about your dreams have left you quite
frustrated and sometimes prone to fits of uncontrolled
anger; you miss your home and worry about your pack,
and want something to happen, already.

History: Aidan is a native of northern Scotland,
and was born intoa tribe already in decline, even ifthe
White Howlers seldom speak of their worries or the
pervading sense of doom. Until he began having
dreams of the Drowned King, he was nothing very
remarkable. His talents only really flourished once left
the highlands and began experiencing the rest of the
world. He never dreamed that the world was so big, and
spent almost as long in his journey as Anja did in hers,
thanks to more and lengthier side trips to examine
features of interest. He's also learned in the last couple
of years that has quite a talent for metalsmithing, and
has spent most of his time recently studying the craft
and the spirits whose blessing or curse affects the
smith's work.

Jtene 1: Jufo fhe Apcitpors

The world has been woven so as to bring the
players' pack into the reanimated past fairly close
together. The characters drift apart slightly as they
rush down toward the world, but all remain within the
triangle of forest marked off by the three settlements.

Each character gets a very brief glimpse of a werewolf
that seems somehow familiar, and then feels herself

inside a new body.

The Prete

As noted in the Preparatory Work sidebar above,
the Storyteller should plan the host ancestors care-
fully. Keep in mind that the goal isnor to screw over the

Act IT: Living History 47

a SD ee SN


Sere ere ee cornea eaves are omer a remcmnrwrenserenv

ae AA

characters or force players into a no-win situation,
Choose options that will enhance the drama and fun
for your troupe, and ifa complication seems likely to be
more nuisance than pleasure, skip it and go for the
simpler alternative. The following are all important
things to think about.

© Garou, Human or Wolf: All Garou have mixed
ancestry, and in addition to the Garou drawn to the
Waiting Sept, there are humans and wolves in the area
from whom the characters are descended. Ifa character
enters the body of a normal human or wolf, the
character's first challenge is to draw in enough of the
Garou's distinctive spiritual force to create a sort of
temporary awakening. At sunset each evening, the
character may make an opposed roll of Gnosis versus
the local Gauntlet rating (minimum of 2 dice). Once
the player accumulates (15 - Gnosis) successes, the
character's body goes through a change reminiscent of
First Change and the character can make use of the full
range of Garou abilities. When the character leaves at
theend of the act, this transformation wears off and the
host body returns to its normal condition. (This is so
clearly impossible under regular circumstances that it
may help prove the point that the characters are in a
reflection of the past, not the material world of 2000
years ago.)

The character may also end up in the body of an
ancestor who is Garou but who hasn't undergone her
First Change yet. Forcing this to happen now requires
thesame roll asabove, but only (10-Gnosis) successes.

A character's host belongs to the same tribe his or
her descendant does. Yes, some crossbreeding is ulti-
mately inevitable, and a character could have ances-
tors of other tribes, but this chronicle poses enough
challenges as it is. The Storyteller should keep this
consideration fixed and simple.

* Sex: If your troupe enjoys some unusual
roleplaying challenges, one or more of the characters
can end up in a host body that doesn't share the
character's physical gender. Don't do this if it will be
heavily annoying or just an excuse fora bunch of cheap
gags (we've all seen the "Hey, I have boobs!" gag
before, and it's not that funny). Keep it as an option for
players who are likely to enjoy the change of pace and
can play the character's disorientation and resulting
challenges well.

* Breed: Most characters who enter Garou hosts
are drawn to hosts who share their breed form. This
doesn't have to be the case, however. The Storyteller
may assign a breed form to the host, or even determine
such randomly. Keep in mind that by definition, metis
Garou don't have descendants, so it'sa choice between
homid and lupus Garou.

4

——

© Physical Attributes: The character's Mental
and Social attributes apply immediately. This does
include Appearance, as characters with high Appear-
ance know or intuit how to conduct themselves with
an appealing grace and style even if their actual physi-
cal features aren't immensely attractive. The host
body's physical Attributes should be determined by
the Storyteller as appropriate. If these are improve-
ments for the character, she can rely on the host's
Attributes. If her own attributes are higher, she can try
to call on her own spirit's strength to make the host
body perform better than it usually can. This requires
an opposed roll of her Attribute versus the host's
Attribute, and requires the accumulation of one suc-
cess per dot of her Attribute score. She can attempt
one such roll each day, at sunset.

If the character keeps the host's Stamina then
whatever scars the host has remain. If she overwhelms
the host and imposes her own Stamina her battle scars
emerge. They fade aftershe leaves, healing like regular
lethal damage.

© Abilities: The character retains the full use of
his Abilities, unless there's a compelling reason other-
wise (such as a host's battle scar impeding Athletics
rolls), In addition, he can attempt to draw on his host's
Abilities. This requires a Gnosis roll, difficulty 8; each
success allows the character to retrieve one dot's worth
of the relevant Ability. The borrowed Ability can be
used for the duration of the scene. The most obvious
use the players will have for this tactic is drawing on
their hosts' Linguistics; it's unlikely that any pack
members are going to be fluent in conversational Latin
or Dacian, much less able to give the impression of a
native speaker. Of course, the High Tongue of the
Garou is essentially unchanged.

© Gifts & Rites: The characters use their own
Gifts and rites as normal. They cannot access any Gifts
their hosts may possess, but they may try to work a rite
the host knows by first rolling Gnosis (difficulty 9) to
understand the process, and then accessing their host's
Rituals score.

© Miscellaneous: Characters retain their own
Rage, Gnosis and Willpower, and cannot use the
host's; these are integral parts of their own spiritual
personalities. If a host possesses higher Pure Breed
than the character, the character may draw on this
Pure Breed, although at one less dot of efficiency; the
character lacks the bearing to complete the picture. If
the character possessed equal or more Pure Breed than
the host, he may use the host's Pure Breed score
without penalty. A character cannot use his own Pure
Breed score at all, of course.

Past Lives

eee a meee nln <,


Athi,

The characters arrive on the scene by "falling
into" the host bodies of their ancestors; the sudden
sensation of the weight and warmth of flesh may be
disorienting, although extremely welcome. All of the
hosts are somewhere near the north bank of the Danube,
between the haunted village and Longwhite, although
theyaren't necessarily together; the ancestors were not
a pack, and didn't associate that closely with one
another. The Storyteller can play up the separation by
taking each player aside in turn and describing the
situation in private.

Naturally, the host bodies lack any sort of identifi-
cation that means anything to the characters. (Unless
the Storyteller has decided to place an old family heir-
loom in one of the hosts' possession, which spoils the fun.
of guesswork but substitutes a strong sense of fami
character can begin rummaging through the mind ofher
host to draw out specific tidbits of information (much
like using Gnosis to draw on an Ability; see above),
although the Storyteller shouldn't point this out to the
players; let them experiment and discover the quirks of
their new incarnations on their own.

The host bodies are near enough one another that
reassembling the pack shouldn't take too long (par-
ticularly if the players use howls to communicate), but
the initial period of separation can help stress the
unfamiliar, isolated feeling the characters are likely to
endure. The time of day is before sunset, but after the
sun has gone behind the western mountains.

Once the pack is reassembled, and beginning to
come to grips with their strange situation, they have a
generally free choice of direction. But if any of the
characters venture more than a few miles north, they
find that they begin to weaken, losing one Gnosis and
one Rage per hour. The sensation is unfamiliar to the
characters, although a Theurge or other spiritually
inclined character might deduce that it's similar to
stories of spirits straying too far from the area to which
they're attuned. Experimentation shows that lost Rage
and Gnosis can be regained as normal, but only if the
characters return to within a few miles of the Danube,
between the haunted village and Longwhite. As it turns
out, the characters are indeed attuned to this stretch of
river — this is where the Drowned King will emerge.

In any event, the characters are likely quite tired,
both in spirit and in (borrowed) body. The first order
of business will entail getting something to eat, and
deciding where to spend their first night in the area.
The river water is quite fresh, and game is rather
plentiful, so food and water won't be too much of a
problem. The weather is clear, so the characters

wee. eee

a en,

shouldn't be too uncomfortable spending the night
outdoors, particularly the lupus.

Camping out does attract some attention, though;
a hungry and irritable male bear, who's likely to try

attacking one member of the pack in the hopes of

gaining a meal while the others flee. Of course, the
characters are in no real danger from an ordinary bear,
but this encounter may give them the chance to try
using their new bodies in a stressful situation.

Zeon Bear

As with many other brown bears, this specimen is
quite aggressive and quite unpredictable.
Attributes: Strength 7, Dexterity 2, Stamina 6, Per-
ception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Intimida-
tion 4, Stealth 1
Willpower: 4
Armor Rating: 2
Attacks: Claw (8 dice), bite (8 dice)

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1,-1,-1, -2, -2,-5, -5,
Incapacitated

Jeene 2: Three Vectiogt

Once the initial shock of their new bodies has
worn off, and presumably once they've had a night's
rest to help along the adjustment, the characters will
probably set about exploring their surroundings. As
before, they have relative freedom to travel upstream
or downstream; moving too far from the river causes
the same weakening as before. Depending on their
course of travel, they're likely to run into one of three
groups — the Roman occupation force from Ironford,
the Dacian locals from Longwhite, or the Garou who
keep an eye on the region.

The Rowant

Ifthe characters travel along the riverbank or cross
it to the south shore, they'll attract the attention of a
Roman patrol. Character hosts native to the area
usually know at least the rudiments of Latin, and the
soldiers know at least a bit of Dacian, and Gnosis rolls
can supplementas necessary, allowing for a sometimes
awkward but not insurmountable situation. The pa-
trols are wary of anyone proceeding in a hostile-
looking manner and try to capture people who suggest
the attitude of scouts for a fresh invasion. Unarmed or
at least relatively unaggressive strangers get a civil
welcome and directions to the fort at Ironford. The
typical patrol is a commanding officer with 3 or 4 dots
in key Traits, leading 5-8 soldiers with mostly 2s anda
few 3s and 4s.

Act EL: Living History 49

erway


Seren rar rere cee re are orc ae umserensenrensrw

At Ironford, a recording officer wants the charac-
ters' names and purposes in the area. He's used to not
getting very useful answers, and the characters can get
themselves into trouble with this but have to work at
it a bit. Velius enters at the end of the recorder's
interviews and speaks to the characters in search of
signs of interest in or aptitude for construction work.
Knowledgeable characters get offered work on the
spot, with Roman citizenship available as a reward for
good work and an immediate cash bonus and quarters
in the buildings outside the fort. Cinna meets with
characters who can make a plausible argument that
they have something warranting the centurion's at-
tention; he's bored overall, and not particularly hiding
it, but willing to listen to something interesting. Both
Cinna and Velius are resolutely skeptical about most
native superstitions.

If the characters have been to Longwhite, the
haunted village or both, Cinna prompts them for news,
with Velius in attendance. Velius clearly thinks more
about subduing the independents nearby than Cinna,
whose major concern is avoiding another war and not
losing what he has right now.

Drusilla approaches the characters on their way
out. She's sensed something strange about them but
doesn't know whatit is. She warns them of the haunted
village, and also warns them that attempting anything
against either the Romans or the people of Longwhite
will likely get them into trouble. If reasoned with or
cajoled (especially with Gifts such as Persuasion), she
can explain as much as anyone in the area about the
history of the region.

The Woff Stuation

Both Romans and Dacians regard wolves ac-
tive in the area as a sign of trouble, and respond
with hunting efforts. They're good at it, too, sig-
nificantly better than just about any hunter the
characters have encountered before. Hunters get-
ting slaughtered en masse arouse alerts within the
point of origin and may well also travel across the
river, making it significantly harder forany stranger
to travel unnoticed. Outsiders in human form will
be solicited to join the hunt and may be regarded
with suspicion if they decline without having a
good reason. To avoid making this last part a total
obliteration of the players' freedom of choice,
include a moment in each of the human settle-
ments where someone declines a routine task
because of a personal oath, geas or curse, as a
reminder that such things matter here and now.
Canny players should be able to work out the rest
for themselves.

50 Past Lives

eT

a fee

The Dachant

Characters approaching the vicinity of Longwhite
are carefully watched by Mihascu and by spirits he
commands. The spirits do not attempt to hide them-
selves, and can be easily discovered by any character
putting a little effort into Umbral reconnaissance.
Mihascu himself seems ordinary enough, although
appropriate Gifts for detecting supernatural energies
may point him out, and he does cast a faint reflection
in the Penumbra. His own soul is clean of Wyrm-taint
and other signs of major problems; he's just alert,
spiritually aware and very curious.

Mihascu is able to determine that the bodies the
characters inhabit have "lost their names" and won-
ders what the heck is going on. If the characters
antagonize him, he does his best to warn the tribe
against more spirits wandering loose outside the haunted
village; if they manage to avoid offending him too
badly, he remains cautious but willing to observe
further.

As far as Dekebalos is concerned, there are three
sorts of people outside his authority: those who might
help him, those who might make trouble for him and
everyone else. The first group is a very small one,
mostly including the relatives of the people in his
village elsewhere in Dacia. The second group is domi-
nated by the Romans, who don't seem likely to mount
a war anytime soon, but could, and the ghosts in the
haunted village, because it's just never good to have
the dead that active that close. The young men of the
village patrol the surrounding area in groups of three,
looking for anyone they can't identify and attempting
to ascertain which sort of person a stranger is. These
encounters are cautious butneutral at the outset. If the
characters botch social interactions, then one or more
of the patrolling locals decides to see his chance for
glory in battle and combat ensues. The survivors of
such a clash flee in an effort to get support.

Characters brought to Longwhite, either as prison-
ersorasfree travelers, get at leasta little of the chieftain's
attention. He wants news of the world around him as
well as news of the travelers themselves, and condition-
ally settles for a bit of mystery around the strangers. The
conditions he requires in turn are that the characters
haven't made too much trouble for the people he leads,
and that they can illuminate questions like "What are
the Romans up to now?" Note that he is, like all his
people, not informed in matters of scholarship and
profoundly superstitious, but he's not stupid. And inso-
far as he's gullible, his advisors like Mihascu provide a
check on any foolish impulses. The characters may find
themselves facing substantial skepticism if they try
tricks intended to impress stupid natives.


Kogaya ignores the characters unless they display
crafting talent (mundane or magical), which rouses his
professional and artistic interest, or unless they give
some sign of having switched genders —a male charac-
ter in a female host, for instance. The latter attracts his
personal interest. Note that he speaks of his own gender
as a matter that changed at a specific moment in the
past, when the ritual of role change was complete.

For the villagers at large, the more the characters
seem exotic in familiar ways — travelers with interest-
ingt sting lore to share — the better the
welcome. It would be possible for a sufficiently slaugh-
ter-minded pack to arouse the village as a whole to a
bloody hunt, but this would take a lot of work, and the
Romans would intervene as soon as they saw the
people of Longwhite mobilized that way.

The Werewofer

The local werewolves prow! throughout the area,
but there aren't that many of them. Each day the
characters spend traveling in the area, make a Percep-
tion + Alertness roll for one of the named werewol
difficulty 6 or opposed to Wits + Stealth if the charac-

and inter

Sy

ters are trying to hide. When the werewolves of the
haunted village detect the characters, Scorylo ap-
proaches them, using every tactic of peaceful greeting
he knows to convey a lack of hostile intent. In particu-
lar, he politely reminds the characters that they should
have introduced themselves with howls when they
entered the local territory, but that he isn't offended.
He hopes that his evident forgiveness of the small
Litany breach will make the characters feel indebted to
him, but grateful for his understanding.

Like Mihascu, the werewolves of the haunted
village immediately notice the characters' strange-
ness, and they knowa lot more about what toask. They
presume that the characters have been brought here by
dreams, much as they were. (They assume correctly, in
away; the character's ancestors and hosts were indeed
drawn here by dreams.) If the characters avoid con-
frontation at the outset, Scorylo explains the purpose
of the Waiting Pack and asks for the characters' story
once the pack can gather. Aidan is willing to act in his
assigned role as Truthcatcher... which may create a bit
of trouble if he uses any of his tribal Gifts around the
characters. They immediately notice the unfamiliar


|

smell around him, and any characters who've encoun-
tered pureblood Black Spiral Dancers recognize the
similarity. There's fresh potential for confrontation
here, which Anja may have to settle down with au-
thority and personal force.

Characters who don't win the whole-hearted trust
of the Waiting Pack — or vice versa —are "invited" to
take part in a series of truth-testing challenges. One of
the characters and one of the members of the waiting
pack engage in an extended opposed roll ofa single skill,
like Athletics orClimb. When one of the rivals accumu-
lates twice the successes of the other, the loser must
explain another part of their situation. If both accumu-
late successes equal to the stronger Gnosis of the chal-
lengers, each must make such a statement. The ratio-
nale here is that demonstrating Garou prowess earns
one aclaim on secrets that may matter in this situation.

Ifthe characters tell the Waiting Pack everything,
their hosts react with a mixture of curiosity and dishe-
lief. Scorylo points out that the characters are mani-
festing in their host bodies in much the same way that
ancestors who are out of control take over their de-
scendants' bodies. But the characters' tale would imply
that they are the spirits of the unborn, and it is clearly
impossible that the unborn can be as knowledgeable as
an adult. Irisn't natural. The suggestion that the world
as the Waiting Pack knows it is not really the world,
but in fact aspirit-world memory goes over even worse.
Most of the native werewolves decide that the charac-
ters are being affected poorly by the dreams that
brought them there, and that they should rest until
they're themselves once more — although Scorylo
puts it very politely.

Optimally, the initial encounter should end with
the characters and the Waiting Pack feeling that they
have a common interest in the upcoming conflict. If
the characters for some reason sour relations with the
Waiting Pack, they are still allowed to remain in the
area, butare watched from afar to make sure they don't
rile up the local humans. Most of the locals believe that
the characters are here for a purpose, just as they
themselves are, and are willing to put up with some
eccentricity to avoid spoiling whatever larger scheme
Gaia has laid out for them.

Jtene 3: Before the Food

Scene 3 is not really a scene per se, but rather a
period between scenes. The characters now have a
minimum of one week and a maximum of one month
before the Dead Sea earthquake. The Storytellershould
adjust the length of this interval based on how much
fun the players are having in these unfamiliar sur-
roundings.

52

a 2 ee

Past Lives

[Se team (/

This scene may also, if the Storyteller wishes, be
used as a chance to award some experience points for
the events of Act I] and for the players to spend them.
If the characters are spending a couple of weeks in
ancient Dacia, this might be a good rationale for a
crash course in Survival. Of course, awarding and
spending experience points is usually a sign for players
to relax their guard, and it may be preferable to keep
them on their toes, wondering what will happen next.

Over the course of time of Scene 3, a number of
potential vignettes may play themselves out. The
following are recommended as particularly appropri-
ate, and the Storyteller may devise others as needed.
Rely on your sense of dramatic timing for the pacing of
thisscene. If the players are getting too complacent (or
worse, bored), wrap things up quickly. On the other
hand, don't rush through this scene too quickly; there
are several opportunities to foreshadow the final events
of the act, as well as some of the events of Act III.

© The Doomed Sister: In Act I, the characters
encountered the dying spirit of an ancestor's sister,
who also chose to fight the Solium and eventually
perished. That same sister is, of course, here. She is
present for the same reasons her sibling is; she may not
have had the same dreams, but she came along to make
certain that his or her mysterious quest would succeed.
She will, of course, want to spend time with her sibling,
and will not understand why her own kin is acting so
strangely, The character inhabiting her sibling will
have the unhappy choice of pretending that every-
thing is fine as best he can, or of trying to be honest.
The most compassionate thing to do would be to
pretend that everything is normal, so that she can
spend the last days before her doom free of external
worries — but is it right?

© Familiar Faces: Some of the members of the
Waiting Pack, as well as the other Garou who have
been drawn here by their dreams, may seem familiar to
the characters. That's because some or all of the
werewolves here are fated to share the same end as the
ancestors whose bodies the pack inhabit — to be
separated from their physical selves and bound to the
Solium Submergens, battling it throughout the depths
of the Dark Umbra until the modern era. Although the
spirits clinging to the Solium were only half-visible
and hard to recognize, the characters may piece things
together as they spend more time with the local
werewolves. Again, do they tell these werewolves of
their doom? If they did, what difference would it make?

* Anja's Ritual: At some point, one of the local
Garou should make some mention of the unusual
preparations some of them have taken in coming here.
He mentions the dreams, the importance of burying


the village's dead, and makes an off-hand reference to
Anjaapparently carrying a strange ritual with her, one
that she's been reluctant to teach to others. If the
characters ask Anja or any other werewolf that the
Storyteller has decided knows the ritual as well, the
response they get is cryptic — essentially, that it's a
ritual of great sacrifice called on in times of dire need.
She (and others who know the ritual) is reluctant to
speak of it further, as she worries that the rest of the
werewolves gathered in Overlook would assume that
she was planning to use it. The truth is that Anja is
terrified that the ritual might be necessary, although
she can't think of any other reason that she herself was
called here. Discussing the matter in too much detail
makes her irritable, which in turn puts Scorylo on edge
as the group's integrity is endangered.

¢ Humans and Wolves: If the character
interested in further pursuing leads among the Romans
and/or Dacians, they certainly have the opportunity;
high-Rage characters still engender suspicion and fear
among some of the locals, but in an era of dangerous
people, this isn't totally unusual. The characters may
visit each site just to see how people live, or perhaps
even initiate a quick romance or one-night-stand if
feeling lonely. (Yes, it would be unusual fora character
to, in the host body of his ancestor, sire his own many-
times-great-grandparent. It's also probably a little
cheesy and a little expected. Be warned.) Lupus in the
party may be far more interested in searching out a
local wolf pack, just to see how well their wolf brethren
are doing in the time period. Unfortunately, there are
unlikely to be any permanent wolf residents within the
area that the characters are bound to, thanks to the
humans' hunting efforts (see "The Wolf Situation,"
above.) However, a lupus might find a wolf pack
passing through the area, or just moving in; they
probably react with the usual trepidation toward a
strange lone wolf, but their simple presence may be
reassuring enough.

* Invitation to a Hunt: This classic scenario is
founded in traditions and ideals near and dear to the
Garou's hearts. Sharing a hunt is a ritual form of
bonding, and in more than the simple "macho blood-
shed" stereotype — it's a chance for a host and guest
alike to demonstrate their skill, and to share in the
honor and duty of providing food. It can be a chance
for the characters to show off a bit (particularly if
invited to a hunt by Dekebalos or another human,
where covert use of a Garou's supernatural powers
could be very impressive), which most players appreci-
ate. It can also be a chance for the characters to set
aside their worries for just a few hoursand be werewolves
— running through the woods on all fours, with no
distractions but the forest and the scent of prey.

are

a

Act IT: Living History

¢ The White Howler: Being confronted with a
member of the Tribe that Fell, the characters may well
demonstrate some curiosity — the players are almost
certain to. Forhis part, Aidan reacts pleasantly enough to
characters that ask to learn about his tribe and their
stories, although he may find it strange if they seem more
curious about his tribe than about the more exotic (for
here) Anja's. He relates the tales of a few notable Howler
chieftains — Druoe Giantslayer, Megwi Wisest Stone,
Braithe the Son of Lion and others, his tales tending to
focusmore on brutal acts of valorthan honorable and wise
conduct. This focus is not Aidan's personal preference; it
issimply the way ofhis tribe. He does not voice his worries
about the seeming decline of the Howlers unless a char-
acter manages to win his implicit trust, and even then he
speaks with the reluctance thatcomesof speaking ill of his
cousins. However, if a character tries to confirm his
suspicions by telling him that the tribe is doomed to fall
tothe Wyrm, Aidan angrily refuses to believe that it will
come to that, and cuts off contact with the character. His
pride will not allow him to believe that his own kind
would sink so low.

Jiene 4
The Drowned Xtng

The night before the Solium emerges, all Garouin
the area are beset by strange dreams and vivid night-
mares, In particular, the characters experience two sets
of dreams — theirs, and those provided by the subcon-
scious of their hosts. The two dreams overlap one
another, with one and then the other alternately
gaining priority. Further, the characters know with the
certainty that one "knows" things in dreams that these
are indeed two separate sets of visions and nightmares,
not simply one single surreal dream with a rapidly
shifting point of view.

The Garou wake to the ground shaking — the
earthquake that rocked the Black Sea and caused the
tidal upheaval that will bring the Drowned King here.
This far from the epicenter, the effects are minor, but
earthquakes are not a common occurrence here. Ev-
eryone from the superstitious humans to the local spirit
life sees this as a bad omen. Something greater and
worse is on its way.

Fate doesn't disappoint. Four hoursafter the tremor,
ahuge tidal wave sweeps through the gorge, shattering
both Ironford and the portage point for Longwhite. It
moves at 80 miles an hour through the gorges, tearing
trees from the banks and utterly demolishing any small
boats that might be on the river. The flood swamps the
banks, making travel along the river all but impossible
for anyone with less than Garou abilities.

pm a me ir my

|

ae AA

Anyone venturing to the river makes an excep-
tionally unpleasant discovery —huge chunks of bloated
white flesh, like those of a waterlogged corpse, are
strewn along the riverside. Their physical stench is
incredible, like a sea poured out of drowned men's
lungs; their spiritual stench is just as revolting, and
clearly of the Wyrm. As the tidal wave passes and the
flood begins to recede, these massive gobbets twitch
and move, oozing like giant slugs toward one another.
Preventing them from rejoining is all but impossible;
they're numerous, very heavy, resistant to cutting
damage, and regenerate damage at the Solium
Submergens' usual rate.

The regeneration should take about ten minutes,
but it's best if the time is customized to the scene
Optimally, one or more characters should discover the
beached gobbets of Wyrmish meat, move to gather
allies, and be back on the scene at the time the monster
has reassembled the bulk of its body. Representatives
ofall three factions— Romans, Daciansand werewolves
— arrive as the creature knits itself back together. As
the bloated, pale monstrosity draws itself fully together
and rears against the sky, one of the observers on hand,
perhaps crazed by Delirium, perhaps woefully lucid,
names the beast.

"Solium Submergens." The Drowned King hasarisen.

The Pathe

The characters are probably quick to join battle;
after all, it's rather obvious that this is why they were
brought here. They have help, as well. The Waiting
Pack launches into action, as might some of the
hardier Roman legionnaires or Dacian huntsmen. Most
humans are impeded by the Delirium, but some from
each camp should join the battle in heroic fashion.
They're likely to die, of course, but their help doesn't
go unappreciated

The Drowned King begins the fight at roughly half
strength; it inflicts half damage with its attacks, and
cannot effectively use Charms. (It retains its copious
Stamina and armor, however.) Each successive turn, it
gains an additional dot of Strength and the use of one
of itsCharms, until in full function, The Solium should
get to wreak some massive carnage as it recovers its full
capabilities; any humans near where it's beached are
devoured, smashed or hurled into trees or rocks with
bone-cracking force. Mihascu may be another appro-
priately dramatic casualty; when the spirits he sends
prove ineffectual, he risks getting within range to try
banishing this horrible monster from the spirit world.
His magic is not strong enough, however, and the
Drowned King singles him out and crushes him in
reprisal.


The battle against the Solium works much like the
one in the Act L. Of course, the characters have help
in the form of other werewolves, but the Drowned
King is much stronger in this time period. It can more
easily destroy a character, but in its current state it isn't
driven by as much hatred — only hunger—and it does
not discriminate between the players' characters and
other targets. Those characters that it does attack may
very well die—orso it would seem. Upon being driven
below Incapacitated by the Drowned King's attacks, a
character manages to linger on somehow — stunned
and dangling on the edge of consciousness, aware of
what's going on even when unable to act.

Nonetheless, the Solium Submergensisn't invulner-
able, and it can tell when it's suffering enough pain that
it must be in danger of losing its life. When the Drowned
King is reduced toa wound penalty of -4, itgives up on its
current meal and begins to slither back to the river,
floating on the receding floodwaters and diving below the
surface in search of a way across the Gauntlet. If it gets
away here, there's no telling where it mightresurface next
—and how are the Garou to pursue?

The Rie

The Waiting Pack reach a decision quickly, even
if only one of them survives — the Rite of Undying
Pursuit must be used. When the Drowned King begins
its retreat, Anja begins to adorn herself in the blood of
the fallen and chant the oaths of undying vengeance.
(If Anja has been slain, Scorylo or Aidan will do the
honors.) She sacrifices two points of Rage and two
points of Willpower to hasten the rite to its quickest
form, but by that time the tremendous Wyrm-beast is
likely already out of sight —she needs a name to target
it. (Hopefully, one of the players will thoughtfully
supply that name in this dramatic moment; if none
think to, though, a dying person on the battlefield can
doas much.) Asshe completes the rite, a wash of power
passes over the riverbank, and the surviving members
of the Waiting Pack collapse to the ground, their
spirits flying under the river's surface to begin their
eternal pursuit. The spirits of those slain that linger on
do the same. (Only one Storyteller-controlled Garou,
of the Storyteller's choice, chooses to remain — for
there must be a witness, someone to carry the tale.
Anja may be the most likely, particularly as it would
explain the otherwise unlikely passage of the Tale of
the Shaking Sea to the Americas.)

The characters also have the choice of surrender-
ing to the rite and abandoning their newfound bodies

EEE

a ANA EN

Act II: Living History

— and it must be a choice. The Storyteller shouldn't
try to influence their decisions either way; although
consigning their spirits to what may very well be
eternal conflictin the Dark Umbra is the proper choice
for the story's advancement, the players shouldn't
operate under that assumption. As the characters
stand on the brink of choice, they feel an odd sensation
—the spirits of their ancestors, of their host bodies, are
leaving their bodies and surrendering to the rite. A
character can now choose to remain in the host body
as the sole occupant, and live out the rest of his life in
this setting — more than he has to look forward to in
the future, considering that his original body is "dead."
The Storyteller should feel free to hint at this option,
so that it seems to be more of a valid choice. The only
other hint that the Storyteller should offer the players
is that they are Garou, and should live or die as a pack
— either remaining here, or joining their ancestors in
the fleeting hopes of finishing the Drowned King.

If the characters choose to remain, the chronicle
takes an interesting turn. The pack members are now
effectively the only Garou for many miles in any
direction, and can claim this territory for their own.
The bonds of destiny have been broken — their
ancestors made the requisite sacrifice — and they can
now freely travel beyond the Danube area. Several
sessions of adventure in Roman Empire-era Europe
can be the result. However, the characters do not really
inhabit flesh bodies, but have bodies made of ephem-
era. Keep in mind the rules for disconnection
(Werewolf, pg. 230); when an appropriate amount of
time has passed, the characters convert into ancestor-
spirits anyway. A character with strong Enigmas or
other Umbral lore can realize this, and may start
plotting some sort of way out. Alternately, they may
never realize this, and may live out the rest of their days
inaworld far from the Apocalypse. It really depends on
what the troupe enjoys doing.

Presumably, though, the characters choose the
path of sacrifice; ifnothing else, they may well be ready
to inflict some lasting revenge on the Solium any way
they possibly can. When they consent to ride the Rite
of Undying Pursuit, they feel themselves disconnect-
ing from the unfamiliar host bodies and being pulled
toward the Drowned King. As the Solium tunnels
across the Gauntlet to the Dark Umbra proper, the
characters and other bound ancestor-spirits follow it
through, leashed to it by invisible cords, fighting the
whole time. Act II] may now begin.

NN
amneed



|

The only reason people want to be masters of the future is

to change the past.

— Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting

Joene 1: Opp of the Pat

The first scene of Act III has no clear climax or
turning point. It is a state of transition, as the charac-
ters again find themselves without flesh, plunging
through the labyrinthine tunnels of the Dark Umbra.
But where before they had the leisure (if such a word
can apply in a place like this) to travel at their own
pace, now they barrel through the tunnels tied to the
Drowned King, locked in perpetual battle with it
alongside the spirits of their ancestors.

No dice-rolling should be necessary for this un
ending combat. The characters are weightless, and can
move around more or less as they please; however, they
are tethered by invisible cords to the Solium
Submergens, and are pulled wherever it goes. It is, if
you will pardon the egregiously fannish reference,
much like the mutual fall of Gandalf and the Balrog,
only withouran ending. The spirits separate from their
target and are drawn back to it, raking and biting its
flesh. They are bucked off, and yet cannot be left
behind. Now and again, one of the ancestor-spirits is
crushed, swallowed or otherwise brought to zero Es-

Act IIT: Witnesses

sence and fades from view, only to reappear alongside
the Drowned King some indeterminate time after-
wards, refreshed from full Slumber.

Time has no meaning during the ongoing fight;
without fatigue or hunger or thirst or any concerns
other than the perpetual battle, the characters may not
even think in terms of time any more. The unending
struggle against the Solium Submergens as it writhes
through the twisting, slick tunnels of the Dark Umbra
is the entirety of existence.

The most peculiar aspect of this surreal, vicious
experience is that when the characters fall into Slum-
ber to rest, they dream, Nothing in Garou lore suggests
that spirits dream while in Slumber, and yet the
characters drift through visions of other people's liv
people who seem greatly familiar and yet are unknown
to them. When they wake, they are forced to concen-
trate on the ceaseless battle with the Solium, but these
strange dreams continue to haunt them whenever they
fade into Slumber once more.


Seer ere eran care are cA APS ares rrerensnaren

However, the Solium — and the pack — aren't
headed directly back to the modern era. The charac-
ters will be bucked off the Solium three times (or
perhaps more; see the Expanding the Chronicle
sidebar), to fall into three separate historical events —
the fall of each of the Lost Tribes. In effect, each of
these three events (the Three Great Deaths, as some
know them) has left such an indentation on the Dark
Umbra that the characters find themselves drawn to
them spiritually along the way. If the Solium's path is
astream that flows downhill to the present, these three
events are indentations in the streambed that the
stream will flow into, fill, and overflow before continu-
ing on its way.

Preparatory Work

Act III will be the most labor-intensive of the
chapters for Storytellers who like to have statistics
for just about everything on hand. Optimally, the
Storyteller should have general notes on the host
bodies that the characters possess in Scenes 2
through 4; a sketch of the character's name, breed,
tribe, auspice, appearance and Attributes will prob-
ably be enough. The characters won't be spending
much time with other Garou who know their hosts
intimately, so they have more freedom to act as
they ordinarily would without too many explana-
tions. Again, try to customize ancestral hosts with
the players in mind; properly handled, these scenes
should leave the players happily musing on how
their ancestors happened to be all of these places
at just the right (or wrong) time.

Sample statistics for White Howlers or Black
Spiral Dancers met in Scene 2 have been pro-
vided, as has a generic member of the Red Talon
hunting pack from Scene 4; however, the Clan of
the Crow and the corrupted Sky-Shakers pack
could certainly be detailed further. The other
hunting pack from Scene 4 has not been detailed,
as it should be just a touch less powerful than the
players' pack.

Vik Stryker's Eagle's Nest pack has not been
detailed, either; the characters are a little less
likely to fight them, and the Eagle's Nest is happy
to let the players' pack engage in most of the
mayhem and reap most of the glory. They can be
easily ad-libbed by presuming they're Rank 3 at
the time —not quite at the peak of their glory, but
still respectable adventurers by any yardstick —or
the Storyteller can enjoy an exercise in pulp-era
adventure by designing full statistics for them.
Whatever suits your play style best.

a 2 eee

Once the players have gotten a basic idea of what's
going on, and have tried one or two things — but
before they've adjusted enough to get comfortable —
proceed to Scene 2.

Rewwteg the bipar Stenat

Scenes 2, 3 and 4 of Act III are unlike any other
scenes in Time and Tide, but all three have a number of
things in common. Each one, as the name implies,
centers on the pack being witnesses to one of the three
great losses of Garou history — the dooms of the three
Lost Tribes.

The Witness scenes are designed to he relatively
short in nature, each one probably running forno more
than a single session. In fact, all of Act III could be
played in a single session, if the characters are decisive
and the frills of each scene are filed off. However, it's
easy enough to expand each one even further, if the
characters are basically enthralled by the idea. Some
ideas for doing so are provided for each scene.

Also, each of the Witnessscenes has what's marked
asacrux—thisis, essentially, the turning point where
the characters' actions make a difference. If the char-
acters behave nobly and well during the crux, they are
able to bring more of a sense of closure and peace to
that portion of the Umbra, in effect applying balm to
the wounds left open by the fall or loss of a tribe. The
Storyteller should take careful note of how well the
characters do in the crux, and whether their actions
would soothe or aggravate the events of the fall. For
each scene that the characters bring the crux to a
successful result, an additional beneficial result should
come to pass in the modern world. For instance, if the
characters successfully defend the Bunyip during the
crux of Scene 5, relations with the ghosts of the Bunyip
may be somewhat improved. In this way, the charac-
ters are able to affect the present despite being unable
to change the past; atoning for their ancestral sins,
rather than preventing them.

What brings the characters to these scenes? Again,
the remarkable chain of destiny has linked different
generations of the characters' ancestors. The blood-
lines of those who stood against the Solium Submergens
in Dacia are repeatedly drawn to the points where the
Solium has emerged into the material world, and the
Solium is itself drawn to points of significant tragedy
and suffering for the Garou. Its utmost hatred for the
horrible wolf-things that defeated it at the Danube
brings it instinctively to the places where the Garou
suffer most, so that it can salve its wounds with their
pain and shame.

58 Past Lives

TS SE A

|


the characters are themselves acting much
as their own ancestors did to draw their relatives to the
scene, though they have no knowledge of it. While the
characters fall into Slumber and dream of other lives,
their forebears in each of the relevant time periods
experience dreams that bring them to Scotland, to
Roanoke and to Australia. When the Drowned King
breaks through to be present for the tribes' fall, the
characters have subconsciously arranged a way to play
apart as witnesses as well. If they take advantage of the
opportunity, they may be able to case the pain of the
Garou racial memory in each case, thus thwarting the
Drowned King again and again.

Ofcourse, the players may not figure out this chain
of connection until after it's all said and done, but
that's fine; they'll be plenty busy. When the chronicle
ends, they can use Enigmas and other resources to
figure out just why everything happened the way it did.

Epavding, the Chrowlilé

Ofall the portions of the Time and Tide chronicle,
Act II] lends itself the most to further extrapolation
from the Storyteller. There isn't enough room enough

Act IIT: Witnesses

SS

in the book to add further Witness scenes to Act III
here, but if the Storyteller is willing, there are a
number of historical events that the characters could

theoretically relive during their journey back to the
present. In particular, if the Storyteller wishes to use
the options of freeing some of the ancestor-spirits of
the Lost Breeds (detailed in Chapter Four), the char-
acters could witness the Shadow Lords' purge against
the South American Camazotz. Otherhistorical events
of interest might include the invocation of the Rite of
Still Skies that bound the Storm Eater, a sojourn in the
time of Dark Ages: Werewolf, or becoming entangled
in one of the World Wars.

Note, however, that the characters are traveling
forward through the generations. Noside jauntsshould
take the pack farther back than 31 BCE— the charac-
ters' ties to the Solium Submergens hinge on that
battle, so it cannot carry them to a time before their
ancestors fought it. The first War of Rage and the
Impergium should probably be left off the itinerary.

Ultimately, the number of added stops in the past
should rely on the players' interest. If your troupe is the

——!


|

sort to start cracking Time Bandits or Quantum Leap
jokes after the first couple of stops in the past, there's
no point in extending their time in the past. On the
other hand, if they're thoroughly excited by the possi-
bilities of playing a short series of "historical stories
feel free to add in another stop or two. Just don't let
them forget that they must eventually return to the
modern era and settle up with the Solium Submergens.
Try to spin it so that the climax of the chronicle is
something they look forward to resolving, not some-
thing they would rather postpone indefinitely.

This scene takes place in the remembered past of
Scotland, roughly 200 years after the birth of Christ.
As with the previous act, the characters fall into the
bodies of their own ancestors (although obviously a
different set), who have in turn been drawn to Scot-
land following strange dreams and visions. It's best to
divide these hosts into two groups; one a small pack of
"more local" Garou (suchas Fianna and Get of Fenris),
and a small group of outsiders currently speaking to a
White Howler guide (who in turn plays host to the
spirit of Aidan Farwatcher).

Artif

Asthe Solium Submergens nears the first "bubble"
on the return voyage, the light overhead begins to
shift. Soon the characters become aware of the sensa-
tion of rising, and of currents in the Umbra cutting
around them ina clockwise direction. As they get their
bearings, it hecomes evident that the Drowned King is
rising through another Umbral whirlpool. The sensa-
tion of cold, churning water surrounds the characters,
and when the Solium breaks free, it's under a nightsky.

The Solium bucks, and the characters — still in
spirit form — are thrown off. But unlike in the Dark
Umbra's tunnels, the bonds of the rite seem to loosen, or
he characters fly free of the Drowned
King, hurled high into the night sky and far inland.
They hear the smash of a great wave upon the shore
below them, just as when the Solium emerged from the
seain Act]. Again, they feel thesensation of descending
down upon an unfamiliar landscape, and being drawn to
new bodies that stand on a cold, rocky hil
dead of night. The moon hangs close to the western
horizon, almost full and a disconcerting yellow hue.

First, the characters will have tomake adjustments
to their new forms, much as they did at the beginning
of Act II (p. 48). Their hosts are broken into two
groups, about half a mile from one another. As the
characters take stock of the new situation, one of the
groups notices that one of the Garou among them is

ide in the

a fee

not inhabited by one of the players' characters. The
host body is that of a female White Howler, and its
possessing spirit is Aidan Farwatcher — for some
reason, Aidan has been hurled into a body as well.

Characters familiar with Scotland may recognize
the terrain or some of the local foliage (which is denser
and less "civilized" than in the modern era), Those
familiar with astronomical lore may be able to deduce
their general location from the stars (difficulty 7), as
well. Aidan, of course, immediately recognizes his
homeland and says as much once he's adjusted to the
pure strangeness of inhabiting a body not his own.

Once the pack has regrouped, they have a chance
to discuss their options. The characters have no real
way of telling what year it is, which begs the question
of whether the land is currently held by White Howlers
or Black Spiral Dancers. Aidan does recognize the
general area, though, and is initially rather relieved;
the party is about twenty-five miles from his home
village and the nearby caern. If the party is willing,
Aidan volunteers to lead them to someone who might
beable to put them up for the night. The group is about
a mile away from a friend's uncle, a worthy Kin who
participated in many of his relatives' raids for mates
and glory before age and scars settled him down. His
house isn't large, Aidan says, but it's stone and good
cover. He won't recognize Aidan's body — for that
matter, Aidan doesn't recognize her —but he's Kin, so
he'll have to listen to a Howler anyway. It's as good a
place as any to figure out their next move.

A Poor Welcome

Crossing the highlands doesn't take much time,
particularly since the pack is able to assume wolf form.
Before long, the pack is able to pick out the stone
house, and smell the remains of a cook-fire. Aidan
takes the lead, calling out "Brachi! A Howler has
come! Make a light, and bring food!"

However, he's answered by a hurled spear, The
house is home not to Aidan's contact, but to a small,
motley group of clanless raiders who are reluctant to
give up their sturdy hideout. The raiders fight with the
strength of desperate men — they know if they're
caught, they'll be killed — but they are in no way
prepared to face werewolves. The characters may allow
the raiders to flee in Delirium-inspired terror, or they
may simply take out their bad tempers on a small group
of men nobody will ever miss.

Investigation of the house after the raiders have
been dealt with (prompted with appropriate Investiga-
tion rolls and use of the wolf-form's smell) leads to
some interesting results, The raiders have been staying
here for about a week and a half, but the house shows

60 Past Lives

EE TS i <z


signs of long disuse before their presence. Although it's
difficult to tell specifi s apparent that before the
raiders were here, the house has stood empty forseveral
years at least. If the characters somehow make super-
natural inquiries such as successfully contacting local
spirits or other creative uses of their resources, they
find that the house has been empty for fifty years, and
the last people to use it were a young couple who died
of fever.

Then a howl echoes across the hills — the An-
them to War, with the intonation that means "Pursu-
ing to lair." The White Howlers are hunting, and
they're close by,

Pterwan Rebdere

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3; Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2; Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge |,
Intimidation 1; Archery 1, Melee 2, Stealth 2, Sur-
vival 2; Investigation 1, Medicine 1

Willpower: 4

Attacks: Spear (Strength +1, lethal), bow (4 dice
lethal) or knife (Strength, lethal)

The Chan of the Chow

The characters should have no difficulty following
the sound to the Howler pack. The Pictish werewolves
are a young pack overall, and full of bloodthirst; they
lope across the highland as gleefully as if they were
traveling to a festival.

These White Howlers are quite likely to react
poorly to the characters, who are after all outsiders in
Howlerterritory. A fight may break out if the characters
are insufficiently diplomatic. The Howlers are expect-
ing to confront Wyrmish foes tonight, and the charac-
ters might just be the ones they were warned about,
wearing the skins of Garou as bait. On the other hand,
a persuasive character that goes to the effort of winning
the Howlers' trust can learn quite a bit from them.

© The leader of the pack is Maugh the Axe; the
pack calls itself the Clan of the Crow.

© The Howlers recognize "Aidan" as Bone-
Whittler, a Theurge from the Sept of the Mile-Deep
Loch some two days' travel distant. They note that
she's a good ways off from home, and keeping strange
company.

© One of them recognizes the name of Aidan
Farwatcher — a Howler of some standing who wan-
dered off to die in foreign lands, chasing his dreams,
some two hundred or so years ago.

© The pack is currently on the move to reach the
Sky-Shaker Pack, a band of heroes who set out two

ee

nights ago to challenge the Spiral. They were expected
to enter viaa local gateway, conduct a quick ritual and
aquick raid and return. Ifasked about "challenging the
Spiral," Maugh explains that it's a great honor — a
descent into the Underworld, where they
the foes of the Wyrm in ritual fashion and gain much
wisdom. The rite is sacred to their tribe, and they hope
ir'll one day show them the way right to the Wyrm's
heart, so they can tear it out.

© A Theurge of theirsept prophesied that the Clan
of the Crow would come face to face with minions of
the Wyrm tonight, and that Garou strength would
prevail. Obviously, the pack is elated to have received
such a fortunate foretelling of glory. The idea that the
warning might tell of Wyrmish Garou whoare stronger
than they are is ludicrous; no true Garou would serve
the Wyrm, after all!

The Clan of the Crow absolutely refuses to aban-
don their mission; they swore an oath to carry it out,
and are adamantly against breaking their word in such
a way. However, nothing in their oath forbids them
from helping fellow Garou along the way. If the char-
acters want to come along, they're welcome to. For his
part, Aidan asks the characters to doso; he's convinced
that the rite freed them from the Solium for a reason,
and the missing Sky-Shaker pack worries him.

If the characters fight the Clan of the Crow and
put up a strong struggle, the Howlers may break off
combat after a couple of them are taken out of the fight
— it's clear that their foes are genuinely Garou, and
they do have other business to attend to. If the charac-
ters kill any of the Howlers, the Clan of the Crow fights
to the death. Such an outcome sours Aidan's feelings
toward the characters, and he quickly abandons them
in order to search out more news of his people.

If the characters are left on their own by slaying
the Clan of the Crow and alienating Aidan, they may
travel in any way they desire. However, they begin to
weaken (losing Rage and Gnosis; see page 49) if they
travel more than a mile to the east or south, or more
than four miles to the north or west. Some clever
triangulation may reveal that the heart of the area
they're bound to—a valley marked bya strange tunnel
dug into the earth at the foot of a hill.

Young /tipe Pron far

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard or Ahroun

Tribe: White Howler

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

an confront

Act IIL: Witnesses 61

———a

eis


|

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 1,
Expression 2, Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 1

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 2, Leadership 1, Melee 3,
Performance 2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas |, Law 1, Medicine 1, Occult 1,
Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 1, others inapplicable to the
scene

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Haunting Howl*, Master of
Fire, Razor Claws, Sense Wyrm; (2) Pain-Strength*
Rage: 7; Gnosis: 4; Willpower: 4

Rank: 2

Rites: None applicable to the scene

Fetishes: One out of every four warriors has a fang
dagger; one out of every ten a klaive.

Image: The White Howlers are dressed for war —
warpaint in coiling blue and green designs adorns their
snow-white fur, and they wear little else. Every inch of
their stout, muscular frames bulges with tension, and
their muscles are knotted with anticipation and Rage.

Roleplaying Notes: You are one of the proud sons
(or daughters) of Lion, the greatest and most fearsome
warriors the world has seen. You revel in your Rage and
passion, allowing it to drive you forward — none can
resist you when you're in the throes ofa fury. All things:
are reduced toa simple "kill or be killed" in battle, and
you are now racing toward the greatest and most
glorious battle your people have ever known.

The Mouth of the Spbral

The hole tom in the ground is quite innocuous-
looking. Ir isn't lit with Balefire, it's not marked with
profane glyphs, and although the taint ofthe Wyrm
wafts from within, the mouth itself doesn't reek of the
Wyrm; the source is farther in and down. In fact,
there's no one thing to clearly mark the opening as the
Pit so notorious in Garou history, although the char-
acters may have already drawn the connection on their
own. If the characters are accompanied by the Clan of
the Crow, the young pack bids them farewell and
descends into the tunnel; they mean to complete their
errand to reach the Sky-Shakers.

If the characters have explained something of the
White Howlers' doom to Aidan (or if they do so at this
point), he is compelled to react. His first impulse is to
race into the pit, in an attempt to reach the Sky
Shaker Pack and pull them free if he can. Needless to
say, if the characters allow him to pursue this course of
action, Aidan is never heard from again. However, the
characters should be able to talk him out of this suicide
run if they want to; after all, chey know more about
Black Spiral Dancers than Aidan ever will. If they

agree that it's a good idea, and decide to accompany
Aidan into the tunnels, they are probably going to die
—which is certainly a better option than reaching the
Labyrinth down within. Even this Dark Umbral reflec-
tion of the Labyrinth draws on the power of the actual
Black Spiral deep in Malfeas, and the characters'
currerit'status as ancestor-spirits in no way lessens the
danger they, would be in.

Whetherthe characters decide to enter the tunnel
or not, within a few minutes they hear the Call for
Succor emerge from below — like the sound of an
injured pup, but voiced by a full-grown Garou. If the
Clan of the Crow has already entered the tunnel, the
characters can then hear their battle-howls.

Investigation reveals that a badly wounded White
Howler; his skin torn by Garou claws and teeth, is
attempting to escape the tunnel. The Clan of the
Crow, ifpresent, have thrown themselves deeperdown
to confront his pursuers. If not, the characters have to
move quickly before his pursuers arrive. The wounded
Howler is feverish, and can only mutter a few words in
the High Tongue.

"Taken... turned on... warn... doom..."

If the'characters act to heal the Howler in some
way, through)Mother's Touch or even an Intelligence
+ Medicine roll, he regains some of his former strength
and lucidity. His name is Cororuc — a name those
familiar with the Howlers' history will recognize as the
one who survived, the one who brought warning to the
Fianna of the doom of his tribe. He is a member of the
Sky-Shaker Pack, and the only one to still be truly a
White'Howler — something about the challenge of
the Spiral corrupted his packmates, and they turned on
him when he resisted. Now he pleads for assistance —
his warning must be heard!

Hopefully, the characters are noble enough to
agree to aid Cororuc. There are two ways this would
work best. First, they may try healing him or escorting
him out of the valley; if he can get far enough away
from the Pit, he can cover his tracks for a while and
bring his message home. Second, the characters may
volunteer to hold off his former packmates for as long
as they can. Although a noble gesture, this is potential
Suicide, depending on the general power level of the
characters' pack. The Sky-Shakers were one of the
most powerful packs in the region, and the Fall is
unlikely to have dulled their edge much. Even if the
Clan of the Crow went on ahead, they're unlikely todo
much more than stall the Sky-Shakers.

(Of course, it is possible that through player ac-
tion, Cororuc is slain in this reflection of the past,
never managing to take his warning to the Fianna.
Although the characters cannot change history, a

62 Past Lives

a


result such as this could strengthen the Black Spiral
Dancers' ancestral ties in the modern world, while
weakening the Fianna's. The characters' actions may
not change history, but they do matter— if the players
underestimate their importance in this scene, the
Garou Nation may suffer for it.)

When the characters decide where they are likely
most needed, Aidan then chooses where he'll go; if the
characters decide to confront Cororuc's former pack,
Aidan tries to escort Cororuc to help. If the characters
decide to be Cororuc's escort, Aidan sets out for the
nearest Kinfolk village in hopesiof getting some Kin 10
safety. If the characters argue for him tostay with them,
he politely — and emotionally — refuses, claiming that
he trusts them to accomplishtheir task, butthathis task
needs doing as well. He will not take no for amanswer,
and he won't stand for theirpack breaking up to try
covering both jobs. The chatacters have a destiny that
is larger than his; his destiny is with his tribe,

Their decision made, the characters must leap into
action. The fallen Sky-Shakers are coming.

Newsorn Pack Sete Dancer

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard or Ahroun

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancer

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5); Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),

Stamina 4 (6/2/7/6)

Social: Charisma 4; Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Ap-

pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 5)Dodge 3,

Expression 2, Intimidation, Primal-Urge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 2, Leadership 2, Melee 4,

Performance 2, Survival 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Law 1, Medicine 2, Occult 3,

Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 1, othetsinapplicable to the

scene

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Haunting Howl*, Master of

Fire, Razor Claws, Sense Wyrm; (2) Lion's Bite*, Pain-

Strength*, Spirit of the Fray, Staredown; (3) Blooding

Fury®, Foaming Fury, Sense of the Deep*, Silver Claws,

Song of Rage*; (4) Maddening Howl*

Rage: 8; Gnosis: 6; Willpower: 5

Rank: 4

Rites: None applicable to the scene

Fetishes: One out of every two warriors has a fang

dagger or devilwhip; one out of every five a klaive.
Image: The Black Spiral Dancers would have the

appearance of powerful, charismatic White Howlers

— bur their fur is plastered to their skin with strange,
oily fluids, and the white of their coats has taken on an
unhealthy greenish-yellow tinge. The unthinking ber-
serk fury that they possessed as White Howlers has
been replaced with a malevolent cunning, and many
grin madly as they sét about their new tasks.

Roleplaying Notes; Your world has been shat-
tered and rebuilt imone endless night of violation and
pain. Yowcannotspeak of theiprofane glories that were
shown you; in time, perhaps, the words will come. But
for now, there is only the ecstatierapture of a virgin
night stretched out before you, and the chance to
inflict yourself upon it.

*This Gift appears in(Chapter Four of this book.

The CuK

The cliaractérs may not immediately understand
the crux of thescene,or whythey are meant to be here.

They haven't arrived here to try to prevent the fall of

the Howlers, as much as they might like to do so.
Instead, they need to.protect the wounded Cororuc
long:enough for him to getia head start on his fallen
packmates. It is Cororuc who provides the first warn-
ing of the Black Spiral Dancers towthe other Garou
tribes, and easing his mission softens the agony sur-
rounding'this critical event.

Attant Poor

In the default outcome of this scenario, Aidan is
presumed ot to return to the Solium —his fare, bleak
as itis, is to be present for the doom of his tribe and to
perish nobly (thoughivainly) fighting the first-Black
Spiral Dancers. Itsisn't a happy destiny, buviit is one
that celebrates the Garou virtues/of courage and faith.

Ofcourse, the Storyteller may choose to avert this
fatey Having Aidan continue to be subject to the Rite
of Undying. Pursuityand ultimately being freed upon
the Solium'sdeath in the 2 1stcentury. Aidan would be
the only White Howler ancestor-spirit left in the
world, and thus would be a valuable spirit ally to the
characters. In this form, Aidan would be a source for
the White Howler Gifts printed in Chapter Four, and
something of a sign of hope — something that was
good and noble about the White Howlers managed to
outlive the tribe. (He would also be a source of future
plot hooks; certainly if the Black Spiral Dancers learned
of hisexistence, Aidan would find himself the target of
multiple Rites of Summoning...)

Asalways, let the spirit of your game be your guide.
Having Aidan survive to the modern world as an
ancestor-spirit is a bit too "happy ending" for straight-
up Werewolf, but it might work fine for a game that
tinkers with the feel.

Act TIL: Witnesses 63

ee er ee ee


Seren eres caren nar A aro re smrrrensenren

The Refurn

If the Storyteller is choosing not to expand the
scene, the scene likely ends at moonset — when Luna
dips beneath the horizon, and the Howlers are sym-
bolically lost to her grace. The characters may be in full
battle with the former Sky-Shakers at the time, or
racing for the edge of the valley to get Cororuc to
safety. The Storyteller should choose a point that is
suitably dramatic, with some sense of resolution but
with the doom of the Howlers clearly on the way.

The characters feel a tug on their beings, the same
pull that they felt when Anja completed the Rite of
Undying Pursuit. They leave their host bodies, living
ordead, and are drawn across the landscape back to the
sea. There they see the same whirlpool that surrounds
the Drowned King's arrival from or descent into the
Dark Umbra, and the Solium disappearing back into it.
The characters are pulled back under into the dark-
ness, and the eternal battle begins again.

Ektanding the Soene

The Fall of the White Howlers didn't happen all at
once; it took time for the newly turned Black Spiral
Dancers to hunt down their relatives. Storytellers
interested in expanding this scene can use this time to
their benefit, letting the players try taking defensive
measures to protect the Howlers and their Kin, only to
slowly become aware of the creeping corruption that
has already been devouring the tribe.

Scene 2 may be extended up to the fall of the Sept
of the Mile-Deep Loch if the Storyteller is willing. The
Book of the Wyrm has more information on the last
days of the White Howler tribe, and the siege that
eventually brought the last tribal elders to Malfeas.
The characters likely spend their time trying to rally
White Howlers to a place where they can stand to-
gether against their fallen brethren, as well as uncov-
ering more evidence of just how many of the Howlers
and their Kin had secretly fallen long ago.

For something shorter, a scene of Kin evacua-
tion might be appropriate. Aidan knows of anearby
Kin village, so close to the pit thar it's sure to be the
newly converted Dancers' first target. He insists on
moving to protect them as best he can. Of course,
the best way to protect them is to evacuate them, If
the players go along with this course of action, the
scene can be expanded to an overland chase. The
characters must shepherd several frightened fami-
lies of Kin to Fianna territory, where they will have
a chance; naturally, a pack or two of Black Spiral
Dancers chases them the whole way. Success in this
venture — or even a noble failure — may even
count as the crux point for this scene; after all, in

64 Past Lives

ee Se

a 2

doing what they can, the characters have ensured
that some legacy of the Howlers goes uncorrupted.

Jeewe 3:
The Croapant Sactifiee

The scene begins as characters arrive on the Outer
Banks of North Carolina, specifically on Roanoke
Island, in the year 1589. The Eater-of-Souls itself has
manifested on the site of the Lost Colony, and the
entire Croatan tribe — some thousand or so Garou —
has gathered here to banish the Eater-of-Souls in the
only way they know how. They plan to sacrifice their
entire tribe, and thus return Eater-of-Souls (or Jipijka'm,
as they call him) to the Umbra.

The ancestral hosts that the characters possess for
this scene are a more eclectic collection than usual. The
gatheringof the Croatan drew a few of theirallies. Several
Uktena and Wendigo went to the Croatan's final tribal
moot to hear their last words, and the ancestors of any
Uktena, Wendigo ormore mixed-blood characters might
be among them, as might Red Talon ancestors.

This is a particularly tricky scene for characters of
strictly European descent. Historically, the only Euro-
peans on Roanoke Island at the time of the Lost
Colony were, well, lost afterwards; none escaped to
have children later. The Bone Gnawer William
Wythers is one European Garou who managed to win
the Croatan's trust, and survived the events of the
sacrifice; a Bone Gnawer in the pack might possess
him. As a result, none of the European-descended
characters are likely to have ancestors who lived here,
unless they have some American Indian blood in them
a ways back. However, some of the characters' ances-
tors may have stowed away on John White's ships to
reach the New World, drawn by reasons they can't
explain. These characters have lain low since the
Black Spiral Dancer-instigated battle between the
settlers and the Croatan, and are only now working up
their courage to try reestablishing contact.

Thus, the characters may he split into two groups.
Those with native ancestors find themselves among
those Uktena and Wendigo who have come to bid
farewell to Middle Brother. Those who inhabit stow-
aways find themselves beginning the scene on the shore
of asmall, brackish sound, on the fringes of the action.

For the story of the Croatan's sacrifice as the
Wendigo remember it, see Litany of the Tribes,
volume 4.

Artif
The Solium breaches by one of the barrier islands
surrounding Roanoke. The whirlpool surrounding the


Solium is even more agitated than before; the seas
around the islands are unusually treacherous, filled
with rip currents and undertow, and these crosscurrents
only enhance the disturbance around the Drowned
King's arrival. Just as before, the characters are shaken
free from it, the bonds of the rite temporarily relaxing
as they fall forward into a new set of bodies. More
specifically, two.

The island itself is heavily wooded, a mix of

cypress, juniper and white cedar, and only a few miles
across, On the west side runs a wide river (what will be
called the Alligator River); on the east, a brackish
sound. The island itself is protected by the barrier
islands farther out; these islands, mostly dunes, receive
the brunt of the wave stirred by the Drowned King,
sheltering Roanoke Island. Wherever the characters
are on the island, they can hear distant noises like
thunder, and the faint

hoes of a Garou war-song.

Asusual, the characters may use Gnosis rolls to tap
their host's memories and other means of adjusting to
their new circumstances.

The Naftoar

Characters with Uktena, Wendigo or other po-
tentially "native" ancestors find their new hosts in a

small Indian village in the forest, grouped with a
handful of Uktena and Wendigo from nations across
the East Coast, all dressed in the fashions of pre-
colonial America. Some are in Glabro, a couple in
Crinos. All appear very tense, with the exception of
one old Apache who seems more lost in thought than
anything else, These Garou quickly notice their allies'
stance. Although they
speak a medley of American Indian tongues, they
revert to the High Tongue (the language all share in
common).

The Garou gathered here are some of the dearest
friends to the Croatan. Among them are the young
Wendigo warrior Little Fox, friend to Wanchese, and
the famous Uktena Ragabash Old Red Eagle, of the
Apache. Although the Croatan invited no others to
take part in their sacrifice, the small group in the
village are all those who came of their own free will, to
hear the last war howls of Middle Brotherand to ensure
that the corruption spread no further.

The village itself is protected by a great rite worked
by Old Red Eagle. Characters who succeed ata Percep-
tion + Rituals roll will note many glyphs of power
painted on the surrounding trees, marking out a circle

disorientation, and offer


|

of protection. As much as some of the Garou here
would like to leave the circle and assist their brethren
(Little Fox in particular), Old Red Eagle has forbidden
it. It is their duty to remain there.

However, the characters are apparently here for
another reason, and their duty lies outside the circle.
The only difficulty is convincing their fellow Garou of
it. (If they don't, they may find themselves wrestled to
the ground if they just try leaving.) Thankfullyyat least
one of the Garou here knows the Gift: Truth of Gaia,
which isa start, and the Uktena with Sense Magic can
tell that there's something different about the charac-
ters that wasn't true before. If the characters can effec-
tively argue that they have had visions guiding to this
place (which is true), and that there are others coming
who share acommon destiny (also true), Old Red Eagle
will let them pass. This leads to a furious outburst from
Little Fox, whodemands tosee his friend Wanchese, but
Old Red Eagle will only let those the characters leave.
He warns them that if they are planning to see Middle
Brother, they must respect Middle Brother's wishes;
then he sings a short prayer for their safety. The charac-
ters may then leave the circle and rejoin their friends.

The Sowawaye

Conversely, those characters whose hosts are un-
invited stowaways find themselves well outside the
Indian village and the human settlement alike. Their
characters are dressed in shabby, lower-class garb ap-
propriate for the time (if they are dressed at all), which
offers some hint as to the time period. Most homids
with any history knowledge can guess that they're
somewhere between the Middle Ages and the late
1700s, but it takes a particularly well-read historian to
accurately guess the year. After all, the characters
aren't wearing the sort of about-town garb that was
most commonly illustrated in the history books,

The first thing the stowaways hear is the crash of
the Solium's tidal wave smashing into the barrier
island just across the sound. The Drowned King itself
is not visible from where the characters stand. They
have some time to gather themselves and adjust with-
out having to deal with outside stimuli, although the
thunder-like noise and the sound of distant Garou war-
songs do reach their ears.

If the European Garou decide to follow the noise,
they're likely to reach the scene of the sacrifice before
their colleagues; afterall, they don't have to argue with

Old Red Eagle and his ilk.

Eaper-of Sout

As the characters draw nearer to the sounds of
battle, they can make out more specific details. The
songs seem to be of death and glory, and are almost

ritualistic in their cadence. Atany one time, the same
number of singers appears to be participating, but a
Perception + Performance roll reveals that singers are
consistently ending their song, only to have the song
taken up by a fresh voice.

The thunder, on the other hand, seems to be a low,
continual roar that eventually resolves itself into a
grinding noise. There is a wet undercurrent to it, and
as the characters draw closer, they realize that it's a
sound like... chewing. Some colossal creature chew-
ing without benefitof lips.

When the characters arrive at the village, the
actual sight of what's going on is far worse than wha
thesounds would imply, Only the stone foundations of
afew housesstill give the impression of a village — all
else has been devoured. Hundreds of Garou surround
the area, many singing a wat-song. But rising above
them even in Crinos is Jipijka'm.

Eater-of-Souls is huge, and hideous, and terrifying.
Physically, it is a tremendous bulk of purplish-black
flesh that o vith suppurations. Ithasno eyes proper,
only tremendous, grinding teeth thatshift position in its
jawless, amorphous gums like an unending rockslide. It
is not, as one might expect, bloated and corpulent —
instead its muscular form contracts like the stomach of
astarving man, even as another truckload of matter is
pulverized and swallowed. Materialized Banes of rapa-
ciousness craw! on its bulk, taking to the air whenever
its spasms dislodge them. Ir thrashes across the ground
onewayoranother, catching up whatever comes closest
and devouring it — which is, horribly, the Croatan.

(This is, in fact, only one particular form in which
Eater-of-Souls might manifest; itis, like most powerful
spirits, of no permanent "true form." The Storyteller is
encouraged to describe Eater-of-Souls in whatever
way would best unnerve the players without outright
offending them — it may be spidery, or slimy, or all-
but-formless. As an animistic principle of mindless,
destructive hunger, it should have whatever form
expresses that horror best.)

There are no statistics for Eater-of-Souls itself; it
transcends those boundaries. There's just no way a
mortal Garou, no matter how powerful, is going to be
able to kill it, talk it out of devouring everything in
sight, or bind it with magic. Eater-of-Souls is one-third
of the Triatic Wyrm, and the most powerful spirit ever
to have materialized on Earth since the rise of the
Gauntlet. Garou who try to fight it with magic or
might are wasting their time, and likely their lives.

Cfittony Bavet

These disgusting spirits crawl on the outer body of
Eater-of-Souls like maggots on a corpse, taking wing
when they spot a particularly tasty-looking opponent,

66 Past Lives

OE ES ani 2


ora morsel that they can safely attack without running
the risk of vanishing down their master's gullet. They
appear much like fat, writhing grubs with distended
jaws that areas wide as theirentire bodies, lifted by four
pairs of filmy, fly-like wings.
Willpower 5, Rage 5, Gnosis 4, Essence 14
Charms: Blast (acidic vomit), Materialize

The Sacrifice

As the characters watch, Eater-of-Souls lunges at
a pack of Croatan. They leap forward at it, claws bared,
singing the war-song. One young female manages to
tip a tooth the size of her own body almost free of its
gums — and then they are gone, devoured. The song
seems to echo on in Eater-of-Souls for a moment after
they are gone, and then it ceases — and another pack
takes up the refrain, and steps forward. This\process
repeats itself again and again, as Jipijka'm dévours pack
after pack. Characters who watch for too long will see
the sight again and again in their nightmares,

Those Croatan who donot sing still remain close,
waiting their turnsA'few of them, in fact, are perform-
ing some sort of ritual. The ritual is led by a powerful
male in Crinos, blood smeared in. glyphs across his
coat. Any character that pays careful attention suffers
ashock of recognition: The sacrificial rite, the one that
is empowered by the sacrifices of an entire tribe, isa
more powerful and final version of the Rite of Undying
Pursuit. Each of the Croatan surrenders to the rite as
Eater-of-Souls devours his or her body, and ds twice
devoured — first in flesh, then in spirit.

Here the characters have their choice of action.
Watching the deliberate sacrifice of the Croatan, each
Garou bravely leaping at Eater-of-Souls only to be
chewed and swallowed like a morsel of chicken, is sure
to turn their stomachs. It is literally painful to watch,
and the characters may have to make Willpower rolls
to avoid losing a temporary point of Willpower. They
are certain to want to do something.

Naturally, some of the Croatan to the rear, as yet
unable to take their place in the confrontation, will
soon notice the characters. They are hostile to Europe-
ans—to their minds it was the Europeans who brought
Jipijka'm here — and not pleased to see other Garou,
even if they are friends to the Croatan. This is the most
serious business in the world to the Croatan, and they
will try to send the characters back to Old Red Eagle
and the warded Indian village as soon as possible.

The characters should have free will todo just about
whatever they like. If they want to stop the Croatan
from sacrificing themselves to the last, they can try —
there are many Croatan here who would rather live than
die, but none of them want to live in a world where

Act LIL: Witnesses

eS

SS

Jipijka'm roams free. Even trying to get one Croatan to
abandon the sacrifice for the sake of preventing the
death of the tribe is difficult, but not impossible.

The characters aren't able to get through to the
ritemaster, Wanchese, without a fight. The Croatan
who surround him are convinced that the rite is doing
its part to help sate Eater-of-Souls at the same time as
it injures him — he must consume both body and
spirit, and the spirit is able to fight on fora few seconds
more thanks to the rite. To their thinking, by the time
Eater-of-Souls is full, the act of digestion on his shred-
ded stomach might force him to sleep longer to heal. In
the best of all futures, it might even kill him.

Ir'sentirely possible that one or more of the charac-
ters may even choose to join with the Croatan in their
sacrifice. The Croatan'don't want this to happen —
they would rather that their friends outlive them — but
they do not fight to prevent the characters from also
sacrificing themselves. It's not their decision. However,
thecharacter that decides to go through with thisis lost
forever, his fate unknown even to his packmates. Even
the Umbral reality of the remembered past does not
make it safe to enter Eater-of-Souls' jaws.

The CP

To successfullyiresolve the crux of The Croatan's
Sacrifice, the charactets must accept the sactifice as
something that must happen, even to the loss of the
last Croatan ancestor-spirit, and act accordingly. For
instance, the characters can fight the clouds of lesser
Banes surrounding Eater-of-Souls, thus purchasing the
Croatan alittle more breathing room to complete their
great ritual. They might attempt to evacuate any
Croatan Kin who are in the area; or perhaps they agree
to carry word of a particular Croatan's noble death to
his loved ones. The crux of the scene is necessity, and
how well the characters are able to identify and honor
it. (If one of the characters decides to leave the famous
message "Croatan" carved on a tree for the English to
find, by way of honoring the tribe, this would count as
a fine resolution, as well as entertaining.)

Unless the Storyteller chooses to expand the scene
beyond the moment of final sacrifice, the return to the
Solium's back comes at the height of the ritual. The
characters are not actually witnesses to the outcome;
what was more important was that they see the com-
mitment of the Croatan just before their deaths.

As the Solium slides back into the Umbra, the
characters hear the worst sound imaginable, a terrible
wordless cry that embodies the fury and pain and greed
of a million people and animals all at once. It is a
shockwave of pure emotion, of thunderous despair and
hate, and worst of all, of obscene satisfaction. It is the

7

mae

|

|

wail of Eater-of-Souls as it descends back into the
Umbra and into slumber, the closest thing to the
death-scream of an insane god that the characters will
ever hear. The Storyteller may call for Willpower rolls,
difficulty 8; those that fail pass out, left alone with their
dreams.

Expanding fle Stene

To allow the characters to participate in more of
the story of the Croatan's final days, a general overview
of the story is necessary. Roanoke Island is a small
pla all, and the characters can't wander far
without running into some of the principal players.

The story of the Lost Colony revolves around John
White, the leaderof the colony; Wanchese, the Croatan
who instigates the arrival of Eater-of-Souls and the
sacrifice to banish it; and Manteo, Wanchese's Kinfolk
cousin. Manteo had been taken to England fora time,
and was now among the colonists rather than the
natives; he had even been baptized as a Christian.

The story proper begins with a failed summoning.
A Wyrm-worshipping mage among the first group of
settlers begins a ritual to summon Eater-of-Souls itself
to the New World; he is slain by Old Red Eagle before
finishing the rite, but his magic had already stirred the
great devourer.

Years later, a lean year drives the colonists to ask
John White to return to England for more supplies, as
their stores are likely not enough to last the winter.
When he does so, a trio of Black Spiral Dancers hidden
among the colony begin fomenting unrest, and con-
vince the settlers to raid their Indian neighbors for food.

However, the Black Spiral Dancer plot is betrayed
by William Wythers, a Bone Gnawer livingamong the
colonists. He informs the Croatan Wanchese and the
Wendigo Little Fox, who gather a group of Croatan
and set a trap for the settlers. The Croatan slaughter
the European raiders and two of the Dancers. The third
Dancer escapes, and Wanchese tracks him down. The
Dancer catches Manteo and tries to use him asa shield,
but Wanchese kills the Dancer and his cousin both, It
isthiskinslaying that completes the sorcerer's call, and
summons Eater-of-Souls.

The manifestation of Eater-of-Souls is small at
first and cannot move freely, but the more it eats, the
more it grows. The first thing it devours is the colony
and its inhabitants; then it begins work on the rest of
the island. Old Red Eagle explains to Wanchese the
nature of what has happened, and how it cannot be
stopped, Ina vision granted by Great Uktena himself,
Wanchese realizes that the only thing that can stop
Eater-of-Souls is for it to be sated by the sacrifice of an
entire tribe.

after

68 Past Lives

EE Sn

Wanchese gathers the Croatan, and to the tribe's
great credit, they answer the call. Ittakes some time forall
to arrive, time in which Eater-of-Souls is only barely
contained by their rites, but finally the entire tribe is
ready. From that point, the events of the scene unfold,
with Wanchese the final martyr to complete thesacrifice.

To expand the scene, it is probably necessary to
bring the characters in at some point in this history. A
good dramatic point would be the Black Spiral Dane-
ers' abortive raid, with the characters joining in the
ambush. Another interesting point would be for the
characters to arrive when Eater-of-Souls first appears,
and attempt to save as many of the innocents of the
colonyas possible; the rescued humans might be adopted
as honorary Kin, if the characters can successfully
convince the local Uktena to do so.

After the banishing of Eater-of-Souls, there's little
left to do, and not much of a comparably dramatic
scene to serve as the departure point — John White
doesn't return for years. However, it might be appro-
priate for the characters to remain on scene long
enough to watch the bitter argument between Little
Fox and Old Red Eagle, when Little Fox swears that it's
Old Red Eagle's fault that Manteo died.

"Youkeptme away! If I had been here, | could have
saved him!"

"That is not true. Your anger speaks for you."

"Traitor! Older Brother is a traitor! No more will
Little Brother listen to him!"

This argument is certainly worth bearing witness
to, for it hints at a potential flaw in the Wendigo —
some portion of Eater-of-Souls that was perhaps taken
into Little Fox. If the Storyteller is planning some
appropriately sinister plot in which the Wendigo are
endangered from within, this argument may serve as
foreshadowing.

Jeene 9: The War of Téart

The players may well guess what the third stop is
before they reach home — they've witnessed the Fall
of the Howlers and the sacrifice of the Croatan, It's
only appropriate that they also be witnesses to the final
stand of the Bunyip. As such, they find themselves in
the Australian outback, in the year 1937, The Solium
Submergens breaches in the GulfofCarpenteria, where
the waves that precede it smash a deserted strip of
coast, and the characters are sent into host ancestors
visiting the Tanami Desert.

The characters' hosts are a little trickier to set up
if the players have established family trees that stretch
back far enough; the forebears who are "donating" this
body for this scene are of the great- or great-great-


grandparents generation. Although the usual reasons
of strange dreams and portents have united this gen-
eration of relatives, the players may find it odd that
they've never heard of their relatives associating in the
past, much less in Australia. If the characters' families
have not been established as having worked together
in the past, the Storyteller may need to choose more
obscure relatives (or more Kinfolk) to help ease the
strange coincidence. The current group of hosts has
come to Australia amid the War of T
take sides either way — either to persecute the Bunyip,
or to pit themselves against their felloy Garou to
defend the strangers. They are here seeking the great
pallid thing they've seen in their dreams, never aware
that their destiny lies with the War of Tears after all.

ars, but refuse to

This scene begins as something of a departure in
mood, moving to the pulp genre fora bit. The characters
meet a pack of "guest stars" that exemplify Two-Fisted
Tales of Adventure, and get the chance to partake in
some two-fisted action of their own. But when the pack
reaches the Bunyip caern, the mood reverts to pure
Werewolf savage horror, at the heart of the Warof Tears.

Artin,

As the Solium rises toward the surface, the char-
's become aware of bright light overhead, and a

act

sudden heat as the Solium breaks the surface. Again,
the ties of the rite loosen, and the characters fall across
a great expanse of barren terrain, finally landing in
their new hosts in the wide, dusty spaces of the Austra-
lian outback.

As the characters begin the now-familiar struggle
of readjusting themselves to their new hosts, the Garou
opposite them look on with a mixture of concern and
suspicion. For their part, these werewolves are clearly
not Bunyip, and most look American or European,
dressed in a mix of late 1930s garb — a broad-shoul-
dered, unshaved man in fedora, leather jacket and
khaki pants; a fiery redheaded woman wearing outdoor
clothes;asomewhat bookish-looking fellow in aviator's
garb; a lean Chinese man ina martial artist's tunic and
pants; and a stunning black-haired femme fatale with
a Lugeranda thick Eastern European accent. Galliards
and Silent Striders may recognize the pack instantly:
the Eagle's Nest pack, led by the legendary Vik Stryker.
The Ecler Neth

Although the Eagle's Nest were just about expect-
ing to have to come to blows with the Garou they were
facing, they're appropriately surprised when the pack
begins to act as though they'd lost their memory or
somehow else been affected in the mind. As the


ee

characters complete the process of adjusting to their
ancestors' bodies and focusing on the situation at
hand, the Eagle's Nest talk briefly among themselves
(eyes on the characters the whole time), and decide to
try talking again.

The Eagle's Nest Pack is surprisingly accepting of
any story the characters have to offer; they'veseena lot
of weird stuff in their time. Unless the characters tell
them otherwise, they may wind up assuming that the
characters are in fact genuine ancestor-spirits with a
touch of confusion. If the pack' asks questions like
"Where are we?" and "Whatyearisit?" Stryker and his
colleagues are more likely to respond with sage nods
and matter-of-fact answers than looks of confusion.
Stryker introduces his pack blithely, seeming more
amused than bewildered.

"We're the Eagle's Nest Pack. Name's Vik Stryker
— Galliard to the Silent Striders. The fire-spittin'
banshee ofa Fiannais Lorna McNab, our Philodox; our
Theurge is Stratus there, and [ guess you can tell he's
a Glass Walker."

"Dr. Stratus, please."

"An Lei Sheng there is Full Moon, and a Stargazer
— maybe you've heard of em? And of course, there's
our Ragabash, Greta Cole of the Shadow Lords, who's
got more looks than money and more money than
Croesus. Watch out for her."

"Charmed."

Stryker explains that he and his pack are here to
take the side of the local Bunyip — "a strange group
overall, but hearts as big as any Garou we've ever
known." A hunting pack of Red Talons and European
Garou is closing in on the Bunyip-held Red Snake
Caern, and the Eagle's Nest are trying to get there first.
For thar, they needed transportation; Stryker could
move faster than the trucks the locals are using, butnot
all his pack have the same Silent Strider speed. As it
turns out, the werewolves that the characters are
inhabiting were using desert-worthy trucks of their
own to get around, but had refused to let the Eagle's
Nest borrow them; they didn't want to help the Eagle's
Nest fight Garou of their own tribes, even if the cause
was arguably just.

Of course, as Stryker points out, if the characters
would like to renegotiate..

Presumably, the characters are more interested in
helping out the Eagle's Nest than in allowing another
War of Tears atrocity to run its course. If so, they can
easily assign the two packs between the two trucks
however they like. ("You found the keys in your
pockets, right?" asks Stryker. "So it isn't theft.")

70 Past Lives

NN

ne Ae eee

Rue fo fhe Chern

The drive into the desert is dusty, blisteringly hot
and almost blindingly bright. However, to the charac-
ters, it may not be as unpleasant as it would otherwise
be; after the cold, dim emptiness of the Dark Umbra's
tunnels, the sensations of warmth and light are prob-
ably more than welcome even in excess. If any of the
characters are riding with members of the Eagle's Nest
Packjithey have the opportunity to swap stories or
gather a little more information. The. 's Nest
came to Australiasfresh from a caper in
tangling with a tiger-demon over a potent fetish ruby,
and a quick war story or two might pass the time.

However, there turns out to be less time than
anticipated. As the characters drive into one end of
the valley that leads tathe Red Snake caern, another
two trucks come barreling into the same entrance from
a different angle. These trucks carry a hunting pack of
European Garou, and obviously can't be allowed to
reach:the caern and start slaughtering Bunyip.

The hunting pack should be a little less capable
than the characters, although about double theirnum-
bers. Their trucks are both awakened (via the Rite of
Awakening), and the spirits of the trucks make them
immune to simple tricks like Jam Technology. They
carry silver ammunition and knives, but won't use
them on non-Bunyip.

Play up the chase as if it were right out of an
Indiana Jones movie (or other pulp orneo-pulp source);
the characters should have the chance to leap from
truck to truck, disabling their rivals' vehicles and
sending the members of the hunting pack tumbling in
the dust. The Eagle's Nest is more interested in getting
to the caern quickly, and don't act like glory hounds;
the characters should be the ones doing most of the
work to dissuade pursuit (and the players should be the
ones having most of the fun). If the characters refrain
from butchering the rival Garou, preferring to remove
them from the chase via non-lethal ways, consider
giving them extra Honor Renown; if they pull off
daring stunts in the spirit of the pulp genre, award a
little extra Glory. The encounter with the rival trucks
should be action-movie tense, not horrific; a chance
for the players to relax a bit and have some fun with the
genre conventions of the time.

The Battle of Rest Snake

When the characters arrive at the caern the mood
shifts dramatically. The Red Snake Caern has all but
fallen — a predominantly Red Talon pack has just
arrived, and only two Bunyip are left. The Bunyip are
Warri Oldsong, an older male Philodox, and Little

|


Jiya, a freshly-Changed female Ahroun; both have
been badly wounded in an earlier clash. They're clearly
no match for the invaders, and don't even have the
spirit to fight. Warri has dropped into Harano after
witnessing the slaughter of a pack of thylacine Kin, and
Jiya is shell-shocked and finding it difficult to make
decisions. She knows a bit of English, and if directed to
run in a specific direction, she'll do so while carrying
Warri, but at the moment she hangs on the.edge of,
frenzy (and a fox frenzy at that).

The fight against the invaders probably plays out
brutally; many of the attacking Garou have the Gift:
Silver Claws, and are willing to use it. They presume
that the Eagle's Nest pack and the characters are in fact
Black Spiral Dancers (of less deformed stock, obvi-
ously), in league with the Bunyip. Some are already in
frenzy. One or twomight be stayed fora moment by a
character with obvious Pure Breed, or by a tribemate
with powerful social skills, but for the most part they
are thoroughly implacable.

Forall that, though, the invaders are still Garou.
When on the attack, they are every inch monsters,
creatures with no motivations other than anger and
bloodlust. But when slain, they revert to their breed
forms, no moré than dead wolves or humans in
death. These are clearly not Black Spiral Dancers or
fomori attacking the Bunyip and their erstwhile
protectors; they are cousins. The characters should
regret having to take\another Garou's life, if they
choose to do so — evemin this life or death, "us or
them" situation, a Garou of honor should wish there
had been another way.

Jample Caern Iovader

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Red Talons

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 1, Primal-Urge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 1, Leadership 2,
Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Linguistics 1, Medicine 2,
Occult 2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Ancestors 1, Pure Breed 2, no others
applicable to the scene

Gifts: (1) Hare's Leap, Heightened Senses, Razor
Claws, Scent of Running Water; (2) Scent of Sight,
Sense of the Prey, Spirit of the Fray; (3) Silver Claws

Act TIT: Witnesses

a

SN ee

Rage: 7; Gnosis: 6; Willpower: 6
Rank: 3

Rites: None applicable to the scene.

Fetishes: None applicable to the scene.

Image: The Red Talon members of the caern
invasion pack fight in Hispo or Crinos; they resemble
great purebred wolves, as the practice of breeding with
dingoes has not begun in force yet. Each one has a
splash of bright crimson in its coat, mirroring the blood
on its claws.

Roleplaying Notes:'You are fearful of this land, so
different from what a wolf's land should be. This is not
asplace for wolves — it hates wolves. The death of
Greyflank was the final proof;a Red Talon in herprime
carved apart like humans carve their prey, offered as
sacrifice to this land's treacherous spirits. You hunt to
avenge her. You hunt to honor Wyrmbaiter, who has
called this hunt. And you hunt because you fear that
you will be hunted next. It is the way of the Garou.

The CP

The crux of this scene is perhaps the most obvious
— the Garou must fight to defend the Bunyip from
beingslaughtered by their own kind. They cannot save
the Bunyip of Red Snake Caern from eventual extinc-
tion, but fighting on their behalf helps ease the passing
of the tribe. If the crux is successfully negotiated, the
characters' valor and compassion may have forged a
new link between the pack and the ghosts of the
Bunyip, one that may yet provide a new ray of hope for
the Garou of Australia. As with the chase across the
desert, characters who disable the attacking Garou
without killing them, or even manage to halt the
bloodshed in a non-violent fashion, should be marked
for extra Honor or Wisdom rewards.

When the battle ends, possibly with the blood of
both ancestorsand Red Talons minglingon the ground,
the now-familiar call of the rite returns. The charac-
ters are pulled free of their bodies, and return to the
Drowned King, who thrashes its way down into the
Dark Umbra again. As it does so, the characters may
feel an additional urgency driving it along. It moves
faster than it had before, and its writhing struggles are
becoming more desperate. The time of the final con-
frontation is at hand.

Standing the Seene

The time spent in the War of Tears can be fleshed
out in one of two ways— preferably both. The first way
is to involve a little more pulp-style action while the
heroes run alongside the Eagle's Nest. The simplest
way to do this may be to expand the chase to the caern
by having the group have to get information first; they

71
coat

|

ne A Ae

roll into a small mining town to interrogate a local
contact, become embroiled in a giant brawl with all
the town's toughs while trying to avoid shifting into
Crinos, and finally roll off into the distance while the
townsfolk stare in awe.

Second, the darker side of the War of Tears can
easily be given more screen time. If the more light-
hearted action halfofthescene is expanded, the bloodier,
more tragic half should be given equal expansion at
least; it, after all, is the point of this witness scene. The
characters may travel to one caern that has already been
raided, too late to be of any help but to bury the dead
properly — and there's scarcely time for that, because
now the rush to reach the Red Snake Caern is twice as
important. The Storyteller can also expand the scene
after the Red Snake Caern events, as the characters
move from Bunyip caern to Bunyip caern. In some
places, they can help a little bit; in others, they're too
late to do anything but bury the dead.

A very telling lesson to incorporate into this scene
would be todemonstrate how the War of Tears was not
simply "the bad tribes killing the Bunyip while the
good tribes tried to defend them." The characters
might encounter a Get of Fenris who refuses to fight on
the principle that it is not a good fight, or a Child of
Gaia who joins the hunts because he fears for his Kin's
safety in this strange land, or even a Bunyip who
responds with all the savagery of the European Garou.
The ultimate lesson of the War of Tears is that it's
dangerous to make assumptions about a tribe, after all.

Jeewe §> Conipatton

As the Solium Submergens draws closer and clos
to the future, the characters begin to feel a certain
vitality reentering them. The Drowned King's struggles
are becoming more like desperate spasms, its move-
ments more strained — but when the characters fall
into Slumber from losing their Essence, they no longer
dream of other peoples' lives. The images they see are
of the shore where they first beheld the Solium, of their
own territory — of home.

The Solium rises toward the surface again, more
swiftly than it has at any other time. The chara
catch a glimpse of an early-morning sky, and then they
are bucked free again. They don't have far to fall, and
may catch only a glimpse of the familiar promontory
where they first fought the Drowned King, before they
find themselves once more in their own bodies. It's like
coming home; their bodies are exactly what their spirits
are used to, a perfect meld. And more than perfect.

The characters have reentered their bodies just at the
brink of death; by a strange quirk of the ritual, they now
possess the strength of themselves as-they-were and as-

ers

72


they-are, albeit for only a brief moment. Fora number of
turns equal to their Gnosis, each character gains double
their normal Attribute ratings, and double their usual
Rage, Gnosis and Willpower ratings (to a maximum of
10). This rush of power should make the pack suddenly a
very sufficient match for the Drowned King.

Furthermore, if the Storyteller chooses, each turn
that the characters continue to fight the Solium, one
of the spirit members of the Waiting Pack expends the
last of its energy in a final strike, inflicting Rage +
Willpower dice of aggravated damage to the Drowned
King. This may cheer the players, to see their ancestors
and allies finally avenging themselves, but be careful;
by rights, if a deathblow is to be struck, the players'
characters should be the ones to do it. When the
Solium is finally slain, it emits a horrible wailing cry,
an echo of the same shriek released by Eater-of-Souls.
Blackish blood pours down its sides, and it tumbles
backward. The whirlpool surrounding it reverses its
flow. The Drowned King, portions of its body breaking
away and dissolving like rancid foam, falls back through
the waters into the Dark Umbra.

In addition, the death of the Drowned King has
completed the conditions of the Rite of Undying
Pursuit, The spirits of any members of the Waiting
Pack that still remain fade into the Penumbra, and are
free to travel from there as they wish.

As the whirlpool begins to slow and close, any
characters still near it will feel bursts of warmth and
movement, like sudden gusts of a warm wind. Those
looking on the Umbral side of the scene see spirits of
blurred form, seemingly both wolf and human, escaping
the Dark Umbra by means of the gateway. These are
ancestor-spirits, many of whom were lost in the Dark
Umbra. Although the characters may not realize it, their
efforts in the Witness scenes have left a trail for some of
their ancestors to find their way back to the world.

Finally, the sea closes and calms. The characters
still stand among the physical calamities wrought by
the Solium Submergens' appearance, but victory fills
them with confidence (refreshing all temporary Will-
power). Whatever may lie in their future, they can face
it with the strength they've gained from the past.

Hhogue

Atthis point, the chronicle of Time and Tide ends,
with the characters hopefully successful. The charac-
ters should receive a minimum of 5 in each of the
categories of Glory, Honor and Wisdom simply for

a

defeating the Drowned King, and other Renown awards
may follow as usual. If they acquitted themselves well
in the various Witness scenes in Act III, the Storyteller
may increase the Renown awards further as he sees fit.
Their explanation of events confounds all those who
listen to it for many moots to come, but this does not
prevent their tribemates and other Garou from singing
their praises as they well deserve. The characters have
won a major victory, one that has had farther-ranging
benefits than they may have realized at first.

Each of the surviving characters receives one dot
of the Ancestors Background, even if that would push
them to six dots. In the time that follows the final
battle with the Solium, they gradually come to realize
that their bonds with their ancestor-spirits have been
strengthened by their deeds. In particular, characters
that did not have any dots in Ancestors atall may revel
in their new connection to their forebears, tenuous
though it is— particularly if they were Bone Gnawers,
Glass Walkers or Silent Striders. This revelation may
be played up as a series of further visitations and
glimpses of ancestral memory, similar to the foreshad-
owing that took place in the Prologue — but without
the same sense of impending trouble. Rather, the
characters' ancestors are proud, and for the next few
weeks, unusually demonstrative of the fact. In particu-
lar, the spirits of the Garou (or Kin) whose bodies the
characters possessed in Act II gladly answer the
character's call.

However, a larger boon has come out of the
characters' efforts. The characters' deeds while in the
pasthave freed several ancestor-spirits that were trapped
in the Dark Umbra, and the path that the Solium
Submergens sliced through that dark realm was a trail
they followed. At the time of the Drowned King's
destruction, a number of formerly lost ancestor-spirits
escaped the Dark Umbra, and now the Garou have a
few more allies. Just in time for the Apocalypse.

The number and type of the escapee ancestors is,
of course, left to the Storyteller's discretion. The more
successfully the characters negotiated the crux of each
of the Witness scenes, the greater the number of
released ancestor-spirits. The events of the default
World of Darkness presume a conservative amount
overall, but as Storyteller you should feel free to rule as
generously as you see fit. Entire stories, even future
chronicles, can be built around plot hooks that stem
from the arrival of formerly lost ancestor-spirits, even
from Lost Tribes or Lost Breeds. The past has brought
new life to the future.

Act IIT: Witnesses 73

a i

mane

rae ar er ee mr ner nner ren ry


Knowledge enormous makes a God of me.

Names, deeds, gray legends, dire events, rebellions,

Majesties, sovran voices, agonies,

Creations and destroyings, all at once

Pour into the wide hollows of my brain,
And deify me, as if some blithe wine
Or bright elixir peerless I had drunk,

And so become immortal
— John Keats, "Hyperion: A Fra

The Plonored Dead,

It's hard to imagine a Werewolf: The Apocalypse
chronicle that doesn't involve the concept of ances-
tor-spirits in some level. The Ancestors Background is
awfully helpful and flavorful, making it the rare pack
without even one member who possesses a few dots.
Ancestor-spirits teach a wide variety of Gifts, particu-
larly those of interest to homids — the most common
breed, of course. And although the Garou don't liter-
ally worship the spirits of their forefathers and
foremothers, they do revere them. Countless rites
begin with an appeal to the spirits of fallen warrio
and countless Garou have sworn to achieve some quest
or goal to honor their ancestors. Filial piety is a virtue
to werewolves, and in the animistic world of Werewolf,
the ancestors are in a position to repay that piety.

For these reasons, this Appendix is devoted to
enriching the use of ancestor-spirits in a chronicle —
offering ideas for new ways to use them and additional
clarifications on the roles they play. What's more,
players who are appropriately reverent stand to gain
quitea bitfrom the new Gifts and rites in this book that
can be gained only from ancestor-spirits of the rarest
sort.

ome of the material presented in this Appendix
is built on the assumption that the group has played
through the events of this book's chronicle. For in-
stance, it's unlikely that the players will be able to get
their hands on the Gifts and rites of the Lost Tribes or
Lost Breeds unless their victory over the Solium
Submergens has cut new paths for lost ancestor-spirits

Chapter Four: Ancestral Wisdom 75

SS SS an N

NN

Ser rare erence ren. arr on a rence

to travel. In the "official" World of Darkness, these
secrets remain hidden to all except those who have
followed the Solium Submergens' tunnels to the past
and back. Of course, this is only a recommendation;
Storytellers who want to use these Gifts without run-
ning the chronicle are certainly free to do so

The rest, however, should be useful to any
chronicle that involves ancestor-spirits in a more
than cursory role. And, to be honest, we hope there
aren't too many of those. The honored dead are just
too damn cool to ignore.

Roletlaylog Abctspors

For many players, a good portion of the appeal of
Werewolf: The Apocalypse derives from the geneal-
ogy aspect of the game. Just as it's entertaining to find
the moon phase you were born under to figure out what
auspice you might have an extra affinity for, there's a
certain charm to being able to look at your real-world
family line and map that out to the variousshapeshifters
of Werewolf.

The presence of ancestor-spirits is an extrapola-
tion of this particular aspect of the game. Just as real-
world people trace back their lines of descent to see
if here are any historical figures or nobility in their
family tree, a Werewolf ple xplore the heri-
tage of his character — or even define it. (After all,
the old adage "you can choose your friends, but not
your family" is only partly true where roleplaying
games are concerned.) Furthermore, most Garou
ancestors are going to be interesting in some way or
another — there are precious few werewolves who
had the luxury of living boring lives free of betrayal,
conflict, triumph or tragedy. If the Storyteller addsan
extra wrinkle to a character's lineage by adding in a
surprise here and there (the Bone Gnawer whose
great-great-grandfather was a Silver Fang, or the Get
of Fenris who discovers her many-times-removed
great-aunt was a traitor to her tribe and sept), it's all
the more entertaining.

By fleshing our the relationship between ancestors
and their descendants, a troupe also gainsa remarkable
opportunity to explore the concept of filial piety. The
loyal son or daughter is considered virtuous in most
cultures, Western or otherwise, but to some cultures
(for instance, much of historical China), filial piety is
often considered a greater and more esteemed virtue
than compassion, romantic love orhonesty. The Garou
are in many ways such a culture, bound by their
responsibility to both ancestors and future genera-
tions. The Litany forbids Garou to mate with Garou,
exemplifying the emphasis on responsible breeding
over love (or lust). The assistance of ancestor-spirits

demonstrates the possibility of continuing to fight the
good fight after death, a reward for virtuous living (as
the Garou define it). In many roleplaying games, the
motivation of family bonds, for good or for ill, is the
exception rather than the rule— in Werewolf, there's
a chance to change that.

Lifer Death

Not all deceased Garou return in ancestor-spirit
form. The reasons for this are unknown, frequently
debated by Theurges of all tribes, and sometimes even
a taboo topic of discussion. It has never been conclu-
sively proved that an ancestor-spirit is indeed the
departed spirit half of a shapeshifter; some find it
entirely possible that ancestor-spirits are formerly
ephemera who gained form by somehow receiving an
"impression" of the departed.

If all Garou (and by extension, all shapeshifters)
are meant to become ancestor-spirits upon their death,
then why are so many never heard from again? There
are multiple possibilities, several to go with each
theory of how ancestor-spirits come into being. But
the worst possibility is also one of the most likely —
even ancestor-spirits are spirits, and can be destroyed,
captured or corrupted like any other. It's said that
those White Howler ancestor-spirits who weren't de-
stroyed by their fallen descendants were caught and
corrupted, and are now Banes in the service of Malfe:

A certain amount of mystery is appropriate —
almost mandatory, even, when it comes to answering
the ultimate questions of life after death. The players
shouldn't have the total assurance that their charac-
ters will live on in some fashion after they die; if they
did, their willingness to risk their lives wouldn't be
nearly as heroic. The Garou are in the position of
believing strongly that their legacy will live on after
them, which makes it easier to sacrifice themselves for
a necessary cause — but they don't know for certain,
which is what makes those who risk death all the more
courageous.

Ancestors: The Backgroyod

For simplicity's sake, the Ancestors Background
can be dealt with by little more than a hand-wave. The
player announces that she'll roll Ancestors, the char-
acter growls something like "Spirits of my ancestors,
aid me!", the Storyteller responds with something like
"New strength floods your veins. What do you do?" —
simple, easy, convenient.

But there's so much more that can be done with
the Background that it seems a shame not to try.

Just as with other Backgrounds, the more work a
player invests in hashing out the details, the more

76 Past Lives

EE ES a

|


interesting the Ancestors Background becomes. The
simplest way to get started is to make a list of potential
ancestor-spirits that the character is in contact with.
The list doesn't need to be exhaustive, and to be
honest, shouldn't be; neither the player nor the Story-
teller should waste valuable roleplaying time fishing
through a long list of potential ancestors for "just the
right one for the scene." Optimally, the player should
provide a basic list of some of the more frequently
contacted (or "meddling") ancestors she expects to
channel, and the Storyteller devises a few others as
potential surprises or to flesh out the list. Obviously,
those ancestors who provide help in the most fre-
quently accessed Abilities are the top of the list; if the
character expects to use the Background to boost her
Theurge's normally neglected Brawl frequently, one or
more ancestors who were capable warriors with claw
and fang should be at the top of the list.

The other benefit of fleshing out the character's
family tree, at least a little bit, is that it provides a
wealth of potential story hooks for the Storyteller. A
notable smith ancestor might hint at a lost fetish
destined for his descendants. An ancestor who died in
shame can spark a quest to redeem her name. If two
characters both had ancestors who fought against the
Roman legions in Gaul, the Storyteller can introduce
the possibility of the characters' ancestors knowing
one another, and have some threat from their common
past resurface. And anything that promotes more
stories is good, as long as the other players aren't left
out of the fun,

JSrestertag fhe Deaf

Ancestor-spirits, like most spirits (and like most
Garou), respond well to gifts and praise. A character
that offers chiminage to his ancestors not only im-
proves their mood, but may even strengthen his con-
nection to them for a brief period of time.

In game terms, a character that makes a proper
offering of chiminage may reduce the difficulty of his
Ancestors roll by 1 — to 7 under normal circum-
stances, or to 9 if trying to contact a specific ancestor.
This tactic is essentially of no use in combat (crying
out "I dedicate this kill to my forefather Blue Moun-
tain!" isn't quite good enough). However, it can be of
great assistance to those who seek to call on their
ancestors' wisdom, or to request assistance with long-
term tasks.

The (Weta) lhythat of Ancestors

It's fairly evident that a character who possesses

the Ancestors Background isn't perpetually followed

by aswarm of ancestor-spirits, each one waiting their
chance to be called into the body. If that were the case,

acharacter with three or more dots of Ancestors would
be at the center of a spiritual crowd every time she
stepped sideways. And yet, summoning spiritual aid
withan Ancestors roll takes very little time at all —it's
much faster than a Rite of Summoning, and extraordi-
narily effective when it works. How is it that some
Garou can summon their ancestors for a specialized
purpose more easily than hitting speed-dial on a cell
phone? The most popular belief was summed up by the
Uktena Theurge Tugheri Walks-Too-Far:

The concept of the individual is a human conceic. It
may, perhaps, be true for humans, whose souls have
atrophied away to dry husks over the millennia. Bucitisnot
true for Garou. Our flesh is a gift from our parents; itis not
solely ours. Our spiritis a gift from Gaia; and itis not solely
ours, either, Just as we are connected to our parents with
blood, we are connected to Gaia, and to all other Garou by
our spirits.

"Each of us carries some portion of our ancestors within
us; each of our souls contains fragments of the spirits of every
one of our forebears. These fragments are an inseparable part
of our being, more of us than they are of our ancestors — but
they connect us to our forefathers. They are like eyelets, from
which long invisible strings stretch out to connect us with the
spirits of our ancestors. We all have these eyelets, although
for some they have grown shut, like closed eyes, and the
strings no longer hold. The strings of many — far too many
— have snapped, and we have lost touch with the ancestors
who once held the other ends. Still, these eyelets are there, for
any ancestor-spirit with eyes to see.

"When I call to my ancestors, I feel the strings tremble.
And one of my grandfathers or grandmothers comes riding
down the strings like a spider dropping on a thread, and is
ome with me. And then the wo of us are more whole than
Tam alone, and we do great things."

This description works as well as any other. The
connection that allows ancestor-spirits to possess a
descendant seems to bea property of the living descen-
dant, not of the spirits themselves. In some cases, this
property has been "bred out" of bloodlines or even
entire tribes — the Bone Gnawers, for instance, still
cancontact theirancestors via the Rite of Summoning
or traveling to their Umbral Homeland. They just
seem to lack the innate connections that come with
the Ancestors Background.

The ancestor-spirits themselves do not have to
remain near the character in question in order to be
called, although they cannot be too far distant. A
character in the far reaches of the Deep Umbra at-
tempting to call on an ancestor-spirit hovering on the
border of the Dark Umbra is unlikely to succeed. (The
Storyteller may choose to increase the difficulty of an
Ancestors roll if the character is somewhere far re-

Chapter Four: Ancestral Wisdom 77

|

|

moved from where his ancestor-spirits might be. Con-
versely, if the character is in her Tribal Homeland or
otherwise very close to her ancestor-spirits, the Story-
teller can, at his discretion, reduce the difficulty or
even grant bonus successes on the roll.)

It's impossible for an ancestor-spitit to be two
places at once; there are no stories of two Garou
channeling the same ancestor at once. A character
may call ona specific ancestor, only to feel no response
— perhaps the ancestor is distracted, or too far distant,
or perhaps the ancestor is currently assisting another of
hisdescendants. More convincingly, anancestor-spirit
who agrees to empower a fetish becomes unavailable to
assist Garou with the Ancestors Background. And, of
course, the connections are not 100% reliable; some-
times an ancestor-spirit might well be available, but
the Garou trying to reach himjust can't make contact,
for whatever reason,

(Of course, what much of this boils down to is that
there are a number of reasons to explain away a failed
Ancestors roll, from the character failing to/concen-
trate properly to the ancestor-spirit sought-being im-
prisoned somewhere. A Storyteller: who's looking for
an extra subplot to spice up a‘story could certainly:
make use of a simple failed Ancestors roll to get things
rolling...)

Aucestors at Opatlet

The dead havea peculiar perspective onthe world,
They are unfettered by all the trials'and distractions of
life, from their own hormones to the question of where
their next meal is coming from» They can look at
things from the outside, and thus see things that those
preoccupied with living would miss:

As mentioned in the core rulebook, a character
can use the Ancestors Background not just toenhance
his own Abilities, but as a means of gathering informa-
tion. This may mean simply rolling Ancestors to add to
a given Knowledge — the equivalent of posting to.a
racial memory messageboard and asking "Does anyone
here know anything about the occult?" But for the
answers to specific questions about the past, Garou
find that it's much more effective to ask the spirits who
lived then and there. It's the difference between asking
a crowd if anyone has heard about the final fate of the
klaive Song of Endings, and trying to find the werewolf
who died with it clutched in her fist.

Most Garou that take the route of contacting a
specific ancestor for information or advice do so ritu-
ally, offering chiminage and formally requesting aid as
politely as possible. Ordinarily, the odds for reaching a
specific forebear are depressingly low; but properly
offered chiminage makes it much easier for the proper

78 Past Lives

ES SS

spirit to hear the call and respond. (See "Sweetening
the Deal," above.)

Of course, there's no guarantee that any given
ancestor is going to be all that well-versed in the events
of her times. A Fianna may contact a specific ancestor-
spirit who lived during the time of the White Howlers'
fall, only to discover that he never visited the British
Isles, and only heard third-hand rumors of the horrible
events. This usually ends up with a judgment call from
the Storyteller, preferably one that is as obj
possible. A player shouldn't be able to unravel a
centuries-old mystery with a single Ancestors roll, but
neither should she feel that the points she spent on the
Background (and the time she spent naming particular
ancestors) were a waste,

Finally, in most myths it's the nature of the dead to
be somewhat cryptic. Ancestor-spirits may speak in
riddles now andsthen, or use symbolic language or
poetry tather than cold, clear exposition. The Story-
tellenshould try to convey this quality as a side effect
of a werewolf's mind becoming that of a spirit, and
gradually growing more and more like its fellow spirits.
After a millennium in the symbolic reality of the
Wmbra, most ancestor-spirits are going to think some-
what differently:than they did when they were alive.

Thesmost unusual aspect of the Background: An-
cestors is that it's a Background where the character
gains assistance from outside help, much like Allies or
Contacts — but that outside help can be roleplayed by
the player, rather than the Storyteller. Not only can the
player invent esteemed ancestors much as he invents
the basics of his contacts ("my forefather Crushing
Jaws,""a pretty teenagernamed Anthy who works in an
occult bookstore"), but if the Storyteller is willing, the
player can roleplay Crushing Jaws speaking through his
descendant's mouth. This allows the player a certain
extra measure,of,control over the characterization of
what are ordinarily Storyteller characters, which is
generally a good thing. The Storyteller may retain some
veto power over the portrayal of ancestor-spirits, of
course ("Sorry, Chris, but Jarl Volki Jotunrender never
met a Bastet, and I doubt he'd be that open-minded ifhe
had"), but for the most part, this is an excellent oppor-
tunity for players to help flesh out the history of the
setting. And, of course, it's an opportunity fora player to
roleplay a different personality for a while without
having to do anything drastic like drop a long-standing
character and create a new one.

stive as

Technically, ancestor-spirits don't have to speak
through the character's mouth. They can address their
descendant directly, in what amounts to mental speech.

|


This is often what happens when the Storyteller is
playing the part of an ancestor-spirit, particularly when
the character is going to his ancestor for information.

The degree of the ancestor's control during posses-
sion varies. For some endeavors, the two minds coop-
erate within the same body, much like two people
foldingasheet together — both have control, but their
efforts don't come into conflict. In others, the ancestor
may be more in the driver's seat, acting mostly as he
would have in his own body years ago, relinquishing
control to his descendant once the task at hand is
completed. Asa general rule, presume that the ances-
torgains.asmuch control of the body as he requires. An
ancestor-spirit lending his Enigmas skill has no need to
use much more than his host's vocal cords, while an
ancestor who's donated the equivalent of four dots of
Dodge is probably in near-total control until the char-
acter has a chance to do something other than evade
attacks. He has to be.

In terms of acting out the changeover from the
Garou to the ancestor-spirit in his body, it's hard to
think of a better place to use some sort of visual or
verbal cues. Few things are more convincing that
changing your voice to represent the new speaker,
whether by raising or lowering your voice's pitch,
adopting an exotic accent or mode of speech, or even
by changing the volume. A player needn't be a tal-
ented vocal mimic for this sort of change; when the
revered Theurge Footfalls-of-Shadow takes control of
the character's body and begins speaking in a whisper,
the other players will take note. And, in fact, vocal
changes that are too excessive are not only unneces-
sary, but also slightly unrealistic — after all, the
character's vocal cords aren't changing to match the
ancestor's.

Visual cues such as a shift in posture, a particular
repeated gesture, oraslight change in facial expression
are just as effective, although with some limitations
Narrowing your eyes may serve asa visual cue that an
ancestor of familiar curmudgeonly temperament is in
residence, but it can throw the other players if you also
narrow your eyes to mean "My character is annoyed."
Vocal cues are less likely to be repeated by the charac-
ter sans ancestor-spirit, but visual cues are often easier
to use ona regular basis, As usual, it just tends to be a
matter of experimenting to see what works best.

Tikit

Of course, every family has its eccentricities. And
as most Storytellers enjoy making a character's life
more diffic—ah, interesting, it would be ashame not to
provide a few twists on the usual use of the Back-
ground. These twists can, and should, be used with
some restraint. The object isn't to create some sort of

ee

dysfunctional spirit family that might inhabit some
freakish low-grade sitcom, but simply to provide a
player with more roleplaying hooks and interesting
dilemmas about drawing on the Background's power.
Too many twists, and the game slows to a crawl every
time someone rolls Ancestors. But with just a few, the
complicated relationship between descendant and fore-
bears gets so much more interesting.

© The Garou try to breed along tribal lines, but a
certain amount of intermarriage is inevitable, particu-
larly in tribes that are open-minded about adopting
cubs born to other tribes. Even ifa character possess
high Pure Breed, it's still possible that one of het
distant ancestors was of another tribe entirely; the
bloodline of the "black sheep" parent may have been
absorbed into the main bloodlines of the tribe, but the
ties of ancestry are still there. This can be an interest-
ing twist to use, but it can be anticlimactic and forced
if used too often. The cross-tribal twist is at its best
when the Storyteller and player use it not as a blatant
attempt to shock (such as Wendigo with Wyrmcomer
ancestors, or Silver Fangs with ancestors of, well, any
other tribe) bur rather because a strong story is sug-
gested.

* Generally speaking, most ancestor-spirits acces-
sible through the Background have sired or borne
children in the course of their mortal lives. Shapeshifters
who die without a legacy generally have less to hold
them to existence in spirit form, and cannot follow the
spiritual threads of their own bloodline. Exceptions
exist, however; a many times great-aunt or great-uncle
can certainly take an interest in the descendants of
their relatives, even if they had no progeny of their
own. In fact, some ancestor-spirits are attached to the
bloodlines of a particular protégé or student, someone
they thought of as a spiritual heir even though there
were no ties of blood. Such ancestor-spirits may be
particularly demanding of a character, demanding that
the character live up to the ideal set by the forebear
who impressed them so much. Alternately, this is the
only way to rationalize a metis ancestor-spirit—a very
rare thing, although obviously a metis with Ancestors
could draw a great deal of confidence from the pres-
ence of a metis "ancestor."

© Not all ancestor-spirits need be distant ances-
tors. A character with strong Ancestors might channel
the spirit of a relative as close as his own deceased
parent — in some cases, Garou have channeled the
spirits of relatives who have died as little asa week ago.
As with most things dealing with ancestor-spirits (and
family in general), this can have its good and bad
points. A character might be watched over by a loving
mother they never knew in life, or be haunted by the

Chapter Four: Ancestral Wisdom 79

|

Seer rere serene caren are ce arr or a re mrrerensn aren)

ghost ofa domineering grandfather who harangues the
character even after death. This may also be a way for
a beloved Storyteller character to linger on after a
tragic or heroic death.

¢ A character with the Insane Ancestor Flaw
(Players Guide to Garou, pg. 167) runs the risk of
being possessed by his deranged forefather, in a man-
ner that exceeds the normal function of the Back-
ground. An insane ancestor can hold on to the body
longer than other ancestors would dare, placing the
character in grave danger. When you consider that the
Garou can sometimes trace their lineage back for
millennia, the sheer number of Garou ancestors in a
character's bloodline implies that the odds of having
an insane or malevolent ancestor are better than you
might think. This rationale is another reason that the
core rulebook recommends that an ancestor-spirit
might refuse to relinquish control whenever player
botches an Ancestors roll. Opening oneself to posses-
sion is a decided risk — but that's hardly out of
character with the rest of the World of Darkness.

* As noted in the core rulebook, not all anc:
spirits are indeed the s| of shapeshifters — some
notable humans have managed to linger on in ances-
tor-spirit form, some of whom aren't even Kin! It's all
but unheard of for a human ancestor-spirit to be
reached via the Ancestors Background, but since the
players' characters are very often the exception to the
rule anyway, all bets are off. The player and Storyteller
should definitely hash out the basic events of such an
esteemed ancestor's life and death; an exceptional
story is clearly waiting to be told. Such an ancestor
might have some difficulties in directing the unfamil-
iar Garou form —even Fionn MacCumbhaill may have
been a great warrior, but he didn't fight in Crinos. But
at the same time, a human ancestor-spirit might take
great pleasure in possessing the character, enjoying all
the exotic sensations of the Garou body, its senses and
strengths...

© Which leads directly to the possibility of an
ancestor-spirit that crav f
her descendant in order to feel alive again. This isn'ta
common occurrence — existence asa spirit has itsown
transcendent joys and rewards — but it's all too pos-
sible. Such a spirit would likely encourage her descen-
dant to call her frequently, even going so far as to
browbeat the character for attempting to do things
without her. ("Are you a fool, taking on thase fomori
without my aid? You deserve those wounds, but not the
scars —scars are for the brave, not the foolish! Call on
me more quickly next time, and watch the vermin fly
hefore us!") [f the Storyteller carefully balances such

tore

80 Past Lives

[SS

an ancestor's potential assistance with the drawbacks
of her personality, this can provide a wonderful love-
hate relationship. If the player dreads giving his ances-
tor any more leeway, but dearly loves the powerful
assistance she has to offer, the stage is set for some
excellent roleplaying.

Lecbing With Anewtfor-Splrifg

Of course, interaction with ancestor-spirits isn't
the exclusive province of characters who've purchased
the Background. Even the Bone Gnawers and Glass
Walkers summon the spirits of their ancestors in order
to learn Gifts, empower fetishes, gain information or
even — sometimes — just to chat. These interactions
can be subtly different from encounters with other
spirits, and are worth a little extra attention.

Jivuwovtag

Learning the Rite of Summoning involves not
just learning one specific rite, but the many changes
that can be made to the rite to summon spirits of
different types. Thus a Garou who knows the rite
effectively knows hundreds of rites — rites to call
elementals, Epiphlings, spirits of various animal
even specific spirits.

The Rite of Summoning can be used to call a
specific ancestor-spirit, or to send a general call to the
first ancestor-spirit tied to the ritemaster's tribe. Ver-
sions of the rite used to call "any ancestor-spirit" are
rarely used — most shamans prefer not to leave the
Rite of Summoning open to too much interpretation,
as it's all too common for the worst spirit possible to
answer the call. A rite attuned to "any ancestor-spirit"
is believed to invite Black Spiral Dancer spirits, insane
ancestors, or the spirits of traitors in much greater
proportion than the spirits of the honorable fallen.
This may simply be superstition, but most Theurges
know it's a rare superstition that has no basis in fact.

Ancestor-spirits are generally better inclined to-
ward Garou than are most other spirits, but that
doesn't mean the Storyteller should ignore the chance
of the Rite of Summoning bringing an initially hostile
spirit. After all, the Rite of Summoning isn't an invi-
tation — it's a command. Ancestor-spirits have their
pride, and it's all too easy to offend them by using the
Rite to compel them when they would have preferred
to be sought out and asked in person. Asa general rule,
the Storyteller may opt to lower the difficulty for
contacting a particular ancestor-spirit who has been
established to be on good terms with the ritemaster.
Otherwise, ancestor-spirits are treated like any other
for purposes of the Rite of Summoning.

|


ee =

Siboroage provide a few sample verses at the time of negotiation.
Ofall the different types of spirits, ancestor-spirits The Storyteller may call for a dice roll (usually
vary the most in what they consider ideal chiminage- Charisma + Etiquette, although others might be ap-
The finest chiminage to any ancestor-spirit isagiftor — Propriate) when presenting the ancestor with
service that reflects chiminage. Ancestor-spirits generally
the events of his or appreciate the proprieties of Garou
her life. Material of- society more than almost any other
ferings can take al- spirit would, and look more favor-
most any form, de- ably on those who seek them out
pending on the par- with all appropriate courtesy.
ticular spirit being ; Teaching Cif
courted; the offering of Antes : .
aia Ancestor-spirits are quite
an intricately wrought ; pie:
popular instructors, and in

scroll of genealogy that c
Oe On Bey many septs are more often

would delighta Silver Fang's 5
i hip: ed ent ae _< called on to teach Gifts than
honored grandfathers might for any other purpose. Most

thoroughly offend a Re fa

horoughly offend a Red homids learn their first breed

Talon ancestor-spirit. The tt a 24
fully polished and | Gift from an ancestor-spirit,

carer olished and restores * . .

COREIUIHY Boe REC ANG estore which considering the great

revolver that might delight a fi

Siig 8 e majority homids occupy, is a

Glass Walker ancestor-spirit ‘ se
rather remarkable statistic.

from the 19th century could well Younger ancestor-pirits are
bore and irritate the spirit of a Glass hie chefisieas teachentone
Walker who lived a century earlier. wan find: they =e still new
The supplicant is well advised to do soa torsheaintirest kes
her research into the life of the ances- poet eee niits ar any
tor-spirit sought, for certain offerings | Feinstein sna

that seem appropriate might be most oan po Fe Gite
offensive. An offering of a perfectly while they still have the clar-

crafted, silver-tipped arrow might | ity of spiritual perception that
d

seem perfect for the spirit of a comes with leaving.the flesh
renowned archer — but wI behind. Older ancestor-spir-
that worthy Garou ad its lose some of the empathy
from asilver-tipped ar- — instruction almost never
row through the heart? ‘ begins: with "this is how I
_ Thankfully, a few i learned it" — but are even
offerings of betterat the total immersion
chiminage are wel- of the student's senses.
comed by almostall
ancestor-spirits. J
The ritual offeringof Si
food or burnt fragrant \
woods nourishes aspirit,
particularly at a simple
altar set up for that pur-
pose. A promise tocom-
pose a new ballad
in an ancestor's
honor almost al-

It is theoretically pos-
sible for an ancestor-spirit
toteacha Giftthathe knew
in life, but that is not ordi-
narily taught by ancestor-
spirits. This is a difficult
process for the ancestor-
spirit, as it requires that
the spirit draw on knowl-
edge of a Gift
that he can
no longer use,
trying to reas-
semble the
pieces of memory

ways goes over
well, particularly if
the supplicant can

1


Seer rere rerunenr ree aren coe arr ener a re marrenserenre

come a ASD

into the raw instinct that operated the Gift. Learning
a Gift in such a way is similar to learning a Gift from
another werewolf (Werewolf, pg. 133); the experi-
ence cost is raised by one, although the process is
quicker, usually taking slightly less thana lunar month.
(Most of the Gifts of the Lost later in this chapter must
be learned in this fashion.)

Cnponering Fitithet

Conversely, ancestor-spirits are rarely called on to
empower fetishes. Part of this is sheer respect on the
Garou's part; fetishes are honored tools, but ultimately
tools. Placing one's grandmother intoa fetish, perhaps
never to be freed, is a shocking thought. Another
reason is that ancestor-spirits bestow relatively few
powers that the Garou do not themselves possess, and
lack as direct a connection to certain spirit ideals such
as "strength" or "speed." Binding the spirit of a strong
Garou into a fetish just isn't quite as effective as
binding a bull-spirit or bear-spirit. Worst of all, the
possibility of losing a fetish containing an ancestor —
or having it fall into a Black Spiral Dancer's claws —
is reason enough for Theurges to bind ancestors only
when necessary.

Even so, there are exceptions. The common
Apeskin requires a homid ancestor-spirit to function.
Certain wise ancestor-spirits agree to be bound into
large fetish objects such as shrines or natural stone
altars, providing a measure of wisdom and power to any
Garou who calls on them (and also minimizing the risk
of the fetish being lost or stolen). Finally, some power-
ful ancestor-spirits agree to inhabit weapon fetishes, so
that they may continue to fight on Gaia's behalf so
long as there's a Garou to bear them. Some of the most
revered grand klaives are bound with a mighty ances-
tor-spirit as well as a war-spirit, blending raw power
and ancestral wisdom into one perfect blade.

Giff of the Leet

At the conclusion of the Time and Tide scenario,
the Garou may find that their relationship with vari-
ous ancestor-spirits has been greatly strengthened.
More ancestor-spirits lost along the millennia are able
to find their way back, and may serve as potential
tutors for the last generation. And some of those newly
freed spirits may carry the wisdom of the Lost.

Gifts of the Lost Tribes of Garou are listed up to
Level Five. However, Level Four and Level Five Gifts
are hard to master for werewolves lacking the essential
connection tothe appropriate Tribal Totem. Although
the Storyteller may allow characters to learn these
mighty tribal secrets from ancestor-spirits, the experi-
ence cost to do so is multiplied by 1.25. Thus, learning

a Level Four Bunyip Gift costs 25 experience points,
and learning a Level Five Bunyip Gift costs 30 experi-
ence points.

All Gifts of the Lost are, of course, taught by
ancestor-spirits. Whether they are the ancestor-spirits
of the tribe or Breed in question is debatable (for
instance, the Croatan's sacrifice was complete, leaving
no Croatan ancestor-spirits behind), but the spirits of
ancestors who were close to the tribe or Breed in
question may teach them.

Sing

The ghosts of the Bunyip still hold a potent grudge
against the Garou who slew them, and against those
who offend them even in death. Those Bunyip ances-
tor-spirits released by the chronicle's events have little
love for to Red Talons (thanks to Wyrmbaiter's ac-
tions) and Children of Gaia (thanks to Cernounos'
meddling with their legacy) in particular. Overall, the
events of the Time and Tide chronicle should not be
construed as a reconciliation with the Bunyip ances-
tor-spirits as a whole. However, characters that have
taken part in the chronicle and acted to distinguish
themselves to the Bunyip (as detailed in Act III) may
be permitted to learn some of the following Gifts from
Bunyip ancestor-spirits. And, of course, the Storyteller

A Nope on Reconshruttion

Some Storytellers may be tempted to use the
information listed here, as well as in other sources,
to craft rules for playing one of the Lost in a
historical chronicle. This is, of course, perfectly
acceptable. However, it should be noted that the
Gift lists here are by no means meant to represent
the Gifts available toa living member of the appro-
priate Lost Tribe or Breed in their heyday; these are
Gifts that a modern Garou might learn from an
appropriate ancestor-spirit, and nowhere else.

Each of the Lost had particular Gifts that were
functionally similar to Garou Gifts — for example,
the Croatan had mastered Hand of the Earth Lords
long before their Uktena cousins did, and of course
the Grondr would use Sense Wyrm in their groom-
ing duties. These Gifts have not been listed here,
as Garou can learn them from more accessible
sources, However, those Storytellers looking to
assemble a more copious Gift list in reconstructing
one of the Lost should certainly flesh out the lists
with appropriate analogs to Garou Gifts, particu-
larly at the lower levels. Redundancy is nothing to
be ashamed of when it means that the tribes and
Changing Breeds are doing the jobs Gaia assigned
them better.

82 Past Lives

A


may rule that various Garou may have successfully won
ameasure of trust from the ghosts of Australia, and may
learn these Gifts as well. As with the other Gifts of the
Lost, use discretion in allowing these Gifts into a
chronicle; it's the best way to make those who've
earned the right to learn these tricks feel as though
they've truly earned it.

¢ Bunyip's Spell (Level One) — Great Bunyip
has many powers, among them the ability to freeze a
person in their tracks with a glance. He taught his
children this trick to defend themselves against hu-
mans without killing them.

System: The Garou must first make eye contact
with the target; the player rolls Willpower, opposed by:
the target's Willpower. For each success that the player
gains over the target, the target is frozen in place for
one turn and cannot defend himself. If the target is an
ordinary mortal, the player may choose to spend a
Willpower point to make the paralysis last for the rest
of the scene. The paralyzed victim remembers not
being able to move, butdoes not know why; those with
low Willpower tend to rationalize or forget the expe-
rience, as if it were'a bad dream. (Use the Delirium
chart to determine whether the person forgets or not.)
This Gift cannot be used on shapeshifters or the'
undead, only mortals or those who are mostly mortal
(such as most fomeri).

© Burrow-Bed (Level One) — This Gift was a
common survival trick among Bunyip, learned from
the spirits of burrowing animals such as wombats. The
Garou can burrow into the ground when he needs to
rest, sleeping comfortably to regain his strength with-
out fear of suffocation,

System: The player spends one Gnosis point. The
Garou burrows into the earth toa distance of about five
feet, filling in the hole after himself. The Gift allows
the werewolf to rest for up to twelve hours without
need for air. The disturbed earth filling the Garou's
burrow-bed is not automatically concealed, and ob-
servers can usually tell that something was recently
buried there. As such, this Gift is most useful in areas
where the ground will be covered before long by dust,
sand or leaf litter.

* Crocodile's Cunning (Level Two) — The
Bunyip passed into the lore of humans as an aquatic
monster, due in part to this Gift. Although of limited
utility in the greater Australian desert, this Gift al-
lowed the Bunyip to defend their waterholes, swamps
and rivers with clever ambushes, or simply to evade
pursuers. As the Gift name implies, the Bunyip origi-
nally learned this Gift from crocodile-spirits.

System: The player spends one Gnosis. The char-
acter may hold her breath for up to one hour, and gains

er LT PE

two dice to any Stealth rolls made while submerged in
water or mud.

© Dreamwalk (Level Two) — The Bunyip had a
distinct tie to the Umbra of their homeland, more
powerful than that of most Garou. Although those
who learn this Gift from Bunyip ancestor-spirits lack
the Bunyip's inborn affinity for the Penumbra, they
may still take great advantage of the Bunyip's wisdom.

System: Whenever the moon is visible in the
night sky, the Garou may, after a full minute of con-
centration, step sideways or use Gifts as if the Gauntlet
were two levels lower. This reduction in difficulty is
not cumulative with the reduction for using a reflec-
tive Surface to step sideways. For the Bunyip, this Gift
was Leyel\One; characters. of other, tribes learn this
Gift as Level Two:

* Lonesome Voice of the Bunyip (Level Three)
— This Gift was one of the last Bunyip Gifts to be
developed, asit directly arose from the pain and loss of
the War of Shame. Interestingly enough, it is also one
of the Gifts that the Bunyip ancestor-spirits are most
willing to teach to their few trusted Garou allies, for it
reinforces the tragedy of the Bunyip's fall and reminds
all who listen that such atrocities must never be
repeated. The Garou using this Gift emits the booming
ery of Great Bunyip himself, a frightening and sadden-
ing roar-howl of fear and loneliness,

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls
Charisma + Performance (difficulty 7). The Gift af-
fects all non-Bunyip (which is to say, all listeners)
within earshot. Those affected lose one temporary
point of Willpower per success until they have re-
treated from the Gift user's immediate area (roughly
earshot) or until the scene ends. No victim can be
affected by this Gift more than once in any sunset-to-
sunrise or sunrise-to-sunset period.

© Landspeak (Level Three) — Another Gift that
arose from the Bunyip's affinity for their homeland,
Landspeakallowsa Garou to listen tothe landand express
its various qualities and quirks in the form of a song.

System: The Garou must listen to the ground by
placing her ear directly against a tree, rock, or the earth
itself. The player rolls Gnosis, difficulty 7, The number
of successes indicates the relative distance within which
the user can gather information. One success might
indicate a mile or so, while five successes reaches out to
about 100 miles. The specific type of information sought
is determined before rolling the dice; the character
might, for instance, learn the number and type of
creatures walking on the earth within range, or the
distance of an approaching storm, or the number and
sort of roads that criss-cross the area. Certain queries
may provide more information than can be safely pro-

Chapter Four: Ancestral Wisdom 83

EE a ee EN,

|

Sere rere seen ere aren co are ney a res masrerenseneren

cessed, of course; trying to learn the number and type of
creatures walking the land while in an urban environ-
ment would likely result in sensory overload.

This Gift is only effective in the character's home-
land. Technically, this means one of two places — the
area where the character was born and raised, and the
geographical location the tribe (and specifically, the
character's bloodline) calls home. Thus, a Get of Fenris
of Scandinavian stock raised in Minnesota might be
able ro use this Gift in Minnesota or its adjoining states
or in Scandinavia, Characters bereft of a homeland in
one or the other sense lose the ability to use this Gift in
that sense. Thus, an army brat Silver Fang who never
settled in one place for very long might be able to use this
Gift in Russia, but not elsewhere. Most Silent Striders
cannot use this Gift at all.

¢ Gnowee's Torch (Level Four) —In Australian
Aborigine myth, thesun isthe torch carried by Gnowee,
a mother who spends each day searching fora |
This Gift allows the Garou to conjure a miniature
replica of her torch, a ball of sunlight and flame.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls
Intelligence + Occult, difficulty 7. The conjured flame
appears in the Garou's hand, and can be held there for
one turn per success before it gutters out; while it is in
the Garou's hand, the area around the Garou counts as
lit by ambient sunlight. The Garou may also hurl the
"torch" at an opponent or object (Dexterity + Athlet-
ics, difficulty 7), ending the Gift prematurely, but
inflicting a number of dice of aggravated (fire) damage
equal to the Garou's Gnosis, plus one die per two
successes on the Intelligence + Occult roll.

* Dance of the Lightning Snakes (Level Four) —
The Penumbra of Australia is inhabited by, among
other things, the lightning snakes — spirits that leap
to the earth and rebound to the heavens during Um-
bral storms, bringing lightning and rain. This Gift
allows. Garou to call on the lightning snakes to evoke
a powerful storm in the Umbra, washing away spirits
and lashing foes with bolts of spirit-lightning.

System: This Gift works only in the Umbra. The
player spends one Gnosis point, and rolls Willpower,
with the difficulty based on the spirit world's existing
weather (if any) — 5 if an Umbral storm is already
brewing, to 9 if the spirit world's skies are clear. The
difficulty is reduced by 1 ifthe character is in Australia's
Penumbra, where lightning snakes are more plentiful.
The storm gathers in three turns; it covers the equiva-
lent of 5 miles per success, and increases the difficulty
or Essence cost of any fire, perception or travel-related
Charms by 1. The Garou may direct the lightning
snakes to strike opponents (Charisma + Occult, diff
culty 7 to hit; 10 dice of aggravated damage). The

84 Past lives

(FE ae: —————— ee

ee

storm cannot bleed over into the physical world,
although a sympathetic (and uncontrolled) rain or
storm may gather in the material world.

* Billabong Bridge (Level Five) — Great Bunyip
was, among other things, a water-spirit. His children
used this Gift to successfully cross large expanses of
Australian terrain by using water as a shortcut. The
Garou may enter one body of fresh water and emerge
from another such body any distance away; salt water
"fouls" the Gift, and cannot transport the Gift user.
Both bodies of water must be personally well-known to
the Garou using the Gift.

System: The player spends two Gnosis points and
announces her destination. At the Storyteller's discre-
tion, using this Gift to leave orarrive in an area of high
Gauntlet may require a roll to step sideways to make
the transition safely. The Gift user cannot take anyone
with her while using this Gift; only those items dedi-
cated to her complete the journey.

© Black Swans (Level Five) — The Australian
Aborigines attributed the Bunyip with the ability to
transform people into black swans. Nobody remem-
bers whether the folktales arose from use of this Gift,
orifthis Giftarose from the folktales, but the stories are
certainly true. The Bunyip used this Gift as a means of
punishing those who went against Gaia, and their
ancestor-spirits teach it only to those inheritors who
display a tremendous sense of justic

System: The Garou must successfully splash an
opponent with water taken from the environment;
bottled water would not work, while water taken from
alocal riverand carried ina bottle would, and tap water
is effective in urban environments. The player spends
two Gnosis points and rolls Wits + Occult; supernatu-
ral targets (but not ordinary humans) may resist the
roll with Willpower. If the playerscores more successes
than the target, the target is transformed into a black-
feathered swan.

The swan loses access to most of its supernatural
abilities while transformed, although its basic nature is
unchanged; a vampire transformed into a black swan
would have no heartbeat or pulse, and would have to
drink blood to survive (although it could not expend
blood to increase its Attributes or use Disciplines).
Shapeshifters and other creatures that can take other
forms (such as vampires with shapeshifting Disci-
plines) remain in swan form for the duration of the
scene; for those with no shapeshifting ability, the
transformation is permanent unless somehow reversed.

Croafan
Evenat the close of the events of the Time and Tide
chronicle, the Croatan ancestor-spirits remain un-

|


reachable and lost — the sacrifice they made to banish
Eater-of-Souls cannot be undone without undoing the
result as well. However, Storytellers wishing to reward
players with a few select Croatan Gifts may still do so;
presumably, more Uktena and Wendigo ancestor-
spirits who had learned Middle Brother's lore have
been released, and are willing to share their secrets.

Alternately, the Storyteller may choose to have
some or even most Croatan ancestor-spirits return —
undoing the result of their sacrifice. This frees up
Eater-of-Souls to play a greater part in the End Times.
Such an option may be perfect for Storytellers about to
begin an Apocalypse chronicle.

* Turtle Body (Level One) — Many of the
Croatan's Gifts emulated the power of their patron,
Turtle. This Gift allows the Garou to emulate Turtle's
stoicism by slowing his metabolism into a torpor-like
state. The werewolf becomes inactive, but can go
without breathing for hours at a time and ignore
extremes of heat or cold. Uncontrolled bleeding stops,
and any poison working its way through the werewolf's
system is greatly slowed, not taking effect for hours.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls
Gnosis, difficulty 6; success indicates thatthe werewolf,
enters the trance. The trance lasts for up to one hour
persuccess, althoughthe Garou may choose toawaken
after a specifié amount of time has passed.

» Wyld Sight (Level One) — The Croatan were
able to foretell natural disasters and other such phe-
nomena by attuning themselves to the Wyld itself. By
use of this Gift, a character can perceive impending
outbursts of Wyld-related activity such as wildfires,
tornadoes, earthquakes and the like. He can/also
perceive Wyld-spirits in the Penumbra while remain-
ing in the physical world, although his vision is some-
what clouded.

System: The player rolls Perception + Enigmas,
difficulty 7. (In the Croatan's day and homeland, the
Wyld was stronger, and the difficulty was 6.) Success
reveals the nature and general source of the upcoming
Wyld manifestation, if any; the number of successes
determines how far in advance the Gift can predict a
given Wyld event.

Successes Time Before the Event
One 10 minutes

Two 30 minutes

Three One hour

Four Three hours

Five+ One day

* Safe Cave (Level Two) — This Gift derives
from Turtle's intimate connection with the living
earth. The Garou can will the earth to open up,

a,

creating a small cave that can hold up to six Garou in
Crinos, or more creatures in smaller forms. The werewolf
can will the opening to close once inside the cave,
concealing the cave's presence from outsiders (al-
though supernatural means may detect the cave or the
inhabitants within).

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls
Charisma + Survival, difficulty 7, to open the cave.
The Garou must decide whether to seal the cave or not
within three turns; the entrance cannot open and
close at will. The cave lasts for a period of time
dependent on the successes rolled; once the duration
expires (or the Garou chooses to end the Gift's etfects
prematurely), all within the cave pop out of the earth
again as the cave disappears.

Successes Duration
One One minute
Two 10 minutes
Three One hour
Four Six hours
Five+ Twelve hours

Those within the cave cannot be physically at-
tacked fromeoutside, but some Gifts (such as Hand of
the Earth Lords) can still affect themj/as canyany
burrowing effort strong enough to dig down into the
caye and break its seal. The cave provides fresh air;
those within are notin danger of suffocation. ThisGift
can only be used on natural earth, mud or sand; bare
rock, wood, metal or manmade materials such as con-
crete are not affected by the Gift.

© Turtle Shell (Level Two) — This Gift allows
the Garou to seal herself in a mystic protective shield
that resembles a turtle's shell. The shell is opaque from
the outside, but those‘on the inside can see through it.
The werewolf can opt to bring others into the shell
with her, if her power is sufficient.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls
Stamina + Survival. E gives the shell two
soak dice and two effective health levels; the radius
enclosed is two yards per success. A Crinos-form
werewolf requires about two yards radius, so with two
successes, two werewolves in Crinos could be pro-
tected (or three humans or Homid-form Garou, or so
on, at the Storyteller's discretion).

The shell lasts for one scene, or until broken either
by the Gift user's will or by sustaining too much
damage — whichever comes first. When broken, it
shatters into pieces that dissolve like so much mist.

* Call Earth Spirit (Level Three) — This Gift is
another of those that draws on the ancient alliance
with Turtle, summoning an earth-spirit to rampage
forth and crush things or people at the werewolf'

ch succes

Chapter Four: Ancestral Wisdom 85

SS

|

nae cee

bidding. The Garou must have some earth at hand to
invoke the earth-spirit, although a handful of dirt ora
smallish rock will suffice.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls
Manipulation + Occult, difficulty 8, The spirit cuts a
path of destruction in a straight line for up to 30 yards,
inflicting 10 dice of lethal damage to anything in its
path. Botching the summoning roll calls forth an
earth-spirit of some sort that is hostile to its summoner.

* Gift of Plenty (Level Three) — Corn Maiden's
earthen spirits of fecundity originally bestowed this
Gift on the Croatan. The Gift of Plenty allows the
werewolf to multiply any single chosen object into
many duplicate objects. In this way, a warrior can make
more arrows from a single arrow, or more bullets from
one bullet. Any object without spiritual power (no
fetishes, awakened objects or the like) can be multi-
plied: $20 bills, strips of steak, ears of corn, and so on.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and

rolls Charisma + Crafts, difficulty 7. The number of

successes determines the number of objects (includ-
ing the original) that result; two successes would
create one extra duplicate, four successes would cre-
are three duplicates, and so on. Duplicating precious
metals or rare ritual components requires an expen-
diture of two Gnosis; rare gems or materials such as
plutonium, three Gnosis.

The newly created objects last for only 24 hours,
and then disappear. But their effects remain — arrow
or bullet wounds heal at normal rates, goods bought
with multiplied money remain, multiplied food still
provides nutrition as long as it was digested before time
runs out, and so on.

© Stronger on Stone (Level Four) — Just as the
Uktena were mighty in the waters and the Wendigo
drew power from the winds, the Croatan were at their
strongest when standing on the earth itself. This Gift
allows a werewolf to mimic that strength — the closer
the Garou's tie to earth, the stronger he gets.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and one
Rage. The character receives a number of bonus dice
that he can add to Strength or Stamina (or divide
between them) for the remainder of the scene, de-
pending on where he stands, On dead wood, concrete
or other artificial flooring, the bonus is one die. On
living plant matter (such as thick grass or a tree root),
the bonus is two dice. On bare earth, the bonus is three
dice; on naked stone, four dice. If the character is
separated from the ground (such in an airplane or on
a bridge over water), the Gift has no effect.

© Underearth (Level Four) — Since Turtle went
into his comaclike sleep, many secrets of earth powers
once known are now forgotten — such as the Umbral

86 Past Lives

ee

tunnels beneath the Umbrascape. The Croatan did
not always rely on Luna's moon paths when traveling
the Umbra. This Gift allowed them to use the secret
tunnels under the earth, known to many earth-bur-
rowing spirits and totems, such as Mole, Badger and
Groundhog (who taught them the Gift). Insuch away,
the Croatan could travel long distances in the safety of
the Umbral underground.

This Gift is all but lost to werewolves by the time
of the 20th century, but this is almost a blessing; in the
modern era, Ratkin occupy many of these tunnels,
making them hostile territory for any Garou.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point; the
Garou is made aware of the nearest entrance into one
of these tunnels. Such an entrance might not be close
at hand; the werewolf might have to go on a day's
journey just to reach the nearest opening, depending
on the local population of burrowing spirits. Once
inside the tunnel, he can reach his destination safely.
When he gets to a multiple branching tunnel, he'll
know the proper way — otherwise, one could get lost
for years!

In all other respects, this Gift is much like travel-
ing a moon path, save that the potentially hostile
encounters that may be encountered along the way
take the form of Ratkin and other subterranean deni-
zens, rather than spiri

© Katanka-Sonnak's Spear (Level Five) —Some
cultures that the Croatan took as Kin were sun-wor-
shippers. The Croatan in turn established strong ties
with Helios and the Planetary Incarna of the sun,
Katanka-Sonnak. This Gift springs from this alliance;
by invoking the power of the sun, the Garou can call
a shaft of fire from the sky to impale an enemy and
immolate him in continuously burning flame.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and
rolls Dexterity + Occult to strike the target; no range
penalties apply, although the werewolf must be able to
see her target. If the strike is accurate, the victim takes
10 dice of damage from fire damage each turn; this
damage is aggravated, although shapeshifters are able
to soak it. The fire cannot be doused with ordinary
water; it will burn until 10 turns have elapsed unless
quenched by a water-spirit, somehow dispelled, or
until the victim takes no damage on a particular turn.

* Umbral Burrowing (Level Five) — The Um-
bral tunnels that the Croatan used to travel don't
always lead precisely where one would like. This Gift
neatly sidesteps that problem by allowing the Garou to
dig his own tunnels through the Umbrascape, between
any two points he choo:

System: The player expends three Gnosis; the
Garoustarts digging. A successful Perception + Occult


roll isnecessary to make sure that the tunnel comes out
in the right place. The process is a slow one, about
twice as long as ordinary Umbral travel (although the
burrower need noteat or rest as he digs), but the tunnel
is permanent once dug. It isn't necessary to know the
Underearth Gift to use Umbral Burrowing, but the
werewolf without knowledge of Underearth cannot
necessarily travel tunnels not of his own make without
getting lost.

White Pronferg

Aswith the Croatan, the White Howler ancestor-
spirits remain lost (or corrupted) even after the events
of Time and Tide. However, a Storyteller who doesn't
mind deviating from canon a touch can certainly rule
that a few managed to survive the Fall and safely hide
for the following centuries, only to be released safely.
Also, Storytellers can use the possibility of ancient
Fianna (or Get of Fenris) ancestor-spirits who learned
some of the Howlers' tricks resurfacing. As always, you
know your troupe best — if they would see these Gifts
as a cheesy attempt for a comic-book resurrection of
the tribe, don't mess with them. If they would love the
opportunity to uncover a bit of lost Garou heritage,
consider giving them the chance to earn it.

As noted in Act II, under the statistics of Aidan:
Farwatcher, some of the White Howlers Gifts are in
fact forerunners to Black Spiral Dancer Gifts of similar
mechanics. These Gifts (Burning Scars, FoamingFury)
may be added to this list in "non-Wyrmish" form,
although note that most modern Garou associate such
Gifts exclusively with the Black Spiral Dancers, and!
will not look kindly on characters who use them. Eyen
those White Howler Gifts that do not still exist, in:
Black Spiral Dancer form are still of dubious honor in
the eyes of many spirits; the players who use these Gifts
may find themselves with much explaining to do,
especially to Great Lion.

Most White Howler Gifts focused on harnessing
their powerful Rage to even more destructive ends,
although the Howlers were justly famous for their
howl-Gifts as well. They were also excellent trackers,
astrength that ultimately assisted their downfall asthe
newly-turned Black Spiral Dancers were able to hunt
down all their fellows all too easily.

© Blood-Scent (Level One) — Part of the White
Howlers' reputation as excellent trackers stemmed
from Gifts such as this one. The Garou with this Gift
finds it childishly easy to track down any human, beast
or supernatural being whose blood she has tasted. The
Howlers parlayed this Gift into the tactic of letting a
wounded enemy escape, only to unerringly track him
to his lair and the rest of his clan. Today, the Black

a

Spiral Dancers continue this practice, although with-
out the aid of the Blood-Scent Gift.

System: Once learned, this Gift's effects are per-
manent. The Garou receives two additional dice on
any roll made to track prey whose blood she has tasted.
These dice also apply to the use of tracking Gifts such
as Sense of the Prey.

© Haunting Howl (Level One) — One of the
howl-Gifts peculiar to the tribe, this eerie cry often
echoed across the desolate moors prior to a White
Howler raid.In the years since the White Howlers' fall,
this cry has become more alien and forlorn.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Intimida-
tion, difficulty 7. All enemies within earshot of the

werewolf howl suffer a +1 difficulty to Willpower
rolls for turns per success. Willpower expendi-
tures fected. No foe can be affected by more

thai one use of this Gift per scene.
® Lion's Bite (Level Two) — Lion's children
learned many things from their patron, including some

hunting tactics more familiar to big cats than to

‘wolves. The Garou with this Gift gains an unerring

‘ability to bite down on the throat of his prey, choking
ir unconscious or to death, or even crushing its wind-
pipe as lions do.

System: The player may spend a Rage point and
roll Dexterity + Brawl (difficulty 7) to initiate a chok-
ing bite. Ifshe gains one or two successes on the attack
roll, theattack is treated as a bite; if she gains three or
more, she successfully begins a choking bite. The
target takes bite damage as usual, and will begin to
Suffocate unless he can beat the Garou in a resisted
Strength test in successive turns. The Garou may
maintain the hold from turn to turn; she does not
inflict any more automatic bite damage, but the suffo-
cation rules (Werewolf, pg. 188) continue to apply. A
held victim may take actions other than trying to
escape, but any such action is at +2 difficulty. Due to
the supernatural power of this Gift, it can be used on
creatures much greater in size than the Garou. A
werewolf could theoretically use Lion's Bite to strangle
4 Thunderwyrm, although the Storyteller may call for
more successes on the attack roll to succeed against a
foe of such size.

* Pain-Strength (Level Two) — The White
Howlers were hardy enough to shrug off the effects of
pain, but some learned the trick of letting their pain
fuel them. The wounds of a White Howler actually
gave him strength, allowing him to achieve great feats
of might at the cost of his own blood.

System: When the character is first wounded, the
player may choose to spend a Rage point to activate this
Gift. For the remainder of the scene, the character gains

Chapter Four: Ancestral Wisdom 87

aE

manne

|

suffers from. In addition, wound penalties do not affect
his Strength score or damage pools (although they affect
any Strength + Ability pools). Thus, a character at
Wounded would lose two dice from most dice pools, but
actually gain two dice to his Strength score. If the
character would ignore wound penalties (due to frenzy
or Resist Pain), he does not gain the bonus Strength.

* Blooding Fury (Level Three) — The Fianna
often wondered if the White Howlers were the masters
of their Raye, or if Rage was the master of the White
Howlers. This Gift only added to the Fianna's trepida-
tion. By wounding herself, the Garou is able to tap into
a fresh reservoir of Rage, for good or for ill.

System: The Garou must injure herself with a
claw orbite; the character takes one level of unsoakable
ravated damage, and regains all her temporary
Rage. This Gift can be used only once per scene.

* Sense of the Deep (Level Three) — Up until
: Fall, Lion's tribe was convinced it was their duty to
a to hunt down Her enemies even beneath the

surface of the earth. This Gift aided them in their
endeavors to fight Wyrm-things in their own burrows.
A werewolf with this Gift is at home ina subterranean
environment, almost moreso than above ground.

System: This Gift's effects are permanent once
learned. While underground, the werewolfautomatically
knows which direction is north, and can instinctively
retrace hispath tothe exit. (However, thisdirectionsense
can be tampered with by other supernatural powers, as
happened in the Hive where the Fall took palace.) The
character can also see in darkness underground without
fering any dice pool penalties or added difficulty; this
works much as the metis Gift: Eyes of the Car, but only
while the Garou is underground,

® Maddening Howl (Level Four) — The super-
natural quality of the White Howlers' howls was what
gave them their tribal name, to say nothing of their
reputation. This howl-Gift represents one of their
worst howls, a terrible ululating wail that bends the
minds of those who hear it to the breaking point. This
is a terribly dangerous Gift for modern-day Garou to
use, as only White Howlers are immune to the howl —
and there are none of those left.

System: The player spends one point of Rage and
one point of Gnosis and rolls Charisma + Performance,
difficulty 7; those within earshot may roll Willpower,
difficulty 7, to resist. If the player gains more successes
than the victim, the victim is driven mad for the
duration of the scene. Victims are treated as if they were

suff

88 Past Lives

eee NN


affected by the "Catatonic Fear," "Panic," "Disbelief,"
"Berserk" or "Terror" effects on the Delirium chart
(Werewolf, pg. 192). The Storyteller chooses the spe-
cificeffect, although the Gift's effects tend to be random
rather than governed by the victim's personality.

© Visions of Slaughter (Level Four) — This
frightening curse derived from the White Howlers'
unusual practices of bonding with the ghosts of slain
animals. By marking a person with his spit, blood or
other bodily fluids, the werewolf can curse his victim
to be haunted with visions of any animal or individual
killed by hisactions (orinaction). Even animals can be
driven to distraction by visions of prey animals that are
always within view, but cannot be touched, This Gift
is of course of little use against the innocent, but
against the soldiers, shapeshifters and vampires that
werewolves most commonly face, it has terrible power.

System: The Garou must first bring the victim-to-
be into contact with his saliva, blood, sweat or other
badily fluid; the player rolls Intelligence + Occult,
difficulty of the target's Willpower. The victim is
haunted by bloody visions of any reptile, bird or
mammal dead by her hands for one day per success.
The more deaths the victim has been responsible for,
the more vivid and distracting the visions. Each day,
the victim must make a Willpower roll at a difficulty
set by the Storyteller to avoid losing a temporary point
of Willpower. The difficulty ranges from 4 to 9, based
on the amount of blood on the character's hands; an
all-but-innocent who has done little more than set
mousetraps and accidentally run over an opossum
would be a4, while the average Garou might resist at
difficulty 7, and a murderous vampire at difficulty 9.
The amount of remorse the character would ordinarily
feel has no bearing on the curse; a vampire who cares
nothing for the people he's drained to death will still
be horribly distracted, as his victims appear far more
real and far more frequently,

While the Gift is in effect, the victim cannot
recover temporary Willpower. Once the victim's tem-
porary Willpower has been reduced to half of the
permanent score, all rolls she makes (apart from soak
or damage rolls) are at +1 difficulty until the Gift's
effects pass.

* Mad Strength (Level Five) — Garou under the
spell of this Gift become even more terrifying when
the mb to their Rage. When driven to the
breaking point, the werewolf's strength is greatly in-
creased, allowing him to wreak even more destruction
on his foes. Werewolves affected by this Gift undergo
a bodily change when berserk; their thews bulge and
twist in disproportionate ways, giving them an almost
monstrous appearance.

suce!

Chapter Four: Ancestral Wisdom

System: The character gains two extra dice of
Strength and one extra die of Stamina whenever she
enters a berserk frenzy (or Thrall of the Wyrm), Once
learned, the Gift's effects are permanent.

© White Fire (Level Five) — This forgotten Gift
is the last link to the sacred bone-fires that the White
Howlers kept before their Fall and conversion to
Balefire. The werewolf can hurl a stream of blinding
white fire from his hand, searing the flesh from the
bones of his foes.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls
Dexterity + Occult (difficulty 6). The bone-fire in-
flicts six dice of aggravated damage, plus one die for
every extra su son theattack roll, In addition, ifthe
victim suffers more than three levels of damage after
soak, she is blinded for the duration of the scene.

Lott Breed Cif

The odds against it are astronomical. That the
ancestor-spirit of one of the Lost Breeds could have
survived for millennia after the extinction of the Breed
— not only is itnota guarantee, it's almost impossible.
Many abstract concepts are reflected in the
world, and extinction is no exception; if a spe
wiped out in the physical world, the animistic nature
of the Werewolf world might well doom that species'
spiritual reflections to the same fate.

But most epics worth telling begin with by bucking
the odds somehow. Officially, no Garou in the
Werewolf universe are in contact with the ancestor-
spirits of Lost Breeds — but a troupe lives to be the
exception, yes?

These Gifts, and the spirits who teach them, are the
trickiest ro use properly. The events of Time and Tide are
sufficient to explain how a few of these ancestor-spirits
could potentially return to the world more readily, but
that's only half the struggle. Winning the trust of an
Apis, Grondr or Camazotz ancestor-spirit is almost
worthy of a chronicle in itself — particularly consider-
ing that a character is sure to have ancestors of his own
who participated willingly in the War of Rage.

Note that no Lost Breed Gifts of Level Four and
Five are listed. This is because the greatest powers of a
Changing Breed are generally the province of that
Breed alone, and often hinge on the particular physi-
ognomy or spiritual makeup of the Breed in question.
The Gifts thar Garou (or other Changing Breeds, for
that matter) are able to learn are tricks that are
somewhat more accessible in nature. In some cases,
these Gifts are higher level as Garou Gifts than they
would be for the Breed in question; after all, it's much
easier to learn the Camazotz' many secrets of flight if
you naturally possess a bat's wing structure.

|


Ser rar ren core erence are rc a re amcerensenerensre

Ape
The Apis were were-aurochs, shapeshifters who
could take the form of the wild ancestor of domestic
cattle. They were a proud, strong race, as unlike the
domestic cattle of today as the Garou are unlike
domestic dogs. They served an unusual purpose in the
grander scheme of things — they are generally under-
stood to have been matchmakers in both a broader and
specific sense. They moved among humanity with
greater ease than most Changing Breeds, having a
relatively low Rage; there they attempted tostrengthen
human bloodlines, encouraging the wise and strong to
produce children thatawould benefit the race — and
Gaia—asa whole. Theyare also said to have practiced
their art among the Changing Breeds, recommending
that particular groups settle in particular terrain most
suited to them, otarranging beneficial Kin/shapeshifter
matches. In some ways;,they were the companion
Breed to the Gurahl (who Kealed the land) and the
Grondr (who cleansed the land), doing their best to
cleanse and heal humanity. Ultimately, though, their
comparative lack of inner Rage served them poorly in
the wars of the same name.

The Apis were a ritualistic Breed, and even their
Gifts often had a ritual feel to them, Their Gifts largely
focused on promoting harmony, healing humans and
nurturing the emotions as well as the body; however,
they also had their share of Gifts thatdrew power from
the aurochs side of their nature. An Apis ancestor-
spiritmight look kindly on homids, Philodox, Galliards,
Children of Gaia, and tosome extent Fianna and Glass
Walkers.

© Gift of Flesh (Level One) — Although her-
bivorous in their aurochs form, the Apis were as
omnivorous as any human in their Homid or minotaur-
like Crinos forms, and were famous for ritually devour-
ing their enemies. This Gift was a favorite of the more
martial war-bulls, as it allowed them to refresh their
own strength by the "gift" of their foes' flesh. The
Garou who learns this Gift may do the same, but at the
cost of potentially violating the Litany.

System: Once learned, this Gift's effects are per-
manent. If the character spends ten minutes in Crinos
form devouring the body of a foe slain in combat (not
a prey animal), he immediately regains his choice of
two temporary Rage, one temporary Willpower or one
temporary Gnosis. However, the flesh of the undead
provides no spiritual nourishment, and creatures with
poisonous flesh are no less toxic to the eater.

© Scent of Changing Blood (Level One) — In
their roles as matchmakers, the Apis often needed to
know if the people they were attempting to bring
together were Kinfolk to any Changing Breed or not.

90

Past Lives

(amma mma sai mara cans /,

This Gift allowed them to breathe the scent of a man
or woman and tell whether or not the person was Kin,
in order to properly pair Kin with those who would
strengthen their bloodlines rather than dilute them.

System: The character can automatically detect
whether or not someone is Kin to his own Breed —
Garou using this Gift automatically detect Garou
Kinfolk. In addition, the player may roll Perception +
Primal-Urge, difficulty 7, to accurately pinpoint the
strongest tribal bloodline of the Kin in question. Kin-
folk to other shapeshifters can be detected as well, but
it requires the same Perception + Primal-Urge roll
(and a minimum of two successes), and the character
can accurately identify Kinfolk only if he has encoun-
tered the smell of their Changing. Breed relatives
before. (Thus, a Garou who has never encountered a
Nagah could tell thata Nagah Kinfolk was Kin of some
sort if he succeeded on ther6ll, but would not be able
to pinpoint the precise scent.)

© Sun and Moon Signs (Level Two) — Like the
Mokolé, the Apis were creatures of both sun and
moon. They viewed Helios asa source of male wisdom,
and Luna as a source of female wisdom, and sought to
learn the waysiof both. This Gift taps into the wisdom
of sun and moon, allowing the user to read omens in
such things as eclipses, the color of the rising moon,
the rings around either, and so on.

System: The character must meditate as he ob-
serves.the sky; the sun or moon must be visible. The
player spends one Gnosis and rolls Intelligence +
Enigmas, difficulty 9. If successful, the
gain a tidbit of information about some upcoming
event relevant to him or his loved ones. This omen is
revealed in the sense of positive or negative, and a
rough time of fulfillment — "a bad fate on the next
crescent moon," or "a potential blessing three sunrises
from now." The Gift can foretell events up to five days
in the future for every success.

© Ties of Destiny (Level Two) — The Apis, like
many ancient human cultures, believed that certain
people were tied together from birth to share a com-
mon destiny. This Gift allowed the Apis to perceive
the threads that tie a person to his destined mate — or
someone who was tied to him by a darker fate.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls
Perception + Enigmas, difficulty 8. If successful, she
perceives the ties of destiny as shimmering red threads
that stretch out from the observed subject's heart, liver
or hands in the direction of the person or persons fated
to share a common destiny with the subject. The
threads may appear slack or taut; the more taut the
thread, the closer the tie between people or the nearer
the shared fate is to coming to pass. This Gift, however,

haracter may


does not reveal whether the shared destiny is good or
bad — only if it is strong or imminent.

* Hathor's Blessing (Level Three) — Among
the many gifts given the Apis was the ability to
promote fertility in others, even to the point of in-
creasing the chance of a shapeshifter breeding true.
Although the werewolf who learns this Gift must
sacrifice a portion of her own spiritual essence to
bestow Hathor's Blessing, the diminishing numbers of
the Garou make it arguably well worth the price.

System: The Garou touches the person to re-
ceive the blessing at the brow, the sternum, and just
below the navel; the player sacrifices one permanent
Gnosis. The next child conceived by the blessed
individual has an additional
true (thus, a 35% chance of breeding true if the
character mates with a Kin of no particular Pure
Breed). If neither the Gift's target nor his or her mate
is a shapeshifrer or Kinfolk (or is a shapeshifter that
doesn't pass on its nature by breeding, such as Corax),
there is still a 25% chance that their child will breed
true, becoming a shapeshifter of the same type (and
apparently of the same bloodline) of the Gift user.
This Gift cannot, however, produce Pure Breed in a

4 chance to breed

child if the parents possess none.

* Strength of the Brazen Bull (Level Three) —
The Apis knew a Gift that allowed them to turn their
hides to brass, their hooves to iron, and their breath to
flame, making them fearsome opponents in battle. To
this day, the brazen bulls are still remembered in
legends from around the Mediterranean. The Apis
ancestor-spirits are capable of passing on a ver:
this Gift to Garou, although the potency is somewhat
ill, a Garou with fur of brass and iron claws
is something to be feared.

System: The player spends one Rage and one
Gnosis and rolls Stamina + Survival, difficulty 6. The
Garou's fur becomes brass-colored and metallic, offer-
ing him one extra soak die, and his claws become
metallic, adding one damage die to all claw attacks.
The effects last for one turn per success.

Camarofz.

The Camazotz were the werebats, alternately called
the Ears of Gaia, Luna's Messengers, and the Voice of
Gaia. In many ways, they were a direct analog of the
Corax. Both served the duty of carrying messages, but
where the Corax were tied to Helios and the day, the
Camazotz were children of Luna and the night. How-
ever, the Camazotz had the disadvantage of relying on
acomplicated ritual to swell their numbers, much like

ion of

lessene


Sree rere ren ce ern arr a re emewrensenerenav

the Corax, and fewer advocates among the Garou than
the Corax possessed. Most were slain in the initial War
of Rage, and Shadow Lords traveling to the Americas
centuries later finished the job.

Camazotz Gifts tended to enhance their abilities
to carry messages swiftly, communicate over long
distances, and use their flight ability to their advantage
in combat. Some of their Gifts also enhanced the racial
strengths of bats, derivatives of which were later taught
to the Black Spiral Dancers by a fallen Bat totem. A
Camazotzancestor-spirit might favor metis, Ragabash,
Theurges, Bone Gnawers, Silent Striders, Uktena or
Stargazers. Most will have great hate for Shadow
Lords, although some will look favorably on the Chil-
dren of the Bat camp (see Tribebook: Shadow Lords).

© Private Whispers (Level One) — This Gift
exemplified the werebats' ability to deliver a message
with utmost discretion. By covering his mouth and
whispering, the user may speak tovanyone he can see
without being overheard,

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Subter=
fuge, difficulty 7; if attempting to contact someone
unaware of the character or his supernatural nature
(for instance, to "haunt" a person), the player mustalso
spend a Willpower point. The character may whisper
for one turn per success; the target is the only one able
to hear the character's words. The Gift does not
empower the target to reply in kind.

* Shadow Skin (Level One) — The Camazotz
were at home in the darkness, and knew how to bend
it to their will. By calling on the power of this Gift, a
Garou may enjoy some of the same protection the
werebats relied on. The user is wrapped in semi-solid
shadow, making her more difficult to see, muffling the
noise of her movements, and even offering her some
measure of protection against attacks.

System: The player spends one Willpower point,
While the Gift is in effect, the character gains one die
to soak damage (which is treated exactly like armor;
see Werewolf, pg. 206) and three extra dice to any
Stealth roll. This Gift ordinarily lasts for a scene,
although its effects are immediately neutralized if the
character enters any brightly lit area.

© Bloodletting Bite (Level Two) — Although
the Camazotz bred with insectivorous bats, not vam-
pire bats, this Gift allowed them to borrow certain
properties of their blood-drinking cousins' bite. The
saliva of the Gift user becomes a supernatural antico-
agulant, causing their victims to bleed dramatically.

System: If the character successfully does damage
with a bite attack, the player may activate this Gift by
spending one Gnosis and rolling Intelligence + Medi-
cine (difficulty 8). For one turn per success, the victim

92 Past Lives

EE

loses one additional health level of lethal damage at
the end of the turn; this damage cannot be soaked.
Creatures who do not bleed cannot be affected by this
Gift. Vampires lose one blood point per turn instead of
suffering actual damage. The bleeding can be stopped
if the bite wound is magically healed.

© Luna's Favor (Level Two) — Insome cultures,
the bat is a symbol of luck. The Camazotz were not
innately lucky themselves, but they enjoyed a measure
of fickle Luna's favor. This Gift allows a werewolf to
draw on Luna's mercurial blessings much as the
Camazotz did, for better or worse.

System: The player spends one Willpower and
makes a Willpower roll (difficulty 8). If successful, the
player may nominate one roll made during the remain-
der of the scene as "fortunate." The player gains one
automatic success to the fortunate roll (as if she had
spent a Willpower point). She may also reroll as many
dice on the fortunate roll as she scored successes on the
roll to activate this:\Gift; however, the second result
stands, even if worse than the first. If she gains no
successes‘on the roll, the Willpower, point is wasted;
such is fortune.

For example: Tara activates Fortune's Favor just
before a klaive duel. She spends one Willpower and
gains three successes on her Willpower roll. During the
fight, her character attempts to disarm her opponent,
and Tara nominates the roll as "fortunate." Her normal
Dexterity + Melee dice pool issix dice, and the difficulty
for a disarm with a klaive is 7. Tara rolls 1, 3, 5, 6,7, 9
— two successes, plus one automatic success. She can
reroll up to three dice, and she chooses to reroll the 1, 3
and 5 —rollinga 3, 7 and 8. She now has four successes
plus the automatic success — much better.

 Bat's Shriek (Level Three) — The Camazotz
developed many Gifts taking advantage of their remark-
able vocal range, some of which were used as weapons.
It's said that the death-scream of the last Camazotz still
echoes in remote parts of the Umbra. The Bat's Shrick
Giftis not quite as powerful, but still quite effective; the
user emits an ultrasonic cry that stuns, disorients and
even bruises those nearby. As the cry is ultrasonic, it
doesn't necessarily alert human listeners within earshot
(although wolves or Lupus-form Garou within earshot
may wind up with a headache).

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls
Stamina + Performance. All those within thirty yards
of the Garou take one unsoakable health level of
bashing damage for every two successes.

* Blinding Spittle (Level Three) — The Messen-
gers of Luna were not above preying on their enemies'
reliance on sight. With their version of this Gift, a
Camazotz was able to strike a foe blind by simply

|


A

spitting on him, placing him at the werebat's mercy.
The version of this Gift that can learned by Garou is
less powerful, but still quite potent.

System: The character activates the Gift by spit-
ting on the opponent; the player spends one Gnosis
and rolls Dexterity + Medicine, difficulty of the
opponent's Stamina. The target is blinded forone turn
per success. Blind characters cannot dodge, parry or
block attacks, and are at +2 difficulty to all actions.

Grong

The Grondr were wereboars, appointed to the post
of Gaia's groomers. It was their task to keep her surface
free from impurity, using their tusks and keen scent to
root out potential taints and blemishes before they
could become truly problematic. They were a more
social Breed than most, although not as tightly knit as
the Garou. They were as mystical as most Changing
Breeds, though not given to relying on Gifts and rites
before their own abilities, and honored their own
warrior code, which included a complex system of
challenges (or "jousts") for status, Regrettably, they
never had a chance to spread much beyond their
homelands of Europe before the War of Rage drove
them to extinction.

Chapter Four: Ancestral Wisdom

The Grondr's Gifts struck a balance between Gifts
of balance, harmony, healing and cleansing and Gifts
of endurance, resolution, ferocity and courage. A
Grondr ancestor-spirit might favor lupus or Ahroun
Garou. Paradoxically, the Garou tribes closest to their
own warrior code are those that fought hardest against
them in the War of Rage — the Fianna, Get of Fenris
and Silver Fangs. A Garou from one of these tribes
petitioning a wereboar ancestor-spirit would have to
prove a sincere repentance for his ancestors' deeds, but
would do well in the Grondr's estimation ifshe showed
valor and honor.

* Root (Level One) — In order to properly
perform their jobs, the Grondr had to be able to sniff
out sources of potential corruption below the ground's
surface. This Gift allows the user to scent out buried
objects that are somehow connected to corruption,
disease or rot — thus, a werewolf with this Gift could
sniff out buried barrels of toxic waste (which corrupt
the Earth) or a rotting corpse. This Gift can even
detect Hives or deep-burrowing Wyrm-creatures far
beneath the earth's surface, if the user's intuition is
sharp enough.

System: The player rolls Perception + Primal-
Urge, difficulty 7; the number of successes determines

93


the depth of the Gift's effects. The character gains a
general impression of any potential source of corrup-
tion within the Gift's range — its relative strength,
and a vague sense of what spiritual aura hangs over it.
A human corpse might read as "moderate rot," while a
Thunderwyrm's tunnel might read as "faint corrup-
tion," or "powerful corruption" if the Thunderwyrm
itself is below. The source of corruption need not be
precisely under the Gift user, though it cannot be more
than ten feet away horizontally; the Grondr used this
Gift on roving patrols.

Successes Depth
One Five feet
Two 10 feet
Three 25 feet
Four 100 feet
Five 500 feet
Six+ A mile

* Taint-Eating (Level One) — Like the Apis,
the Grondr had a tradition of ritually devouring
their fallen foes. However, these macabre feasts had
a different purpose entirely for the Grondr. By de-
vouring the bodies of Wyrm-beasts and fomori, the
Grondr removed them from Gaia's face, ritually
eating and digesting their taints and toxins. In the

modern age of O'Tolley's and chemically enhanced
fomori, this Gift can prove even more useful than it
did in ancient times:
System: The player rolls
difficulty 8. With even one success, the character is
immune to any ingested poisons or drugs, and will not
pick up Wyrm-taint from any tainted food he eats
(However, the character does not automatically know
if the Gift's effects have failed.) The Gift's effects last

stamina + Empathy,

for one scene.

¢ Furrow (Level Two) — This Gift parlayed the
Grondr's natural animal talent for overturning earth
into a potent supernatural ability. By digging one tusk
in the ground, the Grondr could open a long furrow or
ditch as easily as uprooting a weed. Garou who learn
this Gift use their claws to create the initial cut in the
earth's skin that grows into the larger furrow. This Gift
was often used to create temporary fortifications, tem-
porarily divert the flow of streams to wash an area
clean, or to dig graves for fallen warriors.

System: This Gift functions only on earth or sand;
avated

rock, concrete or other materials cannot be
(although there are rumors of a more powerful version
of this Gift that could be used on such surfaces.) The
character digs into the earth with her claws; the player


rolls Strength + Primal-Urge, difficulty 7. The furrow
created may be up to one foot deep, one foot wide and
two feet long per success. Enemies caught above an
opening trench must make Dexterity + Athletic rolls
(difficulty 4 + the character's successes) to avoid
fallingin. Although this Gift is not considered harmful
co the earth as a whole, overuse of the Gift may anger
the local earth elementals.

© Thunderous Charge (Level Two) — The
Grondr's fighting style centered on powerful charges
meant to overbear their opponents, followed by
repeated slashes with their long, razor-sharp tusks,
This Gift added supernatural hitting power to a
charge, allowing the Grondr to knock even a giant
to the ground.

System: When using the Body Tackle maneuver
(Werewolf, pg. 209), the player may spend a Rage
point to invoke this Gift's effects. The Gift user gains
three dice to both the attack roll and the Dexterity +
Athletics roll to remain on his feet; in addition, the
damage caused by the body tackle is considered déthal;
not bashing.

* Cleansing Tusks (Level' Three) — Although
not chosen to be;Gaia's warriors, the Grondr were
still bound by duty to oppose those who tainted their
lands, This Gift was one of their battle-magies, focus-
ing their skills at purification into.a martial appliea-
tion. When this Giftis in effeet, the teeth of the user
become purest white, so bright they almost shine
with inner light. Wyrm-taint boils away at the touch
of the Cleansing Tusks, much to the detriment of the
fundamentally tainted.

System: The player spends one Rage and one
Gnosis. If the Gift user bites (or gores, in the case of the
original Grondr) a target who suffers from light Wyrm-
taint and inflicts at least one health level of damage,
the target is freed from the taint, as if targeted by a Rite
of Cleansing. Creatures whose Wyrm-taint is a funda-
mental portion of their being (such as Banes, fomori,
demons or vampires) are not freed from their taint,
although the Gift user gains an additional die of
damage against such creatures. Wounds bestowed on
Wyrm-creatures by this Gift always scar visibly.

* Uproot (Level Three) — The Grondr knew
that the tallest tree could be toppled by striking at the
root. This Gift conveys the ability to cause consider-
able damage to a tree or structure if the user strikes at
the foundation. The Grondr often used this Gift to
topple diseased trees, but were not averse to using it
against human dwellings as well if the need arose.

System: The Garou strikes at the base of a tree,
cornerstone, support beam or other foundation of a
structure. The player spends one Rage and one Gnosis

Se

and rolls Wits + Primal-Urge, difficulty 7; this is a
reflexive action, and must be performed in the same
turn that the character strikes. For each success, the
character gains three dice to her damage pool against
the foundation. If the tree or structure falls as a result
of this Gift, the player may choose the direction in
which it falls (if applicable).

Tet
Ripe of urging Portutt Myth)

Level Five

This potent but flawed rite was known to but a
few Garou in years gone past, and has all but vanished
from the world in modern times. The rite is designed
asa last resort against particularly powerful enemies,
achance to hurl themintothe Witbra and beset them
with the spititsof Garou, condemning them to an
eternal struggle. The ritual liberates the spirit por-
tions of living werewolves present for the rite, bind-
ing them to the foe. However, the sacrifice of mul-
tiple Garou — Garou who are sure to die, and whose
ancestor Spirits, will be lost to future generations
unless they eventually win their struggle — is a hard
thing toask. In the twilight days of the dying Garou
race, it can hardly be worth it.

The ritemaster must paint herself with glyphs of
death, vengeance andimmortality, drawn in the blood
of Garouor Kin. The invocations of the rite are a series
of bloody oaths, each one proclaiming that not even
death can keep the Garou from carrying out their duty
to oppose the enemies of Gaia.

System: The ritemaster nominates a target, either
by line of sight, or by name, and rolls Wits + Rituals,
difficulty 7. If the ritemaster has both line of sight and
aname, the difficulty is reduced by 1. For each point of
Rage, Gnosis or Willpower that the ritemaster perma-
nently sacrifices, the time needed to complete the rite
(ordinarily 50 minutes) is reduced by 10 minutes, to a
minimum of 10 minutes. Atthe completion of the rite,
a wave of spiritual power and binding rolls outward for
100 yards per success.

Each Garou within range may choose to answer
the rite's call. If he does so, his body dies and his spirit
immediately becomes an ancestor-spirit, of a power
level suitable to the rank and power he held in life.
Each ancestor-spirit created in this way has at least as
much Rage, Gnosis and Willpower as it possessed in
life; they also gain the Charms: Airt Sense, Armor and
Tracking. The Storyteller may assign additional Charms
as appropriate; a former Glass Walker of great Renown
might gain Control Electrical Systems, while a potent
Uktena could gain Flood. The spirits of recently de-

Chapter Four: Ancestral Wisdom 95

ee ES EN


the rite is performed amidst a battle) may also heed the
call if they choose.

The ancestor-spirits are bound to the target spirit
hy the rite, and cannot leave its side for long; they are
doomed to struggle with it for ages on end. However,
the spirit they are bound to cannot destroy them; an
ancestor-spirit bound by this rite that falls to
Essence falls into Slumber, and is borne along with the
target until itreawakens and can fightanew. However,

ero

ceased Garou who linger in the area (for instance, if

the ancestor-spirits cannot harvest Gnosis from their
target, and thus cannot kill it permanently when they
reduce it to zero Essence. When the target reaches zero
Essence, the ancestor-spirits gain a brief reprieve until
it has reformed, and the battle begins anew.

The more Garou that sacrifice themselves in this
manner, the larger and more powerful the creature or
spirit that can be banished — in a variant of this rite,
the sacrifice of the entire Croatan tribe was sufficient
to banish Eater-of-Souls itself.

96 Past Lives

|


From Tre Dawn oF TIME

For the greatest heroes, death is not the end. The wisest and strongest of Garou
linger on, remaining as spirits to guide their descendants in the great struggle.
But when the honored dead begin to manifest in greater and greater numbers,
what does that mean for the future? When the dreams of battles long past
come to the present, what happens to the monsters thought defeated so
long ago?

) "a To THz End or Days

An epic chronicle for Werewolf: The Apocalypse, Past
Lives takes the players' characters on a long and harrowing
journey that stretches back into the dawn of time and climaxes
in the modern world. Not only does this book provide more
information on the nature of ancestor-spirits and what they have

to offer, but it also grants a glimpse into the future of the
\) Apocalypse and what is arstake. The characters have the

S) chance to leam from the past — and to affect the future.

Past Lives inc!udes:

* A complete chronicle, Tide and Time, which
spans generations — in unexpected ways

© Detailed information on ancestor-spirits, from
summoning them to being possessed by them

© The Gifts of the lost tribes — Croatan, Bunyip
and White Howlers — and of the lost Changing Breeds

BS Were a |

MAROC ALY PSE §
