# File: Players Guide.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

J << <r ae ee,
aS > . . . F
a \:. Ye 2D >
7) \ i | ae j A
a> d 4XANE
A Pa — > - & irs
~ a ai Vat A. * —-. SS 's .
h- > irae <i as s . Sy Os: AX.
"oa

-* af » ®
{i a oe | A ee ee ee ee

4

&.
‘A.

A

i ee ek ee el ee

Nae Be Sa
AGA

4
=

YvA

4

Pee 5 ;

WAY

1a
we

QFN

=
loa hh wwelUelleeellUreeel esl UCetlUlerl".lCUr SLU Ce
oo i » i pr we . .
x

wy

UT XZ yA Y
4AM
a = we

=> 4.2.
}

»
RNR 250

a BS
—~ ne <
=

ANCA S,

d
-

g
LL,

is

a

at aoc = lhlUl lw hlUcClUGSlUl Ce ee
‘ — 7 rene ‘ i> 2a as
ca oa
?

ieee aS oY \ eee SL i yar Dwak OF 3
TONIC CLAUS

aa" ,

ee

>
i
i
‘

ss

¢

-

|


.

a

v

=a

Written by: Phil Brucato, Jackie Cassada, Richard Dansky,
Jennifer Hartshorn, Robert Hatch, Stephan Herman, Chris
Howard, lan Lemke, Angel McCoy, Neil Mick, Nicky Rea
Addtional Material by: Allen Tower

Developed by: lan Lemke

Edited by: Cynthia Summers

Vice President in Charge of Production: Rich Thomas
Art Directors: Aileen E. Miles, Lawrence Snelly

Art: Stuart P. Beel, Tony Diterlizzi, Lee Fields, Dave
Fooden, Mark Jackson, Brian LeBlanc, Andrew Kudelka,
Heather McKinney, Adam Rex, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook,
Drew Tucker

Front Cover Art: Andrew Kudelka

Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

Border Art: Henry Higgenbotham

Layout and Typesetting: Matt Milberger

1996.©-by White Wolf. All rights=reserved.
Reproduction without written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly denied, except for the purposes of
reviews. Changeling: The Dreaming, Mage the As-
cension, Werewolf: Teh Apocalypse, Wraith: The
Oblivion, Vampire: The Masquerade and The
Changeling Players Guide are all trademarks and
copyrights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned.

The Changeling Diayers Guide

Many of your have noticed that there was a bit of a
printing error in The Autumn People — the text for
Webcraft was incomplete and several sidebars were
dropped. I've done my best to send out the missing text to
any who have requested it, but I'm sure I haven't reached
everyone. Allow me to direct you to the Autumn People
errata in the appendix of this book. If you know of anyone
who would like to obtain the missing text who is not
planning to purchase this book, they may write me and I
will get it to them as soon as possible.

I can be reach me via email at: Pookalan@aol.com

Or send a SASE along with your request to:

Changeling Developer

clo White Wolf

Suite 100

780 Park North Blvd.

Clarkston, GA 30021

We would like to apologize to all of our fans, and we
will make every effort to avoid such mistakes in the future.

lan Lemke
Changeling Developer

CUord From
CUhice Wolf Game Scudio

Wewould likesto give.afondefarewell to Jennifer
Hartshorn who has»been forced to=leave the pack. She
brought much Glamour to our liveswhile she was here and
she will be sorely missed. We all wish you the best Jennifer!



a

¥

is

By Jim QDoore

His name was Mumpoker Uruisig Gruaghan, but most
everyone called him Mug. While some among the Kithain
might take such a name as an insult, Mug was a redcap, and
very little actually bothered him. Mug lived among the Seelie
since the first day of his Chrysalis. Despite the deservedly bad
reputation of redcaps everywhere, Mug was accepted at court,
as he'd proven himself loyal on a number of occasions. In size
and stature, he was almost as large as a troll, and his prowess
in battle was practically legendary. He had friends aplenty
and stories he could tell around the fires of winter to keep the
darkness at bay. Just the same, Mug was lonely.

As happens with all people, Kithain and kin alike, Mug fell
victim to the greatest danger any person can endure: Mug fell
in love. While often a wonderful thing, love unrequited can
only bring about a great deal of sorrow. Such was Mug's plight.

Now, contrary to most of the rumors revolving around
the redcaps, they too have feelings, just as deep and passion-
ate as felt by any other changelings. It is ever so easy to ignore
this small wisdom, as the redcaps are notorious for hiding
their feelings behind oversized, eager grins or equally eager
snarls. If asked, most would deny that they ever felt anything
even close to sadness or fear, and to prove their point they
would gladly sink their teeth into the person who was foolish
enough to inquire. Mug was no exception. In the redcap's
eyes, his greatest sin and his dirtiest secret was simply that he
was shy. He hid his secret as best he could, but some of the

®
SS

other redcaps felt something must be wrong with him, as he
remained among the Seelie.

Oh, he could break a back orstomp an enemy intoa bloody
pulp with the best of his lot, and even the trolls had to admit that
he had courage in abundance, but ask him to speak toa beautiful
woman and he was hopelessly lost. For that reason, many of the
Kithain simply assumed he had no interest in love or relation-
ships, and left the matter alone. After all, who in their right
mind asks a redcap his personal business?

Mug, being a redcap as well as a hopeless romantic, had
little choice about the woman he decided to fall in love with, but
could have done far worse. She was a pooka, and her name was
Megan Dunlogue. Megan was a lovely woman, with dark red
hair and an athletic figure. She was also a cheerleader in college,
and very popular with the men around her. Even on the worst
days, Mug had only to look at Megan and his mood changed. She
brought out the very best in him, and had a knack for making
him forget his worries. In all the time he'd known her, she never
once called him a name — not that anyone ever dared it to his
face — and she'd never been anything other than happy to see
him. Hersmile could ignite the sun ona stormy day, and her eyes
were a fathomless green. Mug knew her from several adventures
they had shared, and found her endless lighthearted jokes and
even her boldfaced lies a perpetual source of joy. Also, he liked
her freckles and her fluffy squirrel's tail.


Sadly, Megan saw Mug only asa friend, even going so far
as to tell him her woes when the man she loved refused to
notice that she existed; they'd known each other long before
either of them knew they were changelings, and in all that
time he'd never said how he felt. Perhaps he could have, if he
hadn't been so shy. Part of Mug was always secretly happy
when her latest love interest failed to return her feelings, but
another part wanted to sink his teeth into the throat of any
the man who broke Megan's heart. Being new to matters of
the heart, Mug found the entire situation very confusing.

And s0, after trying his best to solve the puzzle of Megan
on his own and failing miserably, Mug decided to seek the
advice of other Kithain. He knew several who never seemed
to have problems showing their own emotions. They were, in
his eyes, the best to speak with regarding his dilemma. This
was no easy task for Mug. While he'd never backed down from
a fight, no matter what the odds, he now had to reveal a side
of himself that he preferred to leave in the dark: — his
sensitive side. Just thinking about exposing his hidden feel-
ings was enough to make him queasy.

After much thought on the matter he decided to visit his
friend Justin, the satyr. To hear Justin boast, he had wooed a
thousand women. Mug doubted the number was that high,
but easily conceded at least a hundred. The hardest part of
speaking with the satyr was finding Justin alone, as Mug
simply couldn't bring himself to confess his feelings with an
audience present. He finally settled on catching Justin at
home, before the satyr could go out for another evening of
wine, women and song at the local pub.

Justin was not amused by Mug's visit. In the satyr's eyes,
any visit before three p.m. was too early, and Mug chose the
early morning to make his house call. Just the same, Mug was
a friend, and Justin let him into his house. Upon hearing the
tale of Mug's woe, Justin managed to ignore his hangover and
put on some coffee.

After serious discussion — and several scary moments
when Justin thought he'd laugh out loud at the image of Mug
and Megan together in a romantic way — Justin gave his
advice. "Mug, if you truly love Megan, you must tell her
straight away. Never you mind being shy about it, you must
tell her how you feel and prove to her your undying love."

"How can I prove my love, Justin?" he asked, puzzled
deeply by the notion. "I've never done anything like this
before."

"A dozen red roses and an extra-large box of chocolates
always works wonders." Before Mug could utter another
word, Justin was ushering him out the front door, insisting
that Mug follow his advice immediately. Mug suspected that
the satyr just wanted sleep, but left anyway.

Mug bought chocolates and a dozen roses, but before he
could deliver them, he ran into another old friend, Mortimer,
asluagh who seemed to see everything and almost never told
of what he saw unless he was asked.

oe

X >
= - -


"You must be in love, Mug," the shadowy figure whis-
pered. "Who'sss the lucky girl?" Mug couldn't quite tell if he
heard sarcasm in his friend's voice, so he decided to ignore the
slight. Maybe at another time he'd have pounded Mortimer
forthe comment, but right then he was is a hurry to meet with
his destiny.

"If you must know, I'm off to tell Megan my true feelings
for her." Mug began to walk away, but changed his mind
when he remembered how well the sluagh seemed to know
everyone. "Hey, Morty?"

The sluagh moved closer, his dark eyes glittering moistly.
"Yesss? Is there sssome way I can help you on your quest?"

"Yeah, I just wanted to know if you think this is the best
way to handle telling a girl that you love her."

Mortimer was silent for a while, then a slow smile spread
across his gaunt face, and he shook his head. "No, Mug, I do
not think thisss is wise." Before Mug could ask why, his friend
slithered closer still. "Megan is very sssensitive about her
weight, as well you know, and if she eats those chocolatesss
she's sure to gain ten poundsss. Alssso, she's allergic to rosesss.
Perhapsss you should try another way."

Dejected, Mug dropped the roses and candy into a
nearby trashcan and continued slowly on his way. He waved
a thanks to Mortimer as he left, but never noticed the sluagh
snatch what he'd dropped into the trash. After Mug was gone
and well out of earshot, Mortimer allowed himself to laugh.
His beloved Allison would so love the candy and flowers, and
the price was definitely right.

Out of ideas once again, Mug moved on to another old
friend, anocker who knew more about romance than anyone
else he knew, except for Justin. Magda had been engaged
seven times and married three times. Ifshe couldn't help him,
no one could. When he knocked on the door of Magda's
house, she yelled at him for disturbing her while she was
working, and then invited him into her shop. Magda always
yelled at him. She wasn't happy if she wasn't yelling, and Mug
accepted her high-pitched screams with good grace. After
she'd finished screaming at Mug and pointing to the flawless
gold rose embellishment she claimed he'd ruined by disturb-
ing her, Mug told her of his woes. Once again, a friend came
through for him.

"First off, I'm not an expert. If] were, I'd still be married.
Secondly, what you need to do is shower her with gifts,"
Magda declared between hammer-taps. At present she was
making a very delicate and lovely windchime with a rose
motif. "Give her gold and diamonds as proof of your love, and

proof that you can support her as the years go by."

"But | have no extra money!" Mug cried, frustrated
again. "How can I buy these things if | have no money?"

"Listen, Mug, I deal in facts, not the complications that
facts bring about. If you want to win her love, give her gold
and gems. That's how every last husband won my heart."

"So why aren't you married anymore, Magda?"


Just as Mug forgave Magda her screaming fits, she for-
gave him his lack of tact. He was, after all, a redcap. "Because
they all turned out to be cheapskates! Every last one of the no-
good losers ran out of money and could no longer afford to
lavish me in the ways to which I'd become accustomed! Now
get the hell out of here! Can't you see I'm busy?"

Mug thanked Magda for her hospitality and went on his
way, desperate to finda good source of income. After carefully
adding up the total monthly sum of profits from his bodyguard
business and his daycare center, he decided to consult some-
one who knew a thing or two about money. Lady Amelia was
his first choice, as the sidhe noble had more money than
anyone he'd ever met.

Lady Amelia was always busy. If she wasn't working out
the details of her next big social, she was keeping track of who
was visiting at court and seeing to their needs. Just the same,
she made time for Mug because he'd saved her life on several
occasions and never asked for any compensation beyond his
normal fee as a protector. He'd even given her discounts
during the months when she needed no protecting.

Over a snack of watercress sandwiches and elderberry
wine, he explained his dilemma. The lady was very attentive,
but in the end she was really not very much help. She
suggested that he ask the same question of Sven, the troll of
Waterbrook Bridge. Mug thanked her for her efforts, and gave
her the next month's protection free of charge. Amelia
graciously accepted, already fretting over the cost of the
antique plates Mug consumed when he'd finished with the
sandwiches. She also made a mental note to serve with paper
plates when next she fed a redcap.

As big as Mug was, Sven was bigger. Sven was the only
Kithain whom Mug ever knew who stood a full head and
shoulders above his own seven feet. After wading through the
cold waters of the river's edge, Mug knocked on the door in the
base of Waterbrook Bridge and waited politely until Sven
answered. When Sven finally opened the door, he gave Mug
the customary left-hook to the jaw, and the fighting began in
earnest. Since Mug was the one who wanted answers, he let
Sven beat him after only a few dozen punches were exchanged.
Sven was convinced that the best way to stay combat-ready was
to attack redcaps on sight, even those he called his friends. As
always, Mug accepted his friend's eccentricity as well as he
could. After the battle, Sven prepared cold venison sandwiches
for the both of them — remembering to serve on paper plates
this time, after the loss of his good stoneware when last Mug
visited — and Mug told his tale of woe again.

"When it comes to getting gold, you must go on an
adventure," the troll explained. "That, or get a job working
as a lawyer, which we both know is a horrible-fate. Whenvit
comes to adventures, you'd do besttospeak with Mailanka
the eshu, for certainly he has gone off on many a quest. But
I don't think you need seek gold and gems to win fair Megan's
heart, old friend. You must only swear undying loyalty and
promise to protect her from all that would cause her harm.

The Changeling Diayers Guide

Look at my own wife, Brynhild, if you doubt me. She agreed
to wed me when I was only a rookie cop and a newcomer to
the court guard."

"Um, didn't she get you the job at the court, so you could
work together?"

"Well, yes," Sven admitted, as he looked at the picture
of Brynhild that rested above the mantle of the fireplace. "As
a matter of fact, she did. But that's not my point. My point is
that she loved me despite my lack of money, and she loves me
still." Mug suspected Brynhild simply hadn't wanted to marry
aman shorter than her, and chose Sven for that reason alone,
but wisely chose not to mention the fact. His ribs were still
aching from the troll's earlier abuses.

"Thanks for your help, Sven. I'll give that some thought."

"You're welcome, Mug. Listen, do you think you could
drop by again tomorrow? I'm getting a little rusty when it
comes to using my axe."

"Sure thing." And with that, Mug went on his way to
find Mailanka.

Finding Mailanka proved far more difficult than Mug
initially expected. There were two reasons for his troubles:
first, Mailanka was already off on a quest. Second, the Kithain
who knew Mailanka best were all certain that Mug meant to
do the eshu harm, because of the unfortunate incident that
occurred when Mailanka mistook Mug for an ogre. (That is
astory in and of itself, and will have to wait for another time.
For now, we must deal with Mug's love life.) It took some
convincing and a few rattled teeth, but Mug finally managed
to pry the eshu's destination from another good friend — one
who understood that Mug had long forgiven the broken
spearhead lodged in his posterior during what most now
referred to as "Mailanka's Folly."

In this case the friend was none other than the master
chef and boggan known throughout the realm as Walter.
Walter always enjoyed having Mug over, as Mug would eat
anything put in front of him without complaint. The mystery
of how to make a perfect soufflé still escaped Walter's numer-
ous attempts, and hating to waste anything, Walter kept the
ruined soufflés ina large refrigerator until Mug could come by.
He gave detailed instructions on exactly where Mailanka was
going as Mug finished off the third bucket of wasted chocolate
and egg whites. When he asked Mug why it was so important
to find the eshu, Mug told him everything.

"Mug, my friend, love is not found in chocolate or gems.
It simply is," the boggan explained. "You cannot buy love
anymore than you can purchase respect. Both must be earned.
You have already shown that you deserve respect; perhaps
Megan will accept you for who you are."

Mug contemplated the boggan's words as he finished the
last pail of soufflé-disasters, all of which tasted wonderful,
even if they had nottisen as high as Waltér hoped they would.
"Megan is a wonderful woman, Walter. But I don't think she
even knows | exist, except when another of her men fails to
be as perfect as she hopes."


"Then the question you should ask is, what are the ideals
she has established for herself."

"She likes her men handsome, wealthy, athletic and
friendly. Also, they have to love her. Somehow, none of them
ever quite makes the grade."

"That isa dilemma, Mug. Perhaps she simply fails to look
in the right places."

"Well, if | have my way, she won't have to look anymore.
She'll have me." Mug thanked Walter for the advice and the
snack, and went off to search for Mailanka in the Elder Woods.

Mug searched the dark forest for two days — pausing
only to call Sven and apologize for not being able to join him
in the axe practice — before he found the eshu. Mailanka was
camped near a small stream in the Elder Woods, feasting on
afish he'd caught not an hour earlier. The smile on his broad
face when he saw Mug was warm and friendly, if just slightly

wary. He had, after all, once impaled Mug's posterior with a
very sharp spear. He offered Mug his hospitality, and the
redcap accepted, seating himself across the fire from the eshu
and asking for help.

After listening to Mug's tale of woe, the eshu nodded
enthusiastically and agreed to help him. "You are in luck,
Mumpoker. J am on a quest to find a dragon who has caused
no end of grief for the people of Northern Applegate. They
fear him greatly, for the chimera has stolen several cows and
even made off with the lord's favorite hound. The risks are
great, my friend, but they should prove worth it for the
treasure you will earn."

Mug was happy, for at last he saw an end to his quest. "I
cannot thank you enough, Mailanka. This is a wonderful day
indeed. Now I can amass a treasure and bring it to Megan to
prove my love." Then he thought about just what the eshu had
said, and felt a few butterflies hatch in his stomach and begin
tickling him from the inside. "Did you say this is a dragon?"

"Yes! That is why you are so lucky! Dragons have the
very finest treasures, and the reward you receive for slaying
the beast should be more than sufficient for your needs."

Mug nodded, listening to the details of how best to slay
adragon, and then bidding Mailanka pleasant dreams as the
eshu prepared to sleep for the night. Mug did not sleep. He
kept thinking of the dragon he'd soon be fighting, and
wondered if love was always so fearful a proposition.

When the morning came, Mug prepared as best he could
for the fight he knew would come. Mailanka explained that
the great beast lived only a few miles away, in a deep cavern
near the edge of the woods. The cavern lead deep into Mount
Shasta, which the Kithain of Caer Redwood called Balor's
Heart. There, in the deepest pits of the slumbering volcano,
the dragon stoked his fires until they could ignite anyone and

melt almost anything.

Not all that long ago, the changelings in the area could
have ignored a dragon resting in the heart of a volcano. Their
neighbors to the north taught them different when Mount St.

HS
LUZ

&

Helens' dragon came out after being overlooked for too long.
Well, live and learn, as the old saying goes. This time they'd
get it right.

The Baron of Caer Redwood offered a princely sum for
the taming or killing of the chimera, and Mailanka planned
to earn that money. But, seeing as he owed Mug for a few
weeks of snickers and laughter whenever the redcap left a
room, he felt he could share in the glory and the wealth as
well. Still, he also felt Mug was unprepared to tackle the beast
alone, and intended to help.

The redcap was justifiably worried about his chances.
Still, he'd never run from a fight in his life, and Mug found the
idea of facing even a dragon far easier than the idea of telling
Megan his true feelings.

After an hour or so spent hiking up the side of the
mountain, Mug and Mailanka came upon the dwelling of the
great dragon. Long before they actually saw the cave, they
could smell the sulfurous stench of the beast in its lair. With
little more than a second's hesitation, Mug straightened his
shoulders and clutched the spear the eshu loaned him.
Mailanka wished him luck and lagged behind, as redcaps
make wonderful shields. Unfortunately, a rock slid out from
under Mug's enormous boot, bounced down the hill and
struck the eshu in the temple, knocking him unconscious.
Being the impatient sort, Mug made sure the eshu was not
seriously injured, and then set his friend against the entrance
of the cave, next toa few names that were carved into the wall
of the mountain. He wondered briefly if one of the names
might belong to the dragon, and then decided to get back to
the work at hand.

The entrance to the dragon's lair was filled with the
stench of brimstone and other, darker, things. Mug was as
brave as any redcap, but he was not stupid. He did not like
having to enter the darkness. Also, he could smell water in
the cave, and suspected that he might have to swim through
astream or evena lake to find the monster. Having never seen
a dragon in person, Mug hoped they were smaller than he'd
heard. He thought again of Megan, and then he entered the
lair of the terrible beast.

He walked for a long time before he found the lake inside
the cave. Just as he'd feared, the waters ran from one side of the
cavern to the other. Great gouts of steam rose from the waters,
erupting in geysers that left the air heavy with moisture. There
was no way around it; he'd have to swim. Mug stepped into the
near-boiling waters and winced, but his hide was tough and
well-seasoned from past battles. He blistered a bit, but not
enough to stop him from crossing to the far shore. He was lucky,
too, because the waters never reached beyond his knees.

As Mug progressed through the steaming waters, he
noticed how the landscape changed. The jagged walls grew
smoother, as if they'd been carved or perhaps melted. There
were no uneven rocks or other items that he could use as
weapons if the spear Mailanka loaned him failed to work in
slaying the dragon.

Lairycale: The Shy Redcap 9


Finally, partially hidden behind a heavy stalagmite at the
back of the cave, Mug could see a large pile of gems and partially
melted gold. The bounty laid before him was enough to make
him drool. Pearls the size of his fists, and diamonds carved with
a hundred facets shimmered in the darkness of the cavern.
Goblets of silver inlaid with sapphires rested atop chests over-
flowing with rings and jewelry of every possible description.
Surely there was enough gold to shower Megan with her heart's
every desire for years to come. He eyed the treasure for several
moments before remembering that the mountain of wealth
belonged to the monster he was there to slay.

The ceiling here was much higher than in the tunnel. At
first Mug failed to spot the dragon, but noticed the beast's
reflection in the waters at his feet, as soon as it opened its
glowing eyes. He slowly craned his neck back until he could
see the shape that cast the reflection. Far above him, at the
very pinnacle of the cave's ceiling, the massive beast hung
from the stone canopy, much as a bat might hang from a tree
branch.

"Who dares enter my domain?" demanded the dragon,
blossoms of flame spiraling from its nostrils. A mouth as large
as a car opened in a feral snarl. The voice of the dream-
creature was as loud as thunder, shaking the walls of the cave
and dropping rocks the size of fists from the perch where it
hung. "Speak your name, that I might carve your epitaph
upon the entrance to my cave."

Despite the pounding of his heart, Mug returned the
snarl and bared his massive teeth as he growled his response.
"My name is Mumpoker Uruisig Gruaghan! I am here to slay
you, worm, that I might win the heart of my one true love!"

The laughter that poured past the dragon's lips sent a
wave of rage through Mug's heart. "You would slay me?" The
great beast shook with merriment, amused by the redcap's
words. "Surely you know you will die!"

It seemed that even his natural talent for inspiring terror
had no effect on the monster. Mug was not overly surprised;
he'd fought many a chimera and heard tales of a dragon or two,
but none of them came close to the size of the thing hanging
above him. "I cannot live another day without my Megan. If]
cannot win her love, I have no reason to live." He hefted the
spear and took careful aim.

"Be damned, you oversized lamb. I'll feast on your beating
heart!" With these words, Mug hurled the weapon as hard as he
could, watching with satisfaction as it climbed toward the
ceiling of the cavern.

The great beast hissed a tongue of flame, and seared the
spear into ash before it could reach him. The heat from the
blast was enough to singe Mug's hair and blister his scalp as
well. "Is that the best you can do, little meal? I thought any
creature with so long and prestigious a name might actually
be a worthy foe!"

Stung by the comment, Mug reached into his pockets
and drew forth his brass knuckles. The metal gleamed in the
light from the dragon's eyes, and the redcap grinned as he

10 The Changeling Diayers Guide

placed the weapons on each of his hands. "Get your flabby
arse down here, and we'll see who wins this dance!"

The dragon considered Mug's actions for a moment,
puzzled by the brave act of so tiny acreature. While Mug could
intimidate all but the bravest Kithain and even most chimera,
this particular monster remained unimpressed. Then, witha
mighty sigh, it dropped from the heights far above Mug and
plummeted toward him like a falling star. Mug tensed, wait-
ing for the exact moment to move, and then ducked as the
dragon turned and grabbed for him. The fore claws missed the
redcap. The hind claws did not.

Mug made one mistake when he considered his enemy:
he forgot that dragons are faster than they look. The redcap
really couldn't be blamed. For all of their bravado and
ferocity, redcaps aren't very bright, and Mug was just barely
an exception to the rule.

The massive talons of the old worm surrounded Mug's
body from his knees to his neck. The impact stunned him for
asecond, as the great beast launched itself to the entrance of
its lair and soared high into the cool night air. Mug never
suspected dragons could be so strong or so fast.

In a minute, they were high above the top of Balor's
Heart, rising higher still as the dragon leered down at Mug.
"Foolish changeling! You are scarcely big enough to eat, but
I will savor your taste as | chew you to bits!" As it spoke, the
dragon lowered its head to contemplate the best way to eat
the redcap. The hot, steaming cloud of sulfur that spilled past
the scaly mouth of the serpent was almost enough to make
Mug gag, but he held his breath and smiled back.

"You ain't got the guts to eat me, you wimp! I'm twice
the monster you are, and four times as fierce as you will ever
be!" Mug added sting to his words by lobbing a wad of spit in
the dragon's eye, and the beast blinked twice as it flew still
higher into the air. It squeezed once with its paw, and Mug
nearly blacked out as the air whooshed from his lungs.

The dragon looked at Mug with new respect, nodding
more to itself than to him. "You are a mean one, Mumpoker
Uruisig Gruaghan, but | am much larger than you. On your
best day, you are no match for even the weakest dragon." Mug
twisted his head as much as he could, hoping to see a sign of
Mailanka far below. All he got for his trouble was a pulled
muscle. "Oh, don't worry about your friend," said the dragon.
"T will kill him when I am done eating you."

With that, the monster parted its massive jaws and
tossed Mug into its toothy maw. The dragon of Balor's Heart
did not even chew on Mug before swallowing. Despite its
bravado, the beast feared that the taste of a redcap might be
as foul as the sight of one. For all anyone could say, it might
well have been right.

Mug tumbled past teeth the size of long swords, and
struggled for a purchase at the back of the fiend's immense
throat before falling into the depths of the dragon's belly. The
heat of the worm's innards was easily twice as fierce as that
within its lair. Mug found breathing almost impossible. He


spilled past the immense beating drum of the dragon's heart,

and finally fell into the furnace of its stomach. Even as his
clothes began to burn, Mug smiled victoriously.

Luckily for Mug, the dragon did not know one important
thing about its meal. Much like a redcap, the average dragon
is hardly considered the brightest of chimera — they are
smart, but often think themselves invincible. And so, it too
must be forgiven its folly. The great beast forgot that redcaps
can eat anything. Anything at all, so long as their mouths can
find purchase. Mug made good on his earlier threat, and after
chewing his way free of the monster's stomach, he feasted on
the dragon's beating heart.

Mailanka, far below on the ground, watched groggily as
the great dragon first shuddered and then spasmed. Mug and
the dragon both plummeted back to the earth, landing with
enough force to shatter stone and demolish trees.

When next Mug could move or think, a week had passed
and he was resting in a large bed at Lady Amelia's keep. He was
sore all over, and much of his body was burned, bruised or broken.
Several changelings surrounded him, all with worried looks upon
their faces. He recognized Mailanka, Mortimer, Justin, Sven,
Walter, Lady Amelia and even Magda. Among them wasalso his
Megan, whom he loved with all his being. Upon seeing her face,
he smiled and drifted back into a deep sleep.

When he opened his eyes a second time, Megan alone
was in the room with him. The night was full upon the world,

and he studied her face by the light of the single lantern near
his bed. She looked tired, and her hair was a mess. She had
angry red streaks running from her eyes down her face, and
Mug realized she'd been crying. She had never looked lovelier
in his eyes. Looking at Megan, he did not hurt nearly as much
as he had, and he counted himself lucky to be alive.

Perhaps he spoke aloud, perhaps she simply knew what
he was thinking. Either way, Megan responded, "You're only
alive because Mailanka cut you from the inside of that beast.
He's made you the talk of the realm, as well. The impact when
you hit was enough to make half of California think they'd
had another earthquake." Her tone was scolding, and Mug
looked away, upset that he'd made Megan angry.

Ata loss for anything to say, he finally managed the only
words he could think of at that moment: "Hi, Megan."

Megan's response was not as cordial. She yelled at him
and called him names, she struck him on the parts of his body
that were not wrapped in bandages, and she told him he was
a fool. She yelled at him about his silly, stupid quest, and
explained in no uncertain terms that he could have simply
asked her for a date, since she'd been hoping he would for a
very long time.

Though it took him some time to heal from his wounds,
and longer still for him to gather the courage, he did indeed ask
Megan for a date. She agreed, and after a long while Mug got
over being so shy. In the end, they all lived happily ever after.



The information in this book is focused on helping you
create more complete changeling characters. Sections, such
as the chapters dealing with the Nunnehi or the Saining, can
open up whole new ways of playing, and suggest chronicles or
subplots to your existing game.

But the most important thing to remember is that the
guidelines and suggestions in this book are just that — not
gospel. Faerie tales evolved from a largely oral tradition, and
like the stories that came before, you should always feel that
your version of the faerie tale can become anything you want
it to be. This players guide will hopefully provide you with
some new ideas and spur you on to create stories that are
uniquely your own.

Chapter One: Traits contains new Merits, Flaws and
Abilities to help personalize your character.

Chapter Two: The Kith offers expanded outlooks for
each of the nine kith.

Chapter Three: The Nunnehi enters the world of the
Native American fae, the Nunnehi. This chapter provides
full details on the history of these mysterious fae as well as
complete rules for creating Nunnehi characters.

Chapter Four: The Ways of Glamour presents new
"cardless" rules for casting cantrips as well as a discussion on
True Names and the Saining.

Chapter Five: The Arts provides fresh insights into the
workings of the Arts as well as providing rules for a few new ones.

Chapter Six: Roleplaying offers ideas, suggestions and points
of view from players, Storytellers and writers of Changeling.

Seccing the Scene

While every chronicle will have a different feel to it, the
following are a few books and films that can serve as useful
"homework" forany Changeling game. Players should have as
mucha voice in shaping the look and feel of a chronicle as the
Storyteller, so don't hesitate to suggest ways to make the game
more fun for everyone involved!

Recommended Films

Labyrinth — A teenage girl must traverse the maze of
the Goblin King to find her baby brother, stolen by the
Goblin King (played by David Bowie). The classic elements
of Changeling as envisioned by the late Jim Henson and
Brian Froud with beautiful results.

Neverending Story — A young boy discovers a book describ-
ing the dying of a mystic world and the adventures of its equally
young savior, which seem unusually parallel to his own life.

Willow — A classic quest story of sorcery, warriors and
good versus evil in a Celtic myth-based world.

The Dark Crystal — The first collaboration between
Jim Henson and Brian Froud, resulting in magnificent visuals
and an atmosphere completely alien to Earth.

Hook — Not so much about fae as it is about growing up
and childhood imagination. Captain Hook sails out of the
past for revenge on a Banality-ridden grown-up Peter Pan,
and Peter has to rediscover his imagination (and himself) to
save his children.

Introduction


14

The Changeling Diayers Guide

Legend — Tom Cruise's acting aside, this rich offering
from Ridley Scott describes a world that might be our own, in
which the magic is vanishing through evil intent or human
carelessness, and the forces of good must rally to save it. Yes,
that really is Tim Curry under the giant horns.

The Secret of Roan Inish — A foreign film of the
people who still believe in the fae and the old ways on the
rocky coast of Ireland. Selkies, take note!

Novels and Comics

Bull, Emma — War for the Oaks. A mix of the gritty
World of Darkness streets with fantasy elements for a marvel-
ous good read.

Carroll, Lewis — Alice in Wonderland and Through
the Looking Glass. Classics. If you didn't read them during
your childhood, it's never too late to start!

Cooper, Susan — The Dark is Rising series. The classic
Celtic myth-based series. Another childhood favorite that
deserves to be rediscovered.

Froud, Brian and Alan Lee

faerie portraits and old folklore, drawn as a field guide. A

Faeries. A source of both

must.

Gaiman, Neil — Sandman and The Books of Magic.
Fantasy, both dark and light, at its best, interwoven into the
mythos of the world. Several issues of both lines feature the
world of the fae.

Lackey, Mercedes — Knights of Ghosts and Shadows
and Summoned to Tourney. Two wild, fun tales of medieval
recreation, pagan rock bands, and Bay Area fae. Not classics,
but still fun.

Lewis, C.S. — Narnia Chronicles. Read this stuff. If
you have to ask why, you probably haven't.

de Lint, Charles — Jack the Giant-Killer. The Unseelie
are rampaging in Canada, the power of the Seelie is waning,
and a young woman named Jackie must step into the role of
the foretold hero. A rollicking retelling of the old folk tale for
the Adult Fairy Tale Series edited by Terri Windling and
Eileen Datlow.

de Lint, Charles — Greenmantle. A powerful tale of
ancient mysteries in the modern Canadian woods.

Lovecraft, H.P. — The Dreamquest of Unknown
Kadath. Lovecraft wasn't all doom and gloom. This series of
stories takes you through realms literally created from the
stuff of dreams, from the mystic cats of Ulthar to the strange
night-creatures that haunt the chasms.

C)Dusic

Many of these albums can be found in any good music
store, although their unusual styles sometimes make them
hard to classify. Some may be found in the Pop/Rock section,
some under New Age.

© Loreena McKennitt — A mix of Celtic-Goth with a
sweet voice and beautiful harp. Her renditions of literary
pieces like Yeats' " The Stolen Child" and Tennyson's "The
Lady of Shalott" have made her reputation.

¢ Enya — An obvious choice, with her lush vocals and
a marvelous range of evocative music that has graced
soundtracks and her own four albums

¢ Silly Wizard — A traditional Celtic folk band, best
known for the song "Queen of Argyll."

® Boiled in Lead — A lunatic mainstay of the folk/rock
movement with the music to back their reputation, including
The Gypsy collaboration with fantasy author Steven Brust.

@ Dead Can Dance — Their range spans traditional folk,
ethnic, historic and everything in between. A soundtrack for
any World of Darkness story.

¢ Wolfstone — A good mix of traditional and hard rock.

@ Oysterband — One of the leading bands in the English
folk/punk movement with strong mystical underpinnings to
their music. Not for the easily offended or politically conser-
vative.

¢ Levellers — An energetic new band picking up where
the classics left off, then going beyond. What Oysterband
might sound like if they were sober.

¢ The Pogues — The quintessential Celtic/punk band.
Hard on the ears, but lots of fun.

¢ Ceolbeg — More traditional/rock stuff, comprised of
some of the movers and shakers of the Celtic folk scene.

* October Project — Thoughtful lyrics, powerful vocals,
and a wide range of styles.

¢ Kate Bush — With dreamlike styles, ethereal vocals
and surreal arrangements. Never For Ever is especially appro-
priate.

¢ Steeleye Span — With their emphasis on modern
arrangements of traditional songs, this innovative band led
the pack in the early folk/rock movement.

¢ Fairport Convention — Like Steeleye Span, Fairport
combined traditional songs like "Maddy Groves" and "Tam
Lin" with imaginative, contemporary music. Sandy Denny's

voice alone is worth the price of their classic Leige and Leaf.

¢ Tannahill Weavers — One of the longest-running
traditional Scottish folk bands. They also go through pipers
like Spinal Tap went through drummers.

¢ Capercaille — They did the soundtrack to Rob Roy.

¢ Many movie soundtracks are appropriate, even if they
didn't come from a fantasy film. They're meant to create an
atmosphere without being intrusive, and do it well. Listen
through your collection, and you may come up with some
surprising finds.

SE iy



This chapter contains Traits for Changeling characters:
new Abilities and Backgrounds, new Legacies, as well as a
new Trait category, Merits and Flaws. These Traits may be
used to build new characters or to spice up existing ones, with
the Storyteller's approval.

The usual rules for character creation still apply in regard
to these offerings. Many of these Merits, Flaws and Abilities
originated in Werewolf or Vampire, but have been reworked
to apply to changelings. Storytellers and players should feel
free to allow or disallow any of these Traits in their games.

CDerics and [laws

Merits and Flaws are new character Traits that add spice
to your Changeling chronicle. Merits provide characters with
some benefit, while Flaws act to their detriment. Some of
these Traits will have little effect on a game beyond a dash of
style; others could unbalance a chronicle or completely
change its direction. Powerful Merits or Flaws will shape a
character's destiny and any relationships she has.

When you create a character in Changeling, you are given
15 "freebie" points to assign to whatever Traits you like in order
to give your character the finishing touches that make her
unique. The optional system of Merits and Flaws expands on
this idea and further allows you to personalize your character.

Merits may be purchased only with freebie points and
only during character conception. Flaws provide additional
freebies to spend, again, only during initial conception. A
maximum of seven points of Flaws may be taken, limiting
potential freebie points to a total of 22. Some Merits and
Flaws have variable point costs; these Traits offer more
options for character creation.

Merits and Flaws are provided to flesh out a character and
add new story hooks and details, not to allow power-gamers to
mini-max their characters into war machines. Players should
make sure that the Storyteller allows these options in the chronicle
before creating characters based around these options. Each
chronicle is individual and unique, so there is no telling what
restrictions or changes the Storyteller has in mind. There is no
right or wrong way, only ways that work for everyone concerned.

Dsychological

These Merits and Flaws deal with the psychological
makeup of your character, and may describe ideals, motiva-
tions or pathologies. Some psychological Flaws can be
temporarily ignored by spending a Willpower point, and are
so noted. If you possess such a Flaw and do not roleplay it
when the Storyteller thinks you should, then she may tell you
that you have spent a point of Willpower for the effort. Flaws
cannot be conveniently ignored.

Chapzer One: The Kichain Traics


Code of Nonor: (I point Deri)

You have a personal code of ethics to which you strictly
adhere. You can automatically resist most temptations that
would bring you in conflict with your code. When battling
supernatural persuasion (Mind magick, vampiric Dominate
or Chicanery) that would make you violate your code, you
either gain three extra dice to resist or your opponent's
difficulties are increased by two (Storyteller's choice). You
must construct your own personal code of honor in as much
detail as you can, outlining the general rules of conduct by
which you abide.

PigherDurpose: (1 pome CDeric)

All changelings have some vision of their Path, but you
have aspecial commitment to yours. Your chosen goal drives and
directs you in everything. You do not concern yourself with petty
matters and casual concerns because your higher purpose is
everything. Though you may sometimes be driven by this
purpose and find yourself forced to behave in ways contrary to the
needs of personal survival, it can also grant you great personal
strength. You gain two extra dice on any roll that has something
to do with this higher purpose. Decide what your higher purpose
is, and make sure you discuss it with the Storyteller. You may not
take this Merit if you have the Flaw Driving Goal.

Addiction: (l-3 pom Flaw)

You are addicted to any one ofa variety of things. A one-
point Flaw would indicate a mild addiction to an easily
obtained substance, such as caffeine, nicotine or alcohol. A
two-point Flaw would indicate either a severe addiction to
any easily obtained substance, or any "mild" drug, such as
painkillers, sleeping pills or marijuana. A three-point Addic-
tion might involve heavy street drugs or hard-to-find drugs.
The need for these drugs varies from once a day for some to
two to three times a day for others, depending on the strength
of the drug and the addiction. If, for whatever reason, you are
denied access to the drug, you lose a number of dice in all rolls
equal to the level of your addiction (one, two or three) until
you get your "fix." If you are deprived of the drug for an
extended length of time, you will be forced to make a
Willpower check (difficulty of 4 for the first day, + 1 for each
additional day). If you fail, you will forgo everything and
actively seek the drug. This would be an easy way for you to
be either controlled or forced to do favors for your supplier,
especially if the drug is hard to obtain due to its rarity or price.

Compulsion: (I pone Flaw)

You havea psychological compulsion of some sort which
can cause you a number of different problems. Your compul-
sion may be for cleanliness, perfection, bragging, stealing,
gaming, exaggeration or just talking. A compulsion can be
temporarily suppressed at the cost of a Willpower point, but
it is in effect at all other times.

The Changeling Diayers Guide

Oark Secrec: (I poinc Flaw)

You have some sort of secret that, if uncovered, would be
of immense embarrassment to you and would make you a
pariah among your peers. This can be anything from having
murdered a noble to secretly being a member of the Shadow
Court. While this secret weighs on your mind at all times, it
will only surface in occasional stories. Otherwise, it will begin
to lose its impact.

Incolerance: (I pom Flaw)

You have an unreasoning dislike of a certain thing. This
may be an animal, a class of person, a color, a situation or just
about anything else. The difficulties of all dice rolls involving
the subject are increased by two. Note that some dislikes may
be too trivial to be reflected here — a dislike of left-handed
Lithuanian plumbers or tissue paper, for instance, will have
little effect on play in most chronicles. The Storyteller is the
final arbiter on what you can pick to dislike.

Nightmares: (I poinc Flaw)

You experience horrendous nightmares every time you
sleep, and memories of them haunt you during your waking
hours. Sometimes the nightmares are so bad they cause you to
lose one die on all your actions for the next day (Storyteller's
discretion). Some of the nightmares may be so intense that
you mistake them for reality. A crafty Storyteller will be quick
to take advantage of this.

Overconfidenc: (I poinc Flaw)

You have an exaggerated and unshakable opinion of
your own worth and capabilities. You never hesitate to trust
your abilities, even in situations in which you risk defeat.
Because your abilities may not be enough, such overconfi-
dence can be very dangerous. When you do fail, you quickly
find someone or something else to blame. If you are convinc-
ing enough, you can infect others with your overconfidence.

Dhodia(CDild): (I pone Flaw)

You have an overpowering fear of something. You in-
stinctively and illogically retreat from and avoid the object of
your fear. Common objects of phobias include insects, crowds,
open spaces, confined spaces, heights and certain animals.
You must make a Willpower roll whenever you encounter the
object of your fear. The difficulty of this roll is determined by
the Storyteller. If you fail the roll, you must retreat from the
object.

Shu; (1 pomnc Flaw)

You are distinctly ill at ease when dealing with people
and try to avoid social situations whenever possible. The
difficulties of all rolls concerned with social interactions are
increased by one; the difficulties of any rolls made while you


are the center of attention are increased by two. Don't expect
your character to make a public speech.

Speech Impedimenc: {I pom Flaw)

You have a stammer or some other speech impediment
that hampers verbal communication. The difficulties of all
relevant rolls are increased by two. Do not feel obliged to
roleplay this impediment all the time, but in times of stress, or
when dealing with outsiders, you should attempt to simulate it.
Sluagh may not purchase this Flaw in respect to their Frailty.

Curiosicy: (2 pone Flaw)

You are a naturally curious person, and find mysteries of
any sort irresistible. In most circumstances, you find that your
curiosity easily overrides your common sense. To resist the
temptation to investigate, make a Wits roll (difficulty 5) in
cases of mild curiosity; "I wonder what is in that cabinet."
Increase the difficulty up to 9 under more pressing circum-
stances; "] wonder what those strange sounds coming from
the Unseelie duke's freehold are. I'll just slip in and check it
out—no one will ever know. What could possibly go wrong?"

Oosession: (2 poinc Flaw)

There is something you like, love or are fascinated by to
the point where you often disregard common sense to cater to
the drive. You react positively to anything related to your
obsession, even if it's not in your best interests. For example, if
you are obsessed with supernatural creatures, you will go out of
your way to talk to and befriend vampires, werewolves and
stranger things, and find out as much as you can about them,
disregarding all warnings. If you are obsessed with Elvis, you
have your house decorated with black velvet paintings and
annoy your friends with your constant talk of the King. You
don't necessarily believe that Elvis is still alive, but you buy
every supermarket tabloid that carries an article about him.
There are many other obsessions, including British royalty,
guns, football, roleplaying games... you know the type.

Sadism/ CDasochism: (2 pone Paw)

You are excited either by causing pain or receiving it. In
many situations, you will seek either to be hurt or to hurt
someone for your pleasure. For a masochist (someone who
enjoys pain), your soak roll for actual physical damage is
increased by one because you really want to feel the pain. A
sadist (someone who likes to hurt others) must make a Will-
power roll (difficulty 5) to stop combat (modified depending on
how much you are into the attack and how much you enjoy
hurting the other person). If you fail, you are so caught up in the
event that you are unaware of anything else happening around

you.

yarn)


Vengeance: (2 pone Haw)

You have a score to settle — a freehold was wiped out,
a friend was corrupted, a parent was slain; you are obsessed
with wreaking vengeance on the guilty party. Revenge is your
first priority in all situations. The need for vengeance can
only be overcome by spending a Willpower point, and even
then, it only temporarily subsides. Someday you may have
your revenge, but the Storyteller won't make it easy.

(Uyld ODind: (2 pom Flaw)

Your mind is extremely chaotic and unpredictable. Asa
result you have difficulty concentrating on any one task. You
must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 4) for every extended
action roll after the second.

ashodacks: (3 pon Law)

You are prone to flashbacks if you are in high-pressure
situations or situations similar to previous events in your life.
Flashbacks can be caused by almost any trauma — torture,
extended combat or repeated drug experimentation. Either
positive or negative stimulation could result in an episode.
Emotional anxiety and stress are the usual catalysts for
flashbacks to begin. Returning toa good and happy vision can
be just as dangerous or distracting as suddenly being sur-
rounded by demonic hallucinations. During the flashback,
you are not aware of what is really around you. Even people
speaking to you will be viewed as people or objects from the
vision. You can mistake men for women, people for animals
and even inanimate objects for people. To you, reality has
shifted, and you are back there again.

Oriving Goal: (3 pom Flaw)

You have a personal goal which sometimes compels and
directs you in startling ways. The goal is always limitless in
depth, and you can never truly achieve it. It could be to
restore equality for commoners or to return to Arcadia.
Because you must work toward your goal throughout the
chronicle (though you can avoid it for short periods by
spending Willpower), it will get you into trouble and may
jeopardize other actions. Choose your driving goal carefully
as it will direct and focus everything your character does.

Nazred: (3 point flaw)

You have an unreasoning hatred of a certain thing. This
hatred is total and largely uncontrollable. You may hate a
species of animal, a class of person, a color, a situation or just
about anything else, and you constantly pursue opportunities
to harm the hated object or to gain power over it.

Lifesaver: (3 pom Flaw)

You believe that human life is a sacred gift and will not

take a person's life except in the most extreme of circum-


stances. You may not ever willingly endanger the lives of
innocents or in any way participate ina killing. You have no
problems with killing animals (for the right reasons), and will
kill evil and inhuman creatures to protect others if necessary.
(Be very careful, however, of your definition of "evil"....)
Senseless death in all forms repulses you, and you feel that
those who commit murder should be punished.

Dhodia (Severe): (3 pom Flaw)

You have an overpowering fear of something. Common
objects of fear include insects, crowds, open spaces, confined
spaces, heights and certain animals. You must make a Will-
power roll to avoid freaking out when faced with the object
of your fear. The difficulty depends on the circumstances. If
you fail the roll, you must retreat in terror from the object of
fear. If you score less than three successes, you will not
approach it. The Storyteller has final say over which phobias
are allowed in a chronicle.

(VDencal

These Merits and Flaws deal with the mind, its strengths,
weaknesses and special capacities. These Merits and Flaws
should be carefully considered before being taken because of
the degree of effect they may have both on the character and
the story.

Common Sense: (I pone CDeriz)

You have a significant amount of practical, everyday
wisdom. Whenever you are about to do something contrary
tocommon sense, the Storyteller should alert you to how your
potential action might violate practicality. This is an ideal
Merit if you are a novice player because it allows you to
receive advice from the Storyteller concerning what you can
and cannot do, and (even more importantly) what youshould
and should not do.

Concencracion: (fl pone CDeric)

You have the ability to focus your mind and shut out any
distractions or annoyances, above and beyond the norm. Any
penalty to a difficulty or Dice Pool arising from a distraction or
other inauspicious circumstance is limited to two dice, though
no extra benefits are gained if only one penalty die is imposed.

Lighcning Calculacor: (I! poinc
ERIT

You have a natural affinity with numbers and a talent for
mental arithmetic, making you a natural when working with
computers or betting at the track. The difficulties of all relevant
rolls are decreased by two. Another possible use for this ability,
assuming you have numbers on which to base your conclusions,
is the ability to calculate the difficultysof certain tasks. In

Tyan'
ARATRATRZ

appropriate situations, you may ask the Storyteller to estimate
the difficulty rating of a task you are about to perform.

Eideaic CDemory: (2 pone CDeric)

You can remember things seen and heard with perfect
detail. By gaining at least one success on an Intelligence +
Alertness roll, you can recall any sight or sound accurately,
even if you heard it or glanced at it only once (although the
difficulty of such a feat would be high). Five successes enable
you to recall an event perfectly: the Storyteller relates to you
exactly what was seen or heard.

Iron CUI: (3 pone CDeric)

When you are determined and your mind is set, nothing
can divert you from your goals. You cannot be Dominated,
and wraiths, mages and other changelings using mental
attacks against you gain an additional + 3 to their difficulties
if you are aware of them and resisting. However, the addi-
tional mental defense costs youone Willpower point per turn.
Even if you are unaware of an attack, anyone attempting to
magically influence you must add + 1| to her difficulty.

Self-Confidenc: (5 pome CDeric)

When you spend a point of Willpower to gain an auto-
matic success, your self-confidence may allow you to gain the
benefit of that expenditure without actually losing the Will-
power point. When you declare that you are using a point of
Willpower and roll for successes, you do not lose the point of
Willpower unless you fail. This will also prevent you from
botching, but only if you declare that you are spending the
Willpower point before you roll. This Merit may only be used
when you need confidence in your abilities in order to succeed.
Youcan use it only when the difficulty of your roll is 6 or higher.
You may spend Willpower at other times; however, if the
difficulty is 5 or less, the Merit will not help you.

Amnesia: (2 pom Haw)

You are unable to remember anything about your past,
yourself or your family. Your life is a blank slate. However,
your past may some day come back to haunt you, and the
Storyteller is under no obligation to be merciful. (You can, if
you wish, take up to five points of other Flaws without
specifying what they are. The Storyteller can supply the
details. Over the course of the chronicle, you and your
character will slowly discover them.)

Confused: (2 pone Flaw)

You are often confused, and the world seems to be a very
distorted and twisted place. Sometimes you are simply unable to
make sense of things. You need to roleplay this behavior all the
time to asmall degree, but your confusion becomes particularly
Strong whenever stimuli surround you (such as a number of
different people talking all at once, or the pounding music of a

Chapter One: The Kichan Trares 21


nightclub). You may spend Willpower to override the effects of
your confusion, but only temporarily.

Aodsenc-CDinded: (3 poinc Paw)

Though you do not forget such things as Knowledges or
Skills, you do forget such things as names, addresses and the last
time you gained Glamour. In order to remember anything more
than yourown name and the location of your freehold, youneed
to make a Wits roll or, asa last resort, spend a Willpower point.
This Flaw may not be taken with the Merit Concentration.

(\wiaReness

These Merits and Flaws involve perception (or the lack

thereof).

Acuce Senses: (I pone CDeric)

You have exceptionally sharp hearing, smell, vision or
taste. The difficulties of all dice rolls that relate to the sense
in question (e.g., Perception + Awareness to hear a faint
noise, taste poison in food or see an oncoming attacker) are
decreased by two.

Color Blindness: (1 poinc [law)

You can only see in black and white. Color means
nothing to you, although you are sensitive to color density,
which you perceive as shades of gray. Note: color blindness
actually indicates an inability to distinguish between two

colors, but we fudged a bit for the sake of playability.

Nard of Nearing: (1 pomnc Flaw)

Your hearing is defective. The difficulties of all dice rolls
related to hearing are increased by two. You may not take the
Merit Acute Hearing if you take this Flaw.

Bad Sighc: (2 pone Faw)

Your sight is defective. The difficulties of all dice rolls

related to vision are increased by two. This Flaw is neither
nearsightedness nor farsightedness — it is a minor form of
blindness. The impairment is not correctable.

Ocaf: (4 poinc Flaw)

You cannot hear sound, and automatically fail any rolls
that require hearing.

Blind: (6 poinc Flaw)

You automatically fail all dice rolls that involve vision.
You cannot see — the world of color and light is lost to you.


Apcicudes

These Merits establish special capacities and abilities for
your character, or modify the effects and powers of your
character's other Traits.

Animal CDagnecism: {I pone

CDeriz)

You are especially attractive to others. You receive a - 2
to your difficulties on Seduction and Subterfuge rolls. How-
ever, your appeal aggravates others of your gender.

Ambdidexcrous: (| pone CDeric)

You have a high degree of off-hand dexterity and can
perform tasks with the "wrong" hand at no penalty. The normal
penalty for using both hands at once to perform different tasks
(e.g., fighting with a weapon in each hand) isa + | difficulty for
the "right" hand and a + 3 difficulty for the other hand.

Compucer Apcicude: (1 poinc

Deniz)

You have a natural affinity with computers, so the
difficulties of all rolls to repair, construct and operate them
are reduced by two.

Crack Oriver: (I point Deri)

You have a natural affinity with driving motorized
wheeled vehicles, suchas cars, 18-wheelers and even tractors.
The difficulties of all rolls requiring risky or especially diffi-
cult driving maneuvers are reduced by two.

(Dechanical Apcrcude: {I pone
MDeric)

You are naturally adept with all kinds of mechanical
devices (note that this aptitude does not extend to electronic
devices, such as computers). The difficulties of all dice rolls to
understand, repair and operate any kind of mechanical device
are reduced by two. However, this Merit doesn't help you
drive any sort of vehicle.

Dorson Resiscance: {I pone

Deniz)

You have, for some reason or another, developed a
resistant to poisons. It could be that you are somehow natu-
rally resistant, or that you have spent years building up your
resistance against all known types of poisons. Any time you
need to make a soak roll against the effects of a poison or
toxin, reduce your difficulty by three.

e
a

Nacural Linguisc: (2 pone CDeric)

You have a flair for languages. This Merit does not allow
you to learn more languages than the number permitted by your
Linguistics score, but you may add three dice to any Dice Pool
involving languages (both written and spoken).

Oaredevil: (3 poinc CDeric)

You are good at taking risks, and are even better at
surviving them. All difficulties are - | whenever you try some-
thing particularly dangerous, and you can ignore one botch
result when you roll "ones" on such actions (you can cancel a
single "one" that is rolled, as if you have an extra success).

[asc Learner: (3 point CDeric)

You learn very quickly, and pick up on new things faster
than most do. You gain one extra experience point at the
conclusion of each story (not each game session).

Derfect Balance: (3 pone CDeric)

Your sense of balance is acute thanks to constant training
or inherited traits. It is very unlikely that you will ever fall
during your life. You may trip, but you always catch yourself
before you fully lose your footing or handhold.

This Merit functions for such actions as tightrope walk-
ing, crossing ice and climbing mountains. All difficulties
involving such feats are reduced by three. It would take a lot
to push a character off his feet if he has this Merit.

Jack-Of-AII- Trades: (5 poinc
CDeric)

You have a large pool of miscellaneous skills and knowl-
edges obtained through your extensive travels, the jobs you've
held, or just day-to-day experience. You automatically have
one dot in all Skill and Knowledge Dice Pools. This is an
illusory level, used only to simulate a wide range of abilities.
If you train or spend experience in a Skill or Knowledge, you
must pay the point cost for the first level a "second time"
before raising the Skill or Knowledge to two dots.

Supernatural

These Merits and Flaws are different kinds of supernatu-
ral benefits or detriments. Because of the potential of these
particular Traits, the Storyteller may not allow you to choose
from this category — ask before you pick any. Furthermore,
you should not select such Traits unless they firmly fit your
character concept, and you can explain why your character
possesses them. In general, we do not recommend that
anyone have more than one or two supernatural Merits or
Flaws — they should be strictly controlled by the Storyteller.

Chapzer One: The Kichamn Traics

a

'


"

ant

v

¢

v

&

Surreal Cualicy: (2 pone Flaw)

Though the Mists still protect you from mortal detec-
tion, there issomething about you that mortals find fascinating.
At inappropriate times, they will stare at you and strike up
conversations in the hopes of getting to know you better.
Worse still, those mortals who are of less savory nature will
choose you over other potential targets for their illicit acts.

Echoes: (2-5 point flaw)

Your connection to the Dreaming is stronger than that
of most Kithain. As a result of this powerful connection, you
are more susceptible to the things that traditionally affect
faeries, as told in ancient wives' tales. While Echoes is
purchased as a Flaw, it often has some beneficial side-effects.
The points received with this Flaw reflect the level of your
connection to the Dreaming and even to Arcadia. You must
have Storyteller approval in order to take this Flaw. The
effects of this Flaw are cumulative. For example, a character
with a five-point Flaw also suffers the setbacks of the two-
through four-point Flaws.

© Minor: Salt thrown over the shoulder for good luck
offers a mortal protection from faerie powers. The same is true
for throwing bread over a shoulder. Any mortal who does so
cannot be affected by your cantrips in any way for the duration
of the scene. You may physically hurt the person, but cantrips
simply do not work, or worse they may well backfire. Addition-
ally, any mortal knowing your full name can command three
tasks from you, which you must accomplish before you can be
freed of that mortal's influence. However, you need only follow
the exact wording of the mortal's requests, not the desire behind
them. (2 points)

© Moderate: You may not entera home without invitation
unless you perform some small favor for an occupant. However,
the invitation to enter a home may come from anyone in it, not
necessarily the owner. Cold iron ina residence will bar you from
entering the place whether you are invited or not; religious
symbols have the same effect. Religious symbols of any sort will
prevent you from physically or magically affecting mortals. The
sound of ringing church bells causes you pain, just as cold iron
does (at this level there is only pain, but with a four-point Flaw,
the changeling gains one point of Banality for every turn he is
forced to endure the sound). (3 points)

¢ Serious: Four-leaf clovers in the possession of a mortal
prevent you from using your Arts against that mortal for good
or bad. However, four-leaf clovers picked by you are sure to
bring good luck (you cannot botch, or perhaps you temporarily
gain the favor of a powerful individual) for as long as the petals
of the clover remain intact. The clover must be worn or carried
in order for this luck to remain. Any mortal wearing his coat
inside out is invisible to you. You may not cross running water,
save by means of a bridge. Religious symbols are now repellent
to you, forcing you away from those who wear them. The

14 The Changeling Diayers Guide

*
—-

shadow of a cross falling upon your person causes one Health
Level of chimerical damage for each turn the shadow is cast
upon you. You may no longer enter holy ground without
suffering chimerical injuries (one Health Level per turn),
though this damage may be soaked. (4 points)

e Extreme: Wherever you dwell, mushrooms tend to
bloom in faerie rings — even on your plush carpet. The Mists
no longer hide your powers. Many people will remember you if
youuse your Glamour while around them. Chimerical creatures
tend to become more real for you than for others, and their
attacks cause real and permanent injury. By the reverse, your
chimerical weapons can cause damage to anyone, even mortals.
People will likely follow you if you request it, gaining dazed
looks as they follow you even into dangerous situations. Your
difficulties in casting cantrips might be reduced by a substantial
amount (Storyteller's discretion), but those wearing cold iron
or religious symbols are immune to any Arts you might use. You
must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) in order to enter holy
ground. Even if you succeed in your Willpower roll, actual
physical damage (one Health Level per turn) occurs whenever
you enter holy ground. (5 points)

Iron Allergy: (3-5 pon Flaw)

Most of the Kithain only suffer pain and Banality when in
contact with cold iron. You suffer from actual wounds. Cold iron
reacts like superheated steel when it touches your skin. The very
least you will endure is severe blistering. For each round in contact
with iron, you suffer one Health Level of chimerical damage.
When this is taken as a four-point Flaw, you take one Health
Level of real damage for every three rounds in contact with cold
iron. As a five-point Flaw, you suffer this damage if you stand
within a foot of the iron.

Iron Resistance: (4 pone CDeric)

Cold iron has no physical effect on you. You may touch
cold iron and feel no excruciating pain, not even a tingle.
However, constant exposure to the metal will still cause you to
suffer Banality. This is a double-edged sword, as you may not
realize when you are sitting on a cold iron bench or leaning
against a fence made of the foul metal. A Perception + Intelli-
gence roll (difficulty 7) is required to avoid exposing yourself to
the dangerous element in any setting where it is present.

Regeneration: (7 pont Deri)

Your faerie nature is very strong. As a result you heal
much faster than other Kithain. For every turn spent resting,
you recover one Health Level of chimerical damage. Physical
wounds require a great deal more rest, but they too can be
regenerated at a rate of one Health Level per hour. While in
a freehold, your wounds heal at twice this speed. Wounds
inflicted by cold iron are not affected by this Merit.


Chimerical CDagnec: (5 pone
Paw)

For some reason, chimera notice you more often than
usual. In some cases this is beneficial, but more often than not
it causes problems. Chimerical beasts on a rampage will tend to
turn on you before attacking others. Nervosa find you irresist-
ible, and sprites of all types surround you constantly, often
making you the butt of their harmless but annoying pranks.

Das Life: (1-5 pone CDeric)

You can remember one or more of your previous incarna-
tions. This can be as simple as constant sense of deja vu in places
known in your past lives, or as complex as conscious, waking
memories of being another person. In practical terms, this
means that your character knows things about situations through
dead memories. You might know your way around a past life's
hometown, or might back away from a past life's murderer
without knowing why. This is a good Background for beginning
players; the Storyteller can tell them that something they are
about to do is stupid, dangerous or both. This Background
cannot be used to "remember" Abilities.

The Storyteller can, and likely should, take the oppor-
tunity to flesh out one or more of your past selves with you.
However, unless your memories are very detailed, your char-
acter isn't likely to know everything about that past.

¢ One point — Deja vu memories of one life

¢ Two points — Dreamy, vague memories of one life,
with deja vu from several lives

¢ Three points — Vague memories of several lives and
one or two well-remembered impressions from one life

¢ Four points — Several well-remembered impressions
from many lives

¢ Five points — A clear but broken thread of memories
back to the Mythic Age and beyond...

True Love: (I poinc CDeric)
You have discovered, and possibly lost (at least tempo-
rarily) a true love. Nonetheless, this love provides joy in an
otherwise arid existence that's usually devoid of such enlight-

ened emotions. Whenever you are suffering, in danger or
dejected, the thought of your true love is enough to give you the
strength to persevere. In game terms, this love allows you to
succeed automatically on any Willpower roll, but only when
you are actively striving to protect or come closer to your true
love. Also, the power of your love may be powerful enough to
protect you from other supernatural forces (Storyteller's discre-
tion). However, your true love may also be a hindrance and
require aid (or even rescue) from time to time. Be forewarned:
this is a most exacting Merit to play over the course of a
chronicle.

Chapcer One: The Kichan Trarcs


¥ i &

a

Eacrie Ccermicy; (2 point Deri)

After you went through your Chrysalis, you had a birthday,
and then another, and then another. Something was strange,
though — you didn't seem to grow or get older. You are touched

with a vestige of the immortality that used to be the birthright of

all fae. As long as your fae seeming is active, you will age at one-
tenth that of a normal human or changeling. Should your fae
seeming be permanently destroyed or should you retreat into
Banality, you will begin to age normally.

CDedium: (2 poinc (Deri)

You possess a natural affinity to sense and hear spirits, ghosts
and shades. Though you cannot see them, you feel their presence
and are able to speak with them when they are in the vicinity. It
is even possible for you to summon them (through pleading and
cajoling) to your presence. Spirits will not simply aid you or give
you advice for free — they will always want something in return.

Oanger Sense: (2 point (Deri)

You have a sixth sense that warns you of danger. When
you are in danger, the Storyteller should make a secret roll
against your Perception + Alertness; the difficulty depends
on the remoteness of the danger. If the roll succeeds, the
Storyteller tells you that you have a sense of foreboding.
Multiple successes may refine the feeling and give an indica-
tion of direction, distance or nature.

3 V ALA

Spiric CDencor: (3 pont CDeric)

You have a ghostly companion and guide. This spirit is able
to employ a number of minor powers when it really struggles to
exert itself (see Haunted, below), but for the most part it's
beneficial to you for the advice it can give. This ghost is the
incorporeal spirit of someone who was once living, perhaps even
someone particularly famous or wise. The Storyteller will create
the ghost character, but will not reveal its full powers and
potencies. Mentors of this sort are not true Mentors of the Arts,
but might give special insights into aspects of mortal life that
changelings have missed or forgotten. (Further ideas for this
Merit can be obtained from Wraith.)

(Uerewolf/ Vampire
Companion: (3 poinc CDeric)

You have a friend and ally who just happens to be a
werewolf or vampire. Though you may call upon this being
in times of need, she also has the right to call upon you (after
all, you are friends). Neither your kind nor hers appreciate
your relationship; while changelings frequently deal with
the Prodigals, all sides share a healthy distrust of each other.
Your friend will not become a walking Glamour battery for
greedy changelings. Such relationships often end badly....
The Storyteller will create the character in question, and
will not reveal its full powers and potencies.

AS
° :

uck: (3 pome CDeric)

You were born lucky; you have a guardian angel or the
Devil looks after his own. Either way, you can repeat three
failed non-magical rolls per story. Only one repeat attempt
may be made on any single roll.

Undondadle: (4 pome CDeric)

Youare immune to being Blood Bound. No matter how much
vampire blood you drink, you can never be Bound to a vampire.
This is exceedingly rare, and the Merit should be carefully consid-
ered by Storytellers before it is allowed into the game.

Sphere Nacural: (5 pone CDeric)

You are able to utilize one of the Arts with a greater
degree of ease than other changelings can. In a previous
incarnation, you were extremely proficient in one of the Arts
— so much so that a small portion of that knowledge has
carried over into this lifetime.

Select an Art; when spending experience points to gain
levels in that Art, you pay three-quarters the normal cost.
This Art must be declared during character conception. Of
course, this Merit may only be purchased once.

Guardian Angel: (6 pone Deri)

Someone or something watches over you and protects you
from harm. You have no idea who or what it is, but you have an
idea that someone is looking out for you. In times of great need,
you may be supernaturally protected. However, one can never
count upon a guardian angel. The Storyteller must decide why
you are being watched and what is watching you (not necessar-
ily an angel, despite the name).

True [aich: (7 pone CDeric)

You have a deep-seated faith in and love for God, or
whatever name you choose to call the Almighty. You begin
the game with one point of Faith (a Trait with a range of 1-
10). This Faith provides you with an inner strength and
comfort that continues to support you when all else betrays
you. This Merit is exceedingly rare among changelings, and
is found most often among those who have undergone their
Chrysalis late in life.

Your Faith adds to Willpower rolls, giving + 1 to the Dice
Pool for each point in Faith. The exact supernatural effects of
Faith, if any, are completely up to the Storyteller, although it will
typically repel vampires. (Basically, the changeling must make a
Faith roll against a difficulty of the vampire's Willpower to repel
him. For more rules, see Vampire Players Guide, pg. 30, or The
Hunters Hunted, pp. 64-66.) The effects of Faith will certainly
vary from person to person, and will almost never be obvious —
some of the most saintly people have never performed miracles
greater than managing to ease the suffering of injured souls. The
nature of any miracles you do perform will usually be tied to your

c—

own Nature, and you may never realize that you have been aided
by a force beyond yourself.

An additional benefit of True Faith is innate magic
resistance. This effect will not work for changelings (theories
about the reason for this vary), but can add a dangerous
wrinkle to fanatical witch-hunters or enemy Dauntain. A
character may roll his True Faith (difficulty 6) to reduce the
successes of any cantrips cast upon him. Therefore, a change-
ling facing a hunter with 5 points of True Faith stands a slim
chance of affecting him with magic.

True Faith is a rare attribute in this day and age. No one
may start the game with more than one Faith point. Addi-
tional points are only awarded at the Storyteller's discretion,
based on appropriate behavior and deeds.

Throwdack: (1-5 poinc Flaw)

One or more of your past lives still affects you... badly. Fears
come back to haunt you in your dreams, and you have flashbacks
of the past lives' worst memories. Worse still, a past life personality
could encroach on your own. For bad dreams or flashbacks, take
a one- to two-point Flaw depending on the severity of the
condition and how much it will affect your studies or performance
in dangerous situations. For a "roommate in your head," take a
three-point Flaw (whether you know the personality exists or
not). For the package deal and a truly miserable existence, take a
five-point Flaw, but expect the Storyteller to take every opportu-
nity to use it against you. This Flaw can be "worked off" during the
course of play, but only with difficulty.

Cursed: (1-5 poinc Flaw)

You have been cursed by someone or something with

supernatural or magical powers. This curse is specific and
detailed. It cannot be dispelled without extreme effort, and it
can be life-threatening. Some examples follow:

e If youpass ona secret that was told to you, your betrayal
will later harm you in some way. (1 point)

e You stutter uncontrollably when you try to describe
what you have seen or heard. (2 points)

¢ Tools often break or malfunction when you attempt to
use them. (3 points)

¢ You are doomed to make enemies of those to whom
you become most attached (so whatever you do, don't get too
close to the other characters). (4 points)

e Every one of your accomplishments or achievements
will inevitably become tainted or fail in some way. (5 points)

CDagical Drohidition or
Imperacive: (I-5 pom Flaw)

There is something you must or must not do, and your life,
your luck, your magic and perhaps your very soul depends on it.
This imperative may be something that has always been upon you;
ageas prophesied by Druids at your birth, a sacred oath or vow you

Chapter One: The Kichan Traics


swore, or a promise or bargain you made. Someone (with a capital
S) witnessed you make the commitment and is going to hold you
to it. If you disobey, the consequences will be dire, if not deadly.
Characters may have several magical prohibitions or im-
peratives, and these may come into conflict. In Celtic myth,
Cuchulainn had the geasa to "Never refuse hospitality" and
"Never eat dog meat." Three hags once offered him roast dog for
dinner, and Cuchulainn died soon after eating. Consequently,
most changelings keep their magical prohibitions and impera-
tives secret, lest they be used against them by enemies.
Storytellers should examine each prohibition or imperative
and assign a point value to it, as well as a punishment for violating
it. Easily avoided circumstances, such as "Never break bread with
ared-haired man," are worth one point, while more common or
difficult things, such as "Stop and pet every cat you see," are
worth two points. Particularly drastic or dangerous circum-
stances, such as "Never back down froma fight," are worth three
(or more) points. Consequences are worth points as well. Auto-
matically botching the next major cantrip you do is worth one
point, having bad luck for the rest of your life is worth two, losing
all your friends and worldly possessions is worth three, dying is
worth four, and being deserted by your faerie soul is worth five.
Characters and Storytellers may come up with variants of these.
Traditionally, there is very little that may be done about
geasa, which are simply facets of one's destiny, and curses are
devilishly hard to lift (the Flaw must be bought off if they are).
Characters who accidentally violate prohibitions or imperatives
may attempt to atone for their crimes, righting whatever they did
wrong. A witch who has vowed to never eat any red meat, and
then suddenly finds beef in her soup, might be able to atone for
the trespass by fasting and sending checks to PETA. However, if
a changeling violates an oath willingly and with full knowledge
—and survives — he becomes an oathbreaker, one of the foulest
epithets among changelings. Oathbreakers are psychically marked.
It is virtually impossible for them to find tutors or any sort of aid.
Characters who wish to begin as oathbreakers should
take the Flaw Dark Fate or some curse, as well as Oathbreaker,
worth four points.

The Bards Tongue: (I pomnc Flaw)

You speak the truth, uncannily so. Things you say tend
to come true. This is not a facility for blessing or cursing, or
an Effect that can be ruled by any conscious control. How-
ever, at least once per story, an uncomfortable truth regarding
any current situation pops into your head and passes through
your lips. To avoid speaking prophecy, you must expend a
Willpower point and take a Health Level from the strain of
resisting (especially if you bite a hole in your tongue).

Naunced: (3 point Flaw)

Youare haunted by a ghost that only you (and mediums)
can see and hear. It actively dislikes you and enjoys making
your life miserable by insulting, berating and distracting you,

The Changeling Diayers Guide

especially when you need to keep your cool. It also has a
number of minor powers it can use against you (once per story
for each power): hiding small objects; bringing a "chill" over
others, making them very ill at ease with you; causing a loud
buzzing in your ear or the ears of others; moving a small object
such as a knife or pen; breaking a fragile item such as a bottle
or mirror; tripping you or making eerie noises, such as chains
rattling. Yelling at the ghost can sometimes drive it away, but
it will confuse those who are around you. The Storyteller will
likely personify the ghost in order to make things all the more
frustrating for you. (More ideas for this Flaw can be obtained

from Wraith: The Oblivion.)

Doezic Near: (3 pone CDeric)

Youhavea truly inspired soul within you. You are destined
to be a great hero or artist, and therefore Glamour shields you
from the ravages of Banality. At times you may even be able to
stave off the tide of Banality. You may make a Willpower roll
to avoid gaining a point of temporary Banality once per story.

Cleared CDiszs: (3 poinc Flaw)

The Mists are the results of the Shattering on the human
world. They cloak the powers and enchantments of the Kithain,
hiding fae presence in their tendrils. Unfortunately, the Mists
donot hide your magic or abilities. Should a mortal witness your
actions, he will not forget the effects of your Arts or other fae
abilities. As a result, you may reveal your nature to the mortal
world, triggering dire consequences for the rest of the Kithain.

Chimerical Orsadilicy: (I-3 poinc
Flaw)

Part of your fae seeming is damaged and no longer exists
due toa past altercation. This disability is permanent. Examples
of this Flaw would be a missing chimerical hand (two points).
Your chimerical seeming is missing one eye; your view of
chimera lacks depth perception (three points). One of your
chimerical legs is missing; you can still walk, but it becomes
extremely difficult to ride a chimerical creature (one point).

Changelings Eyes: (I pone Flaw)

Your eyes are a startling color, maybe emerald green,

violet or yellow. This is a sign that you are a changeling,
recognizable to those who know the ancient lore.

CUinged: (2 poinc Hlawi/3 poinc
ERIT

You have beautiful wings, be they feathered bird wings or
batwings or colored butterfly wings. They are chimerical, but
need to be free or they will subtract one die from Dexterity rolls.
You may have to explain why you have cut slits in all of your
coats. If you have taken this asa Flaw, youare not able to fly, but
you do get an extra die if you are the recipient of the cantrip


Wind Runner (Wayfare 3). If you have taken this as a Merit,
you may indeed fly for short periods of time. This power works
as any other use of Glamour when only Kithain are present, but
will not work in the presence of mortals.

Seemings Blessing; (5 pomc CDeric)

Your Birthrights affect your mortal seeming as well as
your fae mien. A sidhe would receive extra dots in Appear-
ance. A satyr would receive extra dots in Stamina and speed.
A troll would receive extra dots in Strength.

x

Shipped Seeming;: (1-5 pone law)

Your fae seeming bleeds into your mortal seeming and makes
you obvious to those mundanes who know what to look for. A
one-point Flaw would mean a slight bluish cast to the skin of a
troll. A five-point Flaw would mean a pair of horns for a satyr. It
may be difficult to explain yourself to mortals: "Ah, I got my head
caught in a mechanical rice-picker. Fortunately there was a
skilled plastic surgeon nearby." This Flaw will not give you the
benefits of certain portions of your seeming (goat leg's will not

allow you to run at advanced speeds).

Oark Face: (5 point Flaw)

You are doomed to experience a most horrible demise or,

worse, suffer eternal agony. No matter what you do, someday you
will be taken out of the picture. In the end, all your efforts, your
struggles and your dreams will come to naught. Your fate is
certain, and there is nothing you do about it. Even more
ghastly, you have partial knowledge of this, for you occasionally
have visions of your fate — and they are most disturbing. The
malaise these visions inspire can only be overcome through the
use of Willpower, and the malaise will return after each vision.
Atsome point in the chronicle you will face your fate, but when
and how is completely up to the Storyteller. Though you can't
do anything about your fate, you can still attempt to reach some
goal before it occurs, or at least try to make sure that your friends
are not destroyed as well. This is a difficult Flaw to roleplay;
though it may seem as if it takes away all free will, we have found
that, ironically, it grants freedom. Combining this Flaw with the
Destiny Background is very appropriate — Elric and Vanyel are
classic literary examples.

Chapter One: The Kichain Traizs


Greedy Glamour: (5 pone [law

Your connection to the Dreaming is even less reliable than
other changelings', and you find yourself having to court Glam-
our more ardently than most. You must perform two Bunks to cast
asignle cantrip. You receive successes only from the first. You may
spenda point of Glamour in order to gain an extra success, though
this requires you to draw a third Bunk.

Dsychic Vampire: (5 pone law)

The spark of life is dying within you and must continually
feed from outside forces. You are a psychic vampire. Plants and
insect life wither and die in your presence as you feed on their
energies. Any person you touch for more than an hour will lose
one non-aggravated Health Level as you siphon away his life.
Those already injured (including those whose Bruised Health
Levels have been sucked away) will not heal while in your
presence. Youcan still be in the same building without harming
someone, but sharing a bed is not possible unless you want the
other person to slowly die. If you do not feed the emptiness
within yourself at least once a day, you will begin to die. The rate
at which you take wounds follows the progression for natural
healing in reverse: you lose a Health Level after one day, a
second in three days, a third ina week, a fourth ina month, and,
finally, one wound every three months until dead.

The Changeling Diayers Guide

Sidhe's Curse: (5 poinc Haw)

The sidhe live in mortal terror of Banality, because it can
take root in their souls much more easily than it can in any other
of the kith. Although you are not sidhe, you are subject to this
frailty as well. You gain two points of Banality for every one given
by the Storyteller. Sidhe characters may not take this Flaw.

Changeling lies

These Merits and Flaws deal with the place, position and
status of a character within changeling society.

[peescigous (Dencor: {I poinc

CDeric

Your Mentor had or has great Status among the Kithain,

and this has accorded you a peculiar honor. Most treat you
respectfully, while some have only contempt for you, believing
you to be merely riding your Mentor's coattails. This prestige
could greatly aid or hinder you when dealing with elders
acquainted with your Mentor. Indeed, your Mentor's contacts
may actually approach you at some point and offer aid. Al-
though your Mentor might no longer have contact with you,
the simple fact of your apprenticeship has marked you forever.


Man T aya YL Aya
LRATYRAT

Boon: (l-3 poinc CDeriz)

A noble owes you a favor because of something either you
or your Mentor once did for him. The extent of the boon owed
depends on how many points you spend. One point would
indicate a relatively minor boon, while three points would
indicate that the noble probably owes you his life.

Repucacion: (2 pone Deri)

You havea good reputation among the changelings of your
Court. This may derive from your own reputation or from your
Mentor. Add three dice to any Dice Pools involving social
dealings with others of your Court. A character with this Merit
may not take the Flaw Notoriety.

Enemy: (I-5 pomnc Flaw)

You have an enemy or perhaps a group of enemies.
Someone wants to harm you. The value of the Flaw determines
how powerful these enemies are. The most powerful enemies
(kings or elder vampires) indicate five-point Flaws, while
enemies nearer to your own power level indicate one-point
Flaws. You must decide who your enemy is and how you earned
such enmity in the first place.

Infamous CDencor: {I pone Flaw)

Your Mentor was, and perhaps still is, distrusted and
disliked by many of your fellow changelings. As a result, you
are distrusted and disliked as well. This is a heavy load, and
one not easily shed.

Insane QDencor: (I pone Flaw)

Your Mentor has completely lost his grip on reality and has
become lost to Bedlam or is dangerously insane. Any wrong
committed by your Mentor may affect your reputation, and some
of your Mentor's dangerous schemes may somehow involve you.

(Dencor's Resencmenc: (I poinc
Flaw)

Your Mentor dislikes you and wishes you ill. Given the
smallest opportunity, your Mentor will seek to do you harm,
and may even attack you if provoked. Your Mentor's friends
will also work against you. Good luck!

Tunsted ¢ pprenciceship: (
point [law

Your Mentor was quite malevolent and taught you all
the wrong things about Kithain society. Your concepts of

changeling politics are all wrong, and your faulty beliefs are
likely to get you into a great deal of trouble. Over time, after
many hard lessons, you can overcome this bad start (the
Storyteller will tell you when). But until then, you will
continue'to believe what you were first told, no matter how
others try to "trick" you into thinking otherwise.

= ee

Your Mentor is engaged in acts that could cause a
tremendous uproar. She could be ignoring unabashed Unseelie
activity or worse. Plenty of folks want your Mentor's hide, and
you may be tarred with the same brush.

Nocoriecy; (3 poinc [law

You have a bad reputation among your peers; perhaps you
violated the protocols once too often, or belong to an unpopular
freehold. There is a two-dice penalty to all dice rolls for social
dealings with appropriate changelings. A character with this
Flaw may not take the Merit Reputation.

CDorcal Society

These Merits and Flaws deal with the influence, power and
station of a character among mortals. Some of them correspond
very closely to certain Background Traits (such as Influence
and Resources), while others simply elaborate and expand upon
them. The Backgrounds give you more creative freedom, while
the Merits provide you with exact details of what you possess.

Black CDarkec Ties: (I-5 poinc
CDeric)

You have special ties to the underground shopping network,
ties that help you acquire hard-to-find equipment. This Merit adds
one die per point to your Streetwise roll when trying, for instance,
to obtain black market weaponry. Difficulties for such rolls are left
up to the Storyteller (typically 7 or higher). The point cost reflects
how "connected" you may be. The Storyteller may allow you to use
your black market connections during the game to provide you
with needed or useful equipment. Such connections will not
simply hand you whatever you want — these things don't come
cheap! It is up to the Storyteller to determine the quantity, quality
and availability of the equipment. He may feel free to disallow it
entirely if such connections would unbalance the game.

¢ One point — Small items: ammo, low-clearance ID
badges, good software

¢ Two points — Average items: guns, hi-tech software,
special ammo

¢ Three points — Fancy items: antique cars, explosives,
automatic weapons

¢ Four points — Hefty items: heavy weapons, high-
security IDs or access codes

¢ Five points — "Yeah, right. Maybe next game.": hi-
tech military weapons, high explosives, military vehicles

Judicial Nies: (2 pone (Deri)

You have both influence over and contacts in the justice
system. You know most of the judges as well as the attorneys
in the D.A.'s office, and can affect the progress of various
cases and trials with limited difficulty. Though it is difficult

Chapter One: The Kichamn Trarcs 3]


to intervene in a case, you can influence it in one direction
or another. These ties can also make it easy to acquire search
warrants.

Dansion: (3 pone CDeric)

You own a large mansion — a home with 25 or more
rooms — as well as the surrounding estate. The servants, if
you have any, are provided for if you choose this Merit,
although they cannot be used as Dreamers or Retainers unless
you purchase the appropriate Background. The mansion is
assumed to have the most current electronic security avail-
able and a fence around the perimeter, but does not have
access to a trod (see the Freehold Background for such a
place). While the mansion can be in as poor or as good shape
as you wish, the more inhabited it appears to be, the more
attention it will garner. A ghost house won't attract IRS
audits, but it may attract police scrutiny if bands of strange
kids hang out there.

CDedia Ties: (2 pone (Deri)

You have both influence over and contacts in the local
media. You can suppress and create news stories (though not
always with 100 percent efficiency; journalists are an unruly
bunch), and you have access to the files and gossip of
newspaper and TV station staffs.

Nighcclud: (2 pone CDeric)

You own a moderate-sized nightclub, perhaps one of the
hottest nightspots in the city. This club brings in enough
money to support you in moderate luxury ($1000 a month, but
it can grow), but more important than the money is the
prestige. You may use the nightclub as your freehold (though
you must purchase the Background Trait to do so), or you may
simply hang out there. The name of the nightclub, its style,
design and its regular patrons are all up to you. Variations on
this theme could include a restaurant, theater, comedy club,
sports arena or retail store.

Church Ties: (3 poinc CDeric)

You have influence and contacts in some local churches,
and have the means to organize protest rallies, help the needy
and raise money. The more you use your ties, of course, the
greater your risk of being discovered.

Corporace Ties: (3 pone CDeric)

You have both influence over and contacts in the local
corporate community. You understand the dynamics of money
in the city and have links with all the major players. In times
of need, you can cause all sorts of financial mayhem, and can
raise considerable amounts of money (in the form of loans) in
a very short period of time.

Encercainmenc Ties: (3 poinc

Deniz)

You have a degree of fame and influence in the local
entertainment scene (music, theatre, dance, S.C.A., etc.).
Either you own or manage a good venue or site, or you have
some notoriety among both peers and fans. You can exert this
influence to ferret out information or buy favors. For five
points, this fame can be nationwide.

Dolice Ties: (3 pone CDeric)

You have both influence over and contacts in the local
police department. You can, witha single phone call, arrange
foran APB tobe issued. However, the more often you use your
ties with the police department, the weaker they become, and
the more attention you attract toward yourself. Your influ-
ence is not solid (that can be achieved only through game
play), and it can let you down at times.

Dohiical Ties: (3 pom CDeric)

You have both influence over and contacts among the
politicians and bureaucrats of the city. In times of need, you
can arrange to shut off the power and water to a building or
neighborhood, and can unleash many different bureaucratic
means of harassment against your enemies. The more you use
your political ties, the weaker they become. Total control can
only be achieved through game play.

Underworld Ties: (3 pom CDeric)

You have both influence over and contacts in the local
Mafia and organized street gangs. This provides you with
limited access to large numbers of "soldiers," and some con-
trol over local criminal activities. The more often you use
your ties with the criminal element, the weaker they become.

Corporacion CEO: (5 pone
Denice)

You have a particular influence and sway over a major
corporation and associated companies, just as if you were its
chief executive officer. Indeed, you might have owned this
company before your Chrysalis, and you have retained con-
trol. Through this corporation, you know much that takes
place in the corporate community and have the means to
wage economic warfare. This Merit provides you with some
informal allies and Resources, the exact extent of which is
determined by the Storyteller.

(ard: (3 pom Flaw)

You are devoted to the protection of a mortal. You may
describe your ward, though the Storyteller will actually create
her. This character may be a friend or relative from your pre-
Chrysalis days, or just a good friend. Wards have a talent for

eS
A

getting caught up in the action of stories, and they're frequent
targets of characters' enemies.

Danced: (4 point law)

Vampires and werewolves are not the only supernaturals
who need to fear fanatical witch-hunters. You have somehow
attracted the interest of some mortal agency or individual who
now seeks your destruction. This hunter is beyond reason, and
has some form of power, influence or authority that puts you at
a disadvantage. Your friends, family and associates are likewise
endangered. Sooner or later, this Flaw will result in a confron-
tation. The resolution should not be an easy one.

Physical

These Merits and Flaws deal with your health and
physical makeup.

Ooudle-Jomnced: (1 poe CDeric)

You are unusually supple. Reduce the difficulty of any
Dexterity roll involving body flexibility by two. Squeezing
through a tiny space is one example of a use for this Merit.

Nuge Size: (4 pome CDeric)

Your mortal seeming is abnormally large in size, possibly
over seven feet tall and 400 pounds in weight. You therefore
have one additional Health Level, and are able to suffer more
harm before you are incapacitated. Treat this as an extra
Health Level, with no penalties to rolls.

Allergic: (I-44 poinc Flaw)

You are allergic to some substance — pollen, animal fur,
alcohol, chocolate, etc. For one point, you get hives, sneeze or
become dizzy upon prolonged contact with your bane; for two
points, you swell up uncomfortably in the affected area, reduc-
ingall Dice Pools by one; for three points, your reaction actually
debilitates you, reducing appropriate Dice Pools by three. If the
substance is really common in your chronicle, add an additional
point to this Flaw.

Aschma: (I pone Flaw)

You have difficulty performing strenuous tasks because
you cannot breathe properly. With asthma, your lungs only
draw a fraction of the air that they would normally require. Any
time you exert yourself, you must make a Stamina roll against
a difficulty of 6 or be unable to perform any action in the next
round while you catch your breath.

Shorc: (Il poinc Flaw)

You are well below average height, and have trouble
seeing over high objects and moving quickly. You suffer a
two-dice penalty to all pursuit rolls, and you and the Story-
teller should make sure your height is taken into account in

Chapter One: The Kichan Traics 33
Cf

ao begs


WERWI TAD YL wa Da D>
AVRATRATRATWAT

.

4.4

all situations. In some circumstances, this will give you a
concealment bonus.

Orsfigured: (2 pome Flaw)

A hideous disfigurement makes you ugly and easy to
notice or remember. You therefore have a zero Appearance.

Child: (3 pom Flaw)

You were a small child at the time of your Chrysalis. You
may be precocious, but you're still just a kid. You have the Flaw
Short (see above), and find it difficult to be taken seriously by
others (two-dice penalty to all relevant rolls). Additionally, you
may be subject to parental control, curfews and child labor and
truancy laws. Few clubs will admit you because you are "under-
age." Childlings who do not take this Flaw are for some reason
more accepted by those older than themselves.

Oecformicy: (3 poinc Flaw)

You have some kind of deformity — such as a misshapen
limb or a hunchback — that affects your interactions with
others and may inconvenience you physically. The difficul-
ties of all dice rolls related to physical appearance are raised
by two. Your deformity will also raise the difficulty of some
Dexterity rolls by two, depending on the type of deformity
you possess.

Lame: (3 point Flaw)

Your legs are injured or otherwise prevented from work-
ing effectively. You suffer a two-dice penalty to all dice rolls
related to movement. A character may not take this Flaw
along with the Merit Double-Jointed.

One Arm: (3 poinc Flaw)

You have only one arm — choose which, or determine
randomly during character creation. This could be a battle
scar, birth defect or other form of injury. It is assumed that you
are accustomed to using your remaining hand, so you suffer no
off-hand penalty. However, you do suffer a two-dice penalty
to any Dice Pool for which two hands would normally be
needed to perform a task. A character may not take this Flaw
along with the Merit Ambidextrous.

CDuce: (4 pone Flaw)

Your vocal apparatus does not function, and you cannot
speak at all. You can communicate through other means —
typically through writing or signing.

Daraplegic: (6 pone Flaw)

You can hardly move without assistance, such as a pair
of crutches ora wheelchair» Even then it can be‘painful and
cumbersome to do so. Be sure to roleplay this Flaw correctly,
no matter how difficult it makes things. A character may not
take this Flaw along with the Merit Double-Jointed.

The Changeling Diayers Guide

v ~~ ASL

New Adilicies

The following are new Abilities you can use in any
Storyteller game. They describe some of the limitless abilities
your character can take; they can help define your character.
Some of these Abilities may seem less significant and useful
than the more general Abilities described in Changeling.
Some are sub-categories of more general Abilities. For ex-
ample, you might want to make a character roll Dexterity +
Athletics when firing a bow rather than introducing the
Archery Skill. It is up to the Storyteller whether any of the
Abilities listed here can be purchased. Some Storytellers may
allow certain Abilities to be purchased at a reduced cost.

‘Talents
Accng

You are practiced at feigning emotions, beliefs or frames
of mind. Even if you have never been on stage before, you
could do an adequate job if you were ever thrust upon it.
However, simply because you have this Ability does not mean
you use it unethically. Many honorable politicians have used
it to lend power and depth to their speeches (notably,
Winston Churchill and Franklin Roosevelt). You are able to
feign tears, anger, friendliness and virtue.

° Novice: A rank amateur, you can feign

sickness.

Practiced: You have developed a wide
range of acting ability.

Competent: You are capable of playing
almost any role.

Expert: You are certainly a professional,
or have that potential.

eecce Master: You could win, or have won,

an Academy Award.

Possessed by: Actors, Amateurs, Children, Con Artists,
Evangelists, Roleplayers

Specialties: Inspirational, Feigning, Emotions, Pretend,
Religious Awe, Roleplaying, Stage Acting

Arcistic Expression

You have the talent to produce works of art in various
media. You can produce salable works of two- or three-
dimensional art, and understand something of the technical
aspects of paintings and sketches. You are able to sketch a
reasonably accurate rendition of a place or person.

e Novice: Your work is simple, seen as
charmingly naive by some and as ama-
teurish by others.

Practiced: Your work,could win prizes
at'local art society*shows.

AN Nea)
CALA

f
ee |


Competent: You could get a showing in
a minor gallery.
Expert: Your work is widely admired,
and galleries contact you about exhibi-
tions. You are invited to teach at local
art colleges.
Master: You are acknowledged as a
driving force in contemporary art. Your
work commands enormous prices, and
is found in art museums as well as com-
mercial galleries and private collections.
Possessed by: Artists, Commercial Illustrators, Car-
toonists, Police Artists, Forgers, Woodworkers, Theatre and
Movie Set Builders, Special Effects Technicians, Model
Makers
Specialties: Oils, Watercolors, Mixed Media, Charcoal,
Sketching, Caricature, Lighting, Set Design, Impressionist,
Photo-realism, Abstract, Miniatures, Stone, Resin, Wood,
Metals, Classical, Kinetic, Models, Decoration, Folk Art

Carousing

This is the ability to have a good time at a party or other
social occasion while making sure others around you also
have a good time. It involves a mixture of eating, good cheer
and drinking without making a fool out of yourself. On a
successful roll of Manipulation + Carousing, the character

can make a lasting good impression on everyone around him;
this can be helpful if the changeling is trying to make friends,
garner information or distract the attendees while his
oathmates rifles the coat room. The difficulty of the roll
depends on the social event: three or less for a house party
with a buffet, seven or more for a sit-down dinner.

° Novice: Good ol' Uncle Bill

Practiced: Jake the Frat Rat

eee Competent: James Bond

eeee Expert: The Three Musketeers

eevee Master: Bluto in Animal House

Possessed by: Actors, Dilettantes, College Students,
Satyrs

Specialties: Sexual Innuendo, Bon Mots, Lewd Jokes,
Drinking, Exaggeration, Anecdotes

Oiplomacy

You have the ability to deal with people of all types and

creeds, from Unseelie nobles to Seelie commoners. Even
when handling touchy subjects, you are able to get results
without ruffling too many feathers. You are skilled at delicate
negotiations and mediating disputes, skills often invaluable
to the civic-minded. In short, you can get along with others
without resorting to overt manipulation and without letting
your own goals fall by the wayside. This Ability involves a

Chapcer One: The Kichan Traics 35


knowledge of the formal rules of give and take, as well as the
official rules of cultural conduct and politeness.
Novice: You can iron out schoolyard
disputes.
Practiced: Friends ask you to deal with
things for them.
Competent: You could shine in man-
agement or personnel.
Expert: You could be a professional
diplomat or ombudsman.
Master: You could negotiate high tea
with the Shadow Court.
Possessed by: Diplomats, Trusted Knights, Teachers,
Smooth-Talkers
Specialties: Mediation, Negotiation, Inter-Court Rela-
tions, Tact, Industry, Personal Relations

Lorcune- Telling

You may or may not have the gift to tell accurate
fortunes, but you can make people believe you do. This
Ability may prove useful as a plot device, a means for the
character to earn money or may be used as a Bunk for casting
a Soothsay cantrip. While this Talent confers no magic in
and of itself, it may add to your successes; for each two
successes, reduce the difficulty of a Soothsay cantrip by 1.

Novice: You are able to use one method
of divination adequately and treat this
Ability as a pastime.
Practiced: You can use one method of
fortune-telling well, and can tell some
one general information that will apply
to her.
Competent: You know a lot about cert-
ain methods of fortune-telling, and can
tell anyone detailed information that
will be applicable.
Expert: You are able to use multiple
methods well, and have a keen under
standing of what people want to hear.
eocce Master: Gypsies take lessons from you.

Possessed by: Gypsies, Psychics, Professional Fortune-
Tellers, New-Agers

Specialties: Tarot Cards, Prophecy, Palmistry, | Ching,
Goat Entrails, Auguries, Bone Casting, Scrying

Inscruction

You have a talent for passing on information and skills to
others. You might have worked as a teacher, or fostered many
childlings. Either way, you can explain things and demonstrate
techniques in such a way that anyone who listens to you can learn
easily. You can teach any of your Skills or Knowledges to another
character, but you can never raise a student's score above your

The Changeling Diayers Guide

own. For example, if you have three dots in Occult, you cannot
teach someone enough to raise her Occult Knowledge to four dots.

For the time it takes to raise a student's Skill, roll your
Manipulation + Instruction against a difficulty of (11 minus the
student's Intelligence). One roll may be made per month of
teaching. The number of successes is the number of experience
points the student can apply toward that skill. Example: Mavis,
a boggan, is attempting to teach her oathmate lain, a pooka,
some rudiments of First Aid so someone else can help with
patching up the injured. lain isa little scatterbrained, but bright
(Intelligence 3), so the difficulty for Mavis' roll is 8.

A student may become too discouraged or distracted with
other things to pay attention to his teacher. Therefore, the
student may have tospenda Willpower point (at the Storyteller's
discretion) to keep at his studies. Frequent interruptions can cost
a student a number of Willpower points, or maybe they'll just
prevent him from learning anything (in which case, the teacher
might withdraw her services).

With the Storyteller's approval, a person can teach some
Talents, such as Brawl or Dodge. In these cases, it is good to
roleplay some of the training sessions. Get a few good licks in
on the student and see if he learns anything from it. Talents
such as Empathy or Alertness cannot be taught — they must
be learned the hard way.

° Novice: You can take simple concepts
(e.g., basic arithmetic) and present them
in an interesting and digestible manner.
Practiced: You can teach moderately
complex subjects (such as algebra) and
make your lessons straightforward and
interesting.

Competent: You can teach any subject
of which you have Knowledge, up to
high-school level subjects. You can
make differential calculus sound like
the simplest thing in the world.
Expert: Learning from you is scarcely
an effort. You could teach irrational-
number theory or Sumerian cuneiform
to almost anyone.

Master: You are an inspiring teacher
who bestows a touch of greatness on
anyone who studies with you.

Possessed by: Mentors, Teachers, Professors, Sensei

Specialties: Metaphysics, Customs and Laws, Univer-
sity, Skills, Knowledges.

Incerrogation

You are able to extract information from people by fair

or foul means. Using a mixture of threats, trickery and
persistent questioning, you ultimately unearth the truth.
° Novice: Nosy neighbor

Practiced: Movie cop


Competent: Talk-show host
eevee Expert: Investigative journalist
eecce Master: Spymaster
Possessed by: Cops, Journalists, Secret Service Person-
nel, Inquisitors, Unseelie, Shadow Court Members
Specialties: Good Cop/Bad Cop, Threats, Trickery,
Moral Blackmail

Incrigue

You know the finer points of plotting and deal-making
in the halls of power. You understand the practical use of
power (in sometimes threatening, but always non-confronta-
tional ways) to achieve your own ends. This Talent also
allows you to glean important facts about others in your social
circle, and to separate truth from endless amounts of false and
useless gossip.

° Novice: Wiseguy

eo Practiced: Confidant

eee Competent: PAC lobbyist

eoce Expert: Vampire or sidhe noble

eecce Master: High Court player

Possessed by: Sidhe Nobles, Chancellors, Boggans,
Diplomats, Shadow Court

Specialties: Gossiping, Feigning Ignorance, Threats,
Plotting, Rumor Mill, Alliances, Betrayals

CDimicry

You have a versatile voice and can imitate accents, voices
and some other sounds. You can use this talent to entertain and
deceive. With enough talent, almost any sort of sound can be
created — the larynx is an amazingly flexible organ. This can
be very useful when dealing with voice-keyed security systems
or computers, but only if the practitioner is extremely skillful.

Novice: You can manage a few accents
and do impressions of a couple of well-
known personalities.

Practiced: You can do a range of ac-
cents well enough to fool anyone but a
native speaker, and imitate a range of
celebrities. You can do basic bird calls
and some predatory animal sounds.
Competent: You could do celebrity im-
personations on stage. You can pick up
someone's vocal mannerisms by studying
her for a couple of hours and imitate her
well enough to fool anyone but a close
friend. You can produce many mammal
and bird sounds.

Expert: You can imitate a specific person
well enough to fool someone on the
phone, and pass as a native speaker in an
accent close to your own. You can doa

a

=
|

t
||
Y
-

Chapter One: The Kichamn Traics


wide range of animal and technological
noises.
Master: You can imitate almost any
accent, person, animal or noise.
Possessed by: Hunters, Comedians, Pranksters
Specialties: Accents, Celebrities, Birds and Animals,
Mechanical Sounds, Vocal Impersonation

Scan

You are practiced at noticing small details and changes
in the environment when you purposely look at or listen to
what is going on around you. This Ability can only be used
when you specifically say you are attempting to notice if
anything is amiss. If you aren't concentrating, this Ability
will do you no good.

° Novice: If anyone notices police sirens,

it's you.

Practiced: The police should use your
detective abilities.

Competent: The slightest motion draws
your attention.

Expert: Nothing escapes your glance.
Master: You can count the grains of salt
a pretzel — by taste.
Possessed by: Detectives, Gls, FBI Agents, Bodyguards,
Night Watchmen, Hunters
Specialties: Keeping Watch, Quick Scan, Listening,
Smelling, Assassins

Scrounge

This Talent allows you to procure items through wits,
connections and a little ingenuity. Sometimes the items
aren't brand-new or exactly right, and they may take time to
acquire. Still, such a skill can be invaluable when the petty
cash runs short and theft would involve unpleasant run-ins
with mortal and fae law enforcement.

° Novice: You know where the dump is

and do the occasional garage sale.
Practiced: You're a seasoned flea market
and auction veteran.

Competent: You have connections to ac-
quire lower-end items, such as small-caliber
weapons and minor chimerical artifacts.

Expert: You can acquire larger items,
ranging from chimerical beasts to art to
weapons.

eoece Master: Given time, you could acquire

anything from Queen Mary Elizabeth's petticoat to heavy
weaponry to an original Picasso.

Possessed by: Criminals, Intelligence Operatives, En-
trepreneurs, Sluagh, Nockers, Travelers, Poor Fae, Redcaps

Specialties: Illegal Goods, Vehicles, Services, Art, Tech-
nical Equipment, Chimerical Items

Search

You know how to best go about looking for someone or
something in a small area where you can concentrate your
perceptions. Youcan search for anything froma lost ring in your
bedroom to the assassin who might be hiding in your garden.

° Novice: You are good at finding lost items.

ee Practiced: Tell-tale signs (e.g., broken

plants, footprints) are apparent to you.
Competent: You know where to look.
Expert: Trained professionals defer to
your expertise.

Master: Sherlock Holmes was an amateur
compared to you.

Possessed by: Detectives, Ingenious Servants, Police-
men, Prison Guards

Specialties: Sounds, Woodwork, Small Objects, People,
Concealed Doors

Seduction

You know how to lure, attract and command the atten-
tion of others in a sexual manner. By the way you hold
yourself, how you look at someone and even by the tone of
your voice, you are able to arouse and excite those upon
whom you practice your wiles. Once you have fully seduced
someone, he will be willing to do nearly anything for you.

e Novice: Teenager

ee Practiced: The "older woman"

eee Competent: Heartthrob

eece Expert: Movie star
eevee Master: The envy of vampires everywhere

Possessed by: Thespians, Escorts, Gigolos, Strippers,
Satyrs

Specialties: Witty Conversation, Opening Lines, Innu-
endo, Alluring Looks

Sense Oeception

You have developed the ability to instinctively know
when people are not telling you the truth or aren't telling you
the whole truth. There is a way they look, a tone of voice, a
movement of the eyes — you can't analyze it, but it's always
there, and your instincts rarely let you down.

° Novice: Sometimes you can tell, but
you still get suckered — though more
rarely than the average person does.
Practiced: It takes a bit of skill to pull
the wool over your eyes.

Competent: Anyone who can slip one
past you is a highly skilled con artist.


Scyle

Expert: You could make a living screening
people for security.

Master: People whisper behind your
back, and many are nervous talking to
you. Your ability is almost supernatural.

Possessed by: Bodyguards, Reporters, Interrogators,
Security Personnel, Detectives, Mothers, Judges

Specialties: Interviews, Investigative, Courtroom, Tech-
nical (Polygraphs)

You may not have been born good-looking or possessed
of anatural charm, but you know how to dress and make the
most of your appearance. Even if you are not physically
attractive, heads turn because of your dress sense and style.
Note that this Talent only applies to people's reactions to
your appearance; once you get closer, it's up to you.

Novice: Good taste
Practiced: Socialite
Competent: Celebrity
Expert: Celebrity advisor

Master: International model

Possessed by: Socialites, Celebrities, Fashion Profes-
sionals, Gifted Few

Specialties: Classic, High Fashion, Street Fashion, Retro,
Ethnic, Sidhe Wilders

Vencriloguism

You have the ability to throw your voice, making it
appear to come from somewhere else. This talent can be used
for deception as well as entertainment.

Novice: You could do a ventriloquist
act at a children's party.

Practiced: You could get a gig at a local
amateur vaudeville club. You can make
it seem like someone standing next to
you spoke.

Competent: You could almost make a
living from your talent, with occasional
TV variety shows breaking up the round
of cheap clubs and theaters. You can
make it seem like someone (or some
thing) within five yards of you spoke.
Expert: You could take your act to
Vegas and headline TV specials of your
own. You can make your voice seem to
come from any spot within 30 feet of you.
Master: Young hopefuls bombard you
with questions, and Variety calls you
the savior of a lost vaudeville art. You
can make your voice seem to come from
anywhere within earshot.

>

Mediums

Possessed by: Entertainers, Con Artists, Pranksters,

Specialties: Distance, Clarity, Dummy, Inanimate Ob-

ject (e.g., radio)

Skills

(A\crodatics

You are a trained tumbler and acrobat able to perform
feats of agility far beyond the capabilities of an untrained
character. For each success with this Skill, a character can
ignore one Health Level of falling damage. For example, a
character with two dots in Acrobatics can fall up to 10 feet
without injury or would take only one Health Level of
damage from a 15-foot fall. This skill may be paired with
Dexterity to roll for leaps and other acrobatic feats.

Novice: Grade school gym class
Practiced: High school jock
Competent: College team
Expert: State champion
Master: Olympic gold medalist

Possessed by: Professional Athletes, Jocks, Martial Art-

ists, Dancers

Specialties: Sport, Martial Arts, Dance, Enhanced Jump-

ing/Falling

(Animal Ken

Animals do not behave in the same manner as intelligent
beings, even under similar circumstances. The ability to under-
stand the actions of animals can be quite useful. If you are skilled

in Animal Ken, you not only can predict the actions of animals,

but can also use your knowledge to calm or enrage them.
Animal Ken is also used to train animals.

Novice: Spot and Fluffy will let you pet
them.

Practiced: You can house train a puppy.
Competent: You could train a seeing-
eye dog.

Expert: You could train circus animals.
Master: You could domesticate a wild
animal.

Possessed by: Farmers, Park Rangers, Animal Handlers,
Zoo Keepers, Nature Lovers, Circus Trainers, Dog Handlers

Specialties: Dogs, Cats, Horses, Animal Husbandry,
Wild Animals, Chimerical Beasts

Archery

You know how to fire a bow, and may be able to do so
with great proficiency. This includes target shooting, hunting
and shooting at moving human targets.

Chapter One: The Kichain Traizs

Novice: High school gym practice

27

act:
n ,

X.

|) SCN SARIS:

Ld

= a

Practiced: Forest bow hunter
Competent: Medieval ranger
eeoe Expert: Will usually hit a bull's eye
Master: Robin Hood
Possessed by: Hunters, Hobby Enthusiasts, Competi-
tors, Medieval Recreationists, Beginning Zen Archers

Specialties: Arched Flight, Forests, Target, Hunting,
Kyudo Technique, Crossbows, Primitive Archery, Moving
Targets

Blacksmith

You are skilled in the working of iron, and can make
objects from iron and steel. This includes the crafting of
armor and weapons.

Novice: You can make a horseshoe.
Practiced: You can make wrought-iron
and mild-steel objects.

Competent: You can make different
grades of steel and cast iron to industrial
standards.

Expert: You can pattern-weld different
grades of iron and steel to make a complex
object such as a steel blade.

Master: You can make a blade equal to
any Japanese sword, or any other iron or
steel object you please.

Possessed by: Artisans, Blacksmiths, Swordsmiths, Ar-
morers

Specialties: Wrought Iron, Cast Iron, Blademaking,
Armormaking, Pattern-welding

Bhnd Lighcing

Even when unable to see your foes, you can use your Brawl
or Melee Abilities with a reduced penalty orno penalty. This Skill
may also be of great use out of combat. It should be noted that this
Skill does not grant any actual ability to see better in darkness. For
each dot the character has in this Skill, reduce the difficulty of
performing actions while blind by one. (Naturally, the difficulty
can never be reduced below its unhindered equivalent.)

Novice: Youdon't stub your toe in the dark.
Practiced: You can pinpoint the direction
from which sounds come.

Competent: You can fight and predict
your enemies' locations at the same time.
Expert: Youcan almost "feel" where your
opponents are.

Master: You possess an almost mystical
sense — Zen and the Art of Spatial Aware-
ness.

Possessed by: Ninja, Assassins, Spelunkers, Masters of
Zen Archery

40) The Changeling Diayers Guide

¢, a
A

ait

Specialties: Dodging, Punching, Indoors, Dueling, Mul-
tiple Foes

Breunng

You are skilled in the manufacture of alcohol and alco-
holic beverages. You are familiar with the equipment used in
brewing and distilling, and can maintain, operate and repair
such equipment.

° Novice: Brew-kit user; the beer foams,

and the wine doesn't turn to vinegar.
Practiced: Home-wine maker; the party-
goers will drink it.

Competent: Moonshiner; your friends
appreciate your gifts.

Expert: Commercial wine maker; the
satyrs sing your praises.

Master: Chateau of repute; your drink is
served at the High King's table.

Possessed by: Hobbyists, Vintners, Boggans, Satyrs

Specialties: Wine, Beer, Spirits, Industrial Alcohol,
Mead

Camouflage

You can change your appearance through a mixture of
clothing, makeup and movement, rendering you difficult to
spot in a variety of different surroundings. This is not the
ability to look like someone else, but simply to hide.

° Novice: Boy Scout

ee Practiced: Infantry trooper

eee Competent: Marine
cece Expert: Special Forces
Master: Ninja

Possessed by: Hunters, Military Personnel, Spies, As-
sassins, Poachers

Specialties: Woods, Mountains, Urban, Open Country,
Arctic

Carpencry

You are a competent woodworker, able to craft a variety
of objects from wood.

° Novice: Amateur handyman

ee Practiced: Professional handyman

eee Competent: Professional carpenter

cece Expert: Forman or joinerand cabinetmaker

eocce Master: You could have your own TV show
Possessed by: Boggans, Nockers, Carpenters, Furniture

Makers, Handymen

Specialties: Construction, Furniture, Repairs


Climoding

You can climb mountains and/or walls and seldom have
any fear of falling. The technical skills of chimneying, spike-
setting and rappelling are all well-known to you, although,
depending on your skill, you may be good or indifferent at
them. Remember, mountain climbing at night is far more
difficult than a daylight climb unless you can see in the dark.

Novice: You can scale gentle slopes or
walls with handholds.

Practiced: You go on mountaineering
vacations. You can climb heavily weath-
ered stone or brick walls.

Competent: You work asa mountaineering
instructor. Youcanclimb moderately rough
stone and brick walls.

Expert: You've done at least a couple of
famous peaks. You can free-climb a fairly
smooth stone or brick wall.

Master: Everest and K2 are mild hikes. You
could free-climb the World Trade Center.

Possessed by: Mountaineers, Burglars, Enthusiasts

Specialties: Cliffs, Hiking, Ice, Buildings, Free-climb-
ing, Rappelling

Cooking/ Baking

You know how to prepare a variety of meals and present
them in an appealing manner. Cooking is a matter of pride
among many boggans.

Novice: You don't burn the cookies.
Practiced: You have anumber of specialties.
Competent: You could be a professional chef.
Expert: You could publish a cookbook.
Master: You could have your own TV
show, or become a chef in the finest
restaurants.

Possessed by: Housewives or -husbands, Chefs, Gour-
mets, Boggans, Stewards

Specialties: French, Italian, Chinese, Cajun, Chow,
Indian, Bread, Desserts, Pastries

Otsguise
4

You can change your appearance
yourself look like another specific person — through the use
of clothes and makeup.

and even make

Novice: Good enough to fool someone
who knows neither you nor the person
you're impersonating.

Practiced: Good enough to fool some of
the people some of the time.
Competent: Good enough to fool some of
the people most of the time.

&
SS

Expert: Good enough to fool most of the
people most of the time.
Master: Good enough to fool those nearest
and dearest to you most of the time.
Possessed by: Actors, Spies, Undercover Cops, Crimi-
nals, Con Artists
Specialties: Specific Person, Type of Person, Conceal
Identity

Oancing

You are a proficient dancer, and may perform socially or
for the entertainment of others. You are familiar with most
varieties of dance, but specialize in one particular style.

° Novice: Youcan manage a waltzata wedding.

ee Practiced: You draw envious glances at

weddings. You could perform on the local
amateur stage.

Competent: You are the talk of the ball.
You could perform on the local profes-
sional stage.

Expert: People ask you to teach them.
You could perform on TV.

eecce Master: Nijinsky, Fonteyn, Nureyev,
Baryshnikov, Astaire, Rogers, Kelly — and you.

Possessed by: Socialites, Pop Stars, Music Video Danc-
ers, Ballet Dancers, Enthusiasts, Broadway Musical Choristers

Specialties: Waltz, Jazz, Two-step, Fox-trot, Disco, Latin,
Show, Ballet, Ethnic, Tribal, Ecstatic, Modern, Ballroom

Cscapology

You are skilled in various techniques that enable you to
escape from bonds and restraints. This Skill is often used for
entertainment, but can also be useful in real life.

e Novice: Children's party entertainer; can

escape from loose or poorly-tied bonds.
Practiced: Amateur entertainer; can es-
cape from fairly well-tied bonds.
Competent: Professional entertainer; can
escape from handcuffs and chains.

cece Expert: Star; can escape from astraitjacket.
eovce Master: Legend; Houdini and you

Possessed by: Entertainers, Spies, Special Forces, Ama-
teurs, Pulp Detectives

Specialties: Magic Tricks, Ropes, Boxes, Locks, Under-
water, Handcuffs, Showmanship, Arm Locks and Holds

Lalconry
Falconry has become increasingly popular among the
sidhe nobility, using both real and chimerical falcons.

e Novice: The bird comes back —sometimes.


Practiced: You can do small displays at
Renaissance fairs.
Competent: You perform many profes -
sional exhibitions.
Expert: You are respected among the
nobility for your skill.
Master: You could be among the High
King's entourage.
Possessed by: Professional Falconers, Sidhe Nobles,
Courtiers
Specialties: Display, Hunting, History, Exotic Birds
(e.g., harpy)

[-ast-Oraui

This skill allows you to make a weapon ready almost
instantly. By rolling Dexterity + Fast-Draw and getting three
successes, you can draw a weapon and have it ready for use just
as if it had been in your hand all along. The difficulty depends
on how securely stowed the weapon was — a gun hidden in
your underwear is harder to reach than one in a belt holster.
This skill can be used with any weapon. When appropriate,
the Fast-Draw score can be added to your Initiative roll.

Novice: You have good reflexes.
Practiced: You're good, but not great.
Competent: You would have lasted a
little while in the Old West. You could
work Wild West shows. You are known
among those who follow duels.

Expert: Pretty fast. Your enemies are wary
of your speed in drawing your ebon blade.
Master: Greased lightning. Youmight have
been able to take down Billy the Kid.

Possessed by: Knife-fighters, Gunfighters, Martial Art-
ists, Cops, Special Forces, Vigilantes, Knights

Specialties: Knife, Pistol, Sword, Arrow, Rifle/Shotgun

Lasc- Talk

This Skill allows you to convince someone of something
using a sincere expression and an avalanche of words rather than
reasoned debate and logic. It'sa surprisingly effective technique,
provided that the mark has no time to think and does not have
a Wits rating of 4 or more. The Storyteller should carefully judge
whether this Skill is appropriate in a given situation, or whether
it would be better to use some other Ability.

Novice: Vacuum-cleaner salesman

Practiced: Used-car salesman

Competent: Professional con artist
ecce Expert: Teflon-coated politician
eecece Master: You could sell sand to the Saudis.

Possessed by: Salesmen, Con Artists, Politicians,
Televangelists, Pooka

Specialties: Sell, Confuse, Get-off-the-hook, Convince

The Changeling Diayers Guide

> > Ww ae

&-

as


aa

Lirse Aid
This Skill allows a character to give basic medical
attention to another character. It is not as comprehensive an
Ability as the Medicine Knowledge, but it does allow for a
basic grasp of all the practices of first aid, and, at higher levels,
techniques known to paramedics.
Novice: Mother of small children
Practiced: Boy Scout
Competent: Office safety representative
cove Expert: School nurse
eocece Master: Paramedic
Possessed by: Mothers, Boy Scouts, Paramedics, Ex-
plorers, Outdoors Types, Boggans
Specialties: CPR, Broken Bones, Artificial Respiration,
Diagnosis, Terminology, Patch-up

Gamdling

You are adept at one or more games of chance, and can

play without too much risk of losing heavily. You can also

increase your chances of winning without actually cheating.
Novice: Saturday night poker with the boys.
Practiced: A couple of weeks in Vegas
each year.
Competent: You are known in Vegas,
Reno and Atlantic City.
Expert: You make a living from this. Your
mother despairs.
Master: You have to be careful not to tell
people your name.
Possessed by: Professional Gamblers, Amateur Gam-
blers
Specialties: Card Games, Dice, Roulette, One-Armed
Bandits

Game Dlaying

This Skill covers games of strategy and skill such as chess,
vo, xiang qui, hnefatafl and so on. It does not cover cards
games (see Gambling), or simple games like tic-tac-toe,
which rely largely on luck. Human chess games, in which
enchanted humans are ordered to move about a large board,
are quite popular among the nobility (especially the Unseelie
Court).

Novice: You can beat your older sister.
Practiced: You could get ona school team.
Competent: You could get onacollege team.
eece Expert: You can beat most computers.
eevee Master: You are one of the masters.
Possessed by: Enthusiasts, Nobility
Specialties: Chess, Go, Risk, Mah Jong, 3D Chess

ANON OAS
MPA RAR?

<>

Gunsmithing

You can repair firearms and produce ammunition for a
variety of different guns. At high levels of skill, you can
construct specialty ammunition, such as caseless, hollow-
point, mercury-tipped or silver bullets. Given the time and
the tools (and enough skill), you can build a gun from scratch
— perhaps even one of your own design.

° Novice: Black powderand paper cartridges

ee Practiced: Cased standard ammunition

ainsi Competent: Magnum rounds

cece Expert: Caseless and hollow-point rounds
eccce Master: You name it.

Possessed by: Gun Nuts, Survivalists, Cops, Serial
Killers, Nocker Weaponsmiths

Specialties: Black Powder Weapons, Field Repair, In-
vention, Magnum and Supercharged Ammunition, Specialty
Ammunition

Dancing

You are skilled at finding and killing animals for food or
sport. In familiar terrain, you are able to predict the type,
number and likely location of food animals and know the best
ways to find and kill them.

° Novice: Weekender

ee Practiced: Enthusiast or Trooper

eee Competent: Survivalist or Marine

eece Expert: Special Forces
eecce Master: You give pointers to werewolves.

Possessed by: Survivalists, Military Personnel, Pre-
Industrial Societies, Outdoor Types

Specialties: Temperate Forest, Jungle, Bush/Scrub,
Mountain, Coast, Arctic, Desert

Aypnozism

You can place a subject into a trance and use hypnotism to
gather information or treat psychiatric problems. To place a
willing subject into a trance, make an opposed roll of your
Charisma + Hypnotism against the subject's Intelligence. (Foran
unwilling subject who is immobilized to comply, use Intelligence
+ Willpower). The number of successes indicates the depth of the
trance and can be added to your Hypnotism to roll for the success
of tasks. For example, a hypnotist with Charisma 4 and Hypno-
tism 4 hypnotizes a willing subject with Intelligence 5. The
hypnotist rolls five successes and the subject rolls 2 — a total of
three successes in the hypnotist's favor, indicating a fairly deep
trance. The hypnotist can now roll seven dice (three successes
plus four dice from Hypnotism 4) to probe the subject's mind.

e Novice: You doit to entertain occasionally.

ee Practiced: You are a skilled amateur.

Competent: Youcan find some interesting
secrets; you can do this as part of your
profession.

Chapcer One: The Kicham Traics 43


Expert: You can dig very deep.
Master: You can discover secrets from a
subject's Past Lives.
Possessed by: Theurges, Entertainers, Holistic Healers,
New-Agers, Police Specialists, Psychiatrists
Specialties: Interrogation, Past-Life Regression, Hyp-
notherapy, Behavior Modification

Jeweler
You are able to produce salable pieces of jewelry as well
as appraise jewelry. Youcan determine the approximate value
of most jewelry by quick appraisal, but it is easy to make a
mistake without in-depth examination.
Novice: Youcan tell diamonds from emeralds.
Practiced: You can make simple pieces of
jewelry.
Competent: Youcan craft delicate works.
oece Expert: Your works are widely sought.

eecce Master: Cartier, Tiffany, Faberge —and you.
Possessed by: Nocker Craftspeople, Jewelers, Counter-
feiters, Pawn Shop Owners
Specialties: Gold, Gems, Antique, Crystal, Silver, Ap-

praisal

Leacherworking

You are able to produce serviceable items of leather,
either for sale or for your own use.
Novice: You work from craft kits.
Practiced: You make gifts for friends.
Competent: You sell your wares at local
stores.
eoce Expert: People ask for your work by name.
eccce Master: Yourpicture appears in magazine ads.
Possessed by: Artisans, Survivalists, Boggans,
Armorsmiths

Specialties: Clothing, Riding Tack, Armor, Utensils

Lockpicking

Youare able to open locks without the correct keys or right
combinations. Though this Skill is certainly becoming more
and more obsolete with all the new security devices in use, there
are enough locks still around to make it worthwhile.

Novice: Simple mortise locks
Practiced: Cylinder locks and basic security
locks
Competent: Advanced security locks
cece Expert: Safes
eocee Master: Fort Knox
Possessed by: Burglars, Safecrackers, Locksmiths, Court Spies
Specialties: Key-Operated Locks, Combination Locks,
Mag-Card Locks, Alarm Systems

The Changeling Diayers Guide

(Dechanic

You are a jack-of-all-trades with a particular affinity for
mechanical devices, and can jerry-rig or repair just about
anything mechanical, given the right tools and materials.

Novice: You can fix a broken doorknob.
Practiced: You can fix a lawnmower.
Competent: You can fix a car.

Expert: You can fix a high-performance
car or rebuild an engine.

Master: You can fix, build or improve
almost anything.

Possessed by: Nockers, Mechanics, Car Nuts, Hobby-
ists, Inventors

Specialties: Electrical, Cars, Inventions

Dickpocket

You are able to remove objects from someone else's
clothing or body without the person's knowledge, even if the
object in question is inside a pocket.

Novice: Youcanslipadagger froma sheath.
Practiced: You can take the coins from
inside a purse.

Competent: Youcan remove the entire purse.
Expert: You can remove a necklace from
a princess.

Master: Youcanstealaring from the High
King's finger.

Possessed by: Petty Thieves, Vagabonds, Gentleman
Thieves, Childling Pooka

Specialties: Pockets, Watches, Purses, Jewelry

Piloc

You can operate a flying machine. Note that your skill
limits the types of aircraft you can fly. A glider pilot (one dot)
cannot fly a helicopter (requiring four dots).

e Novice: Club member; hang gliders only

ee Practiced: Club champion; gliders and
small aircraft only
Competent: Professional or club instruc-
tor; commercial pilot's license
Expert: Military or display pilot; helicop-

any type of commercial aircraft
Master: Top Gun
Possessed by: Enthusiasts, Pilots, Military, Police

Specialties: Night Flying, Thermals, Dogfights, Long
Distances, Takeoffs and Landings, Gliders, Helicopters, Light
Planes, Corporate Jets, Commercial/Transport Jets, Fighter
Jets, Vintage Planes, Autogyros, Blimps, Balloons, Hang
Gliders, Microlights


Dsychoanalysis

Youare skilled in diagnosing and treating mental ailments

without resorting to the use of behavior-altering drugs. During
asession of analysis, you may roll Intelligence + Psychoanalysis
(difficulty of the subject's Intelligence + 3). Keep track of your
net successes; the Storyteller will decide how many successes
are necessary to remedy an illness. Even Freud couldn't cure
people in a single session, so be patient! Note that it is possible
to treat an unwilling patient this way, although the difficulty of
so doing is equal to the subject's Willpower + 3.
Novice: A shoulder to cry on
Practiced: Volunteer counselor
Competent: Professional counselor
eece Expert: Qualified psychoanalyst
eoece Master: Freud
Possessed by: Psychoanalysts, Holistic Healers, Good
Listeners, Counselors, Parents, Teachers, Clergy
Specialties: Freudian, Jungian, Humanist, Ericksonian,
Holistic, Wiccan, Childhood, Psychosis, Neurosis, Self, Sym-
pathy, Terminology, Research

Ride

You can climb onto a riding animal and stand a good chance
of getting where you want to go without falling off, being thrown
or having' anything else unpleasant happen to you. When at-

tempting something difficult, or when danger threatens the
Storyteller may require a Dexterity + Ride roll to avoid trouble.
This Skill can also be combined with Mental Attributes to reflect
your working knowledge of the relevant trappings and equipment.
° Novice: Pony club member; dude ranch
vacations
Practiced: Pony club champion; week
end cowboy
Competent: Pony club instructor; profes
sional cowboy
eoee Expert: Showjumping champion; rodeo star
eecce Master: Stunt rider
Possessed by: Enthusiasts, Cowboys, Stunt Riders, Pre-
Industrial Societies
Specialties: Bareback, Horse, Mule, Camel, Elephant,
Galloping, Tricks, No Hands, Chimerical Beasts

Singing
You can sing over a wide range and use a variety of styles
and techniques. Singing is an extremely lucrative and popu-
lar Skill in the modern age. Though most singers are amateurs,
some make enormous amounts of money.
° Novice: You stand out when the family
gathers around the piano.


Practiced: You could get lead roles with
local amateur societies or become a lead
singer for a garage band.
Competent: You could get a choral part
on the professional stage or get a record
ing contract.
Expert: You could get a lead on Broadway
or a record on the charts.
Master: They'll be playing your CDs 20
years from now.

Possessed by: Rock Musicians, Pop Stars, Opera Sing-

ers, Drunks, Troubadours

Specialties: Opera, Pop, Ritual, Rock, Musicals

Sleighc-of-Nand

The quickness of your hands can deceive the eyes of others.
You can perform magic tricks and other feats of legerdemain.
° Novice: You perform card tricks for
friends.
Practiced: You could perform at children's
parties.
Competent: You could be a court magician.
Expert: You could be on TV.

Master: Youarea legend in your own time.

Possessed by: Stage Magicians, Thieves, Court Magi-
cians, Tricksters

Specialties: Produce Item, Conceal Item

Storytelling

Youare skilled in the art of telling a story in an entertain-

ing manner, whether for pastime or profit. People enjoy
listening to you, and you have a gift for using words in an
evocative manner for an appreciative crowd.
e Novice: You remember the punchlines
to jokes and can relate anecdotes.
Practiced: Typical campfire and urban
legend fare, but you're always asked for them.
Competent: You're frequently asked to
tell storiesand some people even leave tips.
Expert: You're in demand and have
entertained large crowds.
Master: Youcan keep an audience spell-
bound for as long as your voice holds out.
Possessed by: Troubadours, Eshu, Bards, Travelers,
Storytellers, Jesters, Heralds, Grumps

Specialties: Ballads, Epics, Folk Tales, Anecdotes, Jokes

Summing

You can keep yourself afloat at the very least. Normal swim-
ming speed is eight yards (plus Dexterity) a turn. A swimmer can


Weapon

barely alive.

ellation

oe

increase his speed to 12 yards (plus Dexterity) ifhe is doing nothing
else that turn. With Swimming Skill, a character can try to swim
faster than normal; roll Stamina + Swimming, difficulty 7, and add
three yards to your swimming speed per success (one roll per turn).

almost anyone else

‘Torture

You know how to inflict pain. Your ability is so precise

Novice: You can swim.

Practiced: You can swim fast, or for ex-
tended periods.

Competent: Instructor/Lifeguard
Expert: Swim team

Master: Olympic gold

Possessed by: Athletes, Lifeguards, Scuba Divers and

Specialties: Racing, Distance, Sea, Survival, Lifesaving

Throwing

You know how to throw things in general, and are familiar
with many specific thrown weapons, from spears, knives and
hatchets to baseballs, footballs (yes, if thrown hard enough,
both make fine weapons) and the traditional boulders.

Novice: You usually hit the dart board.
Practiced: High school pitcher
Competent: You are the neighborhood
master of snowball fights.

Expert: Regional darts champion, you
have your choice of prizes at the carnival.
Master: Greg Maddux

Possessed by: Hobbyists, Athletes, Warriors
Specialties: Target, Hunting, Moving Targets, By

as to be ascience. You are capable of interrogating prisoners
through torture and prolonging their suffering, keeping them

Novice: You know how to hurt people in
different ways.

Practiced: You are good at causing ex-
treme pain and can keep someone alive
for interrogation purposes.

Competent: You are equal to a military
torturer. Youcan create extremes of pain that
most people have never experienced.
Expert: You are equal to a professional
torturér. You are able to gewalmost any
information you want out of your subject:
Master: You are anmmartist, a. virtuoso of
pain and suffering.

Possessed by: Military Interrogators, Prison Guards,
Unseelie Redcaps, Members of the Shadow Court

Specialties: Exotic Methods, Prolonging Life, Pain, Flag-

‘Tracking

You can identify the trail of an animal or person and
follow it under most conditions. The difficulty of such a feat
varies according to the conditions — following fresh tracks in
deep snow is easier than following week-old tracks across a
concrete sidewalk.

° Novice: Boy Scout

ee Practiced: Eagle Scout

eee Competent: Hunter

eece Expert: Native American guide
eooce Master: You have contests with

werewolves — and occasionally win.
Possessed by: Hunters, Survivalists, Special Forces,
Detectives

Specialties: Wolf, Deer, Rock, Urban, Identification

‘Traps

You know how to set various types of traps according to
the type of game you want to catch.

° Novice: Boy Scout

oe Practiced: Weekend survivalist

ooo Competent: Outdoorsman

se Expert: Mountain man

eevee Master: "Well done! And thought drag-

ons were extinct..."
Possessed by: Trappers, Special Forces, Inhabitants of
Remote Places

Specialties: Specific Species, Deadfalls, Pits

Knowledges
Alchemy

You are familiar with the writings of the classical and
medieval alchemists, and you also have some practical expe-
rience. This Ability is indirectly related to the Knowledge of
Chemistry, in a manner similar to the relationship between
Astronomy and Astrology. You can interpret alchemical
texts, and you understand the various symbols and ciphers
used by the alchemists, even when you find them in a non-
alchemical context.

e Novice: A mere dabbler

ee Practiced: Apprentice; probably still
dependent on a master for instruction

ooo Competent: Journeyman; capable of making
your OWn way, but with a long road left to
travel

eoee Expert? Experiencedialchemist; within

reach of the greatest secrets
eocce Master: One of the true practitioners of
the craft

Chapcer One: The Kichan Traizs 47


Possessed by: Occultists, Scholars, some Scientists
Specialties: Transmutation, Cosmology, Lapis
Philosophorum

"(Rea Knowledge

You are familiar with an area — its landscape, history,
inhabitants and mortal politics. This Knowledge will also
provide a basic "who's who" for the areas around a freehold.
You must determine the area that you have knowledge of at
the time you take this Ability.

Novice: You know a fair amount for an

outsider.

Practiced: You may have lived there fora
year or two.

Competent: You may have lived there for
five tol0 years.

Expert: You're native born, and never left.
Master: You know every stone, stream or
building in the area.

Possessed by: Vigilantes, Cops, Long-Time Residents

Specialties: History, Geography, Wildlife, Enemies,
Politics, Transportation, Law, Customs

Ascrology

You know how to compile and interpret a horoscope.
Given the date and time (and, according to some systems, the
place) of a person's birth, you can construct a personality
profile and a set of predictions about the likely course of his
life. Whether you actually believe these revelations is a
matter of personal taste, but you can present them in a
convincing and pleasing manner to those who do believe.
This Knowledge does not confer any type of magical ability.

Novice: You merely dabble.

Practiced: Friends ask you to make horo
scopes for them.

Competent: You could run a small astrol
ogy business.

Expert: Youcould have asyndicated news
paper column.

Master: You could work for celebrities
and politicians.

Possessed by: Astrologers, Amateurs, Mystics, New-
Agers, Old Hippies

Specialties: The Zodiac, Ming Shu, Zu Wei

Computer Nacking

You must have at least two dots in Computer before purchasing
this Knowledge. Hacking allows the computer user to break the rules.

It is not a programming skill — that requires the Computer Knowl-
edge. Hacking represents an imaginative faculty above and beyond the
use of the programming codes. In the binary computer world of yes/no,
hacking represents the little bit of genius that says, "Well... maybe."

The Changeling Diayers Guide

Hacking is used instead of the Computer Knowledge when
you are breaking into other computer systems or trying to manipu-
latedatain "real time." The Computer Ability isusedforprogramming
and other miscellaneous tasks. Hacking is used most often as a
complementary Ability to Computer, but it can aid programming
by allowing you to work faster or to crack military codes that a
normal programmer would not even be able to figure out.

° Novice: You are a computer geek who
knows a few tricks, such as changing your
grades in the university computer network.
Practiced: You have great "luck" in guessing
computer passwords.

Competent: You thought your electric
bill was too high last month, but you can
fix that with a few keystrokes.

Expert: Now that you have cracked the
bank codes, which is it: Rio or Bermuda?
Master: The European Community was
pretty annoyed about that thermonuclear
incident, but you know they can never
trace it back to you.

Possessed by: Computer Geeks, CIA Operatives

Specialties: Viruses, Data Retrieval, Networking, Tele-
communications

Cryptography

You may skillfully compose and interpret codes and ciphers.
Youcan construct a code that can only be cracked by someone who
scores as many successes as you have dots in this Knowledge. You
can also crack a code, rolling your Knowledge against a difficulty
assigned by the Storyteller depending on the code's complexity.

° Novice: Grade-school spy fan

ee Practiced: Word puzzle buff, military

signals officer

eee Competent: Intelligence officer

eevee Expert: Intelligence cipher specialist
Master: The Shadow
Possessed by: Spies, Puzzle Buffs, Military Signals Personnel

Specialties: Letter Shifts, Mathematical Encryption,
Obscure Character Sets

Deraldey

This is the knowledge to recognize standards and coats of
arms, as well as the meaning attached to them. This extends to
historic coats of arms, guild seals and Japanese mon, among
others. You can design new seals and coats of arms that heraldic
authorities would find acceptable. Successful recognition of a
heraldic device automatically imparts a small degree of infor-
mation about the family or organization it represents.

e Novice: Amateur

ee Practiced: Enthusiast, historian or irregular

court attendant


Competent: Grad student, genealogist or
regular court attendant
coco Expert: Professor or junior herald
eecce Master: Research fellow or king of arms
Possessed by: Enthusiasts, Historians, Genealogists,
Court Members, Heralds
Specialties: By Period, By Nation, Seelie, Unseelie,
Modern, Mercantile

Nerdalism

You have a working knowledge of herbs and their properties,
medicinal and otherwise. Youcan find and prepare herbs, and know
which herb or blend of herbs to use in any situation. This skill will
also provide knowledge of the magical lore of plants.

Novice: Read a book on it once
Practiced: Serious student
Competent: Local supplier

oeee Expert: Author of books on herbalism
Master: Herbal doctor

Possessed by: Holistic Healers, New-Agers, Wise
Women, Members of Traditional Cultures, Boggans

Specialties: Culinary, Medicinal, Poisonous, Narcotics,
Hallucinogens, Spirit

Piscory

You've studied the history of a specific area or period, and you
understand what happened, when and why, and who was involved.
Youalso have a fair idea of social, political, economic and techno-
logical conditions in various past times and places. Note that in the
case of ancient changelings, this Knowledge relates only to times
and places that are outside their direct experience. For instance, a
changeling born in Victorian London would rely on memory for
knowledge of English history and culture, but would use History to
uncover information about classical Greece, which was before his
time, or about Czarist Russia, which was outside his experience.

Novice: Amateur or high school
Practiced: Enthusiast or college student

Competent: Grad student or author
eevee Expert: Professor
eocce Master: Research fellow

Possessed by: Enthusiasts, Scholars, Mentors
Specialties: Political, Intellectual, Social, Economic,
Technological, Classical, Medieval, Renaissance, Modern,

Europe, Americas, Asia, Africa, Australia

Lice RGCURC

You are familiar with the literature of one or more nations
or historical periods, and know something of the general style

and structure of literature — the things that set literature apart
from mere fiction or entertainment. You can usually find a witty

or appropriate quote, or identify a quotation if you see one.

Novice: High school

Practiced: College student

Competent: Grad student or critic
eoce Expert: Professional or recognized author
Master: Celebrated author

Possessed by: Scholars, Authors, Critics

Specialties: The Novel, Poetry, Drama, English, Ameri-
can, European, Classical, Medieval, Asian, Short Story,
Genre

Lo RC

You're familiar with the subcultures of the World of
Darkness — the scoop on vampires, werewolves, mages,
wraiths and your own kind. Each type of Lore must be
purchased as a separate Knowledge; accurate dirt on the
Camarilla won't tell you anything about the halls of Arcadia.

Much of your information will be secondhand, and thus
suspect. It bears noting that the different "players" in the world-
behind-the-scenes often have wildly inaccurate perceptions of
each other. A changeling meeting a vampire won't immedi-
ately ask, "What clan are you, and where's your prince?"

This kind of knowledge will not be easy to come by —
werewolves don't pass their secrets on to caern-robbers — and
some knowledge can be actively harmful, especially Wyrm
Lore. There really are some things Man was not meant to know!

° Novice: You've hearda few dubious tales.

ee Practiced: You knowa few accurate facts.

Competent: You're familiar enough to hold
an intelligent conversation.

Expert: You know a few things they'd
rather you didn't.

Master: You know your subjects better
than they know themselves. This can
become a real problem!

Possessed by: Sages, Taletellers, Research Assistants,
Spies, Eshu, Sluagh

Varieties: (Each one bought separately) Seelie, Unseelie,
Forbidden Secrets, Garou, Ghosts, Kindred, Sabbat, Tech-
nocracy, Mage, Wyrm, Spirit

Poisons

You have a working knowledge of poisons, their effects
and antidotes. Youcan analyze poison to tell its origin, and can
prepare a poison or antidote given time and equipment. You
must haveat least one dot in Science toacquire this Knowledge.

Novice: Dabbler

Practiced: Detective, mystery reader
Competent: Pharmacist, mystery writer
Expert: Forensic scientist, emergency-
room doctor

Master: Assassin

Chapter One: The Kichain Trarcs


Possessed by: Mystery Buffs, Detectives, Pharmacists,
Medics, Assassins, Unseelie, Nobles

Specialties: Venoms, Chemical Poisons, Plant-Based
Poisons, Analysis, Antidotes, Instant Poisons, Slow-Build
Poisons, Undetectable Poisons, Magical Poisons

Psychology

You have a formal education in the science of human
nature. You know the modern theories of emotion, cognitive
development, personality, perception and learning. Though
this is largely a scholarly understanding of the human psyche,
it can be used practically to understand those around you.

Novice: High school
Practiced: College student
Competent: Grad student

ecco Expert: Professor

eocce Master: Theorist

Possessed by: Teachers, Researchers, Scientists, Coun-
selors, Psychologists

Specialties: Behaviorism, Freudian, Jungian, Humanist,
Developmental, Experimental, Animals

Science Specialaies
The subtleties of science are many and varied, especially for
those who employ them. Characters who specialize in one type of
science (Biology, Mathematics, Engineering, Cybernetics, etc.)
more than others should simply take that Science as a separate
Knowledge with specific applications outside of the more general
body of knowledge that is represented by the Science Trait.
e Novice: A basic understanding of the
concepts involved.
Practiced: A working knowledge of the
subject.
Competent: Good enough to bend the
rules without breaking them.
Expert: Extensive and esoteric theories.
Master: You know so much that you can
prove anything you want within your
chosen field.
Possessed by: Scientists, Research Technicians
Varieties: Astronomy, Biology, Genetics, Mathemat-
ics, Cybernetics, Metallurgy, Meteorology Virology, Any
other type of specific Science

Sign Language

Sign Language can be bought asa level in Linguistics. Not

all sign languages are the same. You must declare each language
separately. Ninja, deaf people, spies and societies like the
Freemasons all have their own separate hand codes. These must
generally be taught by amember of aselect group; obtaining this
training may range from easy to nearly impossible.


Taxidermy

You can take an animal apart and preserve all the bits
and pieces, not just the skins and heads. Your deerskins won't
rot, and your raven claws won't smell funny. Moreover, you
can make sure newts' eyes will stay fresh for years.

° Novice: The newts should freeze well.

ee Practiced: Nobody will buy from you, but

you should be able to cure a pelt or prop
erly preserve a snake in formaldehyde.
Competent: Relatives who like animal
heads nailed to their walls appreciate
your presents. Others find your hobby
distasteful because the animals don't look
dead anymore. Of course, they don't look
alive either.

Expert: You could get a job at the natural
history museum. Old ladies who want
their Chihuahuas stuffed come to you,
and your frog toes are as fresh as the day you
got them.

Master: You probably embalmed the pha-
raohs ina past life. Your work looks like
it's going to get up and run off at any
moment.

Possessed by: Morticians, Hunters, Furriers, Serial Kill-
ers, High School Science Teachers, Unseelie

Specialties: Tanning, Embalming, Preserving, Trophies,
Techniques of Frankenstein, Victims

Theology

Religion isa familiar aspect of human endeavor, and you

fully understand its place in the world. At higher levels, this
Knowledge imparts an appreciation of all religious beliefs,
while individuals with less skill tend to view their own beliefs
as intrinsically superior to any others. This, of course, varies
with the individual. Possession of this Knowledge in no way
requires personal belief in the tenets of any specific religion.
Novice: Participant
Practiced: Altar boy
Competent: Priest
eooe Expert: Professor
eecce Master: Theologian
Possessed by: Missionaries, Clergy, Religious Orders,
Laity, Theologians
Specialties: Women's Theology (often called Theaology),
Comparative, Liberation, Agnosticism, Christian, Buddhist,
Judaism, Islam, Wicca, Scripture, Rituals, Hinduism


New Legacies

The following new Legacies may be added to those in the
Changeling rulebook, if desired.

Cuests and Bans

Listed beneath each Legacy's description is the Quest and
Ban of that Legacy. The Quest describes what you must do to
regain Willpower. The Storyteller may wish to add additional
Willpower points if the way you play your character reflects
both your primary and secondary Legacies in a particularly
convincing way (Storyteller's option). Your Legacy's Ban is just
a roleplaying guide; although your Storyteller may wish to
enforce it in your game, it's intended as a guideline rather than
law. Your Storyteller may also wish to take Bans into account
while handing out Willpower to characters who consistently
violate their Bans. Loss of Willpower is a way of punishing those
who routinely violate their Bans, but should only be used in the
most extreme cases. You may also wish to consider the Ban of
your secondary Legacy while playing your character: how it
affects your primary Quest and Ban, though the secondary may
not override the primary.

Characters who ignore their Quests and Bans may be
affected in other ways than the loss of Willpower. The Dreaming
and its denizens are reflections of the dreams, imaginations and
fundamental natures of all the dreamers who live in the World

of Darkness. Despite its fanciful appearance, the Dreaming is in
many ways more real and fundamental than the "reality" per-
ceived by everyday people. Changelings are more in tune with
the Dreaming than any other race, and the Dreaming sees
through all their masks to their true natures. Legacies are not
merely psychological profiles, but are indicative of changelings'
archetypal connection with the Dreaming. Kithain who reject
their true natures are behaving in a manner counter to the
nature of the Dreaming, and the Dreamrealms may exact a toll
from those who violate the truth of their own existence. This toll
may take the form of strange or hostile reactions from chimera,
subtle changes in the changeling's faerie seeming, or in the
distortion of the changeling's perception of the Dreaming.
The tolls exacted by the Dreaming are almost infinite in
variation, but usually subtle in their effect. Every changeling has
her own personal relationship with the Dreaming. The Dream
Lands, in return, react differently to each changeling. The
Storyteller may use his discretion when creating the Dreaming's
response to a character's violation of her Ban, but it should be
consistent with the character's Legacy. For example a Prankster
or Bogle who consistently fails to play pranks may find that the
Dreaming plays pranks on him. A Knight who fails to live up to
the knightly virtues may find his faerie seeming tarnished, thereby
allowing others to see that he is a false knight. Extreme penalties
may include a Fop who consistently fails to "make the scene"
finding chimera appearing at his old haunts disguised as him, or
a Philanthropist who brings ill to others by her very presence.


Seehie Legacies

Arcadian

Your fae side far outweighs your human side. You invari-
ably follow your faerie nature, showing little interest in
maintaining human pastimes. You may view humansas inferior
or merely less interesting than Kithain, but you do not take
them into consideration most of the time. You neglect the
human aspects of your life, and thus have less and less to hold
you to the world of humanity (you have few human friends,
cannot hold a job, etc.). In some ways your faerie side is an
addiction, and you are ill at ease while in your human seeming.
You spend most of your time in freeholds or the Dreaming, and
are a prime candidate for Bedlam. Despite the disadvantages
that your Legacy sometimes incurs, it reflects all that is best in
the Seelie Court, and you remain close to your fae nature.

Quest: Regain Willpower every time you learn some-
thing new about your fae nature.

Ban: Never stay in your human seeming for too long.

Aspirant

Life is a learning experience, and you always strive to
improve yourself. Every obstacle is a potential opportunity,
and you rarely rest on the laurels of past accomplishments for
very long. This means that you spend most of your time
pursuing different goals. Unlike the Virtuoso (see below),
your aspirations tend towards obtaining general excellence
rather than mastering one particular field. You view the
pursuit of a goal to be just as important as obtaining it.

Quest: Gain Willpower every time you overcome an
obstacle.

Ban: Never pass up a learning opportunity.

Comrade

You value friendship above all other things and strive to
prove yourself worthy of other people's trust. Other values
may be important to you, but you place your personal connec-
tions above all other considerations. You are willing to face
almost any danger to aid friends in need, even if they do not
always do the same in return.

Quest: Gain Willpower every time you aid a friend by
risking your own interests.

Ban: Never terminate a friendship, even after your
friend has violated your trust.

Gadfly

Someone has to keep the powers-that-be honest. It might
as well be you. No one is 100-percent right, and you always take
great pleasure in pointing this out to everyone. Unlike the
Humbug (see below), you generally mean for your criticism to

be helpful, though some still find it annoying. You especially
criticize those in positions of power. You are persistent in your
task, and no explanation is enough to completely mollify you.
Even if everything happened exactly the way you wanted it to,
you would soon find something new to criticize.

Quest: Regain a point of Willpower every time you win
an argument with someone in power.

Ban: Never let anyone get the last word.

Dumanise

The opposite of the Arcadian, you are far more attentive
to your mortal half and to human concerns. Maybe you see fae
concerns as the immature, leftover pastimes of childhood.
Perhaps you are a reluctant changeling and see the Dreaming
as frightening and unpredictable. Maybe your friends and
family are all human, and you consider this to be where your
duty lies. In any event, you spend most of your time in your
human seeming, and are a prime candidate for the Undoing.

Quest: You regain Willpower every time you give your
human concerns precedence over a pressing matter in your
faerie life.

Ban: Never spend too much time in your faerie form,
unless on an extended trip in the Dreaming.

Kmghz

A present-day Don Quixote, you never tire of tilting at
windmills. You follow all the old codes of chivalry and seek to
aid those in need. This makes you an oddity in the modern
World of Darkness. You may be a true idealist, and, somewhat
naively, believe the best about everyone. You may be a
pragmatist, desperately trying to keep a small portion of the
world from sinking into eternal Winter. In either event, you
believe that one person can make a difference.

Quest: Regain a point of Willpower every time follow-
ing your code may put you at risk.

Ban: Never behave in an "un-knightly" fashion.

PDhilanchropise

You have a highly defined sense of morality and always
strive to do the "right" thing. This invariably consists of
helping others and doing good deeds without the expectation
of reward. You may base your ethical code on your belief ina
higher morality (i-e., God), or it may just spring naturally
from within you. Your ethics are rational and logically con-
sistent (at least you believe they are). Youare forever balancing
your actions against your system of beliefs.

Quest: Regain Willpower every time you make a posi-
tive difference in someone's life.

Ban: Never accept a reward for your generosity. Never
cause deliberate harm to an innocent.


No matter what your current amount of Glamour or Banal-
ity is, your mind is constantly in a Bedlam-like state. (No
penalties are suffered, but it must be roleplayed.) You interpret
reality very differently from everyone else, but in a benign
fashion. The world is a place of endless, childlike wonder to you.
Even the most Banality-ridden places seem like storybook pal-
aces. Youare an eternal ingenue, and your world view makes you
generally very trusting in others. This does not necessarily mean
that youare easy to manipulate, however. Because of yourstrange
mental state, you are easily distracted, yet you may also notice
things that other people miss. You tend to be highly creative.

Quest: You are a creature of the Dreaming, and regain
a Willpower point every time you avoid a particularly un-
pleasant truth.

Ban: Never take anything too seriously.

Prankster

The quintessential faerie prankster, you delight in the
playing of all manner of jokes and pranks. You do this for any
number of reasons. You may merely want to amuse people, or
you may be trying to break people's banal paradigms to awaken
some Dreamers. The pranks you play may be as simple as a pie
in the face, or as elaborate as a sidhe family tree. These pranks
are rarely harmful or done out of spite, and usually result in no
more than a few bruises or some personal embarrassment.
Favorite targets are humans, pompous fae or the very serious.

Quest: Regain a point of Willpower every time you pull
off a particularly artful prank.

Ban: Never verbally apologize for a prank (indirect acts
of contrition are permissible). Never take anything too seri-
ously.

Stoic

You take the unavoidable sorrows (and joys) of life in stride.
You havea calm and serious mind, and rarely give into unseemly
displays of emotion. This does not mean that you do not have
feelings, you just do not wear them on your sleeve. The most
people will ever get out of you is a slight smile or a small frown.

Quest: Regain Willpower every time you come through
an emotionally charged situation with your composure intact.

Ban: Never let your emotions get the better of you.

Vircuoso

There are few people who can say that they have mastered a
given field, and you are one of them. You are a specialist, striving
for excellence in a small number of related disciplines. Even if you
have not yet reached the level of excellence that you desire, you
consider yourself an authority (though you admit that you have
more to learn). You gear all your attention toward learning more
about your field of expertise.

Quest: Gain a point of Willpower every time you
accomplish something that brings you closer to mastering
your intended field of study.

Ban: Never become involved in tangential matters for

too long.

Unseelie Legacies

Bogle

There is a wealth of human folklore about bogles, and you
are happy to be part of sucha proud tradition. You are a prankster
at heart, and you do not care who gets hurt as long as you get a
good laugh out of it. Spiteful, mean-spirited pranks are your
favorite, though you may occasionally play more benign ones.
The results of your jokes usually range from the merely mean to
the fatal. Like the Prankster (see above), your jokes may range in
intricacy, but motivations tend more toward spite and revenge.

Quest: Regain a point of Willpower every time you pull
off a particularly artful and mean-spirited prank.

Ban: Never apologize for a prank. Never let any inten-
tional slight froma human go by without a prank as repayment.

Churl

Manners are for wimps, wusses and mama's boys. Urrrrp!
Rude and ill-bred, you scoff (and fart, piss and belch) at
convention. Polite society is just a bunch of sidhe snobs with
something up their butts and even more to hide. Unlike the
Grotesque (see Changeling: The Dreaming), you are not
necessarily trying to be disgusting; you just think that the
societal strictures governing personal comportment are un-
necessary. You are... natural.

Quest: Regain Willpower every time you get away with
outraging polite society.

Ban: Never be polite.

Liend

You inflict pain for no other reason than the enjoyment
you get out of watching others suffer. You are, in short, a
sadist. You may have a hundred facile rationalizations for why
you do what you do. Maybe you have really tried to stop, but
the feeling of power that you get out of controlling others'
destinies always draws you back. You only feel truly alive
when someone else is screaming in pain or begging for mercy.
You realize that even other Unseelie fae frown upon this
attitude, so you know to hide this predilection, usually behind
the guise of another Legacy. You live in fear that someone
may give you what you really deserve. You should consult the
Storyteller before taking this Legacy.

Quest: Regain a point of Willpower every time you
really hurt someone.

Ban: Never pass up an opportunity to inflict pain.


They call you "superficial," the uncouth swine. Some say
you are arrogant and excessively concerned with such "surface"
qualities as dress and manner. Piffle! Affected? You? Youare one
of the beautiful people, the czars of style. People judge others by
their appearance, no matter how much they profess the oppo-
site. You know that style beats substance any day of the week,
and you have style in spades. Peasants, prepare to be dazzled!

Quest: Regain Willpower every time you outshine oth-
ers ina social situation.

Ban: Never be out of style.

Cerenaic

The pursuit of pleasure is your reason for living. You may
derive pleasure from any number of sources: sex, drugs, food,
sensorial stimulus of any kind. Choose one or all of the above.
Youspend most of your time and resources in pursuit of the vice
of your choice, despite the pain that often accompanies it. Your
appetite for pleasure is constantly increasing. You require ever
more sensorial stimuli to satiate your jaded palate.

Quest: Regain Willpower every time you spend a day
pursuing one of your vices, or experience a completely new
pleasurable sensation.

Ban: Never turn down an opportunity to fulfill your desires.

Numoug

Grumpy, sour and just plain cranky, nothing ever satisfies
you. The light's too bright in here, turn off that awful music,
nothing is as good as it was in the "old days." If there is nothing
tocomplain about, then something fishy is going on. Unlike the
Gadfly, you do not gripe to improve things (though you may
claim you do). You just like to complain and find the worst side
of every issue. Every silver lining means there's a thunderstorm
a-brewin'. Some believe that under your gruff exterior lies a
lovable, old softy. You live to prove them wrong.

Quest: Gain Willpower every time one of your dire
predictions comes true.

Ban: Never look on the bright side of life.

Craven

Better a live coward than a dead hero. You live your life by
these words. Unfortunately this does not just mean that you have
the good sense to avoid harrowing situations. You are a true
coward in almost every area of your life. Your code applies to social
situations and facing unpleasant truths about yourself, as well as
avoiding physical danger. While you may put yourself in danger,
you are always looking for the nearest escape route. Since you
know others frown on cowardice, you often disguise yourself as one
of the other Legacies. You may be ashamed of your cowardice and
occasionally perform heroic acts out of a need to prove yourself.

Quest: Regain Willpower every time you save yourself
by running away.

Ban: Never volunteer for dangerous assignments.

Chapzer One: The Kichain Traics 55
os


Ragamuffin

The opposite of the Fop, you believe that substance is all
that matters, therefore you play the militant slob to show how
truly deep you are. You reject all such "surface ephemera" as
bathing and basic grooming. Those who pay attention to such
trivialities are affected snobs and beneath you. Just because
you are a slob does not mean that you are really any deeper for
all that. Those who see past your grimy exterior and really
take the opportunity to know you may well find you no more
genuine than the Fop.

Quest: Regain Willpower every time you expose an-
other person as a fraud.

Ban: Never dress appropriately for an occasion.

Schismazic

Things fall apart. The center cannot hold. You are a
destroyer of social institutions, be they governments, businesses
or families. You never miss an opportunity to sow dissension or
cause discord. Maybe you do this to help people break out of old,
hidebound ways of doing things, but you mostly just enjoy
destroying things that other people build. It's a dog-eat-dog
world out there. The sooner the huddled masses are on their
own, the sooner they will realize that. You view yourself as a

bold social visionary, an anarchist or a rugged individualist.

This may be true, or you may just be a destructive child.
Quest: Gain Willpower every time you cause dissension
in a tightly knit social group.
Ban: Never join a formal organization, except for the
express purpose of disrupting it or using it to disrupt other
organizations.

Shade

Like the Pishogue, you see the world ina very different way
than most. Unfortunately it isa very ugly place. Youare a human
zombie, an emotionless sleepwalker who sees the world as a
never-ending horror show. The World of Darkness has finally
gotten to you. You accept mindless brutality as the natural order
of things. Perhaps you react to this reality by joining in the
mayhem, or perhaps you have retreated behind a wall of emo-
tionless detachment. This is not to say that you have no sense
of moral outrage, it just takes the most inhuman of atrocities to
even register on your screen. Your primary motivations are
selfish desire and immediate personal gratification.

Quest: You regain Willpower every time you encounter
a horrific experience without betraying emotion.

Ban: Never take anything too seriously.

Sophist

Most people are hungry for knowledge, whether they know
it or not. You are more than happy to share yours, for a price. You
are a sophist in the old sense of the word, one who teaches solely


for self-gain. Is that so wrong? Unfortunately you just assume that
people want what youare selling. When the ungrateful fools don't
meet your price you become... agitated. You believe you know
more than everyone else. You will rarely back down from your
al argument, no matter how much sophistry acile logic
you have to employ to convince everybody that you know best.
Quest: Gain Willpower every time you win an argument

or debate.

Ban: Never admit you are wrong.

New Background

Companion

The Chimera background in Changeling: The Dreaming
(see pg. 175) lists various chimera that become active when a

changeling goes through the Chrysalis. It is suggested that the
chimera be non-living (weapons, armor, equipment, clothes,
etc.). Companions are the living chimera created by the
changeling's unconscious nature. Players should consult their
Storytellers as to the type of Companion they have. Players
should also be aware that higher level Companions have minds
s of their own which may come into conflict
Examples of companions are: a small
dragon, a green alien named Bob, or any other living chimera.
° A minor companion. (Something with
intelligence up to that of a dog, with
little or no magic or special abilities.
Examples include a small patch of mold
that bubbles obscenely ona redcap's shoul-
der, or a winged cat.)
A useful companion. (Something with
the intelligence of a human, and minor
powers, but not up to the level of an Art.
Examples include a small jeweled dragon
with a smoking problem, or perhaps a
talking moon cat.)
A companion of significant power. (
companion may have a dot in an Art ora
magic power equivalent to a single dot.
Examples include a speed demon with
Wayfare, or the aforementioned green
alien with Primal.)
A very powertul companion. is com
panion may have up to three dots in Arts.
Examples include a griffin or unicorn.)
A companion of incredible power. (A
companion at this level may have up to
five dots in Arts —an ancient djinn with
Soothsay, ora dragon with acombination

of Arts.)

Chapter On




A child is like a piece of uncarved wood

each has a

story to tell and limitless magic within. It is up to the carver to

set that magic free.

—Myra Whittlestick, boggan busybody

Come and sit down by the fire, dear. You want to know
about us boggans, do you? Well, you've come to the right place.
Make yourself comfortable. There's a lot to be told, and there's
no sense in you sitting where you're not going to be able to
concentrate on the tale. There, that's better. That's one thing
you'll notice right off about us — we have more sense individu-
ally than a whole motley of redcaps put together.

We value hard work and simple things most, but don't
think that we're a bunch of humorless, nose-to-the-grindstone
folks. No, for that you'd best look to nockers. Oh, dear, there I
go again. They're not really a bad lot, nockers... but where was
[?Oh, yes, simplicity. Now don't think fora second that simple,
quality craft is the same thing as boring, utilitarian work. A
child will get more enjoyment out of a well-made set of blocks
than one of those beeping, flashing, kill-or-be-killed gaming
machines. The one allows a child to be creative, to fashion her
own worlds and thereby learn a little more about the one she
lives in. The other tests how fast you can push a button. Now
there's a skill more of our young people need, eh?

But you wanted to know about boggans, and here I go
starting the tale in the middle without giving you the beginning
first. Strong foundations make for solid building and good
stories, so let's take things back to basics. We boggans have a
long and wondrous history, so it's only right that you should hear
our tale first. I'll put another log on the fire, and then we'll begin.

Background

Boggans are born of charity and vengeance. Early tales
speak of earthly angels who worked miracles on behalf of the
poor but virtuous. Equally well-known are stories of mischie-
vous and downright malicious spirits who would exact
unreasonable prices for their services. Other legends tell of
spiteful creatures who seek to undo the hard work of others.
From all of these were boggans born.

Boggans' first appearances in folk tales were often as
model workers — thorough, tireless and cheerful in their
work. They did not mind others taking the credit for their
work, and sought to avoid any praise for what they did. But so
too did these tales show the dangers of scorning the ways of
these helpful fae. Their customs were not always understood
by mortals, but if any of their rules of etiquette were broken,
woe to the mortal who would take the fruits of their labor!

Boggans originated from these early tales of hard-work-
ing, simple folk, but as mortal society evolved, so did boggans.
In the modern age of overtime and "flex hours," boggans have
come to symbolize the worker who is more concerned with
doing good work than earning his first million. Modern
boggans are graphic designers, interior decorators, landscape
artists, car detailers and fashion designers as well as cooks,
jewelers and woodworkers. They make electric guitars and
hand-forged swords, microbrewed beers and futons. And as
always, boggans value good, simple work far more than
intricate or ornate designs.

Acarcude

A boggan's life is focused on helping those he deems
worthy. Each boggan has his own definition of what "worthy"
means, and "help" is likewise subject to individual interpre-
tation. Still, the vast majority of boggans are good-natured,
and seek to make the world a better place one day at a time.
They value the beauty in ordinary things, and prefer simple
joys above the pleasures of excess.

Boggans make stalwart friends and companions who will
give all they can toa true friend ora worthy cause. Most boggans
blush and brush off words of praise or offers of payment, for they
know that true appreciation cannot be expressed in words or
material goods. If wronged, however, a boggan can quickly

change from a selfless worker to a vengeful spirit.


Their appreciation for the practical and simple things in
life often causes boggans to view other changelings as flighty
and somewhat shallow. Most seek to find the good in all people,
and often help to bring out the best in those they meet.

(\ppearance

Most boggans have a distinctly earthy mien, and are reluc-

tant to draw attention to themselves. Though not vain, they
respect craftsmanship, and often wear simple but finely wrought

—

jewelry and clothing. Usually short and on the plump side,
boggans are recognizable by their particularly bushy eyebrows.
ge y I y y ey

In their faerie guises, most boggans have an old yet

Ss

sprightly appearance, with even childlings showing faint
laugh lines around their eyes and mouths that deepen with
age. Understandably, many boggans have a certain weariness

about them, but it is generally of a pleasant sort.

Grumps tend to age quickly, with their bright eyes F
belying the wrinkles creasing their brows. f

Behefs

Like all changelings, boggans have

their own traditions and beliefs that are

—

handed down through the years.

eel S

Remand Kancnese i
Kind, Injury Likeunse

\ For all their attachment to home and

hearth, boggans are fiercely independent.
DD!

The notion of "owing" someone is

unthinkable — why not settle

things quickly and fairly? To
have past business hanging over
one's head is to be tied down. It

is for this reason that boggans
: like to settle all scores, for good

or for ill, as soon as possible.

Simpleis Bescuihen Time
sche Test

While many other kith are interested

y
inthe "fine arts," boggans are more practical
in their tastes. A finely crafted candlestick or

alovingly embroidered apron are more highly
prized than the most elegant piece of mu-
seum sculpture. Others may strive toward
lofty ideals of art and expression, but
boggans will always value the beauty in

well-made, ordinary things above all else.

Every piece of work should have a

little of the creator in it, anda boggan's own

Glamour always colors the work she does.

Val

,% a.

a a

‘A

VIS

oo

Those with keen eyes can easily tell the difference between the
work of two boggans. As a result, all projects are given a boggan's
full attention. One wouldn't want to be judged for a single piece
of shoddy work, so everything must be equally well done.

Organization

In many areas, boggans have periodic informal gatherings

to swap gossip or tips on crafting. Sometimes this takes the form
of a potluck dinner, where each boggan brings a dish anda piece
of "news" — the more savory the better for both. Many such
gatherings have adopted a policy that each person washes only
her own dishes, after several such dinners broke out in fisticuffs
over who was to wash what. Some argued that the host of the
party should rest and let the others "take care of the clean-up,"
while often the host would claim it as his right and duty to tidy
the place up while the guests had dessert.

Letter-writing is another common
means for boggans to stay in touch with
each other. Some areas have newsletters
or telephone circles used to pass the word

about a particularly good sale at Home
Depot or an especially juicy bit of gossip.
Other, more technically minded boggans now
communicate over the Internet, using IRC,
newsgroups and Web sites to pass news to their
compatriots the world over.

Birchrights

Crafcwork

While it is well-known that
boggans are among the most skill-

ful craftspeople in the mortal
and immortal worlds, few out-
side the kith understand the
particular rituals and super-
stitions that have built up
around their work. Some say
that boggans are capable of com-
pleting tasks even more quickly
than they do, and that they of-
ten spend half the time on a
project simply daydreaming.
This, some claim, is the reason

they work unobserved — so
no one will know how much
time they spend lazing
about. In fact, many
boggans do "daydream"
before beginning a
project, to refine the
image of the finished

&


product in their minds. But this is a necessary step, and those
boggans who do not "dream" their projects sufficiently before
beginning often spend their time redoing work that did not
come out right the first time.

Others claim that while working, boggans glow with an
unearthly light made of pure Glamour, and that any who look
on it will be forever blinded. Some whisper that boggans
transform into hideous lizard- or insectlike creatures while
creating. While it is certainly possible that some boggans may
have their own reasons for keeping out of sight while working,
most will tell you that they have their own trade secrets that
allow them to do such distinctive work, and that is the only
reason they choose to work alone.

Social Oynamics

Itshould come as no surprise that boggans are among the
most infamous meddlers and busybodies in all of Kithain
society. They always seem to know who fancies who, and who
is nursing a secret grudge. In fact, this is in some ways an
extension of boggan craftsmanship, as understanding the way
people function in a group is made up of equal parts observa-
tion and "common sense." With a keen eye and an attention
to the nuances of a situation, many boggans can unravel the
whys behind a relationship with as much skill as understand-
ing the technique in weaving a tapestry.

Just as a good woodworker will look at the grain ofa piece
of wood to see what patterns naturally suggest themselves, so
boggans are able to second-guess the way a given individual
will react in a particular situation. It is just a matter of seeing
what is already there beneath the surface.

Most boggans despise the social hierarchy of "owing"
others. To take what should be simple, uncomplicated friend-
ships and mar them by keeping a scorecard of what one person
owes another is contrary to the true nature of friendship.
Partly because they work so hard to steer clear of these
entanglements themselves, boggans are particularly aware of
this behavior in others. Although their unwillingness to join
in the social game of tit-for-tat often makes them outsiders,
they are usually respected for their ability to see through the
webs of intrigue that make up changeling courts.

| Railcies
Call of che Needy

Boggans hate to see others in pain. While some Unseelie
boggans are annoying and even infuriating to their foes, they
rarely cause more than embarrassment or discomfort, which is
bad enough to many of their victims. Boggans truly want to
make thé World.a' better place, and will'never willingly harm
someone who, may be shown the error of his ways, Of course,
sometimes the subject of their attentions would rather he
whacked soundly upside the head than disgraced or embar-
rassed,"but-boggans‘only do what they feel is necessary.

The Changeling Players Guide

It is said that boggans of a philosophical bent refer to this
as the "what goes around, comes around" principle. If you refuse
to help someone who is in need, what will happen when you're
the one who needs help? Being a highly superstitious lot, most
boggans would rather not tempt fate, even a little.

Even those who follow the Unseelie Court will help out
a soul in need, though their idea of "help" sometimes leaves
the subject wishing she had never asked. Boggarts will often
berate those they help for having gotten themselves in a fix
to begin with, and insist that "if it weren't for me happening
by just now, you'd have been a goner for sure!"

Courts

Although most believe that in the beginning all boggans
were loyal to the Seelie Court, this has not been the case for
many generations. When a boggan has been wronged, his
vengeance is often terrible to behold. Boggans drift between
the Unseelie and Seelie Courts more frequently than most
other kith, perhaps because at heart nearly every boggan
wants to think the best of people. Even Unseelie boggans
usually seek to show their victims the error of their ways.

Seelie Boggans

With their love of the simple things in life and the joy of
helping others, most boggans are naturally drawn toward the
Seelie Court. Even the majority of those who are wronged
and seek asylum with the Unseelie Court eventually return.
Although they are generally a shy lot, some boggans have
achieved positions of respect within the Seelie Court, often
as advisors to nobles. Their no-nonsense, common sense
approach, combined with their keen social insights, often
earns such boggans the respect of their peers.

Unseelie Boggans

Known as boggarts, Unseelie boggans are often those who
have been betrayed orhurtasaresult of theirattempts to help others.
They willavenge any slight—real or imagined — with afervor that

causes even redcaps to quake in their boots. Some set out to test how
truly virtuous a person is, often undoing the work of others or
constantly plaguinga victim with annoying cantrips to see what the
limits of his patience are. Anyone who withstands this onslaught of
mischief with a sunny disposition intact will be respected and often
feared by the boggart and her companions henceforth.

While many Seelie boggans try to deny the Unseelie part
of their natures, nearly all boggans spend at least part of their
lives ruled by their Unseelie Legacy. It is unfortunate, but few
mortals or Kithain who devote their lives to helping others
avoid being taken advantage of at one point or another. When
this happens to a Seelie boggan, she will often fly into a rage,
seeking vengeance onnoronly the one who wronged her, but
anyone else»who would abuse the-kindness of others. Such is
their desire to punish, these Unseelie boggans often see wrongs
where there aré none, and tormefit innocents instead.


=
| =

Ouclook

While boggans generally like to think the best of people until proven otherwise, like all kith they have their own unique

perspective on their fellow changelings.

Cshu

Seelie Boggans: Jolly good tale-tellers, even if they are
a bit scruffy. I can't see how they can just run around their
whole lives long without putting roots down somewhere,
but | suppose that's just their way.

Unseelie Bogeans: Clever fellows, those eshu. All smiles

and silken scarves, your typical eshu is—until yourealize he's

nicked your purse. | have little use for these scoundrels.

Nockers

Seelie Boggans: While we appreciate the work they do
more than many of our brethren, what joy can there be in
such technical work? Still, their work ethic is admirable,
and if a little of that would rub off on the pooka and satyrs,
the Dreaming might not be in such a state.

Unseelie Boggans: Mere technicians, they know
nothing of what it means to create something that is both
truly beautiful and useful. They want nothing more than to
play with their little Tinker toys until the cows come home.
Pretenders, that's all they are.

Dooka

Seelie Boggans: Ah, well... It's a good thing they have
folks like us looking out for them. Charming creatures, but
not what you would call practical.

Unseelie Boggans: They can't be trusted, they have no
appreciation for good hard work, and they're so addle-
brained they don't know what they're doing half the time.
Let them frolic in the dreams of infants and leave the rest
of the world to those of us with more than an ounce of sense.

Redcaps

Seelie Boggans: Poor things. If they would only sit
down and have a cup of tea once in a while like civilized
beings, they'd be alot happier with life, I tell you. Of course,
the last time I had one over for tea, she ate a whole batch
of cookies and the cookie sheet to boot!

Unseelie Boggans: Mindless savages. Grant them a
wide berth if possible, but never let them see fear. They are
our Jabberwocky, and you would do well to beware the jaws
that bite, the claws that catch.

Sacyrs

Seelie Boggans: Those satyrs who think with their brains
and not their... you know... are often wise, but most simply
live for the moment. That's all well and good, but eventually
they'll have to learn to keep their libidos in check.

Unseelie Boggans: Mad perverts, that's what satyrs are.
To be a slave to one's own desires is beneath contempt.

Sidhe

Seelie Boggans: For all their hoity-toity-as-you-
please ways, they're decent chaps. They think they're
doing the right thing, acting the part of the brave leaders.
How does one break it to them gently that we've been
doing just fine without them?

Unseelie Boggans: Fools. These anemic fops will
have to get it through their heads that we don't need to
be told what to do, thank you very much. Don't tell me
how to run my house until you've got your own straight-
ened out, eh?

Sluagh

Seelie Boggans: We grant them their due as the second
best news-collectors in Kithain society, and if you ever
need to get the dirt on someone, these are the ones to turn
to. Heaven knows they know all there is to know about dirt!

Unseelie Boggans: I've got two words for those raga-
muffins: personal hygiene. Eat your veggies, bathe once in
a blue moon, and wash your clothes periodically, and you
won't look so much like something the cat dragged in.

‘Trolls

Seelie Boggans: Truly noble fellows, the trolls are. We
understand their sense of honor better than anyone else,
though they seem too concerned with the letter and not
enough with the spirit of an agreement at times. An agree-
mentisabond between twopeople, notsome legal proceeding.

Unseelie Boggans: So full of themselves and their
precious honor that they ignore everything else around
them. Just a bunch of overgrown, muscle-bound Smurfs,
if you ask me.

Chapter Two: The Kieh Society


The wind at my back, a tale upon my lips, and a hearty
stack of bills in my pocket! Now that's the good life!

— Carolan Walks-far, eshu storyteller

World travelers, the eshu rarely stay in one place for long.
They roam the globe seeking and sharing adventure. Great
storytellers, the eshu love a good tale, whether they are doing the
telling or listening to someone else's. They live as if every hour
were their last, avoiding boredom and stagnation like the plague.

Although many would classify the eshu as frivolous thrill-seekers,
in truth these roving fae pursue knowledge and experience with great
seriousness. Their natural curiosity often gets them into trouble, one
reason why they rarely live long enough to become grumps.

Background

One of the more ancient of all the changeling races, the eshu
came into existence in the savannas and deserts of Africa. Thou-
sands of years ago, Bantu, Masai and Somali tribes called them Eithu.
These native peoples believed that the Eithu ran with the leopard,
climbed with the monkey andswam with the crocodile. Because the
tribes lived a nomadic lifestyle, migrating with the seasons and the
animals, so did the Eithu, an attribute they have never lost.

The Arabs who migrated into Africa in the Middle Ages had
an enormous impact on the Eithu. They initiated the change to the
modern name, "Eshu." Over the centuries, Arab beliefs turned them
from playful sprites into powerful, honor-bound warrior fae who
protected the land and anyone who traveled across it, especially
traders. By the 16th century, the Arabs had established many trade
routes inand around the coast of Africa. Thus, the eshu evolved into
the serious, nomadic, trade-loving changelings known today.

Over time, a more sedentary society developed in Africa, and
these people began to look down upon and fear the nomads. Those
who roamed acquired a reputation for thieving and running scams.
This reputation extended to the eshuas well. They became known for
their ability to outwit others, especially when money was involved.

Accicude

The eshu tend to approach life as if it were an epic movie and
they are the main characters. Many take their roles to heart,

The Changeling Diayers Guide

dressing the part and playing to the audience. Some play the
gallant knight riding in to save the day on his white charger. Others
prefer a more subtle approach, stepping in as the silent hero who
never stays long enough for people to thank him. Still others take
the part of the dastardly villain, wicked yet witty to the end.

An eshu can become quite irritated if her entrance is
spoiled or her plans are thwarted, and she despises an anti-
climactic ending. Throughout her life, the eshu may play
many roles, whatever feels right at the moment. In the end,
the wealth of the tale is all that matters. Keep in mind,
however, that the eshu does not act it — she lives it.

Despite their tribal origins, the eshu have cultured,
polished manners. They believe strongly in social tradition
and rituals. With open inquisitiveness, they study other
cultures, often adopting their host's customs in his presence.
This endears them to many different people.

(\ppearance

Although the eshu come in all colors, the majority tend
to have dark skin and African or Arabic features. Their dark
eyes can seem shadowed and mysterious, or bright and pierc-
ing. They wear their dark hair in a variety of ways; some even
shave their heads as did their ancestors.

In their faerie guises, the eshu stand taller than most other
changelings. They often resemble Arabsheiks ornomads, wrapped
in brightly colored silk and satin. Some also dress in the garb of
African tribesmen, mostly naked, wearing split skirts made of
animal skin with another hide or a broad red scarf thrown over
one shoulder and tucked in at the waist. The Unseelie eshu tend
to favor the more flashy dress of silks and satins.

Beliefs

The eshu uphold a number of beliefs and customs that have
been part of their heritage for centuries.


Uhuru

The African word Uhuru, meaning "freedom," serves as a
battle cry and a personal code for all eshu. The eshu value freedom
above all else. Anything an eshu gives, he must give of his own free
will. He does not bow to coercion. To be trapped or forced to act in
acertain manner disgraces the eshu; no worse situa- .
tion exists. For the eshu, freedom is a matter of
pride and dignity.

For this reason, few eshu ever stay with
the same person or people their entire lives.

The Oath of Truehearts remains one of the
most sacred oaths an eshu may take, for to
take such a vow would be to give his very
freedom into the hands of another. When
an eshu feels he must move on, he will.
Furthermore, the eshu believe that to
settle down equates to giving in to Banal-
ity. Only through constant movement
can one continue to renew one's self.

Many people perceive the eshu
as self-serving and fickle. Quite to
the contrary, the eshu feel that they
would be committing a disservice if
they were to remain ina place where
they no longer belonged. They have
a saying that in order to be true to
others, you must first be true to your-
self.

Oesciny

The eshu concept of destiny walks
hand in hand with their treasured Uhuru.
Itaccountsfortheirspontaneity and their
blind faith. They believe that ifan eshu is
allowed to pursue her own path, she will
always end up at the right place, both
literally and metaphorically. Perhaps this
explains their aversion to being forced or
trapped into actions they would otherwise
not choose. In the mind of the eshu, to be
forcibly driven from the path isto bedamned.

Traditions

Being several thousand years old can
carry with it certain baggage. In the case of the
eshu, this burden comes in the form of many tradi-
tions which have been handed down from generation to generation.
The eshu would rather lose face than forget or neglect one.

The Greeting

When two eshu meet for the first time, each one spits in or
licks his own hand before performing a handshake. This tradition
has its roots among the native peoples of Africa, who believe that
spitting on a person serves as a promise that you will not place a

curse on them. To the eshu today, it serves merely as an offer of
friendship. No handshake will take place if one of the two refuses
to spit. The eshu do not impose this tradition on other races.
Animals
Most eshuabhor the practice of killing animals merely forsport.
Ifthey have toslaughterarabbit orsheep for food, they
" will strangle it rather than spilling its blood. This
tradition has its foundation in the belief that to
waste any part of an animal is wrong. Eshu
will drink the animal's bloodas wellas eat
itsflesh. They neverkill an animal larger
than theyand theircompanionscan eat
in one sitting.
Trees
The eshu will never break a limb
fromatree without first asking permis-
sion of the tree spirit. They also have
asmall ritual that they perform when-
ever they cut down a tree. First, the
eshu cuts a small branch from it, after
asking permission, and lay the branch
at the base of another tree. Once she
has felled the tree, she must pour beer
on the stump and say, "I give this beer
as a gift to the Engai (spirit), if one lives
here, and ask him to go to another tree."
This ritual relieves the eshu of any curse
which may come as the result of harming
the tree spirit. The rest of the beer is then
drunk by those present. Trees in Africa
are sacred, perhaps because of their scar-
city in many regions.

Curses
The eshu believe very strongly in
curses, including those incurred through
geasa or Bans. They feel that each indi-
vidual has the power to curse another,
either by their actions or by spoken word.
This has proven to be one of their greatest
weaknesses, and one which an educated
enemy canuse to best them. Anenemy may
merely speak a curse upon an eshu, and the
eshu'sown power of belief will make the curse
come true. Those who would curse an eshu,
however, should take care, for most eshu will go to extreme lengths
to kill the offender.

Organization

A strong oral heritage ties the eshu together. They gather
often to share tales of their own and others' adventures and
misadventures. Similar to youth hostels, these special eshu
freeholds have been established throughout the world. An open

Chapcer Two: The Kich Society


invitation toall eshu is well-known. Few pass up the opportunity
to stop in and get their fix of great stories, when in the
neighborhood. Many grumps eventually retire to these places,
glad for the reliability of an appreciative audience that is
renewed nightly. One such freehold exists in nearly every major
city of the world; however, the one in Barcelona, Spain, has
become renowned as the largest and most visited of them all.
These freeholds also serve to keep the roaming eshu in
contact and up to date on their friends' activities. Messages
come in the form of stories passed along from mouth to mouth.
Although not time-efficient, this serves as an effective way for

independent spirits to keep in touch.

Birchrighcs

Spiric Pachways

Founded in the ancient belief that nomads can read the
wind as if it were an open book and use unexplainable means to
find their way, the eshu's uncanny sense of direction continues
to baffle other changeling races. An eshu will always arrive at her
destination eventually, even though the route may not be the
safest or most direct. She may not even know where she is
heading. Her destiny guides her. Each eshu believes that if she
follows her heart, it will lead her down the correct path.

Her destiny will take her to the right people at the right
times, cause her to find or lose items at the right moment, or
put her where she is supposed to be when relevant meetings
or incidents are occurring. Because of this, the eshu is much
more likely to stumble into an inobvious clue that will guide
her toward fulfilling her role in life.

This ability is not restricted to locational, physical desti-
nations. It has a much more metaphysical bent to it. Some
would call it intuition; others would call it magic. Whereas most
others have learned to ignore or fight the path which has been
set for them, the eshu let go and follow it with incredible trust.

‘Talecrafc

The passing of knowledge among Africans has long been an
oral tradition. Stories handed down from father to son taught
lessons of morality, culture and skills, as well as merely entertain-
ing. Ancient African legends speak of the Eithu visiting villages
in the guise of old men and telling grand tales beside the
ceremonial fires. The Eithu were said to use their stories to charm
whole tribes while the tribe's enemies sneaked up on them.

The legend went two ways, however. It was believed that good
tales worked against the Eithu as well. The means to capturing the
wealth of an Eithu lay in weaving a tale so intriguing that the faerie
would feel obligated to pay the storyteller. Many tribespeople would
share tales around the fire in the hope that when they awoke, a gift
from the Eithu would await them next to their mats.

Over the ages, the eshu have become master storytellers, and
they have never outgrown their adoration of it. They use stories in
the same way the peoples of Africa did: to keep in touch, to educate

The Changeling Dilayers Guide

and to entertain. Even more importantly, though, they use their
storytellingasameans to fight back the Banality that would overtake
the world. Their love of stories, both as tellers and as listeners, has
remained their greatest talent and their greatest Achilles' heel.

| railcies

Recklessness

The eshu have so much faith in their own destiny that when
an opportunity arises, they rarely pass it by, even if the odds seem
outrageously against them. Other changeling races would see this
as recklessness; the eshu merely see it as another act in the play.

To an outsider, the eshu's view of destiny and their
philosophy of freedom may seem to conflict. To an eshu, it
makes perfect sense. The destiny that guides their lives can be
denied. If it is, then the eshu believe they will be doomed. The
path dictated by destiny will never be an entirely safe path. The
eshu know and accept this. They view challenges as they would
any other path that destiny has set before them, and feel that to
avoid one out of simple fear or cowardice steers them from their
true path and damns them to a life of directionless wandering.

Courcs

Originally nearly all the eshu followed the precepts of
the Seelie fae. The majority still do. A disturbing trend has
begun, however, in which some eshu have twisted the mean-
ing of Uhuru into a more selfish concept.

Seelie

Two tenets separate the Seelie and the Unseelie eshu.
Foremost, the Seelie revere love and honor. The two greatest gifts
that an eshu can give are his love and his word. He gives neither
lightly, for each is a bond which diminishes somewhat his freedom.

Despite the eshu's reputation for being scam artists, the Seelie
eshu would never use outright lies or false love as tools for their ruses.
They believe that to do so diminishes the value of the real thing. Of
course, exaggeration is not really lying, and even Seelie eshu have
few qualms about stating only part of the truth ifit suits their purposes.

Secondly, Seelie eshu will rarely enslave another. To
them, this constitutes the worst crime imaginable. They will
often go out of their way to avoid doing so, even if it delays the
successful outcome of their quest.

Unseelie

There exists a fine line between the Seelie and Unseelie
eshu. Although both embrace the principle of freedom, the
Unseelie do so at the expense of others. They cling to a darker,
less noble aspect of the concept of freedom, autonomy without
responsibility. They choose to ignore the effects their choices
have on others, bogged firmly in the belief that whatever is right
for them, even if it harms another, cannot be wrong.


Boggans

Seelie Eshu: Every tribe needs hard workers to do the jobs for
which we eshu don't have time. Their honesty makes them
trustworthy, and their stories seem all the more interesting
because they are true. Good listeners.

Unseelie Eshu: These little do-gooders make the per-
fect targets. Their compassion is their downfall. Easy to
manipulate and con, they'll give in at the first sign of a tear.

Nockers

Seelie Eshu: These poor sots remain so tied to their hobbies
that they may as well be enslaved. Perhaps this explains their
nasty dispositions. How could they possibly be happy?

Unseelie Eshu: They're good to have around when
your car breaks down, but other than that, they're useless.
It's no fun to try a scam on them; they're so crotchety they
never trust anyone. You've lost before you've even begun.

Dooka

Seelie Eshu: These fae have proven to be entertaining
companions, but they take a figurative piss wherever they
please, even at the most inopportune moments. They have
no concept of the meaning of dignity.

Unseelie Eshu: The pooka resemble little yappy dogs that
should be kicked regularly and with feeling. Enough said.

Redcaps

Seelie Eshu: Their violence has no mind and no heart
behind it. They act indiscriminately without thought to
consequence. These changelings have renounced their free-
dom of choice in favor of a reactionary, knee-jerk lifestyle.

Unseelie Eshu: Although somewhat ineffectual in their
methods, redcaps certainly have the right attitude. They
live for the moment. They are free, albeit somewhat
uncivilized in their technique. Now if only they could
formulate goals, they would make worthy adversaries.

Sacyrs

Seelie Eshu: Satyrs understand the meaning of Uhuru.
They love freely, with no enslaving bonds, as they do

Unseelie eshu care nothing for love or honor. Their
sense of independence carries a wild, unrestrained streak that
makes them untrustworthy and highly unpredictable. They
base their decisions on whims, living a feral lifestyle of
frenzied fanaticism. They preach freedom of choice, freedom
of movement and freedom of the mind. Yet, their definition

everything else. They see with their quick minds that no
one may ever or should ever own another. They also share
with us an appreciation of adventure and knowledge.
Unseelie Eshu: Soft, furry toys! Yes! Satyrs give a
whole new meaning to the phrase "party animal." As a
distraction, their value is immeasurable. Otherwise...

Sidhe

Seelie Eshu: How can a race or an individual prosper
and grow when they live in the past, isolated from all the
wonders of the world? A pitiful lot, the sidhe stagnate
within their own glass fortresses. They will never under-
stand us.

Unseelie Eshu: The sidhe, both Seelie and Unseelie,
never look forward for true freedom. They always look
behind. And what do they see there? Their own butts!
They're looking up their own butts for the solutions to
their problems. Not very productive.

Sluagh

Seelie Eshu: Like moles, the sluagh feel the vibrations
of the world above them and they hear whispered secrets,
but they remain blind to the meaning of it all. They live
their lives through others, never experiencing, never ad-
venturing. They may as well be as dead as they look.

Unseelie Eshu: A valuable source of information, it
takes all an eshu's skills to befriend one of these odd
creatures. It's a challenge that should never be passed up,
whether heartfelt or not. They make great tools.

‘Trolls

Seelie Eshu: Worthy adversaries and travel compan-
ions, these warriors deserve our admiration. It is a shame
that they have yet to master the true meaning of freedom.
They continually bind themselves to others in oaths that
tie them down for their entire lives.

Unseelie Eshu: Trolls can be suckered even more easily
than boggans. Their sense of honor and their dedication to
their friends and family make them easy targets for a con.
Play on their flowing sentimentality, and soon they're
wrapped around your finger.

of freedom is based in anarchy and self-indulgence. Do unto
others before they do unto you.

Unseelie eshu have propagated their race's reputation for
thieving and scamming. Unfortunately it is nearly impossible to
tell the Unseelie from the Seelie before it is too late. For this
reason, much of changeling society regards all eshu with distrust.

Chapcer Two: The Kuch Society


Greetings, you smarmy, overpaid excuse for a piece of
camel-vomit. Well, as long as you're here stinking up the
place, I might as well show you the new piece I'm working on,
but don't touch it! I don't want you to !@#$% it up. Okay,
the match drops and lights against the sandpaper, which burns
the fuse and lights the candle, which burns through the rope...
huh? Oh, it's a toaster. Anyway, the candle burns through the

rope....

— Theedle Silversqwak, nocker inventor

Nockers are born half from the incandescent joy of
creation and half from the dark depths of frustration. They
personify the wonder of beginning a new work of art, and the
angst and desperation that comes over someone when a
creative endeavor reaches an insurmountable obstacle. They
are the result of those inner demons that torment crafters to
make certain every detail is correct in their work. Unfortu-
nately they could not avoid being tainted by the
disappointment inherent when the final piece would not fit
into place or when the eyes didn't look exactly right.

The dreams of these artists, builders and craftspeople
brought forth a hardy race of Kithain, rough and ready to tackle
the world and shape it to their needs. Living within these fae
were the dreams of construction, creation and innovation.

Discory

For thousands of years, nockers have been either present
at or inspired by great artistic and engineering feats. Nockers
have walked in the shadow of the Great Pyramid, and helped
to build the cathedrals of medieval Europe. There was a
nocker present when the first electric lights were lit in Menlo
Park, and there was a nocker watching as Sputnik launched
towards the heavens.

In ancient Greece, the nockers were architects and
builders, designing and building glorious columned temples
and buildings. After the Shattering, nockers retreated into
more introspective crafts, but occasionally the itch to build
something grander became too great. Out of this came mag-
nificent royal residences or new architectural styles. Many fae
flocked to nocker weaponsmiths for their finely crafted blades,
or became patrons of nocker craftspeople for beautiful works
of fine art, jewelry or raiment.

The Changeling Players Guide

When the Industrial Revolution arrived with the hiss
and roar of the steam engine, the nockers despaired. They
couldn't resist the siren song of chugging boilers and gears,
but everything seemed to be made of iron. Some nockers
could overcome their inherent loathing of the dread metal,
but most could not. They began to convince mortals to
experiment with new alloys and metal-building out of steel or
aluminum. Nockers began to experiment fervently with
smelting and mixing techniques, and came up with many new
alloys that are in use today, freeing them to tinker to their
hearts' delight.

Nockers took to mechanical engineering with the same
verve they took to smithing thousands of years back. Soon
nockers began to produce exquisite chimerical clocks, and in
a large freehold near Halifax, a nocker machinist created a
chimerical railroad.

As mundane humanity progressed more rapidly, chang-
ing their artistic views and technology, the nockers moved
with them. In the '30s, nockers reached a new height as
modernism blended the worlds of engineering and art. In the
"50s, nockers took the space race to their bosoms. The new
technology of science fiction began to filter into the discus-
sions of the Dreamers and then into the consciousness of the
nockers. It was at this time that a tentative alliance with the
cabal of mages known as the Sons of Ether was formed. When
the space missions of the 60s discovered the airless void of the
final frontier, the relationship became strained due to differ-
ing opinions, and has largely deteriorated at this point.

It is said that nockers still hold the secret to chimera
creation. It is well-known that with the aid of forge and tools,
a nocker can create simple non-living chimera. This ability
puts the nockers in a position of great esteem, as it is they, and


they alone, who can fashion new pieces of the Dreaming for
the rest of the Kithain. A team of 10 nockers, pooling their
Glamour, sweat, tears and blood, forged the mighty blade
Caliburn, which is wielded by the High King.

Accicudes

Nockers are drawn to the cutting edge
of technological and artistic innova-
tion. Although their dour natures and
sharp tongues make it hard for them
to be taught, once they learn the
techniques of the newest craft,
they quickly become known as
eccentric geniuses in their fields,
daring many brave souls to
weather the scathing wit of a
nocker simply to be able to
witness their creations. Most
do not last long under the bar-
rage and leave the maestro alone
again, perhaps hurting the sensi-
tive soul that isanocker's greatest
secret, and which fuels their en-
deavors.

For nockers, people are a mys-
tery. Unlike wood, stone or steel,
people are mercurial and have such
brittle feelings. Nockers claim they
have no use for the wild shifts of
emotion and clouded judgment that
seem endemic to the rest of the
fae, and would rather simply
have a chisel and a block of
wood, or a wrench and a stub-
born nut. The truth is that
nockers, for all their bluster,
have souls as poetic as those
of any other Kithain. One of
their failings is that it seems
the only way for nockers to
express that fact is through
their work.

Older and wiser fae can
see that a nocker's master-
piece is a pure striving for a
perfect thing; a striving
marred by the eternal tragedy
of the nocker character, for the
nocker can never reach that per-
fection. Nocker sages disagree on why this
isso. Some feel it is due to having been partly spawned by the
dark side of creativity; others wonder if it is due to the fact that
nockers cannot stop shaving those last few flecks of wood or

crosswiring that last junction, which tends to push the object
past the pinnacle of perfection. In any case, most nockers
prefer to work on their chosen projects than take the time to
be civil to those who would try to be their friends.
Having decided to eschew the common bonds of polite-
ness, the nockers developed a complex ritual of insults
and disparagements that constitute greetings and
familiarity. Between nockers this is as natu-
ral as two businessmen shaking hands. It
would not be so notable if not for the
unfortunate tendency of nockers to take
this habit out into the rest of the
world with them. A nocker will
greet an acquaintance with a
simple "Good morning,
horseface," and be honestly
baffled why the person in
question has taken offense.
Nockers find themselves at
the mercy of the Art of Sover-
eign an awful lot.

Most of these ridiculing
comments are good-natured,
but when a nocker is upset,
given that they have a much
wider vocabulary to choose

from, it's not uncommon to hear
anocker cursing for minutes at
a stretch. If more people un-
derstood the reasons behind
the creative cursing of
nockers, they would be wel-
comed into many more social
circles then they are now.
Having been present at
many major technological
paradigm shifts, nockers
have somewhat of a repu-
tation among the spirits
and Inanimae of the ma-
chine world. Knowing
whatanocker is capable of
doing to a recalcitrant
machine with nothing
more than a pencil and a
socket wrench is enough to
scare most machines into behaving.
The fact that nockers like to use their
Arts to frighten their machines and equip-
mentwith inventive, gear-chillingand usually
quite graphic threats, does nothing to alleviate the
situation. As a result, nocker machinery is the most reliable,
safe and terrified equipment a person can own. Machinery

Chapter Two: The Kuch Society 69

»


can be scared so silly by a nocker, that simply growling at an
engine block has been known to start it up.

Nockers are creative frenzy personified and sharpened to
a fine point. When they decide to do something, come what
may, they will achieve their goals. This single-minded deter-
mination can sometimes slip into a full-blown obsession,
coloring everything the nocker does. However, the same
devotion to an ideal or person makes a nocker who promised
to help one of the most loyal and truly devoted friends
possible. The only drawback to a nocker's friendship are the
nicknames.

There are nockers who enjoy the social whirl of the
courts and oathcircles. They attack the social dynamic with
the fervor their brethren use on machinery. They are often
extremely perceptive, and although their tongues are scath-
ing, the criticism is usually right on the mark. These few are
highly prized advisors to some nobles, but others whisper that
a nocker knocking on the door of the nobility may be a
dangerous thing. The boggans are well-known opponents of
the nockers in court, and the boggans' ability to manipulate
social strings has thus far left most nockers without a voice.

Organizacion

Nockers tend to live alone in the midst of others. Many
lords have a nocker on call to create chimerical weapons and
armor, and perform other such tasks. Such nockers are usually
given a room or shop in a secluded part of a freehold, where
they may tinker and create (or explode) their contraptions to
their heart's content. Nockers are also found in small base-
ment labs or weekend machine or wood shops.

Many nockers live nomadic existences, alone in the
company of others, taking jobs as roadies for a band, or
working in the boiler rooms of ships. Other professions
include architects, engineers or handymen. It is here where
they come into conflict with boggans, who see the home as
their purview.

The Dreamers nockers prefer to associate with include
those who can see the Glamour and beauty in science and
engineering, as well as those who love fine, detailed work and
making sure that every aspect of something is correct before
finishing it. Computer programmers, architects, carpenters,
blacksmiths and engineers of any stripe are all good choices
by a nocker's criterion.

Nockers live seldom together, but the results are usually
spectacular, like the infamous Goblin Town in New York
(detailed in Freeholds and Hidden Glens.) Another large
freehold of nockers lives in California, near Silicon Valley,
where they work on the Glamourous possibilities of the
microprocessor. A recent contract for the largest chip manu-
facturer in the U.S. resulted in embarrassment for both the
nockers and the company when the chip would occasionally
forget how to do arithmetic.

When nockers do congregate and live together, their
dwellings are usually filled with clutter both chimerical and
real. These range from the '50s weird science contraptions
(combination prune-pitter and yogurt-squirter) to the subtly
beautiful (a carved wooden figure of someone's true love). All
manner of devices are worked into the constructions, from
the automated door-openers to the adjust-o-matic breakfast-
makers. The dwelling itself needs constant upgrade and
repair; of course a nocker wouldn't have it any other way.

Every established nocker craftsman has a trademark. The
trademark is a symbol that can be scaled up or down but usually
is no more than a 1/16th inch square. Trademarks can denote
house, title or oathcircle, but more often are simply personal
symbols of the nocker's pride in her work. The cataloging of
trademarks began around C.E. 800 asa way of stemming the tide
of inferior (to the nockers) boggan and eshu crafts and items. In
time, trademarks became the symbol of a nocker's reputation.
Anocker feels that if something substandard was designed with
her trademark, it is a stain on her personal honor. More than
one duel has been fought due to a trademark dispute. Trade-
marks and their owners are the purview of the master council.

The "master council" is made up of six nockers, three
Seelie, three Unseelie. They are the final arbiters and record-
ers of all trademarks. For many years, a nocker had to travel
to the council to present her work to gain her trademark. Now
the aspiring craftsperson simply must send a photo or blue-
prints with a design fora trademark. If there is no conflict with
an existing trademark, it is entered. A group of nockers, most
often a family or oathcircle, may share a trademark if they so
wish. If a nocker presents someone with a piece lacking a
trademark, it is certain to be substandard in some way.

An interesting note is that it is possible for other Kithain
to gain a nocker trademark. The process is much more
rigorous and slanted quite unfairly, but there have been those
who succeeded. Without exception, they rose to be some of
the greatest craftspeople of their generation.

Courcs

Nockers began their existence as the goblins of the
Unseelie, and those of the Unseelie today still call themselves
such. As the Unseelie lords in the past would pour most of
their resources into war, and as the goblins tired of making
nothing but weapons, many began to see a brighter way of life
with the Seelie Court. They were welcomed, being master
craftspeople, but a tinge of that dark past remained in their
brusque manners and sharp tongues. Soon after the mass
defections, the kith started to become known as nockers, due
to their habit of rapping on objects to test their worthiness.

Seelie Nockers

Seelie nockers tend to dress in workclothes and a toolbelt

with funky gadgets while tinkering, and choose leathers and a
peaked cap for court. Nockers are fierce about their indepen-


Ouclook

Boggans

Seelie Nockers: Right, dis Glamourpuss walks in and
puts six pairs of shoes onna table. He looks at me and says
how he worked real hard, look at how all six are exactly
alike. Sure dey're alike. Dey're ugly as &$#@! and da soles
suck, but dey's all alike. No pride in dere work is da problem.

Unseelie Nockers: Let them tinker with shoes and toys
and making plain stuff for plain folks. Their quality stinks,
but at least they aren't in competition where it counts —
their weapons suck.

Cshu

Seelie Nockers: So I'm trying to work on a really intri-
cate custom bracer for some @#!%* the Duke wants to
honor, except he's always too busy telling stories, or adven-
turing, orscamming someone to come in and model. What's
the point? Besides, anything I told the @#$!%&* would be

all over court in a week.

Unseelie Nockers: Their scimitars are sharp, and their
tongues are even sharper. You can pick up a good insult or
three from ‘em but if you let something slip, hey, it's your
funeral, Don't trust them as far as I can spit a dead rat.

Dooka

Seelie Nockers: | wonder if I cut off dem rabbits ears, can
l improve da reception on my TV? Nah, I'd have to get too
close to one of dem @#!$(@s to do it.

Unseelie Nockers: Little bunny pooka running through the
forest. | made a leg-hole trap. Now I got a !|@#$%*ing carpet.

Redcap

Seelie Nockers: (shudder) Listen, they can eat a '57
Buick and pick their teeth with a spark plug. | ain't going to
pick a fight with the @*$!#s, and neither should you. If you
can swing it, though, get ‘em to fight on your side.

Unseelie Nockers: Cool !@#\%$ers, I keep one around asan
organic recycling bin. I understand his chains chafe. Oh, well, as
long as he don't get free, I don't have to clean up after myself.

dence, and will sometimes go the extra distance just to be
different. Seelie nockers build things with round organic lines and
creative or constructive uses. They feel that they complement
their Unseelie brethren and enjoy working in unison with them.

Unseelie Nockers

Unseelie nockers tend to go for the worn leather smock
and heavy tools for their crafting. For court, when they bother
to show, they generally wear a ratty T-shirt and jeans pock-

Sacyrs

Seelie Nockers: Right. Let's party, and drink, and make love,
and who cares that the world is probably going to Winter ina
handbasket, we're too busy partying into the night. Gods, they
had better wake up before Banality eats ‘emall. NotthatI'dmind.

Unseelie Nockers: Oh, them. Sure, get ‘em drunk, then
lead ‘em off the edge of a cliff. Save everyone some
aggravation. Wastes of space.

Sidhe

Seelie Nockers: Who cares if it's shoddy as boggan-
work, it's gold-plated! Take all the dross you like! An easy
commission and a minimum of work. It's not like these
guys can tell the difference, inbred 4@$!&/1%s.

Unseelie Nockers: (snicker) I once sold aduke a gold-plated
sword made of the steel I had left over from shoeing his horse.
He still wears it as if it were some mighty blade of magic. Cheat
‘em. If they catch you, tell them how powerful and gracious they
are and all that horse@#&!, and you'll get away with it,

Sluagh

Seelie Nockers: Heh. I suppose you could strain their hair
for the oil to do a lube job, but other than that, if they want
to stay in their hidey-holes contemplating their rats, go for
it. Be careful — occasionally they pull out a surprising little
device they found, and you'll itch to get your hands on it.

Unseelie Nockers: Great folks: Sure they're a little
rank, and they live, well, in a sewer, but they can have the
neatest stuff! Just wear nose plugs.

Trolls

Seelie Nockers: Listen — if there aren't any othernockers
around, trolls are as good as any hang around with. Don't get
them started about the good old days, ‘cause they ain't too
bright and will probably ignore all your subtle clues to shut up.

Unseelie Nockers: They did us a lotta favors in the old
days, so if you're working for one, give it your best shot. Of
course, usually they ain't so swift, but if you poke ‘em hard
enough, they'll get the idea.

marked with burns from the sparks shooting from the forge.
They are proud they never went over to the Seelie Court and
crow about it constantly. Unseelie nockers build things with
studs, sharp edges, weapon capabilities and nifty ways of
blowing things up. Unseelie nockers don't particularly mind
their Seelie counterparts, but do feel a vague sense of disdain
about the fact that so many defected across the lines. The
Unseelie will work with their Seelie brethren, provided
there's something in it for them.

Chapter Two: The Kich Sociez Uy


certainly something I will never use.

— Rasputin, pooka street poet

Pooka have a reputation for tomfoolery and hijinks. Their
playful natures make them both beloved and hated among the other
fae. Somewhat childlike throughout their lives, the pooka never
outgrow their penchant for pranks. However, despite the outward
playfulness of the pooka, they hide a lingering sadness deep within.
The clown ofthechangelings, pooka laugh on the outside to hide their
suffering on the inside. At times, pooka fall into wrenching periods of
depression that last for weeks on end. Whenever this happens, they
tend to disappear, returning once their spirits have lifted.

Most other changelings do not understand this dual
nature of the pooka, and few ever take them seriously. This
stems perhaps from the fact that every pooka has an animal
affinity that affects his looks as well as his personality. Most
pooka tend toward the terminally cute, with fuzzy ears and big
eyes. Most have tails similar to those of their animal cousins.

However, those who understand the pooka respect and listen
intently to them. The expression "from the mouths of babes" certainly
applies tothem. They have the innate ability to cut through the fogand,
with innocent wisdom, to understand most situations. Unfortunately,
few ever do listen to them because of their limitless tendency to lie.

Background

The pooka were born of the dreams of mortals who wished for a
better, more carefree life. These mortals envied animals their relaxed
lifestyle. Catssleep in the sun throughout the day; puppiesromp and play
at their leisure. Horses have no chores to do, no taxes to pay. Animals
havenothingmore todo than eat, sleep and learn about the world. Thus,

early legends said the pooka ate, slept and watched all that happened

around them. They, like the wise animals, were believed to understand
more about the world and its workings than their mortal Dreamers.

To mortals of the early Middle Ages, tales of pooka
provided entertainment. Then, with the arrival of Christian
morality, the pooka began to change. No longer did they merely
lounge around like the animals; they became nuisances, mis-
chievous ne'er-do-wells whose idleness made them
troublemakers. Christian preachings taught that to be idle was
to commune with the Devil. The pooka's inability to tell the
truth also became an integral part of the mythology at this time.
Stories about pooka became parables to teach the young the
dangers of laziness, inactivity and falsehood.

ie The Changeling Diayers Guide

Despite this, the pooka kept many aspects of what they were
before the influence of Christian morals. The pooka never stopped
watching and listening to the world around them. They remained
ever-vigilant, peeking in windows, always looking for a prank or a gag
to pull. They also never became mean-spirited. The pooka remained
afriendly and well-meaning, ifsomewhat annoying and amoral, faerie.
Above all else, they kept their desire to cheer up those who needed it.

Accicude

The pooka are much more aware than the cute and carefree
pranksters they appear to be. These enigmatic fae see with their
hearts what others cannot see with their eyes. Because of their
innocence, they felt the Sundering more sharply than any other
changeling kith, and they continue to feel the weakening of the
Dreaming. They sense Banality closing in on them and see it in
omens and signs everywhere. This explains the perpetual, though
hidden, inner pain endured by the pooka. And yet, they will not
give in to this sorrow for long. They understand that to do so would
be to surrender to Banality. Although they may slip into fits of
depression, they climb back up as quickly as possible to continue
their mission of bringing goodwill and laughter to the world.

Although all pooka may not do so consciously, they use their
pranks and games and even their lies to tip the balance back toward
the Dreaming. Their silliness serves as their weapon against the
darkness that wouldswallow the world. Quite consciously, the pooka
realize the burden that they have taken upon themselves as the
jesters of the world. They step forth into territory where others refuse
to go, playing the fool or risking the anger of their targets, only to
injecta bit of joviality and laughter into an otherwise gray existence.

Despite their open frivolity, pooka can tender their
behavior to fit the circumstances. When the situation re-
quires them to be serious, they can be. Deeply loyal, pooka
would never intentionally harm anyone they loved. Nor
would they make light of an intensely solemn moment.

However, pooka cannot bear to see people unhappy.
This stems from their own unbearable sadness. They always
attempt to cheer others up, even if they may not always
choose the appropriate method. And they greatly appreciate
any attempt to cheer them up as well.


Animal Affinicies

Every pooka has an affinity with a specific animal. Al-
though the type of animal varies greatly, most are those that live
close to mortals. These may be pets, farm animals or urban
hangabouts such as rats or pigeons. Although some claim to
have met lion and bear pooka, most people don't believe it.
Pooka affinities lean toward smaller, more friendly animals.

The pooka's animal nature will dictate much of his personal-
ity. Although every pooka is a unique individual, those sharing the
same animal affinity show similar traits. Forexample, cat pooka tend
to be sneakier in their pranks than excitable dog pooka, who jump
right in and don't care who knows that the prank was their idea.

Most pooka are born as mortals, although on the rare occasion,
they come into the world as animals. Those born in their animal form
have little or no chance of ever climbing far enough out of Banality to
discover their faerie seeming. Furthermore, they have only theiranimal
experience to draw upon when suddenly faced with this revelation.
They do not speak the language, and do not understand even the most
rudimentary aspects of how to survive. Most tend to go straight into
Bedlam unless guided by a very gentle hand through their Chrysalis.

Appearance

The pooka's animal natures give them certain attributes
to their faerie seeming. Nearly all pooka have tails and ears
that correspond to their animal counterparts. Their faces will
bear the characteristics of the animal. Many have a fine layer
of fur, softly colored, on their bodies, cheeks and hands.

No singular dress code exists for pooka, although many
prefer brightly colored, flashy clothing. Generally, their style
will walk hand-in-hand with their animal affinity. A cat pooka
may prefer sleek, close-fitting styles, whereas a dog pooka would
be more likely to wear things loose and sloppy, yet colorful.

Behefs

Even the pooka have limits to what they will and won't
do. Certain taboos are never to be broken.

Animals

No pooka will ever willfully harm an animal. They will go out

of their way to rescue a stranded cat or to guide a lost dog safely home.
They will not allow cruelty to animals, and will plague anyone they
see harming an animal. Often, they will inflict the wrongdoer with
whatever act he imposed on the animal. This may be as harmless as
causing a man kicking cat to trip and fall harshly on his hind end, or
itmay have more serious outcomes. The age-old practice of drowning
unwanted puppies and kittens in a burlap sack may result in the
prompt drowning of the murderer.

Children

Pooka also have a special place in their hearts for children. As
with animals, they will go out of their way to protect and help a child.
They find it extremely difficult to ignore a crying child, even if the

situation isnone of their business and they have better things todo. All
pooka believe that children will be the saviors of the Dreaming. Even
Unseelie pooka find it hard to be cruel or unkind to a child. Some
pooka may reveal themselves to mortal children, playing the role of
"secret friend" for many years. Many small children, usually five years
oldand younger, still have enough innocence and wonder left in them
that they can see the Glamour. However, when the day comes that the
child ceases to believe in the Glamour, that child can no longersee the
pooka's faerie nature. The devastation of losing sucha wonderful friend
to Banality often causes the pooka to fall into the Mists or Bedlam.

Organization

Pooka consider themselves to be
the members of a big, happy club. Sev-
eralattributescombinetomeldthepooka
intoa loyal band. They love toshare ideas
for jokes among each other, because, of
course, no one could understand a pooka
like another pooka. This feeling of being
misunderstood runs deep among pooka and
gives them a commonality that few of the other
kith experience.

Furthermore, the sadness that
resides in the heart of every pooka C AT
draws them together. Although they
never talk about it, they all know and
understand the feelings they have in
common, the fear that accompanies
the constant threat of Banality and the
sadness that comes with watching the
slow, withering death of the Dreaming.
Thus, this shared sympathy forms an even
stronger bond as they attempt to live up to
their self-perceived duty to remind others of the
lighter side of life.

The COUPde
CDardi Gras

Once a year, many pooka gather
togetherin New Orleansoron the French
Rivieraat Nice for Mardi Gras. They call
it their COUP de Mardi Gras, the "Con-
vention of Amiably Maladjusted
Pranksters." All pooka are welcome.
The convention begins with Mardi
Gras and lasts for a week.

Pooka converge on New Or-
leans from all over the world and
proceed to let loose. Held at a
swank convention centerdown-
town, the gathering usually
draws international media at-
tention, much to the delight
of the pooka. Like the


Shriners and the Moose, COUP has helped to give conventions their
bad name. Drinking and partying, hanging from chandeliers and
seducing hotel staff are common occurrences at these events. Fortu-
nately, the hotelsalwaysreceiveample reimbursement forall damages.

Every year at COUP, an unwritten challenge invites all
pooka to produce the best prank of the year. The winner is
crowned king for a day. He reigns on the last day of the conven-
tion, and his name becomes known throughout the world among
the pooka. Needless to say, the entire week produces nothing but
mass chaos as the pooka try to outdo each other's pranks.

Birchrights

Shapechanging

Each pooka is born with the ability to change into the natural
form of whichever animal they espouse. Thus, a cat pooka' may
become, at will, a cat. A pooka's shapechanging is unfortunately
limited to only the one form. A dog pooka may not change into a
pig, for example, or any other shape that she would like to try. The
transformation is total and complete. The pooka has at her disposal
all the abilities and disadvantages of the animal (including claws,
teeth, running, jumping, an inability or ability to climb, etc.).

Pooka never change form in front of witnesses. The reason for
this goes deeper than their embarrassment at being seen. It is not a
choice. In the dreams that created them, the pooka were naturally
drawn by curiosity to watch anyone around them. The means to
capturinga pookawas tocatch hiseyesand stare him down. Thepooka
was said to be unable to look away, like deer caught in headlights.

Although this remains only partially true, it has caused
them to never change form in a place where they can become
distracted by others. In the brief moment between forms, they
are at their most vulnerable. A second or two of disorientation
follows the transformation, leaving them open toattack. Whereas
originally the pooka chose not to change in front of others, over
the centuries they have found they cannot. They lost the option,
and now can only change when completely alone.

Confidanc

The pooka's natural empathy for the Dreaming extends to
other changelings and mortals as well. They have an instinct for
drawing people's secrets from them. Historically, the pooka are
excellent listeners. They truly do listen to what people tell them,
and this is their greatest tool in getting people to open up to them.
Through ages of practice, they have become so attuned to the
pain inthe world; from the overall suffering@of the Dreaming to
the individual anguish of their friends and acquaintances, that
they instinctively know which buttons to push to open the box.

| Railcies

lies

The inability to tell the truth is fundamental to all pooka.
It represents their rejection of Banality in the extreme. They

14 The Changeling Diayers Guide

mean no harm by it; they merely cannot help themselves. Every
sentence, every utterance that falls from their mouths must be
false. The pooka don't consider it lying; they say they have a
communication problem, or rather others have a listening
problem. They know exactly what they mean, even if no one
else does. Translating pooka-ese can be an exercise in patience.

Telling the truth is difficult, but not impossible for the pooka.
Insituations wherea falsehood would landher in serious trouble, the
pooka may make a concentrated effort to speak the truth.

Courcs

At one time, all pooka followed Seelie principles in their
endeavor to strengthen the Dreaming. Although they pulled
their pranks and sometimes hurt other's feelings, they did not
do so out of malice or anger. Relatively recently, however, some
pooka have become more bitter and vengeful. They stage their
jokes, not out of a desire to strengthen the Dreaming, but to slap
those who have fallen or would fall victim to Banality.

Seelie Dooka

Light-hearted and romantic, the Seelie pooka embrace
the concepts of love, beauty and honor. Although their defini-
tion of honor may seem to vary greatly from that of the sidhe or
the trolls, they would never betray a friend or break a promise.

Furthermore, these sweet changelings can be deceivingly fierce
in battle, particularly when their loved ones or friends are at risk.
Their loyalty runs deep, and they never break an oath, although they
don'tmake abigdeal out of iteither. Their loyalty isa subtle thing that
most wouldn't even notice except in the most critical of situations.

The Seelie pooka have an undeniable romantic streak that
makes them fun and loving partners. Instead of simply offering a
bouquet of flowers to his love, the pooka will have the bouquet pop
startlingly out of acan, or his sleeve, or the steering wheel of her car.

Unseelie Dooka

On the darker side of these prankster fae, Unseelie pooka
have been twisted by the sorrow that resides in them. They can
at times turn angry, cynical and bitter. Other changeling races,
and even their own Seelie kith, consider the Unseelie pooka
unpredictable and dangerous. Their sense of humor manifests
in cruel, cynical jokes and pranks that target those whom they
judge to be serving Banality, mortal and fae alike.

Rather than helping to cheer up someone who would bemoan
a loss, they react badly, often making it worse. A "stop-crying-
before-I-give-you-something-to-cry-about" attitude pervades their
kind. Weakniess.and sadness in-others makes them angry.

Despite this, even Unseelie pooka can charm a redeap.
When those around them are happy and having a good time,
Unseelie pooka forget their own sadness and ride the wave of fun.
In truth, they don't mean to be bad; they can't help reacting
hatefully to any sign of mundanity or Banality. Their resentment
goes so deep that they respond without thought or premedita-
tion, often causing emotional or physical harm to their targets.


Ouclook

Boggans

Seelie Pooka: Silly fools waste too much time. All work
and no play make boggans dull boys. If only they could give a
hearty laugh from time to time, their bellies wouldn't stay so
jiggly. Pull their ears and make bubbles in their beers. Still they
only stare with indignation and shame. But for a good bit of
gossip, the boggan will listen to a joke and even pretend to
enjoy it. Then the fun is work and work is fun to the boggan.

Unseelie Pooka: It's a wonder these tinkering idiots stay out
of the Mists with as much time as they spend on mundane
trivialities. Nothing's as much fun as messing up what they have
cleaned orslippinga bit of oil into their mop water just tosee them
slip and slide around before they fall. Oh, and they roll so well!

Cshu

Seelie Pooka: Don't be fooled by their serious demeanor. The
eshu love a good prank as much as any —as longas the punchline
is money in their pockets. No matter. It's the thought that counts.
Besides, eshu tell wondrous, fantastic, incredible, chimerical tales.
Goodenough to make one's ears twitch. Hang out withaneshu, and
adventure surely awaits justaround the comer. Aneshu'slifeforme!

Unseelie Pooka: Tosee the wonders of the world, hook upwith
aneshu. If that's no good, just listen to theirstories! But beware, for
an eshu's temper runs red-hot, and if the pranks get too personal
or too dangerous, they'll skin ya alive for it. No questions asked.

Nockers

Seelie Pooka: Why bother? These poor, lost souls crouch so
close to Banality thatthey lovemachinesmore than people. They're
gone, gone, gone. Piss-ants, They don'teven fight the current. They
embrace it, claiming to love their mundane little monstrosities,
preferring to watcha lube job overamagical sunset. They spit sparks
and cry gasoline — if they ever actually cry, that is. Which is
doubtful. Don't understand them. And it's mutual. Why bother?

Unseelie Pooka: Hock-toooey! It's a conspiracy, that's
what it is. No way they're truly fae! They rank right up there
with soap operas and detergent commercials. | know why
they come around, to sap our Glamour, then turn around
and reinvest it in Banality. A crank shaft here, a crank shaft
there, here a shaft, there a shaft, everyone gets shafted!

Redcap

Seelie Pooka: Ow! Hot! Hot! Don't touch! Redeaps bite and
sting, especially the rare literate ones. They are nightmares made
manifest. Each one is on a mission to eat and destroy. Very
counterproductive. Although they do make for good shock value.
Hell of a way to wake up though, with a redcap in your face.

Unseelie Pooka: Well, they sure don't fit anyone's
concept of mundane, that's for sure, and I suppose ya gotta
give ‘em credit for that. But, geez, guys, get asense of humor!
Biting off fingers and faces isn't that original.

Sazyrs

Seelie Pooka: Ride ‘em, cowboy! Yeehaw! Let's party, dude!
Their joy shines around them like dew on a bee's behind. An
inspiration to one and all. How could anyone find fault with the
satyrs? After all, they laugh at our jokes and join in our skits,
even if their only thought is to seduce the hero or heroine. Who
cares if their gaiety is purely self-centered? Who minds that they
have no thoughts for anything but their own crotches? In the
end, they lift everyone's spirits, and that is enough to know.

Unseelie Pooka: | have yet to find one sad hair ona satyr
— and believe me, I've looked. Very refreshing. If joy were
a cow, the satyrs would be the udders. I love these folks!

Sidhe

Seelie Pooka: Of all the great actors, the sidhe win the
booby prize. So taken by themselvesare they that they don'tsee
the satire in what they do. Oh-so-serious, yet they, with their
snotty manners and hoity-toity rules, produce the best comedy
of all. Step up, Monsieur Jourdain, bourgeois gentilhomme, and
takea bow. With snide comment and royal step you have slain
the audience, sent them rolling in the aisles, clutching their
guts and remembering why common is good.

Unseelie Pooka: Okay, so what if plaguing the sidhe is our
national pastime? They deserve it. Afterall, their whole existence
isajoke. They can hand it out, but can they take it? No. They take
it and take it and take it. Because we give it and give it and give
it. That's our jobs, and besides, they're too damn serious.

Sluagh

Seelie Pooka: Ay, yi, yi, yi. Canta no llores. For singing is
happy and happy is good. You'd be much more funny ifonly you
would. Cajones. It's too late. They're dead, Jim. Thank good-
ness they keep to themselves. Let's hope they're not contagious.

Unseelie Pooka: The world is going to shit, and these
greasy schmucks are the flies. Even boggans are productive.
These slimy worms don't do a damn thing. They don't laugh;
they don't even get mad when you slip spiders down their
dresses. How can you have any fun with a cold fish? Blechhh.

Trolls

Seelie Pooka: It is strongly recommended that you stand
behind the trolls. Literally. Big and brawny, they'll go to the
mat for smaller, weaker, gentler, sweeter, funnier,
nicer...ahem...fae, like us. The best ally is a troll. Can't go
wrong. And sometimes, they even exhibit a sense of humor!

Unseelie Pooka: What can you say about trolls? They
hold grudges, and their revenge usually isn't very much fun.
They laugh at your pranks as long as they're directed at
someone else, aren't terribly humiliating, and don't occur
before they've had their first cup of coffee. I guess they're
okay... most of the time.


The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear.

— H.P. Lovecraft, Supernatural Horror in Literature
Give me the finger, will ya? Fine, I'll just take it — and

yer other nine fer good measure!

— Jenny Greenteeth, Moregei terrorist

Let the sidhe and the trolls snipe about which came first;
both are lying bastards. We were the first kith, lads, and we
alone remember the Great Dark Age, before Bronze or Silver
or Gold, before the mortals and the bloodsuckers and the
wolfen, and even the fae.

Let the sidhe and the trolls speak of pedigree and
birthright, about their lairdship over the Dreaming. We were
the first rulers, and the land we ruled was the true Dreaming,
the Tir-na-Nog, the Fimbulwinter Country, though now the
sidhe have blasphemed it with the name Nightmare Realms.

Don't listen to the others, who speak of the Nightmare
Realms as an oh-so-horrid bugaboo. True nightmares, mind
you, are the grandest, most potent dreams of all. When your
blood turns to ice water and your nerves become cold,
crawling spider webs... aye, when're you more alive, lads?
When you watch His Imperial Highness the Grand Marquis
of Euffloria turn to a sniveling jelly before your tender
mercies... what's tastier than that, eh?

Well, except eating him afterward, of course.

Speaking of which... I hunger and thirst. Pass me that
bottle of MacAllen 25 Year and the duke's — er, ex-duke's —
legbone, laddie.

Ah, much better. Marinade's my own recipe, and you'll
have to best me in battle before I'll reveal my 13 secret herbs
and spices. Anyhow, lads, in the beginning, before fire and
beauty and lies, when the only dreams were of fear and gristle

and blood, all was a dark and roiling tempest — a whirling

maelstrom of delectable terror. Primordial monsters and half-
formed night-beasts dreamed in the great dark, and their
dreams burbled and congealed like a great blood pudding.
And out of the dreams of that inchoate world came the first
redcaps. Soon the wild things hailed us as their kings. And
this was as it should be, and as it shall be again.

But one day (the first day of the world) a bitter, hateful
light dawned, and from the light strode the Tuatha De
Danaan, the usurpers. And though the meatless beanpoles
could not best us in battle, they crept like maggots among the
world's creatures and taught them new, sickly-sweet, cotton-
candyish dreams — dreams of fire, dreams of beauty, dreams
of lies innumerable. And, empowered by these new dreams,
they cast an evil radiance upon the world and wove hateful
magics to deprive us of our demesne.

We fought, of course, as only Nightmare's warriors can,
and many a pretty elf-lord found his way into our maws. But
the sidhe called forth their cousins the trolls and used their
magics to enslave the creatures born from the new dreams.
Pissant boggans, shifty eshu, sour nockers... aye, the nobles
deployed all their puppets against us, not that it did ‘em any
good. We called up our nightmares, and wove ‘em into our
faces, and to this day none of the Seelie's timid chimera can
look on us without quailing.

But then the sidhe played their cunningest, most treach-
erous trick: the conjuring of a great ball of celestial Glamour
that blasted the very Dreaming. Aye, they lit the sun, lads,
and thus the usurpers call themselves "Seelie," for in the sun's
aura the majesty of our nightmares was reduced to puppetry
and shadow-shows.


7

-' @

a

-e

(Don't ever listen to the sidhe's lies, lads — about how
we were their house thanes, but betrayed the rest of the kith
to the Nightmare Powers and were ever after anathema. ‘Tis
a hateful untruth to stain our honor, ‘tis all.)

Under the moors and into the dankest caves they drove
us, far from the hateful sun (though in so doing they disturbed
the sleeping sluagh, who were angered by their wakening and
conspired against sidhe and redcap alike — but that is a tale
for another night). And their mightiest sorcerers conjured a
great stone of purest Glamour and sealed us there, down in the
dark. "Let them rot down there," they howled, "and sate their
appetite on each other." Aye, they didn't know redcaps, did
they?

While the sidhe drank the wine of victory, we drank the
stagnant water of the deepest caves. Some of us grew ill and
died, but others lived. While the trolls quaffed mead, we
licked the scum from the bottom of the cave-pools and
slurped the crawling things within. Some of us grew ill and
died, but not all. While our kith's traitors feasted on
venison and gazelle, we ate frogs and cave-things and
poison toadstools. Yet more of us per-
ished, but a few still stood. And
when there was no more to eat —
well, the very rocks became
fuel for-our hate.

And then, lads, we chewed our way out of the sidhe's
prison, and for the first time in years felt the stars on our faces.
And we discovered that something very interesting had
happened during our exile.

You see, the other fae had to live in the world they'd
made. And from the sun-baked dust of the new age had sprung
others who didn't so readily fit into the sidhe's pretty plans.
Sons of Adam, Daughters of Eve... call ‘em what you will, the
coming of the mortals helped us throw a right good kink in the
usurpers' soap-bubble agenda. You see, we soon learned that
the mortals dreamed even better than the fae. And so we went
sneaking out at night, making damn sure the mortals had
plenty of scary things to dream about.

The sidhe, blast their hides, also learned of the power
inherent in mortals' dreams. But this would prove their greatest
weakness. For in their arrogance they issued sole claim to the
mortals and their Dreaming. We, of
course, didn't rightly

pay a bit of at-
tention.


But the sidhe's edict didn't sit so well with their "subjects."

The trolls were the first to revolt, and then the nockers.
Ah, the blood spilt, the bones broken, the brains splattered!
Almost as good as we could've done! The fae war spilled into
the mortal realms, and the mortals' horror in those days...
Oh, lads, nine-course Glamour-feasts for us every night, it
was. Finally, the mortals could take no more, and their dreams
cried out to separate themselves from the sidhe tyrants. And
thus began that time called the Sundering, when the sidhe's
deceit-woven constructs began detaching themselves from
the mortals' realm. (Aye, in these days of parley and truce, we
talk a fair game about reuniting Earth and Arcadia. That's all
crap, lads. We'll make the Dreaming ours and stuff Arcadia
down the sidhe's skinny arses.)

During those days, many of the servitor fae joined us as
vassals, pledging themselves to our task of wiping out the
sidhe and trolls once and for all. You know they don't call it
"Unseelie" for naught, lads. Unseelie — the Shadow Court
— the Hidden Rememberers — all those who swore to
remain free from the sidhe's yoke. From the caverns and
moors we launched an unending campaign to free the Dream-
ing from those who would stifle it. Even a few sidhe, disgusted
with the tyranny of their brethren, joined us.

Oh, how we tarnished their Golden Age! From the
mortals' nightmares we fashioned all manner of servants —
the Cainites, who scourge the world to this night (Caine, as
all fae know, was a redcap of yore); the Lupines, whose noble
efforts to save humanity from its poisons rack up a body count
impressive even by our standards; the mages, who in their
quest to better the world spawn everything from pestilence to
genocide... ] could go on and on. One horror after another we
introduced into the world, and the terrified screams of the
mortals were our wine and sweetmeats.

You see, fear is the key to power, lads. Death is nothing
—the tyrants'Il just come back in the bodies of their seemings'
brats. But fear — ah, now, there's a weapon. Paralyze the
mind, paralyze the dreams, aye? When Their Highnesses are
too terrified even to dream, then all their sorcery turns to
rotting nightmares... and who is said to be spawned of
nightmares, eh?

Aye, we took to our task with abandon! During the
Sundering, the time others call the Mythic Age, how the
peasants feared us! Even the nobles knew to stay indoors on
certain nights of the year. For every tawdry wonder the sidhe
and their slaves concocted, we fashioned a thousand terrors
for the mortals' edification. The mortals whispered stories of
our atrocities, and so powerful did we become that we even
besieged a few of their border castles. From these strongholds
our corbies sallied forth by night against mortal and fae alike.

Finally, of course, the Tuatha De Danaan could take no
more, and ran mewling back to the land from whence they'd
come. ‘Course, things were a bit tough for us in those days,
too, since the mortals were becoming so dull they didn't even
have enough imagination for nightmares.

The Changeling Diayers Guide

Times were lean for a while, lads, though we filled our
bellies more than most fae. Finally, Banality grew so heavy that
redcap and boggan, troll and nocker, Seelie and
had to unite

all fae
Unseelie, even the ragtag remnants of the sidhe
or perish. But through it all, we never forgot the real war.

That war continues still, lads, though the sidhe of these
days fancy we're all for one and one for all against dread
Banality. Nightly the Shadow Court waxes ascendant. Nightly
the jaws of nightmare clench tighter. Every prison riot, every
"homeland," every drive-by, every "ethnic cleansing," every
landfill — it comes, lads! Can you not taste it? That bite on the
wind — it's a harbinger of the coming Fimbulwinter. Even
the Prodigals whisper of it, though they christen it "Gehenna"
or "Apocalypse" or what have you. Soon the sidhe and the
trolls and all the rest will fall, and out will go the sun, and then
we'll go a-merrily, merrily huntin' across the entire world.
Then into this world of darkness will come the New Dark
Age, when all will be a world of nightmare once more, and in
the tempest of our hate and fear we will rule in splendor and
glory forever.

Courts

Not only do most redcaps belong to the Shadow Court,
but (according to their legends) redcaps are responsible for
the Unseelie Court's existence. The fact that few redeaps
actually hold positions of great rank within the Unseelie
seems to make little difference to them (though pointing it
out to a redcap is a sure way to incite a brawl).

Redcaps carry the Unseelie Court's agenda one step
further. Born as they are from nightmares, many redcaps view
the infamous Nightmare Realms not as a hell, but as.a savage,
primal paradise — a place where their way of life is not only
tolerated but lauded. These redcaps actively seek to twist
humanity's dreams to vistas of dread, thereby increasing the
Nightmare Realms' incursion into the material sphere.

Seelie redcaps (and there are a few) have a tough time of
it. Not only are they distrusted by those fae with whom they
have chosen to ally, but they are virtual pariahs within their
own kith. To redcaps, the Seelie are mawkish usurpers and
corrupters of the world's natural state, and redcaps who ally
with them are no better. Seelie redcaps fanatically, almost
frantically, uphold the Escheat and the Seelie codes.

Pure Couture

Weaponry for redcaps is more ornamental than utilitar-
ian. After all, when one can devour anything living, dead or
in between, one has little need of killing tools.

This is not to say that redcap weaponry is not destruc-
tive; on the contrary, redcaps are infamous for the carnage
they spread. It's just that, for redcaps, the fear a weapon
induces and the gore it produces are more important than the
actual lethality of the tool. (Indeed, redcaps like their prey to
linger a bit....) A stiletto in the kidneys, while certainly


Redcaps and

che Escheat

¢ The Right of Demesne — I love ta serve
nobles. Sometimes I serves ‘em ina pie; sometimes
I serves ‘em medium rare; sometimes I serves ‘em
with fava beans and a nice Chianti. Yeah, the
joke's an oldie, but a goodie, eh?

¢ The Right to Dream —I like it when mortals
dream. I done inspired creativity in this one mortal's
mind real good. This suit, he's a stodgy, boring old
middle management type — real Autumn Person,
tight? So me an' his wife, we played a fun prank on
‘im. He comes home from work one day, he finds his
wife in the kitchen. And in the den. And in the
garage. And in the washer/dryer. And in the micro-
wave. And so on. That was three years ago, and he's
been dreamin' real nice about it ever since. When-
ever | need a Glamour fix, I just go by his sanitarium
cell and yum, yum, yum!

¢ The Right of Ignorance — Don't much see
this as a problem, eh? I reveal meself to humanity
all the time, it's just that they don't so much live
ta tell about it.

© The Right of Rescue — Glamour helps
those wot helps ‘emselves, eh?

¢ The Right of Safe Haven — No problem —
any Kithain in danger is free ta step inta me pantr
— er, haven.

* The Right of Life — "No Kithain shall spill
the lifeblood of another Kithain. No Kithain shall
bring salt tears unto the earth." Fair enough — no
lifeblood gits spilt when I'm a-huntin'. I catch itall
in me cap first! An' what I don't catch, I drink up
right on the spot. Lettin' yummy blood splatter on
the ground's a waste 0' good eatin'!

y

Such tools even play a part in redcap fashion. Younger
tedcaps, dissatisfied with wimpy practices like tattooing and
piercing, bore screws, nails, drill bits and the like straight into
their bones. Epidermal razors, knuckle-implanted fishhooks,
and bodysuits of barbed wire, while only marginally practical,
scare the shit out of foes.

Organization

Though they scorn the protocol of the sidhe's courts,
redcaps are far more organized and hierarchical than an
outside observer might suspect. While not the spit-and-
polish equals of the trolls' legions, redcap bands observe a
degree of orderliness surprising in such destructive beings.
Even redcaps' most anarchic, violent orgies are often care-
fully orchestrated —redcaps construct carnage with clockwork
meticulousness. Such efficiency is a necessary survival trait
for these most despised of Kithain. Then, too, redcaps enjoy
inflicting discipline for its own sake.

Redcap warbands are called "corbies" (perhaps a corruption
of "coterie," perhaps a reference to the flocks of crows that follow
ravenous redcap hordes). Within acorby, discipline is tight; most
corbies have their own personalized military maneuvers, which

It is ironic that among the chauvinistic red- @
caps, perhaps the most dreaded corby is the

all-female Moregei — a subversive terrorist sister-
hood of cannibal hags. Worshippers of the ancient
Celtic mother-goddess, the Moregei have spread a
legacy of terror among mortal and fae alike down the
centuries. Once only grumps were allowed into the
Moregei, but recent times and the sidhe's return have
fostered the hags' recruitment of younger, more vital
members. Actual age matters little anyway; the
Moregei can weave cantrips that allow them toslough
off their human seemings while hunting, allowing
their prey to view them in all their hideousness.
Moregei teeth are sharp, not blunt, and the hags'

appetites awe even their gluttonous brothers-in-arms.

es

SS,

practical, does not provide nearly the same visceral pleasure
as a carpet-cutter in the face — or, better yet, a chainsaw
through each of the prey's limbs, one by one. A clean shot
through the heart with a .22 is not nearly as terrifying, or
satisfying, as blowing off a foe's arm with a hollowpoint .45
shell. As the grump warrior Dirk the Eviscerator says: "If ye
kin tell yer foes apart when yer done — ye ain't done yet."

For this reason, redcaps often prefer to modify the tools
of industry and domesticity. Redcaps consider it a delicious
irony to take a boggan chef's favorite cheese grater and scrape
off his face with it. Chains, nails, buzzsaws, rivet guns, razors,
icepicks, power sanders, shock prods and the like replace
swords, knives and other conventional arms. Furthermore, in
the modern technological age, such weapons assume a sym-
bolism conducive to the spread of nightmares.

<a
LUI RAL ERE

The leader of the Moregei is the wilder Annie
MacMaeven. Her deceptively soft-spoken, meek
seeming earns her the nickname of "Gentle Annie."
This illusion (and everything else in the vicinity) is
violently rent asunder when she assumes her kith
form: the Black Annis, an eight-foot-tall juggernaut
of razor-lined skin, steel-tipped fangs and barbed
talons. Othermembers include the ancient fimmrach
Badba; the wilder skirmisher Jenny Greenteeth,
whose recent "courtly" tryst with the Unseelie troll
Jack-in-Irons has inflamed the Moregei and amassed
a Mickey-and-Mallory-Knoxesque body count; and
the Druagha, allegedly responsible for the drowning
deaths of several Seelie childlings.

Chapcer Two: The Kich Society


are executed with impressive precision. Rivalry among corbies is hold. Redcap lairds comprise some of the most odious tyrants in

tierce, as each corby seeks to inspire grislier ballads and garner mortal or fae history, but redcaps often follow strong lairds,
ghastlier mementos. Some corbies have existed for centuries, preferring the brutal rule of a fellow kith to the aegis of the sidhe.
through dozens of incarnations; these corbies have their own Of course, any laird, no matter how tyrannical, can be
usurped. Lairds must periodically reaffirm their right to rule by

taking on meritorious challengers in single combat. (A chal-

legends, banners, trophies, heroes and other historical dross.
Status among redcaps is garnered by a host of accomplish-
ments. First and foremost is the ability to instill terror. Redcaps — lenger must be deemed worthy; uppity whelps who sass their

at least the Unseelie ones — gain most of their Glamour through betters may be summarily beaten by the laird's guards, with no loss

nightmares, and the ability to induce dread is a vital component of face accruing to the challenged party.) The battle is, naturally,
of redcap logistics. Redcaps also earn points among their peers by
displaying the ability to endure and inflict excruciating pain. In
general, the more a redcap is talked about and the less a redcap is

todeath or incapacitation. The winner is crowned (orrecrowned)
laird; the loser gives up his flesh for the ruler's coronation feast.

Even more dreaded than the lairds, however, are the
talked to, the greater her status. Like all fae, redcaps enjoy stories fimmrach, redcaps who specialize in the Arts and Realms. Few
and honor peers elevated in tales or songs. The only difference is redcaps have the aptitude or brains to become fimmrach, but
in the types of tales and songs redcaps prefer to feature in. those who do often become fiendishly powerful, able to exert

As arule, redcaps are indifferent to freeholds, preferring to terror in ways unimaginable to their warrior kin. Even the most
battle-hardened redcap quails at the thought of a centuries-

long fimmrach curse. The most powerful fimmrach, the

Ravage mortals or "Reverie" Glamour from mortals' nightmares.
However, certain redcaps — those who have proved their tough-
declare themselves "lairds."

ness and savagery many times over witch-kings or hag-queens, often rival the sidhe's mightiest

Redcaps often become lairds by forcibly occupying a sidhe free- sorcerers and rule over vast demesnes of blighted, miasmal land.

Stereotypes

The stereotypes below represent an outlook inherent to the Unseelie Court, Seelie redcaps, you see, learn very quickly
to keep their mouths shut.

Boggans

Aw, is'm scairt? Izza wittle boggan afwaid of da Big Bad
Wedcap? Yer knees are shakin' like Gooshy-Gooze, boy!
Don't want weak knees, do ya, toothsome? Well, then, let
me an' my crowbar here just help you fix ‘em....

Cshu

Been there, done that, these eshu. Like to see the world,
go anywhere — hell, go everywhere at once. Me ‘n' my boys
helped outa globetrottin' eshu the other night. Started talkin'
‘bout ever'thin' she's seen, ever'thin' she wants to see. Figured
itweren't right thatshe could only be in one place at one time.
So we got our Kawasakis and faced ‘em in six different
directions and riveted a piece of her to each bike and then we
drove off. Ain't we just friggin' Samaritans?

Nockers

Leave just enough of ‘em alive so they can build ya the
tools to gokill everything else. And I don't care what you've
heard about them bein' good vittles — all the nockers I've
ever et have given me either constipation or diarrhea.

PDooka

Like my daddy useta say: "A pooka what got no tongue
can't lie." And don't throw it away after you've extracted it;
ground up, it makes fer some really tasty sausages.

The Changeling Diayers Guide

Sacyrs

One-track minds, these. Their brains are in their
crotches. Kinda fun to lobotomize ‘em, if ya catch my drift.

Sidhe

Tightasses who think their shit don't stink. Nothin' a
properly inserted circular saw blade can't fix.

Sluagh

Tough an' stringy an' bitter, with a bite like mush-
rooms that've been growed in shit too long. Marinade ‘em
first, ya should be all right. Just make sure ya cut their
glands out first, so their bile don't pizen ya, like a slimy
puffer fish or somethin'. And for Nightmares' sake, kill all
their kin! I trow, hearin' that scratchin' at the foot o' yer
bed and that sickly whisper about how they're gonna
getcha when ya sleep — ‘t's enough to turn yer cap white,
it is.

Trolls

Hamstrings, hamstrings, hamstrings! Fun partis, once
ya got ‘em helpless, they're so big and tough that they can
take anything ya throw at ‘em for weeks. Kinda like a giant
pifiata. An' then, when yer done playin', oh, the chili ya
ken cook with the leavin's....

Q

(
(
(
(
f
(
(
(
f
f
"
(
(
(-
(


What're you laughing at, Prince Charming? You want
satyrs? Well, I got your satyrs right here! Haw haw haw!

—Phillipe Le Noir, anonymous satyr

Sure, we're fun to look at, if you like hairy legs and naked
breasts, but when was the last time you wondered who we are?
"If you looked past antics you envy but despise, you'd see
yourself in a satyr's eyes." It's true — we're your id incarnate,
pretty boy, the dreams you wake from with excuses and sticky
sheets. All the things you want to do and won't, we are. And
because we're so very much ourselves, we know — and we do
— things you'll be left dreaming of all your life. Sucks to be
you, my little friend. Don't bang your hard-on in the door
when you leave!

Carnality, it is said, is a two-faced lover: one mouth
caresses while the other one bites. Satyrs are carnality un-
bound — earthy, reckless, lusty and ultimately seductive.
While higher minds speak of progress and honor, the satyrs
whisper, "To hell with it all. Dance awhile, screw around.
Have a drink on me, pal, and keep the change." With their
music and magic, these kith unshackle the libido, drawing
forth passion and inspiration. It may not be the safest way to
live, but it sure ain't boring. And as satyrs know, there is
wisdom — and liberation — in excess.

Discory

Few dreams are as potent as the fantasies of lust. Yet for
any society to prosper, lusts must be channeled, reined in and
sometimes suppressed. In dreams, of course, all things sup-
pressed find their way out. And from the first dreams of lust,
the satyrs came out to play.

From the earliest days, humans have fought to rise above
their animal natures and achieve a higher state. The "base"
appetites which all people share, however, cannot be denied,
and all creativity has passion at its roots. When the first
talesingers wove audiences' passions with their own, the
offspring bore aspects both human and animal. Snakes spoke
in tempting voices, fish-women sang on the seacoasts, bull-
men waited in darkened labyrinths, and those who heard the
tales burned with lust for them. Dangerous as they were, these

dreamspawn seduced even the most virtuous mortals with
wet, forbidden pleasures, then carried them off to dance and
drink at midnight before returning them at dawn. The first
satyrs were busy folk, more playful than malicious, and the
people loved to join the fun.

As stories became myths, these "lustee sprites" became
sirens and beast-men. As tribes became cities, the thousand
shapes of lust settled into archetypes. In the earliest days, a
satyr wore the face a dreamer most desired to see, and they
shed these shapes the way a bird sheds feathers. As time went
on, the myths became realities, and the satyrs settled into
familiar forms: the goat-man, the maenad, the stag-man,
mermaid and more. Not all such faeries were true satyrs, of
course, but many became so. As cities rose into nations,
carnal lusts were forbidden "for the common good," and the
energies once spent in revelry were channeled into war.

Bloodshed appalled the satyrs; the dreams that birthed
them came from carnality, not from carnage. As people
became more rigid, however, the desires they suppressed grew
darker, and the satyrs' antics more dangerous. Tales spread of
savage orgies and beautiful killers. Lawgivers hunted those
who consorted with satyrs, and demonized the fae. Some eshu
claim many satyrs raged and actually did become devils (or at
least behaved as if they were); their animal aspects coarsened,
becoming more demonic. Maenads tore victims to pieces,
and goat-men trampled children beneath their hooves. Seelie
and Unseelie parted ways at this time, the latter playing mad
tunes while the former retreated to the countrysides where
simple folk remembered the old ways still.

As the wars continued, Unseelie satyrs crept through army
camps and lonely villas, inspiring men to rape and women to
frenzy in the woods. Other satyrs, appalled, fought midnight
battles with their kin. Prodigals crossed both Courts' paths:
Black Fury werewolves, Malkavian vampires and primal wiz-
ards who would someday become Verbena, Celestial Choristers
and Ecstasy Cultists. Some joined the satyrs, but others despised

Chapzer Two: The Kich Society 81


them. For protection, most satyrs gathered into tragos and
forged oathbonds with other fae. As the Classical world fell into
the Dark Ages, the many shapes of lust became the goat-man
— half-human, half-beast. And he, in turn, became a devil.

(In other lands, satyrs, evolved differently; mischievous
fox-women, snake-brothers and half-stags still cavort with
those who dare to venture out at night. It's said such fae have
as many names as they have faces, but they all share a
common ancestry: the primal satyrs who once changed their
forms at will.)

Even the most benevolent satyrs grew fearsome in the
Dark Ages; when their human playmates threw inhibitions
aside, they became worse than animals. While Unseelie satyrs
avoided open wars, they enjoyed tormenting clergy and driv-
ing nobility to madness. Hidden in shadows, these demon-goats
gathered Glamour from court intrigues and hidden Black
Masses. Some formed goat cults, especially among the lesser
nobility, and grew as decadent as the mad Caesars themselves.

Under the honest influence of other fae, Seelie satyrs
preferred to inspire affection rather than abandon. In the
country, farmers joined these goat-folk for celebrations; the
time in between revels gave the kith opportunities for refine-
ment. Many composed complicated songs and taught them to
bards and village musicians. Some formed player troupes with
pookas, eshu and mortal companions; the improvisational
commedia dell'arte suited their talents well. Still, their drunken
sprees and lascivious habits contributed to the bad reputations
such groups already had. "Moral" folk still shunned the goats.

The Shattering drove many satyrs beyond the mortal
world. Fun was too hard to find in those dreary days. Those few
who stayed remained with their troupes and villages, or hidden
within the cities' darkest corners. Many lived to regret it.
While the rising art establishment granted sanctuary to other
fae, the hedonistic goats became symbols of madness and evil.
Witch-hunts and religious wars tore through the kith; Dauntain
Inquisitors hunted satyrs, burned their lovers, forbade their
theatre and banned their revels. The secret excesses of those
same pious men fed the Unseelie infiltrators until a dedicated
crackdown rooted the worst of them out and into the bonfires.
In those bloody years, many satyrs were destroyed.

A compact with the Seers of Chronos (a group of wizards
who later became the Cultists of Ecstasy) moved many
satyrs into worlds-between-worlds, where
they stayed until the witchfires
burned out. Those who did not ¢
go assumed mundane identities
and forgot their true natures;
only dreams of midnight piping
and warm caresses remained. When
the bloody years passed, some satyrs re-
turned to play in the courts of France and
the drawing rooms of Romantic poets.

Some claim that Lord Byron was one of
them (a rumor "proven" by his club foot),

but if he was, he never awakened. Artists rebelled against the
strictures of society, and the satyrs goaded them on.

No one remembers why the female maenads and male
half-goats became one. One ballad recounts the trials of
Mirriam, a nymph whose lusts outshone all men until the
gods themselves turned her into a half-goat to teach her a
lesson. The new form didn't slow her down, and soon other
female satyrs followed her lead. By the time the gods gave up,
goat-women outnumbered the more feminine maenads. Per-
haps Mirriam's tale reflects the changing role of women in
male society. Maybe it's just bullshit — or goatshit, for that
matter. Either way, by the end of the 19th century, the
majority of female satyrs (though by no means all of them)
sported goat's feet instead of human legs or fish tails.

With the carnal liberations of the last 30 years, these kith
find themselves back where they started. People still dream
forbidden dreams, but many feel free again to step out in a
midnight revelry with the cloven-footed ones. Lovers and
kinain are close at hand, and most satyrs are having the time of
their lives. Still, the Sundering and Shattering have left their
marks on these once-playful fae. Beneath their revels, most
satyrs are pensive, irritable, even melancholy at times. Those
aligned with the Seelie pass along some poetry with their
passions, while the Unseelie dig up the most degenerate plea-
sures the modern world can provide. The
few satyrs who still visit the wizards'. 4
Horizon Realms try with-

~

wr

out success toretracea &
path to Arcadia. Such
return eludes them
still; the carefree days
are gone.

Birchrighcs
and Lrailcies

As many human
mystics know, music
touches a primordial
place in all of us.

Some satyrs
claim

s

=

ae

a


that a "world pulse" beats below the Dreaming itself, and that
this pulse can be found running through the best music. The
"style" of music doesn't matter — commitment, not form,
provides the link. From time to time, mortals listening to
really potent rhythms or melodies can hear it faintly, and
draw inspiration from the sound. Music, they say, unlocks the
passions we all live by; it's only natural, then, that the satyrs
are the masters of song and dance.

Goats have an affinity for music; even in their seemings,
they express themselves in song. No satyr is completely tune-
deaf; some could give Pavarotti a run for his money, while
others fiddle like the Devil himself. It may take a while for a
satyr to find her specialty, but not one of them lacks musical
talent. When the changeling awakens, she'll find that affinity
has grown to a powerful channel: the Gift of Pan. Her music
may have stirred others before, but now it unleashes emotions
few may resist.

Hard living breeds hardiness, and satyrs are living proof.
Such is their intensity that few things can slow them down.
A drinking binge that could floor a redcap leaves the satyr
slightly giddy. Their legendary speed derives from their goatish
legs and ready tongues. A satyr who can't outrun the brute
he's just insulted won't live for long; one who can't dance
without tiring will never keep up with her fellows.

The least tangible but most treasured satyr Birthright is
wisdom; by knowing themselves, they understand life. This
doesn't have any game effects, but comes across in the way a
satyr acts. A childling makes rash misjudgments; a wilder
seduces anything in sight just to prove he can (and gets shot
down in the process); by the time a grump attains his greater
wisdom, he may choose partners without making a fool of
himself. Although younger goats feel a bit sorry for their
elders' lack of impulse, they still go to them for advice when
aproblem can't be solved by a roll in the hay ora rude gesture.

Satyrs love debate. A quick mind and a head for facts (or
at least for good lies) are able traits, and a quick wit is essential
for improvisation. Goats have always prized secrets, too; any-
one who can fill them in is worth at least a song or two. As
much as they love to learn, though, most satyrs scorn "book
knowledge." To them, you must live life in order to understand
it. "Dust bunny" is one of many insults satyrs have for scholars.
Because they experience so much in their lifetimes, old satyrs
become cherished teachers. Many fae seek them out to instruct
childlings in life's more "worldly" aspects. An old goat may not
be as much fun as a wild ram, but he's got many stories to tell
and can attend parties without turning into an ass.

Even the wisest satyrs are an intemperate lot, however.
Passion's Curse is never far below goats' skins; their mood
swings make movie stars seem stable. When angry, they rage;
when depressed, their songs could make stones weep. When
they're on a bender (which they frequently are), satyrs act out
in style — swinging from chandeliers, punching trolls, groping
nockers where the sun don't shine. Other fae tolerate this
behavior fora while (especially if they can join in without being

noticed), but eventually get fed up. The ejection of the satyrs
from a party often spells the end of the evening. Till then,
everyone has a hell ofa time —so longas the satyrs are happy...

Organization

"Organized chaos" is a better word for satyr society.
Goats have a really hard time with rules; those who make
them break them quickly. Bonds of friendship are far more
important. Leave politesse to the stuck-up sidhe!

Romance and the Single Satyr

New acquaintances are a novelty, and satyrs treasure
novelty. Most goats make friends, lovers and enemies very
easily. However uncouth and unattractive a satyr may be, he's
often a charming fellow, assuming he likes you. You know the
drill: "Hail-fellow-well-met-good-to-see-you, buddy-let's-
dance, sweetheart-you-look-ravishing-tonight." Effusive as
they may be, these earnest greetings are genuine — goats are
honest to a fault. If one likes you, he'll fall all over himself to
prove it. If he doesn't, his insults could peel paint (and
sometimes do).

This honesty is quite often the most attractive thing about
a satyr; many people, especially the vain sidhe, find such
attentions irresistible. For a while at least, satyrs become
compelled by anyone who catches their fancy. One might
compose sonnets, bring flowers or hang on every word from his
beloved as if it were honey. Love's games, anticipation and
consummation are like whiskey to satyrs — hot, heady and raw.

Hatred, too, can be fun. If the goat dislikes his new
acquaintance, he'll compose satires instead of sonnets, and
the flowers he brings her may be dead. Heaping abuse is
almost as much fun as wooing. The problems that can arise
from either task should be obvious. No threat or wisdom will
keep the goat from speaking his mind one way or the other.
You'll never have to second-guess a satyr.

Goats are fickle, however. The moment a new and
interesting star appears in his sky, the satyr will be off chasing
it with the same abandon. Here's the downside of a satyr's
affections: the intensity rarely lasts. He may still care for his
earlier love, but his ardor mellows to friendship. Few people,
mortal or otherwise, can stand such "rejection," and enemies
rarely forget the taunts they suffered. The goat soon finds
himself alone until someone new comes along. Thus, he finds
it's easiest to trust others of his kind. They, at least, under-
stand! Hence, the strongest bonds a satyr knows belong to his
tragos. Come what may, these bands stick together.

Roughly translated, tragoidia means "goat song." As the
name implies, these satyr bands find unity in music. They may
not be able to stand each other when the tunes end, but while
they play, these bandmates are blood-kin. Tragos form un-
consciously, as if the music in their hearts draws them
together. Attempts to bring such bands together on purpose
often fail. Something's always missing. As time goes on, the

Chapter Tuo: The kuch Society


band may shift members or dissolve; while it exists, however,
no outsider can shake a tragos' unity.

Leadership andOrspuces

More often than not, the best musician in the band (in
game terms, the one with the highest Charisma + Perfor-
mance Dice Pool) leads the tragos, no matter her gender, age
or wisdom. The others follow her lead. As you can imagine,
this makes for some chaotic times. In the hands of an
especially talented childling, tragos have been known to gang
up on schoolyard bullies, start food fights at high feasts, or play
hopscotch till dawn.

If a dispute arises, tragos use one of three resolutions. In
the first, the contestants fight, either physically or through
riddles or contests. Seelie satyrs prefer the latter, and fae may
come from all around to see the goats out-do each other.
Unseelie types prefer to butt heads until someone's uncon-
scious. If the dispute is especially bad, the loser may be exiled
from the band.

The second recourse is debate. Many satyrs are skilled
debaters, and love to exercise their skills at others' expense.
These contests often begin with a subject — the color of the
sky and how it got that way, for instance —chosen by the band
leader (or by the challenger, if the band leader is involved).
These topics often veer off into insult contests until someone
either concedes by laughing or runs off in a huff.

The third (and least-favored) method is to invite a
respected outsider to judge the case. Two satyrs choose sides
and argue the question; in Seelie Courts, these "lawyers" are
usually third parties, not plaintiffs. Both sides agree to abide by
the judge's decision, but seldom do for long. Soon, the dispute
will arise again, unsettled. Goats suck at following orders.

Oachdonds and War

Like all fae, satyrs take their oaths seriously. Tragos stick
together; their music is considered a minor bond unto itself.
Other bonds take precedence, however. If an oathbound goat
joins a tragos (or ifamember takes an oath later on), the group
concedes that the stronger bond comes first. They let her go
off to fulfill her obligations; if the band is still intact when she
returns, the bonded one always has a place to come home to.
Naturally, many a satyr has returned from a quest to find her
tragos scattered, but then such are the ways of the world.

Attacking a goat is a dangerous thing; more often than
not, an entire tragos will take on one member's enemies, even
if the group has no quarrel with them. Though they prefer not
to fight as a rule, satyrs make fearsome combatants en masse.
While the strongest protect the others, the best musicians
raise passions to a pitch, distracting theitfoes and'heattening
their friends. In wartime, noblesset tragos aside as battlebands.
Their savage songs rival hurricanes for feracity. (In game
terms, such warsongs subtract | fromallallies' difficulties, and
add 1 to the difficulties of their foes. If two watbands play

The Changeling Diayers Guide

against each other, they cancel each other out and make a
hellish racket.)

Calephecos

Few things depress satyrs more than Banality; if one of
their own falls into a funk, the others will do anything
(including beating the stuffing out of him) to shake him back
to his usual rowdy self. If this fails, they sing the mourning
song, calephetos. Such songs often end triumphantly but sadly.
It's no coincidence that tragedy and tragos share the same root
word.

Allsatyrs know the calephetos from awakening on — it's
instinctive, not learned. This wordless dirge conveys all the
sorrow their kind have ever known. No one can resist weep-
ing at the sound, which hangs like fog long after the song has
ended. The band leader begins and the others join in, until
the subject is carried into the chorus. Each member of the
band takes turns until only the Banal one is left. As it comes
around to him, he makes a decision: death or life. His response
carries the answer.

If he chooses to live, he bleats happily and begins to
dance; if not, he begins to chant his fondest memories in
rhyme. When he comes at last to the tribute itself, the others
begin to stamp their hooves. As the rhythm builds, everything
around them start to quake. The beat carries for miles, compel-
ling all fae within hearing range to dance. Even mortals with
Banality ratings of 5 or lower join in (others look on, bewil-
dered; they can sense that something is happening, but they
don't know what). The tragos begins to caper madly, then
rushes out to the nearest fun spot and indulges in a night-long
binge. In the morning, the lost one dies smiling, and the others
disperse to find other bands. A vital part of the tragos is gone.

Courcs

The greatest difference between the Seelie and Unseelie
satyrs is the number of people they hurt and the severity of the
wounds. Those who favor their better side generally try to do
right: they prefer good cheer to uninhibited carousing. The
darker variety don't care who gets hurt, or how badly, so long
as the goats themselves have a good time. If one member of
a tragos changes Courts, the others either adapt (by changing
Courts) or disperse. Given the savage nature of Unseelie
satyrs, few Seelie ones will join their debaucheries.

All satyrs love the company of artists and entertainers.
They inspire, and are inspired by, their companions, be they
mortal, fae or Prodigal. Some mingle in human rock bands, or
join artists' colonies in search of a good party. Some gravitate
to.wherever.the "beautiful pegple" are, bringing the party
with them..Depending on /a_given satyr's alliance (or his
tragos' Court), he may be great guy to have around, or a
nightmare.


Seelie

Base as they may seem, a satyr's passions grow from the
twin glories of love and music. Among the Seelie, these
passions create great ballads, stirring romances and acts of
heroism that would shame a troll. If he gives his heart to a
lover, nothing will keep him from her side — for now.

These are the most romantic of the fae. A Seelie satyr
will fall madly in love with whoever he fancies, showering her
with gifts, songs and attention until either she relents or he
grows bored and finds someone else. Grand gestures and
swashbuckling deeds are meat and ale to asatyr in love. Fickle
as they may be, these passions are total while they last; many
a Seelie goat has literally died for love.

Even the Seelie have problems with empathy, however;
when another lover comes along, the satyr will distance
himself from his conquest. This isn't done out of malice —her
sadness will cause a Seelie goat profound pain — but whimsy
is in their nature. The concept of another's anger is difficult
for even the kindest satyrs to understand. "Seize the day!" is
gospel to them. Surely others understand?

Unseelie

Their shadow cousins, in contrast, seem to enjoy inflict-
ing pain on others. They are libertines, pranksters, bedroom
bandits and shameless liars. It's an Unseelie satyr's favorite
trick (especially when changing Courts) to woo a dozen
different lovers. Once he has smitten as many of them as
possible, he'll coldly withdraw. Many's the Pan (a common
term foran Unseelie satyr) who'll sit ona windowsill laughing
as his lover weeps.

Some Pans sponsor a rising human star, acting as her
muse. As the puppet stirs her audience to violent passions, the
Ravager feeds on the darkness. Such kinain throw "interest-
ing" parties. Ancient Rome saw lesser debaucheries.

Worse still are the horrors of the goat cults. In human
guise, the Unseelie will go looking for people who want more
forbidden thrills. Demons, rock stars, dominas and religious
"visionaries" are favored roles for them. Once they find their
prey, they promise the dupes their fill of orgies, perversions
and blasphemies. When they gather their "congregation"
together, such Pans whip them into a frenzy, then set them
loose on captured victims and watch the fun. Some of the
more vicious rumors from the witch-hunting days were
spawned by the revelries of goat cults; the Hellfire Clubs of
the 1800s likewise fed Glamour to the Pans. Today, some
bondage bars and black-metal clubs support whole tragos —
and keep the "Missing" lists growing.

Ouclook

A satyr's estimation of another changeling depends
on two things: his appearance and his willingness to have
fun. Knowledge is considered important too, but unless
you've been around, the goat'll chide you for spending
too much time with books. While older goats know that
there are more important things than funtime, the one
sure way to earn a satyr's respect is by surviving an
evening's revel. Anyone unwilling or unable to partake
is considered, "Good fora twirl, but a poor partner for the
dance."

Boggan

Seelie Satyrs: Now, I'll admit the little gossips make
good doorstops, but I've seen damned few who could argue
their way outa paper bag with a chainsaw and a head start.
It's one thing to watch life, another to enjoy it.

Unseelie Satyrs: Never take kindness from some-
thing that'll chop up a tree in an hour and charge you
your life savings for doing it. The sinister little bastards
even creep around in the woodwork afterward. If I cared
about blackmail, I'd be concerned.

Cshu

Seelie Satyrs: Ahh! These folks have been around!
Fonts of wisdom, even if half of it's false. Of all our
cousins, the eshu best understand that the ideal life is one
that's been lived. No dust bunnies, they! It's the open
trail and the campfire tale. That | can respect! Cool as
eshu are, they've got a nasty darker side. Don't gamble
with these devils — you'll lose your tail. Hide your
instrument, too; if an Unseelie eshu comes calling, he
will try to play it for you...

Unseelie Satyrs: Exotic toys; wind them up, they'll go
for days. Best of all, they make wonderful partners in
crime. While they set up the scam, you charm the mark
into abandon. When he wakes up, he'll be a lot poorer.
Just count your share double-careful!

Nockers

Seelie Satyrs: | understand the value of good crafts-
manship, but these anal-retentive folks take it too damned
far. They're the best places in the world to go for new


instruments, though. Even ol' Tinburn couldn't destroy the
bass drum a nocker made him last year. They're hard to win
over, but butter ‘em up with compliments, and you'll be
friends for life.

Unseelie Satyrs: Obnoxious little twits. Call me a
maladjusted hyperphallatic has-been, will you? (Where's
that dictionary...?) Now let's see how your precious
whatsamathingie works after I stomp it to hell!

Dooka

Seelie Satyrs: Clever folks, though not as clever as
they'd like to think. I knew this cute kid from Savannah
who could charm the gargoyles down from Notre Dame; she
liked to turn into a cat and wrote the best stories I've ever
read. Not all pooka are as much fun as her, but they're a
pretty good bunch, with stamina to burn and a real long
fuse. As for Unseelie... ummm, best to avoid giant rabbits
with sticks of dynamite.

Unseelie Satyrs: A shapeshifter has so many possibili-
ties. Wonderful pets, dedicated pawns. They want so badly
to be liked that they'll betray the High King himself to earn
your favor.

Redcaps

Seelie Satyrs: Okay, I'll admit I liked one once, but he
was an exception to the rule. They've got the stamina to
party hard, but they take their thrills too dark for me,
thanks. Seelie, Unseelie, who the hell can tell? There's
something about them that's really disconcerting — |
mean, besides the smell and bad behavior. They bring out
the worst in me and my mates every time — it's like we can't
help ourselves. The festivities get too damn rough when
redcaps are around.

Unseelie Satyrs: Madden the dogs with dance and
drink, then listen to the screams. Best of all, you can blame
it all on them afterward. Such delightful playthings; their
vitality energizes even me. They suppress nothing, yet their
frenzy is like a crackling bolt to the base of your spine.
Delicious.

Sidhe

Seelie Satyrs: | hate to admit it, but those regal cricks are
irresistibly cute. No, more than cute— they are the essence
of love, beauty and nobility. Damn, I hate that. We're
magnetically attracted, | think, to each other. Maybe it's

‘cause we're so different, and yet so totally alike. The
Unseelie ones are terrors; few things are more frightening
thana mad king. Their darkness makes them more compel-
ling than ever, but they'd feed you to the dragons for a good
time. Like I said, they're irresistible — not that I'd admit
that in front of them!

Unseelie Satyrs: The Song of Pan is heaven to them,
but they bring their own hell when they dance to our tune.
When the burdens of rulership are eased, these pompous
twings become passion's puppets. Dangle them as you will,
my friend.

Sluagh

Seelie Satyrs: First of all, always be sure to be polite.
Don't take that as a challenge to be rude — the spookies'll
come calling in your sleep. If you're nice to sluagh, though,
you'll find bracing good company. I'll admit the
conversation's a bit on the dark side, but life was meant for
sampling all things in their measure. | had one as a lover
once, and her passions ran as deep as any hornhead's. Just
don't expect much pillow talk afterward.

Unseelie Satyrs: Bring them fire in their lairs; the Song
of Pan warms their bones as well as anyone's, and they tell
such pretty tales when they're snockered. Like living black-
mail machines, they are. They're so lonely that if you win
one over, her heart will break with a sound you can hear for

miles. Ahh, such fun...

Trolls

Seelie Satyrs: If sidhe are the essence of grace, trolls are
the incarnation of nobility. They saw our folk through the
Burning Times. How many newbies could say the same?
They'rea trifle somber in general, but they're also usually less
likely to lose their shit when the party's going full-tilt. Hell,

anyone who can stand me when I'm wasted, they're all right.

Orges are a different case; if you meet a messy troll, do
not taunt Happy Funball. The bastard'Il eat you— I've seen
it happen! So if you meet a troll, be his friend. You never
know how soon that'll come in handy.

Unseelie Satyrs: Dumb brutes, but useful killing ma-
chines. They have such exalted notions of romance that
breaking one's heart is childling's play. It's a dangerous
game, however; if you must abuse a troll, be sure that you
have a place to hide. She will never, and | mean never,
forgive you.


We are the dreams of paupers and presidents, of queens
and chieftains the world over. To dispute our right to rule is to
dismiss the wisdom of all the people of all the nations in the

history of the world.

—attributed to Duke Dray, House Gwydion

Come in, come in! And for heaven's sake, shut the door.
I don't think I shall ever get used to these dreadful mountain
winters. Celia, dear, will you take our guest's coat? And bring
out a pot of Irish cream coffee for us, there's a good girl.

What did you say your name was? Oh, for goodness sake,
don't call me "Countess." It is a term of respect, true, but I
should think that you're capable of showing respect without
having to call me by some title or another. I'm sure others in
the court would have a fit to hear me say that, but I'll do as I
please. Call me Anne. You see? When properly pronounced,
the name has a nobility all its own without the need for
"Countess."

Well, let me tell you, you've come to the right place to
find out about the sidhe. Oh, there are stacks and stacks of
dusty old tomes and scrolls on our heritage, but they're all
written by old fogies like Edgewick. | can tell from the look of
you that you're more interested in the real story, not what they
put down in books for posterity. Certainly, some of it has
merit, but they like to present just their point of view, you see?
The way most of the Seelie talk, you'd think everyone spent
their time flitting around the forest like a scene in some
Renaissance comedy, or practicing their oratory skills in front
of the mirror. No, there's more to us than that, if only you're
willing to listen with an open mind. And you seem willing to
listen... am I right?

Background

Modern sidhe are descended of a noble lineage stretch-
ing back through the mists of time. Absent from the world for
centuries, they returned several decades ago to a world
transformed. Gone were the castles and open spaces they had
known in the past, and in their places were skyscrapers and
sprawling urban jungles. The life they had known in Arcadia
became only a distant memory, and the sidhe found them-
selves in a world they no longer recognized, surrounded by
subjects who resented their very presence.

The modern world is alien to the sidhe, compared to the
lives they have known in Arcadia. In the time before the
Shattering, they knew respect and obedience from their sub-
jects, and Banality had not yet spread its dark stain across the
world. These ancient sidhe were the embodiment of nobility —
strong warriors who were fair of face, who knew as much about
the courtly arts as about the arts of war. Some say the sidhe were
born of the dreams of the common folk, who envisioned leaders
truly worthy of the respect and awe of their people, who were
just, fair and wise. Others feel that although the sidhe have a
natural gift for leadership, they were created out of what every
person wished to be

Accarcude

The sidhe are often criticized for their attitude, which is
perceived by many as haughty. It is true that most sidhe consider

beautiful, strong and respected.

themselves "better" than common folk in asense, but they view
their position as more responsibility than privilege. Like the
nobility of ages past, they see rulership as both a right and a
responsibility. The future of all Kithain lies in their hands, and
this is often a burden to them. Still, most see it as a challenge
that each individual must rise to in his or her own way.

Others claim that the sidhe are absent-minded day-
dreamers, whose connection to the Dreaming constantly
threatens to drag their consciousness out of the physical
world. There is a certain amount of truth to this, as many
sidhe are still not used to the realities of this world. After
living for centuries in Arcadia, the workaday world is in fact
what seems "unreal" to them. Unlike the commoners, who
have been living in the world of mortals for centuries now,
highborns are bewildered at the realities of balancing one's
fae and mortal lives. To work every day at a job (other than
as an artist or dignitary) is thought to be beneath many sidhe,
and the company of mortals is often dull to one who has seen
the Dreaming firsthand. Unfortunately, those who do not
learn to maintain the precarious balance between dream and
reality are doomed to fall into Bedlam.

Chapter Two: The Kuch Society


Still, regardless of how they view the rights and

responsibilities of a leader, all

Unearthly beauty is the mark of all sidhe agree that they are the
highborn, and their looks engender jeal- je best-suited kith to rule over
ousy as often as they do respect. In ph , th changeling society, for

their mortal form, the sidhe al-
ways turn heads in a crowd. But
in their faerie guise, sidhe seem
to radiate an aura of nobility
and majesty.

There is no single domi-
nant style of dress among the
sidhe, but they seem to make
any raiment look stunning.
Jeans and silk are seen as of-
ten as velvet and cashmere,
and the latest fashions from
Paris are frequently put to
shame by a noble lady's cus-
tom-designed gown.

Behefs

With their codes
of honor among both
the Courts, the sidhe
have a more rigid belief
structure than most
other changelings.
While individuals may
disagree on the interpre-
tation of certain aspects,
nearly all highborns
make at least a show of
support for the beliefs
that define who they
are as a people.

Nodlesse
Odlige

While Seelie

highborns view their po-

sition as leaders as a
responsibility to watch

over and protect their
subjects, Unseelie sidhe

have a decidedly differ-

ent view of their status.
Certainly the Unseelie
would not dispute that

they are the best suited for
tulership, but they often chose

to "lead by example," rather than through

direct guidance of their subjects.

The Changeling Diayers Guide

good or for ill.

Romance

Mostsidhe are truly
romantic by nature, as
befits their station. It is
said by some that the
traditions of courtly love
first arose among the fae,
who in turn passed the
customs along to mortals
near the close of the
Mythic Age. But whether
or not they were the origi-
nators of romance, the
sidhe have taken it to a
level far beyond the ken
of most mortals.

Unlike satyrs, who
are said to pursue court-
ship without regard to
rules orcustom, the sidhe

have evolved an intri-
cate system of
guidelines and prohi-
bitions surrounding
the art of courtship.
Within sidhe society there
exist several societies dedi-
cated to the pursuit of
romance as a way of life,
including the Order of
Shallot, the Ascetics and
the Cerenaics.

Seelie and Unseelie
sidhe alike engage in the
dance of courtship with
equal fervor, though many
Seelie claim that Unseelie
sidhe are worse than sa-
tyrs in their pursuit of
pleasure without regard to
the feelings of others. Their

counterparts dispute this,

but the fact remains that the

"darker" aspects of love show

themselves more often in those
ruled by their Unseelie Legacy.


Org anlizdclon

With a far more organized structure than any other kith,
the sidhe observe strict rules of hierarchy. The various ranks
within the nobility are the backbone of this structure, with all
sidhe showing deference and respect to their "betters" and
kindness to those lower than themselves —at least, in theory.
On the surface, the sidhe may appear to respect social hierar-
chy more than any other kith; after all, it is in their best
interest to show a united front to the commoners. In reality,
the webs of intrigue and deception often more accurately
reflect true status than nominal rank within the kingdom.

While rank and title are the most prominent mark of
status, it is not uncommon for a noble to retain her title even
after a horrible scandal. Her status nominally remains the
same, but the amount of respect she is due from others will
plummet. Invitations to balls and fetes are "lost in the mail,
dear," and though on the surface everything remains the
same, it will often take months or years for the sullied noble
to regain her former position in society.

Birchrighcs

Awe and Beaucy

It is hard to explain the feeling one has in the presence
of a highborn to one who has not experienced it firsthand.
Their beauty is something more than physical; it transcends
superficial and cultural ideas of what is attractive to charm
the very soul of any who look upon them. Theirs is a timeless
beauty, unaffected by temporal notions of what is "cool" at
the time.

Even those who speak ill of them behind their backs find
it difficult to be openly disrespectful to the face of the
nobility, and even "common" sidhe inspire a certain level of
politeness in everyone they meet.

Noodle Bearing

The inborn grace and style common to all sidhe lends
them a certain presence that is readily apparent to any who
look upon them. They seem to recover from any misstep
without missing a beat, and even pooka have a hard time

finding ways to embarrass highborns.
fon] y >

| railcies

Banalicys Curse

Having returned so recently from Arcadia, the sidhe do
not have the tolerance that commoners built up over centu-
ties of increasing Banality. This world is in many ways alien
to them, and the force of disbelief among many of the world's
people is stifling and often painful to any sidhe faced with it.

Many sidhe try to shield themselves from the dullness of
the mortal world by spending their time in freeholds, but this
can lead to Bedlam. Only those sidhe who learn to dance
along the razor's edge between dream and reality are able to
survive for long in this harsh world.

Courts

As the acknowledged leaders of both the Seelie and
Unseelie Courts, the sidhe are in a somewhat awkward
position. While Court affiliation helps to define nearly every
aspect of a sidhe's existence, beneath the intrigues and
politics they will always grant a measure of respect to their
equivalents in the opposing Court.

In centuries past, the Seelie and Unseelie Courts took
turns ruling over their people for different halves of the year.
But since the sidhe returned from Arcadia, the Seelie have
maintained a tenuous hold on the reins of power. The notion
over who should rule — and for how long — is one of great
debate among both nobles and commoners, and will continue
to be until a resolution is reached.

Seelie Sidhe

Like Glorianna, Titania and Oberon, and the other fae
known in legend and song, Seelie sidhe are the epitome of
unearthly beauty and power. Although many Unseelie sidhe
have dispensed with the trappings of medieval royalty, at least
in part, there remains a strong sense of tradition within the
Seelie Court stretching back to the days before the Shattering.
More so than any other kith or faction within changeling
society, the Seelie sidhe feel a responsibility to maintain a
constant level of Glamour within the world, and many of their
actions, both openly and in secret, are in pursuit of that goal.

Cnseehe Sidhe

Although commoners rarely make a distinction be-
tween the Unseelie and Shadow Courts, the sidhe know the
truth of the matter. Even the most high-ranking among the
Seelie Court acknowledge that there is a certain Unseelie
aspect in everyone, regardless of their formal affiliation.
Although they differ greatly in opinions, both Courts are
respected and heard out in the Parliament of Dreams. But
evensome within the Unseelie Court believe that the Shadow
Court goes too far in its opposition to the Seelie.

Since the Resurgence, many prominent members of the
Unseelie Court were notable by their absence. A few scattered
members of House Ailil have made themselves known, but many of
the leadersamong the Unseelie appear to have remained in Arcadia.
Why did this happen? Memories of the journey are too clouded for
anyone to say for certain, but speculations abound. Did they make
the crossing with the others, and choose to remain hidden once
reaching this world? For what purpose? Until the Shadow Court
chooses to show their hand, the matter is up for speculation.

Chapter Two: The kuch Society


Ouclook

Although each individual's view of others will differ, the following section covers the most prevalent stereotypes among
the sidhe. The wise reader will be well-advised to remember that the Seelie point of view will most often represent the public,
united view that all sidhe try to present, while Unseelie sidhe will often allow their own personal prejudices to show through.

Boggans

Seelie Sidhe: Good workers who know the value of
loyalty and honor far more so than many Kithain give them
credit for. Their homespun wisdom is often refreshing in
contrast to the intrigues and maneuvering prevalent at court.

Unseelie Sidhe: Simple folk who do simple work —
there is little imagination in them. Could anyone so plain
and uninteresting truly be Kithain?

Cshu

Seelie Sidhe: While they have little respect for us, the
eshu have a wisdom all their own that we would do well to
listen to from time to time. As outsiders, they may lend a
useful sense of perspective to any conversation.

Unseelie Sidhe: Because they know they are inferior, they
refuse to recognize the validity of our social structure. It is easy
to be a rebel when the other option is to be a groundling.

Nockers

Seelie Sidhe: Beware these technicians. Their work
treads dangerously close to the workings of Banality, yet
glimmerings of true inspiration can often be glimpsed
through the wires and gears.

Unseelie Sidhe: Their work is intriguing, for they are
somehow able to interweave the machinery of the Autumn
world with the Glamour of the Dreaming. We will continue
to support their efforts and try to find some way to turn their
tinkering to our advantage.

Dooka

Seelie Sidhe: Like the eshu, the pooka have a particular
intelligence often dismissed by other kith as mere foolishness.
While we will grant that they are incorrigible hellions at times,
they often can show us what others are too timid to point out,

Unseelie Sidhe: These Kithain are barely worthy of the
name, and their seemings betray their truly bestial natures.
Relegate them to the nursery, or to the zoo.

Redcaps

Seelie Sidhe: There is so much rage in these creatures,
but what cause they have to direct it at us is quite beyond

me. Command them as you would the meanest foot sol-
diers, and they may grant you some measure of respect. Like
beasts, they respect only power.

Unseelie Sidhe: The crassest of the commoners, but
often powerful allies when others stand against you. Like a
rabid dog, keep a redcap on a tight leash and see that he
does not turn against you. If properly controlled, they can
prove to be powerful weapons.

Satyrs

Seelie Sidhe: They remind us that existence is not a
purely intellectual endeavor, but do not mistake their
exuberance for anything more than what it is. They are
undisciplined, but we would do well to learn from them the
value of earthly pleasures.

Unseelie Sidhe: Our respect for this kith is unbounded,
for who among our kind can rival them for sheer force of
passion? They are unafraid to pursue whatever they desire,
and are willing to do whatever it takes to satisfy their own
palates.

Sluagh

Seelie Sidhe: These secretive creatures are like poor
cousins to our brethren in House Eiluned. They seem to
know what remains hidden from others of our kind, and for
that we grant them their due.

Unseelie Sidhe: Backstabbing little scorpions who
would kill you just to sell the location of your corpse to your
friends. Still, they can be manipulated like anyone else,

and they often have information others are afraid to sully
their hands with.

Trolls

Seelie Sidhe: Trolls are the only kith among the
commoners who more often than not are truly worthy of
respect and honor. Stalwart warriors, they are excellent
generals and treasured companions.

Unseelie Sidhe: Watch these ones. Their sense of honor
gives them a righteous zeal that can be fearsome if you're on
the receiving end of it, but it also makes them easier to
manipulate than many of the other kith. Just be sure they
don't sense any danger until your plans are well in motion.

J+ ¢
-@

ss

2


Let me tell you a story. Don't ask me where I heard it, as
the answer would only disturb you. Don't tell others where
you heard it; they would be upset. Just listen close, little
childling, and know that every word is true. Especially the

ones that scare you....

— Agnes MacDubh, sluagh of Providence, Rhode Island

To be a sluagh is to be alternately mistrusted, feared,
taunted and ignored. It is to be accused of orgies beneath the
earth and eating babies in obscene rituals. It is to be a pariah
among those who are pariahs themselves. It is also not to care
awhit for any of these things. We dwell, as we always dwell, in
the shadows, watching the other actors in the great play scurry
toand fro. We listen to the secrets of the dead and learn those
of the living, and then, like civilized beings, we share those
secrets over tea. You have much to unlearn about the sluagh, |
see. You had best start now, little boy, or you will discover that
not all of the rumors about us are false. Remember: once upon
atime, we were the faeries who took the bad children... away.

Discory

Humanity has always been afraid of ghoulies and ghosties
and long-legged beasties, but most of all of things that go bump
in the night. Even worse than those that bump, however, are
the things that scratch at windowpanes and vanish, or skitter
across rooftops and inside the walls. The delicious nightmares
of things that are almost, but not quite human, of triple-jointed
skulkers who can fit themselves into impossible places — these
are the dreams that fed what became the sluagh. Literally,
sluagh were born of the fear of the unknown and the dark, and
existed to feed that fear. Though the sluagh of today are
centuries and worlds removed from the isolated villages that
birthed them, something of this amoral, primeval darkness still
lurks within them. Born from fear, they still treasure it.

The sluagh were initially imagined as the spirits behind the
creakings and groanings peasant huts made as they settled down
forcold Russian nights. Slithery black things at first, the predeces-
sors of the sluagh were pictured as scuttling, spiderlike beings who
lived under floors and behind fireplaces. Every time a floorboard
creaked, every time the stone of the hearth settled with a granite
groan, credit was given to those things that became the sluagh.

As generations passed, the boneless proto-sluagh were given
more and more credit, and grew more and more like the sluagh of
today. Initially mindless shambling things, they were slowly
attributed with a subtle malice. Every eerie noise and mysterious
sound was laid at their feet, and grandmothers told their little ones
that the sluagh were making the noises to frighten them. Soon
enough, of course, they were, and armed with a primitive intelli-
gence, the newly dreamed sluagh took to toppling piles of dishes,
making noises in impossible places, and scratching at doors (or
roofs or floors) at night. The sounds of terror within were meat and
drink to the sluagh, who would then dance, pale and glistening,
in the graveyards and darkest dells of the primordial forests. Their
revels, fueled by the heady wine of fear, were sometimes spied by
particularly brave or foolish mortals. These often were mistaken
for the dances of ghosts come back to haunt the living, and the
sluagh were linked with the Restless Dead as well.

Like all good dreams of terror, though, these were soon
corrupted with a moral. Those same grandmothers, not content
merely to frighten their childrens' children, got the idea into their
heads that the sluagh were everywhere, watching for bad children.
Through the knotholes on the floor and peering upside down out
of the chimney, the sluagh kept an eye out for children who
misbehaved, because those they were allowed to take for their very
own. Once told that they could take bad children, the sluagh did.
Leaving them tied to the earth in spiders' silk, or trapped under-
neath the floorboards of their houses, the sluagh took fiendish
delight in punishing those they were permitted. Always, though,
their object was instilling terror, not causing pain. Far more
delicious to them, too, was the fear of the good children, the ones
upon whom they could not lay a single clammy finger. Even these
children, the safe ones, feared, and that was enough for the sluagh.

Inevitably, the terrors of lone cottages and small villages
paled. Towns grew along rivers, and the sluagh crept slowly
westward to infest them. By this time they appeared as they do

Chapcer Two: The kuch Society


63

et

é

cd ‘
4

WK
t

today, long and thin and pale. Dressed in black rags and tattered
furs, they found their way into attics and wine cellars. Armed
with their mandate to spy on and take the wicked, they
expanded the targets of their surveillance to include crooked
innkeepers, slothful monks, dishonest merchants and others
who through their own actions, allowed themselves to become
the sluagh's prey. Where once there were tales of bad children's
suppers being devoured by invisible things, now there came
legends of kegs of watered wine mysteriously emptied, fat abbots
being pinched and tormented by things that seemed to live in
the walls, and horse feed mixed with sand being fed to the
stableboys who had crafted the mixture.

Centuries spent battening on such poor fodder had its effect on
the sluagh, who now underwent their final metamorphosis. They
grew used to, then accustomed to, then pleased by their watered-
down wine and slightly spoiled food. Instead of sirmply dwelling in
darkness, they took new, active pleasure in lurking there where they
could see others but no others could see {
them. Where once they wore rags a Wh } d
and tatters, now finery almost dit) 7)
worthy of its name (all liberated \ a
from dishonest merchants, of
course) adorned their person-
ages. Most important of all,
where once the sluagh had
been known for only spying
upon and tormenting the
wicked, they were per-

Vv 3
\A

j

ceived as indiscriminate

in their attentions. This

was the humans' fault,

o~

of course — some of

those crooked souls

whom the sluagh "

dealt with, despite beingutterly despi-

cable, managed to convince their peers that they had

been unfairly persecuted by malicious spirits. The effect on
the perception of the sluagh was both profound and immediate.
Within decades, they became the creatures that the Kithain of
today would recognize: morally neutral, intensely private /
observers in the shadows, more interested in savoring fear f
than in punishing the wicked, and above all, always
watching.

Birchrights and

[-railcies

The sluagh Birthrights are ide-
ally suited to a race of beings
spawned in narrow spaces in the
dark. However, certain of the
gifts have faded with the cen-
turies. Once the sluagh could f

¥
.

~

ooze through cracks mere /

92 The Ché

{

~-

inches across. Time passed, though, and slowly the underfolk
were ascribed hands (for reaching out of dark corners), legs (for
scuttling across rooftops at night) and other large, irreducibly
human-esque physical structures. Now they are reduced to
contorting themselves into impossible shapes. Still, this isa great
deal more than any other kith is capable of, and it is best to bind
asluagh with magic instead of rope. When using the Birthright
of Squirm, a sluagh is capable of redistributing her body mass
within her skin any way she pleases, so long as there is no
deviation from the basic humanoid figure. She
manifest as a grotesquely swollen head attached to a shrunken

may ch Ose CO

doll's body, or to dislocate her shoulders and roll them so far
behind her back that they meet.

Sluagh also possess sharper senses than any other Kithain. This
comes naturally from ages of peering through knotholes and
listening to whispers. As taletellers gave the sluagh knowledge of
secrets and the status of omnipresent lurkers, they developed the

tools with which to lurk effectively and garner as many secrets
___as possible. It is even believed by certain more superstitious
4 nockersand boggans that sluagh grumps' senses are so acute
that they can hear thoughts as well as spoken words.

This is, in all probability, a canard.
However, there is no doubting the super-
natural acuity of sluagh eyesight. All sluagh,
should they make the effort (Perception +
Alertness, difficulty 7) are capable of seeing

lurking ghosts. With the expenditure of a point
> s

' : of Glamour, sluagh can speak (and listen to)

any wraiths they discover. The underfolk

4 \) and the Restless Dead have long been

% linked, and many sluagh find that wraiths

\ are excellent sources of information

. who ask easily granted favors in re-

turn. On rare occasions, sluagh will

even invite ghosts to high tea.

A whisper is almost always far

more terrifying than a shout. Whis-

pers in darkness are heard only by

those for whom they were intended;

others tend to dismiss so-called voices

in the night that they did not hear.

Thus the voice of the sluagh is that

of the hissing lurker in shadows.

Indeed, they are no longer even

capable of shouts or bellows, though

there is nothing in their anatomies

that would prevent such utterances.

It is believed that the ban against

mer = speakingabove a whisper is more

psychological than physical, but

itis very real to the sluagh none-

theless, and they do not take

kindly to having their Frailties
prodded by outsiders.

(ox
ax
Te &


Organizacion

Once upon a time, an eshu asked a sluagh of his acquain-
tance, "So, how do you of the shadow-dwellers arrange yourself?
I wish to find the greatest of the sluagh, and tell my tales to her,
and would have you tell me where she can be found."

The sluagh laughed, and sipped her tea, and pointed to a
spider web that stretched proudly across the face of her grand-
father clock. "You see that spider web, friend eshu? Each strand
touching many others, all connected to the whole? Gossamer
thin we are, yet set one of us a-quiver and we all know."

But the eshu did not understand, and went seeking an-
other who could help him find the greatest of the kith. And
each sluagh he found greeted him in all courtesy, and asked how
he had fared with all the sluagh he had visited before, and
named them all by name.

Thus, did one eshucome to understand the ways of the sluagh.

There isno Grand High Keeper of Secrets, noaged loremaster
sitting on a flowstone throne deep in the heart of a chimerical
cave. There are only individual sluagh, meeting in twos and
threes to exchanged whispered secrets over cups of thin tea or
glasses of watery wine. Many sluagh laugh over the delusions
maintained by other kith that the shadow-dwellers have secret,
orgiastic rituals in vast caverns beneath the earth. Such noise and
bright light, the sluagh point out, would inevitably be more pain
than the sociability would be worth. Furthermore, since no
sluagh can speak above a whisper, the whole affair would be
pointless since every secret uttered would be drowned in the
general din. Still, many sluagh enjoy playing up these rumors
simply for the fear they inspire in gullible Kithain.

While highly private beings, sluagh are still attracted to the
trappings of the formal. When sluagh meet sluagh, all of the
proprieties must be observed to the letter, else the visiting sluagh is
disgraced and is likely to receive, as punishment, a great deal of
company in the immediate future. Assluagh are bound by their own
codes to be polite to those who are polite to them, an endless wave
of well-behaved company is pure anathema to them. Other kith
visiting the lair of a sluagh are advised to be as courteous as possible,
else they will suddenly will be transformed from tolerated guests to
intruders, with disturbing consequences.

While high tea is not exactly an official methodology formeeting
among sluagh, it serves as well as any other. Any sluagh seeking
company extends formal invitations wrapped in spiders' silk to any
other sluagh whose company they desire. The invitees are bound by
custom to attend,.and overweak tea or curiously sweet wine, share the
secrets they haye learhed since the last time tea was convened. The
sluagh in attendance are not bound to tell all that they know, or even
tosay anything, but to remain silent is considered rude. Stories are told
in order of age, with the'oldestgrump speaking first; Secrets are then
told in sequence down to the most callow childling, who, no matter
what, will be expected to contribute to the conversation.

Unlike most of the Kithain, sluagh tend to be monogamous.
Ontherare occasions thatasluagh takesa mate, the match generally
is lifelong. Still, it is so rare for a sluagh to find another with whom

she feels comfortable dwelling that weddings among the kith are
rare. As for more momentary attachments, certain satyrs swear that
there's nothing like a hot (or cold) date with a sluagh, but most
Kithain shy away from even touching one, let alone anything more.

Courts

Incroduction

Surprisingly enough, the sluagh began asa Seelie kith. While
they may have been born of fear, from the time that they achieved
consciousness of their purpose, they were dedicated to punishing
those who did wrong. They may have been a bit overenthusiastic
in their pursuit of wicked children and dishonest merchants, but
their rigid respect for tradition and single-minded focus on pun-
ishing wrongdoing made them accepted, if not welcome, in the
Seelie Court. The fact that the sluagh encountered the trolls first
of all the other kith, as they pushed into Scandinavia and the
Baltic states relatively early in their existence, may well have
helped steer them, at least temporarily, toward a Seelie existence.

Long before the Sundering, however, the sluagh as a kith had
turned from the Seelie Court toa more studied neutrality. Accused
of punishing indiscriminately, the misunderstood and feared sluagh
severely limited their discourse with the Seelie Court. They essen-
tially removed themselves from its province, preferring solitude to
unpleasant company. While technically still Seelie faeries, most
sluagh consider themselves such simply because they find the
Unseelie's disrespect for formality disturbing. There is little of good
or evil in the sluagh's choice to remain neutral; merely a desire to

observe rather than to be observed.

Seelie

Seelie sluagh tend to have positions as bookstore owners,
librarians or antiquarian shopkeepers. Well over half are fe-
male, and their chimera are usually animal-like as opposed to
inanimate objects. This is not to say that those chimera are cute;
most tend to be large crystalline spiders, shimmering gold
centipedes and the like. Indeed, the entire kith has a fascination
with spider webs, and an intact, dew-spangled spider web is
something that most sluagh will pay a great deal for.

The vast majority of Seelie sluagh absent themselves from
court as much as possible, though if they come across information of
great import they will often send italongby messenger. Usually there
isone knightatany given court whohasearned thesluagh's trust, and
thisifae will become an information conduit to be reckoned with.

Unséelie

Unseelie sluagh are an entirely different kettle of fish (as well
as worms, snakes and other unpleasant animals). Heavily weighted
to the male side, the roster of Unseelie sluagh contains most of the
more active members of the kith. These are the spies, the hidden
messengers and the saboteurs of the Shadow Court. They strike
from shadows rather than watching from them, and give the kith
much of the bad name it has acquired among the sidhe.

Chapcer Two: The Kich Society 93


ee

Boggan

Seelie Sluagh: Marry a complete lack of ambition to an
utter failure to comprehend concepts more complicated that
of "cleaning house," and you have an archetypal boggan. They
do good works, it is true. However, in their own sanctimo-
nious way, even the best keep track of how many they've done
and for whom, and they positively wriggle for praise when
they think no one is watching. They forget that we always are.

Unseelie Sluagh: One might as well call them gnomes.
They're anal-retentive to the max. Never, ever accept a favor
from one. You'll be hearing about it every time you see them
until you pay them off, and the payment itself will be at least
three times what the original favor was worth.

Cshu

Seelie Sluagh: Eshu are perhaps our second best source of useful
information. Our best is, of course, ourselves, but our information is
acold thing, dragged from sewers and graves. The eshu's stories live,
and the sun of the lands they've seen isstill in their words. It is almost

enough for which to envy them. Trade tales with them, and do not
seek tosteal theirstories. More will be learned from those freely given.

Unseelie Sluagh: Oh, they will haggle over the prices of their
tales, but tugat thestrings of their vanity, andsoon enougheverything
they know comes tumbling out at your feet. Puff up one's pride and
then tell him, "Well, | heard that pooka tell a similarstory." He'll give
away all he has to trade, just to prove that he's a better storyteller than
a mythical rabbit. One might almost call them... .suckers.

Nockers

Seelie Sluagh: Their works are extremely impressive. They
will be the first to tell you so, and expect you to echo them
instantly. Praise one and you will have a friend for life — or at
least until you say something uncomplimentary about their
work. Be less than extravagant in your compliments, and your
ears will melt from their response. Most of their work does deserve
some praise. Just not as much as the nockers themselves think.

Unseelie Sluagh: How many nockers does it take to
change a light bulb? One, if you want a bulb that will play you
"The Star-Spangled Banner" and change color. I've never

something that works. The best you can hope for when
dealing with them is to learn a new piece of profanity or two.

Dooka

Seelie Sluagh: Confusing one of their stories with the truth is
much like those talesone hears of people mowing off their own feet.
It would seem impossible, but occasionally it happens, and every-
one else sits around makingsympathetic noises while trying to hide
their giggles. Pooka are wonderful if one needs entertaining
company, and has no wish to get a word in edgewise for a week or
three, but [have houseplants thatare better sources of information.

. %

BER yaa a2 D>
VAKAKA

seen one actually build anything useful, and rarely even :

Stereotypes

Unseelie Sluagh: Perhaps no other kith works itself so
easily into a frenzy over our games. A little noise here, a little
shadow there, and suddenly their pink and fuzzy noses are
twitching in terror. Infinitely fun to torment when they get
nosy, most are irredeemably dull otherwise. They have abso-
lutely no concept of how boring they are in conversation.

Redcaps

Seelie Sluagh: | understand many of the other kith have deep-
rooted misunderstandings about us. Knowing how ridiculous most
of the commonly believed rumors are, | should be willing to grant
redcaps the benefit of the doubt and assume that they are merely
misunderstood. I will not. | have known too many, and loathed all
butahandful. They are obscenities who understand terror, notfear.

Unseelie Sluagh: Attack dogs, pure and simple. Wind
them up, point them in the right direction, and let them go.
It's like watching a bad cartoon. They deserve precisely as
much respect as a Cuisinart, but redcaps really are quite good
for making julienne fries out of people who annoy you.

Satyrs

Seelie Sluagh: Some satyrs regard us as a delicacy, to be
sampled on occasion to refresh their jaded sexual palates. These
are to be disappointed. Others have a certain wisdom born of
excessive experience, and these should be cultivated. The worst
rarely have much of malice about them, and the best still can't
concentrate on anything but their own pleasure for long.

Unseelie Sluagh: Great for getting dirt on who's doing
whom, what they're doing with them, and where they
bought the equipment. Other than that, they're worthless.

Sidhe

Seelie Sluagh: I choose my words carefully when discussing the
sidhe. I do this not out of fear of them, but out of a fear of telling you
more than you might want to hear. The words I choose to describe
them at this time include, but are not limited to: arrogant, bloody,
self-blinded, delusional, genocidal fossils. Need more be said?

Unseelie Sluagh: Santayana once said that to knock down
something cocked at an arrogant angle is a deep delight of the
blood. He was talking about humiliating sidhe.

Trolls

Seelie Sluagh: The boggans shackle themselves with de-
tails, the trolls with honor. We know their past, and we know
their fate, and in the meantime treat them with due respect.
You will learn nothing from them, save by watching their
examples. They, ofall the other kith, know the value of silence.

Unseelie Sluagh: They're bright enough to know when
they're being fooled, but not bright enough to shed their
vaunted honor long enough to do something about it. The
word "long-suffering" was coined for these poor idiots.

et

RT 7a7a 1p' ao'd alv'@"aY'D

al

-

—

=

>

ee

Oe

Perhaps strong arms and sharp blades will not hold back the coming
Winter, but all honorable fae must try.
— Sir Athelred, Mendicant Knight

Dana, mother of Dagda, ruler of all the Gods peered into the Well of
Eternity and beheld her dream works. The world stretched out, silent and still,
waiting for the breath of life. There were her blessed children, the Tuatha de
Danaan. And beyond them, through the veils of time, were the eight peoples of
the fae, the children of her children. And even further through the mists did she
peer, witnessing the turnings of the celestial seasons. A time of tribulation
would arrive, and with it, perhaps, a time of final Winter when world and
Dreaming would wither under an eternal blanket of frozen Banality.

And she was troubled, saying: "Who will stand guard and protect these,
my beloved children?"

She gazed again through the well, and saw that though each of the eight
were vouchsafed great and wondrous gifts, they were small and their strength
would break like fragile twigs beneath the weight of the great snow.

"A protector I will build for them. I shall hew him from the very moun-
tains, and their strength shall be his strength. The surging rivers shall be his
life's blood, and his wisdom shall be that of the good earth."

And so saying she did forge a champion from the mightiest mountain.
Lightning was her hammer, and thunder rang out across the still and silent

world. And when her work was done she did breathe life into this, her creation,

and his eyes did open. His long hair and beard were mighty forests, and his
brow was wreathed in clouds.

And seeing him, she did say: "Behold the world. Before even my first-
born do I wake thee, that I may charge thee with thy sacred task. Thou art the
protector of all my children, and in so doing, thou shall be always first in my
heart." So saying did she enshroud him once more in the mist of dreams, that
he might wake again amongst the other Kithain.

— from The Tapestry of Slumber

Chapcer Two: The Kich Sociecy

95) gees

4


Cut off from the Dreaming, the trolls took up positions of

leadership among the fae. For six hundred years, during the
Troll history begins in the earliest reaches of the Time of Interregnum, the trolls took the brunt of an increasi sly
hostile world. Many changelings credit

>

Legends, and they are one of the oldest, if not the oldest, of
the kith. Troll tradition holds that they are the one kith -
directly created by the goddess Dana instead of by her
progeny, the Tuatha de Danaan. Trolls believe that the
earliest of their kind were elemental giants of some sort, at

charged with the protection of all the other fae. These ‘ | [h

giants (some believe) towered over modern-day trolls,

: the very survival of the fae to the
trolls, and thus still consider them

a

some standing as tall as mountains. Giants such as

>

Bran the Blessed and the Cerne Abbas giant may have
been gods. While many believe the size of these earliest
giants to be greatly exaggerated, there are still tales of such
creatures in the Deep Dreaming. Most believe that the
trolls during this time were of lesser stature, however.

,

ae

During the Time of Legends, the trolls proved their worth
many times against such enemies as the Fomorians and other
dark chimera from the Deep Dreaming.
Although there were troll chieftains @
at this time, they generally led through
example and rarely sought power for its

ownsake. Because of this predilection, many
commoners still feel that they are inherently
better leaders than the sidhe.

During the Sundering, the trolls, like many
other kith, became enamored of the traditions of
hierarchy and pageantry created by humanity. Many
trolls became valorous knights and adopted the

code of chivalry that emerged at this time. Un-
like the sidhe, however, the trolls were not as
efficient in the leadership aspects of kingdom-
building. Sidhe kingdoms soon assimilated
troll fiefdoms and freeholds. Despite strong
initial troll opposition to this trend, the trolls
soon realized that their intransigence in this
matter was weakening all the fae at a time of
growing peril. The two kith called for a
secret reune. At the reune's end, many
were amazed that the warrior trolls capitu-
lated to sidhe leadership. While some
muttered darkly that this was due to per-
fidy by the sidhe, trolls considered sidhe
leadership to be the course that would
most strengthen all the fae. It was also
during the Sundering that antagonism
between Seelie and Unseelie trolls
reached its zenith.

With the height of the Shattering,
the sidhe fled to Arcadia, abandoning
the other kith to the ravages of Banal-
ity. Perhaps more than any other kith,

it was the trolls who stepped into the
breach to preserve the fae of earth.

m | %6 The Changeling Diag
"a.
IN $< WZ.

Qs? |


es

J

—s

eS

— So en | SS

~
iy
y
cS
iy
sy

the true nobility of the Kithain. During this time the trolls
also controlled many of the more hostile tendencies of such
kith as the sluagh and the redcaps. After the Seelie and
Unseelie Courts reached an accord, the trolls were better able
to protect their fellow changelings from the threats repre-
sented by such forces as the Prodigals. While the trolls lacked
the subtlety of many other kith, their overwhelming strength
in battle and their reputation for honor won them widespread
support. The Interregnum was a crucible of sorts for the trolls,
and many of them believe that the Dreaming ordained it to
prepare them for the great trials of the coming Winter.

With the Resurgence and the return of the sidhe in 1969,
the trolls initially adopted a wait-and-see policy towards the
errant nobility. During this time the trolls resisted secret sluagh
overtures to attack the sidhe immediately, while they were still
weak. Many other commoners looked to the trolls to determine
their own reactions to the sidhe's return. It was only with the
Beltaine Massacre and the beginning of the Accordance War
that many trolls took the fore against the sidhe. During the
Accordance War, the troll community was divided in their
loyalties. Many allied themselves with the returned Dream
Lords, seeing their return as the harbinger of the returning
Dreaming. The majority of trolls, however, took up arms
against the sidhe and were the most powerful force against
them. The legendary 4th Troll Commons Battalion directly
engaged the sidhe warlord Dyfell in a series of fierce battles
throughout North America. Not since the Shattering were
such bloody battles waged among the fae. In final battle
between the two sides, sidhe forces decimated most of the
battalion, under the command of General Lyros. Despite this
defeat, many changelings still credit (or blame) the 4th Troll
Commons with Dyfell's death, a fact that has earned them the
enmity of such sidhe traditionalists as Lord Dray.

After the fall of Dyfell and the subsequent rise of King
David, the Accordance War ended, and the trolls were among
the first to embrace the peace. Ceding that King David was the
rightful king of the fae, most trolls quickly swore fealty to him,
and fell into their pre-Shattering place as supporters of the
sidhe. The sidhe and trolls forged the conditions of this peace
in a second great reune. There is great speculation as to the
conditions of this peace, and many sluagh rumor that the trolls
are now little more than the "trained lap-dogs of the sidhe."
Despite these assertions, blind obedience is not a deficiency of
the trolls. They have never lost sight of their role as protectors
of the fae. While they are still wary of the sidhe for their past
failings, most trolls consider the return to sidhe leadership to be
the fae's best bet for long-term survival. Some believe that the
trolls secretly made several strong demands of the sidhe in
return for their loyalty.

Troll loyalty to the Kingdom of Concordia has been
almost complete, at least among the Seelie trolls. Troll aid was
instrumental in the suppression of the Greens Rebellion in the
mid-1980s. Such troll lords as General Lyros and Duke Topaz
(ruler of the Kingdom of the Feathered Snake) strongly repre-

sent troll interests and values throughout Concordia. At the
same time, however, they are under attack by such sidhe
reactionaries as Lord Dray and the Beltaine Blade. Allied with
reactionaries of other kith, these sidhe have, with some success,
pushed a series of initiatives through the Parliament of Dreams
to undercut troll influence. Euphemistically called the "Troll
Assimilation Proclamation," this bill, if passed, will appropriate
a large number of troll freeholds, effectively eliminating them
as a power in the parliament. This proposal has encountered
stiff opposition by both sidhe and commoner allies of the trolls,
however. Its passage is far from certain.

Organization

Guardianship, not power, is the calling of the trolls.
They take this sacred trust very seriously, and much of their
organizational structure reflects this philosophy. Troll soci-
ety is a based on a strange combination of feudalism and
Jeffersonian democracy. As is the case with all kith, troll
freeholds are divided between nobles and motleys. Troll
freeholds of either kind are called lodges. Noble lodges follow
the typical pattern of a noble ruling over his subjects, sup-
ported by a system of knights. Noble freeholds also have the
usual assortment of vassals (squires, chamberlains, etc.).
Unlike many kith, however, troll nobility is not necessarily
hereditary, and trolls may remove unfit nobles through a
convocation of social groupings called fellowships.

Fellowships are the basic building block of trollish soci-
ety. There are three types of fellowships. The Fellowship of
the Hearth handles the normal domestic affairs of the lodge,
while the Fellowship of the Storm leads in times of war. The
Fellowship of the Mountain attends to the trolls' spiritual
matters and is the keeper of troll lore. All trolls may have a
voice in each of these fellowships, though as a rule most trolls
follow only one fellowship full-time. The agreement of all
three fellowships in a lodge is required to remove a wayward
noble. All the fellowships have a strong democratic compo-
nent, except for the Fellowship of the Storm.

Motley freeholds are also called lodges and follow the
same system of fellowships as the noble lodges. Most motley
lodges are ruled by one chieftain, supported by a system of
shamans and thanes. Motley chieftains may rule by strength,
guile or popular decree, depending on the individual lodge.
Those who rule by guile, however, must still maintain at least
the appearance of honor. Both noble and motley chieftains
must undergo a series of rites called the Fior-Danu to prove
their worth. This tests the aspirant's bravery, wisdom, honor
and fighting prowess. The fior takes place in the Dreaming
against chimerical challenges, and casualties are rare. All
troll lodges also receive strong support from their kin and are
highly protective of them.

Many Concordian motleys have taken on many of the
aspects of Native American tribes. Some have strong contacts
with the Nunnehi, and such Garou tribes as the Wendigo and

Chapter Two: The Kich Society fi


the Uktena (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse). Ironically troll
lodges such as the Brotherhood of Thor formed these alliances
during the Native American tribes' battles with the Get of
Fenris werewolves. This alliance with the Native American
Garou against the Brotherhood of Thor's traditional Scandina-
vian allies led to some interesting battles over the years, and has
strained the trolls' relationship with the Get of Fenris.

All trolls, whether they are Seelie or Unseelie, noble or
commoner, share common ground. Among each other they
are able to be themselves, without having to be on continuous
guard against threats to the Kithain. In private, trolls have a
strong romantic tradition, and are often humorous and bois-
terous. While other kith may see these aspects of troll behavior,
it is only among each other that trolls are truly at ease. It is for
this reason that the majority of troll freeholds are exclusively
of troll membership. Many trolls are itinerant, however,
wandering from freehold to freehold. It is in this way that the
trolls manage to retain strong contacts with the other kith.
Unlike the sidhe, most other commoners do not consider the
trolls to be remote.

Courts

No one is sure with which Court trolls were originally
aligned. Trolls of both Courts are prominent in the earliest
tales from the Time of Legends. Benign giants and blood-
thirsty ogres fill the pages of the Tapestry of Slumber, the
chronicle of that age. The earth rang with the sound of great
clashes between the two Courts. Usually, however, the two
Courts seemed to lead separate existences, rarely coming into
conflict. It was only with the advent of the Sundering and the
dwindling of the freeholds that their antagonism came into
sharp focus. The two Courts still had the protection of the fae
in mind, but opinions on how to accomplish this varied
greatly. Seelie trolls sought the preservation and cultivation
of the dwindling Dreaming. Those of the Unseelie Court
advocated striking horror into the hearts of the Dreamers,
thereby creating a flavor of Glamour that was more to their
liking. This antagonism culminated in the so-called War of
Thunder, which coincided with the Peloponnesian War.
The division between the two Courts continued after this,
but never reached such heights again. Trolls of the two
Courts were among the first to reach an accord after the
Shattering. Despite intermittent clashes, the two have main-
tained an informal pact of non-aggression since that time.

The Code of Oagda

The Code of Dagda is a formalized writ of troll behavior
handed down from the Time of Legends. Supposedly given to
the trolls by the "Good God" Dagda (son of Dana and greatest
of the Tuatha de Danaan), most trolls follow it to varying
degrees. The Code of Dagda is the path of the warrior and
complements, rather than replaces, the Escheat. The code is
in many ways similar to the medieval codes of chivalry or to

The Changeling Diayers Guide

the samurai code of bushido. It presupposes a high and
honorable place for the trolls as a kith, and thus dictates a
superior code of ethics to those worthy of this superior status.
Among the dictates of this code are the acceptance of an
honorable surrender, respect for those of a higher social
standing and the protection of the Dreaming.

Notall trolls follow every aspect of this code equally, and
individual interpretations of it may vary widely. Unseelie
interpretation of the code is very different from that of Seelie
trolls. Part of the code dictates that trolls should always battle
other trolls in battle before moving on to weaker and "less
worthy" opponents. Most other fae are very grateful for this
particular provision of the code. While trolls are the primary
followers of the Code of Dagda, it also has adherents outside
this kith. Warriors of many kith follow parts or all of this code
and have their own particular versions of it. The sidhe House
of Scathach (see Nobles: The Shining Host) are particularly
strong proponents of the code, and received much of it
directly from the trolls during the Interregnum.

Seelie Trolls

Seelie trolls are literal-minded proponents of the Code
of Dagda and embody all the best aspects of the Seelie Court
at large. Their ethos dictates that the strong must protect the
weak and entails a strict code of ethics similar to that of
medieval chivalry. Seelie troll chivalry usually extends to all
creatures, even Prodigals and humans. They, more than
perhaps any other fae, are aware of the approaching Winter,
and are readying themselves for battle. Seelie trolls are widely
trusted by other fae of both Courts. They view all Kithain as
worthy (though sometimes misguided) changelings until
they prove otherwise. They are generally tolerant of those of
the Unseelie Court, whom they view as merely following
their preordained role within the Dreaming. This open-
mindedness does not necessarily extend to specific Unseelie
practices such as Ravaging and needless cruelty toward hu-
mans, however. Seelie trolls are adamant in enforcing the
Escheat, and have little tolerance for those who flagrantly
violate its tenets or endanger the fae as a people.

Unseehie Trolls

Unlike most of the Unseelie Court, Unseelie trolls (a.k.a.
ogres) maintain a strong code of ethical comportment all their
own. This code is in many ways similar to that of their Seelie
counterparts. It involves such precepts as protecting the fae as
a race (though this precept does not necessarily include indi-
vidual changelings) and seeking worthy opponents. Unseelie
troll bullies are, fortunately, rarer than one might think, though
they couch this precept in terms of only wanting to battle
"worthy" opponents. Unseelie troll interpretation of the Code
of Dagda is less literal than Seelie interpretation, and their code
of conduct does not usually extend to humans. Unseelie troll
honor is also very dualistic and applies a very different ethos to

F

Sar

a

—

=<

SS

a

oe

7 _4

/ _4

ee

>

~~

~

——

>

>

-_


Stereotypes

Boggans

Seelie Trolls: Worthy of our respect because they are the most
true to their fae nature and among the most worthy of our kind.

Unseelie Trolls: A strange little people, but at least they
know their place.

Cshu

Seelie Trolls: While many appear to be dishonest
rogues, in truth many follow a strict code of honor. Their
imagination and adventurous nature strengthen the Dream-
ing wherever they go. Once you have gained an eshu's
loyalty, you have a friend for life.

Unseelie Trolls: Dishonest rogues, who claim to follow
astrict code of honor. Trust them only when you can keep
an eye on them, and be aware that they spread rumors.

Nockers

Seelie Trolls: When they show any honor at all, it is in
matters of their admittedly superior craft. They make the
best weapons, but always demand a warranty, no matter how
offended they may act at the suggestion.

Unseelie Trolls: They make the best weapons, but
always demand a warranty.

Dooka

Seelie Trolls: They seem to havea very low opinion of our
intelligence; we are thus tempting targets for their churlish
pranks. Hand out one object lesson in manners, and news in
their community seems to spread, however. Fortunately they
have learned not to push our patience too far.

Unseelie Trolls: Smash a few of their empty animal
heads together and watch them cower. Once properly
humbled, they make good spies and messengers. It is always
useful to have at least one pooka as a companion.

kith other than to their own. Among other trolls (Seelie and
Unseelie), ogres tend toward a stricter interpretation of the
Code of Dagda and the Escheat, while among other, "lesser"
kith, they tend toward a more liberal interpretation of these

AUK.

Redcaps

Seelie Trolls: Good fighters who honor us for our strength,
but they completely misunderstand what it is to be a warrior.
Their excesses damage the Dreaming, and we must watch them.

Unseelie Trolls: Sometimes these guys go a little too far.
Despite their bravado, most of them are cowards at heart.

Satyrs

Seelie Trolls: A conundrum for those of our kind. They
follow nothing but the dictates of their own jaded desires, yet
their festivities strengthen the Dreaming and all the fae.
Leave them to their own devices.

Unseelie Trolls: Their pose as clueless hedonists does not
foolus. They are adept scholars and incurable busybodies, always
sticking their noses into our affairs. They are lying seducers and
use their wiles to steal our secrets. If you must have an affair with
one of them, do it on your own terms and make it a short one.

Sidhe

Seelie Trolls: Undoubtedly those among us best suited to
lead, but they have failed the fae once before. This is their
second and last chance.

Unseelie Trolls: _ Undoubtedly those among us best
suited to lead, but they have failed the fae once before. This
is their second and last chance.

Sluagh

Seelie Trolls: As a group they are dishonest and manipula-
tive. Ifnothing else, we support the sidhe to curb their excesses.
You may trust some as individuals, judged by their own merits.

Unseelie Trolls: They look at us as little more than
powerful pawns to be used against the sidhe. We claim that we
are on to them, but then why do they always still seem to get
their way with us? Trust a satyr or an eshu before you trust one
of these grotto-whisperers.

codes. This gives other kith the impression that ogre behavior
is erratic and bound by no real code. Non-trolls, thus, view
Unseelie trolls with trepidation.



Spirics In Lesh

When we were created we were

given our ground to live on and from this

time these were our rights. This is all true.

We were put here by the Creator —

I was not brought from a foreign country...

— Chief Weninock, Yakima

The Nunnehi are the faerie spirits of the Native Ameri-
cans. Not only are they the embodiments of the myths,
legends, dreams and possibilities of the native tribes of North
America, they also spring from the vision quests and spirit
workings integral to those cultures. The word Nunnehi means
"people who live anywhere," and they inhabit remote wilder-
ness areas as well as living on the fringes of human society,
often combining nomadic and settled cultures. Their town-
ships and enclaves serve as bases for groups of wandering
hunters and warriors, who act as guardians against the en-
croachment of outsiders, including European changelings.
Like the mortals whose dreams they personify, the Nunnehi
share a reverence for and understanding of the natural world
of rocks, plants and animals. In some ways they serve asa spirit
link between nature and their chosen tribes.

Long before the coming of the Kithain, the Nunnehi
Nations lived in harmony with the Native American tribes.
Though somewhat varied due to differences in concepts and
beliefs, many Nunnehi had traits in common. Many were

invisible or could become so; some could change size from a
few inches tall to gigantic. Almost all were believed to grant
favors or bestow curses. Closely tied to both the natural world
and the world of the spirits, some served as go-betweens for
communications with higher beings or the spirits of the dead.
Tribes left gifts to placate their spirit brethren, asked them for
guidance, and feared their retribution should anyone insult or
anger them. In return, the Nunnehi Nations watched over
their "flesh brothers," lending their assistance when needed
and teaching tribal dreamers healing and growing magics.

Nunnehiare very different from their European cousins.
They do not gather Glamour, but "harvest Medicine." They
evince different types than the European faeries as well,
having no boggans, sluagh, sidhe or redcaps. Instead, they are
water babies or invisible people depending on which region
and tribe they descend from. They refer to these types as
Families rather than kith. Nor do Nunnehi refer to them-
selves as the Kithain. They are the Nunnehi Nations. Indeed,
they hardly seem to grasp the concept of being singular,
instead referring toa single Nunnehias "one" to show that the
Nunnehi in question is "one of the principal people (of the
Nunnehi Nations)." In this, they are much like their flesh
brothers, who see themselves as part of and in relationship to
the tribe before being individuals. Sadly, they also resemble
the tribes in their dislocation from many of their former
territories and in their declining numbers.

Those who were left behind when the doorways closed to
Arcadia and the Higher Hunting Grounds (the Nunnehi

Chapter Three: The Nunnehi


Dreaming) became changelings. The European faeries under-
went a changing ritual that shielded them from Banality; the
native faeries found highly spiritual people who agreed to act as
hosts for the Nunnehi's spirits. The first Nunnehi-human
hybrids shared the bodies, with the Nunnehi spirit remaining
quiescent within until the host either fathered or became the
mother of a child. The Nunnehi spirit then entered the child
before birth, fusing its faerie spirit to the child's flesh. Those
who had hosted Nunnehi spirits within themselves often
became counselors, medicine men and wise women in their
tribes due to the insights granted them by their faerie brethren.
Nunnehi have most often chosen to re-manifest within the
descendants of those they originally inhabited, though any
member of the Nunnehi's chosen tribe might be so honored.
This has proven to be both a blessing and a curse, keeping the
Nunnehi strong and allied with their tribes, while creating
grave problems for those whose tribes have become extinct.

The major difference between Nunnehi and other
changelings lies in their relationship to the Dreaming. Un-
like other changelings, who are merely exiled from Arcadia
and who can still occasionally touch the Dreaming, Nunnehi
have lost their connection to their homeland (called the
Higher Hunting Grounds) in the Dreaming. There is specu-
lation that this may stem from the actual destruction of the
Higher Hunting Grounds due to the loss of so many native
tribes and the erosion of their beliefs. To compensate, Nunnehi
have gained the ability to draw Glamour (which they call
Medicine) directly from the natural world, and are also able
to enter the spirit world under certain conditions.

The Nunnehi still mourn their loss of the Dreaming and
commemorate it through their love for and skill in song,
dance, story and artistic endeavors. Ironically, most Nunnehi
tend to be extremely creative in at least one of these areas,
thus making them sources of Glamour for other changelings.

Relazions

The story of the Nunnehi is one of coping with a series
of invasions. In each region, certain areas were set aside as
homelands or territories for the Nunnehi. These were usually
thought to be places of power and great natural beauty such
as waterfalls, strange rock formations, stands of woods, par-
ticular coves along the shoreline, caves, great trees or islands
found in mid-river or emerging from a dismal swamp. In some
cases, this brought them into competition with Garou, who
claimed caerns in many of the same regions. For the most part,
though, the two groups cooperated rather than competing,
and the Croatan, Uktena and Wendigo found natural allies
among the Nunnehi. To this day, it is far more likely to find
the Native American Garou and the Nunnehi allied than at
odds with one another. This is not true with regard to those
Garou who are called "the latecomers" — the Fianna, Get of
Fenris, Silver Fangs and others.

The Lirsc Cave

Mote intrusive and more dangerous to the native faeries
were those of their own kind. Many Nunnehi were originally
friendly to those who fled to North America to escape
Banality. Those noble sidhe and their households often came
as supplicants searching for new lands to shelter them. The
Nunnehi frequently welcomed their foreign cousins and
taught them how to live in the new environment. Treaties
were signed and friendship gifts exchanged.

Soon, however, greater numbers came across the sea,
and these settled wherever they pleased with little regard for
the native faeries' feelings. Like their human counterparts
who would later arrive in the New World, the European
faeries arrogantly assumed that their culture and ways were
superior and more civilized. Without understanding that the
traditions and customs of the Nunnehi were at least as old, if
not older, than their own, the immigrants dismissed the rich
culture and society of the "backward savages." Some even
took Nunnehi as captives and thralls to "teach" them Euro-
pean values and how to be "civilized." Relations between the
Kithain and the Nunnehi Nations deteriorated wherever the
newcomers took no thought for the feelings and rights of the
native faeries. The Nunnehi fought back against the usurpers
who took their lands, banding together into war parties to
attack European freeholds and travelers. Though most of the
older settlements where the Kithain were friendly to the
Nunnchi were safe from such attack, some hotheads among
the Nations made war upon any non-natives.

‘The Curopean Setclement

With the coming of human European settlers, many of the
commoners also arrived. These too encroached upon the
Nunnehi just as the humans did. Though the alien faeries
appreciated the beauty of their new surroundings, they could
not glean Glamour from it as could the Nunnehi. Unwittingly,
the settlers felled stands of ancient trees and plowed over fields
where Nunnehi had once danced and harvested Medicine.
Warfare also took its toll among the Nunnehi. Tribe fought
tribe as they were pushed into one another's territories and
forced into competition for resources. Many natives supported
European powers rather than the American settlers in the War
for Independence, hoping that the powers would give back
their lands in return for their help. When the war was lost, these
were stripped of their remaining territories, and many were
forced into slavery or sent far away. The Nunnehi fought
alongside their flesh brothers and shared their fate.

Over time, the Europeans uprooted the native tribes,
either decimating them with diseases they had no protection
against or displacing them from their hunting grounds and
homelands. Many Nunnehi who had formerly been peaceful
responded with anger and enmity, waging war against the
European changelings and their human kin. Others withdrew
deeper into the forests, or disappeared from the knowledge of


their foreign cousins. Some accompanied their displaced flesh
brothers to exile in their new homes. Those whose people were
displaced and who either would not or could not follow their
human kin have either died out or withdrawn so deeply into the
spirit world that they are no longer seen on Earth. A very few
of these remain in hidden enclaves, but they are ancient now
and malevolent toward all. These have wholly given them-
selves over to their Winter natures and wait only for their
eventual deaths. It is unknown whether these Nunnehi's spirits
can inhabit the bodies of other tribal people, or if their passing
will mark the end of their immortal faerie souls. These are the
most dangerous Nunnehi — especially to non-natives —
because they have nothing more to lose.

While less deliberately malevolent, other Nunnehi con-
tinue to attack and fight the usurpers. It isn't hard to understand
their resentment and hatred for the aliens who took their land,
ripped away their Glamour, decimated their tribal brethren and
almost destroyed them. Their once-free glens, which served
them as dancing circles, tribal meeting places and encamp-
ments, have been made over into freeholds by the Europeans.
Many Nunnehi were nomadic, moving according to the sea-
sons or availability of game. The concept of a fixed place, of
remaining in one abode, is foreign to them still. Much less do
they understand reservations or why their people are confined
to such poor areas with so little to sustain them.

For the last hundred years, the Nunnehi have been in
decline as their tribes lost most of their population, shunned
their old beliefs and turned away from their ancient tradi-
tions. Only in the last few decades has there been a resurgence
of Native American pride and a renewal of interest in the old
ways. With it has come the rebirth of Nunnehi who were
thought to have been lost forever as their stories faded from
memory and the birth of new Nunnehi from the visions,
dreams and beliefs of modern tribal people. From this renais-
sance of belief has arisen new hope that the Nunnehi are no
longer a dead and dying people, but one that has endured
their long Winter and now is emerging again into Spring.

The Recurn of the Sidhe

Into the volatile mix precipitated by Kithain dominance
and Nunnehi desperation has now been thrown the return of
the noble sidhe. Their coming and reclamation of lands they
considered to be their fiefs not only sparked the Accordance
War, but acted as a call to arms for Nunnehi as well. Some
Nunnehi were again displaced by this influx of non-natives,
who once again assumed their own superiority. Many of these
fought alongside the commoners, believing that once they

triumphed, the common Kithain must recognize their rights.
Others merely stood aside, feeling that it was none of their
concern if commoner slew noble, so long as all involved were
not Nunnehi. A third group allied with the nobles, remem-
bering a time when some nobles had sworn treaties and bonds

of friendship with them. These fared best, and some Nunnehi
Nations today enjoy treaties and guarantees of their rights


sworn to by noble friends who have claimed fiefdoms partly
won through Nunnehi support.
Naturally, nothing is without price. The conflicting loyal-
ties engendered by the Accordance Wars have caused old
enmities among various tribes of Nunnehi to erupt. Most tribes
refuse to engage in warfare against their own kind, but those
whose tribes were enemies or competitors again spoil for battle
to prove themselves better. The new emphasis on pride among
Native Americans has had a heady effect upon the Nations.
Where they all might once have been content to ally in the face
of certain eventual destruction, the renewal of native culture
has made them proud and unwilling to forgive old wror
Nunnehi from competing tribes might forswear fighting among
themselves long enough to battle non-natives, but they seldom
choose to ally for longer periods or even go their separate,
peaceful ways. If no fight ensues between the momentary allies,
cting treach-
ery from the other until miles are put between them. Thus, ev

they back away from confrontation, with each es

as the Nunnehi again become strong, they weaken themselves
from within by intertribal bickering.

Changeling Players Guide

‘Trides

All Nunnehi belong to a tribe. Differences in Nunnehi

can be attributed to the variant dreams and expectations

g the Native American tribes. For this reason, it is
difficult for Nunnehi to be born into non-natives or those
who are not members of their tribe. Doing so almost guaran-

s that they will not remember who and what they are until
y become elders and reach the perspective and wisdom
that age brings.

For the most part, many tribes from the same region have
similar backgrounds, such as the buffalo hunters of the Great
Plains. To that extent, Nunnehi may be associated with
particular areas, being identified, for example, as Southwest-
ern or Northeastern. Within those regions, however, the
individual tribes shape the form, dress, practices and customs
that the Nunnehi Nations follow. Nunnehi are never born
into tribes who once were or are still considered rivals or
enemies to their own.


Regardless of their geographic placement, each still
flourishing or revitalized culture has a special relationship
with its Nunnehi. While modern tribal members may not
believe that Nunnehi move among them, many do believe in
nature spirits to whom they appeal for help and strength.
Many also believe that certain children are born who evince
talents or spiritual affinities that mark them as "special."
Nunnehi often serve as tribal storytellers, lorekeepers, artists,
crafters and dancers. Some become advisors or even chiefs.

It is not possible to examine each tribe in detail, but this
general overview can be used as a springboard for further
investigation into the Native American tribes from whom
the Nunnehi take their shapes. Virtually all the native
cultures depicted here are confined to reservations today. In
most cases, the Nunnehi are a blend of ancient practices and
modern sensibilities. Because they often depend upon both
their ties to the natural and spirit worlds and on old traditions
for their existence, however, Nunnehi tend to be more
anachronistic than other changelings, clinging to old ways
rather than embracing modern tools and ways of life. There-
fore, the descriptions given below of the clothing, customs,
skills and practices of the various tribes is still fairly accurate
when applied to the practices of modern Nunnehi.

Norcheast

...and each of the five chiefs of the sister nations clasped
the hands of the others so firmly that a falling tree could not
have severed them.

— From the story of the founding of the Iroquois
Confederacy

Trappers, hunters and fishers, the natives of the North-
eastern woodlands found that they had many things incommon.
Alliances and confederations were commonplace, with the
Iroquois and Abnaki Confederations pointing the way. Those
Nunnehi who were associated with these tribes also considered
(and still consider) themselves to be allies of their respective
Nunnehi Nations, and may sometimes lend aid to the flesh
brothers of allied tribes. Anyone who makes an enemy of one
of the allied Nunnehi makes an enemy of all their allies as well.
Interestingly, those from the Iroquois Confederation and those
of the Abnaki were traditional enemies.

The Confederacy of che Iroquois

Before the coming of the Europeans, a holy man's vision

led to the creation of the Confederacy of the Iroquois, five
Nations bound together by shared language, custom and law.
The Iroquois, who lived in what became New York state,
divided their land into five strips, democratic republics gov-
erned by an lected council. Chiefs were elected from
candidates proposed by the matrons of the tribes, and had ta
act only with the consent of all the women of childbearing
age. The Iroquois Nations were controlled by the women,
both because they reckoned kin relations through the matri-

lineal line, and because women were responsible for most of
the work done in the community, from childrearing to
planting and harvesting. The men were often away hunting
for long periods of time.

Made up of the Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Cayuga
and Seneca, the League of Five Nations became Six Nations
when they allied with the Tuscarora. All speeches and
diplomatic dealings were accompanied by a gift of wampum,
beads made from whelk shells. This was done to show that
what was said was both important and true. The Iroquois
became the most powerful native tribes in the Northeast,
allying with the European invaders and thus saving their
lands and culture until after the Revolutionary War when
most of them sided with the British. They warred chiefly with
their rivals in the fur trade, the Hurons, Eries and Illinois and
the Algonquin speakers of the Abnaki Confederation.

One of the most breathtaking sites in Iroquois land is
Taughannock Falls, which plummets over 215 feet into
Cayuga Lake and serves as a place of power for those few
Cayugan Nunnehi who are left. They wait in vain for the
return of their people, who now live on a reservation in
northeastern Oklahoma. Of the six tribes, only the Seneca
and Mohawk still maintain any large presence in the area,
with the Mohawk taking on the modern role of steelworkers
high atop the skyscrapers of Manhattan.

The Adnaki Confederation

Covering areas from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick to
Maine, the Abnaki Confederacy encompassed the Abnaki,
Maliseet, Passamaquoddy and Penobscot tribes. All were
Algonquin speakers and held alliances with the French.
Expert at canoeing, fishing and trapping, the Abnaki allies
lived in conical wigwams covered with birch bark. Unlike
their Iroquois rivals, they reckoned kinship from the patrilin-
ear line. The Abnaki allies popularized the idea of using the
Calumet Ceremony (or peace pipe) as a ceremonial means to
stopping wars, mediating disagreements and establishing
peace. Many among these tribes wore beaver skins, softening
and curing the hides for later trade with the French. The
Maliseet were noted for their singing, dancing and elaborate
feasts, while the Penobscot found fame with their intricate
bead- and quillwork, and had a reputation for peacefulness
and hospitality. Most now live on reservations in Maine.

Other tribes of the area included the Micmac, Pequod,
Susquehanna, Powhatan and Delaware.

Soucheast

It is the path of wisdom to learn from one's predecessors,
of course, but we also owe them the metaphysical courtesy of
remembering themsAs archaeologists know, the land itself
remembers those-awho have dwelt uponit:

— George E. Lankford, ed. Native American Legends:
Southeastern Legends

Chapcer Three: The Nunnehi 105


The earliest tribes to inhabit the Southeastern wood-
lands were mound-builders, hunter-gatherers who eventually
turned to agriculture and built a rich and intricate civiliza-
tion. The migration of Mississippian tribes into the region
resulted in their disappearance or assimilation by the new-
comers, who would become knownas the Cherokee, Choctaw,
Chickasaw and Creek. The Seminoles, an offshoot of the
Creek, eventually traveled to the Florida peninsula.

The tribes that settled in the forests and valleys of the
Southeast were farmers and hunters, living in summer and
winter towns and enjoying a complex form of government
revolving around a chief and a town council. Decisions were
made by consensus, and both warriors and elders (known as
beloved men and women) had a voice in the council. Sum-
mer houses tended to be rectangular and large, while winter
houses were round and heavily insulated, with only a single
small entrance to conserve heat.

Societal structure was both matrilineal and matrilocal, and
women played an important role in the life of the tribe. They
owned property, oversaw the raising of children, and occasion-
ally accompanied their warriors into battle as chroniclers, often
singing songs to inspire bravery in combat. Intertribal warfare
was common among these tribes, usually for the purpose of taking
slaves or war captives to assert their status. In times of peace,
warriors spent much of their time preparing for and participating
in ball games, which assumed ritual significance for the tribes.

The Cherokee inhabited parts of the Carolinas, Tennes-
see and Georgia. The Choctaw resided in southern Mississippi
and parts of Alabama and Louisiana, while the Chickasaw
claimed northern Mississippi as their home. The Creeks made
their home in southern Georgia and Alabama.

The Seminole adapted themselves to their semi-tropical
environment, building stilt-houses, called chickees, with pal-
metto leaf roofs and sides that were open to the air except at
night, when canopies were lowered to keep out the insects.

The Live Civilized Tridves

The Europeans who settled the Southeastern woodlands
after the 17th century referred to the Cherokee, Choctaw,
Chickasaw, Creek and Seminole as the "five civilized tribes,"
so called because of their original friendliness to the white
invaders and their willingness to adopt the customs of the
new arrivals. The Southeastern tribes learned the European
method of agriculture, adapted their clothing and hairstyles
to reflect the dress of the white settlers, and in many cases,
even converted to the religion of the Europeans. Determined
to prove that they could coexist with the newcomers in
harmony, they entered into treaties and alliances which they
thought would guarantee the sanctity of their homelands.

The Europeans, however, coveted the fertile lands of the
Southeastern tribes, and sought every opportunity to acquire
the natives' territories for themselves. Many of the South-
eastern peoples sided with the British during the Revolutionary
War and lost their lands when the British were defeated.

The Changeling Diayers Guide

Some tribes were pressured into abandoning their lands,
traveling west across the Mississippi. Others attempted to
remain, hoping for recognition by the Great Father in Wash-
ington (whoever he happened to be) as citizens. In 1827,
using the alphabet invented by Sequoyah, the Cherokee
adopted a constitution and declared themselves a nation,
hoping thereby to establish relations with the government of
the former American colonies. Their hopes came to nothing
when, in 1838, by presidential fiat, Andrew Jackson enforced
the Indian Removal Act, rounding up and relocating the
Cherokee and the remaining Southeastern tribes to a reser-
vation in Oklahoma, where they now reside. This forced
march, known as the Trail of Tears, resulted in the deaths of
nearly a quarter of the exiles.

Some members of the Southeastern tribes managed to
escape forced removal. A small portion of the Cherokee hid
in the mountains of North Carolina, eventually winning the
right to remain in that area. These form the Eastern Band of
the Cherokee Nation and live on the Qualla Boundary
Reservation near the North Carolina/Tennessee border. Many
Seminoles retreated into the Everglades and waged guerrilla
warfare on the U.S. troops determined to evict them from
their land. Even when the Seminole surrendered, a few
diehards were permitted to remain on a reservation in Florida.
The rest followed their Southeastern cousins to Oklahoma.

Other southeastern tribes include the Natchez, Catawba,
Yuchi, Clusa, Caddo and the Tunica-Biloxi.

CDidwest

Sometimes it is more important to act like a chief than to
live to a great old age.

— Jenny Leading Cloud, "Chief Roman Nose Loses His
Medicine"

The tribes of the Midwest comprise those from the
western Great Lakes regions stretching northward into Canada
and those who formed the greater part of Plains Indian
culture. The Plains tribes are the nomadic native people who
lived in tipis, hunted the buffalo, adapted their culture when
they acquired the horse and fought fiercely for their land
against the Western settlers and the Army. These natives are
what most people envision when they think of "Indians."

The Northern Tridves

These tribes were forest people like their neighbors to the
east. They were the Cree, Ojibwa, Winnebago and Blackfoot.

The Cree lived mostly in Canada, but migrations in the
17th century scattered them from Quebec to the Rockies. They
also came into conflict with their Sioux and Blackfeet neigh-
bors as their territories shifted. Hunting, fishing and trapping
comprised most of their work. They now live in North Dakota.

The Ojibwa are more usually known as the Chippewa (a
misnomer). Their meetings with the French changed them
from the tiny, self-governing villages to tribal organization that


included the Grand Medicine society. Living mainly in Minne-
sota, they were allied with the French, and traded beaver and
pelts for firearms, which they used to drive their enemies, the
Sioux, to the west. They were able to maintain many of their
cultural traits, such as woodcraft and birch bark canoes, because
of their isolation from English and American settlements.

The Winnebago were a woodlands tribe of Sioux lin-
eage. They are divided into two Phratries — the upper (air)
people and lower (earth) people. They lived in permanent
villages and grew maize, squash, beans and tobacco. Removed
to Minnesota, they were driven out by white settlers, and
today live in Nebraska.

The Blackfoot are actually three closely allied tribes, the
Siksikas, Bloods and Piegans. Much feared by early white
trappers and fur traders, the Blackfoot killed any white man
who encroached upon their hunting grounds in search of
beaver. They lived in tipis and hunted buffalo like other
Plains Indians. One of the Piegan's main ceremonials was the
sun dance. They now live in Montana and Alberta, Canada.

TheDlains Trides

The Sioux Nation is comprised of three divisions: Lakota,
Dakota and Nakota. The Lakota (or Tetons) are the seven
westernmost tribes, and refer to themselves as Ikche-wichasha
("the real natural human beings"). They have been called

"the red knights of the prairie," and claim as their heroes Red
Cloud, Sitting Bull and Crazy Horse. These nomads carry
their goods on horse travois, go on vision quests which

include four-day fasts as part of the ritual, and practice the sun
dance. Originally friendly to Europeans, they were among the
greatest warriors against forced removal, annihilating Custer
at the Little Bighorn. Their last battle was fought against
overwhelming odds at Wounded Knee in 1890.

The Cheyenne practiced ritual dog-eating. Their name
for themselves is Tis-Tsis-Tas ("the people"). Originally from
the Great Lakes Region, they too epitomized the great horse-
men and brave warriors of the plains. Allied with the Sioux,
they fought with them at Little Bighorn against Custer and
were honored by the Sioux as great warriors. Forced into
Oklahoma, one group heroically returned to their old hunt-
ing grounds, settling in Montana. The Southern Cheyenne
remained on their reservation in Oklahoma.

The Crow were a typical Plains tribe who adopted the
nomadic lifestyle when they acquired horses and guns. They
were known as fierce fighters and skilled horse thieves. The
Crow furnished scouts for the Army, and thus became the
enemies of many others of the Plains tribes. They reside in
Montana.

Other Midwestern tribes include the Kiowa, Comanche,
Osage, Oto, Pawnee, Sauk, Fox and Illinois.


Souchuwiest

...With goodness and beauty in all things
around me, I go;

With goodness and beauty I follow
immortality.

Thus being I, I go.

— from a Dineh sacred song of the Beauty Way

Most of the tribes in this region are settled farmers. Many
are pueblo-dwellers, who have adapted to the harsh desert
environment. The sun wasa potent force to these tribes and rain
a much-needed blessing. They are the originators of the rain
dance and the kivas, which were initially pit houses dug into the
earth for shelter and as storage places. Some kivas are sacred, and
the elders retreat into them to pray during important ceremo-
nies. The ladder that reached from inside to the roof of the kiva
symbolized life emerging from the Earth Mother. Among these
tribes are the Apache, Hopi, Navajo and Zuni.

The Apache were nomadic, living in wickiups (conical
brush shelters). They hunted, gathered wild plants, and
planted corn and squash. The Apache dressed in deer skin
and wore their long hair loose and held by head bands. The
men wore long breech cloths and soft thigh-high moccasins.
Initially known more for their skill as runners, they became
superb horsemen. Among their heroes were Cochise and
Goyathlay (better known as Geronimo).

The Changeling Diayers Guide

%

The Hopi are peaceful pueblo-dwellers. They are noted
for their ability to coax corn and other crops to thrive in
desert sands. Hopi women make pottery and baskets, while
the men do the weaving and hunting. Women of marriage-
able age wear their hair in elaborate knots on either side of
their heads called a squash-blossom style.

The Navaho, who call themselves the Dineh ("the
people"), came from northwestern Canada. They were fierce
raiders who terrorized the peaceful crop-growers of the South-
west. Over time, they adopted many of their pueblo neighbors'
practices such as basketweaving and pottery making. They
learned silversmithing from the Spaniards and weaving from
the pueblos. Their religious practice, known as the Beauty
Way, involves exuberance and joy in the richness and beauty
of living. They are the largest tribe in the United States. Their
reservation, which touches upon the Grand Canyon, con-
tains Monument Valley and Canyon de Chelly. Dineh women
still wear their traditional colorful costumes set off by silver
and turquoise necklaces. They live in hogans, domes of logs
covered with mud with a smoke hole at the top.

The Papago and the Pima are closely related. Thought to
be the descendants of the Hohokan, a prehistoric people who
constructed an elaborate system of irrigation canals, both
tribes excel in farming. The women of both tribes weave
exceptionally beautiful baskets. Both tribes lived in dome-
shaped houses and now reside in Arizona.


The Zuni were some'of the first pueblo-dwellers to suffer
from Spanish greed. The walls of their adobe houses looked
like gold to Spanish explorers, prompting a-report to the
Spanish viceroy that the "fabled Seven Cities of Cibola,
whose streets were paved with gold," had been found. As a
result, ‘Coronado and his armed adventurers plundered the
pueblo. The Zuni fled to the top of an inaccessible mesa where
they built a single, defensible village. They live there still.

Other Southwestern tribes include the Mojave, Tewa,
Tiwa and Yuma.

Lar West

You might as well expect the rivers to run backward as
that any man who was born free should be contented penned
up and denied liberty to go where he pleases.

— Chief Joseph, speech before cabinet members, Con-
gressmen and diplomats, 1879.

The Far West tribes are those of Montana, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, California and Utah. They have
varied cultures, but are not usually numbered among either
the Plains tribes or those who lived along the coast of the
Pacific Northwest. Among them are the Flatheads, Miwok,
Modoc, Utes and Nez Percés.

The Flatheads were a Salishan tribe in Montana who
adopted Plains Indian culture with the arrival of the horse,
and traded beaver and bison skins. Plains tribes gave them
their unusual name to distinguish them from other Salishan
tribes who did practice ritual forehead flattening.

The Miwok were a central Californian tribe who ate nuts,
fished, and hunted deer and rabbits. They lived in conical houses
made of poles. Women worked together with communal grind-
ing stones. Before the Gold Rush, the Miwok were a prosperous
tribe with a rich culture. Today they are practically extinct.

The Modoc lived in southwestern Oregon. They are most
remembered for their fierce resistance to being forced onto
reservations. The Modoc took shelter in the Lava Beds, where
they defended themselves against thousands of soldiers who
bombarded them with cannor-tire. Eventually, part of the tribe
was removed to Oklahoma with the rest left in Oregon.

The Nez Percés, which means "pierced noses," cus-
tomarily wore a piece of dentalium shell through their septums.
They were semi-nomadic and best known for their trading
skills, bravery and generosity. The fine basketweaving of
their women and their breeding of Appaloosa horses brought
them fame as well. Consistently friendly to Europeans, they
lived in communal houses containing several families. Un-
justly driven from their lands, they fought fiercely under their
great leader Chief Joseph. They now live in Idaho.

The Utes were from Colorado and eastern Utah, and
shared many cultural traits with the more northern Plains tribes.
Mormon settlers and mining interests forced them off much of
their ancestral lands. Generally friendly to Europeans, they now
raise cattle and live on reservations in Colorado and Utah.

[ar Norch and
Dacific Norchusest

In the month of Beaver

I watch the night sky,

Thinking this was the time of year

We made ts' eekkaayah.

Memories stretch and pull around me —
Bark drying on a new canoe.

— Mary TallMountain, "Ts'eekkaayah (Spring Camp)"

The people of this region are either coastal dwellers or
natives of the frozen north. Those who reside along the
Pacific Coast are usually referred to as the tribes of the Pacific
Northwest, while the Aleuts and Inuits are usually called
Eskimos. All these tribes derive much of their livelihood from
fishing and hunting, and must cope with the long, cold
winters of the north.

‘The Lar Northern Trides

The Aleuts are a branch of the Inuit who live mostly on
the Aleutian Islands. The name came from Russian traders;
their own name for themselves is unangan ("the people").
They were adept at hunting and harvesting sea resources from
their skin-covered kayaks. They suffered greatly from exploi-
tation at the hands of Russian traders who came to the islands
in the mid-18th century.

The Inuit are more familiarly called Eskimo ("those who
eat their food raw") They are big game hunters, preying
mostly on seal, walrus, caribou and polar bear. On land they
use dog sleds, while on water they use kayaks and umiaks.
Whenever they must, they still build igloos. The Inuit are
found throughout the Arctic, Alaska and Northern Canada.
Plans are underway to make a great portion of Northeastern
Canada (including Hudson Bay) a homeland for the Inuit.

The Dacific Coastal Trides

The Chinook live in Washington state. Their trade
jargon became the common language used throughout the
Northwest, and many interior tribes came to trade furs,
mountain-sheep horn and war captives for salmon, shells and
other goods. The words potlatch and hootch are derived from
their language. Incursions by the European trade companies
broke their trade monopoly by introducing diseases that
decimated the tribe.

The Haida live on Queen Charlotte Island off the coast
of British Columbia. Once hunters of whales and sea otters,
they traveled in huge canoes hollowed out of single enormous
cedar trees. Known for their totem poles, masks and decora-
tions on their wooden houses, contact with Europeans was
devastating to the Haida as they fell victim to smallpox and
venereal disease.


The Kwakiutl lived on Vancouver Island in large painted
houses decorated with carvings. Their elaborate totem poles
and masks are famous. The Kwakiutl fished and warred from
huge canoes that featured carved prow figures. They engaged
in potlatch feasts and waged war for both prestige and slaves.
They had many secret societies, such as the cannibal society.

The Lumniare a Salishan tribe of northwestern Washing-
ton. Salmon is their main food, and their ceremonies revolve
around salmon and fishing. Lumni women make fine baskets
and are renowned for their dog-hair blankets. The Lumni once
fought annual ceremonial battles with the Haida for the pur-
pose of capturing slaves. These encounters are still remembered
in a yearly warrior ceremony which includes canoe racing and
dancing. Their reservation is in Washington.

The Tlingit are the northernmost of the great coastal
tribes. They lived in large rectangular houses that were deco-
rated and painted. Like other coastal tribes, the Tlingit fished
in big dugout canoes, held potlatches and made war to capture
slaves and booty. Known as great carvers, they produce totem
poles, masks and ceremonial rattles. Tlingit women weave the
famous Chilkat blankets and fine multicolored baskets. Their
dress is highly decorative, and is often covered with images of
eagles and other animals. They live in Alaska.

The Tsimshian are culturally related to the Haida and
Kwakiutl. Artistic carvers and weavers of Chilkat blankets,
they also fish for salmon, halibut, cod and shellfish, and once
hunted whales. Their original home was in British Columbia.
In 1884, a Church of England clergyman persuaded them to
move to Alaska, where they are active in both the political
and economic life of the state.

Camps

Camps replace the designation of Court for Nunnehi
changelings. Because they are not a part of the Celtic-influ-
enced lifestyle of either the noble or commoner changelings,
Nunnehi fall outside the Seelie/Unseelie framework of main-
stream changeling society. The terms Seelie and Unseelie are
simply not relevant for Native-American changelings. In-
stead, Nunnehi belong to either the Winter (or Rock), Summer
(or Dogwood) or Midseason (or Laurel) Camps.

Knowing the customs and practices of a Nunnehi's tribe
can be very important in determining which Camp she is
currently espousing. Unlike other changelings, it is possible
to determine whether a Nunnehi is a Winter person, Summer
person or Midseason person by examining her clothing,
accessories and expression. Nunnehi are not given to hiding
what they feel. Indeed, it is even possible to guess at a
Nunnehi's Camp if her membership in a secret society is
known. Those who are active in war bands tend to be Winter
people. Summer people tend to join societies that promote
healing such as the Bear Healers and False Face Society, while
Tricksters may embrace the Raven Feather or Coyote Society

when actively in that camp. When they shift camps, they
become less active in their respective groups.

Ifa Nunnehi is in her Winter aspect, she will be dressed
in colors appropriate to warfare or mourning, paint her face
with warpaint or symbols of the wrong done to her and refuse
to smile or act in a warm manner. Anyone encountering a
Nunnehi in such fashion is deemed (by the Nunnehi) to have
had fair warning of her intentions. Should the Nunnehi be of
the Summer people, she will dress in colors or fancy garb
denoting gaiety or contentment. Her hair might be styled as
if she were attending a feast, and she will smile frequently and
gesture in a welcoming manner. Those who are in the
Midseason Camp might dress in either fashion (the better to
trick the unwary) or in a motley assortment of styles. Many
tricksters wear masks, while some simply have a raven's
feather somewhere on their persons.

Winter people tend toward angry or destructive actions;
they are prone to seek vengeance when wronged, and are
thought to steal children. While some Nunnehi almost always
remain Winter people, it is more usual for those who have been
recently angered or insulted to adopt their Winter aspect. This
may last only so long as it takes the Nunnehi to take revenge,
ormay be amore lasting condition ifthe wrong which prompted
the change is ongoing. It is sometimes possible, but very rare, for
a Winter person to be so touched by something (an impassioned
plea or gesture of love, faith, friendship or bravery) that she
immediately changes over from Winter to Summer. Such a
change is never done publicly, however. Instead, the Nunnehi
retreats and undergoes a purifying ritual to assist the change.

Summer people are caretakers and often aid humans in
distress or need. The more peaceful Nunnehi seem to be almost
constantly in their Summer aspects, but even the more warlike
ones cannot always be angry. Those who usually adopt the
Winter Camp often change to Summer for at least a part of the
year, lest they become so hard-hearted and frozen that they lose
their faerie selves. Whenever a Nunnehi changes to her Sum-
mer aspect, she performs a purifying or cleansing ritual (such as
going to water or to asweat lodge) to signify that any foolishness
or bitterness she may have harbored has been forgotten.

Midseason people are mischievous tricksters whose pranks
are usually harmless. It is difficult for those in this Camp to take
anything very seriously. This is not to say that they will not help
others, just that the price for such help could make the one in
need of assistance look like a fool. Midseason people might also

unwittingly cause problems for those around them who take

things more seriously — all with the best of intentions. Most of
those who are in the Midseason Camp are in transit from either
the Summer or Winter Camps. Only the most irresponsible
Nunnehi can act the fool and the trickster all the time.

It is possible for Nunnehi to switch from one Camp to
another, just as changelings can change Courts from Seelie to
Unseelie and vice versa. Association with the Midseason, or
Laurel, Camp is usually transitory. A Winter Nunnehi's anger
will usually devolve into harmless pranks before dissipating as


the Summer nature assumes prominence. In a similar fashion,
aSummer Nunnehi will begin indulging in minor pranks as her
compassionate tendencies decrease and her Winter nature rises

to control her personality.

Seeming

Nunnehi have the same three age-related seemings as
other changelings, but they refer to childlings as "younglings,"
wilders as "braves" and grumps as "elders." Their perspective
on aging is not remotely the same as most changelings.

Younglings are seen as treasures of the Nation. They are
cherished and guarded by all older Nunnehi regardless of the
elder changeling's current Camp. Since there may be no
actual family connection, all younglings are "adopted" by the
whole Nation and placed under the care of special guardians.
These become their aunt and uncle because many of the
tribes from whom the Nunnehi sprang are matrilineal, mean-
ing that the closest relations are considered to be the child's
mother, and her mother's brothers and sisters. The aunt and
uncle are responsible for educating the youngling, teaching
her the ways of her people and presenting her before the
council when she has matured enough to be accorded a full
place in the tribe. Younglings are considered to all be
Midseason people until they become braves.

Braves are the young adults of the tribe. They have
passed their youngling years and are now accorded both

respect anda vote in tribal matters. They are usually the most
active members, forming war parties, harvesting Medicine,
performing most of the work necessary to keep the Nation
together, raising the younglings and learning what they want
to do with their lives. Braves frequently switch from one
Camp to another in response to events, frustrations and
changing love affairs — sometimes within the space of
minutes. They are more volatile emotionally than either the
younglings, who have no real responsibilities, or the elders,
who have learned to take a longer view of changing circum-
stances. Braves are respected for their strength and creativity.
Elders are Nunnehi who have lived beyond the bloom of
their youth. Though many are still strong and virile, they are
respected more for their knowledge and wisdom than their
strength and fervor. Elders fill most of the chief, medicine man,
lorekeeper and wise woman positions within their tribes by right
of long experience and accumulated power. They are deferred to,
asked for advice and accorded an almost reverent respect by the
younger members of the tribe. Since many elders are beginning to
succumb to Banality, braves of the tribe often infuse elders with
their own Glamour so as not to lose the wisdom they embody.
For each change, Nunnehi are given special tribal names
by which they are called. When a Nunnehi youngling first
manifests, she is given asilly, demeaning name suchas Pug Nose
or Bent Ears. This is thought to shelter the youngling from
jealous spirits. On becoming a brave, the youngling's old name
is taken from her, and she is given a name she has either earned

Chapter Three: The Nunnehi Ill


or which suits her temperament. Such names might be Red
Spear, Hunts Well or Watching Spider. Finally, when the
Nunnehi becomes an elder, she chooses a name for herself. This
name might reflect her personality, honor her totem or call
upon some powerful aspect that she wishes to incorporate into
her life. Thus an elder might name herself Quarreling Hen,
Rain on the Meadow, Raven's Laughter or Tall Rock. As each
new name is taken, the other is symbolically cast away from its
former owner so that any curses or bad luck associated with it
will not follow the Nunnehi into the next phase of her life.

‘The Nunnehi
Lamnihies

At the bend in the road are the hills

the Holder Up of the Heavens dropped

on the Stone Giants

& I remember

that this is a land

which has been bright with magic

— Joseph Bruchac, "Three Poems for the Indian Steel-
workers in a Bar Where I Used to Drink"

The Nunnehi Families are arranged according to geo-
graphic location as they have been shaped by the dreams and
stories shared by many tribes ina specific area. The Nunnehi are

The Changeling Diayers Guide

often regarded as a mixed blessing by their tribes, because they
may use their powers to harm as easily as to help. Whether
harmful or helpful, many Nunnehi have frightening aspects to
their characters as a means of engendering respect. While the
natives might prefer those Nunnehi who are usually helpful,
they show both caution and respect to all of them.

Legacies

All Nunnehi must choose both a Summer and a Winter

Legacy. An individual who belongs to the Summer Camp follows
her Summer Legacy, while a member of the Winter Camp allows
her Winter Legacy to dominate her personality. If a Nunnehi
character changes from a Summer person to a Winter person or
vice versa during the course of a story, the Storyteller needs to be
made aware of the transformation, and the player must be sure
that the character's actions fit her new Camp. Occasionally,
changes from one Camp to another may occur instantaneously in
response to overwhelming circumstances, but most often the
change will be gradual, and the character will go through a period
of transition in which she becomes a Midseason person.

Listed after each Legacy's description are the Vision and
Taboo of that Legacy. The Vision details the way for that
Legacy to regain lost Willpower points. The Taboo is in-
tended as a guide to roleplaying and is not a hard and fast rule.


SSS
LULA

@

UMMER (Coguiood)
egacies

Chief

You were born to be a leader among your people, and it
is your destiny to provide direction for those around you. You
see more clearly the proper path to take toward any goal, and
you have the temperament to encourage others to follow you.
You are decisive in your actions, reasoned in your judgment
and capable of distinguishing between acceptable risks and
foolhardy behavior. You pattern yourself after the eagle and
the wolf, both leaders of their kind.

Vision: You regain Willpower whenever you convince
others to follow a course of action you have decided upon, or
when you exercise your leadership in a significant manner.

Taboo: Never blindly follow another's lead.

Grouier

Like the farmer who plants a seed and tends it faithfully
throughout the seasons until it is ripe for the harvest, you take
the long, slow view of things. You know that all things take time
to reach fruition, and you try to follow the natural rhythms in
everything you do. Once you begin a course of action, you see
it through to its finish. You give your friends and allies the same
care and attention that you would a seedling, for you recognize
that all things — and all people — grow and change. You
pattern yourself after the corn in the fields, realizing that you,
too, are part of a great cycle of growth and decay.

Vision: Regain Willpower whenever you see a course of
action through from beginning to end, or when you encour-
age the growth of someone or something.

Taboo: Never start anything you cannot finish.

Reater

You see instinctively the sickness and the pain that lies
within the flawed creatures of the mortal world, and you try to
do what you can to heal their suffering. You believe that most
of the ills of the world are caused by wounds to the spirit, and
that it is far better to heal your enemy than to do him harm. You
are not above using drastic measures to cure what is wrong with
someone, knowing that sometimes a wound must be cauterized
in order to cleanse it. You pattern yourself after the she-bear,
who nurtures her cubs with strength and tolerance.

Vision: Whenever you successfully treat a wound or
disease of the body or spirit, you regain Willpower.

Taboo: Never ignore the pain of others.

Duncer

You divide the world into those who hunt and those who are
hunted, and youare one of the predators. Life itself isa continuous
hunt — for food, for knowledge and for meaning. You are at your

*

best when you can act as a provider, using your prowess to track
down and attain your goal, whatever it may be. You always follow
the law of the hunter, making certain that your quarry is worth
pursuing and never wasting your energy on useless targets. You
pattern yourself after the mountain lion and the hawk, taking
only what you need to ensure the survival of your people.

Vision: You regain Willpower whenever you complete a
successful "hunt," whether for food or for some less tangible goal.

Taboo: Never willingly put yourself in the position of
being the one who is hunted.

CDaker

You take pride in your ability to fashion something useful
from natural objects. You are a shaper of new forms, a crafter who
tries to improve on the world around you. Unless you are busy
doing something that produces tangible results, you are unhappy
and unfulfilled. You enjoy creating, whether you are building a
place to live or making a toy forachild. You see decision-making
as an act of creation, taking ideas and forming them into courses
of action. You pattern yourself after the ant and the beaver, who
spend their lives building structures that will outlast them.

Vision: Regain Willpower whenever you use your skills
to make something useful or lasting for those around you.

Taboo: Never act as if a situation cannot be improved
through the application of hands and will.

Scout

Youhave the spirit ofan explorer, and youare only truly content
when youare blazinga path into new territories, either in the physical
world or in the world of thought and feeling. It is your duty to be the
first to confront the unknown and to bring back the knowledge you
gain to those who depend on your skills. You take risks so that others
do not have to, but you also enjoy the thrill of putting yourself in the
way of possible danger. At the same time, you know when it is best
to act as an observer, and you have learned to move quietly when it
isnecessary. You pattern yourself after the snake and the fox, whorely
on both silence and swiftness for their survival.

Vision: You regain Willpower whenever you success-
fully explore new territory or bring back important information
to your companions.

Taboo: Never pass by an opportunity to be the first to
discover something new.

Spiricguide

You are in touch with the spirit world as much as with the
world of the flesh. You are a shaman at heart, ifnot in fact, and you

sense the life-force within everything around you. Life isa spiritual
journey from birth to death, and it is your task to provide guidance
for those who are uncertain about how to make that journey. You
know that your own spirit needs guidance, and you frequently
walk the paths of the spirit world in search of answers to the many
questions you have. You pattern yourself after the wind, which
travels freely throughout the Upper, Middle and Lower Worlds.

Chapcer Three: The Nunnehi 113


Vision: Anytime you complete a personal vision quest
or serve as the impetus for another's spiritual growth, you
regain Willpower.

Taboo: Never ignore messages from the spirit world or
knowingly insult a spirit creature.

Scoruceller

The world is full of stories and someone must tell them. You
are the witness to the story that is your life as well as the stories
of those around you. You collect tales and use them as guides to
your actions. When you advise others, it is usually in the form of
a story. Gathering and disseminating knowledge is your way of
opening up the story that is you to include all that you experience
and everyone with whom you come in contact. In part, your way
of looking at things shelters you from many of the world's harsh
realities, but it also gives you a perspective many others do not
have. You see everything as part of a saga which has a beginning,
a middle and — someday — an end. You pattern yourself after
the earth, whose stones contain the story of the world.

Vision: You regain Willpower whenever you learn a
new story, or use a tale that you know to significantly aid your
companions.

Taboo: Never hoard your knowledge.

(Uarrior

You see life as a battle to be won, and you are prepared to
fight for what you value. You respect strength and courage, and
you realize the wisdom in knowing when to attack and when to
defend. You are always ready to test yourself in friendly compe-
tition and in deadly conflict. Others rely on you for protection,
and you will not let them down. You pattern yourself after the
badger, whose tenacity in battle is legendary.

Vision: Regain Willpower whenever you emerge victo-
rious from single combat, or when your fighting prowess
significantly turns the tide of battle.

Taboo: Never retreat from fair battle; never give in to fear.

CUise One

You are a thinker and a teacher. The world is full of
wisdom, and there is something you can learn from every
creature you meet. You are sometimes accused of being lazy,
but you are far from inactive even when you appear to be
doing nothing. You find that many things can be learned from
sitting still and listening to what is going on around you.
Others come to you for guidance and counsel, and you are
more than willing to share what you have learned with them.
You pattern yourself after the spider, who sits patiently in the
center of her complex web and lets the world come to her.

Vision: Regain Willpower whenever someone follows
your advice and benefits from it.

Taboo: Never turn down an honest request for help or
counsel.

Cannidal

You are a ravenous creature, consumed with a hunger that
cannot be satisfied. Your needs and desires come first, and there
is nothing you will not do to achieve them. No course of
activity, however bestial or abhorrent it may seem to others, is
too heinous for you to follow so long as you gain something from
it. Like the ancient people who believed that eating the flesh of
their enemies gave them the knowledge and skill of those they
defeated, you devour everything that comes your way, leaving
nothing useful behind. You pattern yourself after the fishes who
sustain themselves when necessary by feeding upon their young.

Vision: Regain Willpower whenever you gain the lion's
share of the spoils or benefit at the expense of others.

Taboo: Never restrict yourself.

ool

The world is a cruel joke, a meaningless prank begun for
the amusement of its creators. You cannot take anything
seriously, and neither can you abide those who try to find a
purpose in the passing of the seasons or the actions of the
creatures who inhabit the world. You poke fun at the high ideals
of those around you, and take pleasure in making others see the
emptiness at the center of things. You spend most of your time
seeking amusement and diversion, since there is no higher
purpose that requires sacrifice or hard work. You pattern
yourself after the mayfly, whose short life is filled to bursting
with frantic — and ultimately meaningless — activity.

Vision: You regain Willpower anytime you make some-
one see the pointlessness of any action or goal.

Taboo: Never take anything or anyone seriously.

|orked- Tongue

You have learned that honesty in words and actions is
not always the best course. It is far better to twist your speech

so that others hear what they want to hear than to tell people
the truth. You are a master of subtlety, and many people
believe that you speak from your heart. Although you are
ready to make promises, you are even readier to break them
when they become inconvenient. You pattern yourself after
water, which changes its shape to fit whatever contains it.

Vision: Regain Willpower whenever you lie convinc-
ingly to someone and get away with it.

Taboo: Never tell the truth when a lie or half-truth will
serve you better.

Noarder

You have determined that you will never lack for any-
thing. You amass great quantities of whatever you feel you
need — food, wealth, followers or Medicine. The idea of
sharing anything is foreign to you; let others provide for


themselves. You never know when there will be a shortage of
something essential for survival, and you will not risk being
caught empty-handed. You pattern yourself after the squirrel,
who spends his days gathering food against the hard times.

Vision: You regain Willpower whenever your hoarding
instinct pays off, especially when others are in need.

Taboo: Never willingly surrender anything you have
gained for yourself.

Ouccast

You have turned away from your own people and walk
your own path. You owe nothing to anyone and allow no one
to owe you anything. This is the way you prefer it. Although
you may cooperate with others for a time, you will never be
part of anything larger than yourself. The world begins and
ends with you. You pattern yourself after the lone wolf, cast
out from his pack and preferring to exist on his own.

Vision: Whenever you prove that you do not need
anyone or anything to survive, you regain Willpower.

Taboo: Never permanently associate yourself with any
group or individual.

Raider

You are the bringer of terror, the silent attacker, the
stealer of what you need or want. You enjoy fighting, so long
as you win. The weak and helpless are your prey; what they
have is yours if you are strong enough to take it. Why work,
when you can steal what you want? You pattern yourself after
the magpie, who takes whatever catches her eye.

Vision: Regain Willpower whenever you get something
without earning it or carry out a successful "raid."

Taboo: Never waste your time in "honest" effort.

Scalp- Taker

You have a violent streak that makes itself known by
your vindictiveness. If you have been wronged, you seek not
only to avenge yourself, but to do so in sucha way as to forever
mark the one who wronged you. You also have a passion for
collecting proof of your vengeance. Like the warriors who
once took the scalps of their victims as evidence of their kills,
you always come away from your actions with some physical
relic of your success. You pattern yourself after the lynx, who
toys with her victims before she kills them.

Vision: You regain Willpower whenever you succeed in
bringing back proof that you have accomplished your goal.

Taboo: Never fail to boast about your accomplishments.

Spoiler

You cannot abide the success of others. In order for you

to feel that youhave done anything, you must make someone
else feel that they have accomplished nothing. Humiliation
and ridicule are your favorite tools, and you will go out of your

way to belittle what others have done — especially when your
own achievements are threatened. You pattern yourself after
fire, which destroys what cannot stand up to it.

Vision: Whenever you make yourself look good at
someone else's expense, you gain Willpower.

Taboo: Never acknowledge the achievements of others.

"‘Troudlemaker

You cannot leave well enough alone. You are only content
when you are busily undermining the efforts of others or spread-
ing dissension among those around you. You enjoy feeding the
fire underneath the cooking pot and watching it boil over. Any
day that passes without an argument you have caused is a day that
has been wasted. You pattern yourself after the blue jay, whose
quarrelsome nature makes him a pest among the birds.

Vision: Regain Willpower whenever you turna peaceful
situation into chaos or cause dissension between formerly
agreeing parties.

Taboo: Never turn your back on an opportunity to
meddle.

CUicch

You have seen the power of the spirits, and you want it for
yourself. You are not afraid of dealing with dark and evil
inhabitants of the Lower World in order to better your position.
You covet the secrets of destruction, and seek knowledge that
most would consider forbidden. Any power you have, you use to
advance yourself, regardless of what it costs. You pattern yourself
after the owl, who commands the powers of darkness and silence.

Vision: Regain Willpower whenever you use your skills
or your Arts to enhance your personal power.

Taboo: Never do anything for anyone without exacting
a price.

())idseason (Laureil
Legacy

‘Trickster

Everything has a purpose, but sometimes that purpose is
taken much too seriously. Laughter is what spurs you, laugh-
ter at others and laughter at yourself. You cannot resist
making others look foolish or deflating those who have too
high an opinion of themselves. You see what you do as
important in helping those around you gain the proper
perspective on life. Nothing is so important that it cannot be
made fun of. You pattern yourself after the raven and the
coyote, who are the natural pranksters of the animal realm.

Vision: Regain Willpower whenever you keep others
from taking themselves too seriously, or when you transform
a solemn occasion into a farce.

Taboo: Never fail to find the humor in any situation.

Chapcer Three: The Nunnehi


(Rock [ishers)

The Algonquin tribes told stories about the may-
may-gway-shi, "little people" that dwelled in caves
behind waterfalls or in rock faces along the sea
shore. Notorious for their fondness for fresh fish,
the may-may-gway-shi would make daring raids
on the nets of nearby tribes, escaping pursuit
if spotted by disappearing — canoe and all
— into nearby rock or cliff faces, where
they could not be followed.

The may-may-gway-shi consider
themselves spirit brothers and sisters
of the tribes that once inhabited the
northeastern coastal areas of
America — the Abnaki, Maliseet,

Penobscot and other related
peoples. In hard times, these
Nunnehi used their power to fill
the fishing nets of their mortal
kin, in repayment for the fish
they availed themselves of in
more plentiful seasons.

Theirreputation forpossess-
ing strong Medicine sometimes
prompted mortal shamans to ex-
ert their own power to pass
through the rocks that protected
a may-may-gway-shi encamp-
ment. Those who were brave
and determined enough to suc-

ceed, and those who brought»,

gifts of tobacco or fresh fish, *
were rewarded for their cour-
agewithsmallstonesimbued
with Medicine.
Whileyounglingsand
braves are prone to daring
escapades such as raiding
nets, painting their hands
red and marking the rocks
near mortal dwellings, and
leading pursuers on fruitless

chases, the elders of the Family prefer to practice their artistic
skills, decorating the walls, and sometimes the exteriors, of
their cave-dwellings with intricate petroglyphs and picto-
graphic designs. They are also adept at sculpting and
shaping rock (either with or without tools).
All may-may-gway-shi learn swimming, boating
and fishing at an early age, and practice these skills
all their lives. Their society is patrilineal, like that
of their mortal kin, but they have adopted a
lessgender-oriented lifestyle in modern times
than their ancestors. They can be found in
the Middle World making a living as
fishermen, artists (sculptors or painters)
or raft and canoe guides.

Occasionally Dreamspeakers
or shamans from tribes who rec-
ognize the may-may-gway-shi
and remember the old tales will
still attempt to win power from
one of these native faeries, usu-
ally through proving themselves
in some fashion that gains the

approval of the individual.
Although the tribes of
the Abnaki Confederation
have largely left their native
lands and now live on res-
ervations in Maine or are
disseminated throughout
the general population,
some few may-may-
gway-shi can still be
found in encamp-
ments in their
ancestral lands. Oth-
ers dwell near their

mortal kin.


re

The Northeast

(Appearance:

May-may-gway-shi are short and agile. Both sexes have
long, flowing hair that they allow to fall into their faces, thus
giving them the epithet "hairy-faced." A fine, otterlike pelt
of water-resistant fur covers their arms and legs. They tend to
dress in the styles of their Algonquin-speaking mortal tribes.

Seemings:

© Youngling may-may-gway-shi are extremely dexter-
ous and mischievous, often straying from their camps or
settlements to play pranks on nearby humans.

¢ Braves of the may-may-gway-shi delight in cultivating
a "wild" appearance, allowing their long hair to grow in
careless abandon. They are wiry and athletic. They are the
ones most often credited with the fish-stealing raids attrib-
uted to their Family.

¢ Elder may-may-gway-shi still wear their hair long, but
ina more sedate style befitting their status. They rarely leave
their homes, but occupy themselves with their arts, which
include rock painting and sculpture.

Lifescyles:

The may-may-gway-shi prefer living near rocks and
water, drawing inspiration from the ebb and flow of the sea
tides or the constantly changing songs of stream and water-
fall. They make their homes, when they can, in caves or rock
crevices, either behind waterfalls, on the banks of rivers or

near rocky sea coasts.

AF finicu:

Scene

Birchrighzs:

¢ Door in the Rock — May-may-gway-shi possess an
understanding of the nature of stone; its apparent solidity is
no barrier to them. A single success on a Stamina + Athletics
(difficulty 7) allows them to penetrate the surface of a rock,
either passing through it to the other side or else, if the rock
forms the outside of a cavern, remaining within its hollow
interior. Alternatively, the may-may-gway-shi may extend a
hand, arm or leg through the rock, provided the stone isn't
thicker than the extruded part. Three successes allows them
topilota vehicle, such as. acanoe or motorcycle, through solid
rock. Anyone in or on such a vehicle goes through with the
may-may-gway-shi, unharmed by the experience.

@ Call the Swimmers — The may-may-gway-shi's fond-
ness for fish gives them the ability to summon those creatures
toa particular body of water. They often use this Birthright to
augment the food supply of their mortal tribes as well as to
indulge their own taste for seafood. Each success on a Ma-
nipulation + Animal Ken roll (difficulty 6) enables them to
summon a netful of fish typical to the region.

Ouclook

* Canotili — They are a part of their forests, just as
we are part of rock and river, or stone and sea.

¢ Inuas — They have powerful Medicine and use it
wisely. Anyone who can live where they do must be
respected.

© Kachinas — They are as flighty as the clouds
whose forms they imitate, but they mean well and are
loyal to their mortal kin.

@ Nanehi— They are great performers and honor the
old traditions, but they are fartoo concerned with how they
look. Flatter them, and they will do anything for you.

¢ Niimiizo'ho — Like us, they understand and
revere the power of stone, but they are almost as danger-
ous as the rock giants to those around them.

¢ Pu'gwis — Despite their ugliness, they too are
part of the Nunnehi Nations. They are distressing to be
around, though.

* Rock Giants — They are dangerous and all too
predictable in their rages. Walk gently when in their
lands, or be prepared to fight.

e Surems — They are strong and silent. This
sometimes makes them hard to understand.

¢ Tunghat — Their knowledge of animal ways
rivals our ability to command the creatures of the sea.
This much we have in common.

¢ Water Babies — They are useful as messengers to
the spirit world, but their reputation for stealing children
— true or not — reflects badly on all of us.

¢ Yunwi Amai'yine'hi— They are much like us in
their love of water, but we would not want to bring our
canoes too near to them when they are feeling playful.

¢ Yunwi Tsundsi — We have heard of their kindly
deeds; if only they were not so hard to find...

[-Railcies:

© Weakness of Will — May-may-gway-shi are unable to
resist indulging their appetite for fish and shellfish, and this
weakness is often used by their enemies or by unscrupulous mortals
wishing to steal their Medicine. Traps and ambushes, using
apparently unguarded catches of fresh fish or seaside clam-bakes
as lures, are too often successful in snaring a may-may-gway-shi
who happens to wander by at the wrong time. Whenever one of
these Nunnehi is confronted with an untended supply of fish or is
invited to share a seafood feast, she must spend a point of
Willpower to resist immediately casting aside any reservations she
may have and placing herself at the mercy of potential captors.

Cuoce:
"A rock is only as solid as it wants to be or as you fear it is.
Come with me, if you dare. I will show you the truth of my words."

Chapter Three: The Nunnehi


Among the Iroquois, rock giants are known as fearsome
predators who are rumored to be the children of the spirit
known as Cannibal. With their ravenous appetites and un-
predictable tempers, rock giants are both feared and highly
respected for their strength. Most legends of rock giants

feature them in the role of terrible foes, though a few tell of

kindly giants who befriend a worthy warrior and fight by her

side against all her enemies — even when mortally wounded

and certain to die. Such unswerving devotion is one of the

main positive sides to these enormous Nunnehi. Darker tales

speak of their rapacious plundering of all who live near their
homes and of their penchant for consuming human flesh.

Other tales of rock giants tell of the smaller ones' raids on

Iroquois camps, where they search through the ashes of the fires

for scraps of food and tobacco that

may have fallen

nearby. Though

mischievous,

these rock giant children (as the natives called them) are not
dangerous, and they willingly trade their healing powers for
tobacco or fresh meat.

Because they are kin to the Iroquois tribes who once
inhabited the Northeast, rock giants most often manifest among
the Mohawk and Seneca. Many rock giant braves have found
their mettle tested as steelworkers atop the highest skyscrapers in
Manhattan. Working without safety equipment gives them al-
most as big a high as a six-course dinner or a fistfight in an
alleyway. Their greatest dreams include winning worldwide
Toughman contests — especially the females. Since rock giants
come froma matrilineal society, the males —as rough as they are
— cannot even begin to holda candle to the granite resolve and
unbudging tenacity of the females, who are trained from birth to
be leaders of the Nation. This is not to say that males never assume
leadership positions, but they are always conscious that their
rulership depends on the consent and support of the females.

Rock giants were born to eat and fight; it's what they do best,

and they know it. They are very straightforward, being little

concerned with pleasantries and trivial chat. They speak

when they have something important to say, and prefer

others not to clutter the air around them with too many
unnecessary words either.

Rock giants live near their mortal kin, either in
the cities where they have been dispersed or on reser-
vationsnearmountainsand rocky outcroppings. Rumors

persist of a rock giant city high in the mountains where

ae" they hibernate during the winter months. It is said that

when spring comes, hikers and wilderness aficionados had
best beware lest they become the main course at the

rock giants' winter's end feast.
"ae

b&. Appearance:

Depending upon their current

aspect, Tr ck giants may appear as
huge (troll-sized), fearsome-look-
ing creatures who look as
though they are gigantic

humans encased in

flint coats.

Their


hair appears similar to cave formations like stalactites, their eyes are
pools of inky black, and they are covered from head to foot in what
looks like gray rocky armor. When they sit or curl in upon
themselves, they might be mistaken for large boulders. This is the
form they assume when threatened, angry or at war. In either guise,
they often carry flint hatchets or war clubs.

Seemings:

¢ Younglings are referred to by their elders as "pebbles."
They are extremely mischievous, though hardly ever threat-
ening. Younglings are small enough that they can appear as
either small boulders or largish, flat stones when the need
arises. When native camps are raided for food, it is usually the
hungry younglings who are to blame.

¢ Braves are usually the most dangerous rock giants.
Cursed with a voracious appetite for both food and destruc-
tion, braves resort to raids on enemy encampments (or nearby
apartment buildings) for food and tobacco. During such raids,
they hope to encounter defenders whom they can pound into
mincemeat as well. Always spoiling for a fight, when in their
Summer aspects, rock giant braves are treasured as fierce,
loyal warriors; under Winter's influence they become raven-
ing barbarian butchers who indulge in ritual cannibalism.

¢ Elders are more sedentary than the braves, making them
less dangerous because they get out less often. Age and experi-
ence have made elder rock giants crafty and more deliberate.
Where the braves go on raids, elders set up ambushes for unwary
hikers and mountain climbers (or urban gangs). When roused to
anger or truly hungry, however, elders can be even more fearsome
than braves because of their larger size and greater strength.
Elders appear more seamed and craggy than their younger kin.
When ruled by their Winter aspects, elders too indulge in
cannibalism, though their favorite food is white bear meat.

Lifeszyles:

Eating and fighting are the two main passions of rock
giants. The way to a rock giant's heart (and undying, sworn
friendship) is to invite him to a gluttonous feast followed by

several dozen boxing matches, bar fights and gang wars —
featuring the rock giant as the main contender. Once a rock
giant's friendship is won, he stays loyal forever.

Affinicy:

Nature

Birchrighzs:

¢ Flint Coat — All rock giants have skin that is like rock
armor. This gives them an extra Health Level (an extra Bruised
Level) against damage from weapons not made of stone (fire-
arms, wooden weapons, brawling attacks). Against stone
weapons of any sort (stone-headed war clubs, flint-tipped

Tv The Northeast

> (ieee ip eas: Sees:

© Canotili — These little sneaks are too hard to
catch and no good in a fight.

® Inuas — Who appointed them the keepers of
Nunnehi Medicine? A good pounding might make ‘ema
little less whiny.

© Kachinas — Clouds? They appear as clouds?

© May-may-gway-shi — These little guys are on to
something. We share an affinity for rock. But why they
eat those slimy fish is beyond me.

¢ Nanehi— A bunch of gallopers and yodelers who
pretend they know everything about the "old ways."

© Niimiizo'ho — Now these are our kind of people!
Let's have a party...and a fight!

© Pu'gwis — Yuck. Uply. Let's pound ‘em flat.

© Surems — Strong, but just yell or threaten, and
they turn into cream puffs.

© Tunghat — You might think they're wimpy, but
watch out. They can command the animals, and even we
can be overrun by a stampede.

* Water Babies — Wispy, wimpy and not worth the
trouble.

© Yunwi Amai'yine'hi— Yum, yum. Not too sour,
not too sweet, Good with watercress.

¢ Yunwi Tsundsi — These Nunnehi have good
heads on their shoulders. Now if you could ever find one
when you need him....

arrows, hurled stones, etc.), their armoring protects them
completely. No weapon made of stone can harm a rock giant.

¢ Prowess — All braves gain one extra dot of Strength,
even if this raises them above five. Elders gain an additional dot
(for two total). No rock giant can botch a roll on Brawl or
Intmidation.

[-Railcies:

¢ Hothead — Whenever their bravery or prowess is called
into question, rock giants immediately assume their Winter
aspect. They cannot resist a battle when such a change occurs,
even if the one who insulted them apologizes or tries to run. The
rock giant will follow such a person to the ends of the earth, if
necessary, to prove his strength and fighting ability. In such a
case, at least one blow must be struck by the rock giant against
the one who insulted him or a designated champion. Until
given the chance to avenge himself in this fashion, the rock
giant can think of nothing else. All his actions are dedicated to
facing off against the one who denigrated him.

Cuoce:

"Welcome to my home. Let us fight, then feast...on you."


Among the most helpful faeries of the Cherokee and
other Southeastern tribes were the "people who live
anywhere," otherwise knownas the nanehi. This is the
Family of native faeries which
has givena form of its name to aw

ow

J

the Nunnehi Nations.

Above all, nahehi are
traditionalists who value the

_ —-

customs and songs of their mor-

tal ancestors as well as the ones
taught them by the spirits of the Higher ff
Hunting Grounds. They enjoy collecting
and performing songs, stories and dances,
and preserve the old ways of their mortal

a

kin, even in the face of strong pressure to
modernize.

Nanehi once made their homes in the
mountainous regions of the Appalachian
range, sometimes living within the moun-
tains themselves, protecting their dwellings
with adeptly concealed cave entrances. Oth-
ers were said to live beneath lakes and rivers
in underground caverns and cave systems.

The nanehi feel a special closeness to
their mortal kin and, by extension, to all
Native Americans. They often go out of their
way to help humans in distress, assisting indi-
viduals to safety who are lost in the woods or
tending to the sick and the wounded, particu-
larly if they are stricken in isolated areas. Unlike
many other Nunnehi, nanehi will sometimes
bring mortals (either friends or lovers) into their
enchanted dwelling places, although they will
threaten to curse those individuals if they betray
their knowledge of the nanehi's existence to other
humans.

The nanehi were instrumental in helping some
of their mortal kin escape forced removal in the 1830s
by hiding them in their freeholds until it was safe for
them to leave. Some Cherokee living in North Caro-

lina remember the aid given their ancestors by the
nanehi, and go out of their way to locate and thank
their benefactors (or their descendants).

Modern nanehi often dwell in townships popu-
lated by both mortal and nanehi residents, although
some live exclusively among their own Family. The
greatest concentration of nanehi can be found in
Oklahoma and western North Carolina, where the

Western and Eastern Bands of the
Cherokee maintain their reserva-
tions. Their interest in preserving
the old ways of all native peoples
gives them a love for traveling.
They make the rounds of Na-
tive American cultural events
and visit the dwelling places of
other Families of the Nunnehi Na-
tions.

Long ago, it was believed that the
nanehi were able to travel in the Lower World
and served as guides for the spirits of the dead,
enabling them to pass beyond the Middle World
and preventing them from remaining behind
as hungry ghosts. This ability, however, has
been lost to them along with their connec-
tion to the Higher Hunting Grounds. Still,
they are more likely to learn the Art of
Spirit Link than some other Families,

such as the rock giants.

Nanehi are concerned with their
physical appearance, often to the point of
seeming overly vain to other native faeries.
In this, they are not unlike the sidhe.

(\ppearance:

The nanehi are idealized versions of
the tribes of their mortal kin, with lustrous
dark hair and striking faces. They usually
dress in traditional clothing and seem some-
what anachronistic in the modern world.


¢ Youngling nanehi are dark-eyed waifs with ready
smiles and endearing personalities. They have an impish
streak that their innocent demeanors cannot entirely conceal.

¢ Braves of the nanehi are often indistinguishable in
appearance from their mortal kin, although they often wear
pieces of traditional clothing or jewelry in combination with
modern dress. They are inveterate travelers, frequenting the
powwow circuits and craft fairs where they display their skills
in song, dance or crafts.

¢ Elders of the nanehi are more sedentary, though they
too will travel when necessary. They frequently maintain
relations with elders from their mortal tribes, and are often
found urging their mortal kin to resist assimilation and loss of
their cultural identity. They tend to make themselves look
even older than their years when doing so will impress others
with their age and wisdom.

Lifescyles:

Nanehi usually maintain permanent dwellings near their
mortal kin, but also travel from place to place, participating
in cultural events and trading stories and customs with other
members of the Nunnehi Nations. A very few live in cities,
but spend a lot of time in wild places such as wilderness areas
or national parks.

AfFinicy:

Fae

Birchrighcs:

© Shape the Body — Nanehi have the ability to alter
their size and appearance, changing their stature from very
small (two feet or less) to normal human size, enhancing or
lowering their Appearance by 1, or making themselves look
younger or older than their actual age.

© Voice of Beauty — Nanehi are gifted performers and
excel at singing, dancing, storytelling or music-making. All
nanehi add one die to all rolls involving performances. In
addition, one automatic success is gained if the performance
features traditional songs, dances or stories.

| railzies:

® Face in the Water — The inherent vanity of nanehi
makes them susceptible to flattery, giving them a + 1 diffi-
culty to resistance rolls versus Manipulation-based skills. In
addition, nanehi suffer - 1 dice to all their rolls when their

Ouclook

* Canotili— They may be better hunters than we,
but we can sing better songs of the hunt.

¢ Inuas — We enjoy meeting these cousins at
festivals, for their songs and stories are very different from
ours.

* Kachinas — They too are keepers of the tradi-
tions. They should not envy our greater skill at
performance, but rejoice that we are helping keep all
native customs alive.

© May-may-gway-shi — Offer them fish, and they
will sing and dance for you for hours. Thankfully, they
have not forgotten the old ways.

© Niimiizo'ho — They have powerful Medicine,
but we do not want to approach them when they are
angry or upset.

¢ Pu'gwis — How can they stand to be so hideous?
They must have offended all the spirits to be cursed with
such a foul form!

* Rock Giants — Beware of their hunger and their
tempers. Learning their songs and stories sometimes
carries too big a price.

© Surems — Their stories are told in whispers, and
you must have good ears to hear their wisdom.

¢ Tunghat — They are proud of their animal
mastery, but it would be far better if they could control
themselves.

© Water Babies — There must be some kernel of
truth behind their reputation for stealing children. They
are not to be trusted.

© Yunwi Amai'yine'hi — They share our forests
and rivers, but unlike us, they are not so able to adapt to
the changes around them. We must help them if we can.

* Yunwi Tsundsi - Like us, they enjoy mortal
company and they cherish the children. For that, they
deserve a song of praise.

appearance is adversely affected (i.e., ifthey are covered with
mud or suffer some facial disfigurement) or insulted.

Choce:

"T have a new song that I learned at the Kituwah
Festival in North Carolina. Let me sing it for you, and then
you can tell me one of your stories. I have plenty of time."


_. N

Nas
ZS,

Cherokee legends speak of beings known as the yunwi
amai'yine'hi ("people of the water") who dwell in rivers and lakes.
The native tribes living near the great river systems of the
Southeast sometimes prayed to these spirits for help in fishing.
Stories of fishermen being rescued from danger by friendly water
creatures come from encounters with these native faeries.

Like pooka and selkies, the yunwi amai'yine'hi enjoy an
affinity with the animal world and can change shape to assume
the form of aquatic or amphibious creatures such as fish, otters,
frogs or waterfowl. Their faerie selves reflect their particular
affinity to some degree.

The yunwi amai'yine'hi tend to stay near rivers or lakes,
dwelling in hidden encampmentsalongriverbanksorby theside
ofamountain lake. They are fond of fishing, boating and other
activities which keep them near their beloved element.
These faeries have suffered greatly from the ravages of the
tourist industry, which has resulted in the large-scale
damming ofnatural rivers to create "recreational lakes" i

devoid of Medicine and surrounded by man-

made attractions. Many of their ancie: it
freeholds have been buried under tons of
water by the dams of the TVA as part of
that organization's hydroelectric op-
erations. Thus, although they still PD
have good relations with mem-
bers of their mortal tribes, the
yunwi amai'yine'hi bear no love |
for non-natives, seeing them as

+

bringers of sadness and destroyers
of the natural world. Occasionally
one of the water people will forma
lasting relationship with a non-
native (mortal orchangeling) who is
willing to forswear the shameful ac-

Pi

tionsofherpeople and learn the ways
of the natural world (particularly
the ways of rivers and lakes).

Despite their sorrow at
seeing their beloved rivers
tamed and controlled by —
the white invaders, the
yunwi amai'yine'hi retain a

122 The Changeling

am

The Southeast
a

(WUacerDeopte)

strong "trickster" streak that allows them to channel their
anger at their disappearing world into pranks against the
unwary humans who violate their lands. Younglings and
braves are adept at harrying wilderness tourists and recre-
ational whitewater enthusiasts, tipping over their canoes or
changing into animal form and leaping over their boats.
Although many other Nunnehi see their actions as ex-
amples of irresponsible behavior, the yunwiamai'yine'hi know
the bitter truth that lies behind their ability to make
outsiders look like fools. Occasionally, these pranks can
prove dangerous to their victims. Depending on her
‘ mood (or Camp), the yunwi amai'yine'hi prankster will
either take pity on her victim and come to his rescue, or
else will let nature take its course, allowing the victim to
"sink or swim" on his own.

The yunwi amai'yine'hi try to keep alive the traditions of
their mortal tribes as well as those of other related tribes; thus
they combine cultural elements of Cherokee, Chickasaw,
Creek and other, smaller tribes that once lived near the rivers

! of the Tennessee and Ohio Valleys. Although many of their

» .& mortal cousins now live in Oklahoma, a land not noted for its

wealth of rivers, the yunwi amai'yine'hi have tried to remain
in their ancestral lands. This separation from their mortal
© tribeshascost them dearly, and they are in danger of disappear-
~ — ing. Because of this, the Family's elders have begun seeking
guidance from the spirit world as to whether or not they
should consider finding mortal hosts for succeeding genera-
tionsamong worthy non-natives. Some have already sought
"to prepare the way for "adoption" into other mortal tribes.

_ Appearance:

The yunwi amai'yine'hi are slender and agile, with

large eyes that reflect the many colors of the water they love so
dearly. Their bodies are covered with a fine coating of fur or
nearly invisible scales (depending on their animal attunement),
and their hair is dark and flowing. In their true form, these faeries,
like pooka, evince some physical traits of their chosen animal —
webbed hands and feet for fish or amphibians, whiskers for otters
and feathers for water birds. Their mortal guise is almost indistin-
guishable from normal members of their affiliated tribes, those of
Southeastern America. Although they prefer traditional native

f

7,

——

ot


The Southeast

dress for formal occasions, they usually wear clothing that is easily
removed or that does not hinder their movement in the water.

Seemings:

¢ Younglings of the yunwi amai'yine'hi are rambunc-
tious and precocious, excellent swimmers who enjoy spending
most of their time in the water — either in human or animal
form. They havea hard time distinguishing between harmless
pranks and those that put their victims in real danger, such as
upsetting the boats of passing canoers or whitewater rafters.

¢ Braves consider themselves to be the caretakers of rivers and
streams, and protectors of the wildlife that flourishes in and around
their chosen waters. They frequently interact with humans, either
as helpers or guides, or as bringers of swift vengeance to those who
despoil the waters of their lands. They are fond of spending long
periods of time in the form of their chosen animal, learning its ways
and thus gaining respect from its totem spirit.

¢ Elders tend to be less outgoing, spending much of their
time near the water, contemplating the wisdom in its constant
movement and listening to its songs of power. Their experience
and knowledge makes them the true guardians of their chosen
waterways, despite the claims of the younger generations.

Lifescyles:

The yunwi amai'yine'hi live in encampments alongside
swift-moving rivers or secluded lakes. Like their cousins, the may-
may-gway-shi, they are excellent boaters and fishers and spend
much of their time in these pursuits. They tend to steer clear of
human settlements, except for those of their mortal tribes.

AfFinicu:

Nature

Birchrighcs:

¢ Shape of the Swimmer — Each yunwi amai'yine'hi has an
attunement to a particular form of water creature and may take
the form of that creature at will, provided no mortal witnesses are
present. (Other yunwi amai'yine'hi or animals may watch the
transformation.) It costs one point of Medicine to assume animal
form, but reverting to mortal or faerie form costs nothing. The
shape change is a true one, giving the yunwi amai'yine'hi all the
physical abilities of the animal form taken, enabling individuals
in fish form to breathe in water or those in bird form to fly.

° Stir the Waters — These faeries are able to control the
waters in their area, causing sudden whirlpools to spring up in
a calm lake or temporarily stilling a dangerous patch of
whitewater. To doso, the yunwiamai'yine'hi must roll Manipu-
lation + Occult (or Spirit Lore). Three successes or more allows
the character to create the desired phenomenon, while fewer
successes gives only an approximation of the effect intended. A
botch results in the opposite of what was intended, such as
increasing the fury of a stream or causing still water to become
temporarily rigid, as if frozen. The effects last for one scene.

Ouclook

* Canotili — They are right to test the mettle of
intruders in their lands. They too have much to lose from
ys of the invader.

© Inuas — Fellow water-lovers, they too are close
to their animal brothers and sisters. Perhaps one day we
can brave the cold and pay them a visit.

© Kachinas — They are fortunate. There will always
be clouds in the sky, but one day our rivers may dry up
entirely. Perhaps they will teach us the ways of the air.

¢ May-may-gway-shi — We share many common
interests, but we could teach thema thing or two about tricks.

© Nanehi— They are great collectors of songs and
stories. Perhaps we can sing our water songs for them so
that the music of the rivers will not be lost if we are gone.

© Niimiizo'ho— How sad to be so big and ungainly
and to know only the hardness of rock. Can they swim,
or do they sink in the water like the stones they shape?

* Pu'gwis — Did they anger the spirits to make
them so ugly? Perhaps that is the only way they can
survive. Someday, maybe we will ask them.

© Rock Giants — We may resent the mortals who
have taken our lands and changed the courses of our rivers,
but we would never go so far as to make a meal of them.
They should learn to release their anger more gently.

© Surems—I wonderifthey consider the laughter ofthe
tiverand the thunderof the waterfall too noisy for their liking?

* Tunghat — How can they be masters of animals when
they cannot truly know the feeling of having wings, feathers orfur?

¢ Water Babies — If they do steal mortal children,
maybe it is to teach those young ones proper respect for the
world around them. Weshould not judge them too harshly.

® Yunwi Tsundsi — They are our cousins, but we
differ in our regard for those who have intruded upon our
lands. They are more willing to forgive than we are,
although they sometimes rival us in their pranks.

Lrailcies:

® Snare of the Hunter — Whenever a yunwi amai'yine'hi is
in animal form and becomes the prey of a human hunter or fisher,
she must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) to avoid surrendering
to an animal-like panic which prevents her from reverting to her
natural form or using her Arts to escape or elude her pursuer. If she
fails, she will be unable to do anything except flee in terror, relying
only on her animal abilities to get away. If she manages to find a
temporary place of safety, she may try again to regain her compo-
sure, spending a point of Willpower to assume her true form so that
the person hunting her loses track of his quarry.

Choce:

"You claim you are a good swimmer. Let us see which of
us can stay longer under the water..."

Chapter Three: The Nunnehi


(LiccteDeopte)

KZ,

The yunwi tsundsi ("little people") figure largely in
Cherokee mythlore. Seen as both invisible helpers and hid-
den pranksters, they are respected by the tribes of the Southeast
as agents of the spirit world and watchers of mortal behavior.

The yunwi tsundsi are gregarious by nature, and, al-
though they do not make their homes in large human
settlements, they are frequent visitors to cities and towns, and
are especially fond of people who have chosen a lifestyle of
rural isolation. Often they attach themselves to a particular
family, becoming self-appointed unseen helpers who leave
loaves of fresh-baked bread, fine clay pots or delicate beadwork
belts and pouches on the doorsteps of their adopted homes.
They are notoriously quick to anger when slighted, however,
and repay even unintentional unkindness or thoughtless
behavior by playing mischievous or even malevolent pranks
on their offenders.

The yunwi tsundsi have a genuine fondness for children,
however, and usually forgive their slights because they realize
that mortal children are not as well taught as their own
younglings. Many of these faeries make themselves known to
human children (although they hide from adults) and try to
teach them proper manners and respect for their elders.
(These children are often thought by their parents to have
"invisible playmates.") They see themselves as protectors of
children, and will avenge those who harm them.

These Nunnehi are industrious and excel at many crafts.
Often braves will travel to local fairs and powwows to display
the handiwork of their Family and learn new skills from other
tribes. Thus they serve as disseminators of native culture as
well as preservers of dying arts.

For the most part, the yunwi tsundsi can be found in the
Southeastern United States and in Oklahoma, where many
of their ancestral tribes were relocated in the 1830s. Some few
have traveled to other parts of the country, however, where
they are able to adapt to new environments.

(Appearance:

The yunwi tsundsi rarely stand more than five feet tall, but
inall other aspects appear as normal humans. In their faerie form,
they are slender individuals, possessed of extreme beauty and

The Changeling Diayers Guide

mortals, they are short, with
somewhat coarserfeatures.
They dress in tra-
ditional ME
clothing of

the South-

eastern

tribes

or else

affect

modern

dress with a

few "native"
touches.

Seemings:

e Younglings
are somewhat pudgy, with
the promise of their physi-
cal beauty only hinted at in
their ready smiles and help-
ful dispositions. They tend
to stay close to the elders of
their Family, helping them
with chores and learning the
crafts of their people.

© Braves of the yunwi
tsundsi are fond of seeking
out human company and
seem to mix as freely with
non-natives as with mem-
bers of their mortal tribes.
Occasionally, however, they will §
pester those humans who offend
them or who demonstrate contempt
for the old ways.

e Elders consider themselves re-
sponsible for bringing up the younglings
so that they will continue to honor the
traditions of their Family and their
mortal tribes. They are the teachers of

aC

physical grace. They have a generally mirthful temperament. As
¢ ¢

1 124
anal —_——~
rt | a


crafts and counselors of the braves. Occasionally they still
enjoy contact with humans, but for the most part they remain
within their encampments. Although they do not age as
visibly as humans, their faces are often lined with wisdom.

Lifescyles:

The yunwi tsundsi dwell in townships carefully concealed
from mortal eyes. They practice many traditional crafts, such as
beadwork, weaving and pottery. They are industrious and
helpful, though usually secretive about their business.

Af finicy:

Prop

Birchrighzs:

© Out of Sight — The yunwi tsundsi are extremely good
at making themselves inconspicuous. Although they do not
actually become invisible, they gain an additional two dice to
all Stealth-related rolls. By spending a point of Willpower
they can induce mortals to look everywhere but where they
are, thus remaining "out of sight" of the human eye.

¢ Clever Hands — Like boggans, yunwi tsundsi are
adept crafters. All Crafts rolls are made at a - | difficulty, and
it is impossible for them to botch any roll involving making
items for use or adornment.

Lrailaies:

¢ Flame of Anger — Because they are so ready to help
other changelings and mortals, yunwi tsundsi are easily of-
fended if their help is slighted or if they are insulted by those
they have decided to aid. If rebuffed, these Nunnehi must make
a Willpower roll (difficulty 9) to avoid making the offending
individual the butt of a series of "accidents" meant to teach that
person a lesson. Broken dishes, smashed windows and punc-
tured tires are part of the yunwi tsundsi's retaliatory repertoire.
This grudge will last for an entire passage of the moon, or until
the victim of the yunwi tsundsi's anger makes an offering of food
or some other gift as an apology.

Cuoce:

"We are all meant to share the world with one another.
Why did you have to refuse my kindness?"

RSE
LUV RAL URE

* Canotili — They are wrong to avoid the society
of others. Alone, they will soon disappear.

° Inuas — They are powerful beings; we admire
their courage to dwell in such cold, inhospitable places.

* Kachinas — They understand that we must all
live together in order to bring back the old ways and the
road to the Higher Hunting Ground.

® May-may-gway-shi — Their paintings are won-
derful to behold, and their skill in the water is as great as
their appetite for fish. ©

* Nanehi— They are somewhat overly concerned
with their own importance, but no one can deny that
they are vital to preserving the old ways.

© Niimiizo'ho — Compared with them, our angry
behavior is as nothing. It is better not to offend these
enormous cousins in any way.

¢ Pu'gwis — It is too bad they are so unappealing.
Tt must cause them pain to have such a frightening
appearance,

* Rock Giants — These walking mountains are a
danger to everyone, even themselves.

¢ Surems — They are our best hope for reaching an
accord with mortals, but they spend too much time with
those who think as they do. They need to take their
message directly to those who need to hear it most.

¢ Tunghat — We must do something to keep our
cousins from disappearing. But what?

© Water Babies — If we ever discover that they are
causing harm to the children they steal, they will know
our displeasure.

© Yunwi Amai'yine'hi — Our water cousins are far
too concerned with mischief for mischief's sake.


Canotili (sometimes known as canotina) are native changelings of
the Midwest. They feel most at home in the grasslands and forests
prevalent there and have little tolerance for cities. Traditionalists by
nature, the canotili love the time-honored customsand trappings of their
tribes. In a time when the native tribes depended upon their hunting
skills for survival, canotili were honored as spirits who could bring luck
to the hunt and steady a bowman's aim. In return for their help, skilled
fletchers and bowmakers among the tribe spent long hours crafting small
bows and arrows for their "spirit friends." Canotili cherished these gifts

and used them in contests
where both the accuracy and
distance power ofthe bowsand the
straightness of the arrows were tested,
Those whose gifts found favor usu-
allydiscovered thattheyhadbeen
"blessed" by the
canotili.
The
canotili
were also
cred-

FS

ited with helping tohar- vest
tree-grown fruits and nuts. Many
tribes believed thatthe canotiliused
their agility and strength to climb to
}* the tops of trees and shake down the
choicest food for their tribespeople

to gather.

These diminu-
tive wilderness
dwellers still test
hunters today. Hid-
the

greenery of tree or
prairie they
stealthily follow (and
sometimes precede) lone

ing among
grass,
hunters and test their

worthiness by setting dead-
fall traps, scaring off game

al

ii.

(Tree Quellers)

SSSARS SS

and making mysterious noises in the underbrush. Hunters who
avoid the traps, find the trail again and bravely investigate the
ominous sounds are rewarded by the canotili's gifts of good luck.
Those of the canotili's human tribe who prove worthy will be
granted both good luck and the canotili's offer of assistance with
spiritual matters.

Not all aspects of the canotili are so positive, however.
Being rather solitary, canotili like their privacy. Humans (and
European changelings who knew no better) would often stray
into a section of woods that a canotili had claimed for her own.
If the canotili discovered the interlopers first, she would use her
guile and magics to lead the hapless intruders astray and dump
nuts, branches and old squirrels' nests down on them as they
moved through the ever-deepening woods.

Should the intruders surprise the canotili, however, truly
bad things would happen. A person coming face-to-face with an
unprepared canotili disturbs her and causes her to automatically
react with fright. Most people usually aren't quiet or clever
enough to sneak up on them! When acanotili is startled, her body
reacts by releasing a potent pheromone that causes those exposed
to it (except for the canotili) to flee in terror. Because many older
people died from this chemically-induced fright, legends arose
that seeing a canotili face-to-face meant that someone in the
person's family was doomed to die. This has had the effect of
making the canotili even less sociable than they once were.

(Appearance:

Canotili look much like slightly smaller versions of the
Plains or Great Lakes Indians. Each group favors the traditional
garb and styles of their respective tribes, whether Sioux, Crow
and Cheyenne, or Ojibwa, Winnebago or Blackfoot. Their
features are somewhat more elongated than those of their
human kin, with their fingers and toes seeming too long and
almost prehensile. Unless they take care to shield them, all
canotili have eyes that glow in the dark. Most canotili take great
pride in maintaining their traditions, and their clothes, accesso-
ties and weapons are always well-made and highly decorated.
Despite this sartorial splendor, canotili are able to blend into the
background, changing themselves and their clothing in a
chameleonlike fashion and becoming all but invisible when
they remain still.

Seemings:

* Younglings are so small and thin, and their fingers and
toes so long that they seem almost ratlike. These pixie gamins

wr

can disappear into the underbrush or tall grasses in a heartbeat
especially after they've pilfered some minor item from "the big
ones" as they call humans. Their love of bells, clinking orna-
ments, rattles and other noisy accessories prevents them from
being able to truly escape all notice as their elders can, however,
and they are often forced to flee the wrath of those they've
robbed, shrieking and running while shedding their noisemakers
to make their escape. Canotili younglings learn early to make
their own way through wilderness areas, and rarely band together
with others of their kind except to play. Despite their frail-
seeming appearance, even youngling Canotili possess better
than average Strength and Dexterity which they use for climbing
trees and drawing their greenwood bows.

* Braves are the movers and shakers of the canotili. They are
usually small enough to slip in and through areas that larger humans
couldn't hope to traverse. Further, having learned their lessons as
younglings, most braves have discarded noisy decorations in favor of
eye-catching beadwork or intricate embroidery. As the young adults of
thenation, braves feel obliged to show all other Nunnehithat their tribe
is the finest. They are never less than royally attired and carry only the
finest greenwood bows (strong bows stained green so as to blend into
the grasslands and forests). Each brave's arrows are personalized by a
particular color, design or fletching style. Braves are the canotili who
most often challenge hunters in the forest or insist on proving their skills
in tribal contests. Almost savagely independent, canotili braves meet
only tocompare theirskills, mate or defend their people against outside
threats. Their ability to climb trees and disappear ina flash serves them
well against enemies and rivals. Brave war bands are sometimes formed
to harry European changelings and other intruders in their lands.

¢ Elder canotili seem to revert to their childhoods, almost
losing touch with the real world entirely. They prefer to spend long
hours hidden in treesormeditatingin their homes. Once again, they
take up noisemakers and use them in their personal decoration, but
they also favor rattling windchimes, strings of dried beans and such
as outside adornments to their homes. Drums, whistles and rattles
are much in evidence inside, and it is a rare canotili elder who is
found withoutat least one such noisemaker in hand. They are much
sought after as spiritual advisors, being thought to have halfway
crossed over permanently into the spirit realm. Elder canotili have
been known to possess strong Medicine for healing and blessing.

Lifescyles:

The canotili prefer living in the forests and grasslands of
the Midwest. All seek to remain true to their tribe's traditions,
and canotili who are forced into cities either leave and make
their own way in the wilderness or waste away and die. They are
one of the Nunnehi Nations least able to adapt to modern life.

Af finicy:

Prop

Birchrighzs:

e Earth Blend — Canotili have an affinity for natural
places and an innate instinct for stealth. When remaining

still, canotili change color (including whatever they are
wearing or carrying) to blend in with the background against
which they are set, in much the same way chameleons do.
This is only effective in areas of natural plantlife such as
grasslands and forests. It doesn't work inside or when the
canotili stands near the plastic greenery of the local mall.

¢ Physical Enhancement — Because of their density
and agility, canotili start with an extra dot in both Strength
and Dexterity.

[-Rrailcies:

¢ Terror — When surprised or startled, canotili exude a
powerful pheromone that causes frightened panic in all non-
canotili. Such beings usually flee in terror, but some strike out
blindly at the cause of their fear. If canotili could control this
ability, it would be a potent weapon; since it occurs only when they
are surprised, however, it places them in the unenviable position
of either having people run from them, or leaving them open to one
complete attack before they can even begin to defend themselves.

Choce:

"If you are worthy, prove it. If not, you had best not
waste my time."

Ouclook

© Inuas — These wise brothers and sisters have great
Medicine. We would be wise to count them among our friends.

* Kachinas — They do not bother us, nor we them.
It is better that each should keep to his own.

© May-may-gway-shi — Let them keep to their
rocks and rivers. We want no part of them.

© Nanehi — They have the right idea in keeping
alive their traditions. We honor them for it. Let them not
forget that we too practice the ancient arts of our people.
They are not the only keepers.

* Niimiizo'ho — Too big, too noisy.

© Pu'gwis — Forest dwellers like ourselves, the
Pu'gwis have been cursed with ugliness. We do not know
if this reflects their inner spirits.

® Rock Giants — Too big, too hungry and too stupid.

¢ Surems— These cousins also know the art ofsilence.

© Tunghat — These so-called "Owners" of animals
should realize that having the power to call their animal
brethren to them doesn't give them the right to do so.
They deserve to be hunted themselves.

¢ Water Babies — Like the water they love, they
float dreamily along, little caring for their other kin.

¢ Yunwi Amai'yine'hi — They should stay in the
south where their antics will not disturb us.

® Yunwi Tsundsi — Good hiders and workers; we
admire them.

Chapcer Three: The Nunnehi


¥

ip

"af

iS

(Green Quwarves, Oumers)

Known to many of the tribes of the Plains, Plateau and
Basin, the tunghat are dwarflike Nunnehi who are the mas-
ters of animals. In either their changeling form or in animal
guise, these helpful beings can summon and command a type
of animal with whom they have formed a special bond. This
bond is formed when the tunghart is still a youngling, and is
dictated by the first wild animal the youngling sees after her
special naming ceremony. Common animals include deer,
rabbits, antelope, coyotes, birds, foxes and bears.

The tunghat consider themselves to be go-betweens
between the animal world and that of their human relations.
When there is need fora hunt, the tunghat is supposed to be
warned of an upcoming hunt by his tribe. They hold a special
ceremony honoring their hunters and the animals who are
about to be slain two nights before leaving on the hunt. Once
apprised of their intentions, the tunghat summons as many
animals as are within a half-day's travel and examines them.
Using his Spirit Link Medicine, the tunghat speaks with the
animals and determines which ones are old and infirm, slow
or unlikely to make it through the next winter. These are the
ones chosen to sacrifice themselves so that their human
"cousins" may live. The other animals are then dispersed and
warned to run far away since the hunters are coming.

The tunghat thanks each animal for its sacrifice and
commends their spirits to the Great Spirit who watches over
them all. He then places the animals in the path of the hunters,
arranging them so that the most worthy hunters (as shown by
their attendance at the ceremony, their skill and their willing-
ness toseek out cleverly hidden prey) will be the most successful.

If the hunters fail to warn the tunghat of an impending
hunt, however, the tunghat does whatever he can to scatter the
animals and prevent their unready spirits from being slaugh-
tered. He moves among the hunters, using his small stature and
concealing coloration to remain unnoticed. Each hunter he
can find is cursed by the tunghat. So potent are the curses of
tunghat against those who hunt without his knowledge and
permission, that the natives believe the tunghat shoots them
with invisible arrows that cause sickness and death. Tunghat
also curse greedy hunters who take more than they need.

In modern times, the tunghat have become increasingly
embittered by the failure of most hunters to acknowledge

their role in the life cycle. While some tribes do still hunt and
some still hold the ceremonies, fewer and fewer hunters
return every year. Of those who do come into the tunghats'
territories, most are weekend wilderness warriors armed with
high-powered rifles or even more potent weapons. They kill
whatever moves indiscriminately, thus weakening the ani-
mal races. Huge agribusiness concerns and burgeoning urban
centers have also taken their toll on the animals' and tunghat's
habitats. More and more often, these sad changelings find
themselves bypassed and ignored, their function forgotten
and their bond with their animal brothers useful only to
properly mourn them when their lives are cut short.

Some among the tunghat have begun to urge the entire
Nation to arise and lead their animal charges on assaults
against encroaching businesses and towns.
Others counsel appeals to their human j
tribes to demand protections for ail
the tunghat and their animal
brothers. A
What- ow» .
ever
the out-
come, it is
doubtful that
the tunghat
can con-

2
tinue in Pad
their tra- 4
ditional roles
for much longer in
the face of "progress."
Like the animals
they befriend,
they are on the
endangered spe-
cies list.


The CDidwest
ae

/\ppearance:

The tunghat are small green people with darker green
hair, nails and teeth. They dress in green and wear rounded
woven grass ponchos which they use to hide under when
necessary.

Seemings:

* Younglings are rarely seen among the tunghat. Even
tinier than their elders, younglings revel in using their special
ability to change their appearance to match that of their
bonded animal type. They take little thought for the world
around them, instead remaining innocent and unaffected by
the changes wrought by the modern world.

© Braves used to be the most active of the tunghat. Now
they are mostly disaffected. Some question their elders' wisdom
in failing to fight those who encroach upon their territories;
others just give up and join a circus (where they work with
animal acts), become veterinarians or, saddest of all, open pet
stores. Despairing that their traditional role no longer has any
meaning, these changelings are hastening the destruction of
their way of life and all too often succumbing to Banality.

¢ Elders endure. They know their time has passed, and
they seek to inspire the younger tunghat to find ways to regain
lost ground. Many have lost touch with their special bondmates
as they have aged, and instead concentrate on not allowing the
anger and despair of the braves to infect the younglings. Many
have begun to talk of appealing for help from their native tribes
— an almost unthinkable step. For all their accumulated
wisdom, the elders are unable to prevent the erosion of their
way of life and the soul-death of their youngsters.

Lifescytes:

The tunghat live in woven grass tipis in territory fre-
quented by their chosen animal companions. Being somewhat
gregarious when among their own kind, their tipis can often
be found set in a circle after the manner of Plains Indian

encampments. These campsites are usually inhabited by
those who have bonded with the same animal type, though in
areas where animal life is abundant, several different types
may live close together. In modern times, more tunghat have
begun living in trailers or moving to the city.

AfFfinicy:

Nature

Birchrights:

¢ Animal Illusion — This power makes others (includ-
ing animals) see the tunghat as a version of a certain type of
animal. The type is always that of the animal with which they
are bonded, but the illusion is always a little flawed, with the
tunghat appearing larger than normal or with inappropriate
markings or coloration.

Ouclook

* Canotili — These isolationists should be our
allies; instead they are our rivals. May the spirits send
them the grief they deserve.

© Inuas— Where is their vaunted knowledge? Why
do they not use it to help us?

© Kachinas — We respect those who know their
function and are still admired for practicing it.

© May-may-gway-shi — Like us, they have the
power to intercede for nature. We pray they are able to
continue as we are not.

© Nanehi — We should appeal to the nanehi's
knowledge of our common lore for help in becoming
strong again. It is a pity they are more concerned with
appearance than with substance.

¢ Niimiizo'ho — We have little to do with these
frightful beings. We would like to keep it that way.

¢ Pu'gwis — Ugly, but kind-hearted and longing
for love. May they find what they seek.

* Rock Giants — Strong, as we are no longer.
Fighters, which we are no longer. Despite their drawbacks,
perhaps it is time we learned from our gigantic brothers.

¢ Surems — Quiet and peaceful. We are gladdened
that they can be so.

© Water Babies — Strange and unfathomable to us.

© Yunwi Amai'yine'hi— These aquatic clowns are
good for the laughter they bring to us, a gift which is too
scarce in these times.

* Yunwi Tsundsi — Said to be hard workers and

kind advisors, we need to learn more about them.

¢ Summon the Herd — Their first use of this ability allows
tunghat to establish a bond between themselves and a chosen
animal type. This bond then allows the tunghat to summon
animals under their charge (those of their bonded type who are
withina half-day's travel), determine which ones are old or infirm
and appeal to them to give up their lives for the good of others.

| Rrailcies:

¢ Animal Mind — Ifa tunghat maintains her illusion of her
bonded animal for more than an hour, she may begin to forget she
is not actually an animal. She must roll Wits + Empathy (difficulty
7) each hour she stays in animal form past the first in order to
maintain her own mind. Failure to attain any successes means the
tunghat remains locked into her illusion and begins to act like a
normal member of her animal type's species. A botch means she not
only believes herself to be an animal, she instinctively begins moving
toward any hunters in the area, in effect offering herself as a target.

Choce:
"We were once the caretakers of our animal brothers;
now we are only the inheritors of extinction."

Chapter Three: The Nunnehi

TyraraNon ke
PULA AY:


The native tribes of the Southwest at-
tribute the knowledge of the rituals and
customs integral to their culture to the
teachings of highly spiritual beings known
as kachinas. Their legends tell of how the
kachinas came from the spirit world, taught
humans the ritual dances and ceremonies
necessary for survival in harmony with na-
ture and the spirits, and then, their work done,
departed the physical world. Among the Hopi and
Zuni in particular, kachina cults, made up of males
of the tribes, dress in elaborate costumes and
perform dances throughout the year honoring the
spirits and petitioning for their help. Ornate dolls 4a
representing the different aspects of the kachina a?
spirits are used to teach children how to identify eae
one kachina from another. :

atin:

ad

As the native faeries of the Southwest,
kachinas were instrumental in teaching their
mortal cousins how to properly honor the
spirits and the earth. Although some of
them left the world when the paths to the
Higher Hunting Grounds began to close
forever, many elected to remain on earth
and act as mediators for their mortal kin.
These adopted mortal form and became
nearly indistinguishable from their hu-
man relatives.

The kachinas are living represen-
tations of the songs and dances of the
Hopi and the Zuni (who also refer to
them as koko — "the raw people").

They are among the most observant

of the Nunnehi Nations, basing

much of their life around rituals

and ceremonies. This is because

they believe that every ritual

establishes a spiritual link be-

tween the mortal and the spirit

realms. When enough links are

formed, the two worlds will once again be

united, and the paths to the Higher
Hunting Grounds will again be opened.
Many Nunnehi believe the kachinas are

§ = deluded in their conviction, but no one can fault
.,

J Kachinas live alongside, and sometimes with,

their mortal kin. They maintain their own hidden
pueblo encampments or freeholds, but many braves
and occasional younglings also reside and partici-

them for wishing to preserve traditional customs.

pate in human tribal society. Only the elders among
the kachinas actually withdraw almost entirely

\ from mortal society, since they are so drawn to
the life of the spirit world that they spend most

) of their time harvesting Medicine for the tribe

§ and communing with the spirits of nature.
They are the keepers of Medicine and the
greatest workers of songs and dances of power.

Despite their zealous commitment to spiti-
tuality, kachinas also display a humorous side.
Clown kachinas are considered to be holy mem-
bers of the Family, teaching important lessons
about proper behavior through the instruments
of laughter and ridicule. Such clowns are braves
belonging to the Midseason Camp who use

their Trickster nature to help their people.
Most kachinas reside in the southwestern
desert regions of Arizona and New Mexico,
. although a few daring individuals travel to

t other parts of the country.

x

f "\ppearance:
7 Kachinas are some of the strangest of
the Nunnehi Nations, having very dif-
ferent forms in each of their seemings.

As mortals, they resemble their
Southwestern kin, the Hopi, Zuni
and other pueblo-dwellers, al-

\a

1
\

though they grow progressively
smaller as they age from brave to
I elder. They are rarely found in any-

—,

a SS


thing other than traditional dress, and are some of the most
conservative among the Nunnehi.

Seemings:

¢ Younglings look like normal children of their mortal
tribes, although they have a "doll-like" purity to their faces.
They are natural pranksters, almost as if they must rid them-
selves of their impish impulses before settling down to their
true purpose.

¢ Braves spend much of their time learning the rituals
that have made kachinas so important to their people. They
often participate in the activities of their mortal tribes'
kachina cult, and are skilled dancers and actors. They are
almost indistinguishable from mortals in size and appearance.

¢ Elders of the kachinas undergo a mysterious physical
transformation, shrinking in size until they resemble living
versions of the diminutive kachina dolls fashioned by their
mortal kin. They dwell apart from mortals in their own
enchanted pueblos and spend their time in rituals of power to
aid their kin. They teach the braves and the younglings, and
intercede with the spirits on behalf of their mortal and
immortal people.

Lifescyles:

Kachinas live in enchanted pueblos, although braves
and occasionally younglings will intermingle with their hu-
man cousins. Their lives are filled with rituals, and they are
meticulous preservers of the old ways, in both dress and
manners. Many braves attend powwows all over the country,
spreading knowledge of and respect for the ways of their
people.

AFfinicu:

Nature

Birchrights:

e Prayer of Plenty — Kachinas are able to convince
plants to grow and rain to fall even in their harsh desert
environment. In order to do this, the kachina must succeed
ina Wits + Occult (or Plant Lore) roll (difficulty 7). The
number of successes indicates the degree to which their
attempt is successful; one success increases plant growth and
rainfall within a mile, while five successes can cause a bumper
crop or bountiful rain over an entire county or reservation.
They will only use this skill if the proper rituals are performed
by their mortal tribes.

© Cloud Form — Kachinas are able to transform them-
selves into ethereal beings that resemble clouds or wisps of
smoke. They can float through the air in this form, though
they are at the mercy of the prevailing winds. They must
spend a point of Medicine to affect this change. In order to

Nrrnrarany>
QRGANLAUGS

* Canotili — They are too obsessed with the hunt.
There are other traditions that need their attention.

¢ Inuas — They are as concerned with the ways of
the spirit world as we are. Perhaps together, we can
achieve our greatest dream.

© May-may-gway-shi — They respect the old ways, but
they hide themselves away from those they should be helping.

¢ Nanehi— They are our allies in keeping alive the
customs of our mortal brothers and sisters. If only they
were better dancers...

* Niimiizo'ho — They have great power, but they
use it wrongly. They undo what we work so hard to
accomplish.

© Pu'gwis — They were made ugly for a reason.
Perhaps we should try to discover what that reason is.

* Rock Giants — Disgusting and vile. We have no
need for them.

¢ Surems — They strengthen the ties between
peoples just as we strengthen the ties between worlds.

© Tunghat — It would be a shame to lose these
emissaries to the animals.

¢ Water Babies — At least in the desert it is too dry
for them to stay long enough to steal any of our cousins'
children. Let them stay near the water where they belong.

¢ Yunwi Amai'yine'hi — Their pranks serve no
good purpose.

© Yunwi Tsundsi — They take justifiable pride in
their handiwork and respect the old ways.

return to solid form, they must first drift to a safe height or else
suffer falling damage. If they need to make an instantaneous
change, they must spend a point of Willpower to quickly
return to ground level. Otherwise, no additional expendi-
tures are necessary.

L-railcies:

¢ Single Mind — Kachinas tend to specialize in one
major role to the detriment of other skills. Kachina characters
must choose one Skill such as basket-weaving, farming,
hunting or performance as their single focus. They are then
ata+ 1 on rolls involving that Skill but at a - 2 on all their
other Skills. (Note that Talents and Knowledges are not

affected.)

Choce:
"Every ritual we preserve honors those who put us here
and helps us find our way home again."


The surems are small of stature, but have
great strength. Despite this blessing, which
might have made them violent, they are
lovers of peace and quiet. Surems dislike
noise so much that they have chosen to
build their dwellings underground so
that they will not be so often disturbed.
Since they live in a hot, desert envi-
ronment, this also serves to keep
their dwellings cool.

Surems listen quite atten-
tively. Their acute hearing may in
fact be responsible for their shun-
ning of loud sounds. A typical
surem admonition for more quiet
isto "not think yourselfas great
as the Thunderbird, whose
wings shake the skies."

Nor is noise their only
dislike. A supremely calm
and sedate folk, surems
are very much opposed
to any kind of violence.

Whenever there is a so-
lution to a problem that
can be reached without
resorting to violence, the
surems are the first to
find it. They are the
peacemakers among
the Nunnehi. Some
Nunnehi see their
actions as traitorous,
since they do notac-
tively oppose the
European change-
lings and instead
counsel peace talks
with them. Many mis-
take this reticence as
weakness, but it comes

(Yaqui Lrecte Deople)

from their assurance of their spiritual health and the rightness
of their vision. Surems are overwhelmingly Summer people.
Those who fall into a Winter Camp are considered
to be insane by their Family.

This is not to say that they have never
fought in the past. Their history claims that
they were the people who warned their
tribes of the coming of the whites.
Because they were helpers of the
spirits, the surems were given the
choice of leaving or staying in the
world. Some departed, presumably
into the Higher Hunting Grounds,
but others stayed and helped fight
against the invaders. This was their
last fight, however, and cost both
them and their tribes dearly. The
surems would have to be pushed

pretty far to again rise in war.

(\ppearance:

The surems are small,
about five feet in height, and
solidly built. They dress like
and follow the customs of
the Yaqui. They have broad,
pleasant faces, and most

seem aloof and serene.

Seemings:

© Younglings look like
any other Yaqui child.
Surems do not take their

younglings out of the commu-
nity, preferring instead to teach
them what they need to know of
their changeling heritage along-
side that of their human kin. They
believe that this socialization
makes younglings more sympa-


thetic to the needs of their kin and prevents them from
abusing their gifts.

© Braves also live among their human kin. They look
like normal members of the tribe, except that no surems grow
taller than five feet. Braves go on vision quests and begin
learning the Spirit Link skills they will need as elders.

¢ Elders are the workhorses of the surems. Much re-
spected for their knowledge, these changelings are accounted
among the wisest shamans and teachers. Their knowledge of
the spirit world and mastery of the peyote rites is second to
none. They too live among the community.

Lifescyles:

The surems are among the most socialized of the Nunnehi.
They live and work alongside their human tribespeople and
are fully integrated members of their communities.

Af Finicy:

Actor

Birchrights:

<n>® Serenity — By making a successful roll on Cha-
risma + Empathy (difficulty 7), the surems are able to project
an air of serenity around themselves that has a calming
influence on all within its range (about 15 feet). Those within
the radius (including the surem) must make a Willpower roll
(difficulty 8) to remain or become angry or agitated.

* Congeniality — Surems are so congenial that they
receive an extra success on all Social rolls. They are unable to
botch any Social roll.

| railcies:

¢ Plowshares — Because they are so committed to
peaceful solutions, surems must make a Willpower roll (diffi-
culty 8) whenever they want to resort to violence (including
speaking harshly). When acting in a violent manner, surems
add + 1 to the difficulty level of any tasks they undertake.

Choze:
"Come, my friends. Let us sit together and smoke. Be
calm; we can work out our differences."

Ouclook

® Canotili — These forest hunters preserve the
ways of their people and this is good.

© Inuas — We much desire to speak with our
learned brethren.

® Kachinas — We hold our nearby kinfolk in high
regard for their unselfish devotion to their tribes.

© May-may-gway-shi — We do not know much of
these cousins, but admire their way with the creatures of
the waters.

¢ Nanehi — We are always happy to commune
with these wisdom-keepers.

© Niimiizo'ho — Regrettably, their anger (and
noise) keeps us from knowing them better.

© Pu'gwis — Gentle souls locked behind hideous
faces.

¢ Rock Giants — Our large cousins must someday
tire of their endless fighting. Perhaps if they were less
violent, their unacceptable appetites would also change.

¢ Tunghat — Sadly, their time may be over. We
understand their pain and grieve for them.

¢ Water Babies — Much misunderstood, these
water beings seek only to help the downtrodden and
abused.

* Yunwi Amai'yine'hi — Clever and cute, our
cousins must learn that not all pranks are harmless.

© Yunwi Tsundsi— We have heard that they are
kind and hard-working. We would like to know more of
these kin.


Elusive and androgynous, water babies are rarely en-
countered in great numbers. They haunt the lakes and rivers
of the western plateau and are best known by the
Shoshoni, Washoe, Nez Percésand Northern Paiute.
Water babies can breathe underwater and are fan-
tastic swimmers. Though they retain humanoid
shape, their webbed hands and feet can propel
their slender bodies through the water at amaz-
ing speeds. Believed to be evil spirits by most,
they are instead stern judges of those who
harm children. Their reputation for steal-
ing children is justified — but they steal
only those children who are abandoned,
orphaned or abused.

They are also guilty of the other
"crime" they are accused of, that of pulling
people into lakes or rivers and drowning
them. Their victims are never innocent,
however. They are those who have abused
children or despoiled the waters under
the protection of the water babies.

Not that water babies care what
anyone else thinks of
them. They believe _.
that the other We
Nunnehi Families

blame them for em-
bracing non-Nunnehi
into their midst and
therefore deliberately mis-
interpret their intentions
and make up lies about them.

Water babies are the least
"Indianlike" of the Nunnehi.

Their practice of taking stolen

children to their hidden homes

under the water and of breeding

with them when they become old
enough to choose mates among the
water babies has introduced a high num-
ber of non-natives into their family line.

Having rescued children who would otherwise
have died, they cherish them greatly as members
of their families.
These water beings believe that they have
been appointed by the spirits to watch over all
young things. They frequently walk the
spirit world seeking to learn more in
order to accomplish more in their role
as guardians. They are also mightily
concerned with the Lower World. Since
they cannot rescue every child, they
are acutely conscious of the tortured
spirits these neglected children
leave behind. Just as they nurture
the living children they rescue, they
stand in stewardship of the children's
spirits that have passed on and guide
them to the Lower World.

(Appearance
Water babies have
long, flowing hair, silvery
eyes and webbed
hands and feet.
All have slen-
der builds and
appear androgy-
nous, which led
many native tribes to
suppose that all water
ait babies were female. In their
A\e human forms, they look just like
- anyone else; the gills through which
they breathe close and become al-
most invisible.

Seemings

© Younglings are the only

water babies to actually look

like babies. Chubbier and less


Tra

Sox
beautiful than their elders, they still project an almost irresist-
ible charm.

¢ Braves appear as androgynously beautiful teenagers.
They favor flowing clothes and lightweight materials, mak-
ing sure the cut of the garment allows it to be slipped off
quickly before they enter the water. Once in the water, their
flowing hair serves as their only garment. Braves are the most
likely to raid suspect houses in search of abused children and
to punish wrongdoers. They travel in groups.

e Elders are still androgynous, though they appear more
faded than braves. They often seem to drift in and out of
consciousness, being more concerned with the spirit world
than the physical one.

Lifescyles
<

Water babies live in dry caves that can usually only be
reached by water passageways (underground streams, entries
at the base of waterfalls, underwater caves which lead to dry
ones inside, etc.).

AfFinicy

Nature

Birchrighzs:

¢ Synthesize Air — Water babies can extract oxygen
from water and encapsulate those they are touching in it so
that they can breathe underwater. They use this talent to
steal children away and bring them to their secret homes.
Occasionally, they also use this ability to rescue someone who
has fallen in their river or lake, though they are often
indifferent to the fates of adults.

¢ Strength of the Wave — Whenever water babies seek
to take vengeance on someone, they are able to pump up their
Strength by two points. This allows water babies to grab the
offenders and drag them into the water, holding them under
until they have drowned. If the person is actually innocent,
this mystical Strength does not manifest, a sure sign to the
water babies that they have misjudged someone. When that
happens they release the victim and quickly disappear down-
stream or into the depths.

The Lar ese

Ouclook

* Canotili — Hunters. We have heard they test the
hearts of those who enter their domains. This we understand.

© Inuas — Wisdom-keepers of the Nunnehi, we
seek their counsel when we can.

© Kachinas — They should think less on crops and
more on preserving the children of their tribes.

© May-may-gway-shi — Our estranged kin, they
too dwell in caves and in the waters.

¢ Nanehi — Entertainers. Arrogant entertainers.
Who cares what they think?

¢ Niimiizo'ho — We know nothing about them
except rumors of their size.

© Pu'gwis — Disgusting tricksters who lure humans
to them by donning false faces.

© Rock Giants — Bad-tempered and disgusting.

© Surems— Peace lovers. Too bad they don't putall
their wisdom to use in guarding the young from harm.

¢ Tunghat — They have abandoned their duties
and now can do nothing but whine about their fate. Stop
sniveling and resume your stewardship!

© Yunwi Amai'yine'hi — These water beings are
close to our hearts, though they think ill of us.

¢ Yunwi Tsundsi — They know their place in the
world and keep it well.

[-railcies:

® Water Dependency — If they are kept for over 48
hours from a water source in which they can immerse them-
selves, water babies begin to die. Each full day that they are
kept from water thereafter, water babies lose one dot from a
Physical Attribute. If any Attribute reaches zero, the water
baby is unable to move. Should another 24 hours elapse after
that time, the water baby dies.

Choce:

"Come, child, and we shall dance upon the waters."

Chapcer Three: The Nunnehi 135

, ve i


E>

=)

(Crushers of Deoptc)

The legends of the tribes of the West contain stories of
fearsome giants who terrorize intruders into their lands.
Reputed to be cannibals and feared for their destructive and
malicious tempers, these spirit beings were also respected for
their strength and honored as reminders of the inherent
power of nature to destroy as well as create.

These tales refer to the Nunnehi known as niimiizo'ho,
named after one of the heroes of their Family, a giant who
taught mortals how to fashion tools from stones before he
disappeared from their sight.

The truth behind the malevolent behavior and violent
tempers of these giants is the story of their anger at what has
happened to the world around them. Even before the ways to the
Higher Hunting Grounds closed, the elders of this Nunnehi
Family had glimpses of the devastation mortals would cause to
the natural world. Their anger grew within them until it became
a prime force in their lives. The oldest niimiizo'ho swore asacred
oath, binding on all their descendants, to act as the avengers of
the natural world. In return for the special powers granted them
to enable them to keep their vow, they accepted the eventual
loss of part of themselves as the price they would have to pay.

Unlike other stories told about them, however, these
giants are not cannibals. In times of great hardship, one of
their elders may offer her body as food for her Family, but this
is only an act of desperation. The niimiizo'ho have no particu-
lar appetite for human flesh.

The niimiizo'ho are not always instruments of destruction.
Occasionally they will assist lost travelers or aid the victims of
natural disasters (ones they do not cause) such as rockslides or
avalanches. They respect the traditions of their mortal tribes,
although they usually have little contact with humans. Some
braves or younglings, however, demonstrate an uncharacteris-
tic desire to associate with mortals or with Nunnehi outside
their Family. These individuals are ones who have managed to
quell their constant anger and allow their Summer personas to
rule them. These niimiizo'ho make loyal companions, although
they must continually struggle to remain calm in the face of
blatant examples of human despoliation of the environment.

=o

> wr

~~

(Appearance:

Niimiizo'ho appear as extremely tall and muscular ex-
amples of their mortal tribes — the Washoe, Kalispel, Flathead,
Paiute, Coeur d'Aléne, Wishram, Miwok and other natives of

,_i

=

Caiead

the Far West. Their eyes glow with an unearthly luminescence,
and their elders are frequently deformed in some fashion.

—,

Seemings:

© Younglings appear to be very
large, though well-proportioned,
children. They learn very early
how to intimidate mortal chil-
dren and have a reputation
as bullies.

a

¢ Braves are fre-
quently troublemakers,
and most of them give
themselves over to
their Winter natures.
They reach their full
size and strength at

this time.

© Elders calm
down considerably
from the violent
behavior of their
younger years,
but they also
succumb to
some physi-


cal deformity thar distorts their appearance so that they become
truly grotesque. Sightings of elder niimiizo'ho have given rise to
legends of fearsome one-legged or one-eyed giants. Ironically, these
elders have learned to control their tempers as their bodies begin to
fail them.

Lifescyles:

Niimiizo'ho live in conical houses or stone dwellings
concealed in the mountains or other rock formations such as
canyons. They are great workers of stone and spend much of
especially weap-
ons. They have invented a ball game using rocks with which
they challenge one another and, occasionally, luckless hu-

their time shaping rock into useful items

mans.

Affinicy:

Nature

Birchrights:

¢ Extraordinary Size — Niimiizo'ho gain two addi-
tional dots in both Strength and Stamina, even if this
increases their rating above 5. It is impossible for them to
botch a Stamina roll, allowing them to always soak at least
one dice worth of damage for every blow that strikes them.

¢ Rouse the Elements — These Nunnehi have an
affinity with the more violent aspects of the natural world. By
spending a point of Willpower and a point of Medicine, they
can cause great disturbances in their surroundings, raising
violent windstorms, causing avalanches or inducing minor
earthquakes in a five-mile radius of their chosen center. They
can only perform this feat of nature mastery once during a
phase of the moon (no more than four times a month).

[railcies:

¢ Weight of Years — These giants do not seem to
exhibit any Frailties until they reach the onset of their elder
seemings. At that time, one of their limbs (usually a leg)
begins to atrophy until it drops off entirely. Knowing this,
most niimiizo'ho braves fashion a special stone crutch so that
this catastrophic event does not leave them entirely helpless.

Ouclook

¢ Canotili — Their small bodies are not large
enough to hold as much anger as ours.

¢ Inuas — They still have hope for their people.
We envy them.

¢ Kachinas— Their dreams areas thin as their cloud-
forms. Humans will never learn from their mistakes.

¢ May-may-gway-shi — They understand the
earth and the water, but they are too kind-hearted
toward those who pollute their waters and kill their fish.

¢ Nanehi — They sing and dance and tell stories.
What good is that when the world is dying?

¢ Pu'gwis— Next to them, our elders are examples
of beauty. Are they as angry as we are?

¢ Rock Giants — Good fighters, but their anger is
pointless and self-indulgent.

© Surems — They are traitors to the earth. They
will never succeed in their attempts to reform mortals.

© Tunghat — They are nearly gone because they
were not angry enough.

¢ Water Babies — Of course they do not steal
human children. Who would want them?

¢ Yunwi Amai'yine'hi— They are toocheerful for
their own good.

¢ Yunwi Tsundsi — They are fine crafters but
waste themselves on mortals.

Elders suffer a - 2 to all Dexterity-related rolls due to their
limited mobility and the need to use one arm to support
themselves. In other cases, a niimiizo'ho will instead become
blind in one eye, thus suffering a - 2 to Perception rolls. Only
one of these afflictions will strike a given individual.

Choe:

"We have great strength and power in our youth, but we

pay dearly for what we have. Do not blame us for our ill
tempers."


These hideous changelings

labor underacurse which has plagued

W them for centuries: When seen in

their fae mien, they are truly loath-

some beings. It is said that at one

time, they were among the most lovely

ofall the Nunnehi, but that their boast-

ing became so offensive that the spirits had

to teach them humility. This they did by

changing the Pu'gwis into horribly ugly

beings and cursing them to appear that

, way to others whom they cared for or
with whom they tried to mate.

Also called Bukwus, these
changelings are deep woods spirits.
They inhabit the forests of the North-
west and Far North, seeking always
to find noble souls with whom they
can share their lives. While their
repulsive features have made them
reclusive, their curse has also made
them sensitive to the plight of those
who have less than others.

Sadly, their own tribesmen fear
them, believing that they lure people
away into the woods, where they kill
and eat them. Pu'gwis do lure humans

into the woods, but always in an attempt
to seduce them or to win their love.
When such activities are begun, the
Pu'gwis always look completely human. As
soon as they attempt to mate with or come
to care for those they have lured to their
glens, however, they undergo the change
into their true forms. Because of the curse,
the chosen mortals are always enchanted,
seeing the horrid faces of the Pu'gwis
as they truly appear. Many go mad
and run screaming into the forest;
others fall senseless and are taken
to the edge of the woods and left

by the Pu'gwis.

Pu'gwisare ironically gifted with the ability tosingso sweetly
that their songs lure mortals to them and hold them enthralled for
several minutes after the Pu'gwis have stopped singing. They
often sing when they are lonely, and their haunting melodies float
through the woods, beckoning all who hear them. Adding insult
to injury, their songs can also cause forgetfulness among mortals,
and when they can, Pu'gwis remove the memories of those they
have failed to win over by singing them sad songs of loss and
regret. Mortals who experience this often recall the tunes as if
they were ghost songs heard long ago and far away, even when
they retain no memories of actually meeting the Pu'gwis.

Those who come to know the Pu'gwis find them to be true
and loyal friends. They are so often misunderstood and hated for
their horrid faces that they hold tightly onto anyone who gives
them the chance to prove themselves rather than assuming the
worst. Pu'gwis act as caretakers of the woods, striving to
maintain habitats for the animals of the forest (who don't care
how the Pu'gwis look) and to preserve the forests from logging.

When able to move about among their human kin, the
Pu'gwis watch over them and leave gifts for those who are
most disadvantaged among them. They distance themselves
from their tribespeople, however, so as to not appear to them
as frightening corpse-faced spirits.

(Appearance:

Pu'gwis look like humans but with the faces of corpses.
The skin is stretched tight over their bones, their noses have
decayed, showing gaping nasal passages, and their lips have
pulled back from their teeth, making their mouths look both
menacing and skull-like. Their eyes look yellowed and almost
runny, as if decaying in their sockets.

Seemings:

¢ Younglings look like small children with the faces of

corpses. Somehow, this makes them even more terrible than
their elders. Pu'gwis younglings are the least playful of all
Nunnehi, as though their souls are scarred already.

¢ Braves fight back against the curse of their kind. They
spend much of their time trying to circumvent it and to find true
love that is blind ta their condition. Many Pu'gwis do in fact


The Lar Norch

marry blind people, to whom they devote themselves with a love
so fierce that no one could doubt their sincere joy at the union.

¢ Elders have either found someone to care for or have
given up. Those who no longer even try to find a lifemate
spend much of their time in watching over the forest and in
performing ceremonies and rituals designed to lift the curse
from their Family.

Lifescyles:

Pu'egwis live in isolated dwellings within glens in the deep
woods. Many maintain homes among their human kin, but
remain aloof from them so that the curse will not come into play.

AfFinicu:

Actor

Birchrighzs:

¢ Song of Beckoning — This potent song has a hypnotic
affect on those who hear it, summoning them to find the singer.
A Pu'ewis uses this ability to entrance a mortal and bring her to
his hidden glen where he attempts to win her love. The Pu'gwis
must roll his Charisma + Performance against his subject's
Willpower to use this ability. Failure results in the subject
resisting the Pu'gwis' call; a botch irritates the subject.

© Song of Dismissal — This power allows the Pu'gwis to
sing a song that removes all memories of herself from the minds
of those who hear it. It is usually employed when humans fail to
appreciate the Pu'gwis and are returned to civilization. The
Pu'gwis must roll her Charisma + Performance to bring the
power into effect. The target is her subject's Willpower. If the
subject was previously entranced by Song of Beckoning, the
target is half the subject's Willpower.

Lrailcies:

¢ Decay — No Pu'gwis can havea Strength rating above
3. In addition all Pu'gwis have an Appearance rating of zero
(this may never be raised).

Quote:

"Won't you stay for just a moment? I would cherish any
time you gave me."

WS

¢
on

ra q
y_ SA
Ouclook

© Canotili — We would like to meet our woodland
cousins. Perhaps they would overlook our appearance.

¢ Inuas — They understand what it is we endure and
have helped us in the past.

¢ Kachinas — They are rumored to be wise and
knowledgeable.

© May-may-gway-shi — These handsome cousins
flee from contact with humans? How curious!

¢ Nanehi— We long to hear their songs and watch
their dances. If they would visit with us, we would remem-
ber it forever.

© Niimiizo'ho — They are angry for what has been
done to our world. We would do well toremember that their
despair is for the world, not just for their own selfish desires.

¢ Rock Giants — They certainly know how to fight,
but their cannibalistic ways have been ascribed to us.
Another burden we do not need.

¢ Surems — Perhaps they could find a solution to
our dilemma.

¢ Tunghat — We hope that these cousins can
remain. Their care for their animals is commendable, and
we can ill afford to lose one of our Families.

¢ Water Babies — We can certainly identify with
their desire to steal children. After all, we try to steal adults.

¢ Yunwi Amai'yine'hi — We have heard many
stories of their clever capers and tricks. We would laugh
loudly if we could see them for ourselves.

¢ Yunwi Tsundsi — We know almost nothing of
these kin, but we have heard that they are gifted with the

crafter's touch.

4


Inuas were born of the dreams of the
northernmostnatives, the Inuitand Aleuts.

These tribes believed in spiritual beings
who lived inside all things whether
animate or inanimate. Assigned
the role of aides toshamans, inuas
were important spirit helpers ©
whoassisted their human part-

ners in communing with the

greater spirits and perform-
ingamazingdeeds. Theyalso

acted as observers to insure

that no one in the commu-

nity broke any taboos.

To fulfill their role,
the inuas learned much
spirit lore and walked the
paths of the Upper World
seeking wisdom from el-
der spirits. They are
reputed to be among the
wisest and most knowl-
edgeable of all Nunnehi,
and have as their affinity
the Realm of Fae because
they areso concerned with
things not of this world.

Most inuas prefer to
take the shapes of animals
when interacting with sha-
man so that their true
identities within the tribe
will not be compromised.
Most frequently, they as-
sume the shapes of foxes,
caribou, seals, ravens, wal-
tus and polar bears. They
are always small versions of
these magnificent animals
so that they can easily enter
a shaman's home or place of
power.

mH DK
qt)
X W725)

The Lar North

(Spiric Netpers)

Inuas most often assist shamans
by using their power to imbue amu-
lets with luck or a specific song of
power. Rarely, they will take over
the job of helping directly with
their fae powers. Somewhat shy
and unwilling to reveal them-
selves to the uninitiated, inuas
prefer the indirect method as-
sistingashaman. Theyare more
comfortable in their role as go-
betweens than as people of
power in their own right. Inuas
believe they are responsible for
guiding the Inuit and Aleuts,
and watch over them to see
that they do not offend the
Creator-spirits.

(\ppearance:

Inuas look much like

regular members of their
human tribes. Broad-faced
and black-haired, most still
follow the custom of using
labrets (plugs of ivory, bone
or other hard materials in-
serted through the skin
beneath the lips so as to forma
chin decoration), making them
the "pierced ones" among the
Nunnehi. They wear clothing
like that of their tribe. In their
preferred spirit-advisor form,
each inua takes on the shape of
an animal important to the wel-
fare of the tribe.

Seemings:

¢ Younglings look like nor-
mal children of the tribe. They
usually have some minor distinguish-


re

ing feature that marks them as inuas — gray- or amber-colored
eyes, pointed ears or small birthmarks that resemble a particular
animal shape such as a wolf's head. These differences are easy to
overlook unless someone is deliberately attempting to spot an inua.
Younglings learn the survival skills of the tribe and begin learning
how to shift their shape.

¢ Braves look much like normal teenagers, except that
they have begun to show signs of the change they undertake
whenever advising shamans. Each has some small feature
associated with the animal shape he has chosen to manifest
that stays with him when he reverts to his human appearance.
A fox inua, for example, might develop a rather pointed and
elongated nose, or a raven inua's eyes might become smaller,
set wider apart and change to a beady black. Though the
change does give them a rather odd appearance, it is not
enough to absolutely mark them as non-human.

¢ Elders must usually leave the community or take up
residence in their chosen shaman's abode as an "animal
familiar." In their more human form, the show marked animal
traces such as tufted ears, tails, crests of feathers, beaks or
whiskers like those of seals. It is no longer possible for them
to masquerade as human. Many elders assume their animal
form and remain in it indefinitely, assuming their other forms
only when they need to communicate.

Lifescyles:

Inuas live in communities of a few related extended
families. They consider themselves caretakers of those in
their village.

Affinicy:

Fae

Birchrighcs:

© Imbue Amulet — Inuas may choose to invest an amulet
with any single power from the Arts of Chicanery, Legerde-
main, Primal, Soothsay, Sovereign, Spirit Link or Wayfare.
While this grants the inua's chosen shaman a great power, it is
usable only once and only in the specific form invested within
it. Thus, if the inua chose to invest an amulet with the Primal
power of Heather-Balm, for example, she would also have to
choose a Realm that is to be affected by the power, such as Actor
3, Familiar Face. This would allow the shaman to "borrow" the
Nunnehi's power to heal someone he recognizes. Once used,
the power is gone, and a new amulet must be made.

¢ Change Form — Inuas have the power to change their
forms to those of animals native to their region. Though it is
possible for them to assume more than one animal form, in
practice, it takes a great deal of time and energy to learn how to
move in one chosen form, much less two or three. An inua who
chooses to devote such time to doing so can learn more than one
animal shape. To simulate this, the inua must begin learning the
shapes while still a youngling. She gives up five freebie points for

ThefarNorch fa ¥

Outlook

© Canotili — These hunters would do well to pay
more attention to the spirits and less to their own prowess.

© Kachinas — Soulmates to us, though they live in
such a far-off, strange land.

© May-may-gway-shi — We marvel at their ability
to enter the hard spirit brother known as rock.

© Nanehi — Keepers of the traditions as we are,
though perhaps too concerned with their appearances.

© Niimiizo'ho — Their anger touches echoes in our
own hearts. We cannot condemn them for their fight to
save our world.

© Pu'gwis — Afflicted, yet noble, the Pu'gwis seek
only for those who will love them. We must devote more
of our time to finding a way to break their curse.

© Rock Giants — They are no doubt fine warriors,
but their appetites concern us.

© Surems — The peaceful people. Many among our
kind see them as traitors; they follow the path their spirits
have laid out for them.

¢ Tunghat — These brothers should come and live
among us. Perhaps they could learn to be the caretakers
of seal and caribou.

* Water Babies — Their devotion to children is
admirable, but they should give more of their time to
listening to the counsel of the spirits.

¢ Yunwi Amai'yine'hi— Akin to our playful otters,
these Nunnehi bring us many smiles.

® Yunwi Tsundsi — Hard workers and crafters.
Perhaps we can arrange trades with them.

the second shape. When she becomes a brave or elder, she may
choose to learn another shape at the cost of 10 experience
points. If the character begins play asa brave or elder, she cannot
have learned more than one shape. Changes to her body follow
the patterns of the animal shape she chose as her first type.

[-railcies:

¢ Susceptibility — Because they are so closely linked to
the world of spirits and animals, inuas are highly susceptible to
all pollutants. When in the vicinity of any pollutant (within a
few yards), inuas take a- | to all rolls. Ifactually in contact with
apollutant, inuas receive a- 2 penalty. Thus, ifnear the Alaskan
pipeline, the inua would be fine, but if caught in a pristine bay
when an oil spill occurs, the inua is in trouble. Air pollution
affects inuas while they are within its fumes. Once sheltered
from its affects (as inside a building where the air is filtered),
they are fine. Obviously few inuas care to visit Los Angeles.

Choce:
"T bring you the words of the spirits and offer you this gift."

Chapter Three: The Nunnehi


> S

Process

¢ Step One: Character Concept

Choose concept, Camp, Legacy, tribe, seemingand Family
* Step Two: Select Attributes

Prioritize the three categories: Physical, Social, Men-
tal (7/5/3)

Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina
Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation, Ap-
pearance

Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence, Wits
¢ Step Three: Select Abilities

Prioritize the three categories: Talents, Skills,
Knowledges (13/9/5)

Choose Talents, Skills, Knowledges

¢ Step Four: Select Advantages

Choose Backgrounds (5), Arts (3), Realms (5)

© Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record beginning Glamour (Medicine), Willpower
and Banality as determined by your seeming
Record Family Birthrights and Frailties

Spend freebie points (15)

Nunnehi Character Creation Chart

pe ee SE ee a Oe Oe

Character Creation @ ee

& Seemings &

© Youngling: Cherished and protected, you are a
child among your tribe and a treasure full of dreams
and visions.

Temper Scores — Glamour 6, Willpower 1, Banal-
ity 1

Brave: Youare the activist of your tribe, the bold,
the courageous and the impetuous. Your creativity
is vital to your people.

Temper Scores— Glamour 5, Willpower 2, Banal-
ity 3

¢ Elder: You are the harvest of your earlier life
stages. Your wisdom commands the respect of the
younger generations.

Temper Scores —Glamour4, Willpower 5, Banality 5

Tridve

See section on Native American tribes for tribes
appropriate to your chosen Family.

Legacies

Summer Legacies
© Chief: You were born to lead and give direction.
© Grower: You recognize natural cycles and treat
relationships as growing things.
© Healer: The wounds and sicknesses of the world
can be healed by your caring touch.
© Hunter: Life is a constant hunt, and you are the
hunter and provider.
© Maker: Creating new forms and improving the
world through making gives your life meaning.
© Scout: You are an explorer and a trailblazer for
others.
© Spiritguide: The world of the spirits speaks to you
and gives your life direction.
¢ Storyteller: Life is a series of stories waiting to be

told.

¢ Warrior: You are the protector and defender of
your people; struggle and competition are your food
and drink.

© Wise One: You are a thinker and teacher, and
take pride in sharing your wisdom with others.
Winter Legacies

® Cannibal: You devour everything that stands in
your way.

* Fool: Life is meaningless, and you intend to prove it.
© Forked Tongue: Why tell the truth, when lies are
so much more adaptable?

© Hoarder: You look to yourself first, and others not
at all. d

¢ Outcast: Youare a loner, needing and wanting no
one's help to survive.

© Raider: Taking what you want when you want it
is your first and only rule.

® Scalp-Taker: Your vengeance is swift, and you
have the proof of your effectiveness.

® Spoiler: In order to succeed, you need to make
others fail.

© Troublemaker: Meddling and causing havoc is
your stock in trade.

© Witch: You deal with the dark spirits for personal
gain.

Midseason Legacy

© Trickster: Seriousness is your enemy; laughter is
your ally.


© Canotili (Tree Dwellers) (Midwest): These mischie-
vous forest creatures aid or hinder hunters.

* Inuas (Spirit Helpers) (Far North): Pooka-like, these
faeries act as aides to shamans, informants and messen-
gers from the spirit world.

® Kachinas (Southwest): Helpful faeries who bring rain, fertil-
ityand good fortune, they are relied upon by their chosen tribes.
© May-may-gway-shi (Rock Fishers) (Northeast): Tal-
ented artists and possessors of potent Medicine, these
dwarflike faeries dwell within caves and crevices.

© Nanehi (Southeast): Sociable, humanlike faeries, they
can alter their size and enjoy cultural festivities.

© Niimiizo'ho (Crushers of People) (Far West): Shapers
of stone and workers of weather, these troll-like giants
can help or harm their mortal neighbors.

® Pu'gwis (Far North): These grotesque corpse-faced creatures
dwell in thedeep woodsand often disguise themselvesashumans.

|-amilies S
© Rock Giants (Northeast): These flint-coated giants

have tastes and dispositions similar to redcaps.

© Surems (Yaqui Little People) (Southwest): Despite
their great strength, these beings hate noise and violence.
¢ Tunghat (Green Dwarves, Owners) (Midwest):Some-
times friendly, these creatures possess close ties to the
animal world.

© Water Babies (Far West): Their reputation for stealing
children notwithstanding, these water faeries act as mes-
sengers to the spirit world.

© Yunwi Amai'yine'hi (Water People) (Southeast):
Mischievous and playful, these water-loving faeries can
assume the forms of aquatic or amphibious creatures.

© Yunwi Tsundsi (Little People) (Southeast): Attrac-
tive and industrious, these bogganlike faeries are adept at
hiding and concealment.

ae Backgrounds

© Chimera: Chimerical objects you own or chi-
merical creatures with which you are allied.

* Contacts: Information sources available to the
character.

¢ Dreamers: Mortal artists whom you patronize.
* Holdings: Nunnehi freeholds (or lands) that you
claim as your own or for your family.

© Household: Mortals whom you advise and protect.
© Mentor: Another Nunnehi to whom you look
for counsel.

© Resources: The sum total of your wealth, in
whatever form is appropriate to your tribe and family.
© Spirit Companion: A spirit creature with whom
you have a special bond.

© Totem: A spirit of the upper world who assists
you in traveling the spirit plane and enables you to
harvest Medicine.

¢ Treasures: Medicine-imbued items that you possess.
© Vision: Your memories of the Higher Hunting
Ground and your unconscious knowledge of the
Nunnehi Nations.

ARTS

® Chicanery: Allows the casting of cantrips asso-
ciated with trickery and befuddlement.

© Legerdemain: Allows the casting of cantrips
involving pranks and illusion.

© Primal: Allows the casting of cantrips involving
healing and resilience.

© Soothsay: Allows the casting of cantrips associ-
ated with luck and prophecy.

¢ Sovereign: Allows the casting of cantrips associ-
ated with command and rulership.

© Spirit Link: Allows the casting of cantrips asso-
ciated with the Upper and Lower spirit worlds.

¢ Wayfare: Allows the casting of cantrips involv-
ing movement and travel.

oe Realms

© Actor: Describes your affinity with people.

© Fae: Describes youraffinity with fae and changelings.
© Nature: Describes your affinity with things of the
natural world: animals, plants, air, water, fire, earth.
© Props: Describes your affinity with manmade
things, from jewelry to smudge pots to canoes.

¢ Scene: Describes your affinity with a particular
location or setting.

Chapcer Three: The Nunnehi


Variations for Nunneht
Characters

Backgrounds

Nunnehi characters may have any of the standard change-
ling Backgrounds with the following changes. The Dreamers
Background is available to Nunnehi; however, restrictions to its
use are described in the section on Glamour and Banality. The
Title Background is irrelevant. Household replaces Retinue,
and Resources has a different meaning for Nunnehi. Instead of
Gremayre, Nunnehi have a Background called Vision, which is
similar but not identical. In addition, Nunnehi characters may
possess the Backgrounds Spirit Companion, which gives a bond
of friendship with an Umbral spirit, usually an animal, and
Totem, which allies the Nunnehi with a spirit for the purpose of
entering the Upper World and harvesting Medicine.

The following Backgrounds are either new or altered from
those found in Changeling: The Dreaming. They are specific
to Nunnehi characters, subject to Storyteller discretion.

Household

You are particularly close to a group of mortals, who may or
may not be aware of your faerie nature. They regard you asa special
person, perhaps even a holy one ora shaman, and act as your allies
and protectors. In return, youaid and counsel them and regard them
as your closest mortal kin. Although they are not under your direct
control, they will usually follow your direction, since they realize
that you are in touch with a world beyond their ability to compre-
hend (unless you have enchanted them at one time or another).

Members of your household will not be infallible. Each
should have a particular strength as well as a weakness. For
example, one might be a brave warrior but have poor judg-
ment, while another may be a talented dancer but possess a
fear of water. Household members are intended to be indi-
vidualized personalities in and of themselves. They should
not be abused, or else they may turn against you.

e You have two members in your household.

ee You have four members in your household.

eee Youhave eight members in your houschold.
eoce You have 16 members in your household.

eocce You have 32 members in your household.

Spiric Companion

Youhave aspecial relationship with a spirit creature, often
an animal but sometimes an elemental spirit or some other
being, who freely and without compulsion acts as your compan-
ion. The spirit follows you whenever you enter the spirit plane,
acts as a guide and occasional scout (depending on its strength
and abilities), and can store excess Medicine or Willpower for
you until youneed it. This Background can only be bought with
freebie or experience points, and is best acquired during play.


Your companion is a very minor spirit.
You can only speak with it if you have a
cantrip that allows you to do so, or if both
you and it are near each other in the spirit
plane. It can store two extra points of
Medicine or Willpower (choose one) for
you. It cannot see out of the Upper World
(the spirit realm), so it rarely knows what
is going on in the Middle World (the
mortal realm).

Your companion is a minor, though not
insignificant, spirit. You can only speak
to it if you have a cantrip that allows you
to do so, or if it is within sight of you on
the spirit plane. It can store four extra
points of Medicine or Willpower (choose
one) for you. It knows instinctively where
you are, and can look in on you from time
to time.

Your companion is recognized by other
spirits as having some importance and
status. You can speak aloud to it easily
through the bond you share, so long as it
is nearby. It can store four extra points of
Medicine or Willpower in any combina
tion for you. It knows instinctively where
you are, can see through your eyes, and
often looks in on you from the spirit plane.
Your companion is an important spirit,
perhaps even one honored by your mortal
tribe as a totem messenger. You can speak
mentally to it through the bond youshare,
so long as it is nearby. You always know
where it is. You can see through its eyes,
and it can borrow your sight as well. Itcan
store six extra points of Medicine or Will
power in any combination for you. It
knows instinctively where you are, can
look in on you anytime it so desires, and
can even assume materia! form in the
mortal realm for short periods of time.
Your companion is one of the major helpers
of one of the great beings of the spirit plane,
such as a herald of Thunderbird or a lesser
manifestation of Blue Corn Woman. You
can speak mentally to it no matter how far
away it is. You and it always know each
other's location. You both can share any of
the fivesenses and share Arts:with each
other. It can store five points each of Medi-
cine and Willpower for you. When you ask
it to, it will assume material form in the
mortal-realm until you desireit to leave or
until it is driven away or banished.

Eo

This Trait represents your spiritual link with a totem
spirit of a particular plant (including trees), rock or body of
water. Yourconnection to this spirit is vital for your entry into
the spirit realm. Certain totem spirits also give you certain
adjustments to your Advantages and/or Abilities (see de-
scriptions of Totem Spirits). Most, though not all Nunnehi,
have at least one level in the Totem Background. Those who
do not have a Totem find themselves unable to enter the
spirit plane unless brought there by another Nunnehi who is
allied with a Totem. The number of points spent on the
Totem Background reflect the relative power of the Totem
spirit; more powerful spirits give the Nunnehi more Advan-
tages or Abilities than do weaker ones. (See the sections on
Totems and Entering the Spirit Plane for further information
on how to use this Background).

° You are linked with a relatively minor

totem spirit (1 point).

Youare linked with a totem spirit of some
small power (2 points).

You are linked with a modestly powerful
totem spirit (3 points).

You are linked with a significant totem
spirit (4 points).

You are linked with an important and
powerful totem spirit (5 points).

Vision

Vision represents your memories of the Higher Hunting
Ground, the natural home of the Nunnehi Nations, now
severed from them by Banality. It reflects your ability to
remember past incarnations and your unconscious knowl-
edge of the ancient history of the Nunnehi.

Anytime a Nunnehi character needs to know something
concerning her faerie existence or history, the player may roll
anumber of dice equal to her Vision rating (difficulty 6). The
number of successes determines how detailed the information
is. This roll is usually made in connection with a rite or ritual
performed to invoke the "vision" of a character's faerie past.

° Hazy bits of information may be learned,

usually through flashes of dream-like images.
Reasonably accurate information can be
gleaned. Visions are slightly more de
tailed and last for several seconds.
Worthwhile lore is available. Visions are
clearly defined and sometimes last for as
long as a minute each.

Remarkable information can be gleaned.
You se€ past events unfolding as if you
were in the vision, and the insights go on
for. several minutes.

Chapcer Three: The Nunnehi

ae


Astounding insights are possible. Your
vision assumes the intensity of a vision
quest, in which you are able to ask ques
tions of and receive answers from the
individuals in your waking dream. This
experience may last for as long as an hour.

Glamour and Banalizy

Because they are able to tap the natural world for Glamour
(Medicine), Nunnchi tend to have slightly higher levels of
beginning Glamour (Medicine) than other changelings; one
additional dot of Glamour (Medicine) is therefore awarded to
beginning Nunnehi characters. Conversely, they are more
susceptible to Banality. When away from natural settings,
difficulty factors for enchanting others are increased by one.

Gachering Glamour

Nunnehi call Glamour "Medicine," a word which means
power and was adopted by almost all the native tribes. Since they
are severed from their part of the Dreaming (known as the
Higher Hunting Grounds), Nunnehi cannot easily gather Medi-
cine from human creativity (difficulties are raised by two, unless
the activity is from an indigenous culture, such as a Cherokee
corn dance or a Navajo sand painting). Instead, they mainly
draw Medicine from Gaia (Earth Mother) herself. A Nunnehi's
current Legacy determines the way in which she replenishes her
supply of Medicine. Dogwood People gather Medicine from
trees, Rock People from rocks or earth, and Laurel People from
flowering plants and shrubs. All Nunnehi may gather Medicine
from pure water. As with other changelings, Medicine may be
obtained by Nunnehi in one of three ways.

Narvescing

This slow method of gathering Medicine is the Nunnehi
equivalent of Reverie. In order for a Nunnehi to use this
means of refreshing her supply of Medicine, she must locate

a naturally occurring source. In general, it is not possible for
Nunnehi to gather Medicine within the confines of a city,
even when in the presence of a possible source. Plants grown
in hothouses or cultivated gardens, Christmas tree farms,
rock gardens or rivers flowing through the center of a city do
not provide Medicine sources for Nunnehi since they are
usually so influenced by Banality or simply too tainted.
System: Once she has located her source, the Nunnehi
must spend at least one hour in contact with the source
(dangling her feet or fingers in a flowing stream, sitting at the
foot of or in the branches of a tree, climbing or sitting upon
a rock or inside a stone cave, or relaxing ina field of flowers).
The Nunnehi character then rolls Wits + Kenning (difficulty
7). One point of Medicine may be gathered for each success,
provided the Nunnchi has spent at least one hour per success

surrounded by her Medicine source. This process may only
occur once per day, and the same source may not be used more
than once per moon phase (i-e., a maximum of four times per
month). Medicine gathered in such a manner is considered to
be pleasing to the spirits. Positive uses of such Medicine (such
as for protection, healing and providing good luck) gain one
extra success when the Medicine being used to power them
was gained through harvesting.

Raiding

Alternatively, a Nunnehi may attempt to rip Medicine
from a natural source. This process, known as Raiding, is the
Nunnehi version of Ravaging. Although doing so reduces the
amount of time that must be dedicated to the process, a Nunnehi
using this method also runs the risk of increasing her Banality.

System: The Nunnehi must be somewhat familiar with
the source from which she intends to wrest Medicine. She
rolls her Banality rating (difficulty 6). The number of suc-
cesses equals the number of points of Medicine gained. A
botch gives the Nunnehia permanent point of Banality. This
penalty comes from angering the spirits whose Medicine has
been stolen. Furthermore, Medicine acquired through Raid-
ing is considered dark and dangerous. While it provides an
extra success when used to power destructive cantrips (such
as curses), for positive uses like healing, the Medicine pro-
vides one less success than it would have normally given.

Blessing

This is the Nunnehi method of achieving Rapture and
can only occur in the Spirit World (Umbra). The process of
Rapture allows a changeling to receive Medicine from a work
of her own creation. Since Nunnehi cannot inspire them-
selves in this manner, they have discovered a way to use their
connection with the spirit world to achieve a similar ecstasy
through the blessing of a totem spirit. This may only be
attempted at the changing of the seasons (four times a year).

System: The Nunnehi must first undergo a ritual purifica-
tion. When she is ready, she attempts to summon her totem
spirit by offering it a song, story, dance, sand painting or other
artistic form. The totem spirit will usually answer such a
summons. When the spirit is present, the Nunnehi rolls the
appropriate Attribute + Ability score for her gift to the spirit
(difficulty 7). The number of successes indicates the number of
Medicine points gained directly from the totem spirit. Five
successes awards the Nunnehi a permanent point of Medicine.
A botch causes the spirit to flee and gives the Nunnehi two
points of temporary Banality. The Nunnehi must wait 24 hours
before trying to enter the spirit world, and may not try again for
a Blessing until the next season change. Additionally, she may
feel the need to perform some purification ceremony to rid
herself of whatever taint offended the totem spirit.


You see, I am alive, I am alive

I stand in good relation to the earth

I stand in good relation to the gods

I stand in good relation to all that is beautiful

I stand in good relation to the daughter of Tsen-tainte

You see, I am alive, I am alive

—N. Scott Momaday, "The Delight Song of Tsoai-Talee"

Tothe Nunnehi, the spiritual and the ordinary are one and
the same. Each day is a miniature cycle in which they interact
with the commonplace and the supernatural, embodied in the
same beings. To them, a tree is not just a tall plant that has
several practical uses, but a living spirit placed here to live in
harmony with all the other spirits of the Earth: rocks, plants,
animals, wind, rain, sun and water. Mankind and Nunnehi are
also spirits who must find their place among the rest, maintain-
ing a proper balance between the physical and the spiritual and
all their spirit brethren so that all life moves in harmony.

Although Nunnehi are gifted with the Medicine to speak
to many of those spirits and thus learn how best to honor or
placate them, it is not always possible for the individual to see
the long-term consequences of actions, master certain skills or
grasp difficult concepts without a wise and patient teacher.
Totems fulfill that role. Furthermore, many such spirits are
believed to be capable of curing illness, making people and
crops fertile, summoning rain and teaching their chosen stu-
dents songs of power. Gaining such a powerful being as an ally
is an important part of a Nunnehi's life.

All spirits prefer to be treated respectfully, and totem spirits
insist upon it. From the totem's point of view, the Nunnehi has
petitioned the totem to take the changeling under its wing and
teach her proper ways. Therefore, the Nunnehi should treat her
totem with the deference and respect given to elders and
teachers. Totem spirits are powerful entities, not minor spirits,
and their goodwill can mean the difference between success and
failure. The totem spirit usually requires that its adopted child
either perform certain duties or refrain from certain behaviors in
order to please it. Many totems also expect periodic gifts that will
be pleasing to it, such as tobacco burned in its honor or a small
willow wreath floated on its waters. So long as the Nunnehi
adheres to the expected path required by the totem spirit, she
will receive the special gifts bestowed upon her by her associa-
tion with the totem and the spirit's guidance and favor.

Should the Nunnehi fail to conform to the totem spirit's
wishes, however, she offends her mentor and falls out of favor
with her totem spirit. When this happens, she is given one
warning — usually symbolically — that her behavior is
offensive. If she persists in acting in the manner that annoys
her totem, all benefits of having a totem spirit disappear. This
does not mean that the Nunnehi should be punished every
time she performs some minor action that the totem doesn't
personally approve. It does mean that major infractions or

truly obnoxious behavior that goes against everything the
totem usually stands for call for action on the totem's part.

If the Nunnehi wants to repair the damage to the
relationship, she must cease forever the behavior that
prompted the estrangement, and approach her totem again as
if for the first time. The Nunnehi must spend at least a month
purifying herself and making numerous gifts to the offended
spirit. At the end of that time, she again follows the steps
outlined below for gaining a totem. If her gifts have been
freely given and offered with true regret for the distance that
has grown between them, and the Nunnehi has actually
changed her ways, the totem spirit will accept her back and
restore the benefits which were lost in the separation.

Such a restoration is possible only once, however, and if the
Nunnehi offends her totem again, the relationship is severed
forever. While it is theoretically possible for a Nunnehi to find
another totem willing to accept her, in practice, asking a new
spirit to offend another totem in such a manner calls for the
Nunnehi character to spend experience points to re-buy the
Totem Background at a cost of five experience points per dot.
Those who lose their totems are called "the ones who walk alone."

Each Nunnehi has a spiritual connection with a totem
spirit. Their close ties to nature have granted them the ability
to contact the totems of plants (including trees), rocks, and
bodies of water. Typical Nunnehi totems are detailed in the
section under Spirits. Simply because the connection is
there, however, does not mean that every Nunnehi takes
advantage of it. Some choose not to ally themselves with
totem spirits, and thus do not have to consider the feelings
and wishes of a spirit when deciding on a course of action or
performing certain tasks. Such Nunnehi are counted among
"those who walk alone," and are greatly pitied by Nunnehi
with totem allies. Those Nunnehi who have no totem spirit
are unable to enter the spirit world except if brought there by
other Nunnehi who do have such connections.

Contacting a totem spirit marks the "coming-of-age" of a
Nunnehi. By the time a Nunnehi has awakened to her faerie
nature, she has usually received some indication of the identity
of her totem — either through a dream or vision quest or by
frequent contact with physical manifestations of the totem.

For example, as a nanehi youngling, Crooked Feather
became lost in the forest during a thunderstorm. When
hunters from her tribe found her, Crooked Feather was
sleeping peacefully beneath the shelter of a stand of white
birch trees. Later, she dreamed of a handsome brave clad in
clothes made from birch bark. These occurrences seemed to
indicate to Crooked Feather and to the elders of her tribe that
she had an affinity with the Birch Tree totem. Upon becom-
ing a brave, Crooked Feather would contact her totem spirit
and might change her name to Shining Birch.

System: A Nunnehi preparing to contact her totem spirit
for the first time must prepare herself through participating in a
tribal ritual such as "going to water" (total immersion ina stream
or pond of pure water) or visiting a sweat lodge. Once she has

Chapter Three: The Nunnehi 147


purified herself, the Nunnehi then places herself in the presence
ofa physical representation of her totem. A tribal elder or mentor
(usually one with the same totem or whose totem is also physi-
cally manifested in the chosen location) then crosses into the
spirit world, taking the aspirant with her. Once there, the
Nunnehiseeking contact must sing to the totem to draw it to her.

Totem alliance is "purchased" through the Background
Trait: Totem. Nunnehi gain the following advantages froma
totem alliance:

eA Nunnehi's alliance with a totem is necessary for her
to be able to enter the spirit world; without it, she cannot
enter the Upper World, no matter her Arts or Realms.

eA Nunnehigains certain adjustments to her Advantages
and/or Abilities, depending on the totem she allies with (see
the write-up for the particular totem in the Spirits section).

¢ The totem is a relationship with a higher spirit,
practiced through stewardship of the totem's material chil-
dren (fir trees for the Fir totem, granite outcrops and rocks for
the Granite totem, etc.). By forming a relationship with a
totem, the Nunnehi has opened a line of communication
with that spirit. The totem may tell the Nunnehi important
information, suggest courses of action to her, guide her on a
vision quest, and on occasion, may even imbue its Nunnehi
ally with Medicine (see the section on Blessing, above).

Cncering the

Spiric Corid

All living things are tied together with a common navel cord.

—Sioux saying

According to native belief, there is not one world, but
three. Surrounding, penetrating and overlaying the physical
world are two spirit realms. Native Americans refer to these
as the Upper, Middle and Lower Worlds. The Middle World
is the world of Mankind where all people dwell. It is the world
the Creator made for the enjoyment of all, humans and
animals alike. Apart from, but still a part of the Middle World
are the Upper and Lower Worlds.

The Upper World is the realm of spirits, where totems,
guardians and messengers have their homes. Each rock, plant,
tree and animal has a spirit associated with it, and these spirits
reside in the Upper World watching over and guiding those in
the Middle World. The Upper World is a place similar to the
Middle World, but far more natural and imbued with potent
energies. Most things in the Upper World take their shape from
those on the physical plane, but appear more pure than their
physical counterparts. The Upper World is like a spiritual
reflection of the Earth, where everything is revealed for its true
nature. Inthe Upper World, the living spirit ofa tree can be seen
and spoken with in a way that is usually not possible in the
Middle or physical World. Movement through the Upper

World is accomplished in the same manner as the Middle
World: by foot, swimming or riding. The difference is that
thought is the key to movement. Walking, running or swim-
ming occurs at the speed of thought, with the Nunnehi moving
from one area to another as fast as she can envision herself
actually traversing the distance. Riding requires that the
Nunnehi contact a willing spirit and persuade it to carry her.
The Lower World is the world of the dead. Things there are
said to be similar to their physical counterparts, but gray and
faded. The earth is ash, there are no colors, sounds are muted, and
smells and tastes nonexistent. Among the native tribes, death is
not viewed as unnatural or the end, but as part of life's cycle, a
necessary change that allows those who have lived out their
allotted span to move on and gives others the room to live. Native
Americans honor the dead, but they fear the retribution of angry
ghosts should they not be properly honored and laid to rest.

‘Travel co the
Clpper CUorid

Though they are cut off from the Higher Hunting Grounds,
the Nunnehi are much valued as messengers and go-betweens
because they are able to enter or interact with these spirit
realms. Nunnehi may enter the Upper World in the presence
of their totem material. Thus, some places are off-limits for
Nunnehi due to the lack of availability of their totem's material
form. The level of spirituality of the chosen spot has a great
effect on the success or failure of the Nunnehi's attempt to enter
the spirit world. The spirituality of a place changes according to
the relative purity of the chosen source. For example, Nunnehi
who have located a city park and who wish to enter the spirit
world in that relatively "wild" spot, may find that the local
examples of their totem spirit contain too many impurities from
city pollutants to enable them to enter the Upper World.

System: Nunnehi must have at least one dot in both the
Wayfare Art and the Nature Realm, since those forms of fae
magic govern the powers of movement and natural settings.
While it is possible for the Nunnehi to enter the spirit world with
only one dot each of Wayfare and Nature, doing so increases the
difficulty level by two. Those Nunnehi who are proficient at
"crossing over" have Wayfare 3 or higher (Portal Passage) and
Nature 2 (Verdant Forest). The Nunnehi simply "walks into" her
totem material — by stepping in a river, plunging into a thicket
of mountain laurel, or disappearing into a giant oak, for example.

A Bunk must be performed, but the number of successes is
not automatic; the player must roll dice to see if his character
succeeds or not. Thus, the Nunnehi rolls Wits (for Wayfare) +
Mythlore (for Nature). The difficulty for this passage is deter-
mined by the spirituality of the area. The spirituality of a place
is expressed by the amount of Banality present in that area. A
very spiritual place, such as a pristine forest, would have a low
Banality rating. The surrounding Banality must be overcome for
the Nunnehi to successfully enter the spirit world at that place.


Banalizy Racing

Area Typical Banality Rating

Science Lab, Mall Impossible, no naturally

occurring material present

Inner City 9
Suburbs, City Park
Rural Countryside
National Parks
Forest Preserves,
Wilderness Habitats
Deep Forest,
High Desert
Unknown Cavern,
Atop High Mesa,
Nunnehi Freehold
Pristine Forest, Lonely
Sea Island, Pure Stream,
Mountain Top, or other
Place of Power 2
Modifiers Difficulty
Impure Totem Material +1 to +3
(toxic streams, wood or stone
that has been carved or worked,
trees "breathing" excessive smog, etc.)
Using less that
Wayfare 3 and Nature 2 +2
Pure Totem Material -2 to-3
(fresh mountain stream, old growth trees, etc.)

Cncering the Spiric Corid

Successes Shift Time
Botch "Caught"
0 Failure; may not

try again for another hour

One 5 minutes
Two 30 seconds
Three+ Instant

When "caught," the Nunnehi can neither be seen
nor attacked by physical denizens, but evil spirits wander
the Upper World looking for such trapped spirit travelers.
After an hour has passed, the Nunnehi can try again to
complete the travel. If that fails, he cannot leave on his
own. Ifnotfound and pulled through by another Nunnehi,

a Garou or a spirit, he will be caught forever.

ee The Nunnehi

and Banalicy

Even the faintest touch of humans can cause a
place to become infected with Banality. The Banali
of a place is of little concern to the average Kithain;
however, due to their closer ties to nature, the Banal-
ity ofaplacecan havesome adverse affect the Nunnehi
by making it more difficult for them to enter the spirit
world. This Banality has no other ill effects on them,
and is not noticeable for the most part. Extremely
nasty Storytellers may wish to have a particularly
Banal place raise the difficulty for casting cantrips or
at the very least give the characters an uneasy feeling.

The Nunnehi rolls her Wits + Mythlore versus the difficulty
of the local Banality (see the chart). Three successes indicate instant
success, two successes require 30 seconds for the transfer to take
place, while asingle success means that the Nunnehineedsa full five
minutes to effect her entry into the Upper World. If the roll does not
succeed (no successes), the Nunnehi is unable to enter the spirit
world and may not try again for another hour. A botch means that
the Nunnehi is "caught" between the physical world and the spirit
world. If another attempt made after an hour passes fails, the
Nunnehi is trapped and may not move until another Nunnehi, a
sympathetic Garou or a creature from the spirit world rescues her.

For Nunnehi, every location in the world has a Banality
rating between 2 and 9. The higher the Banality, the more
difficult it is fora Nunnehi to enter the Upper World. As
always, final determination of the difficulty for entering the
spirit world is left to the Storyteller's decision.

A Nunnehi can bring other changelings into the spirit
world with him. He must have the Fae Realm of the appropri-
ate level (1 for commoners, 2 for nobles) and spend one
Medicine point for every person brought over. All those
attempting to cross into the Upper World must hold hands.

A changeling who cannot cross into the spirit world may
find himself caught there if his guide leaves him. In this case,
he may search out a trod (a long and dangerous task) and
return to the physical world from there.

The Nunnehi's ability to enter the spirit world provides them
with many advantages. Banality is rare there, and spirits abound
who might provide the Nunnehi with information and advice.

Ancient trods exist in the Upper World, old spirit realms
and domains of faerie power from before the gates to Arcadia
and the entries to the Higher Hunting Grounds closed. These
have been empty for many centuries, unvisited by the fae.
Some Nunnehi have sought these places out and use them to
gain Medicine or expunge Banality, allowing them aconnec-
tion to the Dreaming they otherwise do not have. However,
the journey to these far-off trods is usually fraught with
danger, for many evil spirits see changelings as a tasty snack.

Chapcer Three: The Nunnehi


Speaking Which che Oead

While Nunr
Lower World, they do have access to the Art known as Spirit

i are not physically able to travel to the

Link. This Art not only allows them to speak with the spirits of
the Upper World and those that inhabit objects, items and
animals in the Middle World, it also allows them to communicate
with the spirits of the dead who inhabit the Lower World. Many
tribes depend upon those among them who evince this talent for
assurances that the dead have been properly reverenced and
harbor no resentments against the living. These communications
are addressed not only to dead humans, but to the spirits of dead
animals (usually those slain in the hunt and eaten) as well.

V\RTS
Although Nunnehi characters may possess any of the standard
angeling Arts, they are more apt to specialize in Primal, Soothsay
and Wayfare. In addition, Nunnehi have their own Art, called Spirit
Link. (See Chapter Five page 174)

Realms

N hi magic affects the same realms as the magic of

standard changelings.

Changeling Diayers Guide

Songs of Dower
(Nunnehi Canczrips

This was the way of it

Let the story fires be lighted
Let our circle be strong and full of medicine

Hear me

This is my dream song that I'm singing for you
This is my power song that is taking me to the edge
This is rock medicine

The talking tree

The singing water

Listen

I am dancing underneath you

—Jim Wilson & Dave

Nunnehiare quite different from their changeling cousins in

rson, "Twisted Hair"
their attitudes about Medicine and cantrips. Rather than referring
to them as cantrips, the Nunnehi call their magic "songs of
power." When using cantrips Nunnehi not only perform the Bunk
required to enact the magic, but chant, hum, sing or whisper
words, nonsense syllables or a tune to focus themselves as well.
Even if gagged or prevented from making noise, so long as the
Nunnehi makes an attempt to sing her song of power and is not
prevented from performing the other Bunk required, she can bring
her magic into play. Some Nunnehi feel more comfortable beat-


ing a drum, shaking a rattle or dancing, and these are acceptable
substitutes. It is their belief that all such songs originated in the
Higher Hunting Grounds, were given into the safekeeping of the
spirits of the Upper World and were taught to the Nunnehi as the
need for them arose. They are not, therefore, toys to be used
frivolously or wasted on a whim. They are serious magic.

Most Nunnehi feel that they are, in some ways, the
caretakers of Medicine. They feel that they have been entrusted
with powerful secrets, and that it is their duty to see that such
powers are used wisely. The Nunnehi believe that the spirits of
the Upper World watch them to make certain that they don't
misuse the songs of power. This belief leads Nunnehi to justify
(either before or after) the use and necessity for using the songs
whenever they do so. Sometimes this causes the Nunnehi to
delay her action while she makes offerings, performs a purifica-
tion ritual or states her reasons to the spirits and those around
her who might be agents of the spirits.

No one said the Nunnehi are not vain. There is more of
aconscious sense among Nunnehi of being part of an ongoing
story or a living legend than is usual among other change-
lings. Part of their approach to using songs of power is done
with a view to how it will sound when the story of their deeds
is later told around the campfire or sung of at a powwow. They
use their songs of power with more ceremony and are quite
aware of crafting them to create dramatic moments — but use
them only when they are appropriate.

Nunnehi magic is often used as part of a ceremony or
ritual, whether tribal or personal. Often, they use their
Medicine at the request of others or for the general good of
their Nunnehi Nation or mortal tribe. Rarely do they indulge
themselves simply for convenience's sake. This is particularly
true of the Wayfare, Soothsay and Spirit Link Arts.

Soothsay and Spirit Link are considered too important
to be wasted on minor issues. When they are used, the
Nunnehi usually undergoes a purification ritual and engages
in a ceremony designed to earn the favor of the spirits first.
Naturally, in an emergency, such things can be dispensed
with, so long as the Nunnehi performs a lengthy thanksgiving
ceremony afterwards.

Because they see themselves as part of an ongoing story,
Nunnehi usually prefer to travel by normal means rather than
via Waytare whenever possible. To them, the journey is as
important as the destination. Journeys are symbolic represen-
tations of the passage from one stage to another, and are
therefore a part of the cycle of life. When they really need to
get somewhere faster or utilize the other Wayfare powers,
they do so, but only to save a life, prevent a catastrophe, or if
it is the only way they can travel to a certain place.

Naturally, not all Nunnehi are equally concerned with
maintaining a balance or refrain from overuse of their powers.
Some Winter people (and even a few Summer people and Trick-
sters) abuse their gifts, using them to garner personal power at the
expense of others or bullying someone simply because they can.
These Nunnehi have embraced dark spirit energy, and are consid-

The CDedicine Bag

There exists one piece of personal adornment
that Nunnehi always wear — the medicine bag. A
medicine bag is a small pouch, usually made of
deer skin or some other supple hide. It may be
decorated with shells, feathers, tufts of hair, beads
or quillwork, or it may be plain. Medicine bags are
strung on thongs and worn around the neck.
Nunnehi place items they feel a connection to in
their medicine bags — small stones, feathers, bits
of wood or flint, or anything else that they feel is
important to their life or that symbolizes their
totem or animal companions.

The medicine bag is at once and the same
time a protective amulet and a summation of a
Nunnehi's life up to the present time. Whenever
something of significance occurs, the Nunnehi
adds something symbolic of that event or that was
in the area when the event occurred to his bag.
Nunnehi believe that all the items they have
chosen to place inside their bags become imbued
with spirit energy. If something is lost from the
bag, given away or stolen, the Nunnehi feels
incomplete until its place is filled by something
else of significance. Until such an item is found
and acquired (for which a quest might be re-
quired), the Nunnehi gains one less success in any
Medicine he attempts to use. If the whole medi-
cine bag is stolen or destroyed, the Nunnehi must
undertake a quest to replace it and its contents as
nearly as possible with duplicates of what was lost.
Until he does so, he is - 2 successes in the use of any
songs of power due to the psychological distress
involved in the loss of his medicine bag.

ered by most Nunnehi to have perverted the songs of power.
Nevertheless, many such Nunnehi become powerful warriors or
witches (a term used for either male or female sorcerers) and can
be quite dangerous. These are, in fact, the most likely Nunnehi to
raid otherchangelings' freeholds and attack them in the wilds.Spirits

The spirits of plants, minerals and the elements are fre-
quently willing to adopt Nunnehi as their charges. This
relationship between a Nunnehi and her "totem" spirit enables
her to enter the spirit plane. The spirits detailed in this section
do not cover the full range of beings available as totem spirits for
Nunnehi, but are meant to provide the Storyteller with ideas for
designing others for use in a chronicle involving Nunnehi
characters. A Storyteller whose chronicle is set in the Ameri-
can Southwest, for example, may draw upon her knowledge or
research of that region in order to come up with totem spirits of
plants and minerals or natural phenomena specific to the land

Chapcer Three: The Nunnehi 51


of deserts and canyons. Additional rock and plant spirits can be
found in Axis Mundi, a supplement to Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse and adapted for use in Nunnehi chronicles.

Birch

Background Cost: 2

Birch requires abundant light and a cool climate for her well-
being, and she is found in the northern and northwestern parts of
Americaand Canada, including Alaska. Called the White, Paper
or Canoe Birch, her gleaming white bark is stretched over canoe
frames to make birch bark canoes. Her oil, extracted from the
bark, has medicinal value in treating rheumatism and inflamed
joints and muscles. Birch is stately, proud of her beauty and grace.

Traits: Birch grants her Nunnehi children an additional
point of Charisma and Herbalism 1.

Taboo: Birch asks her children to protect her forests
from overuse.

Cozcconwood

Background Cost: 5

Also known as the Necklace Poplar, Cottonwood grows on
the American prairie. Her downy buds, shed in the spring,
resemble the fruit of the cotton plant. Tall (80 — 100 feet) and
fast-growing, Cottonwood provides a welcome source of shade,
and long ago taught the Sioux how to build their tipis. Later, her
wood was used by white settlers for building their own houses.
Most importantly, however, Cottonwood is used as the center
pole for the rigorous sun dance, one of the holiest ceremonies of
many Native American tribes, including the Sioux and the Crow.
Cottonwood is one of the most spiritual of trees, and regards
herself as the caretaker of the land and creatures around her.

Traits: Cottonwood's Nunnehi children gain Mythlore
2 and Craft 2 (woodcarving). Nunnehi allies who participate
in the strenuous sun dance also gain an additional point of
Stamina after completing the ceremony, a bonus which can
only be acquired once.

Taboo: Cottonwood requires allied Nunnehi to be fru-
gal in their use of her wood, replacing cut trees with seedlings
and using deadfalls whenever possible. She also demands that
her children never fail to honor the spirits.

Oogwiood

Background Cost: 3

Flowering Dogwood, also called Boxwood or Dog Tree,
grows along most of eastern and southern North America, as far
north as Ontario and Maine and as far south as Texas and the
Gulf region. Valued for her hard wood, useful in making all sorts
of tools, Dogwood's bark also produces astrong tea which induces
sweating and thus aids in breaking fevers, including malaria. An
extract made from simmering her bark in water relieves muscle
aches. Her first spring blooms serve as signs to nearby tribes that
it is time to begin planting corn. Dogwood is lively and helpful,

although somewhat vain with the knowledge that her pink or
white flowers make her one of the loveliest of trees.

Traits: Dogwood endows her children with an additional
point of Charisma as well as Herbalism 2 (or Medicine 1) and
Plant Lore 2.

Taboo: Dogwood's children must never deface themselves,
and must carry a small dogwood trinket with them at all times.

[ir

Background Cost: 2

Fir has many names, among them Balsam, Fraser and
Spruce, but inall her forms, she isa survivor, able to withstand
cold climates that are inhospitable to other species of trees.
Fir does not lose her leaves each year, and the cones she
produces not only give birth to others of her kind but also
provide nourishment for many creatures of the forest. Her sap
is the blood that warms her body year round.

Traits: Nunnehi accepted by Fir gain Survival 2 (alpine
climate) and an additional point of Stamina.

Taboo: Fir requires her children to protect her diminishing
forests. Nunnehi allied with Fir must never cut down a fir tree,
and may use only dead wood for building fires or making items.

[ireweed

Background Cost: 2

Fireweed is a survivor, thriving in normally inhospitable
land such as regions devastated by forest fires or areas distressed
by excavations. She also makes her home in the damp, fertile soil
of the Rockies and the higher Appalachians. Noted for her
striking magenta blooms, Fireweed symbolizes the natural power
of plant life to renew itself, restoring growth and beauty to lands
gutted by humans or nature. Native tribes relied on Fireweed as
afood source, eating the shoots, making soup from the stems, and
brewing tea from the leaves. The roots and leaves of Fireweed
also have medicinal value as an astringent and for ailments
ranging from asthma to whooping cough. Fireweed is tenacious
and hardy, and respects those qualities in other creatures.

Traits: Fireweed grants her children Herbalism 2 and
one additional point of Stamina.

Taboo: Fireweed requires her children to assist in land
reclamation projects whenever possible.

Granice

Background Cost: 3

Granite is one of the crystalline rocks that form the
"basement" of the Appalachian Mountains, and is also found
in other parts of the American continent. It comprises part of
the continent's geological backbone and has weathered eons
of slow change. Granite appears hard and unyielding, but he
is also a symbol for stability and stoicism.

Traits: Granite grants his Nunnehi children two points
of Strength and Intimidate 2.


Taboo: Granite demands that his children never back
down from a test of strength or endurance.

Ice

Background Cost: |

The northernmost regions of the American continent,
where Ice enjoys his greatest influence, are icebound for much
of the year, while in the Rockies and the higher ranges of other
North American mountains, Ice often makes himself at least a
temporary home. The native tribes of the Far North have
learned from Ice how to travel upon its surface, build shelters
from large blocks of ice and gather food by fishing through holes
cut on frozen lakes and waterways. Ice represents the contradic-
tory nature of life, since he can be solid enough to support great
amounts of weight yet fragile enough in places to break under-
foot. Ice reminds Nunnehi of the coming of Winter.

Traits: Ice grants his Nunnehi children Survival 2
(Arctic) and one additional point of Stamina.

Taboo: Ice requires his allies to dwell in places where he
isprevalent and to care for the people and creatures who make
those lands their home.

(Daize (Corn)

Background Cost: 3

Maize (corn) is the staple crop of many tribes. A close ally
of Blue Com Woman, a chief spirit of the Upper World, Maize
symbolizes bounty, fertility, and protection. Besides forming the
basis for corn pone (or cornbread), grits (or hominy), and the
corn tortillas of the Southwestern tribes, powdered maize was
often dusted over a family's sacred possessions to feed the spirits.
Ears of maize acted as protective fetishes against witchcraft (or
bad medicine) and harmful creatures or as repositories for ghosts
during ceremonies of mourning. Maize is a regal spirit, con-
cerned with ceremony, yet she is also imbued with an intimate
concern for nourishing and protecting those who honor her.

Traits: Nunnehi who choose Maize as their totem gain
Empathy 2 and Cooking 2 as well as one additional point of Wits.

Taboo: Maize's children must hang an ear of corn
somewhere in their permanent dwellings, and must carry a
few kernels of corn or corn pollen on their person at all times.

Saguaro Cactus

Background Cost: 2
Thriving in the Southwestern deserts, Saguaro towers

over the other plant life, dominating the landscape. His spiny
limbs arch upward, forming a link between earth and sky. The
Papago of Arizona use the succulent's bright red, plum-sized
fruit in brewing a syrupy liquor which they ritually consume
as part of their rainmaking ceremonies, hoping this act would
bring rain to their parched land. Saguaro is proud and hardy,
proof that even the barren desert can sustain life and growth.

Traits: Nunnehi allied to Saguaro gain Stamina 1,
Survival 1 (desert) and Brewing 1.

Taboo: Saguaro requires his children to conserve water
and to oppose those who pollute water sources.

Sandstone
Background Cost: 2

Sandstone makes her home in arid regions such as deserts
as well as near areas of fresh and salt water. The Dineh (Navajo)
grind her colorful stones into fine sand to use in the elaborate
and beautiful sand paintings that figure in their ceremonies
depicting the various Chant Ways — among them Earth Way,
Shooting Way and Blessing Way. Sand paintings absorb the
evil spirits driven out in healing ceremonies. Sandstone is also
useful as building material for the various pueblo tribes. Sand-
stone is patient and flexible, willing to participate in both the
practical and spiritual affairs of those who respect her.

Traits: Sandstone's Nunnehi children gain Craft 2
(sandpainting) and Occult 1.

Taboo: Sandstone requires her children to study the
ancient rituals of their mortal tribes.

‘Todacco

Background Cost: 4

Regarded by almost all Native American tribes as one of the
most sacred plants, Tobacco's dried leaves were crumbled, then
scattered upon holy ground to honor the spirits or else burned in
an open fire to send its pungent fumes to the Upper World.
Smoked in special pipes, Tobacco's mildly narcotic smoke opened
lines of communication between the Upper and Middle Worlds.
White settlers who "discovered" and commercialized the use of
tobacco as a recreational, habit-forming drug have ignored its
spiritual qualities and opened themselves to the dangers of
overindulging in its potentially harmful properties. Tobacco
shuns those tobacco plants harvested by the cigarette industry,
and will usually avoid large fields of commercially grown tobacco.

Traits: Tobacco grants his Nunnehi children Spirit
Lore | and one additional point of Perception.

Taboo: Tobacco requires his children to restrict their to-
bacco use to ceremonial occasions, honoring its original purpose.

CUhicewiater

Background Cost: |

Whitewater is known for her mercurial nature, by turns
playful and menacing. She is the symbol of self-challenge and the
free spirit of the untamed wilderness. Whitewater delights in rapid
movement and constant change. Whitewater's laughter pierces
the forests and announces her presence over long distances.

Traits: Whitewater endows her Nunnehi children with
Swimming 3 and Boating 2. Her children also gain an
additional point of Dexterity when involved in activities
which take place in rapidly moving water.

Ban: Whitewater requires her children to make their
homes near her banks. She also asks that any who honor her
refrain from polluting her rivers.

Chapter Three: The Nunnehi 153



The following section describes a new, optional rules
system for the casting of cantrips without using cards. It should
be noted that these rules completely replace those published in
the original Changeling rulebook. Of course, those who prefer
the original rules should feel free to continue using them.

‘The Nacure
of che Bunk

There was a time when Glamour could be plucked out of
thin air — when the fae were infused with it and had no need
for such gentle coaxing. That was the Mythic Age, but that
time is no more. Now in order to summon forth the Glamour
required to weave a cantrip, changelings must enact strange
rituals and actions which have come to be known as Bunks.

Still, the Bunk is far more than asilly requirement for casting
acantrip; it is the means by which achangelingcan actually touch
the Dreaming within himself, allowing him to draw upon a little
bit of Glamour. No one, not even the fae, really understands
Glamour. It seems to come more readily to some than others, and
it is never the same from one moment to the next. And yet over
the ages, the fae have learned how to use it to create varied and
wondrous effects in order to overcome the banal world.

(\dvanced Rules For Bunks

The current system for Bunks requires that you draw a
random card each time you attempt to cast acantrip. While this
system is reflective of the unpredictable nature of the require-
ments of Glamour, it is still somewhat restrictive in that you are
limited by a certain number of cards. Inevitably the same card
willbe drawn fora similar situation. This limitation goes against
the very nature of what Bunks are supposed to represent.
Additionally, while some Bunks may be appropriate for a given
cantrip, others are wildly inappropriate. While some might say
that this is simply just another representation of Glamour's
caprice, Bunks that seem appropriate to the cantrip being cast
add flavor to the story rather than distract from it.

The following system is an attempt to offer a more
improvisational method of performing Bunks, which allows
players to create their own Bunks on the fly — with a little bit
of guidance, of course. This system completely eliminates the
use of cards when casting cantrips, requiring the use of dice
instead. Those players who have become accustomed to using
cards may wish to use a variant of the system provided.

Choosing the Bunk

Whenever a character decides that she is going to cast a
cantrip, she must first successfully perform a Bunk in order to

Chapzer our: The Clays of Glamour 155


call forth the Glamour required for the casting. Theoretically
a Bunk can be anything from whistling a tune, to reciting a
Shakespearean quotation backwards, to jumping in the air
three times while holding your nose.

This system provides guidelines that allow you to create
your own Bunks on the spur of the moment, rather than
randomly drawing them from a deck of cards. Essentially the
Art determines the general nature of the act which must be
performed (Chicanery often involves a verbal Bunk of some
sort, while Legerdemain usually demands a physical gesture),
while the Realm dictates an object or person which must be
involved in the Bunk. The more extensive and involved the
Bunk is, the lower the difficulty for casting the cantrip.

When creatinga Bunk, you must observe the following steps:

¢ Determine what is required for the Bunk, whether it
must be a verbal phrase, a physical action, etc., by consulting
the appropriate Art on the charts below.

¢ Decide how complex the Bunk will be. The level of
complexity determines how much you may lower your base
difficulty. The minimum for complexity is one, the maximum is
five. You can find guidelines for the complexity of Bunks in the
charts below. Additionally, many of the Bunks provided in the
Changeling rulebook and the Changeling Players Kit may
provide inspiration for Bunks. The Storyteller is the ultimate
arbiter in deciding the level of a given Bunk. Storytellers should
reward ingenious and creative players by giving them the benefit
of the doubt when it comes to deciding the level of a Bunk.

e Finally, you must perform the Bunk. While it is
suggested that players roleplay their Bunks if they are of a
verbal nature, it is recommended that most physical actions
merely be described. If for some reason the character is
interrupted during the performance of the Bunk and is unable
to complete it, the cantrip fails.

Nighcmares

Whenever a character would normally gain a Nightmare
card, the character now gains a Nightmare die. Nightmare dice
should be all of the same color, and should be easily distinguish-
able from the other dice. These dice are knownas the Nightmare
Pool. Whenever a character attempts to cast a cantrip, the dice
in the Nightmare Pool must be substituted for an equal number
of dice. For example: if a character had to roll eight dice to cast
acantrip and had a Nightmare Pool of three, three dice would
be removed and the Nightmare dice substituted. The character
now has five normal dice and three Nightmare dice.

Anytime a one is rolled on Nightmare dice, the charac-
ter suffers the ill effects of a Nightmare. The number of
Nightmare dice that come up ones determines the severity of
the Nightmare. Nightmare dice that rolled as ones are re-
moved from the character's Nightmare Pool.

The Nightmares Chart on page 215 of Changeling: The
Dreaming can be consulted for examples of nightmares.

Character vs. coe

While most Storytellers will wish to have their
players actually create the verbal component for a
Bunk, many players may not be as competent at creat-
ingrhymesorsonnetson the spurofthe momentas their
character would be. Generous Storytellers may allow
players to make a roll using the appropriate Attribute
and Ability (ie., Manipulation + Expression) when it
comes to creating a higher level Bunk. One should be
careful, however, that this is not abused by players to
allow them to continually cast Level Five cantrips. As
a general guideline, assume that the difficulty for any
such roll would be equal to the level of the Bunk + 3.

Cascing the Cancrip

The base difficulty to affect a target is equal to the target's
Banality + 4. When casting a cantrip on an inanimate object the
difficulty is equal to the caster's Banality + 4. A changeling casting
acantrip on another changeling gains one free success (even if no
successes are rolled on the dice). A changeling who is the subject
of a cantrip may invoke his own Banality in order to ignore this
automatic success. Changelings who employ this method of
defense gain one point of temporary Banality each time they doso.

Casting cantrips is always difficult when mortal wit-
nesses are present. The base difficulty for casting any cantrip
when mortals are present is equal to the highest Banality + 5.
If numerous particularly banal mortals are present, the Story-
teller may wish to further increase the difficulty.

Casting a cantrip costs one point of temporary Glamour.
Each additional Realm involved in the casting costs another
point of Glamour. If more than one subject is affected by the
cantrip the caster must spend an additional point of Glamour
for each additional subject beyond the first.

Rasputin decides to use the Art of Chicanery (specifically
Fugue) to cause a troll guard to forget about seeing him
snooping around the duke's private chambers. Creating a
Bunk on the fly, Rasputin recites a short poem about himself.
The player asks for this to be a Level Five Bunk, but the
Storyteller decides that it is only worthy of a Level Four.

The troll's Banality is 6, giving Rasputin a base difficulty of
10. However, Rasputin may then subtract the level of his Bunk
(Four), leaving him with a difficulty of 6. He then rolls the
appropriate Attribute and Ability (in this case Manipulation +
Kenning against the final difficulty of 6). He rolls three successes,
plus an additional success because the troll is a changeling, giving
him four successes — more than enough to allow him to erase any
memory of his having been in the duke's chambers.


Chicanery

Chicanery requires a that a verbal Bunk of some sort be
performed. This can be as simple as making up a new word to
the reciting ofasonnet. Many Chicanery Bunks take the form
of poems or silly phrases, though songs also perform ad-
equately, of course, all must feature the Realm of the cantrip

in some way. In the end it should be the character's person-
ality that the determines the exact nature of the Bunk.

Difficulty | Requirement
Modifier

-l A single word.

At short phrase.

A least a
full sentence.

A paragraph

or short poem.

Several
paragraphs or a
complete poem.

Chronos

Examples

Say a word backwards
three times.

Swear loudly.

Make astrange sound
(something related to
the Realm).

Tell a clever lie.
Insult your subject.
Shout out your true
feelings.

Sing part of a song.
State a quote from a
film or novel.

Offer a toast to your
subject.

Recite a full poem.
Make up a new curse
ina foreign language.
Do your best to start
an argument between
two people.

Narrate your every
action before doing it.
Recite a portion of an
epic poem.

Tell a scary story in-
volving your subject.

The bunk must in some way involve time or representa-
tions of time. The requirements for these Bunks are dictated by
how much time must be taken to enact the Bunk rather than by

a specific action.

Difficulty Modifier | Requirement
-l one second

10 seconds

one minute

2
3

-4 10 minutes
5

one hour


Orcam-Crafc

The Bunks for this Art generally involve the creation of a model of the subject of the cantrip. This could be anything from
making a quick sketch to creating a sculpture from clay or sand.
Difficulty | Requirement Examples
Modifier
A vague outline (no details are required). Draw a stick figure.Make a figure out of mud. Make a figure
out of sticks.
Some details (some details must be accurate). Make a voodoo doll. Wear a costume to represent the
subject. Make a model from glass.
A clear image (the subject should be Draw a portrait. Make a sculpture from clay. Make a
identifiable). wood carving.
A detailed representation (details of the Full color painting. Create an ice sculpture. Make a
subject should be accurate). carving in crystal.
A finely detailed re-creation (all details Create a masterpiece painting. Make a detailed model of
should be accurate). your subject.

Legerdemamn

These Bunks require that the changeling perform some action or movement, generally silly or superfluous.
Difficulty | Requirement Examples
Modifier
-l A subtle physical motion. Curtsy or bow. Pull your earlobe three times. Cross your eyes.
A noticeable physical action. Drink a liter of soda without stopping for breath. Leap as
high as you can and touch the ceiling or a branch. Give a
moose salute.
A blatant physical action. Assume a full lotus position. Roll around on the ground
and giggle. Raise your arms to the sky and shout.
A complex physical action. Write a short poem in calligraphy. Perform a magic trick.
(requiring a full turn) Stand on you head.
A complex physical action Make an origami figure of your subject. Juggle three items
(more than one turn). then adda forth without dropping. Catch a fly with chopsticks.

Primal

Requires the attainment and use of a natural element. For higher level Bunks, the natural object must be crafted in some
manner.

Difficulty | Requirement Examples
Modifier

Common element. Listen to a seashell. Shower your subject with flower
petals. Imitate a bird call.

Uncommon element Sprinkle your subject with fresh spring water. Eat a cake made
with many spices. Lick a jewel and press it to your target.

Rare element. 5 Shower your target in four-leafed-clovers. Burn mush-
rooms. Pour curdled milk into a bowl.

Uncommon element crafted. Strike your subject with a whip with a holly bough crafted
at the end. Cut your wrist with a fingernail; drip the blood
on your subject. Break a solid oak branch with your bare hands.

Rare crafted element. Massage someone with scented oils. Bite the head off a
small animal. Tightly grasp a rod covered in thorns.


Soochsay

Requires the use of divination items or at higher levels the actual performance of divination.
Difficulty
Modifier

Requirement

Requires a minor divination object.
Requires a major divination object.
Perform a simple divination.

Perform a complex divination.

Perform an extended divination.

Examples

Carefully tear a four-leafed clover into four separate pieces.
Gaze into a quartz crystal. Roll a pair of dice.

Holda lock of your subject's hair. Shuffle a deck of Tarot cards.
Rattle a bag of runes.

Scatter runes on the ground and read them. Stare into the
shards of a broken mirror. Lay out a 10-card Tarot spread.
Perform an I Ching reading. Burn a bag filled with chicken
bones, beads and beans. Sprinkle blood onto the sand and
read the pattern.

Perform a crystal divination. Chew the wax of a candle
burned for seven days. Create a voodoo doll of your subject.


Requires that one conducts herself in the manner of royalty or adorns herself in royal garments.

Difficulty
Modifier

Requirement

A simple word or gesture.

Make a commanding statement.
Adorn a garment.

Issue a proclamation.

Make an oath or vow.

These Bunks require that the changeling physically move her body in some manner

Examples

Speak with an affected accent. Put on a pair of spotless
white gloves. Salute your subject.

Break a glass of wine upon the ground. Issue an order.
Gesture with an ornate rod in your hand.

Toucha jeweled necklace crafted by a friend. Apply intricate
make-up to your face. Draw a rune upon the ground.
Stand upon a chair and recite Shakespeare. Sweep someone
off their feet into a long passionate kiss. Tell a story with amoral.
Henceforth call the subject by a new name. Swear loyalty
to your subject. Make an oath to kill your subject.

anything from a simple jump to

leaping and spinning in the air and landing on her head. At higher levels these Bunks require a prop of some sort.

Difficulty
Modifier

-l A simple quick movement.

Requirement

-2 A movement which involves multiple

actions/ a simple one that involves a prop.
An action which causes you to move from

your current location.
An action involving great physical force.

An action involving a prop of some sort.

Hey, put that down, it's delicate! And who gave you
permission to touch anything? The Baron sent you here to
listen, not destroy my workshop. Keep your hands in your
pockets and your ears open, and maybe you'll get to leave with
everything intact, though I'm beginning to doubt that you
have all of your marbles, because only a drooling idiot would
mess around in a nocker's workshop.

The name's Geen, and as you have probably guessed, I'm
the Baron's seer. Now, all of you fledges just grab a chair —
stop fidgeting back there, Bodi. No, I don't have any carrots.
Today, we're going to talk about the experiences and stages
before and after the Chrysalis.

Examples

Jump in the air. Point at the place you want to be. Stare
up at the sky.

Eat three glazed doughnuts at the same time. Flap your
arms like a giant bird. Eat a butterfly.

Jump off a three-story building. Trace a route on a map in
blood. Make a pile of sand in your hand and blow it off.
Thrust a blade into the floor. Watch the shadow of a fixed
object shift location. Draw a face on an egg and then break
the egg.

‘The Becoming

Chrysalis

What? You already know about the Chrysalis? (...Later,
after about three hours of lecturing and grumbling...). Now,
before I was interrupted, | was about to outline the reasons for
Chrysalis and the experiences that many Kithain undergo
before arriving at their Saining.

There are a lot of "things" out there that consider
changelings a good snack, or worse... slaves. A changeling


cannot expose her true nature to the cold, banal world. As
with any animal in a dangerous world, natural or supernatu-
ral, we need a bit of protective "camouflage" to survive. The
alis is a way we can maintain our sanity, while learning
what we need to know to survive in this mundane world.

In nature, there's a reason for everything. Whales have
blubber so they don't freeze under the water. Salmon lay eggs
in their birthplace to keep their young ‘uns away from the
predator's teeth. Sidhe have their good looks so they can lord
it over everyone else... and. changelings experience the
Chrysalis as a means of recognizing, expressing and resolving
their twin natures, as well as living in a world that denies their

stence. Notall changelings undergo the same ordeal; s

yerience a mild Chrysalis. | heard about this fledge
redcap who discovered his changeling nature by devouring
five suitcases of his Black Dog game cards in one slurp, but
that's another story. Some never get through this painful,
torturous first step to the state of self-realization. There are
those changelings who either retreat further into their banal,
mundane states, or they embrace Banality and become
Dauntain. Those who become Dauntain, thank goodness, are
very rare. Others may experience a mini-Chrysalis, and reject
it — or are never discovered by other Kithain — and return
to their mundane states, only to re-experience the Chrysalis
again much later in life.

In the majority of Kithain, the human psyche over-
whelms the changeling spirit at around six to eight years of
age, if it has not already emerged. Kids stop talking to their
imaginary friends and start paying more attention to the
mundane world. T are taught that the world is round,
dragons don't exist, and that elves and dwarves are fine for
Saturday-morning cartoons but not as confidantes. The sti-
fling press of this world is too much for the changeling spirit,
and she turns her back on the Dreaming. During this time the
Kithain soul protects itself from the banal world by wrapping
itself up within a cocoon of Glamour. This protection lasts
until a later point in the changeling's life.

Eventually, the Kithain soul begins to slough off its
outer, mushy, banal shell. A Kithain soul senses certain
changes in the environment and reacts to them by emerging
from its protective shell. No one really knows or remembers
exactly why or when the Kithain soul chooses to break out of
its shell. Sidhe are more recent arrivals than most of us, but
they lose all recollection of everything up until their Chrysa-
lis. Sidhe also do not "exist" with their mortal halves, but
rather they "replace" the mortal soul with themselves. Theft,
you say? Well, don't let a sidhe hear you say that.... Also,
sidhe do not return to this world as commoners do. Once they
die, that is the end, at least as far as we know.

With the exception of the sidhe, and even with some of
them, there are certain physical and psychological phases
that occur before a Chrysalis.

Chapzer Lour: The Clays of Glamour


% \

*

Changeling File # 4706840704343344B
Evidence # 2065-Apples

— From the files of Dr. Alfred A. Jheredhy, Ph.D., M.D.
Dear Dr. Stark,

é
‘
"sg

i
=

- x

The enclosed letter and liquid residue (no evaporation, though it was sealed at the time) were found in an
alleyway beside a satchel near Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, MD. There were acid burns and odd /
scratches on the satchel, which had been ripped open and the letter tossed aside. The letter was also badly

damaged, and in some places illegible. Scattered among the debris were a large number of rat and toad carcasses
with no discernible cause of death.

ZA

Ihave attached this file along with my others concerning these beings who call themselves the Kithain, or
changelings. It seems that this phenomenon is more widespread than I had ori ginally thought. I hope they prove
to be of some use to you in your studies. I look forward to meeting you again at the upcoming conference.

C
Alfred Jeredhy

Alveal.

May Ht Please Your
oval Her Royal
thiaw nine fords You aw good
l 4, the remlln ane prom
They ane general good 10 '
pro dovliy they willerbance
(- saa y yor, homer | 4 Whee tier
I, indeed be on the same
fe gre ite ny wen abohente oun per id (one of my flows cap Tan th
Powe meared ont Lnicka tunved a honey colon Aird yur Looked anouind conn 4 ,
ported to ey, ord the Highnerr forthwith). Several we rvaked vce the building pap bor thal
subrtance, which | will send Your ing fom nth | ase Undated We et TT fthembeingating
ged ame se antag trsvty srbdio read the Lint of Barely (\ hat 4
es Ate noralone. They Ligals hecaure while thein prone odd ntriganiththcnatrarye davies ;
fs lingering Se baile Clnypalia Le eaten anton apt, §
They were wmnilli ‘Le (thrill to the rorgol th Med with ansitticr, andthe
PS ice er cle as |
{ hope that few Hing mere sorbate code WHE AOMOMATS snl of poisorort
(Serer mere a rarer

; Lut we
iquine, Drall (Leiauell, Your Highnet AYN
; and thelraedterdol my tf
cord nego

. ‘ : mover. |
web {fear still tracking ovr

Prodigalrensegih intent i auld bolo

Lee


echargia, or Cxigency

Usually, there are one of two initial phases before the
Chrysalis. Either the changeling experiences an event so
traumatic that the fae soul stirs, or the mundane runs into a
banal brick wall in her life. She hits an emotional dead end,
which is more often experienced with grumps: Nothing else

to do but sit around in her boring little mechanized world and
punch time-cards.

I call this dead-end point "Lethargia."

Changelings in Lethargia are like "Heavy Sleepers"
without the massive Banality. These Kithain are changelings
in denial. They unconsciously reject anything that does not
fit in with their banal reality. These bozos laughingly refer to
the Dreaming or anything else supernatural as "New Age
nonsense," or "too silly." In a world in which vampires and
werewolves battle for everything from world domination to
control over TV networks, one might encounter situations
that defy a rational explanation. Lethargia changelings un-
consciously place safe barriers between themselves and the
Dreaming. A changeling in Lethargia may be talking on the
phone or placing ads in the local paper to sell his car while
doodling forests with scenes of strange animals and monsters.
Before he hangs up the phone, he balls up the paper and
throws it in the trash, not even glancing at it. Or he may pass
a street corner, and just barely fail to notice the sidhe in the
alley who just leapt up three stories to the roof of a house. He
is not quite capable of seeing the Dreaming, yet.

Still, the farther you run away from your Dan, the more
you run toward it. The Lethargia changeling eventually
either sinks into Banality or pops himself out of his stifling
conditions, right into the Onset phase.

Other changelings are not so cushioned from the nasty
reality of the Dreaming as are Lethargias. These changelings
y meet their Dan head-on ina sudden, shocking confrontation.

I call what these changelings experience the "Exigency"
phase, or "Oh, Shit!" To this day, I still don't know why so
many call upon excrement when they first encounter the
Dreaming. Perhaps a young kid glances from his daily dose of
afternoon cartoons to see a dozen fae knights galloping on
horses down the street. Or an old man who visits his departed
wife's grave and carries on one-way dialogues with her tomb-
4 stone... only this time, it answers. Or a gaggle of giggly
teenagers stop off at a Burger King. Across the aisle they see
a scraggly bum eating enough sandwiches for six. They all
listen to the slurpings and suckings and lampoon the feast,
poking fun at the codger until he snarls at them and proceeds
d to eat the tray. Then, the gigglies all stop, and the kids make
a quick exit. One of the kids lingers a bit longer than the rest,
and a knowing look passes between kid and bum. Before
shuffling out, the bum croaks: "Rest easy kid... if you can."

There are a million ways to encounter the Exigency.

One thing is for sure: if the changeling is shocked enough, or

&.

é


Palvaalroalvoatyon lk
RATRRATRRATATRAE

The Order of Citiechyia @ y

Some time ago the Parliament of Dreams gathered
to debate on more effective ways to rescue and help
changelings through their Chrysalis. There were rumors
of several supernatural forces who sought out these
vulnerable changelings for enslavement, study or just
plain dinner. After surprisingly little debate, the Parlia-
ment agreed to found an order whose sole purpose was
the search and protection of changelings in Chrysalis.

At this point, there was a disagreement along com-
monerand noble linesas to who should lead this order. The
commoners had lost several key measures at that time in
Parliament and chafed at the loss of another. The nobles,
while eager to embark on yet another quest for glory, were
damned if they were going to let some "base upstarts" order
them around — the debate dragged on. Finally, Queen
Mab was asked to arbitrate the debate, for the commoners
thought her exceedingly fair — as monarchs go. She ruled
that the group would be a loose-knit order, rather than a
more formal House, with its titular head a commoner.
Nobles who would join this order had to consider all
memebers as equals in the task of finding Chrysalids.
Commoners would be enjoined to show all nobles cour-
tesy. (Even so, a sizable element of the noble faction —
notably the Beltaine Blade — decried this ruling as an-
other example of the upstart commoners once again
"spoiling the spring water.")

While there have been some disagreements along noble/
commoner lines, members of the order work surprisingly well
together. Necessity dictates this: a changeling in Chrysalis
can be exceedingly dangerous. Riots among mortals have
been known to break out near a Chrysalis. A changeling near
a Chrysalis may find the power of her cantrips increased, or
she may find her own cantrips operating against her. Change-

lings working together to secure the safety of a Chrysalid
cannot afford the time to argue over noblesse oblige. There are
also the dangers of predators about. While the members of
the order record all encounters they have, the list is by no
means complete. Some of their encounters so far include:

© Mages looking for a quick fix of "something" (it
is not understood what).

¢ Vampires who have a sweet tooth for fae blood.
(The Order has noted that, for some reason Malkavian
vampires seem to he attracted to Chrysalides.)

© The Nunnehi, in a pre-emptive strike to kill
more "foreigners."

© The Inanimae, for unknown reasons.

¢ Humans, out of curiosity.

¢ Pentex (and the Hidden Ones), for experimen-
tation and study.

© More rarely, Dauntain, for either the attempted
conversion or destruction of the Chrysalid.

Members conducting business for the order are
often treated with honor (+ 2 dice for court interactions
or requests of noble favor) at various courts, although
this varies from noble to noble.

The Crystal Circle also looks well upon the order.
Sometimes, a Crystal Circle member will spearhead an
important mission of the order. Some Circle members
view their roles in naming new changelings as a duty
that extends to protecting a changelings' entry into the
Dreaming. A few Circle members are also members of
the order.

The order's worst enemies are the Monkey's Paw,
the Beltaine Blade ("commoners and nobles shouldn't
mix") and some unaffiliated Unseelie.

bored enough he lurches on to the groggy half-awake state
that | call the "Onset" phase.

Onset

At this point the changeling begins to experience life

differently. The Dreaming seeps into her life like water into
a leaky ship. Almost in slow motion, the house of cards she
calls her life begins to fall. She is troubled by things she has
always seen, because now they are just a little different, in an
unfathomable way. That bank she passes every day looks like
adungeon forasecond. She looks closely and decides that she
was wrong. She's tired, maybe she needs a new prescription
for her glasses. A chemist notices that his glass test tubes are
breaking a lot more than they should. A youngster occasion-
ally has an out-of-body experience where he finds himself in
the woods and his feet look like cloven hooves.

164 The Changeling Players Guide

A key scene from Time Bandits is another example: a
knight appears in Kevin's bedroom and gallops from his
chiffarobe to beyond his wall, only to completely disappear
before Dad shows up. There's no proof once the lights are on.
The dwarves haven't shown up yet, but they're on their way.

A changeling in Onset has a foot in both worlds. By now
he probably notices that "something is amiss," but he will not
consciously accept the inevitable. It's almost funny to watch
these poor changelings try to cling to the tatters of their
mundane existences.

Slowly, like a swimmer coming to the surface, the
changeling's true nature begins to emerge. Racial character-
istics of the Kithain play a game of hide-n-seck with the
character's psyche. She may briefly notice them on herself, or
she may notice them on other people, but never for any
continual period of time. The physical elements of the

Co <_ 5


Kithain are the most obvious differences between fae and
human, so it's understandable that an Onset changeling
would notice these things first. While brushing her teeth, she
might notice that her jaw was a little larger than she remem-
bered it to be. In shock, she drops the toothbrush. When she
looks again, her jaw is the way it's "supposed to be." While
walking in a crowd, she might see a pair of rabbit ears peeking
out atop the sea of bobbing heads. She blinks, and they're
gone.

Personality quirks among the fae also subtly surface here.
Some of these changes can be quite dramatic, and short-lived.
A sidhe undergoing Onset may finally stand up to her abusive
husband, and he cringes, as if struck... but just as suddenly,
she loses her resolve. The computer nerd, who never really
liked the sun anyway, suddenly realizes that a lot more quality
time could be had in his nice, dank cellar than in front of a
computer screen — then he shakes his head and wonders why
he has been squatting in the dark for the past several hours.
Of course, mortals will sometimes notice the psychological
changes. If they point them out, the changeling will, usually,
vehemently deny the behavior, or they might seek therapy.

Manifestations of Glamour are rare at this stage, but they
do sometimes happen. Occasionally a changeling undergoing
the Onset will unconsciously cast a cantrip, though these are
more like a virtuoso clearing her throat than a full-belted aria.
Items from stores reappearing in the changeling's pocket that
the changeling never even touched — that sort of thing.
Occasionally, a changeling's anxiety will spawn a chimera or
a nervosa during this period.

The biggest danger is that a changeling undergoing
Onset will be detected by others besides changelings. This
instance is similar to the bird's egg that nearly hatches, but it
knocks itself out of the nest in its initial struggles. The egg
usually falls to the ground, and if it doesn't break, some frog
or fox eats it. I hear the Hidden Ones love to experiment with
changelings, and I don't want to even think about what kind
of kicks vampires get out of these Kithain.

Assuming a changeling survives past the Onset, a little
time usually passes before she moves onto the next phase —
usually no more than a week. Oftentimes, a pre-Chrysalis
changeling will spend most of her time sleeping or resting.
She is gathering herself, saving her resources and energy for
that last, final push: the drawing of the final curtain between
herself and the Dreaming.

Cncering Chrysalis

The Onset was the first tiny step; the big clodhopper is
the Chrysalis, or the Dream Dance. The changeling makes
his first, conscious realization of self. The last elements of his

prior mundane world are stripped away as the changeling
reveals himself. The transformation is quite dramatic; only
the most banal of humans fail to notice that something weird
is going on. A changeling undergoing Chrysalis fully per-
ceives the Dreaming for the first time. The shock of realization

creates a temporary bridge between the changeling and the
Near Dreaming. Some seers suggest that a Chrysalid change-
ling near a trod could actually act as a "slingshot" to propel a
user of Dream-Craft very close to Arcadia. It's an interesting
theory — there have been cases of mortals and fae slipping
into the Near Dreaming during a Chrysalis, but the few
foolish seers who attempted to use a Chrysalid to launch
themselves were never heard from again — in or out of the
Dreaming.

The circuit between the changeling and the Dreaming
is two-way, however: chimera who were strangely attracted to
the changeling, as well as nervosa of the changeling's own
making, can show up to this powerful event. The Banality of
all people in the immediate area is lowered. During special
cyclical occurrences (full moons, Kithain holidays or astro-
logical events), the Banality can be even lower, and chimera
may run wild in the streets. It is said that Mardi Gras
celebrations in New Orleans and Paris are often accompanied
by changelings undergoing Chrysalis.

The Chrysalis affects physical surroundings as well.
Generally, the setting of the event tends to conform to the
equivalent locale of the Near Dreaming, but this isn't always
the case. The state of mind of the changeling in Chrysalis is
important. A Chrysalid who spent her life as an "Army brat,"
shunted from base to base, might re-invent her surroundings
as a bunch of closely ordered, featureless, wood buildings with
wild swathes of red, white and blue patterns floating in the air.
An advertising executive may suddenly conjure up several
large, nightmarishly elongated Marlboro Men with atten-
dant horses, prairie and rows of giant vertical cigarettes.
Dream Dances do not have to be so literal. The possibilities
are endless: grasshoppers with human heads, tiny killer cars,
or anything else in or out of the imagination.

Regardless of the form it takes, the Dream Dance is
immediately preceded by a psychic "wave" of Glamour,
washing ovr everything and everyone. The intrepid members
of the Order must act quickly, for pandemonium will run riot
after the wave is felt. The last thing you want to do toa Dream
Dancer is touch or alarm her in any way. A careful, cautious
approach is necessary. Anything that alarms the Dream
Dancer could set off an avalanche of Glamour. Kind words
and quiet assurances of your wish to help is the best way to
communicate with a Kithain in Chrysalis.

Finally, and most important — be wary of using cantrips.
Glamour runs riot during this time, and the changeling in
Chrysalis often will cast uncontrolled cantrips well beyond
her power under normal circumstances. Even your own
Cantrips may go haywire, refuse to function or turn against
you!

The Dream Dance abates the moment the changeling
accepts her identity and calms down. At this point, she can
assist in the control of her own created chimera (and if she
doesn't, it may well suggest that she is Unseelie), and things

Chapter Lour: The Clays of Glamour 165


start to settle down. Okay, folks, break it up; Mardi Gras is
over, go back to sleep — which is what usually happens. The
Burgesses run home, lock the doors, hide in their beds or
closets, and by the morning, the Mists fog their brains, and
they have forgotten all of last night's chaos.

Lostering

If all went well and the Kithain is brought to a freehold
alive, she is brought before the ruling lord, who hears the
evidence of her kith from witnesses. It is usually a short
meeting, because a Chrysalis is pretty hard to fake. Now,
there was a crazy magician who tried once, and he even fooled
the noble, but his insanity betrayed him, and the fae threw
him out with a few nasty cantrips for good measure. Still, he
had to know an awful lot about Kithain society to pull off such
a clever deception.

Once the lord makes his ruling, he determines the
"guardian" best for the fledge. Admittedly, this decision is
often subject to the whim of the lord, and sometimes is
decidedly reune (well before the meeting even began). There
are unfortunate tales of guardians saddled with fledges as a
form of power-play or humility lesson on the new guardian.
On the other hand, a lord could gift a promising young fledge
to a guardian as a means of expressing favor.

In such cases, the fledge-guardian relationship is often
not a good one. Resentment can build between two parties if
a hidden agenda forced them together. How do you think it
would feel, for example, to be forced to be a mentor? What
goes on ina fledge's mind when he finds out that his guardian
was handed him as a form of punishment? I've also seen
fledges act spoiled as tomatoes if they find out that they were
a "gift" bestowed upon the guardian — "You better treat me
nicely, or I'll tell the whole court how you mistreat your prize
fledge."

Commoner fledges often do not play this type of game,
because most do not have the power. A fledge is given to a
guardian, the guardian teaches the fledge the basics of sur-
vival — end of story. In the past, nobles used to name
guardians for both commoner and noble fledges. This is no
longer the case. Many motley groups do not take a new-found
fledge to a noble freehold, preferring to protect and teach the
young fledge themselves.

The guardian acts as mentor and a sort of older sibling to
the fledge. Even though the fledge is considered a part of the
family and may inherit the guardian's property, the individu-
ality of the fledge is respected. Fledge and guardian may even
end up in different Courts.

With grump fledges, the situation is slightly different.
Grumps have a bit more maturity under their belts and are
allowed more freedom of movement. They do not need to be

mollycoddled and suckled like you youngsters — sit down, Bodi!


J ISIAN AAAS
AV RAL

Saining

After a waiting period of watchful guardianship —
traditionally a year and a day — the fletch is Sained, or
named. Before the Saining, a fletch is fae and has all the
distinguishing characteristics of Kithain (physical features,
cantrips, etc.), but a True Name is necessary for the fae to
grow as a changeling. A Kithain without his True Name has
lost himself. Stuck in his level of growth and unable to
progress (i.e., no more experience), a fae who has lost his True
Name — due to a malefic namer, stupidity or a broken oath
—isasad thing. At this point, the changeling could under-

take aquest to regain his True Name, or be "re-named" (Level
Five Naming, see Chapter Five) by a powerful seer.

Traditionally, a court seer performed the Saining ritual
after a year and a day (sidhe Saining rituals still follow this
custom). A few commoners are familiar with the Naming Art
and have undertaken this ritual themselves. However, since
their return, the sidhe have tried to keep this Art within their
bounds. Personally, I don't see why — the commoners have just
as much right to it as they. When the sidhe were forced off this
plane, most of the seers went with them. Someone had to Sain
the newarrivals. | don't see why so many nobles bellyache about
this.... Yes, Bodi, you can tell anyone you like that I said so!
And by the way, how would you like to spend the rest of your
life as a pig pooka? Oh, you don't think I can do that, hmm?
Keep riding me, boy, and they'll start calling you "Porky." The
Kithain who use the Naming Art refer to themselves as namers,
to delineate themselves from the noble's seers.

A noble sidhe's Saining, includes the Fior-Reigh — a
test of valor and bravery — to determine her worthiness

among the sidhe, and what House she belongs to. There are
many different tests, subject to the whim of the ruling nobles.
Many of these tests takes the form of a geas of some sort.

‘True Names

A namer or wielder of supernatural powers has a great
advantage if he knows the target's True Name. Aside from
any of the uses above, a person intuitively knows when his
name is in the hands of another. He will instinctively defer to
that person. This "shrinking" effect explains why the wizard
Merlin carried an "aura of power " about him — perhaps he
knew many of the True Names of the company he kept. The
greatest power of True Name lies in its withheld usage. There
is a widely held belief among the fae that the more times a
True Name is spoken, the lesser the potential ability of the
named. A True Name spoken aloud tends to diminish the
stature of the owner in some unexplained manner.

The greatest fae seers recorded are those who knew their
True Name at birth (it is said that these enlightened souls
were fully aware at birth and even retained fragmentary
memories of their experiences in Arcadia) and never under-
went a Saining. Thus, the name of the seer remained a
mystery to all but himself. There are certain rituals guarding
against the theft of a True Name, but the whether these
rituals work is anyone's guess.

True Names are also purported to summon the spirits of
the dead. If you know the wraith's True Name, you can force
her to manifest in a circle. Of course, this is mere speculation.



The following section details several new Arts that are
available to changeling characters. Storytellers may wish to
examine these Arts closely before allowing players to take
them. The Art of Naming is jealously guarded by the nobility,
and only rarely falls into the hands of the common folk, while
Spirit Link is considered a sacred Art of the Nunnehi and is
known to few, if any, of the European Kithain.

yrecics

Half a million years ago, mortals discovered the lure and
beauty of fire. The fae have been playing with its beautiful
might for considerably longer. They can control the powers
of the will-o'-the-wisp and create servants of living fire. This
Art uses Glamour to weave and shape flame into pleasing
shapes and effects.

Attribute: Dexterity

@ Uill-O-che-Uisp

This cantrip creates a ball of chimerical flame that will
lead its creator to a specific place, person or object. This

cantrip is often used as the "lead dog" in a hunt. The will-o'-
the-wisp tends to weave and wander a lot, often not taking
the most direct path but usually the safest.

Realms: The realm defines where or what you are being
led towards.

Actor — Describes whom you are hunting.

Fae — Describes whom you are hunting.

Nature — Describes what or whom you are hunting.

Prop — Describes what you are hunting.

Scene — Describes the location you are seeking.

Successes: The number of successes determines how
direct and safe a route the will-o'-the-wisp will take. One
success means that the route will be meandering and possibly
treacherous, while five successes indicates that it will follow
the most direct and safest route.

eK

I


ee Uillow Lighc

This cantrip will allow you to illuminate or cast auras of
light upon objects or places. With this cantrip you can cause
objects or people to glow, or even cause an entire place to
become lit with by this phosphorescence. This effect will last
for one hour for each point of Glamour spent on its creation.

Realms: The Realm determines what or where can be
illuminated.

Actor — Determines who can be illuminated.

Fae — Determines who can be illuminated.

Nature — Determines what or where can be illumi-
nated.

Prop — Determines what can be illuminated.

Scene — Determines where can be illuminated.

Successes: The number of successes determines how
bright the glow will be.

1 success — Dim light (Christmas tree light)

2 successes — Visible light (60 wart bulb)

3 successes — Bright light (100 watt bulb)

4 successes — Incandescent light (Halogen bulb)

5 successes — Blinding light (10,000 watt bulb)

@@@Promecheus [ist

This cantrip allows you to completely engulf an object in
flame. These objects will burn with tremendous heat, but will
not affect you or the object, though they will burn anything
else that they come into contact with. This cantrip is often
used to create flaming weapons, inflicting horriblewounds
upon the victim of such an attaek. These flames are not
flammable in that they will not actually eatch other materials
on fire, but they will cause chimerical burn-wounds. The
effect will last for one turn for each point of Glamour spent at
the time of casting.

Realms:

Actor — Describes who can be wreathed in flame.

Fae — Describes who can be wreathed in flame.

Nature — Describes what can be wreathed in flame.

Prop — Describes what can be wreathed in flame.

Scene — Describes a location or place that can be
engulfed in flame.

Successes: The number of successes determines the
intensity of the flame and how many extra dice of damage a
weapon will cause, or how much damage will be caused by
coming into contact with the flame.

1 success — One die of damage

2 successes— Two dice of damage

3 successes — Three dice of damage
4 successes— Four dice of damage

5 successes— Five dice of damage

@@@e@ burn and Boll

This cantrip allows you to engulf a chosen target in
searing fire, generally consuming the target within minutes or

even seconds. This flame become normal flame once it is
released, igniting and burning the target of the cantrip just as
normal flame would (see Fire, pg. 235 in Changeling: The
Dreaming).
Realms:
Actor — Describes who may be consumed by flames.
Fae — Describes who may be consumed by flames.
Nature — Describes what may be consumed by flames.
Prop — Describes what may be consumed by flames.
Scene — Describes a place that may be consumed by
flames.
Successes: The successes determine how many dice of
damage are caused by the effects of this cantrip.
1 Success — One Health Level
2 Successes — Two Health Levels
Three Health Levels
Four Health Levels
Five Health Levels

3 successes
4 Successes

5 Successes

@@S@@ Scar Body

By performing this cantrip, you can transform some-
thing into living flame, keeping all its intrinsic abilities and
powers intact —a cat will still be a cat, a sword will still be a
sword, a person will still be able to move about and think for
herselfpetc. This cantrip.is often uséd to create more formi-
dable freehold guardians and other beasts. Anything
considered part of an object or person will usually be trans-
formed as well, such as equipment, weapons, etc. As with
Prometheus' Fist, the fire created by this cantrip does not
harm the caster. The flame itself is magical, and will not ignite
other objects unless a creature so transformed desires to.
Creatures or objects so transformed inflict three extra Health
Levels of burning damage, in addition to any damage they
normally do.

Realms:

Actor — Describes who can be transformed.

Fae — Describes who can be transformed.

Nature — Describes what and where can be trans-
formed.

Prop — Describes what can be transformed.

Scene — Describes where things may be transformed.

Successes: The successes determine the length of time
that the target of the cantrip will remain transformed.

1 success — One turn

2 successes — One minute

3 successes — One hour
‘One day

5 successes — One week

4 successes


Naming

This is arare Art guarded jealous ong the court seers
and few commoner namers of the Crystal Circle. Rumor has
it that entrants into the Crystal Circle are all taught the
secrets of this Art upon their joining — a rumor that august
body has yet to deny or confirm. True Names hold the essence
of Glamour, as well as the ability to control the soul of the
being, if the namer is powerful enough. A powermongering
seer could well control the flux of power within a court by
injudicious use of the Naming Art. There have been a few
who tried, like the infamous Malachi Tadcaster. By altering
the True Name of Baron Scheiro, he caused that lofty noble
to be changed into a horse, which he rode into court. Not long
after, three mysterious sisters calling themselves the Norns
paid Malachi a visit. Malachi disappeared with them, and he
has never been heard from again. It should also be noted that
all written accounts of him have gradually faded as well, as
though scribed on goblin parchment. His name remains in
the spoken word alone, a caveat to injudicious name-users.

The Naming Art will not work against someone who
already knows your True Name. Your naming magic is useless
if someone knows your name and you don't know hers.

Beginning characters should not know the Naming Art,
as it is rarely known to any but members of the Crystal Circle
or high-ranking nobles.

Attribute: Intelligence

@Seck n Spell

Use of this cantrip allows you to see the meaning behind

any written text. Youcan read anything in any language, even
tracts written with magical wards on them (although the
magic of the ward will oppose the reader, as in the example
under Weaver Ward). A new cantrip must be cast for each
new tract read.

The subject matter of the text determines the Realm
that must be applied. A book of medieval weapons written in
Latin, for example, can be read by someone using the Prop
Realm. A Fae using the Nature Realm could decipher a
manuscript on the flora of South America.

Changelings unsure if they have the appropriate Realm
to use for this cantrip may make a Kenning + Perception roll
(usually Difficulty 7, with higher penalties for Wards, etc.) to
ken the general subject matter of the text.

‘ive: The Arcs


Realms:

Actor — You may decipher works about people or the
human condition.

Fae — You may read manuscripts dealing with fae or
magick.

Nature — You may decipher works dealing with nature
and natural objects.

Prop — You can translate works dealing with created
objects and machines.

Scene — You can decipher works describing places.

Successes: The number of successes indicate how much
information is gained from reading the tract.

1 success — Vague understanding with few clear details.

2 successes — Fairly clear understanding of the tract
with only a few details.

3 successes — Full understanding with all details coher-
ent.

4 successes — Complete understanding, as well as divin-
ing the subtext or any hidden meanings behind the text (any
coded information is also revealed).

5 successes — As above, and you can ask up to three
questions about the author of the text.

Rune unleashes the abstract mystical power behind the
symbols known as runes. You inscribe a symbol on the object you
wish to enchant, in addition to the chosen Bunk. This cantrip is an
enhancementtoothercantrips oractions. Forexample: Roderic the
troll wishes to use Rune to enhance the successes of attacking with
his battle-axe. He inscribes the appropriate rune on the axe, acts out
the Bunk, and gains three successes from the cantrip. Roderic now
has three additional successes on his axe-swing. However, the
character must be gain at least one success in whatever he is
attempting to do before these successes are added — this cantrip
does not provide an automatic success. The effect of the cantrip lasts
for one turn (the cantrip is used up, even if the axe-swing missed).

Realms: The Realm determines what is affected. For
example, a rune inscribed on an axe would aid a character in
hitting an opponent orarune inscribed ona wall could aid the
character in casting a Wayfare cantrip.

Actor — The rune may be placed on a person.

Fae — Describes the target of the cantrip.

Nature — Describes the target of the cantrip.

Prop — Describes the object of the cantrip.

Scene — Describes the setting of the cantrip.


Successes: The successes are added onto any successes
gained from when taking another action. The effect lasts one
turn.

@@@ Runic Circle

This cantrip inscribes a protective circle around the
target or on acharm that can be carried. The circle acts as an
invisible buffer that protects against supernatural forces. In
addition to the Bunk, you must inscribe a runic circle on
either the floor or an object (usually taking a full turn).

Realms: The realm determines where the cantrip is cast.
Each Realm has its own advantages and disadvantages; thus
while a Runic Circle cast in conjunction with Scene may
protect more people, it isnot mobile as one cast ona Prop would
be. A Prop may be stolen or dropped, though, unlike a Circle
cast on a person by using Actor — the possibilities are endless.

Actor — Describes the target of the cantrip.

Fae — Describes the target of the cantrip.

Nature — Describes the target of the cantrip.
Prop — Describes the object of the cantrip.
Scene — Describes the setting of the cantrip.

Successes: The number of successes determines the
protective strength of the Circle, which will protect the user
as long as she does not leave the circle or drop the charm.

| success — Protection against all Arts up to Level One.

2 successes — Protection against all Arts up to Level
Two/all Sphere magick up to Level One.

3} successes — Protection against all Arts up to Level
Three/Sphere magick up to Level Two/all other supernatural
abilities (Gifts, Disciplines, etc.) up to Level One.

4 successes — Protection against all Arts up to Level
Four/Sphere magick up to Level Three/all other abilities up
to Level Two.

5 successes — Protection against all Arts up to Level
Five/Sphere magick up to Level Four/all other abilities up to
Level Three.

@SSe@ Saining

Use of this cantrip allows the namer to find the True
Name of the target. This cantrip is most often used in the
Saining ritual ofa newly awakened kith, but it has other, more
nefarious uses. All things have a True Name, even a televi-

sion or a car. Changelings who possess this ability can learn
the True Name of anything they use this cantrip upon, thus
giving them some control over the object or person, espe-
cially if they possess the highest level of this Art, Reweaving.

To find out how many letters are in a name, consult the
chart below:

Roll (2D10) # of Letters

2 3

3-5 4

Realms: The realm determines who or what is affected.

Actor — Describes the target of the cantrip.

Fae — Describes the target of the cantrip.

Nature — Describes the target of the cantrip.

Prop — Describes the target of the cantrip.

Scene — Describes the target of the cantrip.

Successes: The number of successes determines how
many runes in a name are known. A name cannot be used
until all of the letters are known.

1 success — 1 letter

2 successes — 2 letters

3 successes — 4 letters

4 successes — 5 letters

5 successes — 7 letters

@@eee Reweaving

By switching key runes in a target's True Name, the
namer can fundamentally (and permanently) change the
basic nature of the target. Seelie could become Unseelie,
Legacies could be changed, etc. Note that the user of this
cantrip cannot make a target do something impossible (i.e.,
a sluagh could be made into an elegant courtier, but still
unable to speak above a whisper). The True Name of the
target must be known before casting this cantrip.

This cantrip can be used to affect objects as well as
people. While generally only aperson's personality is changed
by the use of this cantrip, objects can be literally transformed:
a common stone may be transformed into a flower or a fish
transformed into sand. Even places can be changed through
the use of this awesome power.

Realms: The Realm determines who or what is affected.

Actor — Describes the target of the cantrip.

Fae — Describes the target of the cantrip.

Nature — Describes the target of the cantrip.

Prop — Describes the object of the cantrip.

Scene — Describes the target of the cantrip.

The number of successes describes how
drastic a change has been effected in the target.

Successes:

1 success — Minor change; tastes or habits. Stop a target
from chewing gum, or make a room less drafty. Change the
color of a room from red to green.

2 successes — Moderate change; interests or moods. A
raging tiger rolls over like a kitten, or a computer geek's interest
shifts to something more worthy (like roleplaying). Make a
pleasant, sunny room gloomy and filled with foreboding.

3 successes — Major change; inner nature. Switch
Courts, or get a gun to decide that its true calling is a
paperweight, not a weapon. Turn a bank into a Communist
collective.


4 successes — Total change; true calling. Change Lega-
cies to that of your choice, or cause gunpowder to be edible.
Turn a church into a bowling alley.

5 successes — Complete change; spiritual Twister. Cause
vampires to embark on Golconda, or simply gain Faith.
Switch stats on character sheets between Social and Mental
Attributes. Change wraiths to specters. Turn the White
House into a public lavatory.

SpIRIT Link

Our dreams are pale memories of themselves,

and nagging doubt is the false measure of our days.

Even so, the spirit voices are singing,

their thoughts are dancing in the dirty air.

Their feet touch the cement, the asphalt

delighting, still they weave dreams upon our

shadowed skulls, if we could listen.

If we could hear.

-Paula Gunn Allen, "Kopis'taya" (A Gathering of
Spirits)

Spirit Link is the Art of communicating with the spirits
that inhabit the Upper and Lower Worlds and reside in all
natural objects and animals. It is available only to Nunnehi
or those changelings who are deemed worthy to be taught the
Art. Nunnehi will only teach Spirit Link to non-Nunnehi if
that changeling is adopted by a Nunnehi Nation.

Attribute: Perception

@ World Sight

This cantrip allows you to perceive creatures, objects or
places in the Upper, Lower and Middle Worlds. When used in
connection with the Prop or Scene Realm, it allows you to look

in on an object or an area in the spirit worlds from afar. Places
in the Middle World can only be assessed when you are
physically present. You must either be familiar with the subject
or possess something that links her with the subject — such as
apiece of oran item belonging to the subject, the subject's spirit
(or true) name, or a symbol associated with the subject.

This cantrip does not allow sensory perceptions of the
Middle World like those able to be sensed with the Soothsay
cantrip Tattletale, but does allow the Nunnehi to assess the true
spirit of an object, person or place. Thus, by using World Sight,
you could tell that an object has a curse associated with it, or that
a person is actually a supernatural creature such as a vampire.

Possession by spirits can be revealed by this cantrip, as can the

inherent amount of Medicine or spirit power that exists ina place.
Realms: The Realm defines the subject or area being

glimpsed. Distance is not a factor for World Sight.

Actor — Defines the person or spirit being sensed.

Fae — Defines the changeling, other Nunnehi, chimeri-
cal creatures or other supernaturals such as Prodigals (vampires
and werewolves) and Gallain being sensed.

Nature — Defines the animal, plant, mineral or other
natural item being sensed.

Prop — Defines the manmade item or inanimate object
being sensed.

Scene — Defines the place in any of the three worlds
being sensed.

Successes: The number of successes determines how
much can be sensed by the use of the cantrip.

1 success — You gain a vague sense of the subject, usually
through a momentary vision. No other sense is involved.
Used to glimpse someone or something in the Middle World,
there is only asense of whether something is "wrong" with the
subject of the cantrip.

2 successes — You get a slightly distorted, though more
detailed, picture of the subject. Colors are muted or artificial,
sounds are muffled and indistinct, and you have no control over
point of view, which remains static. The effects last for about
five minutes. Used to view a subject in the Middle World, this
degree of success allows a hint about the subject's true nature
(i.e., "a dark shadow hangs over your uncle, like a curse...").

3 successes — Your World Sight is clear and distinct.
Colors are vivid and realistic, but sounds are still easily
misinterpreted, particularly in the case of overheard conver-
sations. The effect lasts for an entire scene. Danger to yourself
from the subject of the cantrip may be clearly perceived, as
can other strong emotions associated with the subject. Used
in connection with a target in the Middle World, three
successes allows a definitive (though not always specific)
determination about the subject to be made. For example,
youcan clearly "see" that Uncle Raging Bear is laboring under
acurse of bad luck, or that the mysterious stranger is actually
avampire, but cannot tell who placed the curse, how powerful
it is, or whether the vampire is a strong or weak one.

4 successes — You receive a full, distinct, multi-sensory
image of your subject. Normal sounds and conversation are
easy to interpret. The duration lasts for a full day and night
unless you decide to end it prematurely. You can sense
potential as well as actual danger from the subject. You can
alter your point of view in a limited fashion, but may not
follow ifthe subject moves out of your sight. When focused on
a subject in the Middle World, this level of success reveals
specific information about the person, place or thing sensed,
such as the nature of a curse and its relative strength or the
amount of Medicine possessed by someone.


5 successes — You receive the same richness of detail as
with four successes, but can also choose your point of view,
following the subject wherever it goes. The duration lasts
until you choose, or are forced by failing a Stamina + Athlet-
ics roll (difficulty 7), to end it. You may also alter your point
of view, enabling you to see through the eyes of your subject,
although you cannot read thoughts or hidden intentions. If
used to view someone or something in the Middle World, you
may gain exact information about supernatural or magical
effects surrounding your focus. You may determine that
someone is changing from one Camp to another, or that he

orshe is one of the changing breed ora worker of death magic.

@@ "\ncestor Speech

When using Ancestor Speech, you may contact the

spirit of one of your own or your tribe's ancestors. If the
ancestor in question was also Nunnehi, that spirit may not be
contacted unless the Nunnehi's immortal faerie soul was
those whose souls were not destroyed have since

are not available for consul-

tation. Human ancestors of your family line or mortal tribe
may be sought for and questioned. Ancestor spirits may only
answer questions pertaining to, or provide visions of, the past
up to the present moment. They have no knowledge of the
future, or even what is transpiring at the instant of contact.
y can be asked about events, places, people, customs,

rituals and objects that existed in the past, and can offer
advice when asked for it.

Such counsel is made only with the spirit's own beliefs
and perspectives in mind, never with any supernatural or
inside knowledge of what is to come or what the right course
of action is. Nevertheless, the wisdom of experience and
knowledge of the past can sometimes be quite helpful in
dealing with the present.

Realms: The Realm describes the subject of the cantrip.

Actor — Describes the ancestor chosen for contact.

s may be a specific individual, if known, or a general call
for a willing and helpful ancestor spirit.

Fae Describes the ancestor chosen for contact in
those instances involving the mortal spirit of a Nunnehi
whose faerie soul has been destroyed. This Realm is also used
to contact spirits of other supernatural creatures.

Nature Describes the natural thing or animal type
chosen for contact. These natural spirits must have been
associated with an ancestor at one time, such as his companion
spirit or his favorite shade tree. If the individual spirit is not
known, a general type may be selected. Thus, if the ancestor's
actual antelope companion spirit was not available, any ante-
lope may serve as a spirit conduit. Note: Spirits of animals,
plants and rocks are limited by their own perceptions and world
views in the amount of information they can impart.


Prop — Describes the item associated with the ancestor
chosen for contact. For example, "the sacred pipe that was
lost when my grandfather Eagle's Cry drowned in the river."
The item so contacted can answer questions about or provide
visions pertaining to its association with the ancestor.

Scene — Describes the place associated with ancestor
chosen for contact.

Successes: Successes indicate the degree of detail im-
parted by your subject.

1 success — You get minimal answers to your questions
and only general counsel.

2 successes — Your questions are answered incompletely
and advice is often cryptic.

3 successes — Your questions are clearly answered, but
the replies are subject to interpretation. Counsel is direct, but
not detailed.

4 successes — You get complete answers, clearly ex-
plained, and advice is straightforward and specific to the
situation. No other information is volunteered, however.
You get what you ask for.

5 successes — Not only are the questions answered and
counsel freely given, your subject takes the time to mention
aspects of the problem that you may not have considered, or
explores the possible courses of action open to you.

@@@ Vision Cuest

This cantrip allows you to gain a vision of the future or to
seek the answer to a current dilemma or problem. Unlike the
Augury cantrip, which allows the player to make a statement
that the Storyteller then tries to work into the plot, Vision
Quest enables the Storyteller to offer the Nunnehi character a
brief glimpse into the possible future that fate has in store. If the
answer to a question or way out of a dilemma is sought rather
than knowledge of the future, it is answered by your spirit totem
or associated spirits to the best of their ability. This does not
obligate the Storyteller to reveal all her secrets or to tell players
the complete answer to puzzles. Rather it allows her to reveal
hints, suggest methods for solving problems and warn of the
consequences of reckless or unconsidered behavior.

The Vision Quest is like experiencing a waking dream of
the Upper World. It is filled with omens and symbols that you
must interpret. Anything might be meaningful, from the
animals you see to colors, items noticed, sounds heard, the
direction of the wind or smells experienced. Visions in which
animals or inanimate objects talk to you are considered very
important; ones in which you encounters one of the major
spirits of her tribe (Raven, Coyote, Blue Corn Woman or
White Buffalo Woman, for example) are thought to be the
most important and meaningful of all.

Realms: The Realm indicates the primary focus of the
vision sought.

Actor — Indicates the person who is the subject of the
Vision Quest or for whom the quest is undertaken.

The Changeling Players Guide

Fae — Indicates the Nunnehi or other supernatural
creature who is the subject of the Vision Quest or for whom
the quest is undertaken.

Nature — Indicates the living thing or natural object
that is the focus of the Vision Quest.

Prop — Indicates the inanimate object that is the focus
of the Vision Quest.

Scene
Vision Quest.

Indicates the place that is the focus of the

Successes: Successes determine the depth and duration
of the vision and its ease of interpretation.

1 success — The vision received is momentary and
indistinct, like a dream not completely remembered and
quickly gone.

2 successes — The vision lasts for several minutes, but
what you see is often confusing and heavily veiled in symbols.

3 successes — The vision lasts for the equivalent of a
scene and resembles a fable or an allegory which you must
interpret.

4 successes — The vision lasts for up to several hours and
is richly detailed. Although it is filled with symbols, they are
usually able to be interpreted with a fair degree of accuracy.

5 successes — The vision lasts until it ends naturally or
until youchoose to end it. It is complex and complete, though
still conveyed through symbols, and may recur in parts when
actual circumstances relating to it begin to happen around
you.

eeee)PViacate

Placate allows you to contact the restless spirits of persons
or animals and make attempts to appease them, or induce them
to refrain from disturbing the living. Hungry or angry ghosts are
problems for many native tribes, and often a Nunnehi can act
as a liaison to discover ways in which the unhappy spirits may
be placated. The spirits of animals needlessly or mistakenly
killed, or those whose spirits were not properly petitioned for
their deaths or thanked afterwards, may also be contacted
through the use of Placate. In cases where a spirit's identity is
not known, something belonging to or a place important to it
may become the focus for this cantrip.

Placate does not give you actual power or control over
the spirit, but it does allow the living and the dead to
negotiate a settlement.

Realms: The Realm identifies the particular spirit or
spirits contacted through the cantrip.

Actor — Identifies the spirit to be placated.

Fae — Identifies the spirit of a supernatural creature
(including fae whose faerie souls have been destroyed) to be
placated.

Nature — Identifies the animal, plant or other natural
object whose spirit must be placated.


Prop — Identifies an object associated with the spirit to
be placated.

Scene — Identifies a place associated with the spirit to
be placated.

Successes: The number of successes indicates the will-
ingness of the spirit to allow you to appease it in some way and
the length of time in which it will remain placated.

1 success — The spirit grudgingly tells you what must be
done to appease it for a short time (one day).

2 successes — The spirit regards the offer without
hostility and may be appeased for up to a week.

3 successes — The spirit is willing to be placated for a
month.

4 successes — The spirit is anxious for appeasement, and
agrees to cease being a disturbance for at least a year.

5 successes — The spirit is completely satisfied and does
not again cause trouble unless it is once again offended.

@@ee Ghost Oance

This powerful cantrip allows you to assert actual control
over the spirits of the deceased. It can be used to command or
compel a ghost to cease troubling the living, banish it from a
particular place or object, or force it to return to the Lower
World if it has managed to cross into the Middle World. Used
with the Fae Realm, this cantrip can be used against vampires
and other monstrous beings. It is also believed that under certain
circumstances, a Nunnehi using this cantrip can actually raise
an army of ghost warriors to do battle for her, her Family or her
tribe. Attempting such a drastic use of this cantrip, however,
puts the Nunnehi's faerie self at risk. If such an attempt fails
catastrophically (a botch), the Nunnehi is drawn against her
will into the Lower World where she must battle the ghosts she
was trying to command. A Nunnehi who dies in this manner is
forever destroyed and becomes the ghost of her mortal self.

Realms: The Realm describes the person, creature,
thing or place affected by the cantrip.

Actor — Describes the human spirit who is the subject
of the cantrip.

Fae — Describes the supernatural creature who is the
subject of the cantrip.

Nature — Describes the animal, plant or other natural
spirit who is the subject of the cantrip.

Prop — Describes the object or item associated with the
subject of the cantrip (such as a bow haunted by the spirit of
a dead warrior).

Scene — Describes the place which is the subject of the
cantrip (for example, the clearing where a deer was wrong-
fully killed).

Successes: The number of successes indicates the degree
to which the spirits of the deceased can be controlled.

1 success — You can command a ghost to stop troubling
the living, but cannot make it leave unless it wishes to do so.

You cannot affect powerful spirits of the dead or supernatural
creatures.

2 successes — You can command a ghost to cease its
disturbance and leave the area for a short period of time
(regardless of whether or not it is appeased). Powerful spirits
of the dead or supernatural creatures such as vampires or
werewolves can be forced to leave an individual alone tempo-
rarily, but you cannot drive them away from the area.

3 successes — You can permanently banish a ghost from
an area or forbid it to trouble an individual. A powerful ghost
or a supernatural creature can be commanded to leave for a
short period of time.

4 successes — You can point the way to the Lower World
toa "lost" ghost (although you may not travel there yourself)
and force it to leave the Middle World entirely. You can
banish a supernatural creature from a specific area (such as a
clearing or a particular dwelling) of the Middle World.

5 successes — You can exert phenomenal control over
the spirits of the dead, compelling them to do what you tell
them, even to the extent of raising an army of spirit warriors
to do battle for you. The dangers of using this degree of power
to create an army are detailed in the description of the cantrip
above. You can control the actions of supernatural creatures
for a time lasting until the next sunrise or sunset, whichever
comes first at this level of success.

Bunks

Dyrecics Bunks
Level Bunk

Flick Your Bic: Light a lighter.

ee Burn Baby Burn: Perform an anachro
nistic dance.

Dragon Breath: Take a swig of alcohol
and spit it out while lighting it, creating a
ball of flame.

Insurance Nightmare: Burn a valuable
object.

Guy Fawkes: Sculpt a candle as a replica
of your target and burn it down to the stub.

Naming Bunks
Level Bunk

Laundry List: Tear up a list you used
within the past 24 hours.

Spin-off: Spin a coin on a wooden sur

face.


Magic Fingers: Paint your fingertips a
symbolic color and do not remove for 12
hours.

Ritual Garb: Wear a specially prepared
white robe inscribed with gold runes.
Glitter-rune: Smash a precious gemstone
on the floor and use all of the pieces to
make a runic symbol.

Nunnehi Bunks

Like other changelings, Nunnehi must perform specific
actions or Bunks in order to invoke their enchantments. Most
Nunnehi Bunks are drawn from tribal customs, although
some Bunks are more general. Even though all the Bunks are
not part of the culture of every tribe, there has been enough
sharing of customs and cultures that Nunnehi from Hopi
backgrounds (for example) may still use Bunks from an
Eastern woodlands tribe to power their magics. The following
list of Bunks is arranged by the Art to which they are most
closely affiliated, although any Bunk can be effective to
invoke the use of any Art. The Storyteller should feel free to
create additional Bunks for Nunnehi characters, but should
remember that Nunnehi must be able to sing, hum, shake a
rattle or dance to bring their magic into focus. New Bunks
should not interfere with this step, which the Nunnehi
consider vital to the success of their songs of power.

If the Bunk required to bring about the magic is already
achant or song, the Nunnehi may either add on another part
to the song (thus lengthening the time it takes to bring it into
effect), or can utilize a drum, rattle or dance.

Chicanery bunks
Level Bunk

Knot-tying: Fashion an elaborate knot
out of rope or twine.

Chant: Intone a tribal chant.

Mask Your Intentions: Wear a mask
made of feathers or other natural sub
stance.

Sing: Sing a song describing your inten
tions.

eeece Storytelling: Make up a story and tell it.

Legerdemain Bunks
Level

Bunk

Sign Language: Sign or mimic your in
tentions.

Weaving: Weave together several strands
of reeds, grasses or string


Make a Doll: Shape a doll from corn
husks, straw or grasses

Through the Hoop: Perform the steps of
a hoop dance.

Shapes in the Smoke: Inhale the fumes
from a smudge pot

Primal Bunks

Levet

Bunk

Mimic Nature's Voice: Imitate the call
of a bird or animal.

Drive Away the Foe: Shake a medicine
rattle.

Broken Arrow: Point an arrow at your
foe and break it.

Arrowhead: Carve an arrowhead from
flint or wood. Touch your finger to its tip
when you wish to enact the bunk.
Totem Carving: Fashion a totem figure
from wood.

Soochsay bunks

Level

Bunk

Gift of the Feather: Give your subject a
feather from a "lucky" bird.

Tomahawk Throw: Throw a tomahawk
in the direction of your foe. You need not
try to actually hit your foe.

Listen to the Wind: Cup your hand
around your ear and try to hear the sound
of the wind.

Read the Sands: Dribble colored sand
onto the ground and read the patterns
they form.

Ordeal: Hold your hand in an open flame
or perform some other test of your physi
cal mettle

Sovereign Bunks

Levelt

Bunk

Peace Pipe: Blow smoke from a peace
pipe towards your subject.

Announce Your Prowess: Boast about
your strongest talents.

Remember the Ancestors: Recite your
lineage as completely as possible.
Invoke the Spirits: Formally address the
spirits of the unseen world and ask their
blessing on your endeavor.

Potlatch: Offer your target something of
true value, by burying it near or in your
subject if your subject is a place or inani
mate thing.

Spiric Link Bunks

Level

Bunk

Whistle Song: Blow through a whistle
made from an eagle's (or other bird's) bone.
Pottery Craft: Fashion a statuette that
resembles or symbolizes your totem (or
your tribe's totem) out of colored clay.
Offering: Burn something that you value
(special clothing, a beloved toy, some
thing of beauty you crafted).

Medicine Bag: Reach into your medicine
bag and remove the first thing that comes
to hand. Break it and scatter the pieces,
or throw it away permanently.

Rattle the Bones: Cut fifty small plugs of
flesh from your arms or legs, let them dry,
and place them inside a rattle with sev
eral small animal bones. Shake the rattle
to enact your song of power.

(Uauyfare Bunks

Level

Bunk

Paint the Face: Ritually decorate your
face with paint.

Arrow Flight: Shoot an arrow in the
direction of the intended movement.
Rawhide Painting: Paint the scene you
envision on rawhide with natural dyes
and a feather.

Wings of the Eagle: Hold three eagle
feathers in each hand.

Fancy Dance: Execute the steps of an
intricate tribal dance.


ar =
. /
m2 |
ay
-
F os
3 =
7.
Pa .
r


The Norror of Loss

By Jennifer Narzshorn

When Changeling was first released, everyone who
worked on it knew it was something of a departure from the
other World of Darkness games. Certainly, every game is

different in its own way, but Changeling is, quite literally, a
whole other story. It's landscape is colorful, not the familiar
grey and decaying cityscape players have grown used to. Your
average changeling doesn't stand a chance in a combat
against your average Brujah, Akashic Brother or Get of
Fenris. Would gamers grown accustomed to angst and firefights
take to a game about Glamour? What, if anything, did
changelings have in common with the other denizens of the
World of Darkness?

Although it isn't readily apparent at first, the themes at
the core of Changeling are the same as those that draw many
people to roleplaying games. A large part of the whole in-
your-face, screw the world, bitter attitude reflected in the
"Gothic Punk" world can be traced back to the stories at the
heart of Changeling. Why are people so bitter? Why does the
world seem so damned dark? It is because somewhere along
the road from childhood, our innocence was crushed. Whether
it was the death ofa loved one, a betrayed trust or the so-called

"tight-sizing" that even gaming companies are facing, every-
one has had the experience of waking up one morning to find
the world a pretty unpleasant place.

After being hurt so many times, it's hard to keep dream-
ing. Why bother, when so many other things in your life have
turned out badly? If you care about a person, an idea or a
dream, you run the risk of getting hurt. A lot of the time it's
easier to lose yourself in the endless details and drudgery of
your work, or in a dream life online, in books, or in gaming
than to try to hold on to both your dreams and the realities of
day to day life.

The challenges changelings face are the ones that you
and I face everyday. I've seen friends and acquaintances drop
out of school, lose their jobs and break up with their lovers
when they let the balance between "fantasy" and "reality" tip
too far one way— and I've also seen brilliant, creative people
utterly dry up and blow away when they let the scale tip too
far in the other direction. Either one is a terrible loss. In
Changeling, these concepts are wrapped up in gamespeak,
but it isn't hard to see the origins of these ideas in the world
around us.

What's so dangerous about Bedlam? Ask the guy in the
computer lab who has been logged in for 14 hours straight on
a computer game like a MUSH. Ask someone who has just
come out of a weekend-long live-roleplaying game. Or a

Chapcer Six: Roleplaying 181


writer who has pulled three all-nighters in a row trying to get
just the right phrase. It's thrilling to get an intense creative
experience like that, and it'sa pretty addictive rush. But along
the way, we are often so swept up in "the moment" that we
forget certain necessities like food, drink and sleep.

What's so dangerous about Banality? Talk to your game
master from high school, who is now making a mint as an
accountant. When was the last time she read a book just for
fun, or saw a movie? She'll probably tell you that she doesn't
have time anymore. Even those of us who grew up with a
healthy fantasy life often lose it along the way, putting such
"childish" things aside for a mundane significant other, or for
that extra bit of overtime to put toward the kid's college fund.
Westop going to movies, and we often don't have time to read
‘Sust for fun" when there are so many other, more pressing
concerns.

Dreamers aren't only the artists and writers in society; as
any scholar of changeling lore could tell you, engineers,
scientists, athletes, and yes, even "suits" have dreams. And
without their dreams, there would never be anything new.
Yes, if you dream, it might not come true. But that doesn't
mean you should give it up. It's hard to hang on in the face of
disappointment, but you're up to the challenge. You have to
be.

So maybe changelings aren't on the run from Nexus
Crawlers. They don't have to choose sides in the Battle for
Reality, nor are they forced to live off the lifeforce of others.
The utterly terrifying thing that every changeling has to deal
with is the same that you and I have to deal with everyday.
The "tragedy" that forms the core of the World of Darkness
is the inability to dream, and the "horror" faced is the horror

of loss —the loss of innocence, as well as the loss of creativity.
The balance between fantasy and reality must be maintained
carefully, and to stray to far in either direction can be
decidedly unpleasant. Changelings have a few extra tricks —
cantrips and Birthrights go a long way sometimes in making

things easier for them. But you have something whose value
is without measure

Oh, Bou!
A\ Cars Eye shoocer!
By Sceve Nerman

Welcome to the summers of your childhood. The halcyon
days of running through the fields in search of the platoon of

your dreams.

illusory Stormtroopers. Of climbing trees and tea-parties.
Changeling allows us to return to those color-filled,
active days when we knew there were monsters, elves and
Klingons, and no amount of arguing by parents could con-
vince us otherwise. Thissense of wonder is the greatest gift a
child has, and we all have lost something when we discover

that the spaceships of our imaginations are nothing but
plastic and fibre-optics on a blue screen.

Yet, with all the information that pours across the eyes
and ears of children, they still do not lose this wonder easily.
I have heard a kindergartner explain quite reasonably that
the Power Rangers are in fact real, and that he knew this,
having seen them himself. | still sometimes wish I could still
see the elves that I knew lived in the woods behind my house.

Recently, | got together with some of my roleplaying
friends and pulled out some action figures and tried to play.
Just play, no paper or dice, or even a Storyteller, just us and
some toys. Somehow it wasn't fun. We could no longer create
jungles from houseplants or deserts from carpet. The magic
wasn't there. We decided to return to the security of the table
and character sheet and try again.

The game we played was Changeling. I was asked to
Storytell, and my friends took up some characters they had
played before. I don't know what it was, but that night we
broke through a barrier, and we were there again. We tran-
scended difficulty numbers and damage dice, and became the
kids who used to fight bug-eyed monsters in the back yard. It
took the more sophisticated tools for us to chip at the wall
around our childhood and let some of the magic back in. We
were kids again. We marveled at a pooka who showed us a
Wayne Gretsky rookie card, and tried to steal it for ourselves.
One of my friends swore he saw a purple Snozzwanger duck
into the alley, and most of the game was spent chasing it.

Even as our characters were Glamourous (as in filled
with Glamour), we felt wonderful again, as in filled with
wonder. Boy, it was a great feeling. In Changeling, more than
in any other view of the World of Darkness, we can return to
that blissful state, but this time empowered with mystical
abilities that affect all those slings and arrows of outrageous
fortune.

What better way to get back at the schoolyard bully than
for your Storyteller to put acharacter like him into your story,
and take a whack at him with Primal, or get him to forget his
own name with Chicanery. I think most of us have had
experience with such types, and would love to be able tostrike
back somehow. All roleplaying games are empowering de-
vices of one sort or another, and vents for parts of our psyche.
The Storyteller games are some of the most effective for this.
Through Vampire we discovered how to express the dark
feelings of horror at what monsters we could be in the wrong
or right situations. Through Werewolf we vented our inner
anger at not being able to affect our lives and losing our
connection to the natural world. Mage and Wraith both let
us seek answers and vent emotional plasma in other ways.
Now that we've been cleansed, let us return to our childhood
and clear ideas of honor, truth and beauty, because they're as
a simple as a boggan's promise.

In Changeling weean go find.the pot-of gold at the end
of the rainbow, or be-Burmese tiger-hunters with horse and
lance. If everyone else calls them bikesand hockey sticks, let


them. We know the truth — that the fierce tigers might
devour us, even if all our parents see are alley cats.

Roleplaying is the act of returning to the lost golden land
of imagination. With whatever traumas lay hidden within
our lives, there is always the time where we, alone or with
friends, went off into the landscape of the mind to rescue the
prince or princess, or stop the foul whomever from enacting
his or her plans.

Changeling is even more fun. You don't have to hide!
You can play a kid again; you don't have to pretend to be a
vampire, or paladin or Immortal God from Beyond Time. You
can be a kid, being a kid, but also being a paladin! If that isn't
the best of both worlds, don't ask me what is.

So strap on your chimerical sword, sharpen your ears and
hop on your bike. [ hear the duke is calling for warriors to help
slay the hordes of monsters outside Leary's candy shop, and

when we get tired of fighting, Aoibhell's promised to buy us

all some chocolate!

CUhy Ce Need
Changelings

By Richard Oansky

— For Angela Bourke, who Showed Me How the Magic
Worked

There's always something real behind a legend, particu-
larly a faerie legend. "Don't take every berry on the bush;
leave some for the faeries," warns one tale collected by the
Irish folklore expert Sean 6 hEochaidh. "Don't harvest too
much of the wrack (seaweed), lest the faeries make you pay for

"

it," demands another. " *t stay out on the faerie fort after

dark," instructs a third.

Of course, the first story really instructs its listeners to
leave some berries from which new bushes can grow. Take all
of the berries this year, and there'll be none the next. The
second is a simple lesson in ecological economics: don't take
more than your fair share, or there won't be enough for
anyone. The third is commonsensical: faerie forts were wild
places where the worst could — and often did — happen, and
at the hands of men or beasts, not sidhe lords.

The changeling legend has always been a way of taking
something wild, something that doesn't quite fit within the
boundaries of society and making it, in some way, palatable.
By putting the label "changeling" on even the oddest of
behaviors, we make them excusable in their own way. After
all, it's not the fault of the people involved; it's the fault of the
changelings. It's magic, and there's very little us mortals can
do about that.

In the strictest sense, a changeling is a faerie (ora faerie-
ensorcelled object) put in the place of a loved one. Common
targets for faerie thefts were defenseless babies, whom faeries
supposedly took back under their hills to bring vital new

Chapzer Si


blood into the thin veins of their old race. Mothers would
supposedly return home from working in the fields with their
husbands to find their bouncing, pink, healthy children
replaced with twisted grotesqueries or, even worse, glamoured
stumps of wood that slowly withered and died.

Of course, via the proper techniques, these changeling
babies could be re-exchanged for the original articles. Meth-
ods for doing so covered the gamut, from amusing to brutal.
The most benign involved tricking an aged faerie disguised as
aswaddling baby into revealing its true age by "brewing" beer
inside an eggshell in front of the abnormal "child." Cursed
with a lack of self- discipline, the elderly changeling would
admit his true age by announcing that as old as he was, he had
never seen beer brewed in an eggshell. Immediately thereaf-
ter, having blown his cover, the changeling would be swept
up the chimney by a mighty wind, and the original baby
would be found, safe and sound, on the doorstep.

At the other end of the spectrum was the custom of
"reddening the shovel." In certain cases, iron spades were
thrust into fires until they glowed red-hot, and then jabbed at
achangeling until, in fear, the faerie fled. It was agreed among
those folk victimized by changelings that a changeling should
never be harmed, for in the faerie sid (fortress), faeries were
watching the exorcism of the changeling and performing
upon the kidnapped baby the exact torments that were
visited upon the changeling. A changeling burned with a
reddened shovel would flee, but the baby returned would
have an identical burn.

Red-hot iron and tormented babies: changelings were
serious business.

Women were also often accused of being taken as
changelings. "Faerie wives" and changeling brides were whis-
pered of whenever a married woman started acting a bit more
independently than was her wont. Taking long walks alone,
venturing near faerie sids (places of notorious wildness, usu-
ally on the very borders of civilization) at sundown, growing
taller (perhaps attributably to standing up straighter?); these
were the signs that a dutiful wife had been taken by faeries,
perhaps to minister to a stolen child, and replaced by a faerie
wife. Brides, too, were often made changelings. Brides disap-
peared just before their weddings, to reappear disheveled and
breathless. They of course claimed that they'd been taken on
wild rides by faeries, thus defusing any more mundane suspi-
cions.

Before you laugh at the absurdity of it all, it should be
noted that it was not that long ago that a woman named Brigit
Cleary was burned and tortured to death by her husband on
suspicion of being a changeling. While few of her neighbors
actually helped in her final torment, most, including the
town's priest, were involved in some part of the ritual.

A woman murdered, possibly because she took long
walks alone along the route that the local egg-man (a hand-

some young man, supposedly) was known to take on his way

into town: changelings were serious business.


So, apart from blood and thunder, what does it all mean?
Why do we need changelings, particularly if the mere possi-
bility of their existence means reddened shovels and the like?
The answer is freedom. The changeling myth is a way to take
the unacceptable and make it permissible, even if doing so
casts it in the terms of the absurd or the unwanted.

Consider the changeling baby, then, and the legend that
one could prevent a baby from being taken for a changeling
by laying iron tongs across the child's cradle before leaving it
alone in a cottage. It would seem innocuous enough. How-
ever, the one thing to remember about iron fire tongs is that
they are heavy. Remembering to drag them across a cottage
each time a mother leaves also serves as a weighty reminder
to check on the child before she goes. The mention of the tongs
merely attaches a mnemonic to the idea of making certain
that the child is well before the mother leaves it alone.

Of course, a mother who can't remember to move the
tongs each time she leaves her child probably also doesn't
remember to check on her child all that often. If the child is
not looked after with all due diligence, it may fall ill. It may,
in clinical terms, "fail to thrive." It may no longer be the
healthy and cheerful baby that the mother wants to claim as
her own. In this case, suddenly, it's a changeling child. Rather
than accept responsibility for her child's failure to thrive, the
mother (or father) screams, "Changeling!" This takes the
unacceptable (her lack of concern as a parent, or merely the
idea that the baby isn't doing as well as she would hope one
of her blood would) and casts it in terms for which her society
won't castigate her. It's not her fault for not checking on the
baby often enough; it's the fault of those changelings. Bad
parenting is thus excused through invoking this myth of

something that starts where the acceptable stops.

The ritual casting out of the changeling, then, takes on
a new light. It is a symbolic end to the behavior that "in-
voked" the changeling. A parent whose child was "taken"
once is likely, in magical terms, to take the precaution of the
iron tongs with extreme caution and diligence from that
point forward. In real terms, then, our mother who slipped
once but now has "her" baby back (i-e., the child recovered
after receiving the attention necessary to banish the change-
ling "replacement") is going to pay much more attention to
that child in the future, rather than risk a second "kidnap-
ping."

Mind you, this is a particularly dark example. For one
perhaps less traumatic (and with apologies to the late Mrs.
Cleary), let us turn to the faerie wife. Consider her behaviors:
walking alone, going to wild places, showing more self-
assurance — if one didn't know better, it would almost sound
as if this "faerie woman" was becoming "liberated." One
might almost suspect her of having an affair...

So the label of faerie wife takes on a whole new meaning.
A husband learns that he is being cuckolded, but cannot take
the disgrace of having his entire village know of his embar-


¥,

-

:

¥

q

Ww,

oc

7

aoa

rassment. Either that, or perhaps he actually does love his
wife, and doesn't want to abandon her (as the code of the time
might well have demanded).

So, suddenly, the woman with the new spring in her step
isn't his wife any more. She's a changeling, a faerie wife. Her
sins are not his wife's sins — his real wife can't be held
accountable for what her faerie double has done. Rather than
being the laughingstock of his village, the husband is now
perceived as a victim. Look, see what the faeries have done to
poor Donall's marriage! Instead of being forced to throw off

his wife for adultery, he has a societally acceptable way of

taking her back even after she wanders, where a strict inter-
pretation of custom might demand that he not do so.

Similarly, many brides "kidnapped" by faeries just before
their weddings were no doubt out for final trysts with their
beaus, as opposed to the men they were being forced to marry.
Claiming that "a faerie rade took the bride" allows all involved
in the wedding to maintain face. The groom doesn't have to
spurn a bride no longer "pure"; the bride's father doesn't have
to take the disgrace of an unmarriageable daughter being tossed
back by her prospective husband; and the bride (definitely the
one with the short end of the stick here) gets at least one last
evening when the entertainment was of her choosing.

Again, the "banishment" ceremony serves as a ritual end
to this sort of behavior, an acceptance of what has gone before
and a silent agreement as to the fact that it will no longer
continue. The wife has had her adventures outside of society
and is now being brought back into it without stain. All that
has happened while the changeling dwelt in her place is
absolved.

So what does this really say about the changeling legend,
and a game about being a changeling? I prefer to look at it
from the perspective that, as destructive as its enforcement
might have been, the changeling myth allowed in some small
way for more personal freedom. It gave parents who perhaps
didn't quite know what they were doing a way to ask for help
with a task too big for them. It gave wives (and wives-to-be)
an escape from drudgery and boredom, usually without paying
the price that society would demand from them for that
freedom. It let people, just fora little while, step outside who
and what society said they had to be without being forever
locked out.

So take this chance and be a changeling. Try on a little
freedom. Strut your hairy satyr legs when you can, even
though your boss would never understand your wanting to see
him a befuddled victim of the Gift of Pan. Dream of nocker
magic the next time some computer salesman is telling you
faux-earnestly that you really need more RAM, VRAM,
ROM and SPAM. Play the redcap just to picture really
showing your anal-retentive professor what really biting
someone's head off in discussion would be like. Then, when
the fun is done, slide back into your normal skin and get on
with your life.

That's what being a changeling is all about, right?


The following errata is for The Autumn People. This
information was dropped from the text due to a printer error.

(Uedcrafc

The force of conformity and stasis is the force of the
Weaver. Lacking empathy for creativity, the forces of the
Weaver bind reality in her lifeless dehumanizing web. When
using this power, the character must roll Intelligence + Science.

@ Weave Wed

The caster can make a substance stronger. He has
focused his attention so thoroughly upon the substance that
its mundanity is enhanced. For each success, the substance
will either inflict an additional Health Level (if it can be
brandished as a weapon) or gain an extra Health Level (if it
cannot). The duration is one session. "Crushing mundanity"
takes on a whole new meaning.

@@ Overwhelming incing

The caster becomes painfully dull, and can cause one

target nearby to lose one Health Level from wincing and an
overwhelming headache. For each additional success, the
caster can affect one additional target. This is particularly
effective in board room meetings.

@e@e@ (arp Ul

The caster's activity is puts those around them through
a purgatory of boredom. For each success, the caster reduces
the temporary Willpower or Glamour of each person around
him by one. This may be used once per session.

@e@ee@ (end Your Way

The caster overcomplicates any one process so much
that others cannot figure out precisely what he is doing.
Anyone who studies what the individual is doing becomes so
easily distracted by more fascinating things (like trees and
rocks) increases his difficulty of each roll by one for each
success on the Tedium (up to a maximum of +3). For
instance, this can affect Tracking and Investigation rolls.

@eeee Cry Woof

The caster will summon a Weaver spirit. The entity level
of power of the spirit depends on the number of success
attained. For more details on Weaver spirits, see Werewolf:
The Apocalypse, Second Edition or Mage: The Ascension,
Second Edition. Examples include Paradox Spirits of the
Mind Sphere, Pattern Spiders and Nexus Crawlers. This is
extremely dangerous, and shows the inherently destructive
nature of following stasis.


The Kithain share the world with a host of other
supernatural creatures they call Prodigals, "lost children"
who have forgotten their faerie heritage. One notable
race of prodigals are the Garou, werewolves who use their
wisdom to protect the world. Changelings who deal with
the Changing Breed point out that some faerie myths are
quite similar to those of their lost brethren.

For instance, troubadors who tell tales about the
sundering of the Dreaming from the world describe all
of reality as a vast Tapestry. The Tapestry was once
beautiful and elaborate. It would have had no pattern at
allifall the threads were the same, so the fabric once had
a beautiful design, delicately balancing bright embroi-
dery against subtle backgrounds. Bright strands stretched
through dull cloth; thick homespun yarn intertwined
with slender silvery thread. Then the Dreaming was
sundered from the world, and patches of cloth were torn
from the Tapestry. People changed, the world grew, and
the Tapestry was ripped apart in the process. Many of
the brightest, "frivolous" patterns were rent from the
fabric, destroying the pattern of all things, and more
"reasonable" designs were sown in their place. The
truest and most beautiful threads were lost.

The Tapestry had to be fixed, so there were people
in the world who recklessly tried to mend it. They still
continue their work, patching the holes as quickly as
they can and using the cheapest thread they can afford.
Humankind has rewoven the Tapestry, but since they
cannot remember what it once looked like, the colorful
cloth is now a lifeless gray patchwork. The weavers of
the Tapestry have obscured the pattern, making it
harder to see the beauty that was once there. The
Autumn People and the Dauntain work with the weav-

The Cleaver and the Tapescry

ers by dyeing the cloth, tearing out old patches, and
weaving in patterns of their own choosing. The Tapes-
try is still here, but it isn't the same.

The werewolves have a similar myth about the
death of spirituality. Galliard storytellers speak of three
spiritual forces guiding all things: the Weaver, the
Wyrm and the Wyld. The Weaver is the force of stasis
and conformity; the Wyld is the force of creation and
energy; the Wyrm is the source of corruption and
destruction. The three forces were balanced until the
Weaver went insane and tried to bind the other two
into her lifeless web. The Wyrm responded by striking
out at all of creation to stop the Weaver from growing
too strong. As they fought, the Wyld began to die, and
spirituality began to fade from the world. The webs of
the Weaver grow strong as cold Reason and technology
become more prevalent; the wilderness of the Wyld is
driven out, and communion with the spirit world
becomes harder as the world dies.

Although changelings don't believe in the Weaver,
they're still familiar with its handiwork: Banality. The
two world views aren't the same, but they're close
enough for the changelings and the Changing Breed to
understand one another. The Garou try to heal the
world by striking out at the Wyrm and preventing its
corruption from spreading. The changelings instead try
to overcome the "weavers" by bringing magic and
imagination to the world, spreading what the Garou
call the force of the Wyld. Garou and Kithain see the
world in different ways, but according to the storytell-
ers, they are merely fighting on different fronts of the
same battle. The stories are different, but both myths
are interpretations of the same truth.

Powers of che
A\ucumn People

Though they have no inherent "powers" which allow
them to affect Kithain, other than causing them to gain
temporary Banality, some Autumn People are so mundane
that they can actually afflict harm on the fae. This is known
among Kithain as Berating Oration and is described below.

Beracing Oration

Autumn People are so enraptured by their dull and
lifeless world that they can actually inflict pain on people who
are attuned to creativity and energy. When engaged in

The Changeling Diayers Guide

prolonged confrontations with Kithain, they can actually
harm them with "illusory" emotional damage. Ifa changeling
chooses to heal these wounds with Glamour, the effect will
still be noticeable.

Ifa mortal has a Banality of 9, she can inflict chimerical
damage on a changeling through by declaiming a Berating
Oration. For the duration of one scene, the Autumn Person
must either:

a) carry out a senselessly mundane course of action with
the assistance of a changeling,

("Yes, let's burn these old toys. I don't know why I kept
them.")

b) critique the lifestyle of the changeling,

("Why are you dressed that way? Do you think it's Hallow-
een?"), or

c) confide the painful details of her life.


(Uhaz Oo the Numoders CDean?

If you're the sort of person who thinks that taking
on Banality is actually a good strategy for a changeling
to take, (after all, you can use it as protection from
cantrips and other fae attacks), the following guidelines
are provided to help you roleplay your character's slow
decline. Enjoy.

Banalicy of Live

For human adults, this is borderline insanity. Mor-
tals in this frame of mind may have invisible friends,
believe in elaborate conspiracy theories, live in elabo-
rate delusions, or fall prey to rampant paranoia and take
precautions against secret societies living in their midst.
Getting a job as an occult investigator for a tabloid
newspaper or selling bottles of holy water downtown in
your off-hours are two good career moves. Be careful,
though, or you'll wind up in an asylum. Briefly seeing
(and misunderstanding) elements of the Dreaming is a
faint possibility.

For human children, this is borderline maturity.
You can still grow up to be the President of the United
States, become an astronaut, or go to Harvard someday.
Being nine years old isn't really that bad, except when
you have to go to school.

Among the Kithain, this is the Banality of an ex-
tremely open-minded grump. Most grumps don't keep this
state of grace for long. Although this frame of mind is
extremely dull by faerie standards, the individual nonethe-
less believes himself to be a reincarnation of a being from
a magical race that regularly interacts with a dimension of
imaginary people and objects. He will not, however, play
Ring Around the Rosie without at least some prompting.

Banalizy of Six

In human society, this is the state of mind of a
creative artist. She is poised between the mundane con-
cerns of day-to-day life and the maddening call of her
muse. Maintaining this frame of mind can be difficult.
Under the right conditions, an artist can create beautiful
works of art and find truthful revelations. Seeing chimeri-
cal objects, however, is out of the question without
Enchantment.

Fora changeling that is slowly going mundane, there is
still hope at this stage. The changeling may feel the need to
spend more time around mundanes at this level of Banality.
She might hang out a lot atart school, beg for change on the
streets, follow a band or medieval recreation group across the
country, or just generally spending a great deal of time with
Glamorous mortals trying to induce Reverie. If she doesn't

act quickly, she may find her task slowly becoming more

difficult.
Banalicy of Seven

This is the state of mind of the average mortal:
practical, sensible and cautious. This type of person keeps
plenty of food in the fridge, cleans his apartment once a
week, and rarely stays up past midnight. For more inspira-
tion on this kind of behavior, watch an evening of prime
time television or spend an afternoon doing housework.

A changeling at this level of Banality will find the
concerns of the mundane world more pressing than the
needs of the Dreaming. Any call to adventure will require
him to first make cautious plans and question how it will
affect his mundane life. Any adventurous course of ac-
tion will seem somewhat foolish at first.

Unseelie are better able to resist Banality than
Seelie fae. One welcome distraction is the diversion of
the Shadow Court. Members of the court at this level
become more concerned with the trivial details of court
than the problems outside their social circle. They are
muckrakers who traffic in gossip and try to deny their own
Banality by rooting out despair and failure in those
around them. They also become powerful Ravagers, but
they play a dangerous game, risking their hearts and souls
for the sake of raw power.

Banalicy of Cighz

This is the frame of mind of a Heavy Sleeper or a
weak Autumn Person. The Comic Relief archetypes in
Chapter Three work best at this level of Banality. Truly
banal people resist despair and mistrust by becoming
obsessive and anal. Anyone who does not share these
traits isa threat to them. For further ideas, take Runcible's
advice and go out human-watching. See what happens
when you point and stare, or when you watch them
through binoculars.

Seelie handle this sickening of the spirit somewhat
differently. Arthur Fishlips, the character in Chapter One,
isan example of a Seelie fae with this degree of mundanity.
Tearing himself away from regret and despair is difficult,
although he is painfully aware of what is happening to him.
Finding the energy to go out and truly live becomes
difficult. It's so much safer to just stay at home. You still
trust the guidance of your friends, but you require their
leadership to help you clear the cobwebs from your mind.

Unseelie find other diversions as their hearts harden.
At this stage, mundane Unseelie either elevate themselves
to higher positions in the Shadow Court and increase their


F WU
v

WN YAIAKAAY,

addiction or tear themselves away from it completely.
Rogues who isolate themselves from the Court (or are
rejected from it) begin to spiral into epic feasts of Ravag-
ing in a desperate attempt to either stave off spiritual
decay or lessen the pain by inducing Bedlam.

The difficulty for any roll involving an Epiphany is
increased by one for characters who have achieved this
level of Banality.

Banalizy of Nine

This is the mental state of an Autumn Person.
Faeries find that prolonged exposure to this type of
individual can actually be physically painful. (One way
to represent this is by the system for "Berating Ora-
tions," described below.) For more ideas on how to be
truly banal, ride across the country ina bus for three days
while making 10 minute stops in small towns along the
way. (Legal considerations prevent me from naming a
suitable bus line for this enterprise, but the reader
should be able to find one.)

A changeling at this level of Banality will begin to
forget the more glamorous details of her past. As her
temporary Banality continues to increase, more and
more memories of her faerie life will disappear. The fae
will forget the names of kith allies and the location of
freeholds. Her kith seeming will almost exactly re-
semble her mundane seeming. Understanding or even
seeing elements of the Dreaming is difficult (+ 2 diffi-
culty to all Kenning and Gremayre rolls).

Banalicy of Ten

Humans at this state of Banality lose most of their
emotions. They are oblivious to the joys of life and gain
an inscrutable affinity to tedious things. Childhood has
been forgotten, love is an impossibility, and only the
stupor of intoxication can offer a temporary surcease
from the depths of his sorrow.

A changeling who gains 10 points of Permanent
Banality is in severe risk of being Undone. See page 33
for further details on this.

("Why did my father waste his life making these wooden toys

for me?").

Once the Oration is finished, the Storyteller rolls a

number of dice equal to the harassed or abused changeling's
Banality. (Being banal makes the fae more vulnerable.) For
each success, the changeling will take chimerical damage at

a rate of one point per turn at the end of the scene. The

changeling can flee at any point to avoid further damage, or:

190

a) undo the senselessly mundane action,

The Changeling Diayers Guide

(i.e., rescue the burning toys from the fire),

b) issue a retort to the critique and roll Glamour to resist,

("Yes! For me every day is Halloween!"), or

c) Enchant the Autumn Person.

("He made these toys because he loved you. Here. Take

them home with you.")

Use this power sparingly. Not every Autumn Person will
have this power, but an encounter with one who does can be

extremely dangerous for a banal changeling.


IAGERS
C5LINOG

Creatures of the Dreaming
We are creatures of dream. Without imagination... without passion... we are nothing.

_ dibeyRealmyofiDreams -
The Changeling Players\Guideyistamtessentialbreterenceytonplayers.and| Storytellers alike. By
expanding the possibilities Otine he, ancl inodnetng a wholenay cu tures the Changeling

Players Guide revealsiatontyotgnewspossiDilinesponcreativerOlepiay tigi il

4 0
=
b

E,
- 4

Herein you will Iearn nesses batvind dhe orighs of the oiae etih, Discover the 13 kith of

the Nunnehi NationsyDelveyintoytheysccrctsfort asy Anis, ancl epltore. AC egacies and

Backgrounds availablevtojall kathain A Fa ig
Thei@hangeling Felayers|Guiderncludes:

© Expanded rules for casting cantrips|— without cards; —

@ All-new Merits, Flaws, Legacies, and Abilities;
© Detailed information on playing Nunnehi characters — the Native American changelings.

ISBN 1-56504-701-X
WW 7100 $22.00

| | 52200
ADA

GAME STUDIO PRINTED IN CAN
