# File: Players Guide To The Changing Breeds.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

! = 3 ee = 5

Hf: The Apocalypse".


a tale of the Fera

"Did the Fera always hate us?" Cries-for-Justice asked
his mentor, the Galliard known as-Sarah Tells-che-Tales,
one night after most of the other members of the sept had
retired for the night. :

"That's a good question; child," the Galliard elder said.
"Most Garou just want to know about the Wars of Rage and
why we have so little contact with the other Changing
Breeds. Few ask if it was always that way. Sit now and hear
atale I know about atime when things were different, when
we almost had.a chance to dwell peacefully with the other
shapeshifters."

oe

Long ago and longer, before humans had becorie more
than a slight nuisarice, all the changing folk dwelled in their
own lands, each basking in their special place in Gaia's eyes.

The Mokolé lived in the swamplands and rivers, basking
in the sun's warmth and in the memories Gaia charged them
to hold. The oceans were the province of the Rokea,.and they
kept to. themselves, only occasionally coming ashore ro
reassure themselves that the land was inferior to their watery
homes. The Ratkin; drawn to humankind's nests even in

those days when human settlements were few and far be-
tween, practiced their methods of population control and
studied the ways of the hairless beings for future reference.

The Baster roamed the lands, each according to her
own preference, gathering secrets and seeking out knowl-
edge for its own sake. The Gurahl ranged throughout their
wicle tertitories, exercising their duties as protectors and
teachers. They, too, formed bonds with some human tribes
and used their influence to curb the excesses already begin-
ning to form among humankind. The Corax ranged the
skies Of both the physical and Umbral realms, keeping their
eyes open for juicy tidbits of information to share with one
another and, sometimes; with one or another of their
changing cousins.

The Nuwisha had not yer retreated into the U mbra and
they, too, roamed the lands they called their own, finding
deserts and plains particularly to their liking. W/henever
they encountered anyone besides themselves, whether hu-
man, beast or shapeshifter, they shared their love of laughter
and trickery —— though their jokes were not always appreci-
ated by their targets. The Nagah, proudand silent, kept their

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds


homes in thé great rivers, junglés and deserts of the world
and in: many other places to their liking. Judges of the
Changing Folk, they kept their own counsel, emerging only
when needed to settle a dispute. The enigmatic Ananasi,
watched the others from deep within their webs and kept
themselves apart from the rest. Some say they carried on
secret conversations with the Weaver and the Wyrm, but I
can't vouch for the truth or falsicy of thar.

And the Garou? Where were we in this distant age? We
were close to Gaia, as She wanted us to be. We ranged here
and there, doing Her bidding, protecting and defending Her
from any and all dangers.

In this time before time, oh beloved child, Gaia called
upon one of us to accomplish a great task for Her. The ages have
hidden the name ofthat Garou, but let uscall him Worldwalker,
for that is what he became. Worldwalker was young, like you,
and had yet to ptove himself to the other Garou. But when Gaia
summoned him, he answered Her eagerly.

Worldwalker bowed before Gaia -and paid Her the
respect She was due. "What do you want from me, Mother?"

Gaiasmiled at the young cub and Worldwalker fele Her
loving presence surround him. "I wish you to find something
for me," Gaia said. "On the other side of the world is a grear
treasure, the grearest gift in the world. wish you to find that
treasure and bring it to me. Will you do this?"

Worldwalker smiled, his heart bursting with pride thar
Gaia had chosen him over all the other Garou to find such
a great treasure.

"I will leave right away," he said, and with his words,
Worldwalker set off ro seek the greatest gift.

In those days, the world was always changing, forming
néw vistas and shifting its features. Mountains grew where
no mountains had been before, and rivers changed their
courses as they desired... The Gauntlet was-thin in most
places, since power still infused the air, the .water, the
ground and every living creature that walked or flew or
swam. Worldwalkeér traveled alone through this changing
world, glorying in his changing self and in the charge Gaia
had given him.

He walked for many days; traveling through fields and
forest, sometimes running alongside small streams as they
directed him on his quesr. "Go this way," the strearns trilled,
and Worldwalker went "this way." "Go that way," they
chortled, and again, Worldwalker héeded their counsel.

Eventually, the young Garou grew lonely, for Gaia's
quest had taken him far from his usual course of travel. "I
wish I _had-a companion," he said aloud to the air and the
spirits of the air that hovered invisibly around him.

"lL echoughe you'd never ask," a voice replied from behind
a bush full of thick leaves and blossoms. A minute later,.a
young coyote-girl trotred out of hiding and sat in front of
Worldwalker.

"My name is Laughing Dream," she ‘said, "and I have
been following you for three days now. W/hy don't I follow

you a little more closely? That way neither-of us will be
lonely for companionship."

Worldwalker thoughre fora moment then decided that
Gaia must have heard his wish. "Iam Worldwalker and Gaia
has asked me to travel to the ends of the earth to retrieve for
Her agreat treasure. I wouldn't mind some company, though,
and if you wish to travel with me, that would be all right."

-So Garou and Nuwisha set off together, sharing the
beauties of Gaia's creation and talking of matters that would
probably make up a story in and of itself.

Soon, however, they tired of each other's company.
@ecasionally, they would disagree about some trivial matter
and, since there was no one to settle their disputes, these
arguments would goon fordays. During one such argument,
when they rested near a river,.each sitting apart from the
other silenrly planning their next rebuttal, a soft voice from
nearby hissed ar them.

"The river-spirits havé carried news of your dispute to
me," the sibilant voice said. "1 can settle your dispute, if you
truly wish me to." A slender young snake-man rose up from
a rock beside the river. "I arn called Silent Striker, and will
cravel with you if you like so that your disputes can be settled
fairly, for that is what I do."

Worldwalker and Laughing Dream ‘were tired of their
frequent squabbling and welcomed Silent Striker, though
they sometimes felt uncomfortable in the presence of the
quiet young Nagah. Still, their quarrels grew less frequent
and only once did Laughing Dream attempt to play a trick
on Silent Striker. Only once!

Even three companions can grow tired of one another's
company, though, especially when one of the three rarely
speaks and simply watches the other two with snake-like
dispassion. To amuse himself, Worldwalker picked up some
brightly colored stones he found as the trio crossed a field
where many rocks broke through the earth to greet the sky.
As he walked along, he tossed the rocks into the sky and
tried to catch them as they fell back toward the earth. When
first one, then another rock failed to return tohis open palm,
and, indeed failed to return to earth at all, Worldwalker
finally looked up. Hovering above him was a large black
bird, with a bright colored stone grasped firmly iri each claw.
Laughing raucously, the raven landed in front of the trio and
revealed himself as a raven-child.

"ve been watching you try to make the rocks fly," he
said. "My name' is Sharp Eyes. Do you mind if I keep these
stones?"

Worldwalker looked at his companions. Laughing
Dream nodded and Silent Striker did not object. "Keep
them," said Worldwalker. "In fact, since youseem to have
nothing better to do, why don't you join us on our quest?"

JHe explained ro the Corax boy abour CGaia's greatest

treasure and Sharp Eyes readily agreed to join the group. "I
ean scout ahead for you," he offered, " my eyes rarely miss
anything of importance."

Wrorilchvalker''s Treasure: A Tale of the Fera


Worldwalker nodded. "Just remember, Gaia asked me
to bring the treasure to Her.

"We can't help but remember," Laughing Dream said
chidingly, her serious eyes belying the laughter in her voice.

Now numbering four, the group of changing children
set off once more toward the end of the earth. They hadn't
gone far before Sharp Eyes, who had been flying above them,
keeping watch for anything that might look interesting to
him or to his companions, gave a loud caw and landed in
front of the group.

"Something is following us," he said. "Something that
smells...curious."

Worldwalker sniffed the air just as the wind changed
and caught the scent of another predator. Moving swifter
than sound, he dashed into a copse of trees, where the scent
grew strongest. Suddenly, with a snarl, a figure dropped
down out of the trees and landed on Worldwalker's shoul-
ders. The Garou rolled backward, knocking the creature off
his back and, continuing his movement, pinned his attacker
to the ground. He found himself staring into a pair of bright
green lynx-eyes.

"Get off me, you big piece of fur and spit!" the lynx-girl
said. "Vm not going to hurt you. I was just curious."

Wolf Walker sensed that the Bastet was not going to
continue the fight and, remembering Gaia's rules about
honorable conduct, stood back and let the lynx-girl stand.
She brushed the dirt off her fur and looked at him quizzically.

"My name is Moondaughter," she said. "Where are you
going and why are so many of you traveling together?"

By this time, the others had joined Worldwalker, who
introduced his companions and explained to Moondaughter
the reason for his quest and his desire for companions.

"TLL come, too," she said. "You never know when a cat
may prove useful."

Worldwalker sighed, since he noticed that his compan-
ions were growing in number by leaps and bounds.

"Very well," he said. "But try to curb your curiosity. We
have work to do."

Soon after Moondaughter joined the travelers, she
heard a chittering sound as they approached a small human
settlement surrounded by gentle hills and small copses of
trees. Swift as lightning, the Bastet streaked up one of the
hills and into the trees.

Her companions heard the sounds of struggle and an
angry cry of surprise and pain. Worldwalker ran toward the
battle and found Moondaughter trapping a rat-boy between
herself and a tree.

"Fle was spying on us," she said, a note of defensiveness
in her voice.

"I was defending my territory," the rat-boy replied, his
voice shaking as he saw the Garou approach, followed
closely by the Nuwisha, Corax and Nagah.

"He speaks truly," Silent Striker whispered. "Let him
go, for now."

Moondaughrer released her hold on the Rarkin, who
stood his ground, casting his eyes furtively toward the
village.

"Don't worry, we're not interested in your human-
place," Sharp Eyes said, cawing scornfully. "We're on aquest
for Gaia."

"Gaia told me that a great treasure lay at the end of the
earth and asked me to bring it to Her," Worldwalker said. "I
agreed to let these others accompany me."

"A treasure?" the Ratkin asked. "Sounds interesting. [11
come along, too, if you don't mind. You might need my
expertise."

The rat-boy introduced himself as Scrounger and soon
learned the names of his new traveling companions. The
group continued walking. When they grew weary, they
stopped to rest wherever they were, hunted for food to suit
their tastes and regaled each other with stories of their
people until they grew tired enough to sleep.

One morning, they heard a low growl as they ap-
proached a range of high mountains. Before they could
react, a large shape came lumbering toward them from
behind a huge boulder.

"T greet you, wanderers," the bear-woman said. "My
name is Mountain Song and you have entered my territory.
What is your business here? If you do not come in harmony,
you will have to leave."

Worldwalker stepped forward and stared the Gurahlin
the eyes. "lam Worldwalker, and I travel to the end of the
earth to retrieve a great treasure at the request of Gaia. Let
us pass."

"Who are these who travel with you?" Mountain Song
asked, looking quizzically at the group of assorted
shapeshifters. Worldwalker introduced his companions to
the Gurahl.

"Looks like a large group to keep track of," Mountain
Song said. "Youw'll probably need someone like me around,
if you don't mind my joining." Worldwalker regarded the
Gurahl carefully. He had heard tales of the bear-folks' great
ferocity in battle and their secret knowledge of many heal-
ing ways.

"You may come along," he said. "So long as you realize
that the quest is mine."

Mountain Song nodded her head but said nothing as
she joined the growing company of changing folk.

>

Soon they came to a vast bayou, where they had to
move carefully to keep from sinking into the thick dark
water. Scrounger took the lead, skitrering from solid place to
solid place, testing each patch of apparent "ground" for
strength. Several times, he misjudged a likely path and
found himself breaking through the ground into the water.
The others followed cautiously, testing their own weight
and avoiding the places that could not even support the
slender Rackin. Only Sharp Eyes kept completely dry by
taking tothe air. Silent Striker, relaxing into his snake form,

Players Guide fo the Changing Breeds


merely slithered through land and water comfortably and
inconspicuously.

While they were still in the middle of the bayou, they
heard movement in the water. Along low form crawled up
onto a big patch of nearly dry ground and regarded the group
with eyes that seemed to see everything.

"Not many people come to my bayou," the alligaror-
man said. "This place belongs to me, Sun Bright Scales, and
my kind."

"And who are you?" Laughing Dream asked, her eyes
glimmering as she saw several possibilities to get the berrer
of the scaly créature that glowered at the group.

"Oh, no, you don't," the Mokolé said. "I know about
you; child, and all your kind. In fact, there's not much I don't
remember."

"Is that true?' Moondaughter said, finding the pause in
their journey provided her a convenient excuse for groom:
ing her disheveled coat. "You remember lots of things?"

"That is why Gaia created us," Sun Bright Scales said.
"We are Her memory."

"Tam Worldwalker," the Garou spoke up- He intro-
duced his other companions before he said, "I am going on
a quest to the end of the earth to find a great treasure that
Gaia wants. Do you remember what the treasure is?"

"Eimmm," mused the Mokolé. "Let me think on it while
Taccompany you on the rest of your journey. "TLL let you
know if] remember anything worthwhile about the treasure,
and in the meanwhile, (ll keep the record of your quest in
my mind so that it will never be forgotten."

"Yowl remember that it is my quest,.of course,'
Worldwalker.

"Of course," returned Sun Bright Scales.

Another day of traveling allowed the companions;now
eight in number, to reach the end of the bayou. Ahead of
them loomed a massive range of mountains, even taller than
the ones where they found Mountain Song.

=]

*

said

"Tt will take us forever to climb," said Worldwalker.
"Maybe there's another way around the mountains."

"L could fly over them," Sharp Eyes said, "but the rest of
you would have trouble and | couldn'r possibly carry any of
you, except, perhaps for Scrounger."

Silent Striker crawled up near the mountain and started
to climb. As soon as he had gained a few feet, he slid down
again. Several tries produced the same result.

"Its no ouse," he said. "The surface is too slick for
climbing. We must turn back."

"Nol? Worldwalker said, his refusal echoed by his other
companions. "We -can't give up."

"Perhaps lcan help," a quiet voice spoke.

"W7ho said thar, and where are you?" Mountain Song
askéd, looking around for any signs of dariger.

"Um right here," said the voice..The Gurahl looked
down at her feet and ‘saw first One, then another, then a

hundred, then many hundreds-of small spiders scurrying
toward one another, forming a pile of spiders that coalesced
into asleek spider-woman. "Lamcalled Aracha Darkdweller,"
she said, "and 1 know a way through the mountains, for they
are my home."

"Tf you know how to help us to the other side of the
mountains, we would welcoime your assistance," W'orldwalker
said. "We are on a quest for Gaia." This time, he did not
bother ro distinguish his part in the quest.

"Pll come with you, if you like," the Ananasi said. "You
never know when you might need a spider's help."

"You -are-not one of Gaia's- children,..are you?"
Moondaughter asked, fascinated with the spider-woman's
slinky presence.

"No," Sun Bright Séales answered for her. "Her mother
is a cousin. of sorts, though, .and she respects Gaia well
enough."

"That's so," Aracha said. She waited as one last spider
hurried up to-her and assimilated itself into the greater
whole.

Worldwalker shivered alittle, but agreed tro let the
Ananasi accompany them if she would guide rhem ro the
other side of the mountain.

Aracha léd the group toasmall cave opening inthe side
of the mountain. Worldwalker stepped inside right after the
spider-woman. Mountain. Song had to stoop to enter the
cave, but once inside, she cotild straighten up: "The others
followed and soon the company was traveling in darkness,
guided only by the sounds of one another's voices and the
soft-spoken directions of Aracha.

The journey seemed totake foréver, as journeys through
dark places usually do, but only a few days passéd before the
group saw a glimmer of lighr up ahead.

"The other side of the mountain," Atacha announced.

"Are -we getting -close to the end of the earth?"
Worldwalker asked, for he was beginning to wonder if his
quest would ever reach its destination.

Sun Bright Scales thought for a moment, and the
answer came to him. It didn't take him long at all, because
there wasn't as rouch to remember in those first times.

"We are a little more than halfway there," he said.

"Then now is the time of testing," Silent Striker offered
in his soft voice. "This is how it always is."

Juse chen, the group reached the end of the caves.
"Thank you for showing us the way through the mountains,"
Wrorldwalker said to Aracha. "Are you sure you want to go
with us?"

Aracha was quiet fora moment, thinking. "I am sure,"
she said. "It willserve more than one purpose." Worldwalker
waited to hear what the other purpose was, but Aracha said
no more and the Garou decided that no more information
would be forthcoming.-"Then let's go onward," he said,
thinking all the while about the tests that Silent Striker said
would be coming.

Whorvildwealkev's Treasure: A Tale of the Fera 5


The landscape changed around them as they traveled,
passing through fields, forests, deserts, swamps, great open
plains and stony mountain passes. Finally they came to a
body of water that was both deep and wide, so wide, in fact,
that even Sharp Eyes could not see the other side.

*Xhat is this?" W/orldwalker said, for he had never seen
so much water in one place.. He had seen many rivers and
lakes, but nothing to compare with this vastness.

"This is Sea," araspy voice said as a figure emerged from
the water and approached them. "And I. am-one of its
guardians." The newcomer scowled at the collection of
individuals standing before him.

"Who are you?" Laughing Dream asked, already fasci-
nated with the possibilities of playing tricks on such a dour
creature.

"Tl am Swims the Deep. My people are the Rokea." the
crearure said. "And if you aré not enemies of Sea, I will take
you across to the other side."

"We are not enemies of something so beautiful," Moun-
tain Song said. Silent Striker and Sun Bright Scales nodded
im agreement..Moondaughter and Laughing Dream looked
slightly dubious, but said nothing. Scrounger walked up to
the edge of the Sea and stared ar it. "It's very big," he said.
"T wouldn't want to be the enemy of Sea."

W orldwalkerstépped in front of his companions."There
areno enemies of Sea here," he said. "Please take us across.
We must reach the end of the earth, unless this place of
water is where we need to be."

Swims the Deep shook his head. "No, there is earth on
the orher side of Sea, so you have not reached your destina-
tion. Why do you travel to the end of che earth?"

Worldwalker explained his quest to Swims the Déep,
who listened carefully. "Well, perhaps I will just go with you
once we reach the other side. 1 do not often walk upon that
which is not Sea,.so rhis will be a time of learning for me."

"Waituntillrecurn rothe water, and then walkout into
Sea as far as you can go. I will be waiting for you." With those
words, Swims the Deep turned and ran into the Sea, catch-
ing a cresting wave and disappearing beneath its curve.

Worldwalker led the way, since it was his duty to be first
whenever he could, or so he thought. The others followed
with different degrees of eagerness. Shiveririg with distaste,
Moondaughter took a déep breath and marched toward the
water, followed by Laughing Dream, the last nwo to wet their
feet and fur in the ocean.

Sharp Eyes took to the air in raven-form,-as Bastet,
Ratkin and Nuwisha looked enviously up at him. When the
sea was nearly up to the waist of the tallest of the campan-
ions and to the neck of the shorrest, they sensed a huge
creature moving toward them.

"Should we-stand and. fight?" Worldwalker asked.
"Where is Swims the Deep?"

Sun Bright Scales considered the approaching figure.
"That is Swims the Deep in his shark-form," he said.

"Of Course Lam Swims the Deep," the Rokea replied.
"Climb onto my back or hang onto my fins," he said. "I will
take you across Sea."

The journey was long and many times, one or another
of the companions despaired of ever seeing the land again.
Finally, those who were holding onto the fins of their Rokea
guide felt solid ground beneath their feet.

"Flere we are," Swims the Deep said. "I have done what
I promised."

"For that, wé are grateful," Worldwalker said. "And you
may come with-us if you wish."

"Tam curious tosee what treasure you have been sent to
fetch," Swims the Deep said.

After drying themselves, the group continued on their
journey. Soon the land they traveled-through began. to
change. This change was not like any of the other changes.
Wherher they had walked through field or forest, desert or
swamp, they had always been surrounded by Gaia's beauty
and fecundicy, Her profusion of plants and animals, rocks
and rivers.

This new landscape was like none of those that had
gone before. They walked through a forest where trees were
twisted and blighted and the air smelled foul.-A.sluggish
black river filled with misshapen and dying fish and lined
with stinking reeds crawled through the forest. Even the
ground felt sick and broken, as if all that was green-and
growing had been leeched from itby some malicicus, linger-
ing presence.

"Is this the test you said was coming?" Worldwalker
asked Silent Striker.

The young snake man narrowed his eyes fora moment,
then nodded once. "I think... yes... that it is," he whispered.

Just then, the land beneath théir feet rose up ina mighty
convulsion, throwing the companions to the ground. A
gigantic chasm opened up as theearth split in two, dropping
everyone into a deep, dark pit.

A booming voice that seémed to come from every-
where and nowhere thundered out. "Youhave trespassed on
my master's lands.. Now you will die!"

Sharp: Eyes was the first to notice the earth. closing
above their heads. "We're going to be trapped umder the
earth," he cawed frantically.

"Quick, raven-friend," W/orldwalker cried. "Fly out of
the hole and let the rest of Gaia's children know of this place
so that if we die here, they can come and do what we could
not do."

With a-mixtute of relief and reluctance, the Corax
shifted to raven-form and streaked upward.

"Wait, lcan help!" Aracha said, shifting into the form
of a-giant spider. Quickly she spun a thick, strong cable of
webbing. "Take this in your beak and pull it upward. Anchor
itto atree and perhaps we canclimb to the surface before the
earth closes completely."

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds


Sharp Eyes paused in his flight and caught up the end
of Aracha's ropy web in his beak, doing as she instructed him
todo. Swiftly, che others grabbed the rope and clambered up
out of the pit, just before it crashed together.

"Where's -Aracha?" World Walker, who had waited
until last to climb up the rope, as befit the leader of a group,
asked. "I thought she went up before me?"

Everyone looked around, but no one could see her: "We
willhave to mourn her later," the Garou said. "We have an
enemy that seeks our death, one we cannot see or smell."

"How, then, can we defeat it?" Sun Bright Scales asked,
spoiling for something he could fight.

Moondaughter looked thoughrful fora momenc."Every-
thing has a weakness," she said, "and everything has a secret
flaw." Her face brightened suddenly. "It cannot be seen or
smelled, but we know we can hear it, for we heard its voice,
and perhaps we can even feel it, for ic may have a body."

"Listen,it's approaching!" Scrounger said. As everyone
eoncentrated on listening, they heard the loud crash-
ing sound of giant footsreps.

"It's enormous," the -Ratkin
whispered as the murky sky grew
darker with the crearure's
shadow.

"Ie is invisible,
but it casts
shadow," the

Bastet cried. "We-can. use that to attack it:

Worldwalker gave the signal to attack as the compan-
ions shifred into their war-forms to attack what could not be
seen burt could be heard and felt. While Garou, Bastet,
Rokea, Gurahl and Mokolé threw themselves into the fight,
Silent Striker sat back and studied the battle. "Sornething is
wrong," he said after a minute. "They are not truly harming
the creature but they are taking grievous wounds."

The Rarkin, Nuwisha and the Corax, who had also nor
joined the battle immediately, saw that the Nagah's words
were true. "Perhaps we must fight its spiric self as well,"
Laughing Dream said. "Vil be back." In the blink of an eye,
the Nuwisha disappeared. Just as quickly; she returned. "I've
seen it," she said, "and it has four great eyes on the top of its
head Ifit can be blinded, perhaps we can change thé battle."

Sharp Eyes smiled a large, beaky smile.."I can do that."
The Corax shifted to his fighting form and slipped into the
spiric world along with Laughing Dream. There, they saw a

"hideous, deformed creature with many arms
and legs, four large eyes on its head

and a huge, gaping rnouth with

sharp teeth that oozed poi-

son. Sharp -Eyes took

to the air high

above the

monster

aom.id


swooped down atop it, striking for its eyes. In the meantime,
Laughing Dream pelted the creature with stone-spirits and
darted in and out among the beast's many legs, nipping at its
heels and worrying it so that it could not concentrate on the
physical bartle.

Still watching the battle, Silent Striker saw the beast
begin ro-tire, yet World Walker and Moondaughter were
bleeding from wounds already growing pustulant. "They do
not have much time," he said to Scrounger. "There is one
thing that might work, if you-can conjure up something that
will sicken the monster."

"Tl can do that, but I reed some of the creature's blood,"
said the Ratkin.

"Vil take care of thar," a hundred tiny voices answered
from the ground. Silent Striker and Scrounger looked as a
horde of small spiders crawled up from minute holes in the
ground where the pit was that had nearly buried them all.
The spiders scurried toward the beast, crawling through the
beginnings of the Weaver's webs to enter the Umbra. Soon
a few of the spiders returned, each bearing a droplet of blood
on their backs. Scrounger collected the monster's blood and
used it to create a fast-spreading disease.

"Here, coat .my -fangs with it," Silent. Striker -said,
changing into snake-form. "Combined with my venom, it
might help to weaken the abomination."

His fangs dripping with disease-carrying venom, Silent
Striker crawled toward the barrle, noticing as he did, rhar
there was little time left for his companions. Even the
fearsome Rokea looked near dearth, and the others were
fighting with only their Rage to drive them. Finding an
opening, the Nagah struck.

Within seconds, the disease coursed through the body of
the beast. Gradually, all the wounds inflicted on ir by the
others started to fester. A raging fever caused the beast to grow
faint. In the Umbra, Sharp Eyes ripped our the last of rhe
beast's four eyes and threw it on the ground. Laughing Dream,
tired of throwing stones, found a heavy vine and twisted it
around the monster's legs, immobilizing the creature so that,
in its weakened stare, it tottered and started to fall.

"Run!" Laughing Dream called out ar the last moment,
her voice carrying across the thinnest of Gauntlets to the
ones engaged in close combar.

"Ger clear!" Worldwalker called, as he sensed the
creature's imminent fall. The wounded combatants barely
had tirne to back away before the monster fell to the ground,
becoming visible in both worlds as it did so.

All the companions gathered together and embraced
each other, looking at their victory and at rheir miraculous
survival.

"Let me tend-to your wounds and then we will purify
this foul place," Mountain Song said, and used her many
healing talents to bring her wounded companions back from
the edge of death. Afterward, she guided the group in a
ceremony to purify the land, restoring it to the beauty Gaia
had intended for it to have.

"Well done!" a' melodious voice called out,- and
Worldwalker and the others recognized the sound of Gaia's
voice.

"Great Mother!" said Worldwalker. "What are you
doing here? We have not yet returned from our quest and our
hands are empty of the treasure you wanted."

Gaia approached all Her changing children, laughing
and smiling at them.

"You have already found the treasure I sought," she said.
"For along time, you have all dwelled apart from one
another, each serving me separately.. Now you see how
working together has made you strong. I knew of this place
where a great servant of the Wyrm had created a home for
himself. [ also knew that only a group such as you; working
together; could defear it."

Worldwalker looked humbled, as did the others. Gaia
embraced each of Her children, one by one, giving them
words of encouragement and thanking them for choosing to
cooperate with ome another. For a time, the companions
remained together, basking in Gaia's approval and enjoying
one anothers company. Then Aracha decided thar she
needed to return to her caves, where her true mistress had
another task for her. Swims the Deep felt the call of Sea and
left the group; as well. One by orie, each Fera returned to the
place he or she knew best. As the years passed, they forgot the
tale of Worldwalker and the search for the greatest treasure.

Soon the Wars of Rage would destroy the harmony thar
emerged from that quest and turn Garou against Fera and
make the Fera wary of each other. Only Sun Bright Scales
kept the mermnory of the deed and passed it down to his
descendants, who océ¢asionally shared it with orhers, includ-
ing an ancestor of mine.

‘That is the énd of my tale, beloved child. I wish that ir
had another ending, but it doesn't.

~~ e

Sarah Tells-the-Tale looked at Cries for Justice, who
sat deep in thoughtr.

"Weren't there others?" he asked? "The bats... and
others?"

"There were," she replied sadly, "but they do not enter
the tale. 1 cannot say why; this is just as I learned it."

"Do you think such atime of harmony will ever come
again?"

His mentor shrugged. "Who knows?! Perhaps you will be
the"one to rediscover the secret of cooperation with the
Fera. Perhaps nor. Only Gaia knows."

Long afrer Tells-the-Tale had gone to sleep, Cries for
Justice remained awake, thinking. Inthe morning, when the
sept arose, the young Garou was gone. When the sept leader
asked his lorekeeper if she knew where Cries for Justice had
gone, Sarah Tells-the-Tale only smiled. "I think he wassent
out on a quest to find a great treasure," she said. "Let us hope
he can succeed where others have failed."

Players Guide fo the Changing Breeds


pas SN, eee
AYERS GUIDE JO N=

|

ER22>N -
L

BY BJORN T. BOE, BRIAN CAMPBELL, CHRIS CAMPBELL, JACKIE CASSADA, RICHARD DANSKY, MATT MCFARLAND AND NICKY REA

WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN © HAGEN
Oe ca ee

fete

Authors: Bjgrn T. Boe, Brian Campbell, Chris
Campbell, Jackie Cassada, Richard Dansky, Matt
McFarland and Nicky Rea. Werewolf and the World
of Darkness created by Mark Rein * Hagen
Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein ®* Hagen
Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Aileen E..Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Leif Jones, Steve Prescott, Jeff Rebner, Ron
Spencer, Melissa Uran

Cover Art: Dan Brereton

Layout, Typesetting and Cover Design: Aileen E- Miles

1554 LITTON Dr.

or > STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
eer = | 30083

White Worrl USA

GAME STUDIO

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights resérved. Reproduction without the written permissiori
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness, Exalted and Aberrant are
registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the

Storytellers. Companion; Ananasi,.Bastet, Corax, Gurahl, Mokolé, Nagah,.Nuwisha, Ratrkin, Rokea;
Hengeyokai Shapeshifters of the East, Sorcerer Revised, Tribebook Bone Gnawers, Tribebook Glass Walkers
and Tribebook Stargazers are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference toany company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, Characters and themes..All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only..‘This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

hitp://www.white-wolf.com; alt-games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

Great War, Mind's Eye Theatre, Players Guide to the Changing Breeds, Players Guide to Garou, Werewolf

10 Players Guide to the CAaKnGING Breeds

OLE Le ET IS LT A

tigtiter S Pree, Latur OS Ye Fipngié —~ Toiflir :
Pigtier Four. Tae SERIF LOLA
Ayter Sve: The Mal

Contents



He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need
because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god.

~— Aristotle, Politics

Lf ere S KPBS

So you've played Werewolf and decided to tackle
something a little out of the ordinary or you've seen the
books but never got turned on by the whole wolf thing.
Instead, you like cats or lizards or something even more
exotic. Maybe this is your first experience with roleplaying
and the idea of doing something unexpected appeals to you.
Or maybe you're a long-term fan of the game that's been
looking fora Revised Edition update to your favorite Chang-
ing Breed for the longest time. Whatever the reason you
decided to pick this book up, you should get plenty of
mileage out of it.

The Players Guide to the Changing Breeds gathers
together all the basic information players need to create and
play all the imreresting "other" shapechangers inhabiting
the World of Darkness. Whether you're into cats, rats or
bears, coyotes, spiders or oriental foxes then this is the
sourcebook for you. Rather than putting out your hard-
earned cash for dozens of books and searching through all of
them to find the essential facts you need to play a Fera
character, all you need to get starred is included here.

Of course, any of the individual sourcebooks you may
already own or be thinking about picking up aren't rendered
instantly useless by this volume. Far from it. Each individual

Breed book contains more information on the Breed it
details than we could ever fit into this hardback; don't feel
cheated if you own one. In many ways, the Breed books are
still elaboration om the basics presented here. That said,
even long-term veterans of Werewolf are going to find new,
previously only hinted at things within these pages.

It may be called a Players' Guide but Storytellers can
find lots of slinky, crawly ideas for rumning games based
around the Fera within it as well. Even if you run for an all-
werewolf pack, this book can help. Herein are materials to
help you create interesting contacts and dangerous antago-
nists for you players, as well as some greater exploration of
the issues that concern non-Garou. The end result can help
you fashion several different sorts of games than those that
your players are used to experiencing.

Layndg Fora

What makes playing Fera so different from portraying
Garou? They share some basic qualities: most agree they are
Gaia's children to one degree or another, and each is an
embodiment of some sort of greater purpose or specialty.
Each is a shapechanger, a combination of human and some

Dntroduction: Beasts of the Field 13

Ce, SY NS


J

animal such asa bear or cougar. Aside from such obvious
differences as playing a fox ora big cat rather than a wolf the
main change lies in each Breed's perception of itself and its
role in the world and inthe animalistic part of the character.
Further, most of thern have a long-standing grudge against
the werewolves — rhe War of Rage ——- which may lead them
to fear, distrust or even hate the Garou.

Whereas the Garou think of themselves as Gaia's
warriors, those to whom She has entrusted Her welfare and
ultimate salvation, the orher Breeds generally see the Garou
as, at best, braggarts and overly aggressive bullies. Eastern
shapechangers have an additional culture clash with West-
erm Garou, seeing the Garou (and for thar matrer, most
other Western shapeshifters) as creatures- who have an
imperfect understanding at best of their part in the Earth
Mother's greater plan.

Each group of Fera knows they have been given other,
but not less important, duties than the Garou. Most feel that
their own contributions equal or exceed those of the wolf-
changers. They ray serve as Gaia's eyes, Her memory, Her
messengers or some other function. They may see them-
selves as chosen children of forces even greater than Gaia
Herself. They each have their own particular practices, rites
and Gifts that help them in these jobs. Taking into consid-
eration what those powers are designed to do will determine
part of how you'll play your Fera character. So will having
knowledge of the animal side of the equation.

Aitpcrsledpinig tise wd esipicel bee

Part of imriersing yourself in the role ofa Feracharacter
is knowing something about rhe non-human side of things.
If you want to play a-Gurahl, it's more fun if you learn
something about bears first.. For example, most people
assume bears are slow and lumbering. That would indicate
to most players that they should put few points into their
character's Dexterity, but in fact, beats are only slow when
they stand on their hind legs: Ask any unlucky camper how
easy it is to outrun a bear or get away from one by trying to
climb a tree, then decide how many points to put into your
Dexterity. Further, che Gurahl pride themselves on being
artists, an undertaking that usually calls for a betrer Dexter-
ity. So while looking at the animal side, you have to also
consider the human portion as well.

Ifyou also take the rime to réad about the continuing
curtailment of wilderness leading to bears starving, then
being shot when they wander into towns in search of
food, you'll have amuch clearer pictute of what werebears
might be pissed off abour. Take the knowledge and use it
to customize your character, to suggest quirks, Merits or
Flaws or to figure out what your character does for a
living. Lise it to decide how your character moves or sits,
how she ralks or any other'details you like to pin down.
You can do the same thing with coyotes or foxes, spiders
or lizards, ravens or alligators.

14 Players Guide fo the Changing Breeds

defipag Pile Api Gf

Ie is up to youas a'‘player to establish how far you want
to go in portraying the animal portion of your character.
Many players feel uncomfortable going beyond projecting
an atcitude or trying ona different voice oran accent. That's
fine if that's as far as you want to take it. Even that muchcan
usually get che point across, bur there are plenty of other
ways to emphasize the aspects of the feral side of your
characrer. Think about how animals move. As a great cat
you might slink, tense fora jump, dig your claws into the dirt
prior to leaping on prey, feel safe in high places and exhibit
almost supernatural grace. Use those descriptions of what
you are doing rather than saying, "I'm gonna jump him."
Practice the wide-eyed-srare of the predator and the man-
nerisms that differenriate the great cats from the domestic
cat. You may be surprised how such non-verbal cues make
the character memorable.

The same attention to detail can be applied to all the
various Fera. An Aijanasi related to web-spinning spiders will
be a very differerit creature than an Ananasi who is kin to
hunting spiders. The one will likely be patient and mmethodi-
cal, perhaps with very precise and calculated movements,
while the other might consistently be in motion (even
scuttling), always alert and watchful in an emotionless man-
ner. Knowing the differences berween shark breeds and their
habits will make your Rokea characters stand out more, while
a knowledge of the odd head movements ravens make can
roake all the difference in portraying an effective Corax.

And if you know nothing about the beast side you want
to play? Here the advantages of rhe so-called Information
Age come into play. Nature documentaries abound, if you
have cable; even if you don't, you can find films or public
television specials that can be very helpful. Study them for
movement, sounds, temperament. There are hosts of websites
devoted to animals of all sorts, which often have very good
information, and the reference section of most large book-
stores will boast afew works on animals that are aimed at the
layman: Find out weaknesses and preferred foods, methods
of hunting or ways the creatures amuse themselves. The
more you can bring to the rable concerning your animal side,
the berter you can make your character. Just rermember
when doing so that you aren't playing just the animal, but a
hybrid, supernatural creature with full human intelligence
and all the benefits thar brings. If you're just playing the
"dumb animal" you're missing a lot of the clever ploys you
might use and the chance at great fun juxtaposing each side
of the character with the other.

LO LaL COP LEP AL

The majority of Werewolf games are ser in the Euro-
pean, Russian or North American landscape, often witha
flavor of American Indian to them (in part due to the
animistic nature of the world of Werewolf). This isn't

LE ET OT ET TR, TT a eS a A

:


cultural bias --— Europe, Russia and North America are just
where the wolves (and the wolf-changer myths) are. But
Fera games are more global in scope. While some Bastet, for
example, are primarily found in North America, others
range from Central and South America to Russia, the Far
East and Africa. Most Eastern Fera even consider them-
selves part of rhe Beast Courts of the Emerald Motherrather
than having any particular identification with the West,
and especially not with the Western Garou. There are also
many areas of the world that have never had wolves in them
arid in those places, the Fera are the masters and probably
have litrle knowledge of werewolves and their ways. Cer-
tainly, ifthe pack comes to the Fera's territory, the non-wolf
changers will have a low tolerance for any overly aggressive
moves or nonsensical practices on the part of the Garou.

When portraying Fera, whether as part ofa player group
or-as Storyteller-controlled characters, one of the main
issues confronting troupes is to venture beyond the Euro-
North American bent of most Werewolf games and incor-
porate a more global feel into the game. Because they live
elsewhere, most Fera have concerns that reach far beyond
the immediate focus of Western Garou. Rather than raging
against corporate depredations in North America's wilder-
ness areas, South American Bastet fight to protect the ever-
diminishing rainforest. Finners, who cut the fins from sharks
tosellin Par Eastern markets while abandoning the shark to
die, enrage both Rokea and Same-Bitro. The destruction of
wetlands worldwide leave Mokolé with fewer spawning
grounds each year even as their alligator Kinfolk begin to
recover from being an endangered species. Khan aren't so
lucky, as their tiger kin in Siberia and Asia face extinction.

These Fera have litrle interest in the problems that
concern the Western Garou. Many of them even place the
blame for sorne of their problems on the Garou, citing the
decimation of their ranks during the War of Rage, from
which many Breeds never recovered. When portraying such
Fera both players and Srorytellers should consider carefully
justhow much events outside their own homelands concern
the Fera characters: Unless the game centers on Fera inter-
ests or isset where they have realreason to become involved,
they have litrle to motivate them.

Believable locations and several other issues confront
boch rhe player and the Storyteller when dealing with Fera
characters. But the single most important question is this:
When and where do they fit into play? All the other issues
stem from that one. Troupes must decide whether to go for
an all Fera game or a mixed group, whether to set the game
in some place the non-Garou would normally be found or if
the character is truly going to bea fish out of water. How will
the character fit with others or is everyone going to create
anew Fera character? Some Storytellers may even feel that
they just don't want to muddy the waters by introducing Fera
as potential characters for players at all. These issues are
addressed below so that troupes may feel more comfortable
deciding how to deal with Fera with more knowledge of
what to expect.

Se see mers on ee seen es ee

Srfeg¢iityg Ferd

tuto te Ctercts FP 2a

It's bad enough, you say, getting the Red Talon, the
Get of Fenris, the Shadow Lord and the Black Fury to
work together in a pack. Now you want to add something
in that isn't even a Garou? How are you going to integrate
a Corax or a Nuwisha, a Mokolé ora Bastet into a game
creared around and featuring Garou? That depends ona
number of things.

First, players must be aware that the Storyteller is
under no-obligation to allow a.Fera character into'a
Werewolf game at all.. While there are similarities, the
other shapeshifters' goals and ways of achieving their aims
may be roo divergent to allow certain Fera and Garou to
work together on anything approaching a regular basis.
Because of these differences, amd in some cases due to
fallout left over from the War of Rage, it isn't always
possible or désirable to combine Fera characters with
Garou. Players who truly desire to play Fera should be
prepared to make their case to both the Storyteller and the
rest of their troupe explaining how they plan to mix with
the pack and why the story might call for something other
than a Garou character. Then they'd better be prepared for
whatever interactions come from it.

After all, Garou can be pretty arrogant and distrustful
of other changers. It would be unrealistic for a pack to just
automatically accépt a newcomer who isn'r- even Garou
with the same trust and enthusiasm they might'show one of
their own. Both players and Storyrellers should be aware
that any games featuring the Pera and the pack will have to
allow extra time for the group to gel — or make the fact thar
they don't get along an integral-part of the plotline.

Furthermore, it can'certainly be tempting to-try to play
a character that's "different from all the others." However,
your fellow players might interpret your desire to play a
radically different character as an attempt to usurp more
chan your fair share of the spotlight, forcing the Storyteller
to focus as much on your Fera character as he does on the rest
of the pack combined. It might not be a fair accusation, but
it mighr still hang over the game. This is doubly true if you
want to play a character that has no interest in the Garou
ideals of honorable battle and the crusade against the Wyrm.
Ir's something of a backhanded insult to players who are
interested in roleplaying those things, and it's disruptive to
the game to demand that every story cater to your own
character's motives as much. as the pack's. Werewolf as-
sumes that the characters are going to possess a pack bond,
and therefore greater cooperation than do the protagonists
in a Vampire: The Masquerade or Demon: The Fallen
game. Undercutting that vital chemistry has a way of mak-
ing the game less fun for people who appreciate that aspect
of Werewolf, and we don't recommend making the game
less fun for your fellow players as any sort of preferable
approach to roleplaying.

Trfroduction: Beasts of the Field 15

— —— ——— A LO LES EIN,


pI

If the Storyteller agrees to let you play orie of the Fera
on a temporary basis, just to see if something can be worked
out. To some extent it is incumbent upon you as the player
to create a character that can get along with the Garou. If
you insist on playing acharacter that hates the Garouor that
cannot find any common ground, the mix is bound to fail.
Players would do far better to approach the game by playing
a Fera who either likes or is indebted to Garou for some
reason. Perhaps curiosity about the wolf-changers or even
an open mind concerning them is enough to motivate
positive character interaction. Whatever method youchoose,
make certain it doesn't interfere with or detract from the
overall story the Storyteller is trying to present. The objecr
is to enhance the story, not overpower it.

Consider the importance of whether the game is set
somewhere it might be appropriate to introduce such a
character. Obviously, if you insist on playing a wereshark in.
Wyoming, you've already saddled yourself with enough
problems without adding an atternpt to join a pack of
werewolves.. You need to consider what the serting is, how
appropriate the character would be to the setring and just
how strained relations are between your Breed and the
Garou: Finding something compatible may be the key to the
success or failure of the experiment.

Nuwisha, for example, might be perceived as particu-
larly scrawny Ragabash types and Gurahl might be an object
of fascination, shame and wonder for the Garou, highly
welcomed for their healing abilities and great strength. On
the other hand, Mokolé don't thrive where Garou usually
roam and Corax and many Bastet could easily drive the
Garou into a rage with their chatter or lazy, snide attitude
respectively.. Strangely, various. members of the eastern
Beast Courts, while their world views are considerably
different, might most easily fit in with Garou sirnply because
they are more used to working with changers other than
their own Breed. If you need to find some common ground
with the Garou, don't feel compelled to follow every stereo-
type about your Breed, but don't simply throw it all out and
pretend like this is a werewolf that happens to be dressed in
a spider suit either. The heart of any successful chronicle
with a mix of Fera and Garou characters is not extremism,
but compromise.

LIE Sern Cleaner

Naturally, one way to avoid the problems associated
with playing Fera in a Werewolf game is for your troupe to
all run Fera characters: The information presented in this
book should provide players and Storytellers with plenty of
material for creating Fera characters, either for player use or
as supporting cast, for one-shot stories or for full chronicles.
While all-Garou games invariably lead to combat sooner or
later (status as Gaia's warriors aside, bloodshed is as integral
to the werewolf myth as seduction is to the varmpire myth),
such concerns may be secondary in Fera games. Intrigue, the
acquisition of knowledge, stealthy theft, clever manipula-

16 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE Ts ET PE OY LS

tion or the cleansing of a horrid blight might be the orderof
the day depending on what sort of Fera the game involves.
Some of the same types of stories that appeal to Garou can
also work with Fera, but ones that speak to their particular
interests and talents*make for better games:

When planning all Fera games, Storytellers and players
should get together and decide whether they'd prefer games
that feature one Breed with everyone playing characters of
that Breed or games that accommodate several different
Breeds working together. Each has its merits and its draw-
backs.

The largest strength of a game with multiple types of
Feéra is its diversity; there's a certain amount of vitality that
comes from a game where everyone is not only playing
exactly the type of shapeshifter they like best, but enjoying
the ability to play off other Breeds. This sort of scenario
obviously works best with players that enjoy watching their
fellow players take the limelight as much as they enjoy their
own turn on center stage. (Those who are less interested in
watching other players have their turn than they are in
trying to grab the other players' attention suffer from the
dreaded "look at me" syndrome, which can badly injure
games. If everyone wants to be looked at but nobody wants
to look at anyone else, it's a formula for disaster. Be warned! }

A group of mixed Fera also has the advantage of a wide
wariety of skills and abilities to apply to any task at hand. A
mixed group might not be as stealthy as an all-Corax group
or as proficient at sinking ships asa slew of Rokea, but they
can outfight enemies that would tear the murder of Corax to
ribbons and have far more success on dry land than the
Rokea would. They have the advantage of diversity that
earried the Garou packs to victory, only more so. Such a
group can meet a wider variety of challenges while still not
being so over-specialized that they are guaranteed success in
any one endeavor. :

A-mixed-Fera group is also potentially the best way to
experience the culture of one of the major shapeshifter
organizations — the Beast Courts and the Ahadi. A mix of
differenr Breeds showcases the diversity and the strength
through shared éulture that makes those two alliances as
effective as they are.

On the other hand, a group of rnixed Fera can lack focus
(particularly in games that don't focus on the Beast Courts
or Ahadi)}. Some of the members of the group might not
have any real reason ‘to get along (such as, for instance,.a
Ratkin and a Bastet). They can also look somewhat implau-
sible when lined up together; all members of very rare
Breeds, somehow gathered in-one place by a common
purpose. Extra work at devising reasons for your characters
to know and. respect one another is highly recommended.
After all, you can only play the "we're trying to set an
example of Breed cooperation" card so many times.


The diversity of abilities being as extreme as it is,
players may feel less helpful in certain situations. After all,
aCorax whotravels witha Rokea, aMokolé anda Khan isn't
going to pull the same share of weightin the average combat.
The Storyteller should do his best to mix up the challenges
so that each player has a feeling of contributing equally
when the overall story is considered, even if they didn't feel
the same way in every scene.

Creed S hecife

Games featuring characters from asingle Fera Breed are
much more like the usual Werewolf story. There's less need
to jump through hoops trying to get the characters together
— they may already know.one another..Even if they are
strangers, they already have their Breed in common-and
have some idea of what to expect from each other. Chances
are they have similar outlooks or goals ever if their person-
alities are divergent. Usually such groups have common
interests and goals as well.

Although most troupes enjoy combar ro one degree or
another, nor all Fera are combat monsters or even well
suited to fighring. Many benefit more from staying out of
toe-to-toe battle and engaging in other forms of conflict.
Instead, stories that play..to the strengths of each Breed
should form the backbone of any Fera Gampaign.

in clans, and the Ajaba are equally, social.
mie is aanarural way to.play the hyenas —
mibers areii't near where they should have
been swithout the Sintba's Senocidalwar, the Ajaba are still
more likely ro gather their own tégerhér tha ro mingle with
other Breeds. An excellent focus for an all-Ajaba group
"would be to have female members of the same clan, with
males from other clans that have pledged their temporary
support. The story might involve working towards a greater
good (such as one of the Ahadi's goals), following the path
of petsonal ambition (as Ajaba are so status-conscious),
rooting out corrupt Ajaba that sided with the Wyrm, oreven
acting out a personal revenge drama (avenging themselves
against a Simba;
tion"). The Aja
tunity to in ;

ole in the Ahadi gives the pack oppor-
evariety of

ics entanglement with the Wyrm. As the Wyrm has. éaptured:
their queen, they attempt to free her through ‘their dealings

Trtroduction: Beasts of the Field

EL —_

a

riminal who is currently "under protec-: Sora

with humans, trying to manipulace them and attempting ro
restore the balance to the Triat. Ananasi groups might focus
their artention on weaving threads of manipulation from one
important group to another, mostly remaining hidden from
those they use. They might as easily help to free someone from
imprisonment, provided it serves their purposes in the long
run. Ananasi often take their orders from their queen, who
can communicate with them and for this reason, they might
be found doing almost anything at her bidding, whether they
understand the ultimate reason for it or not. Most other Fera
distrust and hate rhe Ananasi, misunderstanding their aims
and purposes. For this reason,-groups of all Arianasi are
frequent and bey are ae urisuited to traveling with other
ou. Nonetheless, should the queen

A AN ‘eet aren't natu-
rally prone to fit themselves into groups. N etheless, the
Bastet gather together in prides now ankl age
simply because the Bastet involved are' curious. Groups of

« witnessing secret

the enemy ¢ and §

what's happening and deca ing to tel hose best sui
on the information or withholding the news from those who
annoy them. Nonetheless, the Bastet are more than capable
of cearing up those who oppose them in combat. Each type
of Basret has different capabilities to offer, which leads to
great versatilicy within the group,-but many Bastet tribes
dislike or distrust orie anorher. This could lead to in-fighting
among the group's members, which might limit their capa-
bility in dealing with external threats. Baster can get along
with orher shapeshifters; the questiom is the same as that
which plagues anyone who knows cats —— do they caré to?

Cora groups usually serve as informatidn gatherers or
messengers; soifetimes both. Stories involving a murder of
Corax might concen, ferreting out seerets, Rearing rumors
and investigating, ‘ting As fecdinnaissance, performing
messenger services and talking: themselves out-of trouble.
Corax use their fl ight abilicies, stealth, knowledge arid quick
wits far more often than: resorting to combat. The difficulties
of a murder of Coramarechat not: veryone can talk at once
and jealousy over who gets the best gossip could undermine
relationships within the group. When mixing with other
Breeds, a Corax can be an invaluable companion who fulfills

"advance scQuting, information gathering and aerial combat

roles within the group.

ss

eon

~—

Ct a

shave begun making a

comeback LoS move more

needed. Stories,i
thing from stop]
ing or healin
cross their pa
The rarity of the
rare thing, likely"

ding nurtur-
d oe that

the different tribes
to get along better
than night be Mcxpecred in a group of mixed Fera. Some
other Fera may still harbor some of the doubts ‘the Garou
raised regarding the Gurahl's taint, and the Gurahl are by no
means pacifists —~ they're_still creatures of great Rage. But
the Gurahl have the tools to Overtoitie these prejudices, if
they're willing to meet the challenge: ile'their healing
talents are greatly appreciated, the weérebears possess their
share of co ories _that focus on

térs of the Courts, and are
"groups to achieve these

: ne gathering is four, one
of each Path — prov di g ample versatilicy~of skills and
magic. An all-Kitsume story or chronicle may focus largely
on stealth, roleplay -interaction and magic, as the fox-

shifters use their matural gifts of guile, sorcery and grace to
bypass obstacless'For players that enjoy being effective and
looking damn,good doing it, the Kitsune are a fine choice.

Mokolé have their roles strictly cut out for them based

on their sunsigns, much like their enemies thé Garou follow
the auspices, stanted them 6

in chitches,.close

jreeds, many find it difficult to forgive
the Garou for their wholesale slaughter of the reptile folk
during the Wariof Rage. Mixed groups see them chiefly for
their combat value, though some more astute Fera realize
that the Mokolé's extensive memories could assist them
more than their battle prowess. As the memory of Gaia,

18 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE Ln Ts LT EL YT A A

@ moon. Whether hunters)

itis possible for Mokolé to work a

Mokolé should enjoy steriés thar help them recover lost
knowledge. They also. work t to prevent humans from dam-
ming streams and rivers, forests, despoiling
Gaia and harming, their ]
Naga? <
More than aby other shapes
designed to besplayed in single-Bree
believe Nagah all perished in the
Nagah do net intend to tell them
secretly, pdlicing the other Breeds
that all perform their dutiesas : ought to. Those who
prove traitors, should they ‘to their own Breed's
justice; may eventually | fall to the Nagah, who slay them in
the same emotionless fash on with which they appear to
conduct themselyés at most times. Unlike any other Breed,
the Nagah cannot ociate with other Fera they're
supposed to be ex and must therefore only be part of
a pack made up of Nagah. This is not necessarily true
in a game set age the backdrop of the Courts of the
Emerald Mother, but n there, secrecy is paramount.
Seemingly dispass te, they can be the most difficult
of the Breeds to play; for their:emotions are,stibtle and
expressed more quietly than Sames featuring
the Nagah focus on discovering Fera shirk or betray
their duties, judging the severity of the crime and if it
warrants such, tracking and cornering them where they can
be brought down and punished. As the Nagah must remain
undiscovered, the crime must call for d ath, for that is the

Nagah were
stories. Most Fera
ff Rage and the
ise. They move
ing to make sure

each of which serves
) gh outright trickery,

trickstérs, thechildren of Coyote conspire t@keep the others
#8 the dark concerning their true nature. Thus, while mixed

_ groups of Nuwisha and other Fera may exist, those groups
seldom understand orappreciate what the Nuwisha bring to

the Mix.
All Nuwisha groups are rare; the Nuwishadon't tend to

| Cgoperate too tightly. Coyote himself wasa loner who didn't

gerralong too well even with other trickster-types like
iktomi, arid his children:dre much the same. Still, an all-
Nuwisha story is far from impossible. It might, in fact, make
the perfect one-shot scenario full of black humor and clever
dialogue ——- almost a caper flick, albeit one where the final
twist and joke have that deadly touch to them.

=|


odthirsty morons and the
kneed pacifists. ‘That said,

them almost like Papoeail handgun
but if a common catise can be found, R atkin can make
useful, if frenetic, allies...

All-Rarkin gaithes rend t6 work uch more smoothly.
The Ratkin are'a social Breed at heart, and: although: they
lack the strong bonds of a Garou pack @

find a certain safety and comfort in numbers A Ratkin nest"

can be a subtle and dangerous force for infilerationzor
sabotage, or it can be an exercise in barely directed Keening
madness.

er nee er a EE Se ee

Qvoked

Rokea sléws firid it easiest t6 locate néar the séa; if not in
it. Since Rokea have a problem with being on land and must
also fight off incursions from other Rokea who consider them
trairorous if they leave Sea, ifthey do choose to locate on dry
land, stories concerning them should be fraught with frustra-
tion. and paranoia. Their concerns can.be anything thar
threarens Sea or their shark Kin. As there exist different types
of Rokea, there is room for some diversity and specialization
within the group, but since many Rokea are natural killing
machines, combar tier ed games and quick, hotr-blooded
action may raké precedence over more analytical or stealthy
fare. Sharksdo6 not normally swim together that often and all
that togethemess: tay erode tempers in the group. Con-
versely, weresharks really don't geralone Witheothers, be they
dhumans or, other Fera, so grGups featuring Rokea. along with

_other Breeds shouldebeé few and far between, Such coopera:

tion would be considered only.whén the Cause would truly be

so ifiportantto the wereshiarks that they agree to put up with

others for the duration. Such causes might be preventing the
destruction of all Rokea or of Sea herself.

DPatvodiction: Beasts of the Field 19



"Up until today , Sou believed there was a line betweenmyth
and reality..: Those things out there are real.If they' re real, what
else is real? You know what lives in the shadows now.-You may
never get another night's sleep as long as you live..."

—— Meghan, Dog Soldiers

syst 6f 7ge

When the world was young, Gaia ¢reared and ‘ap-
pointed sacred creatures to watch over her world. The firsr
shapeshifters not only protected the savage world of beasts,
but also walked in the primitive world of men — we now
know them as the Changing Breeds: And just as they could
walk as humans, they could breed with them — in the time
before time, humanity served as their breeding stock. Their
children were the first of their Kinfolk: the offspring of
sacred creatures. It is a time eradicated by human memory,
remembered only in nightmares.

The monsters humans feared most were the very ones
pledged to protect them from unseen horrors: We call them
werewolves; you know them as the Garou. Filled with rage
and pride, these werewolves often looked down on humans
as lesser creatures, treating them as little more than slaves.
Each of the other shapechangers —— to the Garou, the Fera,
meaning "shapeshifter thar is mot Garou" —— watched over
its own "herd" of humans as well, cultivating their human
"flocks" as they defended their territories. For generations,
the Fera raised their offspring, watched over the sacred
places of the world, and carried out the tasks Gaia appoinred
to them. Those who flew as ravens served as the messengers

of the supernatural world; those that skulked as snakes
served as the Earth Mother's chosen assassins, and so on.
Each of the shapechangers had its place ~— but the werewolves
placed themselves above all others.

The werewolves had their own sacred tasks: They
openly hunted natural beasts and supernatural evil, demon-
strating deeds so glorious chey proclaimed themselves the
greatest of Gaia's creatures. And then, for reasons that have
been argued about for millennia since, the Garou began to
hunt the Fera as well..As they expanded their territories,
seized herds of humans, and demonstrated their dominance,
they launched a series of crusades modern werewolves
shamefully rermember as the W/ar of Rage.

No one event sparked the War of Rage; infact, some Fera
refer to thei as "Wars of Rage" instead. Some of these conflicts
were actual wars, with both sides vying against one another for
the usual reasons of territory, resources or blood vendetta.
Orhers were clearly one-sided atrocities, where Garou found
reasoris to punish the other shapechangers, to hunt them, and
to drive them to near extinction. Although the Garou were
pack creatures, individual motives drove them to énact scenes
of horror. Some killed to expand their territories; some to seize

Chapter One: The World of the Fera 21


human breeding stock; others for glory, or for misperceived
honor. Some attacks may well have been justified or provoked,
but revenge was just as common; once one werewolfdied, it was
all roo easy for the rest of the pack to seek vengeance for their
fallen comrade. Whatever the true reasons, they are lost to the
mists of legend, hidden in the time before time. The Garou
fought for supremacy around che world. W/hen the dust finally
settled and the last graves were filled in, the werewolves
pronounced their enemies wounded, missing, or dead. In some
cases, they were entirely mistaken.

For millennia, the Fera were on the verge of extinction, at
least in-the world of flesh. Yet in the world of spirit, in. the
shadows, and in the hidden places of the world, afew @ndured,
nursing their hatred against the creatures that had hunted thei.
Ever vigilant against supernarcural evils, the Garou neglected to
watch out for the greatest danger in their midét: the very humans
they oppressed. And as was nature's way, the world evolved into
aworld of men. The time before time became adistant memory

Vfee SEUPALCOPLE

Where beasts ruled once, man now 1
millennium, Garou have learned to hide in the sh lows,

waging an unseen war against for¢és mankind ean neither'

perceive nor understand —— and without the aid of the Pera,
it is a losing battle. Everywhere, it is evidenr that the End

Times are approaching. Strange days are at hand, and in somié |
cases, the impossible has become quite réal. Supernatural
forces are returning to the world, if only to bring about some

cosmic reckoning humanity cannot comprehend.

Some of the Fera‘survived the Wars of Rage by Accing -

to the depths of the spirit world. Now, as the stars.are right,
they have returned in numbers the world has sever seen
before. Because of their supernarural talenrs, humaniry

emerge, the Fera come our to hunt. Ten of the Fera have
been seen in the world today, not by humans, but by others
shapechangers.. Werewolves have rarely encountered these
creatures, for the Fera have little reason to trust them.

"The shapeshifting races were not designed for diplomacy,
and thus alliances berween the various Changing Breeds were
few even in the Dawn Times. "Reason" is not a principle one
applies ro the most monstrous of beasts, especially legendary
ones. Justas wolves have instincts to hunt in packs, werewolves
succumb to frenzies of Rage, and their society depends on them
hunting together to defend and define their world. By contrast,
the Fera rarely work together except in the most extreme
circumstances and most are also driven by Rage, making
them even less social and cooperative. Most of the Fera Breeds
are also separated by geography, claiming vastly different
ecosystems as their hoinelands. For the vast majority of each
race, existence is defined by overtiding needs to protect their
Kinfolk, breed more young, and keep their spawning grounds
hidden. Yet for each of these races, afew of their young are
idealistic enough to journey outside the world they know,
seeking fulfillment in some elusive higher cause.

22 Players

and they have few leader.

Guide to the CAanKging Breeds

/ a A LES IT

A few Fera feel an overwhelming sense of wanderlust
that must be satisfied. Orhers hope to find new places for
their kind to thrive, causes to fight for (and die for}, or
mysteries they may solve. Ignorance keeps them apart —
each regards the other Fera through the usual falsehoods of
lore; legend, and base stereotypes. Like the Garou, they are
trapped between two worlds: caught between the dictates of
their dying races and the dangers of the human world.
Perhaps if they can survive this conflict, they may return to
their homelands with the wisdom and experience to save
their own kind. Perhaps rhere will be a reckoning for the
Fera as well. In the End Times, almost anyrhing is possible.

fever Fore

Masters -of ancient lore "remember rhe old names:
Shapechanger mystics piece together what they know from
thefew events that have been witnessed. As the Apocalypse

approaches, those events have become more common, and

true knowledge grows by leaps anid bounds. Recite the old
h

the tyrant and his minions; the Ajaba now nurse a furious
hhatred of the killers who defended him. They have nohome,
only anger drives them onward.

Ananasi werespidersare known for their love of intrigue;

some would say that exrends to a penchant for treachery.
Caught berween the three cosmic forces of the Triat, they are —

a race set against itself. Most share a powerful communion

with, che Weaver, a few Kumoti spiders surrender to the

libertine feedoms Gf the Wyld; dark and bloated Hatar

ao spiders worship | the Wyrm. Their subtlety is as great as that of

any vampire, yet their thirst for blood is relatively restrained.
It is said they can. move unseen.as swarms of scurrying
insects... even now, they may be under our very feet.
Bastet cats are among the most widespread shapeshifters
in the world. They stalk their territories with the sort of

Bight tribes wander the world; most possess an insatiable
curiosity and a need to explore. Territorial by nature, they
have the brawn and speed to defend their isolated home-
lands..Because their curiosity often draws them to ‘super-
natural and magical enigmas, they'll need those strengths.

Corax ravens are praised as messengers by some... and
condemmed as spies by others. The bravest are adept at soaring
between the different communities of shapechangers, gather-
ing secrets, gossip, and lies. The wereravens assume many
guises. In some cultures, they are revered as symbols of war; in

‘others, they are celebrated as tricksters. No matrrer where they

fly, they gather tales of their travels, and for the right price,
they will tell all they have seen. Sometimes they must even
deal with the consequences of spreading such knowledge.

S|


Gurahl bears may well be the least populous species of
shapechangers. They were among the first to die in the Wars of
Rage; as such, they have hibernated longer than all the other
Fera. In the time before time, they were great healers, keepers of
the land who used powerful rituals to purge itof corruption. Now
they do all they can to heal their own numbers, as many species
of bears are now perilously close to extinction. The world is
dying, and the werebears barely hawe enough heroes ‘to save
their own kind... still chey have not yet passed from the Earth.

The youngest of the Changing Breeds are the Kitsune, the
foxes. These clever and mystical shapeshifters arose in Asia
many centuries ago —— but unlike other shapechangers, they
arose during the time of humanity; not before. They have yet
to spread to all the areas where foxes are found, and it is
uncertain whether they will have time to do so before the End.
Ic is also uncertain just what role they play, as they seem to be
equal parts spy, courtier, mystic and warrior and the Kitsune
merely smile quietly and change the subject when asked.

Conversely, the Mokolé mighr be the oldest of the
Changing Breeds..Long before the first Garou, even before
the emergence of mamunals, dinosaurs walked the Earth.
Man was not the first creature to walk on two legs; sentient
saurians remember that their ancestors could assume a form
that walked upright, used tools, and builta crude civilization
even though they cannot fully remember or agree what
this creature looked like. They are the keepers of ancient
memories and lore, and as their mumbers increase,.those
visions become clearer. When Gaia's first great experiment
died out, lizards,.repriles, and crocodilians inherited these
ancient legacies. They sometimes walk as men, but when
their prepare for war, they car assume monstrous bartle-
forms thar recall ancient genetic .legacies—- horrors no
human scientist would dare contemplate.

Wagah serpents maintain Sacred Secrets, including their
crue numbers and purpose. In fact, most shapechangers don't
even realize the Nagah survived the Wars of Rage. As Gaia's
enforcers and assassins, they answer Her silent demands for
swift justice. Operating in tightly intertwined "nests" of two
or three, they act with a secrecy no other race'can emulate.
When one of the Fera strays, the wereserpents are swift to
mete Gaia's punishment. They strike so quickly thar even.
other shapechangers do not realize who is responsible.

INuwisha sharethe same trickster spirit as Coyote, who
first brought them into the light of day. They laugh at the
darkness in the world, unleashing deadly "pranks" against
those who serve it. Yet with their great joy comes an even
greater ability to peer into the shadows of the world. They
first came onto the Earth in what is now the American
Southwest; but throughout the End Times, they insist on
bearing witness to the fate of all creation. Werecoyotes
cannot take life too seriously, yet they are willing to risk
their lives when true darkness emerges.

Long ago, Ratkin were reviled for culling populations
of human Kinfolk. Nature is not without a sense of balance,
however, and the wererats saw their duties as sacred. Slaugh-
tered in great numbers, they fled tro the Umbra... and now

ee ncn. es ene een PE es ee

they are teturning in vast swarms; Driven insane by thou-
sands of years of spiritual exile, they are amassing an army for
the Apocalypse. The wererats rampage to bring the chaos of
the Wyld back inte the world... by any means necessary.
Snapping the threads that hold human civilization together
is merely the first step. If the Garou insist on defending
humanity, destroying them is the next one.

Other Fera rarely encounter Rokea sharks, but as their
nuinbers grow, their young are more willing take human
form-and explore dry land. The world of men is a mystery
waiting for them to solve. Yet there are countless mysteries
beneath the waves as well; after all, most of Gaia's world lies
underwater. So do horrible aquatic creatures twisted by the
Wyrm,. beings so alien only the weresharks can understand
or oppose them. If these wars beneath the seas are lost, the
wars above the waves will become pointless.

ST fi2 PULA S 7-025,
fe bor le Cpftt ef

Throughout the World of Darkness, the wilderness is
shrinking. Areas where the wild can thrive are few and far
berween, and the Earth is dying. Whether through persever-
ance,. spiritual escape, supernatural talent, or heightened
subterfuge, the Fera have maintained their meager colonies,
protectorates, and spawning grounds since the Wars of Rage.
Each of the Fera has its own traditional homelands, and each
has seized new ones. Now as the world tilts further our of
balance, the Wyld surges through these places, and a few
young heroes seek mew places where there kind can thrive.

To understand where they are going, one must know
where they have been-Here, then, isasummary of where the
many Fera have been seen and encountered in the World of
Darkness. Consider it the penultimate chapter of the world's
history, if you will— the heroes you represent must write the
final chapter.

ANfeicn ;

Millennia ago, Africa was a haven for shapeshifters.
With no wolves present, the Garou had little reason to
expand south of the Sahara. The vigilance of Simba, Swara
and Bagheera. Bastet and titanic saurian. Mokolé
repelled the few packs of werewolves who entered the area
regardless. Human incursions were-far subtler, bringing
European: culture into the heart of Africa..As humans
arrived, so did the vampires who preyed on them. Yet even
the most feral vampires tread lightly on the Dark Continent.
In the depths of wilderness, Fera defend their territories with
the same ferocity they displayed millennia ago.

‘The most dramatic development in recent years was the
fotmatrion of the Ahadi, a loose coalition of African shapeshifters
that have to date demonstrated more cooperation between
Breeds than.any other alliance outside the Beast Courts has for
millennia. Although the Ahadi does not control territory with
an iron claw, and neither does it guarantee cooperation be-

Chapter One: The World of the Fera 23

———E—E——————e ier iri.


tween African Fera,it is far more wide-ranging and efficient a
treaty than Africa's shapeshifters have ever seen:

The Ajaba can trace their origins to the Serengeti
grasslands; they have ranged as far as India and South Africa.
The last of the Hyena Kings died twenry years ago, slain by
a rurhless Simba Basrer named Black Tooth in the shadow
of Mount Kilimanjaro. Black Tooth's sinister allies have
magically warded the area, preventing hyenas from ever
returning. By migrating to urban areas, they have enstred
their own survival, and recently their queen, Kisasi, almost
single-handedly engineered the alliance that formied the
basis of the Ahadi. However, they still have no real home,
despite advances made during the Ahadi's establishment.

For the Ananasi,.no matter where they are born, two
places on the planet are considered their homelands —~ Africa
is one of them. From its desolate deserts to its deepest jungles,
there isno place in Africa where the werespiders cannot thrive.
Other Fera contemplate the shortages of food in remote lands,
but for the Ananasi, as long as there are people, there is food.
Blood satisfies the spiders' hunger like nothing elsé. On this
continent, ina place known as Estotilandia, Ananasi ancestors
first crawled into the world; it isa sacred place, one that attracts
Ananasi pilgrims from all over the world. In the same way, its
location is kept secret, and its guardians vow that none but their
own kind will ever set foot in it.

The Bastet are numerous on this continent as well, so
much so that they consider the Ananasi intruders. The leonine
Simba dominate their territories with strength even Garou
cannot easily overcome. Simba value strength. and ‘order,
‘considering themselves the most noble of their kind. Swara, the
cheetahs, patrol che plains and grasslands, demonstrating their
swiftness as they chase down any who invade rheir lands.
Known for their extreme xenophobia and mistrustful natures,
they have become increasingly willing to hunt whartheydonot
understand. Bagheera are drawn to places where their leopard
Kinfolk thrive. Even more enigmatic are the magical Bubasti of
ancient Egypt. The werecats go by many names, and they have
helped many African cultures prosper.

The African Corax have a presence in the Makunguiru,
a splinter group of Corax that breeds with white-necked
ravens. The Makunguru serve as messengers and witnesses to
the supernatural world, from the Sahara Desert to Capetown.
Unfortunately, they've seen many of the horrors this conti-
ment has to offer: corpses piled high, villages devastated by
plague, monsters feasting on fields of plague victims, and
children starving while nearby warehouses of food rot. Each
of these physical horrors casts shadows in the spirit world that
are even more horrific. The wereravens have séen too much,
and they know too much. Because they've witnessed évents
they shouldn'rt have —— sometimes plucking those memories
from the eyes of the dead —— they have made great enemies,
monsters that seek revenge against those who refuse to keep
the rest of the world ignorant of such atrocities.

Africa's native shapechanging crocodilians, the Mokolé-
mbembe, are relatively diverse for their kind. Although the
Mokolé-mbembe have spread into the Americas, those that

24 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

remain breed largely with the Nile crocodile, and are fierce
warriors among their own kind. Repopulation is their most
immediate goal, but African heroes hear the call to fulfill
ancient prophecies —— revelations only contained in the
collective memories of the Mokolé.

Stranger days await these strange crocodiles: In the Um-
bral swamps of the Congo river, a large community of reptilian
brothers and sisters worship the last of the Dinosaur Kings, a
creature too impossible to exist in the physical world. Their
young lead raids against W/yrm-tainted creatures across Africa.
In Nigeria, Lagos, Angola, Burkina Faso, and more remote
regions, Kirifolk priests and local cults keep ancient Mokolé
safe from the outside world — while secretly worshipping them
as the ancient powers they truly are. Along the Zambezi River,
Mokolé patrol for the last rermnants of Black Tooth's pride, the
Endless Storm, the band of killers once led by that maniacal
Simba. In mythical Khem, Nile crocodiles aided the Bubasti in
their crusades against Set's followers; their descendents now
skulk through the, swamps of the Sudan...:and have spread
across the rest of.Africa. Far stranger events take place in the
shaclows, existing only in the memories of isolated Mokolé.

Wherever humans suffer, African Ratkin rejoice. Plague
and pestilence spread quickly there, especially among popula-
tions weakened by starvation and poverty. On this continent,
disease is the wererats' greatest weapon. The patriarch ofalocal
wererat tribe prides himself on an almost spirirual understand-
ing of his favorite infection, the Ebola virus. Orher "Plague
Lords" contest his position of supremacy, struggling to increase
the virulence of competing outbreaks. Unfortunately, the most
powerful Plague Lorcds are finding themselves haunted by the
ghosts of humans they have slain; in the Final Days, some of
have returned to the world as Walking Dead benr on ven-
geance. Rodens-breed Ratkin know that this continent is also
home to the infamous three-foot-long African giant rat. Car-
trying these genes to other parts of the planet has gradually
increased the size of their Kin on all the continents.

The Rokea consider Africa a mysterious place, since
they know many shapechangets inhabit the interior. In
cities along the shores, Rokea "Betweeners" live in human
settlements, but even they fear to travel far inland.
Wreresharks hold few designs on those who live on land.
Wumans are capable of much greater aggression against the
seas, especially on the Southern coast, where sharks have
been drawn to food and garbage dumped into the water by
men. Following through, the local humans have set up huge
nets in the water, which snare and kill hundreds of sharks
each year, as well.as other marine creatures. While the
killing of trapped sharks has decreased in recent years, the
Rokea are tortured by the urge to take action. The sinking
of ships may not be prudent for their long-term survival, but
as the waters are increasingly polluted, long-term prospects
seem uncertain....and violence may escalate.

Lepr
The Bubasti have lived in Egypt since the days of mythic
Khem. The kingdom, it is said, was laid low by a vampire lord

FE AT i OY a A

|


known'as Ser —— but even he has failed-to drive them away.
Some outsiders believe there is a mystical connection between
the Bubasti and their homeland that ensures its survival —- the
Bubasti certainly aren't telling. Unlike many Bastet, these
"shadowcats" prefer to remain in asingle place foryears or even.
decades. Yet no matter where they make their homes, they are
invariably curious about their origins, usually traveling to Egypt
at some point during their life. Curiosity compels them to seek
mysteries. In Egypt, they find what they seek.

Long ago, the Mokolé found a way to coexist with the
humans of Ancient Egypt, particularly in..che legendary
"Crocodilopolis" whére humans once worshiped Mokolé
nobility. Some of their rituals were absorbed into the Gifts
and rites of Garou and Bubasti, including ceremonies per-
formed for the Silent Strider's Crocodile totem. Now all that
remains of that culture are the few hidden bodies of mum-
mified Mokolé.:...and.shapeshifting crocodiles along the
Nile who dream of an empire long sirice past.

The Nagah have always prospered in Africa; particu-
larly in Ancient Egypt. The Nile was a bountiful breeding
ground. Although the Egyptian Totems worshipped in god-
like forms did not deign to watch over the wereserpents, a
growing respect for "snake cults" allowed the race to survive.
The rise of more physical gods; including the vampire lords
known as Set and Sutekh, led ro the corruption of the land.
While the Nagah joined in many assaults against the varn-
pire cults that worshipped: these false gods, it was a futile
crusade. Most died, or left... and their descendents harbored
an undying thirst for revenge against Set's children.

"Today, Egypt is a focus for conflict as the Silent Stricders
redouble their efforts to break the curse laid on them and
recover their homeland. The Fera of Egypt are left with a
choice —- do they aid the Striders against the varnpires who
displaced them, thus potentially opening the road for an-
other Garou invasion, or do they wash their hands of rhe
affair and potentially hand the Wyrm's forces another
victory? For some of the bitter Bubasti and Mokolé,.the
choice is not an easy one.

PUavverrs 2 Picea

As cotription set into East Africa, many Fera devel-
oped hunting grounds in the West. For instance, the Nagalx
of Western Africa found new serpent Kin, including mam-
bas and kraits. Less than two hundred years ago, European
slavers sought out new populations to éxploit. Just as they
decimated human kingdoms, they enslaved human Kinfolk.
Mokolé Kinfolk were valued for their strength, and Nagah
Kinfolk were renowned for their health and fitness. The
atrocities of slavers spread these offspring to other parts of
the world —~-and inspired quests to find lost Kinfolk.

The Ahadi has no real strength in Western Africa —
instead, Western Africa is home to scattered individual Fera
who hold their own territories and conduct their own affairs
with liccle contact with their cousins. The Rokeaare busy off
the coast, savagely targeting those that they recognize as the
worst trespassers in their seas. The Rarkin are strong here as

Se

well, and are' particularly vicious when dealing with their
human targets. The strong Ratkin presence tends to under-
mine the efforts of the Ahadi to increase its presence here —
the Rarkin don't require a riew social order, and are very
resistant to efforts to impose one.

Sha thiddle E22

‘This region has no shortage of reporters; so it is with the
Corax. With constant wars and rumors of wars, they have as
much to fear from the human populace as the supernatural
population: Humans often perpetrate these atrocities on
their own, but when supernatural forces influence the out-
come, the wereravens are skilled at finding out who is
responsible: Unfortunately, they lack the wisdom to keep
quiet about what they find.

The Ananasi have encountered anew horror hidden in
this part of the world. A network of spider cults extends from
the Mediterranean to India, with threads that reach as far
away as Americaand Australia. Mysterious Kumoti cults are
led by Ananasi' who have forsaken the gods of their kind,
elevating themselves to the status of godhood. Suffused with
the madness of the Wyld, these messianic creatures ensnare
humans and force other "lesser creatures" to worship them.
The oldest horrors hide in the Middle East; where they have
become bloated and megalomaniacal —~ and sometimes so
utterly convincing in their dementia that they recruit the
very Ananasi sent to destroy them.

One of the most successful breeding grounds for the
Rokea lies in the Bay of Bengal, where they swim with
Ganges River sharks. Because many humans cast their dead
to the waters, feeding upon them has become a sacred rite.
By contrast, the Persian Gulfhas become aspawning ground
for the Wyrm's creations. Oils and contaminants have
spread, rhe result not only of industry,-but also due to
recurring wars. Sharks in the mearby Arabian. Sea make
repeated raids into the area, but the "Small Wounds" in-
flicted by mankind are festering. Brave souls try to live on
the land in coastal cities in Pakistan and Oman, -but ‘as
outsiders to human culrure, they find the local religions and
politics alien to their ancient sensibilities.

hier

These are the lands of the hengeyokai, ‘Eastern
shapeshifters who avoided the Wars of Rage and fought
different wars of their own. Most of the local Garou have
withdrawn from the ways of the West, including the Star-
gazer tribe and isolated cousins of the Shadow Lords known
as the Hakken..The spirit of cooperation is greater here
among shapechangers than in other parts of the world. Some
hengeyokai gather in mixed-Breed packs called sentai, pro-
tecting sacred places called Dragon Nests. For each of the
Fera, there is an Asian society that is hesitant to welcome
travelers from the West — and with good reason.

Many Eastern shapeshifters are cautious about entéring
large cities, for they know about the Kindred of the East,
Kuei-jin. vampires who are ruthless in their ambitions.

Chapter One: The VWiorld of the Fera 25

— a iinet.

L

Hakken guard urban territories in Japan, while Glass Walk-
ers patrol other major Asian cities, particularly in Hong
Kong; thus, hengeyokai are still cautious in such places.
Although they escaped the Wars of Rage, Eastern
shapechangers still prefer the wilderness, if only to hide the
Earth's holiest places from unholy evils.

For the Ananasi, among the greatest dangers to their
kind are the tortured and Wyrm-tainted werespiders known
as Kumo, or goblin spiders. Their greatest heresy is a claim
that the Wyrm is the "Mother-Queen" of their race. Ananasa,
a "totem" of the werespiders, sometimes sends Ananasi as
agents to seek out and destroy these abominations. Yet the
corruption of the Wyrm is stronger than many noble souls,
and as more werespiders scurry in, more seem to join the
swarm. of Kumo.

Asia is home to many species of bears, but Gurahl are
still fearful when they enter these lands. Most native species,
including the moon bear, sloth bear, and sun bear, are close
to extinction, and the giant pandas are too dissimilar to the
Gurahl for successful breeding. Despite the hengeyokai's
reluctance to allow Westerners into the territories, three
Gurahl have been granted the right to do what they can
defend and rebuild populations of these species. The native
Asian werebears, the Okuma, were slaughrered long ago.
They were one of the few races to die here a mystery no
Stargazer seems willing to solve. Rather than seeking re-

26 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

/ iia a A

venge, the Gurahl are content to heal and restore the
natural world where they can.

The Khan can trace their origins back to India, but they
have roamed as far north as Siberia and as far east as Japan.
Their leaders have fallen, and they are now far more concerned
with survival than prowling their former hunting grounds.
Regal creatures, they exceed many Silver Fangs and Simba
~— in their nobility. Khan heroes risk their lives to demonstrate
that they are just as worthy of glory, but it's a dangerous game;
there just aren't enough Khan lives to go around.

North ofthe thirtieth parallel, rrue-blooded Asian Nagah
are scarce. While some Kinfolk live in the region, its cold and
mountainous areas are inhospitable to cold-blooded crea-
tures. Southern Asia is quite different. In the jumgles and
rivers of Southern China, Cambodia, Malaysia, and Vietnam,
serpents and wereserpents thrive. Throughout the islands of
Indonesia, Sri Lanka, and the Philippines, Nagah spawn in
ever-increasing numbers. Some have even come to consider
this a new homeland, one that rivals India (see below).

Among the hengeyokai, a tribe of Asian Ratkin known
as the Nezumi demonstrate their mastery of the ways of "low
war" — tactics employed when all sense of honor has been
abandoned in battle. Sabotage and assassination allow them
to bring any conflict between different groups of
shapechangers to a quick (and often fatal) conclusion. In
Japan, Nezumi Kinfolk have their origins in the lowest

ey


éastes of feudal Japan: In other parts of Asia, nomadic packs
trace their roots to more barbaric origins.

Unlike Western Rokéa, the Same-Bito sharks of Asia are
bold enough to actually interact with other hengeyokai — if
only in limited ways. They have a need for such alliances, for
it is dangerous to be a shark in these waters. In Japan and
China, humans maintain the barbaric practice of "finning:"
cutting off a shark's fin and leaving it to thrash and die. Shark
and shark fin are human delicacies, and hunting takes place
unrestrained near the sea's surface. While the Same-Bito are
nor as disdainful of human civilization as are their Western
cousins, they are not so permissive that they have forgotten
their bloodlust or righteous anger.

In the Beast Courts of the East, Tengu wereravens soar
where Corax fear tofly. Evernnamong the chattriest hengeyokai,
some secrets are never shared, and some topics are taboo. The
activities of Cathayans the Eastern vampires —— include a
great deal of forbidden knowledge. Wyrm-tainted Tengu, on
the other hand, may volunteer ro serve as messengers for these
monsters... and possibly spies for the Wyrm as well.

Eastern Mokolé, called Zhong Lung, avoid cities when
they can. They hide in the wilderness of China, Japan, Korea,
Tibet, Viet Nam, Laos, Thailand, Malaysia, and Indonesia.
Their descendants can only incarnate as crocodilians native
to these lands. Unlike Western Mokolé, a Zhong Lung's role
in sociery is defined by the time of year when he was born; this
has given rise to beautiful seasonal poetry thar captures the
spirits of these "Dragons of the East."

At the end of the last century, some shapechangers
claimed these lands harbored rare Fera that had survived in
Obscurity for millennia. One of the most outrageous tales
manages to persist despite any proof to support ic: that of
sapient shapeshifting orangutans. Some urban legerids sim-
ply will not die.

Whe Whigihe Xtrng doar:
tina, Paper, apd Xored

The Kirsune,a race of Japatiese werefoxes, have their
homeland in this part of the world. The Nine-Tails remain
an enigma for Westerner shapeshifters, displaying a talent
for magic anda playful (almost mocking) attitude when they
are encountered. They are most populous (again, relatively
speaking) in Japan, where they are regarded as more arro-
gant than mainland Kitsune. Few are seen outside the island
of Japan, but that shouldn't prevent a werefox hero from
wanting to explore lands her ancestors never saw. No doubt
she' ll find wonders... even if she can't find allies.

Just as the Sea of Japan sepatates this island froni the
mainland, iralso separates the atticudes of different Kitsune.
Chinese Kitsune are far more adaptive than Japanese Nine-
Tails, adjusting to the tumultuous human history of the
mainland. While they vastly prefer the wilderness, they
cannot resist the allure of the cities, where they find oppor-
tunities to explore and play. By the same measure, Korean
Kitsune are considered the most welcoming, despite the
many conflicts that have torn the local human civilization

SS

apart: When traveling across the Asian mainland, -the
Nuwisha share a certain kinship with the Kitsune, admiring
their humor and perseverance. It is a friendship ‘that sets
Kitsune against other hengeyokai.

The Eastern Nagah do not keep their existence a secret
from other hengeyokai, although they still have a few Sacred
Secrets they keep to themselves, such as the activities and
location of their governing councils. A rare few even dare to
join a hengeyokai sentai, working with other shapeshifters to
aid the Beast Courts of the East. However, even the bravest
WNagah do not normally venture into Northern China, Japan,
and Korea, as the "hordes" of Asian Ratkin have effectively
wiped outalllikely Kinfolk populations. Although cooperation.
exists in the East, old enmities have not entirely disappeared.

Southeast Asia, on the other hand, is becoming almost as
populous with wereserpents as India is. W/arm rivers with ample
plant life, such as the Mekong, Si Kiang, and Hong, are ideal
breeding grounds for their kind, and have been for thousands
of years. It is every rumored that in the remote wilderness of
Thailand, there is a village populated solely by Nagah and their
Kinfolk a haven for physically and spiritually wounded
serpents to renew themselves. Some believe that certain re-
gions in the Southeast Asia may become more important to
Nagah culture in the new century than any other places in the
world. Orhers look to the approaching signs of the End Times
and abandon such optimism.

Throughout the Middle Kingdom, Asiari Mokolé called
Zhong Long struggle to maintain their numbers. This "stream" of
Chinese alligators inhabits many communes along the Yangtze
River, which include a fair number of Kinfolk and would-be
dragons. Their solitary elders retreat to the mountains, where
they recall rhe many purges and slaughters of rhe human popu-
lation throughout the last century. The gradual disappearance of
Chinese alligators is just as troubling to them; it requires the larest
generation of Zhong Lung to travel far from home to breed.
They're still berrer off chan their Japanese relations, however: the
searciry of reptiles on the island of Japan has forced the few
remaining Mokolé communities there to "lose the dragon."
Young Japanese and Korean Mokolé must either bring reptile
mates from abroad or leave their homes to find them. Meanwhile,
in Thailand, a clutch has been waiting years for one nest with six
eggs to hatch; why it has not harched remains a mystery.

Spi

The Nagah have thrived in India for rhousands of years,
even while Wars of Rage continued. Their ancestors learned to
move unseen in some of the most populated places on Earth,
and they still do so today. Hidden amidst the crowds of places
like Calcutta, Mumbai, and New Delhi, nests of serpents walk
as men, hunting the few Fera who are foolish enough to
confront them on the Nagah's native soil. The Nagah have
skills to infiltrate any supernatural society, bur some of their
mnost infamous enemies have detected the wereserpents sent to
assassinate them — and tracked them back to India.

Some wereserpents consider the Indiari Nagah to be
paragons of their race. Long ago, their Kinfolk included

Chapter One: The World of the Fera 27

t

human nobility; idealists would go so far as to say that these
offspring were actually destined to become royalty. Learning
from the failures of Silver Fangs, they expanded their ex-
tended families, breeding with humans who exhibited quali-
ties they most admired. At one point, they claimed a
percentage of the two highest castes of Indian society ——
Brahmin priests and Kshatriya warriors — as their Kinfolk.
In neighboring regions, they bred extensive Kinfolk families
in Sri Lanka, Pakistan, and Bangladesh. It is said that in
those distant days, major cities and significant villages each
had at least one Nagah to act as an intermediary with the
supernatural world and its denizens. In the most remote
corners of the world, the practice may well have survived.

The Makara Mokolé spring from a source in India as
well. Werecrocodiles believe that some of their greatest
heroes helped shape the legends of this land. Their modern
descendents assume the forms of saltwater crocodiles, mug-
ger crocodiles, and gavials. India's native crocodiles are
endangered, however, and fewer Makara are harched each
year. Despite epic pilgrimages of idealistic young clutches,
their breeding grounds remain isolated from each other, and
communication between them is rare.

An obscure sect of Ratkin has distorted myths of
murderous cults to expand a shadowy society in India's more
remote corners. Claiming to be among the finest assassins in
the world, the Thuggee refuse to work for anyone outside
their cult. Instead, they listen to the directives of their Rat
God—their unpredictable religious zealotry will not doubt
serve as a random force in the coming Apocalypse.

The Bastet are represented in India by both Khan and
Bagheera; both tribes have a very long history in the region,
but are very much on the defensive at the moment. The
Khan are down to a mere vestige of their former numbers,
but refuse to abandon the Indian subcontinent that their
ancestors watched over for millennia. The Bagheera have
less of astake in the continued occupation of India, as Africa
is still a place of some potential refuge, but the Indian
Bagheera are unwilling to leave. The two tribes of Bastet
have something of a truce between them —— but being
Bastet, and not social animals by nature, they tend to
cooperate more sporadically than would be ideal.

Jeong

A. temple in Indonesia is home to one of the most
insidious criminal masterminds in the world: the direct
descendent of a Victorian Ratkin known as the Giant Rat of
Sumatra. His empire of crime extends across Southeast
Asia, though few outsiders dare to guess what the true
purpose behind his machinations might be. It is said that the
Thuggee are at his command; others suggest he is gathering
tribeless Ratkin against them in a secretive conflict.

na

a Throughout the twentieth century, most of this coun-

try was surrounded by a mysterious boundary called the
Shadow Curtain, a spiritual barrier that prevented many

28

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

supernatural creatures frorm entering its Penumbra. Asian
Ratkin claim credit for its collapse, citing the many
"boltholes" they created to bypass it. Regardless of the actual
cause for the Curtain's fall, the other Fera have been quick
to seize various sacred sites behind the fallen curtain and
find more breeding grounds. Tragically, the Silver Fangs
that guarded many of these sites for centuries are lacking the
strength to repel them. Indian Fera, expanding their territo-
ries northward, justify their attacks on Silver Fangs through
the concept of "karma;" others call it revenge.

From Mongolia to Siberia, a tribe of nomadic Ratkin
known as the Horde does all it can to spread the chaos
created by the fall of the Shadow Curtain. Each month, they
assemble in a different location to share information about
the activities of various Fera, as well as other supernatural
creatures. The assassination of degenerate Silver Fangs is
considered one of their most noble (or ignoble) goals. All of
them are required to wield fetishes called "Pain Daggers,"
regardless of their aspect in wererat society.

Russia is also allegedly home to some of the greatest
Gurahl heroes who ever lived; there are tales of secret dens
where a few great bear-lords slumber away the centuries,
awaiting the Apocalypse.

Silent

This continent was once home to the Bunyip, a wise
tribe known for their mastery.of the Umbra, or at least a
portion of the spirit world they knew as the Dreamtime. The
War of Rage never affected Australia, since the continent
remained isolated until several centuries ago. Yet the Wyrm
is vigilant: some say the treachery of a pack of Black Spiral
Dancers brought about the untimely demise of the Bunyip
tribe. Others blame the aggression and ambition of Euro-
pean Garou. Among the Fera, the distinction between
W/yrm-tainted werewolves and Garou enslaved by Rage isa
minor one. Death is death, and wolves are wolves.

Greater horrors lurk here. Over a century ago, the
Ananasi roamed this land freely —~- until dozens of their kind
were found slaughtered in the wilderness. Werespiders hunted
the perpetrator of this atrocity... until their remains were
found scattered across the Outback as well. Aboriginal
mystics called the monster responsible for these horrors the
Yahwie, a ferocious creature capable of assuming many
forms. The few survivors who have seen it describe it as a
black-clad human, a specter of Death Itself. Whenever it is
reported dead, it rises again; thus, only very brave Ananasi
dare to enter Australia.

The Corax didn't arrive Down Under until the Bunyip
were almost extinct. Despite their best efforts to speak to the
villains responsible, the real identity of the Bunyip's killers is
one secret they haven't managed to snatch. At the same time,
Europeans introduced a different culture to the continent,
along with a number of species that played havoc with the
local ecology. Although the Europeans brought ravens with
them, true Corax are few and far between here, even now.

OE A Pe LT LY LL A

|


Invaders continue to arrive, but this will always be the
homeland of the Gumagan Mokolé: a stream that takes the
forms of perenty monitors and saltwater crocodiles. Many of
their homids have aboriginal ancestry, but as rhe End Times
approach, some Europeans have awakened to the Dragon's
Dream, realizing their distant relation to the saurians. A few
Mokolé clutches have survived in Ulungan, in New Guinea,
in the deserts of Bandaiyan,-and throughour the Torres
Strait Islands. A few are found in more isolated "island
mobs," such as the clutch on Melville Island. In-Sourhern
Australia, sutvivors claim the "last War of Rage" decimated
much of their stream in 1788. Now rebuilding rhe fragile
population of a dying race is their highest priority.

Centuries ago, the Nagah lived harmoniously with the
Bunyip. After all, che tribal totem for these Garou was the
Rainbow Serpent, and the mystics of bath societies held
close communion with the many varieties of snake-spirits
found there. Rarely were they forced ro act against the
Bunyip, bur when the first Europeans arrived; the Nagah
found much to do. The tragic loss of the Dreamtime tribe
encouraged the Nagah to prorect this land, and they have
defended it ever since. Australia is home to some of the
deadliest snakes in the world; even its waters reem with
venomous sea snakes. Some Nagah travel to this land for the
honor of breeding with such species. The race not only has
serpentine Kinfolk in Australia, .but also human Kinfolk
living among aboriginal tribes.

Nuwisha passing through Australia fear whar lies inthe
local Penumbra. When they must enrer this realm, they
prefer using their true forms, for it is said that the ghosts of
the Bunyip still seek revenge against the remaining tribes of
Garou. Brave Limbral travelers seek out these tortured souls,
hoping to offer them solace..A few even use their Gifts to
disguise themselves as Bunyip, performing ceremonies to
honor the spirits this lost tribe worshipped —~ a deception
only the coyotes would dare attempt. When such ceremo-
nies succeed, their joy is great. When these spirits encounter
Garou from the surviving tribes, their rage is equally great.

The waters surrounding Australia are critical ro the
Rokéa, as they contain many breeding grounds for their
kind. Humans are familiar with the Great Barrier Reef, one
of the weresharks' most sacred places, but they are not so
bold asto swim from Shark's Bay in Wesrern Australia to the
Chill Warer Bites Grorto, where the local spirit world has a
pronounced affect on human visitors. Three other "grottos"
are hidden in more remote places in Australia's reefs. With
such-a respectable population of Rokea, their young are
more willing to travel onto land; the Makara Mokolé have
even aided a few of them. Garou have encountered rhem as
well, with results both promising and dubious.

Siyrcne

In the many cities of Europe, the Anarnasi learn to live
in close proximity to humans. Rigidly developing culrural
camouflage, they survive in areas where far older and stron-

Sn tc cm SS

ger creatures rule the night. Since this is the Old Country of
more traditional vampires, Ananasi must be subtle and
patient enough to work in plain sight, even when everyone
around them is suspicious. When traveling from one region
to the next,-cultures and mores can change even more
quickly than national boundaries; thus, European Ananasi
must be masters of subterfuge. If they fail, they are slain by
other supernatural creatures that question their motives.
After all, if the vampires won't crush a wayward spider, a
Garou pack in the throes of bloodlust certainly will.

Brown bears originated in Europe, and the Gurahl never
really left: Nor all are gone, a scant few remain, merely
sleeping, waiting for the time when they will emerge from
slumber. In the Scandinavian arctic, afew surviving members
of the Ice Stalker tribe have carved a niche for themselves. In
fact, all four of the Gurahl tribes are represented here. Despite
their best efforts, the ursine population of Europe is close to
extinction. Other Fera may chide the werebears for failing to
heal the world, bur first, they are desperarely concerned with
healing their Kirifolk and their own kind.

Northern Europe once served as the homelands of the
Ceilican Bastet tribe, a hidden tribe rhat resembled domes-
ticated cats more than any other tribe -—~ save for their
surging passions and rebellious sensibilities. Their ancestors
were the wildcats and maneless lions that inspired ancient
kings: They seemed to have an intuitive understanding of
fey magic, arid were allegedly consumed by wanderlust. But
their yearly gathering was held on the Scottish moors, inthe
heart of Black Spiral Dancer territory —— and eventually, the
Dancers took notice. The Ceilican were slaughtered, and if
any escaped the Dancers' clutches, nobody has heard from
the survivors:

Another extiner Changing Breed had their homelands
in Europe as well. The Grondr wereboars maintained rituals
to purify the land..As the Wyrm grew in power, it destroyed
them, twisting them into ephemeral creatures that only exist
in the Umbra. Various Banes, known by such colorful names
as "Skull Pigs" and "Flesh Hogs," are descended from them.

Corax fly freely over Europe, resting in aeries across the
continent. In Southern Europe, Greece harbors an entire
colony of Corax Kinfolk.In northern Europe, Scandinavian
wereravens hope to live up to the legends of Hugin and
Munin, Odin's loyal companions. Everywhere in-between,
they whisper secrets learned from orher shapechangers, but
their conracts are careful, and very well hidden. Europe
serves asa haven for many ancient vampires, and most are
vigilant in making sure secret lore stays secret... Thus, wise
European ravens don't stay in one place for long.

The Mokolé have always been raré in Europe. It is
believed that the "dragons" of European legends were actu-
ally Wyrm-tainted creatures — but it would more horrific if
their ranks included corrupted Mokolé..Such tales are but
distarit legends now, blasphemous and insulting rales no
sane Mokolé would dare contemplate. Dreams of such
events would surely manifest as nightmares.

Chapter One: The World of the Fera 29

— ET EN,


European Ratkin have a passion for intrigue and miys-
réry. A plague of spies and informers known as the Gamine
scurries across the continent. They filter back what they see,
hear, and acquire to their matriarch; an.elderly female
Ratkin named DeFarge who hides in the sewers of Paris. Her
court passes judgment: on outsiders with outrageous atroci-
ties mirroring those of the French Revolution, and her tribe
screams for mob rule. Of course,-this is also the continent
where black rats spread the earliest incarnations ofthe Black
Plague; the Plague Lords have fairhfully maintained, spread,
and mutated this horror ever since.

Next to North -America, Europe holds the highest
population of Rokea "Betweeners" in the world — the
number of countries bordering the sea encourages thérn to
venture onto land regularly. In coastal cities, a rare few
Rokea have encountered the local undead. lt seems some
vampires have adapted the practice of casting their enemies
into the sea, and the weresharks have developed a taste for
their victim's foul flesh. In the Aegean Sea, Rokea have
actually begun spawnirig near a stronghold of female
werewolves calling themselves rhe "Furies." Because the
local spirits are appeased rhere, the weresharks' fertiliry has
increased around the island. One wonders what will happen
when the werewolves find out. The opposite is true in the
Baltic Sea; where. pollution has created a supernatural
barrier that blocks off most of the Gulf of Finland. No Rokea
who has entered that corrupted realm has ever returned.

Pat CLI

Althotgh Great Britain has traditionally been one of
the strongholds of the Garou, afew Fera manage to stake out
some territory on the British Isles. The Corax have strong
ties to supernatural communities across the United King-
dom. A millennia ago, the Celts and Saxons considered the
wereravens patrons of battle, extolling them-in art, music
and legend, including the rales of Morrigu and Morrigan.
Any wereraven worth his black feathers should be able to
recite these tales from memory. Unfortunately, many of the
youngest Corax cannot, for the bright and shining distrac-
tions of modern human culture have distracted chem.

The Nagah are rarer in Europe than they are anywhere
elsé. While the continent hasa relatively high population of
potential Nagah Kinfolk, very few Nagah gather their nests
there. The chief exception, oddly enough, is in parts of
Great Britain, particularly among Kinfolk from India and
Pakistan. Despite this, legends of Fianna "driving the snakes
from Ireland" are still told with grandeur'and glory in
werewolf caerns. The few Nagah who have manage to bréed
with Kinfolk in Ireland have done little to rebuild their
population.

Seiuttt Laervci

The Amazon rainforesrs remain a critical location to
many of the world's shapechangers, even the Garou — yet
there is far more to this continent than this one area."The
Fera's mastery of guerilla tactics kept the Garou from over-

30 Players Guide to the CAAKRGIAG Breeds

EE Ee, Le LE A

running the sacred places of this continent during the Wars
of Rage. While the Western. Concordiat of werewolves is
still obsessed with retaking the Amazon, even after ten years
of war, the other shapechangers remain unchallenged in the
rest of South America.

South America isa Stronghold for the Ananasi. They
are fanatic about keeping the Garou from spreading their
conflicts in the Amazon to other parts of the continent.
Ancient and patient elders lie in wait for fools who would
dare enter their domains. In fact, the same sense of propriety
forces them to punish Balam and Mokolé guilty of such
crimes. Although the signs marking their territories are
subrle, that has not stopped werespiders from ruthlessly
punishing (and sométimes devouring) those who do not
recognize these warnings. The most cryptic warning is a
serious of gigantic designs made along the Nazca Plain.-.

" symbols so huge they are only fully recognizable from the air.

The Balam are werejaguars that have retreated to the
rainforests of Central and South America. Reclusive crea-
tures, many havé established Umbral refuges called Den-
Realms, where they are content to maintain their honor and
raise their families. Linfortunately, they are just as territorial
as werewolves, often coming into conflict with farmers,
loggers, fomori, Pentéx developments....and of course,
Garou. Many of their ancestral estates have fallen imrecent
years, leading to acts of honor, revenge, and violence. A few
have begun establishing Den-Realms in cities instead, but
wherever a Balam establishes her home, she will fight to the
death to defend it. Young Bastet sometimes patrol around
these areas to ensure their safety:...and look for a fight.

A few Corax are brave enough to try to coordinate the
many communities of Ferain South America. This is largely
an effort to influence. the outcome of the: War for the
Amazon — and it's largely considered a futile war. Garou,
Bastet, and Mokolé must sometimes stand together against
the Wyrm, particularly Pentex security, but they spend
neatly as much time fighting' each other. Because they
cannot stand togerher, they aré failing separately.

Three tribes of Gurahl mainrain small "protectorates"
on this continent: the River Keepers, Forest Walkers, and
Mountain Guardians." Though they breed with native spe-
cies — such as the specracled bear —— local governments
have few resources to aid their atrempts at conservation.
The South American werebears tend to make way for the
Bastet who roam this continent. Sadly, they have begun. to
realize the werecats are capable of the sarne arrogance as the
Garou. Their numbers are too few to bother participating in
the War for the Amazon, even.as healers.

Almost two hundred years ago, South América served
asa New World for the Mokolé-mbembe. Shipments -of
African slaves brought to this continent included Mokolé
Kinfolk; later. arrivals included Mokolé searching for lost
Kin. Escaping from their human captors, they explored an
environment with an ideal climate and abundant prey- It
also included a diversity of Féra norseen in many other parts

|


of the world. Within the last few decades, the Mokolé have
been.roused from their isolation by the increasing devasta-
tion of the Amazon Rainforest: Some young heroes have
joined with other Fera to drive Wyrm-tainted humans
out... but they suffer scorn for the alliances they make.

Lush rainforests and their watery domains make ideal
homes for the Nagah. Hidden from civilization, undiscov-
ered species of venomous Kinfolk conceal the wereserpents'
true numbers. Political and economic conflicts do not
concern them. Because the Garou are content to continue
to die in a never-ending war for the rainforest,.the
wereserpents breathe a bit easier here.

Nuwisha passing through this land confirm that man-
kind has not lost its ability to prey upon its own kind.
Wherever the rich and powerful exploit the poor and
suffering, Coyote demands justice:...and the chance to
laugh at che Nuwisha's acts of revenge. Pranking keeps many
travelers busy, since they were never invited to join in the
War for the Amazon. Nonetheless, the few who coyotes who
are brave enough to enter this war zone have been learning
the fine art of monkeywrenching, secretly aiding the war
against the Wyrm.

South American Ratkin are drawn to some of the most
horrific shims the Third War has to offer. Overpopulated
cities stoke their sinister urges, encouraging them to regard
all human life as disposable. They gather wherever starva-
tion and poverty are prevalent, taking credit for these forces
as they fester and spread. A local tribe called the Borrachon
consists largely of cursed Kinfolk who can never escape this
cycle of poverty and suffering. When they are first Infected,
they accept their fate,.and eventually .do all they can to
inflict che same suffering om humans .Orher Ratkin call
these sick creatures "drunken. rats," largely because of a
South American Ratkin rite involving poisoned liquor and
the delirium tremens it creates.

The Nagah of this continent do not travel much. With
so many shapeshifters present here, they have redoubled
their efforts to obscure their race's existerice. Judging the
local Bastety Mokolé, Ananasi, and Garou keeps rhem busy,
and monitoring the activities of the Wyrm's minions creates
a constant battle for survival. Ic is rumored that a few nests
of Nagah have made pacts with Ukrena itself, suggesting
that. some of its spiritual servitors may also ally with the
Nagah's spiritual guardians, the Wani.

South America has been home to many species of Fera,
who sometimes return to their homelands tovreconnect with
their spiritual roots. One species of Fera will never return. The
Camazotz werebats bore witness to evil acts committed in
darkness; unfortunately, they could not see the danger of foreign
invaders. It is said that Shadow Lord homids helped direct
Conquistadors to hunt them down, but no witnesses remain.

GH Cieritaecde

Some Nagah Kinfolk -stolen from. their homelands to
satisfy the African slave trade spread the lore of their people to
other lands. In the Caribbean, Yoruban religion and Christian

Sen Ate rs tin EE SEs ls

myth have combined to form many synchretised beliefs. As part
of this, many Caribbean Kinfolk, traveling as far as Louisiana,
have altered their animistic beliefs to incorporate human reli-
gions. Caribbean Nagah have a few unique rites celebrating
their own "serpent god," whom they call Dhamballah.

The Rokea are also slowly building their numbers here,
and thus some are. bold enough to venture onto land.
Human ships, festivals on land and sea, and cults of Samedi
vampires have made for many intriguing confrontations.
The Delirium has covered up such events with even stranger
supernatural mysteries. Even more unusual are rumors of a
race of "merfolk" crossing through the area—- one wonders
if these stories are merely the result of the Veil at work again,
covering up something far more sinister.

Nore tLerice ~

The Weaver is strong in' North America; thus, the
Ananasi on this continent learn to lead highly structured
lives. Secrecy is a discipline, and strictly emulating human
habits is essential co survival. As.a-matter of fact, the
werespiders have more potential enemies in the ‘so-called
civilized world than they do in the wilderness. Hurman prey
is adelicacy char must be hunted discretely, so much of an
Ananasi's life is spent in Homid form. Their sanctuaries are
small, sometimes as tiny as a-closet or basement, but the
interconnected nature of human civilization fascinatesthem.
They love to watch the spiritual forces at work around
them....especially when they ¢an lie in the center of it all.

Pumonca are native to the North American continent.
Wanderers and loners, these werecougars are fiercely defen-
sive of lands native to the conrinent's indigenous peoples. A
second tribe, che (Qualmi, are werelynxes that typically build
solitary houses or dens, usually living nearby for a lifetime. If
they become any more isolated, they may very well die out...
a fact the latest géneration of (Qualmi has already realized.
Thus, the tribe has a few young heroes looking for an alterna-
tive to extincrion. There are stories of Bastet of other tribes
who have made their way to North America as well, from the
Bagheera said to make his home in upstate New York to the
Balam said to hunt in the Southwest. Certainly, North
America has so many big cats in captivity that it is almost
comparable to areas with narural populations —- almost.

Fhe Cbptled SPAS EL

One particular rumor holds that the Nagah and certain
Corax created a pact to ensure their survival of the Second
War of Rage. As part of this, the Nagah apparently disap-
peared from North America when the European Garou
began their first crusades against the various native Chang-
ing Breeds, including other Garou. Soon thereafter, Corax
messengers spread the news that the Nagah were dead. From
there, the announcement spread throughout the Western
world. Even other Corax were kept in the dark so that
modern wereravens continue to believe that rhe American
Nagah died our long ago. This is likely for the best, as
American Corax are a notoriously chatry bunch.

CAapter One: The world of fhe Fera Bl

—————————————— AT TE

—

;

4

There are four tribes of Gurahl in the world, and each
of them live somewhere in North America — even though
they aren't very populous. A few River Keepers, for instance,
have made a concerted effort ro establish prorecrorates near
the Mississippi, Ohio, and other rivers. More werebears live
in the U.S. than anywhere else in the world; the same
applies to their ursine Kinfolk. Despite rhis, chey fear thar
they may have "sleptfor toolong," and that it may be toolate
to prevent the extinction of their kind. Their young heroes
do what they can to stave off the coming Apocalypse
through their healing powers and battle prowess. Orherwise
there is no hope for keeping their race from extinction.

The first Mokolé-mbembe -on this continent came
north from the Caribbean, where they established extensive
settlements in southern swamps and bayous. Wanderers
bred with native lizards of the Southwest, creating bizarre
new races of shapeshifting Gila monsters and Mexican
beaded lizards. When the three Garou tribes known as the
"Pure Ones" first arrived, only the Croaran werewolves were
comfortable living near Mokolé wallows. Their totem, Turtle,
shared spiritual Gifts with the Mokolé; thus,.they later
mourned the passing of this tribe. Years larer, when the slave
trade brought African Kinfolk to North America, African
Mokolé-mbembe made the journey to find their Kin-— and
in the process, found the American Mokolé-mbembe.

While Nagah Kinfolk have prospered along the banks
of great rivers like the Mississippi and Columbia, the
wéreserpents' North American population is small in spite
of these fertile breeding grounds. Relations berween Nagah
and their "abandoned" Kinfolk are highly strained from the
Nagah's long period in hiding. Because nests are so closely
intertwined, surviving "nests" of Nagah Kinfolk have learned
to mistrust their distant blood relations. While America has
many poisonous snakes, some species (such as the eastern
diamondback) are notr-well represerited in the Nagah's
heritage. Even more distréssing is that the few Nagah born
on this continent im recent years are of the ahi breed — rhe
"metis" of the wereserpents.

For the Nuwisha, this is the Land, the place of their birth.
Although they wander the world, this is the landscape they
always return to —~ although they cannot wander their home-
land as they once did. It is the land where Coyote first ran across
the Earth Mother's back, and it is where his laughter is still
strongest. "America has since been overrun by fools, they say,
humans who do not realize thar killing the land ‘they ‘kill
themselves. Thus, this country offers limitless opportunities ta
"educate" the human populace. The spirit of Coyote still has its
limitless energy and enthusiasm to prorecr rhe Land.

‘The average American Ratkin is typically violent, de-
ranged, and dangerous, witha revolutionary sense of zeal. The
most dangerous and unpredictable ones follow the dictares of
"the Rat God," a hostile avatar of their Incarna that orches-
trates vast campaigns of chaos... Across the continent, his
minioris stockpile weapons, both physical and spiritual, con-
ventional and biological, for the latter days of the End Times.

32 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

Some wererats havé focised more on blending in with human
society; they jokingly refer ro themselves as "the Rat Race." In
the war against humanity, they intend to win by any means
necessary. Until chen, they make minor strikes against calci-
fied areas where the Weaver has grown too strong. By freeing
the spirit of the Wyld in che world, extremists ammong them
hope to change the outcome of the Apocalypse.

More Rokea venture onto land in the United States
than anywhere else —~ though relatively speaking, such
encounters are extremely rare for creatures like hurmans and
Garou. Travel there is unrestricted, at least for the time
being, and the land is vast. Americans are relatively tolerant
of the Rokea's Homid forms, no matter how freakish
weresharks disguising themselves as hiirmans may seem. The
land is also beset with enough supernatural activity to cover
the few sightings of the wereshark's battle forms. Nonethe-
less, venturing from. the sea for too long is suicidal —~ it is
only atternpted because the consequences of ignorance
events in the ""Linsea" may actually be worse.

O fie tbe dpa itp SOUPEDALF.

‘The Southwest is home to desperate and ruthlesé wariet-
ies of Nuwisha,. veritable "coyote banditos." Wherever cay-
otes roam freely, their shapechanging cousing run with them.
Ashuman cities have sprawled further and into the surround-
ing desert, raping the land for the quick and easy profitsofland
development, ordinary coyores have become braver about
approaching the periphery of human civilization. Nuwisha
have been delighted to lead these incursions, raiding for food,
for supplies, or simply for amusement. Once this scouting is
done, proper monkeywrenching can commence.

DF fia Abe bt cies, NOLS LS.

Protected communities of Corax thrive up'and down
the West Coast, especially in Oregon, Washington State,
Vancouver, B.C., and Alaska: Native "American cultures
have ‘many versions of Raven trickster -tales,-‘and the
wereravens do their best to live up to them. Their raven Kin,
however, prefer unspoiled wilderness habitats thar are be-
coming few and far-between.

The Pacific Northwest is also home toa few Gurahl
River Guardians; some pride themselves on their under-
standing of Native American culture. Nearly all of them are
also accomplished fishermen, working not only to increase
and defend the populations of bears, but also the salmon and
other fish they depend on.

Kapreciele

Although certainly the northernmost portion of North
America is wolf country, .there's plenty of territory left to
what few Fera thrive here: The Gurahl are as strong here as
they are in the United Srates, perhaps even stronger —— all
four Gurahl tribes are sparsely represented somewhere in the
North: Canada in particular has been home to the occa-
sional moot called between Gurahl of all four tribes, what
few can make it. Such gatherings haven't been called more

EE LP A


than once a century for millénnia —~ but now, with the End
Times so close, the Gurahl are trying to organizé their efforts
as quickly as they can.

The Corax are present in Canada, just as they are in the
Northwest, and Canada is also home. to the (Qualmi, the
riddling lynx-shifters. The Qualmi deal poorly with gatherings,
and tend to keep to themselves, but they have been very busy
combating the local environmental hazards in recent years.

tpg

South of the border, this country has becormme a night-
mare for shapechangers who fear the Wyrm's corruption.
Bane-tainted fomori walk in broad daylight; pollution and
poverty have torrured the land. Corax speak of supernatural
traffic from Mexico Ciry to the American Southwest, risk-

ing their lives to learn what they can. A few Gurahl.

Mountain Guardians are present in Northern Mexico; de-
fending natural reserves and parks.

F fie sbevtie vipat Aye flcd

Far from human -civilization, the Wyld's minions ¢row
inéreasingly bizarre. A. fanatic cult of "Arcadian Ratkin"
dwells in the Antarctic Umbra, living inan impossible city of
ice hidden from human civilization. A delusional would-be
wererat Galliard named Howard Phillip Gallomo tells cau-
tionary tales to his followers.. He speaks of horrors that will
infect their secret city: outsiders who will come from ‘the
depths of the Umbra, arriving from places outside of time and
space. The most delusional Ratkin make pilgrimages to meet
this prophet, bringing the grandest legends they can. Many of
his relations trace their origins to a cursed family in Néw
England, the DeLaPoers, who share his madness and vision.

On the other side of the planet, the Ice Stalkers arare
tribe of shapeshifting polar bears. — = can be found in
Greenland, Scandinavia, and Siberia. Long, cold nights
give them the opportunity to seek beauty in the landscape.
Their artists have a passion for carving ice and snow into
pleasing designs. Polar bears roam as far south as Hudson and
Baffin Bay, but many outsiders dori't realize that brown bears
and grizzlies can be found in sub-Arctic territories of Canada
and Alaska... The Ice Stalkers welcome representatives of
these species as well. A few brave Gurahl have made
expeditions to the Antarctic, but the-utter lack of bear Kin
on the southernmost continent makes any continued pres-
ence all but a wasted effort.

Around both poles, Earth's most unexpected defenders are
the Rokea. Contrary to what many humans may think, some
sharks (such as the Greenland shark) are quite capable of living
in frigid waters. While there are few horrors to destroy in the
cold deep, the weresharks are capable of assuming Hornid form,
and there are mysteries hidden on icy islands where man rarely
treads. Other Fera know nothing of creatures like the Qyrlings

or forces like C'et, and they cannot understand the secret

crusades that take place beneath the waves.

SS

enest tire PUnver Adercyt fle SEAL

Six-renths of the world's surface ‘is covéred ‘im water.
While the Rokea rarely have contact withother shapeshifters,
they patrol vast areas unseen. They are also drawn to islands
where humans gather. In remote Pacific Islands; humans
once worshipped the Rokea; it is rumored that some of these
cults still survive in more modern forms. Around the Marshall
Islands,. mankind tested some of its first nuclear weapons;
now places like the Bikiniand Enewetak arolls have become
breeding grounds for W/yrm-tainted horrors. The Hawaiian
islands are far more tranquil, especially since chey harbor so
many homid Kinfolk. Alchough rhe natives here once spoke
to the Rokea,-and some modern humans still preserve the
old ways, one human death is sufficient to stir outrage and
hunts against the neighboring sharks. The most exotic
Rokea Grottos can be found at the bottom of the Mariana
Trench and the remote corners of the Bermuda Triangle.

The Nagah are not trapped in isolated territories they
have guarded.for millennia; instead, they cam hide in the

. world's lakes and rivers. Wherever there is water, they can

survive. Some dive into the depths of great oceans, while
others breed with the sea snakes of more tropical oceans.
The Pacific and Indian Ocean hold hidden Nagah Den-
Realms called Ananta from the watchful eyes and readied
claws of other supernatural creatures. Malaysia in particular
is athaven for their kind,.attracting many usual nests of
inspired artists... and skilled Killers:

Ac any time; thousands of seaworthy vessels ride the
waves and any ship that has rats on board may hide a few
Ratkin. These wererats wander the-world, forsaking dry
land. Many have formed their own tribe,-an extended
community of Ratkin ronin. Some tell rail tales of their
origins in feudal Japan, where a group of 48 Nezumi commit-
red an unspeakable (and always unmentioned) crime that
resulted in their exile. Orhers insist this is another one of
Howard Gallomo's ridiculous "rales, and use it as further
evidence that the wererats havé gone mad afrer centuries of
isolation in the spirit world.

Lat Eile lip fon S Pvt

This is but a glirnipse of what has been seen in recent
years. Some scholars of the arcane dismiss these stories as
rumor —~ tricks of light and shadow, if you will —— but
ignorance can be dangerous. Asthe Apocalypse approaches,
shadows lengthen, and more creatures emerge from the
darkness. The latest generation of Fera is united in their
worship of Gaia, but they see Her in vastly different ways.
Cooperation is rare,-and mistrust is common. Only one
passion unites them all: their resistance to the dominating
ways of the werewolves. While it may be too late for revenge,
the Garou will soon see that they are not alone in the world.
Wherever werewolves fear to tread, the Fera have returned.

CAapter One: The World of the Fera 33

SR EE ES EN



We look like men, We walk and talk like men; in your
presence We act like men. But We are natmen. Bélieve that too.
—— Bill Pronzini, "Ancient Evil"

The Garou won the Wars of Rage. That much is
obvious. There is a Garou Nation that stretchés across
continents. The Garou have traveled beyond the ordinary
ranges of the wolves they breed with —~ they have engaged
in wars in South America; run across the Australian desert,
even walked in Africa and crossed the Himalayas.

But ‘the Fera, the shapeshifters who lost the War of
Rage, have had along time to replenish their strength..And
although they too have been in decline with the coming of
human "progress," they have managed .to-hold on with
surprising tenacity. Today, the list of Changing Breeds that
managed to survive to the present day is much longer than
the list of Breeds that have been driven to extincrion. They
are still our there, no more ready to roll over and die any
more than the Garou are.

Chapter Two: Those Who Change

LL

Within chis chapter are rules for the ten~surviving
Breeds of Fera, some of whom are further divided into tribes
or other social factions. Each one has at least two breeds —
homid and animal-born, and most have some sort of role
division besides (such as an auspice). When considering the
various Combinations of Breed, breed, tribe or faction, and
auspice or aspect, there are literally hundreds of potential
combinations that can be made into character concepts —
enough to keep most groups going for a lifetime. When the
Apocalypse comes, fighting in the Final Batrle won't be the
privilege of Garou alone — the Fera will have the chance to
war against the Great Enemy one last time. Nobody can say
for cerrain wherher or not their efforts will be in vain...

...Except; of course, for you and your fellow players.

Enjoy.


Kisasi yaumed and stretched, gratefully accepting the heat
the rnorning sun had to offer. As.she glanced around her
encampment, she scowled and (not for the first time) found
herself questioning her own sanity. She would probably have
better luck managing a pack of baboons than aclan of Ajaba, and
she was certain the task would be much less frustrating..Asit was,
maintaining any sense of order or discipline in an Ajaba clan that
numbered 20 strong was, to put it mildly, difficult. When the
associated human and hyena Kin needed for a war party were
factored in; that task became flatly impossible. What Ajabain her
sight mind would subject herself to such nonsense?

OF course , leadership was not without its rewards; theks ron

they had become amajor pi
Breeds. Today, Kisasi h

that in turn would catapult the Ajaba into a position oF
and respect among Gaia's children. Kisasi could hardly wa

Bolstered by her thoughts of victory, Kisasi chortled gleefully

and rubbed her hands together, relishing the prospect of flaunting
her victory in the faces of those Amada' o bastards back home.She
began barking orders as she sought to bring order to chaas,
thinking about the day ahead and ail the potential it held for her
and her clan.

Ager

Long ago; when Gaia was populating the world with Her
creations, She found that the wolves She had created to police the
humans had limited themselves to the northern regions of the world.
Ido not know why this was true; perhaps Wolf had some quarrel
with Lion and did not want to live with him. Or, perhaps he found
the climate in the south was not to his liking. In arvy event, there
were no wolves in Africa, and this vexed Gaia to no end. -How
could She police the humans with no wolves? Withno wolves, there
could be no Garou. With no Garou, the hurnans would grow
beyond their means,.and there would be hardship everywhere.

Since it isn't Gaia's way to tell Her children what todo, She
decided to make anew animal to take the wolves' place in Africa.
That animal, of course, was the hyena, and from these creatures
Gaia created our people —~ the Ajaba:. The Ajaba were to be
Gaia's warriors in Africa, using their strong social ties to form
mighty packs capable of shattering the minions of the Wyrm —
or of humanity. The Bastet, in their many and variedroles, would
support the Ajaba, delving into the secrets of those around them
and showing the hyena shifters where and when to strike. It was
a fine idea; sadly, things didn't work out that wary.

36 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

a a

AS aba

Back when Gaia created the Ajaba; plerity of hurnans were
primarily male-dominated societies. Some were matriarchal —~-
but not all. The homid Ajaba from these societies might have
accepted the thought of being ruled by women as is, but there was
a bigger rift to overcome..In human societies throughout time,
men have always done the majority of the fighting, if not all of the
fighting; men are simply more expendable, from a. survival
standpoint. But the way Gaia designed the Ajaba, the women
were the warriors, and the men were the nvystics..They were
designed that way. This flew in the face of what the homids had
grown up believing; but to the hyena-born, it was natural.

Now, in any of the Changing Breeds, there will be a gap of
understinding between the animal-born and the hurnan-born,
one, that s vrinks only when both have spent time walking in other
hrough other eyes. But this gap was too wide for the
leal with easily. Too often, an Ajaba clan would fall
tiig;.as each werehyena tried
2new order, and how that
6 : ed. p, They were simply rot
é fective as they could have bi m —— and the Bastet took
:pudh to, this. : °
‘Bastet fet that the Ajaba wére betraying their heritage
by spending so much time in divisive struggle, and their reactions
were mixed. Where the Simba had been created to be elite
warriors buttressing the Ajaba's efforts, they now found them-
selves forced to take on the Ajaba's role instead. The Bagheera,
ostensibly the lawmakers of Africa's shapeshifcers, felt they lost
their credibility when they could not keep the Ajaba in line. It was
the same with all of the Bastet tribes, each taking on a role for
which it was ill prepared, each finding it had been cheated of its
birthright due to the pride of the Ajaba. They were infuriated, and
have been punishing the Ajaba ever since. Regrettably, that gave
the Ajaba the unity they previously lacked. Now they had a
clearly visible common nemesis —— the Bastet.

Inthe wake of the rivalry with the Ajaba, the Bastet adapted
to the situation as best they could. Unfortunately, they just weren't
up to the task..The Bastet are rnore solitary than not, and they
usuaily find it difficult to coordinate their efforts for any extended
period of time. The other shifters in Africa similarly weren't much
help —- the Ratkin were insular, the Ananasi alien, .and the
Rokea....weil, the Rokea just weren't around. So, as you can
imagine, they were ill prepared to face the Wyrm and its minions,
and as a result the Defiler and Eater-of-Souls have sowm strong
roots in Africa that we, all of us, are struggling to uproot even now.

AS time went by, the Ajaba acquired and ruthlessly defended
their own territories, staving off the W/yrm's influence in their
own way —~ and largely for their own benefit -— with no atterition
spared. for assisting the other Changers. The Bastet were not
pleased, and the Simba in particular decided that, if the Ajaba

=|


could not be persuaded to protect Gaia from harm, they could ar
least be made to see the folly of their ways. So it was that the long
true war between the Simba and the Ajaba began; a war that
ended only with the near-annihilation of the Ajabe tribes.

The Labia Today

The war with rhe Basret went poorly forthe hyenas, but
also took a terrible roll om the Simba tribes, particularly the
Amadw'o. These were proud people, and the indignities the

Ajaba forced upon them were unconscio-
nable. Their Rage built to unimaginable

Se nee er an re en Ee es ee

heights, and it turned these proud warriors into the very
things they sought to destroy. As the Ajaba were defiant, so
the Amadu'o became tyrannical. As the Ajaba were rebel-
lious, so the Amadu'o became despotic. None were safe from
their wrath, and all were expected to participate in their wars
of annihilation... These battles mirrored the War of Rage
waged by the werewolves in the north, save for the fact that
it was an ongoing conflict rhat never seermed to end. The
Garou were motivated by fear and ignorance, and these things
can be assuaged. Not so pride, the greatest sin of them all. And
no Simba's pride was flercer than that
of Black Tooth, the most tyrannical
Amadu'o the world has ever seen. He

wasanightrnare given form, andhisreign
was legendary for its cruelty. Ironically, his
destruction, and the beginnings of restora-
tion for Gaia's children in Africa, was set
inmotion by alone Ajaba upstart named
Kisasi. Her story changed the face of
Africa,-and it will quire possibly
change the face of the world before
allis said and done.

Kisasi was born toa Maasai woman
of noble blood, one who wanted noth-
4 ing to do with the ruling Ajaba king of
Wi (the time. She was raised with no knowledge of
her herirage,-or even her name, which. means
"revenge" in Swahili. After her First Change, Kisasi began
ro explore her heritage and the legacy her mother had left for
her. This is how she met Kiva, the revered Bagheera elder,
who told Kisasi of the significance of her name, as well as the
events that led to the destruction of the Hyena King and his
court. Surprisingly, however, the young Ajaba wanted noth-
ing to do with the vengeance her name suggested; rather, she
decided then and there thar she was going to fix things, and
was too young to realize chat that was a hopeless venture.

Thank Gaia-for the stubborn resolve of the young!

As it turns out, Kisasi made an excellent diplomat, and
managed to make contact with the Mayi'o Simba, other
Bagheera, the Swara, the two tribes of Garou in the region,
the Mokolé, the Rokea, and a mumber of extended Kin
networks throughout sub-Saharan Africa: She didn't know
she wasn't supposed to like the Simba, and didn't much care
that they didn't like her. She siraply refused to surrender in
the face of antagonism, and they found her enthusiasm
infectious.-Before long, all of Africa's Fera believed that a
united attack force could defeat Black Tooth's Endless
Storm, and lo, se it was. She also made them believe that
that coalition was worth maintaining thereafter, and the
Ahadi is the resule of this belief.
Kisasi's éfforts have paid off in spades for the other
ain the world. She gave them'a banner to rally behind
e chance to redeem themselves, and they snapped it
vith all the eagerness of a starving hound. The Mayi'o
Simba and the other Baster finally forgave the Ajaba's past

37

t

sins, and asa result the Ajaba are once again growing in
strength and numbers. Unfortunately, not all are as commit-
ted to the Ahadi as Kisasi and her supporters are. Those who
remember. Black. Tooth's -reign of terror still -nurse) old
grudges, arid they are unwilling to forgive and forger, no
matter the cost to themselves or others. The most radical of
these, led by a fearsome male named Shari, know only
hatred for the Simba and all who stand by them. Their
hatred is unreasoning, uwnabating, and undeniable, and the
threat they pose to the Ahadi is nearly as great as that of the
Wyrm or the vampires that infest Africa.

egartrafior

Ajaba society, like that of their hyena Kin, is made up of
tightly knit family groups. These groups consist ofrelared Ajaba
and their Kin, and they form the basis for larger groups called
clans. In some ways the clans are analogous to Garou tribes,
though they tend to be smaller and are limited to specific
geographical regions. They lack the racial-and- cultural influ.
ences that characterize Garou tribes, and rarely even ha
official names (if named at all, they are named for
prominent female membi of ee €

pack's warriors, leaders. ‘and: spies, dominate most packs,In
contrast to the Black Furies, however, the role ofmales isnor
trivial —- males, in fact, play a

age, joining up with-other packs to serve as mystics and
talerellers. Im this way, the legacy of Gaia and the history of
the Ajaba remain intact.. Without this custom, Ajaba packs
would remain hidebound and insular, and vulnerable ro
external threats (a weakness the so-called "Ajaba King"
discovered the hard way).

Politicking armong the Ajaba is fierce, and social status is
very important. Reigning females must always defend their
position against challenges from their underlings, and these
challenges are often quite a bit bloodier than similar affairs
among Garou. As such, it is mot.umcommon for Ajaba in
power to have numerous allies, among them both warriors
and mystics that can help to legitimize their position. This is
where the power of males in Ajaba society reveals itself: males
that enter a-pack do so with no preset social rank, which
allows them to ally themselves with any fernales whowill have
them. This means that Ajaba-mystics wield considerable
power, as they alone often determine the fate of an entire clan
simply by choosing whom they wish to support in the numer-
ous ritual challenges that plague the typical pack.

Beyond the pack scale, there is currently no real struc-
ture to Ajaba society. The Ajaba of today are still recovering
from the near-genocide of their breed in 1984, and ar rhe
same time they are also reorganizing their clans, discarding
the chauvinistic ways of the Ajaba King and instead adapt-
ing new traditions more in keeping with Gaia's will. It goes
without saying that Kisasi speaks for the Ajaba as a whole,
but at a local level her influence is often quite limited.

38 Players Guide fo the Changing Breeds

IE LE ET LT LA A

critical role in pack society- Ham
Those who survive to adulthood leave the pack at an early~

SPOIL

Before the Ajaba fell to Black Tooth, they made use of
a Renown system that was,.in most respects, similar to that
of the Bastet. Like the Bastet, they placed a high priority on
Ferociry and Cunning. But while the Bastet value Honor,
the Ajaba instead valued Infamy,.and were thus little betrer
than the Wyrm foes plaguing the rest of Gaia's children.
Because they are currently redesigning their society from
the ground up, however, their priorities have shifted some-
what in response to prolonged contact with both the Bastet
and the Garou. The clans roday continue to value Ferocity
and Cunning, but they have found that the Honor practiced
by the Garou and the Bastet is more trouble than it's worth.
With their newfound commitment to Gaia, however, prais-
ing Infamy no longer seems appropriare. Instead, modern
Ajaba valué an individual's willingness to place the needs of
Gaia and the pack above her own, which is embodied in the
trait of, Obligation:

Complicating matters in the Ajaba's "great leap for-
: ere, isthe fact thar, though they'd like to think
: they simply aren't like other Fera. They are pack
cialthan most Fera, but
i (despite the fact that
Additionally, Ajaba
einforced by the facc
essed with more Gnosis
ypically blesséd with more Rage..The fact
: faba need to-balance two radically different
branches of their society, even as they recover from the
disastrous events of the past two décades, gives them unique
obstacles that few other Fera‘can truly appreciate.

Por reasons the Ajaba don't entirely understand, asimall
number of males and females in-each generation have their
Rage and Gnosis scores inverted; that is, males have scores
as though they were females, and vice versa. Such individu-
als are both innovative and unpredictable, and the Ajaba
view them both as omens of good luck and as portents of
doom (how they tell which is which remains a mystery).
Kisasi is one such inversion; she is a gifted propher, and
maintains much better control of her Rage than most of her
fernale companions. Similarly, the renegade Shari is also an
inversion. His rage is boundless, and many Ajaba elders fear
he will destroy the Ajaba from within.

Wanv ee Sa

Ajaba breed quite rapidly, and in'some cases they breed
true as much as 30% of the time. Since they are im quite a
crunch to restore their population to its pre-1984 heights,
hyaenid breed Ajaba are especially common at the moment.
In contrast to the Garou, andl perhaps because of their
persecution over the past two decades, metis Ajaba rend to
be fully accepted as members of the tribe: Despite this fact,
however, most metis tend to remain on the periphery of
Ajaba society, acting as bodyguards and lieutenants instead
of war leaders or mystics.


* Homid: Most homid Ajaba are of African or Indian
descent, though Africa's racial diversity ensures that homids
of nearly any ancestry are possible.

Beginning Gnosis: Females 1,Males 3

Starting Gifts: Master of Fire, Smell of Man

* Metis: -Most Ajaba metis are hermaphroditic, and
even those that aren't might as well be spiritually. They lack
the gender-based benefits to Gnosis or Rage enjoyed by
males and females respectively, hovering in the middle of
the scale for each trait. This gives metis Ajabaa unique place
in Ajaba society, as they are considered some of the most
stable and balanced individuals of the breed. The irony of
this state of affairs is not lost on them.

Beginning Gnosis: 3

Starting Gifts: Prirnal Anger, Sense W/yrm

* Hyaena: Hyaena Ajaba have a deeper connection to
Gaia and the spirit world than homid or metis Ajaba-do.
‘This is particularly true of males, whose spiritual awareness
is equal to that of lupus Garou.

Beginning Gnosis: Females 3, Males 5

Starting Gifts: Heightened Senses, Sense Prey

ATLAS

In the past, all Ajaba were functionally Ragabash. This
ischanging, however, with the current trend toward restruc-
turing Ajaba society..Currently, two.major aspects are
recognized among Ajaba elders, and it's possible that more
might emerge at some point in the future.

* Dawn: Dawn Ajaba, if female, are filled with fury and
Rage, eager to barrle the Wyrm and prove their worth to
Gaia and their clan. They are feisty and combative, easily
offended and hyperactive, and they are one of the main
reasons the Wyrm is feeling the Ajaba's bire in Africa. In the
case of males, Dawn aspects tend to be
taletellers, a role similar to that of
the Galliards in Garou society.

Beginning Rage: .,
Females 5, Males 3, y
Metis 4

Se ee ees an seen ee es ee

Starting "Gifts: Falling Touch, Inspiration or Razor
Claws if female, Beast Speech, Call of the Wyld or Mindspeak
if male; metis may choose from the Gifts of either gender

* Dusk: Dusk Ajaba turn their Rage inward, learning
more-subtle ways to leave their mark on-the world. Dusk
fernales tend to become skulking assassins, striking down
their foes in the manner of a Rage-filled Ragabash. Dusk
males commit themselves fully to the study of Gaia's myster-
ies, and they are sore of the most potent mystics Gaia's
children have ever seen.

Beginning Rage: Females 3, Males 1, Metis 2

Starting Gifts: Blur of the Milky Eye, Open Seal or
Scent of Running Water if female, Mother's Touch, Sense
Wyrm or Spirit Speech if male;*metis may choose from the
Gifts of either gender

While their Rage and Gnosis often swing to great
heights, .Ajaba are not especially strong-willed... All Ajaba
start with a Willpower scere of 3.

Forres ra om

Like the Garou, Ajaba can change ‘into five forms:
Homid, Anthros, Crinos, Crocas, and Hyaenid. They func-
tion in most respects like their Garou counterparts, and the
difficulties associated with shifting forms for the Garou
apply to the Ajaba in exactly the same fashion:

* Homid: Ajaba in Homid form look just like normal
humanris. They tend to be of rarher stocky build, and often
have hoarse voices and bristly hair. They have an unsettling
air of cunning about them, and some have .an unnerving
habit of laughing maniacally at odd intervals.

* Anthros: The Anthros form isa hybrid ofhuman and
hyena characteristics, with the emphasis -on the human
traits. The Ajaba's limbs lengthen and thicken, she grows in
height, and her facial features and teeth become thicker and
more robust. Fler body hair bristles, and she becomes clis-
turbingly inhurnan.

* Crinos: This hybrid form is a balariced mix ‘of
hyena and human, and it is built for battle. Strong
and capable, the Crinos form (slightly smaller thana
Garou's Crinos) affords the Ajaba the greatest pro-

tection of all of his forms, and also allows him-to
manipulate weapons and equipment with little diffi-
culty. Ajaba in Crinos form in-
: voke the Delirium,. just as
Garou do.
* Crocas: The pri-
maordial war-form, the
Crocas


takes the normal hyena form and enlarges it, making the
Ajaba much more dangerous. Ajaba in this form are the size
of small bears, and their crushing bite inflicts one extra die
of damage thanks to the werehyena's thickened jaws.

© Hyaenid: The Ajaba's Hyaeriid form is like that of
her normal hyena Kin, strorig and capable and deeply
attuned to the world around her. It is more useful for
movement than any of the other forms, but lacks the
strength of the battle forms or the flexibility of the human-
oid forms.

apt SPIES!

Anthros Crinos Crocas Hyaenid

Str:+2 Str: +3 Ser: +3 Str: +1
Dex: +1 Dex: +2 Dex: +2

Sta: +2 Sta: +4 Sta: +3 Sta:+2

Man: +1 Many -2 Mar: -2 Man: .-2

App: +3 App: 0 App: 0

Cifet

Ajaba are hardy fol

padivichals are unwelcome arnong the true clane.

Ajaba begin play with one breed Gift, one auspice Gif - "
and one Ajaba Gift from the list below. Ajaba may choose"

auspice gifts based on their gender and their Aspect. Females
choose Ahroun Gifts (if Dawn Aspect) or Ragabash Gifts Gif
Dusk Aspect). Males choose Galliard Gifts (if Dawn As-
pect) or Theurge Gifts (if Dusk Aspect). Metis may choose
from either list for their Aspect.

* Feral Grin (Level One) — - With a snarl ora harsh
glare, the Ajaba makes his victim-uneasy and forces him to
back away, intimidared.

System: By rolling Manipulation + Primal-Urge, rhe
Ajaba adds one die to all subsequent Social rolls for the
remainder of the scene. If he rolls four or more successes, he
adds two trohis rolls. This only works on one target at atime,
and only for rolls meant to intimidate or coerce the target in
some fashion. The difficulry of the roll is the subject's
Willpower, though it drops to 4 if she is already inclined to
fear the Ajaba.

« Gift of Terror (Level One). — As the Red Talon
Gift: Wolf at the Door.

* Primal Anger (Level One) —~ As the metis Gift.

* Sense Prey (Level One) — As the lupus Gift.

« Crushing Jaws (Level Two) — By invoking this Gift
and snapping her jaws shut on prey, the Ajaba gets a solid
hold that lasts until either the bone shatters or the hyena lets
go (or dies). By using this Gift together as a group, several
Ajaba can shred even the mightiest opponent.

System: The player makes a Strength + Brawl roll
(difficulty 6) to get a firm grip, then spends-a point of

40 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE SE LT TS LE A

7 Ajaba 1 olks: abrée successes Or more, and the results should

Willpower. Each. turn,-the -Ajaba inflicts an additional
health level of aggravated damage as her reeth mash the
bone to marrow and splinters; the added damage is curnula-
tive. The target cannot escape this grip unless he kills the
hyena; her grip makes her an.easy target (reducing his
Dexterity + Brawl difficuiry by 2), but prevents him from
escaping.

© Curse of Hatred (Level Two) — As the metis Gift.

© Sense of the Prey (Level Two) — As the Ragabash
Gift.

« Clan Loyalty (Level Three) — As the Bone Gnawer
Gift: Friend In Need.

* Laughter of the Soul (Level Three) —- The hyena's
barking chuckle is unsettling under the best of circum-
stances; augmented by this Gift, ic becomes a maddening
threat. Normal humans and animals panic at the sound of
this echoing laughter, and even supernatural creatures have
been driven off in fear. An Epiphling of Fear teaches this
Gift 66 the hyena-folk in exchange for a little extra influ-

more ane) one
three sets him shiv-

send Garouinto fox frenzy until the Laughter ends. Only by
spending Willpower can he keep his self-control, and even
then the chuckling disturbs him badly.

* Culling the Weak (Level Four) «— By studying a foe
ora group of prey, ahyenacan tell which one of them is most
ready to die. The Gift reveals states of sickness of the mind,
body, and soul and helps a hyena choose her next victim.
This vision can be fairly abstract and open to interpretation;
a young Garou on the verge of Harano is more likely to be
spotted than an elderly wolf with a healthy heart. Even so,
the sight is accurate, and provides disturbing insights that a
target may not even recognize in himself.

System: The player rolls Perception + Awareness and
spends a Gnosis point. The difficulty depends on the sever-
ity of the subject's illness, or on the number of subjects
nearby. Spotting aman with a bad liver is easy if he's alone
(difficulry 5), harder if he's in a crowd (difficulty 7), and
harder still if he's healthy but emotionally unbalanced
(difficulry 8). If more than one person in range is unhealthy,
the magic picks out the sickest ones This disease may be
physical, mental, or emotional, but should be significant. A
minor case of the flu doesn't qualify, though pneumonia
would. This Gift lasts one scene; its results, while accurate,
depend on the circumstances of the story and its characters.

* Gnaw (Level Four) — As the lupus Gifc.

* Gorge (Level Four) —"As the Red Talon Gift.

* Survivor (Level Five) — As the Bone Gnawer Gift.

=|


war

Since most of the breed was annihilated at the claws of
the Endless Storm; and since they have only recently begun
organizing themselves intoclans once again, the Ajaba have
not yet developed (or rediscovered) any unique rites. They
do share rites with the rest of the Ahadi (as described in the
Ahadi section of this book) and they have copied several
rites from the Garou, but the best, as they say, is yet to come.

SPEPOOLY LLL

Tronjaw advises:

* Ahadi: An alliance is all well and good, but Black
‘Tooth is dead now. Can't we get back to what really matters?
Y'know, killing Simba?

* Ananasi: What good do these guys do for Gaia again?

* Bagheera: Smug jackasses,.one and all. Still, they
keep the lions at bay, so they can't be all bad.

Se sas rs caren Si

* Bubasti: Oh, whatever. If they ever came out of Egypt
Tmight have an opinion on them.

© Kucha Ekundu: Weird lictle shits, and too mystical
for my tastes.

* Mokolé: Damn, they stomped thé hell out of Black
‘Tooth and his pride! I don't care how freaky they are, that
rmoakes them okay in my book.

© Ratkin: Stinky little vermin, but they're smaller than
we aré and they hate all the right people.-Good allies, but
don't trust them.

« Silent Striders: They're tough fighters, so 1 guess that
counts for something.

* Simba: New regime or not, I still say kill 'em all and
let Gaia sort 'em our.

e Swara: Sneaky bastards. ‘They're just like all rhe
other cats: talk pretty to your face, then stab you in the back
when you aren't looking.

LED Of CU POLL ate
(oe.

Chapter Two: T Aose Ufho Change 41

SS SE NS


Jacintha took a deep
breath and released it explo-
sively, shattering her body intoa
thousand tiny spiders, each of
which clambered up the wall ‘of
the building and scuttled to-
ward the window sill,
which would afford them
penough space to.enter
through the tiniest gaps in
the window frame. As she/
they neared the window,
Jacintha grew aware of a
struggle already going on
inside the building. Her
rivalwas here — as was
the other one.

Edging through
the cracks, the lead
Crawlerlings uthat
made up part of
Jacintha's body ‘saw Carver's
alien Lilian form fighting for his
life against a creature witha
wolf-like head and a gigantic,
fur-covered body complete
with deadly, knife-like tal-
ons.-She could smell the an-
ger pheromones .in the air
around her, along with a rare
scent — Carver's fear. The
Hatar was badly wounded,
with great gashes in his cara-
pace exposing the soft, vul-
nerable flesh beneath. One
of his hands lay severed on
the floor.

All Jaciritha had to do
was retreat and her enemy
would perish at the claws
and fangs of Gaia's watch-
dog. Instead, she sent a few
of her Crawlerlings into afar
corner, where they would stay
undisturbed and wundiscov-
ered in case they needed to
flee for their (and her) lives.
The remaining Crawlerlings
scrambled up the wall and
onto the ceiling just above the

Players Guide fo the Changing Breeds

werewolf. They flowed together; merging into a gigaritic version of
Jacintha's spider of choice ; the unassuming but deadly broum recluse .

Quickly she drew upon the blood gained from a recent feeding,

spinningit into a gigantic, shapeless web, its strands nearly impossible
to break. She dropped the web squarely atop the werewolf, entangling
the snarling beast in its steel-like cables.

"Now!" she hissed at Carver and joined in the attack on the
momentarily trapped werewolf. Itwas over quickly; the werewolf
could not withstand -the massive doses of venom .from. two
Ananasi. Once his struggles stopped, all that was left was slowly
draining him of his vital (and extremely tasty) blood.

Once they were certain-the werewolf was dead, the two
werespiders reassumed human form and carried the corpse from
the building and duinaped it unceremoniously into a nearby alley.
"Let the police wonder about vampires," Carver said, before
turning suspiciously to Jacintha.

"That letter. "We'll settle ithere and now.' You set mé up,
didr't you?"

Jacintha''s face remained impassive. "I hate you, Ffatar, for
what you've done to a place I've grown fond of. But I respect the
laws of our people and our (Queen..CQur feud is between the two
of us: I would never bring in outsiders to settle our differences."

Carver nodded briefly. "Vil accept that, Wyld-servant," he
said. "Maybe I'll seek out other hunting grounds for a while and
leave this slur to you."

*Then we ll have rio quarrel," Jacintha said. With unblink-
irig eyes, she watched Carver's body collapse into a thousand tiny
wolf spiders and disappear into the darkness. Jacintha turned her
back on the corpse and her former enemy and made her own way
home through the night.

"egena

At firse only the Triat existed: Weaver, Wyrm and
Wyld. The Wyld's first and best creation was Gaia. She, in
turn, created Her own children —— the Mokolé, the Garou,
the Bastet and all the other Fera. But the Wyld was not the
only creator; the Weaver, too, created a child —- Ananasa.
It is from the Weaver's first and only child that the Ananasi
are descended: Ananasa emulated her mother, the Weaver,
and created her own children from a union with the spirit of
Spider. The first Ananasi, called. Anansi,.created more
children and the Ananasi prospered.

When the Weaver grew mad and bound the Wyrm in her
Webs, in.retaliation,; the Wyrm captured Queen Ananasa,
holding her prisoner in a flawless Opal prison: Then the Wyrm
coerced the Ananasi into its service in order to keep the Queen
Mother safe. Given no other choice, the Ananasi agreed.

Only her first and best beloved child Anansi was able to
find her in the Wyrm's realm of Malfeas. Seeking to free her,


a

Anatisi cajoled and tricked the Corax » the Garou and other
Fera into storming Malfeas to caprure what he claimed was
the Wyrm's very heart-—~ Ananasa's prison. The Garou seized
the opal and broughe it out of Malfeas, but they could not
destroy it. They did make a crack in it thar allowed Queen
Ananasa to conimumnicate with her children, which was her

intention all along. Though still a prisoner, the Wyrm could |

not harm her through the tiny flaw in her opal cage:

The Garou were énraged by what they saw as a betrayal
and swore vengeance against the Ananasi. Fortunately, Queen
Ananasa taught her children to hide and thus they were able
to weather the initial fury of the Garou, which soon erupted
in the conflagration now known as the War of Rage. Though
few Fera realize it, the Ananasi fed the flames of rhat war,
driven ro it by the arrogance of the Garou, whose culling
tactics during the Impergium offended Queen Ananasa.
After the end of the Imperius the énanasi slowly

consider them servants of the \
ever they find evidence of th,

imprisonment. They accomplish this throug! 1eir interac-
tion with human.society..By manip lating human affairs,
including economics, politics and society, the children of
Queen Ananasa build a complex web of millions of strands,
linking every creature in the world with every, other crea-
ture. Though their immediate purpose may remain unfath-
omable except to their own perceptions, their ultimate goal
lies in recreating the Symmetry that held the world. in
perfect balance.

To this end, Ananasi have found havens in all parts of
the world and in all strata of sociery. Camouflaged by their
adaptation to the human realm, they exercise their hidden
agendas disguised as rhe normal actions of everyday life.

Dect alE AAS ECR.

Damhan (DOM-hahn): The Ananasi's personal name
for themselves.

Fylfot: An Ananasi fetish.

Grandmother Spider: Another hame for The Weaver.

Great Web: The Ananasi's name for the universé. The
Great Web is flawed and the Ananasi seek to restore it to its
original perfection.

Ovid (OH-vid): The other Changing Bréeds, consid-
éred insignificant by the Ananasi.

Se attr na ac el is SR

Sylie (ST-lee): Similar to a Den-Realm, this isa spirit
haven, created by each Ananasi, connected to the Umbra
and Queen Ananasa.

Symmetry: The ultimate goal of the Ananasi and their
@ueen: the restoration of the balance by restoring the
original harmony of the Triat.

Tapestry: The name giveri tothe Ananasi's concept of
the universe, a-giant masterwork created from many inter-
woven threads.

Triumvirate: The political stricture of the Ananasi, as
dictated to them by their Queen.

Unweaving: The intentional destruction or alteration
of part of the Tapestry or Great Web to serve the purpose of
Symmetry.

Weaving: The purposeful creation, changé or restora-
tion of part of the Tapestry or Great Web in the name of
Symmetry.

and questioners. This Cfroplex organization of roles keeps che
webs of the Ananasi Society strong and dynamic, an ironic
situation for children. who love pattern and stabiliry.

Ffe At aferacrplicgls

Unlike the First Change that marks the point 6f no return
for most Fera, the evolution of a human (or arachnid) intoa
full-fledged Ananasi does not occur all at once. The pre-
Metamorphosis Ananasi experiences a gradual rise in curiosity,
as she notices details and patterns in the world around her toa
greater extent than in her previous life. The soon-to-becorne
Ananasi also finds her emorions cooling as she grows more
dispassionate and analytical in her feelings and actions.

Physical changes soon follow as the Ananasi's ‘body
slowly transforms itself into one capable of achieving many
disparate forms. The individual's tastes change; she loses the
desire to eat for satisfaction and eats primarily for sustenance
and to fuel the changes in her body. Her muscles undergo
sporadic spasms and subtle changes manifest; hair may sprout
on heretofore-bare portions of skin or swellings may move
under the skin. While these changes may seem terrifying to
the young Ananasi, more often the individual finds them
fascinating, predisposed to accept them by the emotional and
psychological changes that have already taken place. Simul-
taneously, the new Ananasi learns to control her changes at
will so that they are not obvious to the uninitiated.

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 43

NS

re
t

Finally, the Ananasi learns that she needs blood to
power her changes, discovering the Hunger. While she can
still eat food, she learns that her true need is for the blood of
warm-blooded animals to power her change.

Chel el Jatt t7fIOPs

The firial Metamorphosis of a young Anansi inevita-
bly attracts the attention of others of her kind, wha, follow-
ing instructions from Queen Ananasa herself, bring the
fledgling, sometimes with others who have just discovered
their spider-selves, .to the. UWmbra where they receive a
thorough grounding in theirnew life, learn their roles in the
Great Web and meet with the Mother-Queen herself.

The Sifse

Each Ananasi learns to build her own private place that
connects her to the Umbraand to Queen Ananasa. This place,
called the Sylie, serves asa a place of rest, in which the Ananasi
can replenish her Gnosis. It also allows the fo commu-
nicatedirectly with Queen. Ananasa, broadcast : Hig Ananasi' Ss
thoughts to the Queen Mother in he :
may be an apartment, a house OF:

len returning once w they
control. In the physical we
dwelling place. In the Unal
Great Web, no differen:

Obey the eo ithesn 1 in ¢

Them Harm .

Follow the Aspect and Faction ‘
for You

Understand the Ways of the Triat, Both as They
Were and as They Are. Know the Difference

Know Your Enemies

Know The Great Web for What It Is

Know Your Place

Keep Your Mouth Shut

Worship None But Ananasa

SPSL

Unlike other Fera or the Garou, the Ananasi lack Rage:
Instead, they possess a blood pool that they may use for extra
actions and healing wounds. Ananasi.can hold up ro 10
blood points (each one about the equivalent of a health
level of damage), although some Gifts enablé them .to
exceed this maximum.

Weréspiders may eat normal food, but they gain their real
sustenance and power from ingesting blood. Running out of
blood does not weaken an Ananasi, but until she has acquired
at least some blood points, a werespider on "empty" can use
none of the special abilities granted by her blood pool.

44. Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

/—————— ia, a

Ananasi'can accomplish the following by using blood
points:

* Spending one blood point allows a werespider to shift
automatically into a chosen form.

* Spending one blood point gives an Ananasi an extra
action in a turn.

*® Ananiasi use blood points to power certain Gifts and rités.

* Ananasi may spend blood to heal wounds.

* Blood points fuel an Ananasi's ability to create webs,

Unlike vampires, who also use blood to fuel ‘their
actions, werespiders cannot employ blood to boost their
Physical Attributes, nor do they gain extra bonuses from the
blood of Fera or other supernatural creatures (though they
may enjoy the taste and potency). A werespider may spend
only one blood point per turn (unless possessing the Gift:
Blood Pump, or unless a Gift requires more than one point),
and may nevért expend blood and Gnosis in the same turn.

e blood point per level of
el of aggravated damage, an
of blood all ar once. This

mans do. Ananasi may
any form except their
e blood to purge them-

The more serious th ease, the more "levels" they need to
heal. Spending five blood points, or the equivalent of
healing one level of ageravated damage can purge common
ailments such as the flu. Serious illnesses such as AIDS,
lupus or Crohn's disease count as three to five levels of
aggravated damage. Ananasi seeking to purge their systems
of serious diseases must, therefore, consume blood in large
quantities, probably requiring multiple feeding forays.
Ananasi possess no vulnerability or allergy to silver.

Pec fiartloast

The Ananasi naturally sharé many physical traits with
spiders. Human-born werespiders may have as much diffi-
culty adjusting to such manifestations as multiple eyes and
legs as spider-born Ananasi have adapting to the seeming
restrictions of human form.

In allexcept their Homid form, Ananasi have multiple
eyes: Though this does give them greater sight-range,
werespiders must still make a Perception + Alertness roll ro
notice specific things within their expanded peripheral
vision. Unless they have Gifts thar grant them 360® vision,
Ananasi cannot automatically see everything around them.

Most of the Ananasi forms have multiple limbs. This
abundance of appendages, however, does not allow
werespiders extra actions. They are bound by the same

|


pénalties for raking extra actions as other characters: They
ean use their extra hands to carry. more items; moreover,
should they lose the use of an arm in bartle, they still have
a spare or two in reserve.

By rolling Charisma + Primal-Urge, Ananasi can use
pheromones to draw porential mates, as per the rules for
Animal Attraction (Werewolf, pg. 199). For Ananasi, the
difficulty is always 4.
age ane baytet ng

Ananasi-do not use Rage in the process of changing
from one form to another, nor does their lack of Rage affect
their ability to change forms. When a werespider wishes to
move from one form to another, she rolls Stamina + Primal-
Urge, in the same fashion as the Ovid.

Because Ananasi lack Rage, they do not frenzy. In fact,
they tend ro -experience emotions differently. from most

weakest, werespiders must ¢
make their way through | ch

most -Fera ‘find alow Gauntlet easiest t6 breach, the Ananasi
find it easier to cross where the Weave is fir mily entrenched.

Area Difficulty :
Science lab

Inner city
Mini-mall

Open highway
Rural countryside
Lonely train ‘track
Untouched wilderness ie]

Where the Wyrrn's taint is significant, most of the
Damban have greater difficulty, finding the Web sticky and
hard to traverse. Only those werespiders of the Hatar faction
can enter the Umbra ‘at no penalty. Other factions of the
Ananasiadd +2 to their difficulty to craw! through a Wyrm-
infested Web.

lénors

The Ananasi possess veniom-producing glands. Deperid-
ing on the Dambhan's current form,. the venom varies in
potency. Ananasi in Pirhus form produce full strengthvenom;
in Lilian form, their poison is somewhat diluted. Storytellers
should determine for themselves the exact amount of dam-
age, but it should always be considered aggravated damage

rm OAT ON Ui OG

oS nares ne ace ree aS cs is

Necesefully titer th Umbra as _
: ffinivy: to the Weaver,

tharcan only be healed rhrough miedical atrention or magical
healing. In order ro affect the Ovid or other supernaturals
with their venom, the Damha&n-must use Gifts. Normal
humans are affecred automatically by the bite of an Ananasi;
the rype of poison depends on the breed of spider.

‘The bite of a brown recluse Ananasi produces a poison
that has a necrotic effect that spreads throughout the body
over amatter of weeks, killing all flesh it comes in contact
with. An Ananasi raranrula emits non-lethal but exrremely
painful venom, while a black-widow Ananasi's bite can
prove fatal for humans who botch a Stamina roll unless they
receive an antidore quickly.

PUsber

When in. Pithus form,-Ananasi can spin. extremely
strong webs chat they can use for a multicude of purposes.
Creating webs of any substance costs one blood point, which
the Ananasi uses.in the process of spinning her webs. These
webs have a tensile grrength approaching that of steel yet
ity of spider webs found in nature.
enemy, they possess an effective

tated by their be nanasi automatically gain Queen
Ananasa as their totem, regardles _of their faction.

AS A totem, Queen Ananasa grants Occult +3 and
Enigmas +2 while her child is meditating in his Sylie (or; in
the case ofan Ovid child, while meditating in solitude). Her
ban is thar her children must follow the Laws of Ananasa,
and Ovid must cooperate With Ananasi. Those Ovid she
favors must pay 10° points to. purchase her as a personal
totem; she does not favor packs.

Fecnr

Ananasi admit to two distinct breéds: arachnid and
hormid. Metis werespiders simply do not exist. Whether this
is true because matings berween two Ananasi produce no
issue or ary "child" born of such a match eirher dies or is
killed ac birch, the Ananasi do not say.

* Homid — Homid Ananasi, born of one human parent,
have an early life thar differs little from most human children.
As they near the time of their First Change, however, they
notice significant differences between themselves and their
human friends. By the time they undergo their transforma-
tion, they are usually ready and relieved. They have an
advantage over the arachnid breed in that they already have
the mass they need to support their new forms.

Beginning Willpower: 3

Beginning Gnosis: 1

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 45

— OS

|
t

ie
3

e Arachnid — Ananasi born from a mating with aspider
hatch from an egg sac. They must literally eat their way toa
size that can accommodate their change in form, usually
feasting on their sac-mates and any other spiders in the area
until they achieve the necessary size. Arachnid. Ananasi
usually possess the appearance of cheir local spider popula-
tion, characteristics that show up in their non-Homid forms.

Beginning Willpower: 4

Beginning Gnosis: 5

ALLIS

Instead .of auspices thar' determine the role: ‘each
werespider plays in her greater community, Ananasi have
aspects, chosen for them by Queen Ananasa: Each of the
three aspects of Ananasi —~those dedicated to the Wyrm
CHatrar), the Weaver (Tenere) and the Wyld (Kumoti) —
has three factions. The Warrior, or Myrmidon, fights for her
faction under the direction of Queen Amdanasa The Bal-
ancer, or Viskr, serves as judge, wizard arid. seeker ofttruth for
her faction. The Questioner, or Wyrsta, acts As a counter to

the other twoa aspects and dedicates ‘

pay the. most attention order and pattern. Tr ey aim co
restore the Weaver to her original aspect, not' the mad, Out-
of-control creature she has become. Tehere tend to value
neatness in their personal lives, order in their relationships
and pattern in their day-to-day activities. Logical, calculat-
ing and precise, they strive to maintain stability in the Great
Web and to embody the Weaver in everything they do.

Starting Gifts: Groor, Patience of Ananasa
A defars Pg pp SEPCAEIE

Like the Tetiere, the Hatar serve the Wyrm's original
aspect of Destroyer, not Corrupter. They believe thar the
Wyrm. is, itself, corrupted by its imprisonment by the Weaver
and that it must be freed before it can again fulfill its crue
place inthe Triat. Hatar live to destroy,.under the command
of the Queen Mother. They are the Unweavers of Ananasi
society.

Starting Gifts: Blood of Pain; Wyrmling Kinship

Kinaotes fgg Ports

Dedicated to change, the Kumoti work to affect a‘dy-
namic approach to the world. They emulate the Wyld as it
should be, rather than as it is. Their goal is to fight stagnation
and entropy by instituting subtle changes. Even though some
of the changes they support may not be for the best, they
believe that any change is better than standing still.

Starting Gifts: Inspire, Mother's Touch

46 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

combat form,
O understanding the _

Farwnir

Ananasi possess four forms, each of them distinct. Each
form serves its own purpose in Queen Ananasa's scheme.
Even the forms thar seem most "normal" have their own
oddities and unique characteristics.

© Homid: The Ananasi's Homid form outwardly re-
semblés the human body in size, shape and other external
physical characteristics. "This form, however, differs from
human in some distinctive ways. After the Metamorphosis,
the human body undergoes several alterations. Its internal
organs are no longer precisely human. The blood chemistry
alters to accommodate both human hemoglobin (or iron-
based) and spider hemocyanin (or copper-based) molecules.
The Homid form also possesses vestigial fangs and pedipalps
in-its mouth. The lungs change as well, combining normal
human lungs with the type found in arachnids. Despite these
changes, the Homid form is interfertile with normal humans.

° Lilian? This' form sérves as the Ananasi's ‘primary
bining characteristics of human and

aman. _Ananasi can alter
and the comsumption © of

human form ‘Dy about meethird. Thus, a male Ananasi who
stands 6' in human form would tower about 8' in Lilian form,
while his weight would alter proportionately. This form
invokes the full Delirium in mortals who see it.

* Pithus: The Ananasi's Pithus form resembles riothing
more or less than a-giant-spider. The werespider's weight
increases by halfso rhata 120-pound fernale Ananasi in human
form becomes .a .180-pound spider. The physical changes
include a mixture of spider and human organs, including the
lungs. Plesh and chitin become tougher and more powerful.
The circulatory system becomes more hydraulic, allowing the
Pithus toshifther weight about and increase herstrength where
it raatters most. The Pithus form is ideal for producing webs
with the tensile strength of steel (see above). The Ananasi can
use bite and claw maneuvers in this form.

‘This form, like the Lilian form, invokes the full Delirium.

© Crawlerling: The most misunderstood of all Ananasi
forms, the Crawlerling "form" involves the breakdown of
the Ananasi into hundreds of normal-sized spiders equal in
mass to the Ananasi's human mass... When an Ananasi
assumes this form, she usually designates some spiders as
leaders, with others as followers. These "leaders" possess the

POE LL EP, ET in. LL


sum of an Ananasi's mémories anid consciousness and direct
the movement of their followers.

This form.is*best for escape, hiding or infiltration. If
even a few Crawlerling spiders survive, the Ananasi can
eventually reconstitute herself, given time and the mass
consumption of spiders to rebuild her mass. Ifa "leader" dies,
the portion of memories contained by that spider dies with
it. If more than 30 percent of the Crawlerlings perish, the
reconstituted Ananasi may appear (and act) quite different
from the original individual.

Crawlerlings can produce webs as normal spiders cdo.
Although the form itself does not invoke the Delirium, any
mortal who happens to see the breakdown of an Ananasi
into Crawlerling form suffers the full effect of the Delirium.

Sapte SPLICE

Lilian Pithus Crawlerling

Str: +2 Str: +4 Str: O

Dex: +3 Dex: +1 Dex: +5

Star +Z Sta: +3 Sta: 0

Man: -1 Man: -3 Man: 0

App: +1 App: -2 App: 0
Web

Diffs 6 Daft: 7 Diff: 6

SS ne ce ers en ence peeve

Le
Ananasi begin play with three Gifts: one auspice, one

faction and one General Gift. All Gifts are taught by the
Mother-Queen, usually in the individual Ananasi's Sylie.

ener iel Aa aLE CIE

* Many Eyes (Level One) =—— The Ananasi acquiresa
vision that encompasses 360 degrees. Anyone looking di-
rectly at the werespider notices nothing, but ifan individual
uses peripheral vision, the Ananasi appears to have eyes all
around her head.

System: The player spends one blood point. The Gift
lasts for one scene.

* Stolen Moments (Level One) — The Ananasi can
tob a victim of the most recent few minutes of memories, a
handy ability for dealing with anyone who discovers some-
thing the werespider wishes to keep hidden, such as her
existence or the location of her Sylie.

System::The Ananasi must touch the intended indi-
vidual. The player spends one Gnosis point, and must succeed
in a Gnosis roll (difficulty of the target's Willpower). Success
steals the last 15 minutes of the target's mermories.

* Hand Fangs (Level Two) The Ananasi's "hands"
develop a sharp, fang-like point
that allows her to inject one
dose of venom per hand into
a victim.


System: The player spéeiids one point of Gnosis and
makes at least one success on a Stamina + Occult roll. The
"fangs" last for ome scene and do aggravated damage equal to
the Ananasi's Strength.

* Replenishment of the Flesh (Level Two) —~ This
Gift provides the Ananasi with another option for healing
besides spending blood points. The werespider summons
spiders and insects into her body, destroying the insects and
assimilating the spiders.

System: The player speiids one Gnosis point per health
level healed (if the Ananasi is comsuming spiders) or two
Gnosis points per health level (if using other insects). The
werespider may take no other action during this process."The
length of time the healing takes depends on how many wounds
must be healed and how many spiders or insects are in the area.

* Blood Pump (Level Three) —- The Ananasi may use
more blood than usual to power her actionsi/™,

System: The player spends one Gnosis point in order to
spend as many blood points per turn as shi snceds, either to gain

a powerful necrotic NoMa
into her victim, whos
poison. A full-grown human dies i
bitten. Other werespiders are immu

may spend two Gnosis points is (difficulty
of the victim's Starmnina +5 toa maximum of 9), The poison
acts for one turn per success; the victim takes. one level of
unsoakable aggravaced damage per turn, A human who dies
from this Gift becomes soft enough inside for the werespider

> "drink," thus enabling the Ananasi to heal herself or
replenish hér blood pool. Vampires must spend five blood
points to expel the poison; chose who cannotspend more than
one point per turn may die from this Gift.

* Iron Web (Level Four) —- The werespider may spin
a transparent-and durable web with this Gift, useful in
creating permanent lairs or Sylies-

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and succeeds
ina Gnosis roll (difficulty 7) to activate the Gift. She must
spend blood points as usual to produce the webbing. The
web lasts indefinitely as long as it is properly maintained. It
can absorb damage from fire and other sources, soaking
damage as if it possessed the Ananasi's Stamina in homid-
form. Each cubic foot can take five health levels of damage
after soak before breaking.

48 Players

| mocionless.

Guide fo the Changing Breeds

LE Le EE, OT ST a A

* Carapace (Level Five) —- The Ananasi acquires an
armored carapace over her exoskeleton that provides addi-
tional protection and can regenerate damage.

System: The character spends one Gnosis point ro gain
+4 Stamina for rhe purpose of soaking damage. The Gift
lasts for one scene.

* Survivor (Level Five) —— As the Bone Gnawer Gift.

Atecd Cif: Venere

* Groom (Level One) — This Gift enables the Tenere
to look her best regardless of the situation.

Systernm: Once learned, this Gift is always active.

* Patierice of Ananasa (Level One) =~ The Tenere
remains motionless for long periods of time without experi-
encing discomfort. This stillness may make the werespider
harder to notice.

System: The player rolls Willpower (difficulty 7) and
the Tenere may #étnain perfectly motionless for one hour per
success achiévec wing ends the Gift, which may not be

cused again for quae of time equal tothe time spent

creates an air pocket
breathable air. 4
olls Gnosis to gain one minute of
ute per success).

- Mother' s Look (Level Three) —~- As the Galliard
Gift: Eye of the Cobra. :

* Reshape Object (Level Three) — As the homid Gift.

* Understanding the Tapestry (Level Four) —~ Te-
neré use this Gift to see connections between apparently
unrelated objects, solve puzzles and to gair a broader per-
spective on a knotty problem.

System: The player rolls Wirs + Enigmas (difficulty 7).
Each success reveals more connections between the tar-
geted objects or more clues to the puzzle or problem. under
consideration.

* Web Sheet (Level Four) ——- The Tenere can create
a large web extremely quickly.

System: The Andanasi spends two blood points, allow-
ing her to cover a foorball field-sized area with a sticky web
with an effective Strength of 9. This web does nor affect
other Ananasi.

« Spider on the Mirror (Level Five) -—— The Tenere
can créate mindless duplicates of herself to act as drones,
possessing her physical abilities. The drones act on. the
Ananasi's ‘cornmand, following orders to the letter and


|

ceasing activity when their task is done -—— until the next
order is given.

System: The player rolls Gnosis (difficulty 8) to create
one physical copy of the character persuccess. In addition, she
must spend one blood point per duplicare. After four turns,
one duplicare disappears, followed by the others at a rate of
one per turn until only the original weérespider remains.

* Thieving Touch of Spiders (Level Five) —~ As the
Ragabash Gift: Thieving Talons of the Magpie.

* Blood of Pain (Level One) —- The Hatar turns her
blood intro a debilitating poison.

System: The werespider sperids One blood point and
wounds herself to produce the necessary blood. Anyone who
drinks ircmust make a W/illpower roll (difficulty of the Ananasi's
permanent Gnosis) or fall helplessly ill. To take. an action, the
victim must make a Stamina roll each turn. he effects last for
one scene or until the poison is neutraliz

* Wyrmling Kinship (Level On
convince local Wyrm creatures thy
someone of no importance.

System: The player ro
(difficulty 8). For each succe

Hatar can

+ 4) to resist. :
* Blood of Illusion
Pain, but this Gift change
Systerm: Affected,
(difficulty of the weres
an illusory vision, possibly structured by Ananiasi's
suggestions: Though the hallucinati cannot harm the
victim, the trapped individual may do herself harm in
response to what she sees. The Gift lasts for as many turns as
the Ananasi has Gnosis.
* Call of the Wyrm (Level Two) —— As the Galliard Gift.
* Corrupt (Level Three) =~ The Hatar can weaken an
object with this Gift, bringing natural flaws to the fore so
that it can be more easily destroyed.

System: The player tolls Gnosis. Each success causes
the targeted object to lose one soak die. This Gift does not
affect living creatures, only inanimate objects.

* Pulse of the Invisible (Level Three) — As the
Theurge Gift.

° Tl Wind (Level Four) —~ The Hatrar weakens the
barrier between worlds, allowing Banes co materialize in a
certain location more easily than normal.

System: The werespider cuts her arm and spends three
blood points, spreading them over the target area; the player
rolls Intelligence + Occult. Each success reduces the Gaunt-
let by 1 for one hour per success.

* Still Blood (Level Four) — The Ananasi's blood can
paralyze a victim through contact.

Se see ers en ere seen rE es ee

System: A: victim splashed by the werespider's fresh
blood loses -one point of Strength for each point of the
Ananasi's Gnosis. She may offset this loss by a Stamina roll
to reduce the number of points. Lost Strength comes back at
the rate of one point per hour.

* Burning Blood (Level Five) -— The Ananasi turns
her bloed to acid, inflicting burning damage upon: her
victim or any object affected by acid.

System: The Ananasi may activate this Gift at will
once it is learned. The acidic blood creates a dice pool of
aggravated damage equal to the werespider's permanent
Gnosis. This causes great harm to arryone biting the Ananasi.

* Touch of the Unweaver (Level Five) —~— The Harar
éarinake a targeted creature incapable of healing diseases or
regenerating damage.

System: The character must touch the victim, spend
two points of Gnosis and roll Intelligence + Medicine
(difficulty oft aiger *s Gnosis). If the target has no Gnosis,
arget's Willpower -2. Success com-

pend a point of Gnosis
_ The Gift enhances the
hem to do something
they eae do norm uit have not been able to do before,
such as make a stirring peech, produce a master artwork or
speak her mind in a forceful manner.

« Mother's Touch (Level One) —~Asthe Theurge Gift.

* Arachnophobia (Level Two) —- The Kumoti may
inflict an-irrational fear of spiders on her victim; natural
arachnophobes are especially, susceptible.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point ‘and rolls
Manipulation + Intimidation (difficulty of the target's Will-
power). The effect lasts for one day per success, though
victims imay spend a point of Willpower to negate the fear
for one turn per point. Characters already afraid of spiders
become ‘catatonic until removed from the site of a spider.

« Insight. of the Mother (Level Two) As the
Theurge Gift: Sight from the Beyond.

« Alter Lilian (Level Three) —- The Kumoti may alter
her Lilian form at will, rearranging it to suit her whim.

System: The player makes a Willpower roll (difficulty
7): The effect lasts for one scene or until the werespider
shifts to another form.

* Sense Motion (Level Three} —- The Kumoti may
sénse motion around her, regardless of illumination, size of
the moving object or person or invisibility to normal vision.

CAapter Two: Those Who Change 49

LL

NH

o
4

System: The Ananasi.spends.one Gnosis poinr to
detect even the slightest motion with a successful Percep-
tion + Alertness roll. The Gift lasts for one scene:

* Mindblock (Level Four) »— As the Silver Fang Gift.

© Nature of the Beast (Level Four) — The Kumoti
ean reduce an individual to -their most base. (or basic)
interest or driving emotion. An angry person grows enraged
and attacks the nearest target; a sorrowful persom becomes
inconsolably sad.

System: The character rolls her Gnosis (difficulry of
the victim's Willpower). The effect lasts for ome scene.

* Assimilation (Level Five) —= As the homid Gift.

* Mass Confusion (Level Five) — The Kumotichanges
the perceptions of creatures in her immediate area, confusing
them to the extent that they forget where they are, see friends
as enemies and losé accurate perceptions in all their senses.

System: The player spends two Gnosis points. For the
entire scene, any intelligent individual rea, inclid-
ing other supernaturals, must roll W/ :
taking an action against aselected t
mistarget their action. Gifts fail
ligible, erc. Only the Anana
mune butcan take no action.
of the Gift ends it prematru
Fuction Caffe: Mtyrrds

¢ Wlasion of Size
creates an illusion that by
image does not give the
aid in intimidating o
hasty disguise.

against the opponent's Willpower (diff: ity 7). The effects last
for as many turns as the Ananasi's permanent Gnosis score.

* Open Seal (Level One) —~ As the Ragabash Gift.

° Might of Ananasa (Level Two) — This Gift allows
the Myrmidon to dramatically increase her Strength.

System: The player must succeed on a Strength +
Medicine roll. By spending blood points while invoking the
Gift, the character increases her Strength by one per blood
point spent. The Gift lasts for one scene.

* True Fear (Level Two) — As the Ahroun Gift.

* Scorpion Tail (Level Three) —— This Gift, usable
only in Lilian or Pithus form, creares a fully functional
scorpion tail.

System: The player spends three blood points to form the
rail, which has a Srrengrh equal to the werespider's and does
Strength +2 aggravated damage. The neurotoxin rarely affects
Ovid burt damages other creatures susceprible ro it. The Ananasi
may use other known Gifts to amplify or change the toxin. The
tail lasts for the scene, or until the Ananasi changes form.

* Weak Arm (Level Three) — As the Philodox Gift:

* Blood Hunt (Level Four) —— "The Myrmidon may
locate any single creature encountered within the last 24
hours or any individual she has ever fed from.

50 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LEE Le Ts ET A LT A

System: The Ananasi rolls Wits + Primal-Urge (diffi-
culty 7) and spends one point of Gnosis for every scene of
pursuit. The Gift lasts until the werespicder locates her rarger
or calls off the search.

* Drying Bite (Level Four) — As the Ragabash Gift:
Whelp Body.

* Image of the Great Mother (Level Five) — This Gift
enables the Ananasi to channel Aananasa's power into her
own. body, changing her into an enormous Lilian-like crea-
ture with four spider legs, four human arms, eight glowing
ted eyes and a pair of poisonous fangs. Tough, chitinous
armor covers the body. When the Gift is over, the character
reverts to Crawlerling form for one week to recover from the
extreme metabolic changes.

System: The player spends two Gnosis points and rolls
Charisma + Rituals (difficulty 9). Success gives her charac-
ter the following: Strength +5, Stamina +6, Perception +2,
Appearance <5. Each arm does Strength + 2 aggravated
damage. Any creature Seeing this figure, even other Ananasi,
iculty 7) or suffer the full effects of
quests some favor for bestowing

sa Gnosis point to gain
inder of the scene. These
ie her dice for multiple
ice for one action than

. el One) — The Viskr
may make the process of entering the Umbra more difficulr
for a single individu a :

System: The Ananasi- Louches her target and rolls Wits
* Oécult (difficulty 6) in order to increase the Gauntlet by
1 for the victim. The effects last for a scene.

* Shroud (Level One) ——-aA\s the Uktena Gift.

* Mindspeak' (Level Two) — -As the Level One
Galliard Gift.

°* Minor Unweaving (Level Two) —~ The Viskr may
negate aspell, Gift or other supernatural power by Unweaving
the effect.

System: Usable only on Level One Gifts, Disciplines,
Sphere effects or other magical abilities, this Gift requires the
player to spend one Gnosis point and roll Dexterity + Occult.
The werespider may interrupt powers that take place instan-
taneously if she delays her action to do so. The Gift does nor
affect powers thar damage more than one target.

* Calcify (Level Three) —-.The Viskr may cause any
one area in the Great Web to become resistant to change of
any sort. This is useful in protecting areas significant to the
Ananasi 6r to the Morher-Queen.

System: The player rolls her Gnosis (difficulty 7) and
gives the targeted location or object three extrasoak dice per


success. The area carinot be preater than one acre and the
effect lasts for one scene.-Targeted objects must be inani-
mate (which excludes undead!).

* Cocoon (Level Three) — Astrhe Level Four homid Gift.

© Attunement (Level Four) — As the Bone Gnawer Gitt.

¢ Brethren Call (Level Four) ~~ The Ananasi may
éontact the two werespiders closest to her physically or may
summon: many natural spiders to her aid. The Ananasi
contacted do not appear immediately but are notified thar
their presence is needed; normal spiders appear all at once
and are ready to aid rhe Ananasi.

System: The character spends one blood point and
rolls her Willpower (difficulry 7 to contact normal spiders,
difficulty of the distance in miles divided by 10 to a mini-
mum of 3 for Ananasi). When calling spiders, 20 respond for
each success on the W/illpower roll.

« Shattering (Level Five) -— This: powerful. Gift
unweaves a particular magical effect. le can
seal a caern or destroy ‘a fetish.
System: The player rolls Intelli

the a area, affecting the perceptions or éveryone thar enters: L

location. The Ananasijmay remain to actively control the ©

effects or may pre-program the illusiogi t
She may only maintain one such are

act ina certain wey:
ny given. time.
losis parts —- One to

System: The player spends two ©
create the illusion and one to animate it al
lation + Primal-Urge (difficulry 7). Every success adds one to
the difficulty of detecting the illusions which may be resisted
actively by making a Perception + Subterfuge roll (difficulry 5
+ the number of successes made by the Ananasi in che creation
of the illusion, to a maximum of 10). The illusion lasts for a
number of days equal tro the Anariasi's permanent Gnosis.
Fixction Cite: Pyrite

* Alter Mood (Level One)——= The Wyrsta may slightly
altér the mood of a single individual, making that person.
elated rather than just happy or despairing instead of sad.

System: The werespider spends one Gnosis point to
affect a target in her area of vision. The target may resist with
a Willpower roll, difficulry 7. The Gift lasts for one scene.

* Beastmind (Level One) —— As the Level Two Red
Talon Gift.

* Blinding Spit (Level Two) ——If the Ananasi hits her
victim's face with her venomous spittle, she blinds hertarget
temporarily. This effect does no real physical damage but
causes the eyes to sting during the blindness.

System: The player spends one blood point and rolls
Dexterity +' Melee (difficulty 8). Success blinds the victim
for a number of turis equal to the successes rolled.

SS nee rs ees cen ee es ee

* Visceral Agony (Level Two) —— As the Level Three
Black Fury Gift.

© Aura of Ananasa (Level Three) — The Ananasi
projects an aura that causes affected creatures to enter a state
of horror and panic. Though victims may not immediately
express their fear,.even a slight moise such as fireworks,
thunder or a tap on the shoulder may set them off.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Primal-ULirge
(difficulty 7) and spends one point of Gnosis... Success
creates tension and a state of near-hysteria in mortals ina
radius of 100'. Supernaturals may resist this effect by making
a Willpower roll (difficulty 7).

© Tick Body (Level Three) —— The Ananasi concen-
trates her blood, enabling her to store more sustenance in
the same volume (10 blood points).

System: The werespider does not have toroll. Once she
learns the Gift, it rakes see increasing her blood d pool by

tion. A successful Wits +
the webs from sight as if

edeadly trap.

our) -— The Wyrsta's
_ praying mantis, with
sharp, bladed ends.

System: The character spends one bloed point and her
first pair of arms extends two feet in length, growing blades
that do Stréngth +/4 aggravated damage with a difficulty of
5 on her attack roll. This Gift lasts for one scene.

© Wither Limb (Level Four) — As the metis Gift.

* Razor Webs (Level Five) —= The Ananasi causes
strong, thin razor-sharp webs to coar a target or individual.
Anyone touching the target suffers damage.

System: The werespider can spin enough webs with one
blood point to cover a Garou in Crinos form. More blood
points increase the amount of webbing. If the web covers a
doorway or inanimate object, it lasts until it receives six
health levels of unscaked damage. Anyone simply touching
the web rakes one unsoakable level of damage (more if the
individual hits the web with any force). If the Ananasi covers
a living being with the webbing, any motion by the victim
causes the victim's Strength in unsoakable damage. Anyone
caught in the web rolls their Strengrh to damage the web and
takes as much damage as they cause in unsoakable damage to
themselves. If they survive, they may continue attempting to
break the web by rolling their Strength until they achieve a
total of six levels of damage. All damage is aggravated.

Chapter Trvo: Those Who CAange 51

———— LE LS NR


« Summon Net Spider (Level Five) —~ As the Glass
Walker Gift.
ed

Ananasi share a few rites with the Ovid,.in particular
the Rice of the Questing Stone, Breath of Ananasa (as
Breath of Gaia), Rite of Binding, Fylfot's Rite (Rite of the
Fetish) and Rite of Talisman Dedication. In addition, the
werespiders have their own rites, taught them during their
period of Umbral instruction or else learned in their Sylie by
contact with the Morher-Queen. Many of these rites deal
with acknowledging or understanding her place in the
Great Web, such as the Rite of Appeal (a Level Two rite
used to gain rank through communion with Ananasa). The
following are two of the most significant general rites.

LUE Of SEE tip
Level One (Mystic)
The first rite learned i by the new Anana

her to create

Mother-lueen may also communicate We
Sylie, but only ifshe herself initiates cont:
summoned. The Sylie may be located in a small roorD, an attic, a
closet, a cave or wherever the Ananasi feels most secure.

System: The werespider purifies herself and the chosen
aréa for a week, removing outside objects fro the site and
spending her time guarding the area from outside influences.
The Ananiasi rolls Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 10), though
each day of fasting and meditation redtices the difficulty by 1,
to a minimum of 4. After spending four Gnosis points, the
Ananasi may build her Sylie, which exists in both rhe physical
world and in the Umbra. Each success lowers the difficulty to
crawl sideways in the Sylie by 1. The Ananasi must spend one
hour per square foot in weaving her Sylie: If inrerrupted, she
must start the entire ritual over from the beginning.

LLL YOU 6:

52 Players

a Seater purpos

er child within the
Ananasa may not be S

Vatttnedg Anardatar I Ugdore

Level Two (Accord)

The Ananasi secludes herself in her Sylié and use this
ritual to gain the attention of the Mother-Queen in order to
learn a new Gift. If she succeeds, Queen Ananasa turns her
attention to her child: and teaches her the desired Gift,
which the werespider must practice until she gains the
approval of her Queen:

System: The ritemaster must roll Charistia + Rituals
(difficulry 7). The Ananasi must also bring an offering of
some sort —~-a treasured object, even a Fylfor. When it
disappears from the Sylie, she knows that she has learned the
Gift to the Motrher-Queen's satisfaction.

SIECOLYLEL

Penelope Calls-the-Dance Pronounces Judgment:

* Bastet: Like us, théy often desire solitude and can
sometimes prove useful ifdistant allies. They lack discipline,
though, and th ermal quarrels, unlike ours, serve no
vem at arm's lengch.

beloved children, but their
y commend them to us Or

heave raken their service
e of them, for they will
betray you without a thought. :

° Mokolé: Older ev.
memories. We have ta
ate choice. :

° Nuwisha: Some call themselves spider-followers, but
of no spider we know.

* Ratkin: ‘They are sutvivorts,-but they have given up
much just to remain alive. They are good sources of informa-
tion — but don'r expect anything more from them, and be
willing to pay fer what you ger.

* Rokea: We know very little about these creatures:
Perhaps that's the best way to be.

en than we are, they are the world's
fest todo with, them, by most deliber-

at sirety lacoste wat, tf feat for a fire, JEL abl turh Of Pla piap~pa rar.

Guide fo the Changing Breeds

OLE Ln LT LY TO LL A

=|

Markhat stifled a growl, starving at the forms below him with
unbridled hatred in his eyes. Garou. Their very presence made
him want to sink his teeth into their skulls, crushing the life fram
them.as just recompense for the crimes they'd committed... but
no, no. Now was not the time for such things: Black Claw had
counseled patience, and asked that Markhat stay his hand in
hopes that the conflict between their peoples might be brought to
anend. Itwas lunacy, Markhatknew, but even he couldnotdery
the fact that the dogs had at least tried to make things right. Their
efforts were pitiful, of course, and came far too late to undo
the damage that they

had done; but their motives at least appeared to be sincere: So,
Markhat would watch, and wait, and turn his efforts to prey more
deserving of his attentions... such as the Wyrm forces the Garou
now hoped to destroy.

#s he leaped from tree to tree ; scouting ahead of the Garou
in hopes of keeping them alive long enough to make themselves
useful, Markhat was amazed at the werewolves' ineptitude.
‘Their senses weré dulled by their city lives , and
they apparently felt compelled to
talk amongst themselves rather than
focus on their surroundings. Markhat
hdd no such limitations. He saw the ambush
that was waiting for the war party long before they
had a chance to-wWalk into it, and was cdble to react accordingly.
He struck swiftly and silently, his war club flashing to and fro,
slaughtering the Pentex operatives even as they began to register
his presence. When the Garou entered the clearing, Markhat shot
them a look of disdain before taking to the trees once again,

leaving them to stare at the blood-soaked ground and wonder
» how they had missed such an obvious trap.

An hour later, it was Markhat who was staring in awe , still
trying to understand just how the Garou had managed to take out
a Pentex force that outnumbered them ten to one. The coordina-
tion and tearnwork exhibited by the Garou was breathtaking, and
if Markhat had any doubts about the wis-
dorn -of an alliance between their
peoples they were dispelled in that
moment. It galled him to think of

these invaders, these miscreants,
as his allies, but the facts of the
situation were clear ~—- they
fought on the side of Gaia, and
they valued the Balam's aid. What
more could he ask of them?

F fon ~l12 Calo
Cave fo Fe

Long ags, before the humains learned to bend the world
to their will, Gaia created the Changing Breeds. Powerful
beings borne of flesh and spirit, che Changing Breeds had
the task of safeguarding Gaia's creations, both from the
ravages of the spirit world and from their own selfish desires.
She created the Garou to be Her warriors, the Corax to be
Her eyes, the Mokolé to be Her memory, and so on and so
forth. There were many Changing Breeds, and all had an
appointed role to play in protecting Gaia's children from the
trappings of Rahjah, the madness of Cahlash, and the raw
chaos of Mother Nala. All of Gaia's creations excelled at

nae

nN ol Change 53

L

their tasks, and She moved Her attention to other matters,
securé in the belief thar all would be well.

Sadly, ic was not to be: When Gaia looked in on Her
creations a-short time later she found that,-while most of
them were quite good at doing what She designed them to
do, all were rather inept when it camé to working rogether.
The Garou, for example, spent more time. fighting one
another than anything particularly malign, while the Corax
were so intenton sharing information with one another that
they forgot to share it with anyone else. The Ratkin were so
caught up in their task of spying on humanity that they

neglected the world beyond, and since the Mokolé spenrall _
their time wallowing in the mud and remembering the past

they did little to address matters in. the here and no

Similar problems existed with all of the Changing Breeds,

and Gaia pondered the situation fora whil
figure our what to do.

Some time later Gaia tracked down Cat,
for his assistance in resolving the matter, Cat wasn't sure
how he could help Gaia, since he was by nature a solitary
creature. This was, in fact, the reason a passed him up
when She was creating the Changing cds to begin with.

She tried to

Bagheera could not go. ee were ob far away, cad ome
were simply inhospitable. There were also things Bagheera
could not do; she was swift, but not so swift as the Corax, She
was strong, but not so strong as the Gurahl. She was clever,
but not so clever as the Nuwisha. Fearsome and beautiful as

she was, Bagheera would need help if she were to truly aid" |

Gaia's children. Andso Gaia created Qualmi, aclewer beast
whose riddles encouraged Gaia's children. ta. think and
ponder, to look inward as well as:to fight..Sotne say the
Qualmi-‘inspired the Garou to create their Srargazer tribe,
and who knows? It might well be true. Gaia next creared the
fierce and mighty Balam, who stole off into the dark places
where others were afraid to go; and tore the hearts out of any
who would defile Gaia's beauty... Then came Swara and
Pumoncea, the brothers, whom Gaia charged with wander-
ing the worlds of flesh and spirit, bringing their lore to all
they encountered. Gaia looked upon all of these children of
Cat, and She was pleased. But She did not stop there. As
Cahlash's madness sought to engulf Gaia's children, She
responded by creating the mighty Khan, whose strength
could shatter mountains and whose claws could rend spirits.
And when Cahlash soughre to tempt the hearts and minds of
humans Gaia created the mystical Bubasri, who slipped
inside of human society in.an effort to help the Ratckin
control humanity from within.

54 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE Le EP: ES LY iy 7.

exh tence. Whar did ifsay about their.own abilities if Gaia

So it was that Gaia bore Cat seven children, all of them
beautiful and strong and proud. But Gaia knew they would be
unruly, as all such children are. She knew that ifthey become
enraptured with their own beauty they would forget their
duties to their Mother, which would leave the world in worse
shape than when She started. And so She bore Cat one final
child, the most majestic and regal of them all. This child was
Simba, and his pride was such that there was no battle he
would not fight, no challenge he would not meet, no obstacle
he could not overcome. The other Bastet looked upon great
Simba and were shamed, and Gaia saw that they all took their

_ dutiés.much more seriously from that day forward.

| Gaia was pleased with Her new creations, and confident
at cliéy would solve the problems Her other children had

encountered. But it was not to be; rhe others were jealous of

he Bastet's beauty,-and felt insulted by the werecats' mere

janging Breeds, 1 Not to ‘take their
known this if they had spoken to

place. The fools :
they were hurt and offended they

Gaia direcrly, b
simply assumed

will, the Bastet skulked o vowing to ignore the other
Changing. Breeds untiLthe moe where they could show
the cats the appreciation they deserved.

JAS we allknow, the Garou did notreact well to this turn
of évents.. Their response,.in fact, was nothing less than
genocide, as they destroyed anyone who would not obey
them. The Bastet suffered terrible losses as ‘a result; most of
them were eradicated in the places that would become the
Americas and Europe, and the only reason they did not
suffer similar fates in the south was because the Garou simply
did not exist in those places. In the afrerrmach of chat
calamity their hatred and spite rose to new heights, and the
bitterness born during those times remains even to this day.

S fie Par of Ange

Long agé, before the werewolves began their epic
eampaign of genocide, the Bastet could be found all over the
world. The Simba held grand courts in Europe and North
America, while rhe Khan were mighty emperors whose grip
encompassed all of Asia. The Bagheera and the Qualmi were
mystics and advisors, and the Swara ran all across the world.
It was a golden age for che Bastet, and they were content to
share their power with the Garou, who were Gaia's chosen
warriors. Bur rhe Garou would have none of ir.

4


‘The War of Rage left deep and horrible' scars on. che
Bastet, not just physically but spiritually as well. In some ways,
these scars are similar co those left on humanity by the
Impergium; in the case of the Bastet, however, the result isa
deep and abiding hatred of the Garou, one that can only be
controlled with great effort. Modern Bastet are thus con-
flicted: The wise among them recognize the necessity of
working with and helping the Garou to whatever extent
possible, and also realize that modern Garou are not respon-
sible for the sins of their ancestors. That realization, however,
wars with an instinctive desire to kill the werewolves onsight,
in effect doing their part to right Gaia's greatest mistake.

Despite the bad blood between them, Garou and Baster
can work together-when the .situation. calls for it; the
Hengeyokai of the East andthe Ahadi of Africa have proven
this. In all cases, however, the willingness of the Garou to
swallow their pride and seek to make amends is the key to
successful cooperation. The Baster know thar rhey need the
Garou, but their own pride compels them so strongly that
they would rather die than be forced to play a subservient
role to that of the werewolves in their service to Gaia. It is
only when the Garou take the initiative in asking help that
the Bastret are willing to listen.

A Pie ASAP SORRY

As any Bastet elder is glad to point our, things have
certainly been better. The fate of the big cats in the wild is
very much in question; and without wild Kin; no Changing
Breed can -survive.. What's more, the Nine Tribes. were
recently handed a demoralizing blow when they became the
Eight; by all accounts, the Ceilican; a secretive European
tribe of Bastet, were utterly destroyed at one of their gather-
ings in the heart of Scotland. Although the Ceilican were
the only cribe.ro gather together in such a. fashion, the
sudden loss of an. éntire Bastet tribe has rather shockingly
pointed out the Breed's mortality to the test of rhe cats.

Despite the increase in the rate of global industrializa-
tion; not to mention alarming rates of habitat fragmentation
and destruction worldwide, the modern era has spurred
some changes for the better in the Bastet. The growing trend
toward global diversity has taken root in afew homid Garou,
who have begun making concerted efforts to contact and
make peace with Changing Breeds of all stripes. This efforr
has paid off particularly well with the Bastet. Ir might well
be too little too late, however,.as the Bastet's feline Kin are
being annihilated all over the world. Only time will tell if
they can recover in time to take full advantage-of rhe
Garoiw's peacemaking efforts.

LEAP LAISEOP2

Asura: Refers to spirits (Banes) that feed on the -de-
struction of the world, and on their father, who is analogous
to the Triatic Wyrm.

Cahlash, the Unmaker: The Baster concept of the
Balance Wyrm, believed to still be at work in the world today.

Scent nr recat es

Chatro: The war-form that all Bastet attain between
Crinos and Feline forms.

Den-Réealm: An Umbral home territory, staked out by
a powerful Bastet. Creating a Den-Realm is hard work, and
violating it isa deadly crime.

Gaia: The Earth. The Bastet conception of Gaia does
not extend beyond the bounds of the Earth.

Jamak: Spirit allies who aid a werecat in: return for
favors and friendship. Similar to the torerns of the Garou,
although the relationship between Bastet and Jamak is more
egalitarian.

Killi: Bastet rerm for the non-Bastet Changing Breeds.

Wala, the. First: Mother: The half-crazy mother of
creation. Analogous to the Wyld.

Pryio: The Bastet's true personality, based on the time
of day she attained her First Change. Similar to the inborn
tendericies aspect of a Garou auspice,. but without che
accompanying the social role.

Rahjah, the Maker: The Bastér concept of the Weaver.
Brother to CaHlash.

Sokto: The near-human form of the Baster, sirnilar to
the Glabro form of the Garou:

‘Taghairm: A. Bastet social gathering; usually held in
one's Den-Realm during the full moon.

Taklah: A grouping of Baster gathered together for a
common purpose. Used almost exclusively by Bagheera.

Silt
CSAGVIELP AY

Known to some as Kali's executioners, the Baghéera are
renowned for their mystic insights and ferocious tempers.
They are a strong and sagacious folk, constantly plumbing
the depths of Gaia's wisdom even as they fight savagely to rip
the talons of Asura from the Earth. Unilrecently they have
tended co their tasks in solitude, patiently stalking Gaia's
foes and meeting only rarely to exchange information and
share insights. Now, however, they have taken to working
closely with other Changing Breeds, in hopes of bringing
the raging multitude of humanity under control and saving
their brethren and their Kin from utter annihilation.

The Bagheera claim that when Gaia was creating the
Bastet, She hoped the Bagheera would be the lawgivers of
catkind. This role never fully materialized, but traces of Gaia's
intent linger still, filling them wirh a keen sense of justice and
a spirit of righteous wrath that is terrible to behold. This
legacy has made rhe Bagheera the most approachable of rhe
Bastet, as it means that they are the ones most likely to leave
the past behind so that they can do what needs to be done to
deliver the world from the ravages of Asura's grasp.

eerie PLE CT
The most pressirig Concern for Bagheera in recent years

has been the growing popularity of the Camp of Shiva, a
multitribal Garou camp advocating the belief that Gaia's

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 55

A SS LD INN


children have no obligations whatsoever t6 humanity. As
far as they are coricerned, the only duty of the Changing
Breeds is to the land; so long as it is protécted, the fate of
humanity is of no consequence.

The Bagheera are not pleased.

The Bagheera are not fools..They understand that
humanity is far from perfect,and rhat there are far, far too
many people running around on the Indian ‘subcontinent.
But they also believe that, for all their teeming multitudes,
the Indian people still have enough regard for life to want to
protect their natural heritage. They still respect and revere
the world around them, even.if-they fearit: And they stilt
recognize the need for balance, even if their lives have spun
out of control. The Bagheera are unwilling to abandon
humanity just because they've grown inconvenient —~stch
is not Gaia's will. The Camp of Shiva must be reminded that

Brahma and Vishnu are just as important to thé great cycle"

as Shiva is, and if the Bagheera have t@'crush a packot
upstart Garou to make it happen then' so: be ir. India is
Bagheeta turf ——- the panthers callthe shots herenot.the
wolves, and visitors to the region ad_bestrettiémiber that.

Meanwhile, the African Bagheera havé taken.on-a
central role in the fotmation of the Ahadi,' the covenant
between most of Africa's Changing Breeds'that binds them

togerher in the pursuit of their common interests While |

the leopard folk initially wanted no part of Sach an associa-
tion, the fact that they were the only group that was
universally respected by all the Chariging Breeds of Africa
left thern little choice in the matter. They have proven to
be able arbiters, bringing the Silent Stridéers into the pact
even as they allowed the Mayi'o Simba to take on ceremo-
nial leadership duties. In many respects they are the glue
that holds the Ahadi together; without their efforts, par-
ticularly chose of old Kiva, the pact could crumble within
a matter of weeks.

But all is not well in Africa. Despite the success of the
Ahadi movement, Africa asa whole is falling apart. Disease
runs rampant across the land, governments are crumbling
on every front, and drought and starvation plagues the land.
The Ahadi is, in fact, the only good news Africa's shifters
have had in the last two decades, and things don't seem. to
be getting any better. Africa's Bagheera have been investi-
gating various tactics to address these problems, including
seeking aid from their more stable Indian brethren. Only
time will tell if their efforts are successful, but it's entirely
possible that the problems Africa faces are beyond the
control of any single group, no matter how dedicated.

gern teagvrort

While they are not particularly social creatures, Bagheera
social organization is nonetheless more highly developed
than that of orher Bastet tribes. Low-ranking Bagheera tend
to maintain close ties with their elders, and it is not uncom-
mon for the cats to form regional or even global networks
dedicated to keeping in touch and sharing information.
These networks have served the Ahadi movement well, as

56 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

they allow the Bagheeta to coordinate' the organization's
activities throughout Africa using nothing more than the
werepanthers and their extended Kin networks.

Bagheera are the lawgivers of the Bastet, and they take
their duties very seriously. Basret (or, indeed, any of Gaia's
children, as the Bagheera are not particular when it comes
to punishing the guilty) who turn against Gaia, or who
threaten to rend the Veil with their activities, can expect to
be held accountable by any Bagheera who happen to be in
the. area. If the fae is particularly -powerful, several
wereleopards will band:together to take him down, only to
disperse onée the deed isdone.

Bagheera war parties, known as taklah, are truly fear-

some entities. While they are not as coordinated as a Garou

pack, and fare poorly ingwars of attrition (as seen in their

' bacrles against Pemex and the Endless Storm), they none-

theless represént a devastating short-term concentration of
powersVaklah are strictly short-term affairs; the Bagheera
usea combination of Gitts and Rites to run a victim to

‘ ‘ground, then Crush Ainv ae quickly as possible.

"Bagheera in a war party do not mess around. Ir takes
asérious thréat.to get one together in the first place; and
the Bagheera involved typically have other things to do

particularly because they tend to be high-ranking indi-

viduals). As such, there is no room for socializing, no

"tolerance for bickering, and no patience for obstacles or

delays. The Bagheera war party is a hammer, and one to
be used! Sparingly. Having one form ina chronicle should
be'@ momentous event, and it should terrify the charac-
ters evensif the Bagheera involved are nominally their
allies..le's that important.
Litsete for ape kip
Bagheera are the most populous of che werecats, and are

found throughout Africa, the Middle East, and South Asia
‘Their numbers are strongest in India and central Africa, but
their influence extends to the south and the east in Africa,
and to Nepal, Southeast Asia,-and even China in Asia.
While Bagheera are curious sorts prone to exploration, they
rarely settle in lands far rernoved from their Kinfolk (and are
thus quite rare in places like the United States).

|. Traditionally, Indian Basgheera chose human Kin from
the religious caste, but with the fall of the caste system in
lndia they have defaulted to individuals with both a schol-
arly bent and the wherewithal co act on their convictions.
In Africa, the werepanthers have typically chosen shamans
and witch doctors as Kin, and they have never been particu-
larly fussy about race bushmen and pygmies are as
appealing to them as Zulu warriors, and even whites and
Arabs find their way into Bagheera family trees.

ALLA RIOE

Bagheera are sleek and graceful in all their forms, and
they exude a sense of power and ferocity that is truly
awesome to behold. Many have black fur in their feline
forms, but males often have the standard leopard coloration

|


instead.A rare bloodline from Nepal has allegedly managed
to breed with snow leopards, but no one's heard from them
in years (leading many elders to believe they might be
extinct).

Sxegticatca PF eptip IPaphtivat
Sokto" .Crinés » Chatro Feline
Ser +10 Ser +3 Ser +3- Str +2
Dex +2. Dex +2. Dex +3. Dex +3
Sta +1. Sta+3 .Sta+2 . Sta +2

App -1l -App 0
Mar +1 .Man —3 -Man—3. Man -+-3

Se eee eee an re ee CY Ss ee

leadet of the Balam in the region. He ordered the destruc-
tion of amumber of fetishes that had been made without
Gaia's sanction, and he ordered his troops to withdraw from
territories claimed by the Baster (even though doing so was
tactically unwise). The Balam recognized the enormity of
this act, and thereafter began making efforts to help the
Garou in subtle yet effecrive ways.

One of the reasons the Balam cultivate such a fierce
hatred of the Garou stems from the loss of the Camazotz in
the Second War of Rage. These gentle bat folk acted asa
distiner counterbalance to the Balam's ferocity, and. the

Beginning Rage: 2
Beginning Willpower: 4
Starting Gifts: Humbaba's Escape, Treeclimber

WEA -o4

If fury were given a physical form, ir would look much
like the Balam.. There is intensity in their eyes unmatched
by that of any other Changing Breed, and the depths of their
anger and Rage seem to be almost limitless., Balamare
antisocial in the exrreme, to degree far greater € even than
other Bastet, and they do not play well'with others. They
merely wish to be left alone, to prowl the twilit.depths of
their homes and lash our at the dark things that hope to
dwell there. But that issomething that cannot bé, for Pentex
and the horrid coils of Asura are doing everything in their
power torend the forests of the Amazon asunder. The Balam
fight, and they make the invaders know thé depths of their
hatred and anger, but they are overwhelmed. Only the
Garou can save them now, and relations with chose dog-
faced invaders have never been good...._.

Balam are; and have always been, the fiercest of Gaia's
guardians..In the tirnes before Europeans came to the Pure
Lands, they used superstition and terror to steer humanity
away from the territories under their care, be they sacred or

malign. Now they strike directly, lashing out atimvaders of all:

stripes in an effort to safeguard the forbidden lore that Gaia
has given over to their keeping. As the Garou learn more and
more about the Balam's true purpose, they are learning to
work around the jaguars' territories, letting the cats join the
fighr against Pentex and its allies on their own terms.

ecard PLL OTY

Just "Over two years ago Golgol Fangs-First, the war
leader of the Garou intruders in the Amazon-river basin,
began a series of initiatives to win the allegiance of the
Balam, and hopefully forge an alliance between the two
Changing Breeds that would turn the tide of the war against
Pentex. Sadly, however, the efforts seemed doomed to
failure, mainly because the Garou expected the Balam to
join the war effort on their terms, and had little to no respect
for the Balarn's sovereignty in the region. Recently, in a last
ditch effort to win the Balam's trust, Golgol swallowed his
pride and apologized personally to Black Claw,-the de facto

d them as advisors and companions who aided
: eéming masses of humanity. The
other Bastet havedim memories of the War of Rage arid its
effects, and cHius hate the Garou merely on ‘an instinctual
level. But the fact that the Ba lam only recently Cwithin the

given their hatred of the Garou a more immediate edge that

simply cannot be denied. While rhe Balam understand that
the Garou of today are not the Garou of yesterday, they are
nonetheless hard-pressed ro put their feelings behind them,
despite their best efforts.

As astounding as itisfora Rank Six Getof Fenris to bow
his head to,afiyone, muéhyless a non-Garou, Golgol's efforts
come ata. time when the Balam' said might not be enough
to save! ithe rainforest from Pentex's clutches. Too much
darnage has been done, avid Golgol's apparent death hasn't
helped matters any. But for better or worse the Balarn have
now largely cominiitted their support, and recent revelations
by the Mokolé indicate that it might be possible to undo
Pentex's damage, presuming a substantial portion of what's
left of the forest can bé@ saved. The Garou, with Balam and
Mokolé support, have begun ar all-out assault against Pentex
refineries all ower the Amazon basin, and they have even
called up: id fromthe African Changing Breeds involved
in thevAhadi movement. While the Africans have problems

ot their own to worry about, itis nonetheless possible that

their help might enable the Garou turn the tide of the war.

Rega lenflor

Balam are highly solitary creatures, to an even gréater
extent than most other Bastet. Most keep territories border-
ing those of several jaguars, or perhaps a Kinfolk village or
two,and encounter others of their kind only rarely. They do,
however, recognize the rank and experience of their elders,
and they will listen ro the advice of others when appropriate
(whether or not they will take that advice is, of course,
another matter).

Recent contact with the Garou and Pentex is driving
the Balam mad, and not only because both parties in the
conflict are destroying Balam Kinfolk and Den Realms. The
mere proximity of so many foreigners to Balam. territory is
unsettling to the werejaguars,.and this alone has been
enough to drive the cats to associate more closely with the
Garou, in hopes of helping them to finish their business sa
that they will ultimately go away.

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 57

t

America, the incredible diversity of immigrants to the area
has expanded their breeding options, and they have reacted
accordingly. Nowadays, a Balam isas likely tobe of Carifuna

the Balam's recent history have centered on ke Y d mixed Ki
na - : ~ ; st x : mixed-race Ki e now m: *
their interaction with the Garou, it would be OCck as TANOMAamMo, an IXec-Fa mar ° ore
SMF oor-less che norm.

a mistake to think they are defined by that rs S
relationship. The Balam have goals and aspira- a" ADELE RP ACE
tions of theirown, andone ofthesedeals withthe J = Jaguars are-solidly buile cats, and the Balam take after
recovery of lost lore. This is unsettling to those their feline Kin in this respect. W/erejaguars tend ta be short
who know the werecats; the Balam have and stocky, and ferociously powerful. Like the Bagheera,
always been among the most violent of many have black fur in Feline form.
their kind, and when they were at the
height of their power, shortly before the Coates Fite SPeapEaIoaL
Europeans came to the Americas, their Sokto Crinos Chatro Feline
violent matures were reflected in their Str +1 Str +3 Str +3 Ser +2
magic. Many of their most porent rituals Dex +1° Dex +2). Dex +2 Dex +2
were lost in the Second War of Rage, and Sta +2 Sta +3 Sta +3 Sta +2
Basrér reactionaries, particularly the fear- A 1 -Appo
some Markhat,- have devoted a great deal of PPh) PP
time and energy to the task of locating these .Man—1  Man~—3 Man ~3 Man —3
Begifining Rage: 4
Beginning Willpower: 3

ancient magics for use against the forces of the
Wyrm and, if necessary, the Garou who
pretend to be the Balam's allies. ‘ Starting Gifts: Hunter's Mists, Storm of Pests
The Uktenawho know anything about 9s . : Salant
this lost lore find it very nearly as terrifying :
as the Banes they keep locked away beneath
the Earth. They cannot oppose the Balam's
efforts to discover their lost heritage openly,
of course, since doing so would crush any
hopes of a much-needed Balam-
Garou alliance. They do, how-
ever, use more subtle methods to
stymie the Balam's efforts, and they
have been Successful — so far. How
long this remains the case is anyone's
guess.

Lerten capa Ais
These days, Balam are' found exclu-
sively in heavily forested areas of Central
and South America. The. Central
American cats are nearly impos-
sible ro find, though,.since the
governments of most of these
countries are so heavily. pro-
environment (particularly
Costa Rica and Belize) that
the cats don't have to show
themselves much.

Balam Kin are fairly di-
verse; while they once bred
exclusively with. the
native tribés
in .Cen-
traland
South

Exfive agi

While the most momentous events in

The mystics of catkind, the Bubasti are a shy and
secretive race. They are, however, among the most
social of the Basret, and they tend to work closely
with one another in mostof their endeavors.

The Bubasti were cursed long
ago by the ancient vampire
deiry Set; and as a result their
lives are forever tied to the soils
ofkhem, theirancestral home.
~~ -Irissaid that ifallofthe Bubasti
of a given generation leave
Egypt, thar generation will be the
last. None know the truth of rhis rumor, but
none care ro test it, either.
‘The Bubasti maintain that they were
charged from their creation with the
task of guarding the mystics who walked
among the humans, ensuring that they
did nor fall to the temptations of
Asura. With rhe erowth of
humanity and the plague of
Ser's curse, however, these
werecats have had to
change their focus in
order to survive. Now
they tend to be schol-
ars and researchers,
devotees of all
things arcane,
constantly
working be-

ie

58


Bubasti aré highly mystical werecats, and they are
renowned for their magical abilicy. If che Storyteller is
inclined to do so, she may allow Bubasti to make use of
hedge magic paths found in Sorcerer Revised, or de-
sign spells for the Bubasti to use. These spells resernble
rites in that they take time and preparation to use
successfully. Bubasti tend to favor summoning, cursing,
herbalism, and alchemical magics. On the down side,
such arts have some rather unpleasant side -effects;

smell faintly of the Wyrm, often hampering their rela-,
tions with other Changing Breeds. Bubasti with magi=
cal leanings thus tend to stay in the shadows even more
than their cousins, leaving relations with the Killi to
their less magically inclined associates. cee |

ane

hirid the scenes in an effort to sabotage the darkerforcesitithe
world through indirect means. Many denizens of the World of
Darkness count therm as potential contacts Or allies, even

though they rarely take direct action against anyone. Their -,
knowledge and magical affinity seem to be énough to ensure, ©

that others will find their contributions worthwhile.

cetst PLS OPY

While they are not active participants, the Bubasti are
nonetheless loosely affiliated with the coalition of African
shifters known as the Ahadi. Some are currently plotting
ways to potentially sway some of the shifters involved into
lending them.a hand with their greatest concern —- the
potential liberation and healing of some of their ancient
Kin. For millennia, the last of the Kyphur cats have been
kept prisoner by vampires, transformed by vampiric blood
into something no longer quite mortal. Thishas been a form
of insurance that has rodate effectively kept the Bubasti well
away from the affairs of the vampires of Egypt. But with the
Ahadi, the Bubasti see a possibility for enlisting (or manipu-
lating) a group of committed shapeshifters into destroying
the Leéches, reclaiming and healing the Kyphur cats, and
effectively giving the Bubasti a mew lease .on life. "The
question is; though, how to proceed.... :

negate ICKE

Bubasti are highly organized as Bastet go. The tribe is
ruled by six elders, known as khepur, who have an intriguing
secret — they are effectively immortal..Potent gifts allow
them to seize new bodies upon their deaths, which gives the
tribe's elders a level of patience rivaling that of even the eldest
vampires. This means the tribe tencls to be more circumspect
in its activities than most other Changing Breeds, since they
ean afford to bide their time until circumstances favor them.

Each of the tribe's elders has his or her own projects, and
each coordinates the activities of a portion of the tribe inthe
pursuit of those projects. Bubasti society is thus rather
clannish im nature, with each faction minding its own

Seer ee ers en ee eee Ee es ee

accomplished Bubasti sorcerers of Rank 2 or higher } ;

business tinless sGtiething truly morentous demands the
attention of the tribe as a whole.

Lefties lions capsid tps

Set's curse ensures that the Bubasti can never entirély
flee Egypt, as doing so would destroy the tribe withina single
generation. Because -of this, and because of the clannish
organization: described above, the Bubasti tend to spend
most'of their time in their ancestral homeland, and rarely
venrure forth to visit other lands.

Bubasti Kin are almost exclusively of Egyptian descent,

"atid it is quite rare to find even Nubians among them. This

is less an issue of breeding preference and more one of
dynastic succession: the khepur elders of the tribe have
maintained rather rigidly controlled families for centuries,
and they are loath to introduce new blood when they can

_aveid it, The younger Bubasti think this is absurd, but the
will of the elders cannot be denied.

ATP EAP ANCE
Long-limbed and graceful, Bubasti are unusually actrac-
tive in all of cheir forms. Though they mare with servals and
caracals, their fur is always jet black in feline form, a legacy
of the Kyphur cats that were their ancestral breeding stock.
In human form they show a penchant for words and symbols
of power, and tend to wear jewelry depicting such whenever
*s appropriate.

Sokto .< ‘Crinos Chatro Feline
Str +O Sir +i Ser #2, Sere l
Dex +2 Dex #3, Dex +3 Dex +4
Sta +O. Seatie Sta+d Sta+l

App-PeAppO 8.

Man —1l Man —3 Maii—3 Man —3

Beginning Rage: 1 ¢.

Beginning Willpower: 3

Starting Giltss gAlrns to the Poor, Scholar's Friend

Yar

Raw power. This is what defines a Khari. They are not
subele, or nimble, or patient, and they are infamous for their
explosive tempers. But their strength is that of mountains,
and their fury knows no bounds. Because of this, they are
accustomed to being worshipped as gods. The Khan are the
strongest of the Bastet, and they know this. But they know
something else as well: they are their champions. The Khan
may be insufferable bastards, filled with arrogance and Rage,
but there is no one better to have at your side when the world
comes apart beneath you.

The Khan do not merely aspire to the role of champions
of Gaia — they are also Her protectors. While the Garou
venture forth to battle against dread Asura, the Khan ensure
that they will always have something worth saving. Whether
the foes be Wyrm creations or simply Banes, and whether their

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 59


charges be their feline Kin or the masses Of humanity, matters
little; the Khan. live only to protect, to guard, and to fortify.

Recevit PLMfory

The Khan have fallen on hard rimes in the last few
years. The Nagda-Rackbur feud during the middle of the last
century devastated the tribe,.and despite the tigers' best
efforts they haven't beeri able to recover in the years since.
‘This is due in part to massive losses among their Kin, borh
from poaching and increasingly severe habitat destruction.
The real problem,.however, goes far deeper than that... It
seems obvious to many outsiders that the Khan are a dying
people, one whose time in the world has come and gone.
The weretigersdo not want to admit this-—— indeed, they will
not even discuss the matter — but in theirhearts they know
it to be true. Sorne bartrle against their destiny, bur others
have taken a far more philosophical approach,to the matter

— if they are destined to leave the world, then.so.be,it. But ‘

they will not leave quietlyfand they will not leave alone.
They will die with their claws embedded in Asura's throat,
and Gaia help anyone who gets in their way.

Chega tian

Inancient times, the Khan ruled as sulraris aniong mén,

1950s, when the last sultan: betrayéd his Kin and inf the
process nearly annihilated the Kian in their entirety. "These
days the Khan have no orgafiization, instead cai
their territories and protecting their Kin. as-bést. they can.
The Bagheera aid them in thiseetideavary though never
openly; the Khan wouldn't hear of it if the Bagheera's efforts
were too obvious. But ties between thé two tribes remain
strong, and that is unlikely to changé in the near future.

DReritttton ved kip

The Khan; like their tiger Kin, 6née {eed through:
out all of Asia, as well as the islands of Malaysia and
Indonesia. With the horrible feuds and the catastrophic loss
of their feline Kin, however, the Khan have limited them-
selves in recent years-to India. and Nepal. Only che
Hengeyokai Khan journey into China and Tibet, and éven
they prefer to remain among their tiger Kin im India.

Non-Hengeyokai: Khan tend to be of Indian descent
moré often than not, but the Khan are not terribly picky about
matters of ethnicity ——so long asa potential mate is strong and
powerful and dedicated to the protection of his fellows, that
isall that matters. Unfortunately, some Khan in the past have
allowed their human racial affiliations to color their judg-
ment, which-in turn led to the horrible feuds of the last
century. Modern Khan are thus being a bit more circumspect
in their choice of partners, choosing mates who will put the
battle against Asura above petty nationalistic concerns:

AYELERI ALE

Most Khan are massively built, weighing upwards of
300 Ibs in hurnan form and close to 800 lbs in Feline form.

60 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LE nT ET LT TO A A

ing OUbem

Not all of the Khan are willing to see their kirid
vanish from the world. One in particular, known as Roar-
of-Heaven, has undertaken‘a perilous Umbral Quest in
hopes of finding some way to save his Kin. The specifics
are left to the Storyteller, but some possibilities include:

* Finding a rite that increases the chances of
offspring breeding true (which would have huge impli-
cations for the rest of the Changing Breeds as well).

» Erecting spirit wards around existing riger habi-
tat, sothac humans will never want to harvest lumber
or otherwise use the land.

While Roar-of-Heaveri isa Khan, and thus prone' to
working alone whenever possible, the stakes are high enough
here that he would be willing to work with others if they
show that they cah assist him in some tangible fashion.

Wheit the,cake the Chatro they dwarf even norrmial tigers,
and areanatched: in size only by the largest of the Gurahl or
Mokelé. In all forms Khan exude a sense of grace and

majesty that other Bastet can only dream of; even the Simba

cannot match them, and were the two tribes to interact the
with the eldest Khan holding. court over his: Jessers and his.)
tiger and human Kinfolk: That systemi-collapsed in the

resulting conflicts would likely annihilate them both.

Xfi Frit SPARSE

Sokto ~Crinos -Chatro - Feline
Strsp2eo Sees Boe SeretecSent3.....
Dex +1. Dex +2 Dex +2 -Dex +2
Sta +1... Sta +3 Sta +3.-Sta +2

App <1 Appo

Man--1 Man —3 Man-—-3 Man+<3
Beginning Rage: 5

Beginning, Willpower: 2

: Starting, Gifts: Razor Claws; Skin of Jade

Fiya0nca

At ore time, the Pumonca shared their lands with many

"Wruet tribes of Bastet, and many other Killi as well. Since the

Wars of Rage, however, they have walked alone, and this has
hurt the tribe considerably. Gaia never intended for the
werecougars to function without the support of the other
Baster, and chey are not terribly well equipped to go it alone.
They managed to make do with the aid of America's other
native shifters, but the near-genocide of the second War of
Rage and humanity's war on predators effectively removed
even that tenuous support. As a result,.the Pumonca are
bitter, confused, and angry, and most are looking for a way to
serve Gaia that lets them keep their pride and dignity intact.
The lucky ones forge ties with Garou.of the Pure Tribes, or
perhaps with Mokolé or Gurahl, but most just wander aim-
lessly, fighting dread Asura however they can so long as no
one wounds their pride too terribly.

Most of the Changirig Breeds spend the bulk of theirtime
either watching humanity or confronting the Wyrm directly.


Not so the Pumonca these wanderers spend their entire
lives traveling from place to place, looking for signs of Wyrm
taint in the spaces in-between. It is their task to meander, to
take their time, and to notice the world around them. Pumonca
have a penchant for spreading stories and lore wherever they
go..In the past, these were typically tales of great deeds,
whether of Garou or Pumionca or anyone else who tickled
their fancy. Nowadays, however, these stories are often bitter
tales; the Second War of Rage has cut off the Pumonca from
the rest of the Killi, and they have lost their focus asa result.
This makes them quite difficult to work with, as they tend to
be filled with bitterness and regret. Vat aside, if Vourcan
inspirea Pumonca endugh to joinyour cause the information
he provides can be quite useful indeed

FC AE ILLLCOTY

With the war inthe Agnazon, heating up and their feline
Kin' re-establishing themsélves "im.3NGrth <America, the
Pumonca have begun to take amore activetole in the affairs

of the Killi in general and the GAréiin particular. In thee"
process, they have become involved in everything from:

native rights movements to'wars against the Sabbar vam-
pires, and they have been happy to find rhat rhe Garou are
typically glad to receive-their help. So, for that matter, are
the other Bastet tribes in the Americas. In the north; the
Pumonca are aiding the Qualmi irecheir efforts to protect
Alaska's great Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, which is
under siege by political minions of Pentex that have opened

it up for oil drilling. They have also taken to forming close
ties with the Gurahl, whose recent reappearance is taken by |

mary Pumonca to bé'a good omen for the furure:. Mear-
while, the southern Pumonca are becoming involved inthe
great war in the Amazon, fighting to protect the rights of

Ppeoritia Tap fe

Due to their tathér extreine isGlationisi,; Pumonca
havé great difficulty advancing in rank. Tovrepresent
this, Storytellers may wish to treat thenvas ronin for the
purposes of gaining renown. They have us cordial a
relationship with Gaia and the spirit world as anyone,
but word of their deeds tends ro travel slowly, and they
advance in rank slowly as a resulr..on the bright side,
Pumoncaaren't accountable to anyone, and don't have
to deal with the normal rituals associated with gaining
rank. This is, of course, cold comfort to a tribe whoa feels
shut off from the rest of Gaia's children.

When dealing with South - American Pumorica (a
recent and relatively rare branch of the tribe), the above
restrictions on rank should be removed. Native shifter
communities in the Amazon and the surrounding envi-
rons are still-relatively intact, and Pumonca im such
communities have more opportunity to interact with
those they would regard as their peers. (Contact between
these groups is still relatively new, but they nonetheless
speak the samme language (spiritually speaking, anyway).

Brazil's native peoples evén as rhey assist the Balam and the
Garou in ousting the Pentex invaders. The range of the
Pumoncea's activities is truly extraordinary, and is evéry-
thing you'd expect from Gaia's Wanderers.
Chyanieayror

Pumonca have ho organization. They are so isolation-
ist, in fact, thar they are the only Changing Breed in
existence whose members are tore likely to encounter
other Changing Breeds than others of their own kind. This
has hurt the tribe considerably, since cubs have no real way
to advance their rank and learn about Gaia and their role in
protecting the world. Someefthe tribe's elders (suchas they

" ware) are quite coneérned about this, and are working on

establishing atleast rudimentary communications networks
with, thett fellows. The Pumonca are independent enough
thar chis is slow going, though.

Lirefiestion ware kop

Pumonca- have traditionally beer: mosr populous in
North America, despite the fact that their feline Kin extend
all the way into South America. Specifically, they tend to
préfer wooded, mountainous areas, particularly the Rocky
Mountains of the United States and Canada. But they have
alsofound the Andes to be very much to their liking, and the
Balam don't seem to mind sharing their territory with their
norchern cousins, particularly since the Puronca rarely stay

éput for long and always respece.the territories of those they
encounter. Purmonca rarely establish territories, preferring

instead to wander the continent and take in all it has to offer.

Pumorica tend to choose their human Kin from Native
American racial stock, but the tribe is so loosely knit that this
is mo more than a general trend. The werecougars tend to be
pickier about their feline Kin, however; those born from Florida
panthers will find other cats in that population when it comes
time to mate, anc the same holds true for cougar populations
ranging from the Rocky mountains tight on down to the Andes.

ALOLORABOE

Purmonea are strong and lithe, and tend to be-of Native
American descent more often than not: They don't radiate
either the power or the raw grace of rnany other Bastet tribes,
but they have strongerties tothe land than most of theirkin and
this is apparent in all of their forms. They never seem to look
out of place, and as a result they are rarely caught off-guard.

Precis Fv SI afL IIL

Soékto: ''Crinos  Chatro - Feline
Sere) Ser +2 . Str +3 . Str +2
Dex +2 Dex +3 .Dex +3. Dex +2
Sta +1." Sta. +3 . Sta +2 0 Sra +2

App -1 App 0

Man—1 Man -—3 Man—3 Man —3

Beginning Rage: 4

Beginning Willpower: 4

Starting Gifts: Mockingbird's Mirrér, Wanderer's Boon

Chapter Tro: Those Who Change G1

SS EN


Codlrrt

Sly and witty, the Qualmi are the most introspective of
the Bastet, and the most maddening to deal with. While
they enjoy company, few beyond close friends and family
can stand to be around them for long, and even they have to
take a break once in awhile. But the Riddle Dancers, as they
are known, are good friends and fierce fighters, and as aresult
they get on well with the Garou and the other Changing
Breeds who share their larids.

It isnot uncommon for a Qualmi to "récruit" a Garou
pack to accomplish some task, typically one involving a
battle with the Wyrm. It never occurs to the (Qualmi to ask

the Garou to participate; after all, chey are*Gaia's warriors)

This is what they do, is ir not? : a

The Qualmi exist merely to questior,aind to rethind Gaia's
otherchildren of just why they were created to begin with. They
are not content to simply lecture, however. Rather, they pose
their questions as riddles in an efféce to "makeethe other
Changing Breeds in their territories (partiéwlarly Garou) actu-
ally think about the things that they're saying. And so, if the
Nuwisha are Gaia's Laughter, the Qualrni might be thought of
as Gaia's Conscience. Both question the status quo, and it is
only their methods that differ.

Recent I LLLP

Inrecént years Qualmi have focused heavily on disrupt-
ing industrial activities in Canada's and Alaska's wilderness
areas. While the lynxes have little in the way of contact with

the urban side of industrial development, they do have quite,

a bit of knowledge about the things going on in the field, and
they have made a habit of relaying that information ro the
Garouw's contacts so that the werewolves can engage in abit
of industrial sabotage for the sake of Gaia: They understand
little of Garou politics, and find it odd that packs frém the
Wendigo and Get of Fenris (the tribes with whom they have
the most contact) have so much trouble getting along with
one another. But, they pay it no mind; the Garou are here
to serve Gaia, just as the Qualmi are, and the lynxes have no
qualms whatsoever with recruiting a Garou pack to do a
good deed here and there.

In addition to their monkeywrenching activities, the
Qualmi have also been making efforts tro restore the Ice
Stalker tribe of the Gurahl. The werebears' numbers are
critically low, bur thanks to aid of the Qualmi (ro -say
nothing of their own efforts) they're managing to make a
comeback of sorts. The Ice Stalker resurgence might be cut
short, however, since Pentex has roored its claws in the
northern reaches of the contirient, and the past few years
have seen a dreadful increase in Black Spiral Dancer activity
in the region. If only the Garou could get along..-.

Ckgarteasror

Qualmi grow uncormfortable in one another's presence
if they stick together for long,:so they tend to avoid one
another most of rhe rime. This does not mean, however, that
they have no organization to speak of indeed, nothing

62 Players Guide fo the Changing Breeds

OLE Le ET i YT iio 7

could be further fromthe truth! Qualmi tend to know quite
a bit about the goings-on of their kind, and they keep tabs
on-one another through contract with other Changing
Breeds groups... They are particularly close to both the
Gurahl and the Wendigo, both of whom share their prefer-
ences for northern territories. :
Young Qualmi are fostered for a period of roughly six
months by their elders, during which time rhey learn about
keeping in touch with other Qualmi, keeping tabs on the
Killi in the region, working with their allies to defeat the
evils of Asura, arid, most importantly, being cryptic. They
likely spend more time on the last than any of the others, but
since they pull their weight ina fight no one much begrudges

oethem their eccentricitiés.

Qualmi aref6und exchisively in the northern regions of
North América; the European Qualmi were exterminated in
the War of Rage, being unlucky enough to share territory with

a Several Garou tribes. They don't travel abroad much, and in

fact they don't even like to leave their own territories if they
can Help ic. Qualmi aren't picky about their human Kin,
largely becausexhey can't afford to be; they simply don't have
that luxury. This might be one reason why the enigmatic cat
known as Ponders Sunlight has chosen to emigrate to Spain,
enlisting the aid of a bemused pack of Shadow Lords in his
quest to re-establish a ualmi population in Europe (using

othe Iberian Jynx as feline Kin} The Lords find the whole

endeavor Hilarious, but they're willing to indulge the lynx for
atimesolongas he doesn't unduly disrupt theirown activities.

Qualmi are Short, compact folk, well adapted forsurviv-
ing cold environments. They tend to come from Native
American stock, but they aren't terribly picky abour their
mates. In lynx form they look like, well, a lynx, trending to
have dappled grey fur more often than not.

Ceratit Ferris SIAL IL
Sokto~  Crinos" Chatro- Feline
Ser +O "Str +1. Str +2

Dex +2 Dex +2--Dex +3 Dex +3
‘Sta+loSta+Z.. Sta +2

App +1 -App 0
* Man—2 Man —2.Man —2

Beginning Rage: 2
Beginning Willpower: 5
Starting Gifts: Breakfast of Stones, Turned Fur
Sila

The Simba represent the bést Gaia has to offer; in that
they are regal, proud, and powerful beyond compare. How-
ever, they are also arrogant, domineering, and malicious,
even under the best circumstances. Black Tooth' and the
Endless Storm magnified these latter traits a thousandfold,
and in the process blackened the Simba's reputation almost

|


beyond: repair. But when the Mayi'o came co help. the
beleaguered warriors fighting to crush the Endless Storm's
tyranny,.Gaia's defenders couldn'r help but forgive the
Simba their failings..Lord Hakimu proved that, whatever
their faults, many Simba were clearly on the side of Gaia,
and they were planning to stay there for the long haul.
The most social of the Bastet, the Simba are a symbol
of strength, unity, and perseverance for all of Gaia's chil-
dren. Just as the Silver Fangs serve to inspire and lead rhe
Garou of the world, the Simba similarly serve as a rallying
point to unify and direct all of the Changing Breeds of
Africa. This role, ordained by Gaia, has given the Simba
gigantic egos, and as a result few are contemttS follow the
dictates of others; they must always lead; ‘and if their fellows
do not recognize their authoritysthey will battle for domi-
nance until they are beatem@into submission. While this
makes the Simba phenomenally poor team» players, it is
nonetheless true that there are. few thifigs more inspiring
than watching a pridé of Simiba' in action.

tent PLS ORY

tf Black: "Pooth was thé pei onification

imba greed,

hatred, and'spite, the current ruling monarch, Lord Hakimuy:

exemplifies the ctibe's political acurmen and sense of. noblesse
oblige. While miany in Africa feel that Black Tooth gavéthe

Simba ‘much -to answer for, Lord Hakimu has instead used...
diplomacy anda ruthless: clarity of vision to refocus the Chang- ©

ing Breeds' efforts on ensuring that the Changing Breeds of
Africa work together inthe manner that Gaia intended. While
this has raised the hackles of many groups, particularly the
Ajaba and the Amadu'o Simba, .it has also brought the Simba
into close contact with everyone from Ratkin subversives to
Swara revolutionaries. For better or worse Africa's Changing
Breeds are coming together, and chat is thanks in large part to
the coordinated efforts of the Mayi'o Simba.

Of course, not everyone cares for change. Plenty of
Amadu'o renegades plot to overthrow the Mayi'o monarch
even now, and they are finding aid ina most unusual ally: the
werehyenas led by the outcast Ajaba mystic, Shari. An
alliance of this nature is truly mind-boggling, but it appears
as though both groups are willing to put aside their eternal
feud long enough to bring down the current regime. In
essence, they are willing to work rogether now so that they
can destroy ome another later, and there's precious little
Hakimu or the rest of the Ahadi can do about it.

In southern Africa; near the Mayi'o's ancestral home in
the Kalahari desert, the Simba are consolidating Changing
Breed activityon other fronts. With the aid of TinusGrellman's
Swara and the Kucha Ekundu Garou of Botswana, the Simba
are investigating a terrible, alien evil in the sands of the
Kalahari. Some believe this is a manifestation of the Wyrm,
but that is only because they have no idea what else it could
be. Some Garou who have heard about this malevolent
presence wonder if it isn't connected to asimilar force lurking
beneath the streets of Cairo, Egypt. Only time will tell.

ET

"even female lions. Homid: Simbactypically have several wives

resulting i
"follow. Fortunatcl

Outside of Africa, the Simba can be found int only one
other region in the world: India. Little is known. of the
Indian Simba, as they have largely kept to themselves ever
since the War of Rage wiped out the Simba throughout most
of Eurasia. India's Bagheera have seen signs that they might
yet rejoin the supernatural community, however, particu-
larly given the disastrous results of the Khan feuds of the last
several centuries. The Week of Nightrnares further thinned
the ranks of Gaia's children in India, so it is quite possible
that the Simba will step in to fill the gap.
epee ea poor

Simba organization is nightmarishly complex; toadegree
that baffles even the Garou. The basic unit of Simba organiza-
tion is the pride. -In lions, this is straightforward; two or more
males dominate a group of females, reaping the benefits of the
fermmales' hunting efforts while they defend their territory from
other males (and other sorts of predators). Since breeding is
forbidden between Simba,,hewever,.the werelions' organiza-
tion is not quite so.simple. Typically, feline Simba form a pride
of mixed Simba and lion Kid, with axatio of about one male to
every three females. The Endless Storm, for instance, consisted
of three male Simba, two maledions; eight female Simba, and

OF husbands, with about 3-5 Kin to each Sitnba. Sore Simba
prides ‘mai tain both lions and | a mumber of human K.

Beyond the. pride scale, most Simba interactions are
handled Wia ritual; much like those of Garou. Stronger prides
rule over weaker, ones, and have first choice whefi it comes to
Kin (be it lion or hutnan),and, rarelysssa fred sites, such as
caerns. Pride is very important to the Simba, and. social
interactions center on rituals of respect and deference. Simba
typically don't have established ranks or positions within the
pride; they simply establish a pecking order and are very careful
to respect it Cuntil such time as they are willing to challenge
those who are higher up the chain-than they are, of course).
Diefedttesiior: ci ka

Simba are found throughout Africa, and toalesser extent
in parts of India. The Amadu'o of East Africa favor Kin found
in and around the Serengeti region, while those in the south
favor the lions of the Transvaal. The Mayi'o, for their part,
seem-to favor the lions of the Okavango Delta, relying on
their ferocious strength to keep their bloodline strong.

Simba human Kin vary depending on the tribe; the
Aimadu'o favor accomplished hunters and killers, and tend to
choose mates from among the Bantu tribes (such as the Zulus
or the Maasai) or even whites, who fancy themselves big game
hunters. The Mayi'o, on the other hand, favor more reclusive
peoples, and often avoid relative newcomers like the Bantu
and the whites altogether. Instead, they choose their mates
from among ancient peoples like the San bushmen, looking
to their human halves for wisdom and understanding just as
the Amadu'o look for cunning and ruthlessness.

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 63

— EY A TEN


Lkecrityor

Simba are massively built; and beautiful to beholdinall
of their forms. Males have manes of varying.lengths in
Crinos, Chatro, and Feline forms, and luxuriant long hair in
Homid and Sokto forms. The most striking feature about a
Simba is his presence, which is awe-inspiring.

Sila FS pptis Stato
Sokto ~ Crinos Chatro Feline
Str+2.-Ser +3 6 Str+4.. Str 2
Dex +1.Dex +2) Dex +2 Dex +2
Sta +1 Sta.+3.. Sta+2 0. Sta +2

Appl. App ©

Man +1 Man —2 -Man +2 Man 1
Beginning Rage: 5

Beginning Willpower: 2

Starting Gifts: Majesty, Submig..

Sane

When yoo 166k pon a Swara, you see a creature built
for speed. Me is quick, ‘a@nd wiry, and fast, and you could be
forgivernsif you théught that the best of his talents. But if you
judge@ him thus you would judge him falsely, for the blood
of Mother Africa sings in his veingsand that is whetehis true
talents lie: Ifyou look at aSwara do quickly, for he with be

gone shortly thereafter, running into the world of spirit as

easily as you or 1 run through the world of

The Swara are a persecuted race, their felite.Kin preyed
upon by vicious lion and cunning hyena alike, and they are
never given a moment's peace in the world. Even'their

bodies betray therm, leaving them vulnerable to disease and,

injury in away the rest of Gaia's children camnot even begin
to comprehend. But even with the world, withefate itself

conspiring against them, the Swara never forget theif duty: eae

to Gaia. The world of spirit speaks ta them, calling them as
it does the Garou Theurges to fight on Gaia's behalf. This
they do, and gladly, and because of it they are arnong the
most courageous of all of the Changing Breeds.

More than any other Changing Breed, the Swara like to
fix things. The nature of the thing does not matter — it may
be physical or spiritual,.natrural or mechanical, real or
imagined. So long as they feel the rask aids Gaia, the
specifics do not concern them. Unfortunately, the
werecheetahs are also plagued with a crippling xenophobia
that makes interacting with other Changing Breeds diffi-
cult. They have been hurr and betrayed by others often
enough that they do not give their trust easily, and the fact
that their need to help Gaia often overrides their paranoia
only serves to expose them to more harm, and thus amplify
their xenophobia to the point of madness. For good or ill, rhe
Swara have been dragged out of hiding, and forced ro play
the role Gaia intended for them in plain view of all of their
peers. Whether this mewfound status liberates them. or
destroys them remains an open question.

64 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE es LT PT A A

Reef OLS OPY

Tinus Grellmanand his Swaraallies have come along way
in overcoming their breed's xenophobic tendencies. Indeed,
they are now counted as some of the Mayi'o's strongest allies in
southern Africa. Grellman's ranch has long been a haven for
Swara of all stripes, and its proximity to Botswana and South
Africa gives the breed easy access to all three nations —~
allowing them to investigate the goings-on in the Kalahari and

explore South Africa and its parks with equal ease. Unfortu--

nately, the Swara's newfound openness has come at aprice: the
other shifters of Africa have discovered thiéswerecheetahs'

ability to step sideways: jiearly atavill,.andasa resuléthe Swara
have been pressed into service for the ANadi and its allies. The
Swara look on this as a mixed blessing; on theone hand, nobody
likes being drafted for a cause, no matter how noble it may be.

The Swara want to serve Gaiiias, rouch as the next Bastet dor Sy
but not at the behest of the Simba (it's true thar the Mayi'o may
be a step up from. Black "Teeth, butas far as the Swara are
concerned that just means they: aren't genocidal maniacs).
the otér hand, evén.the more conservative Swara have
admit that thé*alliance»scetii8ito have provided them with
strong, teliable allies; while they:have a pathological fea

treachery!#iene seems to be forthcoming, and that issomething
most of themefind at least mildly er couraging:

"itrethe,. process, Biave made. a nutaber of unexpected new

friends. Travels to India have revealed lands once populated
by healthy cheerah populations, and plans are the works
to transport a number of IWamibian cheetahs to India in
hopes of re-establishinga breeding popula
of Swara are overseeing the project, and af they are successful
the various tribes of Indian Baster: will soon have new allies
to call upon in times of, need."

gation

Like Purhonca, Swara ténd to be wanderers, and rarely
have established territories. Sirice they are often terrorized
by Amacdu'o Simba (mot to mention other creatures like
Ajaba or even normal lions and hyenas) they are shy and
reclusive, and often stick together to better their odds
against the world. Iris not uncommon to find young Swara
traveling in bands of two or three, especially if they are
related individuals. Some make good use of their numbers,
relying on rapid pack tactics to take down their foes: Solitary
Swara, on the other hand, are more likely to flee into the
Unnbra than stand their ground and fight (unless, of course,
the target is of the Wyrm, in which case they fight to the
death unless a more sensible option presents itself).

Dtppeiitetton wp Rip

Swara used to be found throughout Africa, the Middle
East, and southern Asia, but nowadays they are concentrated
in southern Africa. Many, live in Umbral realms as well,
having fled the world in the manner of rhe Nuwisha long ago.
Swara human Kin are, interestingly, often whites, since these


are the people who control most of the private ranches in
Namibia (which is about the only suitable cheetah habitat
left in all 6f southern Africa). This is less so in the east, where
Swara mate freely with any human that strikes their fancy.

Duscritition

Swara tend to be long-limbed and lanky, with short hair
and a nervous air about them. In Chatro form their fur
occasionally has the striped king cheetah morph running
through it, which is considered a sign of good luck.

She FS ipyit SPPLLLSEL
Sokto.~' Crinos: Chatro Feline
Ser +10.-Str +2 - Ser +2 ~ Ser +1
Dex +2 Dex +3° Dex +4"Dex +4
Sta +1. Sta #2. Sta+2- Stra +1

App —1.-App 0

Man --1 Man =+3 Man —3 -Man—3
Beginning Rage: 2

Beginning Willpower: 4 gs
Starting Gifts: Diamond Claws, Impala's Flight

SPAEL

Because they lack the close corinection to
Luna enjoyed by the Garou, Basrer do nor have
auspices... They do, however, ‘have Pryio,. which are
somewhat similar. Gnosis is determined in the same manner as
it is for Garou, and tribe determines Willpower.

Feline Bastet have similar restrictions on Backgrounds
and Abilities as lupus Garou do; also, they may not take the
Ancestors or Pack Totem Backgrounds..If they are
beyond their first year they also may not take the
Mentor Background (Storytellers may wish to
make an exception for Bagheera, who maintain
loose ties. with one another throughout their
lives).

The restricrionion the Ancestors Backeround
may also be waived for Swara, Swara have a deep
connection to the land, and as such the Storyteller may
want to allow Swara to purchase Ancestors to represent this
connection. The Swara isn't channeling an ancestor-spirit in
the same fashion as Garou do, but the gameveffects are similar
enough that the mechanics used by the background represent
the effects reasonably well.

Bastet determine rank in a fashion similar ro that of Garou,
but they value Ferocity above Glory and Cleverness over
Wisdom. All Bastet except for Pumonca perform Rites of
Recognition to gain Renown, typically in the presence of others
of their tribe (it is a particularly ritualistic affair among the
Simba, for exarmple, while among the Bagheera it is typically a
simple ceremony between a panther and her mentor).

Bastet cannot step sideways without a Gift. The reasons
for this are unclear, as the Bastet are very loath to discuss the
issue; whatever theories are most likely are also apparently
not very palatable to the werecats.

Chapter Tivo: Those Who CAange

reed!

Bastet breed in exactly the same manner as Garou, but
because they are less social than their canine cousins metis are
much less common as a general rule of thumb. Homid is the
most common breed of Bastet, but only by a narrow
inargin-

* Homid: Homid Bastet are
fairly common, and come from all
walks of life. In Africa and South
America, they are typically villag-
ers or people with a strong affin-
ity for the wilderness... Inthe
United States and Asia, they
are more ofter people with .a
conservationist bentto rhem, such
as park rangers or naturalists.

Beginning Gnosis: 1

Starting Gifts: Cat Claws,
Sweet Hunter's Smile

* Metis: Metis Bastet are rare,
but they do not suffer

FF pa # tke wt Foca lief

When roleplaying a Basret character, either as a
storyteller or as a player, it is important to remember
that Bastet are inherently antisocial creatures. Like
their cat Kin, rhey simply do not understand the intri-
cacies of social interaction. This means that many
customs and social niceties that seem perfectly obvious
to most Garou (or, indeed, most homids in general) will
be completely beyond the Bastet, since they just aren't
wired ro chink in that fashion.. This may make them
seem distant and aloof, but thar impression is somewhat
misleacing; rather, the Baster are simply unaware of the
social norms that they ought to be observing.

Another issue to kéep in mind when playing Bastet,
and which reinforces the problems described above, is
the fact thar they are fiercely independent creatures.
This should come as no surprise, given their solitary
natures, but it is the sort of thing that defines a Basret's
interaction with Garou-and other Changing Breeds.
Bastet simply camnot operate as part of a pack; they
cannot abide taking orders from. others, particularly
those they barely know, and they are unwilling to
delegate responsibility for accomplishing tasks they feel
they should accomplish on their own. This does nor
mean they are of no use to the Garou, however,.as the
following example indicares.

Shortly after Golgol Pangs-First made his grand
gestiire to appease Black Claw, the de facto leader of the
Balam in South America, some rather enterprising
werewolves developed an entirely new approach to
involving the werejaguars in Garou war operations.
These Garou, a coalition of Children of Gaia and Ger
of Fenris (an odd pairing under any circumstances),
found that simply inviting the Balam to the Garou's war
councils could prove to be quite fruitful. As the Garou
discussed the current state of the war, the Balam inter-
jected at odd intervals with all sorts of useful informa-
tion, ranging from details on Pentex logging operations
to logistical information on Black Spiral Dancer hives
plaguing the region. This information was valuable in
and of itself, but the Bastet volunteered their services in
other ways as well. Occasionally,.a Balam privy to
knowledge of a Garou raid would volunteer to aid the
Garou in some unorthodox fashion, while at other
times Garou bartlemasters would receive reports that
the Basret had undertaken commando-style operations
of their own volition, and done-so in a fashion that
ultimarely saved Garou lives. These "passive tactics," as
Balam-Garou coordinated efforts have come to -be
known, have proven to be'so effective that the War
Council now considers them srandard operating proce-
dure. Many Garou in other parts of the world are now
trying to duplicate the Amazon warriors' success.

the persecution Garou -metis often do. After all, when -you
rarely see others of your kind, what.time do you have for
prejudice? Metis ‘Basret are judged by their deeds, and are
valued just as much as their homid and feline cousins, despite
their deformity.

Beginning Gnosis: 3

Starting Gifts: Create Element, Sense Primal Nature

* Feline: Feline Bastet are mor quite as common as
homids are, but they are more commen than lupus Garou.
Bastret try to breed with the strongest feline Kin they can
find, but thanks to loss of habitat and excessive poaching
pickings are often slim» Most Bastet only breed with wild
Kin; captive animals are too tainted by humanity to make
good partners, and they teach their cubs strange things.

Beginning Gnosis: 5

Starting Gifts: Heightened Senses, Pourice
Leyfe

Because Bastét do not share the Garou's connection to
Lama, they lack auspices. They do, however, have Pryios, which
serve the same general purpose but have a much more subdued
influence on the Bastet's personaliry. Pryio isasubtle indicator
of a Bastet's true personality, and it determines how the cats
approach life and handle the challenges it throws their way.
While it is often determined by the time of day in which the
Basret achieved her First Change, Pryio can shift if the Basret
undergoes a severe life change for whatever reason.

The most important functior: of Pryie in game terms is
tied to its influence on a Bastet's Willpower. A Bastet regain
Willpower whenever they do something particularly in keep-
ing with her Pryio, just as a Garou regains Willpower when he
performs the duties of his auspice exceptionally well.

* Daylight: Bastet with the Daylight Pryio are typically
open and direct in their dealings. They can be taken at their
word and prefer straightforward battles if conflict is necessary.
Daylight Bastet tend to be diplomats, warriors, lawgivers, and
protectors. They are nurturing sorts, and have'an optimistic
take on the world and the events therein. Those with a
Daylight Pryia regain Willpower when they face serious
challenges head-on and win through courage or good nature.

« Twilight: Twilight cats have a penchant for myster-
ies and magic, and tend to see the world in shades of grey.
They are often detectives, lawyers, spies, or mystics, search-
ing for hidden meanings in all of their endeavors. They may
also be romantics or artists, letting their emotions drive
them in positive or negative fashion. Twilight Bastet are
insatiably curious, and they regain Willpower by solving
mysteries, thinking through ‘their challenges, or creating
works of art or lirerarure.

* Night: Night Baster tend to be withdrawn and
perhaps duplicitous, focusing om their own endeavors to the
exclusion of all else.. They are short-tempered and fiercely
territorial, and prefer to be scholars,.taskmasters, or other
driven, dedicated sorts. Bastet with this Pryio are the ones
most likely to become assassins Or man-eaters, and they tend

66

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LE LE TT Si LT a A


to acquire a degree Of infamy in telatively short order. They
regain Willpower when they protect their space, safeguard
secrets, or bring pain to others.

Zorvwir

Like the Garou, Bastet can change intro five forms:
Homid, Sokto, Crinos, Chatro, and Feline. They function
inmost respects like their Garou counterparts, and the
difficulties associated with shifting forms for the Garou
apply to the Bastet in exactly the same fashion.

* Homid: Bastet in Homid form look just like mormal
hurnans. They tend to be supple and lithe, and are often quite
attractive.-Bastet in. Homid form are often perceived to be
strongly sexual creatures simply because of the way they
move, but this is typically unintentional on the Bastet's part.

« Sokto: The Sokto form is-a hybrid of human and
feline -characteristics,. with the etnphasis on. the human
traits. The Bastet's limbs lengthen,.claws extend from her
fingers upon command, and her facial features, eyes, and
teeth become more catlike..Her body hair thickens, and she
becomes disturbingly inhuman.

# Crinos: This hybrid form is a balanced mix of catand
human, and it is built for batrle. Lithe and supple, the Crinos
form affords the Baster the greatest protection of all of his
forms, and also allows him to manipulate weapons and
equipment with little difficulty. Bastet in Crinas form in-
voke the Delirium, although to a lesser degree than normal
(Delirium is reduced by one rank on the Delirium Chart).

* Chatro: The primordial war-form; the Chatro takes
the normal feline form and enlarges it, making the Bastet
much more dangerous..This form is massively. built, is
stronger than any of the other forms, and is utterly terrifying.
The Bastet's canines extend to.a length -of 3-5 inches,
allowing her to inflicr an extra die of damage with bite
attacks, and her reflexes are heightened in proportion to her
strength, allowing her to maneuver with ease despite its
great bulk. The Bastet evokes the Delirium in this form at
full strength; it is in this form that the Baster waged their
own version of the Impergium.

« Feline: The Bastet's Feline form is like that of her
normal feline Kin, strong and fast and deeply atruned to the
world around her. It is more useful for movement than any
of the other forms, but lacks the strength of the battle forms
or the flexibility of the humanoid forms.

Cit

Unlike Garou, Bastet tend to learn their Gifts from one
another instead of from spirits of various sorts. They also
learn Gifts via "swiping," where they watcha Gift being used
by another shapechanger and then practice it until they
learn how to make it work for them. This is difficult with
auspice Gifts, but relatively easy otherwise.

Bastet begin play with three Gifts: oné common, one
breed, and one tribe.

SN ee es a ec een ee ee

Condor: CLE

@ Catfeet (Level Oné) — As the Level Thrée lupus
Gift, but obviously easier for Bastet.

* Lick Wounds (Level One) —+ Like the Theurge Gift:
Mother's Touch, this power heals normal or aggravated
wounds. However, the Bastet can only use this Gift on
herself. This Gift can be used as many titnes as the player
wants, but each "lick" casts another Gnosis point.

* Open Seal (Level One) -——.As the Ragabash Gift.

* Sense the Truth (Level One) — As the Philodox
Gite: Truth of Gaia.

* Sense the Unmaker's Hand (Level One) — As the
metis Gift: Sense Wyrm.

« Silent Stalking (Level One) — This common trick
allows a Bastet to move without making any sound. Even
squeaky or shifting surfaces, including wooden fleors or
piled rwigs,can be passed over noiselessly.

System: The player rolls Dexrericry + Srealth, difficulty
5. Failure renders the Gift unusable for the rest of the scene.
Note that this Gift does not prevent footprints —— it stifles
the sound of the Bastet's footsteps, nothing more.

« Cat Sight (Level Two) —— As the Level Three metis
Gift: Eyes of the Cat.

@ Eerie Eyes (Level Two) — As the Garou homid Gift:
Starédown.

* First Slash (Level Two) —~ As the Ahroun Gift:
Spirit of the Fray.

* Night's Passage (Level Two) — By attuniing himself
to the shadows from which he was born, a Bastet may walk
through dim or dark areas and be-effectively irivisible.
Orhers may héar him or spy him with magical sight, but until
he makes his move, he remains hidden from view. This Gift
even foils sudden lights,as long as some shadows still exist
in which to hide.

System: By spending a Gnosis point and rolling Dex-
terity + Subterfuge or Occule (difficulty 7), the Bastet
effectively "disappears" for the rest of the scene, or until he
attacks someone. Supernatural beings cam use their own
magics to derect him by rolling Perception + Occult (diffi-
culry 8). Otherwise, nothing short of total illumination can
reveal the skulking Bastet.

* Sense of the Prey (Level Two) — As the Ragabash Gift.

* Sense Silver (Level Two) — As the Ahroun Gift.

* Shriek (Level Two) —- With an ear-splitring scream,
the Bastetr deafens everyone nearby.-Careless shriekers be-
ware —- your allies are not immune!

System:-This Gift demands a scream, a-Stamina +
Expression roll. (difficulty 7} and a mean streak. Everyone
within 10 feet is deafened for one turn per success, and all but
the Gift user end up in a world of pain (+1 to all difficulties
for the duration).

« Swipe (Level Two) — As the Ragabash Gift: Taking
the Forgotten.

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 67

———— TE IN

t

¢ Impala's Flight (Level Three) — An essential Gift
on the open plains, Impala's Flight doubles the werecat's
running speed..As the name implies; Bastet credit Impala
with this wisdom.

System: A successful Stamina + Athletics roll (diffi-
culty. 6) boosts the .Bastet's: maximum speed ta double
normal. The Gift lasts two turns per success, and works in
any form.

* Touch the Mind (Level Three) —— As the Garou
metis Gift: Mental Speech.

¢ Clawstorm (Level Four) —— Any cat is at his inost
réerrifying when cornered. This Gift allows him ta become
the proverbial shredding machine.

System: .By spending one point each of Rage and
Gnosis, the Bastet gains three extra attacks that turn )to a
maximum of four, total ~ he cannot spend Rage for extra
actions while using Clawstorm). Only slashing attacks apply
—~ he can't perform elaborate maneuvers, shoot guns, or
travel more than 10 feet, although he could use edged melee
weapons. A Bastet may use Clawstorm as many times ina
single combat as he has dots in Stamina.

° Walking Between Worlds (Level Four) — Some
tales claim that Coyote taught Bastet to step sideways;
others insist the trick was ‘stolen from Garou. In any case,
this Gift allows a werecat to step sideways as Garou do.

System: See Werewolf, pp. 227-228. The talent for step-
ping sideways becomes natural once a Bastet learns this Gift.

* Wolf's Terror (Level Four) —— As the Ahroun Gift:
Silver Claws.

* Withering Stare (Level Five) — This Gift lers a
werecat kill with a glance, a favorite trick of Simba lords and
wandering Pumonca. Using this Gift against other Bastet is
considered deeply dishonorable, but it happens nonetheless.

System: The werecat locks gazes with his target, spends
a Gnosis point, and rolls his Rage. The difficulty is rhe
victim's Willpower, and each success inflicts one aggravated
health level of damage. Only a Willpower roll (difficulty 8)
can soak the Stare, which twists the victim into agonized
convulsions until either death or the Bastet grants release.

Bred Cif
Ptonatel COG

¢ Cat Claws (Level One) ~~ By calling on her heritage;
a Bastet in Homid or Sokto form. can umsheathe her claws
and attack as if she were in beast-form.

System:"A simple Stamina + Primal-Urge roll (diffi-
culty 7) brings out the Bastet's claws. They remain out as
long as she cares to keep them, but they look peculiar and are
painful to use (+1.to all combat or Dexterity difficulties).
Once resheathed, the Bastet must invoke the Gift again to
call them forth.

¢ Sweet Hunter's Smile (Level One) — As the Garou
homid Gift: Persuasion.

¢ Jam Technology (Level Two) —-As the Garou
homid Gift.

68 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE Le Pe LT iY ——— A

© Eavesdropper's Ear (Level Two) —— By listening
carefully,.a Bastet may hear things outside the normal
human range, or understand something spoken some dis-
tance away.

System: A simple Perceprion + Enigmas roll (difficulty
6) boosts the werecat's hearing into the high and low sonic
spectrums, and adds two dice to her Perception dice pool for
hearing rolls only. The Gift lasts one scene, and makes the
Bastet susceptible to sudden loud noises (which might
inflict "one to three health levels of bashing damage in
extreme cases like explosions or high-frequency alarms).

* Craft of the Maker (Level Three) — As the Garou
homid Gift: Reshape Object.

* Monkey's Uncle (Level Four) —— As the Glass
Walker Gift: Doppelganger, although the Bastet.can only
take the forms of humans, great cats or Bastet.

*® Madness (Level Five) —< As the Garou metis Cite:

* Create Element (Level One) —~ As the Garou metis
Gift.

* Sense Primal Naturé (Level One} —~ As the Com-
mon (Sift: Sense Unmaker's Hand, except that it derects a
strong affinity for the Weaver, Wyrm, or Wyld: The diffi-
culty is one higher than that for Sense Unmaker's Hand.

* Whisker Sight (Level Two) —- By attuniing herself
to her surroundings, a metis Bastet can get a sense of her
surrouridings. Anything within reach —— even if it's behind
her, or invisible —— is plain to all her senses.

System: The player rolls Perceprion.+ Primal-Urge.
Success grants the character total sensory perceptions within
a 10-foot radius. This doesn't automatically reveal hidden or
invisible objects, but it allows her to try anormal Perception
roll to notice things that would normally be beyond her
sight. The Gift lasts one scene.

Fist of Cahlash (Level Three) — By channeling raw
destructive power, an angry Bastet. can destroy any material
thing with a snarl. .

System: The player spends a Rage point and rolls Rage
against difficulty 6 (for inanimate objects) or 8 (for living or
undead beings). Each success either destroys 1O points of
matter, or inflicts one aggravated health level. The latter
damage can only be soaked by a Gnosis roll (difficulty 6).
Affected targets literally burst or fly apart. The Fist cannot
affect spirits.

* Moon's Gateway (Level Four) — By calling upon 4
Lune for help, the Basrer opens a moon bridge berween
caerns or Den-Realms. Such travel only occurs at night. The
Gateway forms as a glowing fog, which slowly swirls into the
shape of the werecat's intended destination. .Amyone can
use the Gateway, but as soon as the summoner passes
through the Gateway disperses.

System: The Bastet spends one Gnosis point per 100
miles to be traveled, and rolls Inrelligence + Alertness.
The difficulty depends on the Bastet's familiarity with the

|


destination, ratging from 5 (for very familiar places) to 10
(for unknown locations or destinations in the deep Um-
bra)... The two travel points must involve a mystical loca-
tion of some sort... A botch lands the traveler in some
strange or dangerous place.

® Wrath of Nala (Level Five) — This Gift whips up a
wild storm that devastates the werecat's vicinity. This
tempest springs up out of nowhere and lasts for five minutes
or less, then calms down and disperses. Nala herself teaches
this Gift in dreams.

System: The werécat spénds two Gnosis points and
rolls Manipulation + Survival (difficulry 8). lf he rolls five
or more successes, he summons a severe thunderstorm that
lasts only a few minutes and remains beyond the werecat's
power once it's in motion.

Feftpe Coffe

* Heightened Senses (Level One) —- As the hipus
Oife:

* Pounce (Level One) — As the lupus Gift: Hare's
Leap. :

* Perfect Cover (Level Two) —— By scratching around

a place, trail, or object, the Bastet obscures ir from normal
and magical view.

System: After rhe Baster "buries" all traces of the
hidden thing, she rolls Perception + Survival and spends a
Gnosis point. From that point on, the place or object is safe
from any normal perception until it moves or is moved. Any
magical senses scanning the area add 1 to their difficulty to
notice the hiding place for every success the Baster rolls.
The difficulty of the roll depends on the size of the object
and the surroundings: hiding small objects in areas with
thick cover would be 5, while hiding larger objects in areas
with light cover would be 9. The Gift cannot conceal
obvious objects, and it does not make objects invisible — it
only enhances existing cover.

@ Whisker Sight (Level Two) — As the metis Gift.

© Underbelly (Level Three) —— By sizing up a foe or
obstacle, a Bastet can get a feeling for its weakest point.

System: By rolling Perception: +.Primal-Urge, the
Bastet can find a weak spot on living beings..Picking a
weakness on a technological object requires Perceprion +
Repair, while noticing a flaw ina natural one takes Percep-
tion + Survival. The difficulty of the roll ranges from 6 (for
typical objects, like humans or computers) to 9 (for heavily
fortified objects, like humans in heavy body armor or heavily
armored vehicles}. Each success rolled adds one-to the
Bastet's damage pool against that target for one scene.
Spotting a weakness in a magical object or mystical protec-
tion requires a Gnosis point in addition to the roll. This Gift
doesn't work against spirits. :

« Beast Life (Level Four) — As the lupus Gift.

* Revolt of the Land (Level Five) —~ As rhe Red Talon
Gift: Gaia's Vengeance.

Se eee ees en een re ee

Tole Coffe
Sxgltedrie C1ge

* Humbaba's Escape (Level One) — One of the tribe's
fitst and most valuable tricks, this Gift allows a wereleopard
to dislocate her limbs and slide through small openings.
Though the Bagheera claim that the wise cat -—Humbaba
invented the trick, rhe Simba maintain that he originally
learned it from mouse-spirits.

Systern: The player rolls her Dexteriry + Athletics to
dislocate her limbs. The harder the attempt, the higher the
difficulry becomes. Escaping handcuffs would be difficulty 6,
while dislocating her spine and ribs to get throtigh an
airshaft wGUld be 10: The Baghééra's s Staniina drops by.two
while she is out of joint. Simpleddjustinents don't cost Any
Gnosis, but large-scale body-shifts:Cost one point. :

* Treeclimber. (Level QOjwe) —-. By extenditig™ ‘and
sharpening his claws, then invoking this Gifty the Bagheera
can travel up: or rdown any: vertical surface, from tree bark to
concrete, , 2

System: Cli nbing His" Way requires a Dexterity +
Athletics-roll Really hard or slipperysurfaces, like ice or
steel, are difficulty 8, while easy ones like rock*ombark are at
difficulty 6. A'character traveling this way moves at‘10O feet
per turn of ‘so, and .may*have to"make new rolls if the
circumstances*éhange (in an avalariche, for example).

* Lawgiver's Legacy (Level Two) oe Lets said that
Gaia intended the Bagheera to,be thé arbirérs of the cat-
folk. This Gift lends credence to that claiin, as it offers an
edge to Bagheera trying to exercise thisancient right with
minimal force. With ir, awerepanther ain raise her voice to
drown our all others withour actually shouting, and it adds
a note of command that makes even Simba take the user's
words seriously.

System: The Bagheera rolls Miaitipuiacion + Expres-
sion (difficulry 7) to ger everyone's attention for One scene.
The Gift also reduces the difficulty of her next social roll by
1 for every success she rolls for. che Gift. Anyone who wants
to contest the Bagheera's authority must win' a resisted
Willpower roll with the panther (difficulty 7).

© Ojas Surge (Level Two) —~ By channeling odjas, the
mystical energy inside us all,-a Bagheera can boost his
physical and perceptual abilities beyond theirnormal limits.
To do so, he attains a posture and meditates for a moment,
then guides the ojas through his body, directing it to what-
ever his needs might be.

System: To perform this Gift, the Bagheera must first
meditate for five minutes. He may reduce this time by one
minute for every rank he's achieved beyond first: (to .a
minimum of one minute). After he's cémtered Himself, he
rolls Gnosis (difficulry 7). Each success can be used to boost
one of the following attributes by one dot: Strength, Dexter-
ity, Stamina, Charisma, Perception, or Wits. The successes
can be distributed in any way the Bagheera wishes, and the
effects last for ome scene. Multiple uses of the Gift are not

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 69

— — ——————— LS LT ETN I

|
:

L

cumulative: The Bagheera may use the Gift as often as he
wishes, but each use beyond the first in a given day raises the
difficulty by two and deubles the meditation time: A failed
attempt to initiate the surge leaves the Bagheera depressed,
and the Gift cannot be used again that day.

© Eye of the Cobra (Level Three) — As the Galliard
Gift.

* Potter's Clay (Level Four) — As the Level Three
homid Gift: Craft of the Maker.

© Shiva's Might (Level Five) —~- The mightiest of the
Bagheera may change into a form reminiscent of Shiva the
Destroyer. In a burst of holy light, the Bastet becomes a 12-
foot-tall, six-armed Crinos-form werepanther wielding flam-
ing weapons. Until the ground is littered with bodies, this
godlike force of destruction hacks everything around it —
foe and otherwise —- into bloody gobbets. Obviously,.rhis
Gift is a last resort, but it is a very effective one.

System: The Bastet invoking this Gift spends two Rage
points and two Gnosis poinrs, then immediately rolls for
frenzy (difficulty 3). If he wins five successes or more, the
Bagheera springs into Crinos form, grows three ‘feet taller,
and sprouts four more arms, each bearing a flaming weapon.
This destroyer form, the Juddho, enters a killing frenzy rhat
lasts for one turn for every point of Rage in the Bastet's
permanent rating. If he fails, nothing happens; a botrch
brings on a fox frenzy instead. The Juddho form statistics are:

Strength: +6

Dexterity: +3

Stamina: +6

Appearancer O

Weapons: Strength +4 (aggravated)

No one i
attacked. The Bagheera is totally incapable of any form of
rationalcommunication or combat strategy. Until the Juddho
form disappears, he knows only how to kill. When the Gift
finally fades, the panther drops to zero Rage, assumes his
breed form and falls asleep for ar least four hours.

Caeatertee CTS

* Hunter's Mists (Level One) — As the Black Fury
Gift: Curse of Aeolus.

* Storm of Pests (Level One) —— By singing a plea to
the Fly Lord, a werejaguar can call up a cloud of mosquitoes,
gnats, biting flies,.or some equally obnoxious bugs. These
creatutes don't so much. damage sas distract' their prey,
allowing the Balam to either prepare am ambush or escape.

System: The Balam rolls Manipulation + Survival. In
rainforests or coastal areas, the difficulty is 5. In other places
it rises to 7, or 9 in areas where insects are scarce. For each
success, ari area roughly 10 feet square is filled with stinging
and biting insects, reducing all dice pools by 2' for one turn
per success. After that, the insects disperse. The Gift's user
is not immune to insect bites, but usually knows what to
expect and can act normally.

7O Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

* Perfect Cover (Level Fws)y "= As the feline Gift.

* Terrors (Level Two)-—— As the Ahroun Gift: True Fear.

*° Wandering Forest (Level Three} —— As the Red
Talon Gift: Trackless Waste.

* Vision Cloud (Level Four) —- Among the old folk;
the jaguars were respected for their insight. Many Olmecs
and Maya came to them fof visions, and the tribe responded
by invoking this ageles: ift. By calling to the spirits of the
aif'and the plants?avinodern jaguar can still conjure the
Vision Clotidy.a switling fog that wraps_itselfithrough the
clearing or cave, bringing mystic insighits ¢ to, those wh
them —— and to those who do not. :

System: By succeeding on a Men ipblation' + Enignias
roll (difficulty 5) and spending a Gnosis point, the Balam
can fill an aréa up to 50 feet square withya misty cloud that
affects everyone without breathing gear or magical: protec-
tion — including the Balam herself. The visions s¢én are left
to the Storyreller's discretion, but should foréshadow pos-
sible furure evenré, reveal lost lore, or offer clues thar clever
characters can decipher. se

* Jungle's Vengeance (Level Four) — By tapping into
his tiés with the laid, #HE Balam urges the jungle itself to turn
against any invaders. It begins with simple annoyances ——
biting irisects, entangling vines, and so on — and progresses
to deadlier tactics if the interlopers don't take che hint.

System: The Balam spends a point of Rage and two
points of Gnosis, and sets in-motion a purposeful series of
events designed to drive invaders away from the werejaguat's
domain. Although the Storyteller has the final say about
what happens and ro whom, the one constant with the Gift
is the fact that it gets more and more dangerous as time goes
by. It won't be enough .to harm supernaturals (much), but it
will drive humans to the brink of madness and beyond (and
might significantly interfere with Garou operations, should
they be unlucky enough to rub the Balam the wrong way.-.).

her hand, the Balam can rip the heart out of an enemy from
a distance, pull it to his palm, and consume it in a burst of
fire. This Gift kills the target if it succeeds.

System: The- Balam. rolls Gnosis (difficulty 7) and
spends two Gnosis points. If the werejaguar's successes
amount to twice the target's dots in Stamina or more, the
victim dies. Supernatural defenses (vampiric fortitude, Gifts,
etc.) subtract ome success for every dot or level of protection.
Hence, this Gift isn't useful for killing supernatural foes, but

's devastating against normal humans.
CSpialle Cif

e Alms to the Poor (Level One) —— Beggars are an all-
too-common feature of Bubasti homelands. As a kindness
Cand perhaps as a bribe to the gods), rhe shadowcats devel-
oped this secret, which allows one to conjure up a small bir
of food or money to give to a beggar. Naturally, the cat can
use the "alrns" for himself, but they.taste slightly bitter and
leave the palm greasy if used for selfish means.


See scene es ens ene ren eC i

System: The Bubasti spends a poirit of Gnosis arid rolls Gnosis against difficulty 6. Each success creates a handful of food
or cheap copper coins (no bills, silver or gold). Most Bubasti disguise rthis "miracle" by
teaching into a.sack or box before sharing this wealth. :
© Scholar's Friend (Level One) —— This secret allows a Bubasti to read a book,
scroll or tablet in any written language. This talent dgesn't teach the cat any new
language, nor does it help him understand esoteric -cOncepts or missing bits of text.
Even so, the ability to read anything set in front ofjyou is a subtle yet powerful Gift.
System: The Baéstet sperids a Gnosis point, rolls his Willpower and begins reading.
The difficulty of the roll depends on the obscurity of the text; modern languages are
difficulty 5, while archaic languages are 7 and,gbscure pictogramis are 9. Only one roll
is allowed per reading session. The Gift lasrs for one hotir per success, and the werecat
must rest his eyes for several hours after finishing. Note that a failed roll doesn't
mean the cat can't read the language, it might indicate misunderstanding
= instead. Storytellers are advised.s6 keep the difficulty of the roll secret, and
BA oto be fiendishly imaginative with missed rolls.

* Dreamspeak (Level Pwo) —— As the Calliard Gife.

* Spirit Barrier (Level Two) — This Gift allows the Bubasti to erect
award that walls off an area from spirit traffic no spirit can move in or
our of the place without the Bubasti's permission.

System: The Bubasti spends a Gnogis point and rolls Willpower (diffi-
culty 8). Each success raises the Gauntlet i in a 30-foot square area by one, and
extends it so that the barrier exists' in both the materialtind Pentiinbral
worlds. The Ward lasts for one day per point of the Bubasti's*permanent
Gnosis, unless some spirit destroys it. Doing so requires three successes on
a Rage roll against the difficulty of the new Gauntlet rating. =

* Banish Cahlash's Brood (LevélThree) =— By
calling upon the Father of Dark Spirits, a Bubasti may
command one of his brood to-depart. This is a potent
Gift, bue ic is mot without price: each time the Bastet
uses this Gift, his fur grows a deeper shade of black and
his actions become more... erratic. Changing Bréeds with
Sense Wyrm may detect:a bit of taint upon. im until he
purges himself somehow. The more spirits he banishes,
the deeper the taint becomes.

System: The Bubasti rolls Manipulation + Enig-
mas and sperds.a WillpeWer point to attempt to
dismiss the spirit. The difficulty is the spirit's
Gnosis or Rage, whichever is higher. Each
success removes three points of the
spirit's Essence, and more power-
ful spirits can be banished using
extended rolls (of course, the

spiric won'r sit still in the
meantime...}. For: fetishes,
the difficulty is6 + the level
of the fetish (maxirnum 10).
In either case, the cat may sac-
rifice health levels to lower the
difficulty of the roll om.a one for
one basis. Gaia help the cat who botches the
roll, however; doing so requires a frenzy check
against a difficulty of 6, and failure fills the car
with Wyrm. taint.. Atonement isn't impossible,
birt it is arduous and brings the cat no Renown.

>
¥

"1


* Shadowplay (Level Four) —~ As the Théurge Gift,
except the Bubasri does riot have to mimic the shadow's
movements; once free, it can go about its business as if it
were a perfect duplicate of the Bastret. Also unlike the Garou
Gift, some light must be present to cast the shadow in rhe
first place.

* Shadow Brethren (Level Five) — As the Shadow
Lords Gift: Shadow Pack.

° Razor Claws (Level One) —- As the Lével One
Ahroun Gift, .
* Skin of Jade (Level One) — Willing himself solid,

adharvcan harden his skin'to the stréngthyof jade. It's said

the spirit of the rock itself taught this*Gift.26 Yu Kwan, a
warrior in the service of the alcheinist Ko: Hane.

System: By spendinged Willpower point and rolling
Gnosis (difficulty 7), cae weretigergains an additional two
dice to his soak rolls: This Gift,Jasts one scene.

* Heart.of Fury (Level Two) ——~As the Ahroun Gitr.

* Snafl of the Predatér (Level Two} — As the Get of
Fenris, Gift.

* Wanderer's Boon;(Level One) — Travel is difficult,

especially @iven the Spartan ways.of the Pumonca. This. Gitt™ .

allows the.cotigarto adapt to changing climates. alickly or
to ignore' the pangs of hunger or thirst for sgine time. Bird-
spir its and bear-spitits teach this Gift
‘Systeme-By rolling Sramina + ival (difficulry 6)
and spéefiding a dW illpower pointythe Pumonca can do one
of the following things: ignore' ‘the worst effects of normal
heat and cold for a week, gé One day without water or go
three days without food. Particularly haréh conditions (bliz-
zards; droughts, etc) cam€aise the difficulty by 2 or more. The
Giftcan berepeatedybut the difficultydises by one each time
it's performed inesuccession.
° Speak With Wind Spirits@Level Two) —— As the
Wendigo Gift.
* Spirit of the Fish (Level/['wo) —— As the Ukrena Gift.
* Thanderbok (Lev "hree) —- A pact. with the
spirits of the storm. allows{some Pumonca to call down a
thunderbolt. If arteast oné cloud hangs in the air above, the
cougar can summon lightning. Most cougars learn this Gift
fromm Thunderbird himself.

é@ Paws of the Ruane Spirit Tiger (Level Three) — By
channeling his ‘chit energy through this Gift, a Khan can
wreath his paws or hands in crackling spirit power. Thus
fortified, thestiger-can rip through enemies in the spirit
world witheut stepping sidewaystodordt;.as long as he can
see them. Obvioushy; no spirit teaches a Bastet such a
damaging Gift; the Khan has to learn it from another Khan
(and considering the Gift's natute, learning it can be very
dangerous! ).

System: The Khan'spends a onbas Sint and concen-
tratés.. The next turn, his paws or hands begin ro smolder
with blue-white light. The light burns from blue to green to
yellow to red... When it attains a-pinkish hue, the Gift
dissipates.-"This takes roughly six turns.

« Astra's Bane (Level Four) — As the Level Three
Bubasti Gift: Banish Cahlash's Brood, except thar using it
turns the tiger's pelt white instead of black. Unlike the
Bubasti, tigers channel the Weaver to banish corruption.

« Call to Battle (Level Five) — As the Ahroun Gift:
Strength of Wil.

ypuonci CGE

* Mockingbird's Mirror (Level One) — This Gifrlets
a Pumonca imitate whatever he wishes —<‘birds, animals,
humans, even machines — and allows him'to throw his new
voice for some distance. As the name implies, a mocking-
bird-spirit teaches this Gift, usually in return for food.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge
(Difficulty 6) to imitate sounds within the normal human
vocal range. If he's successful, his mimicry is flawless. Mir-
toring sounds ourside the normal range he must spend a
Gnosis point and the difficulty is 7. This Gift lasts for one
scene, and sounds can be "thrown" up to 100 feet away from
where the werecougar stands.

V2 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LE Tn Ss ET DT Le A

System: The Pumonca spends a point of Rage to
summon a bolt of lightning and rolls Dexterity + Survival to
hit his rarget. Under normal conditions the difficulty is 8;
latge target or stormy skies can reduce the roll to 6, while dey
conditions or unusually small targets can raise iéto 10. The
bolt inflicts two dice of fire damage for every poiiat of the
werecougar's Gnosis... Whether or not the lightning:strike
hits, victims" must make a Willpower roll (difficulty. 8) to
avoid xinningein, fear.

* Call Elemenital (Level Four) = As the Ukeetia Gift.

* Thunderbird's Cry (Level Five) ——Aéthe feline Gift:
Wrath of Nats; ‘only the storm may, last longer if five or more
successes Are rolled. This Citt is taughe by Thunderbird himself.

* Breakfast of Stones (Level One) i ANS ‘the Pumonca
Gifts Wanderer's Boon. .... ‘

* ‘Turned Fur (Level One) —~ ‘As the Wendigo Gift:
Camouflage, save thar the Qualmy must discarddainy cloth-
ing and gear before the Gift taly Ss effect — -only the lynx
himself changes color. :

© Wind From the West evel pwol This Gifrrakes
the form of a series of high'speed riddles designed to tie.a
victim's mind into knots. dMost Qualmi are rather pleased if
this Gift fails; it's not often they find gomeone clever enough
to keep up with them."

System: The Qéalmi rolls Manipulation +. Enigmas
(difficulty equals thetarget's Willpower). Success scrambles
the target's sense of direction and rélationship. Three or more
successes send the target into a panic; Changing Breeds must
check for frenzy, and normal humans flee in terror. The Gift's
effects last for about 15 minutes, then slowly fade.

If the target is clever enough, he might try to figure out
the puzzle (Wits + Enigmas, difficulty equals the CQualmi's


Willpower) before it takes effect. If the players and Story-
teller wish, this can be simulated using the rules for gamecraft
(see Werewolf, p. 202), wherein the difficulty for each party
increases by one until someone fails a roll. As mentioned
above, Qualmi tend to be gracious losers when opponents
prove to be clever enough to outwit the lynx.

© Wisdom of the Ancient Ways (Level Three) —~ As
the Philodox Gift.

© Chill of Early Frost (Level Four) <— As the Wendigo Gift.

© Water's Vision (Level Five) —— With this' Gift, the
Qualmi-can look through barriers to,gHtnpse what. lies
beyond them: [t doesn't matter if,shé barriers are mundane
or spiritual — all becomes like glass toa Qualmi who wants
to see past them.

System: Seeing through barriers reqtiir Perception
+ Primal-Urge roll against he IécalGauntlet rating. For
each success, the lyk can, 100 feet without obstruction.
Every object, living or not, appears translucent and dmoma-

terial. It's tinfortunately rather difficult to foctlson one the 1g

when you can seeithrough everything; it oftet requires'

Perception + Adertness roll' to notice details. The: vision

stops at ground level, but the Qualmi can see into basements

or cellars if her sight extends far enough. This Gift lasts fOr,

ome turMm per Success.

Spall Cie

* Majesty (Level One) =~ As the Levél Two Bagheera
Gift: Lawgiver's Legacy, except it involves Manipulation +
Intimidation. Orher Simba are immune to its effects.

"Clap, the Simba vomits a ball of fire on his f6es. This burn

Si, consumed.

* Submit (Level

One) — An impor-

tant trick in any

ruler's arsenal isthe

ability to. make

hissubjects obey

whether they want to or

not. By mastering her body,

a Simba can force others to fall to their knees or rollover on
their backs in submission.

System: Like the Level Four Philodox Gift: Roll Over,
although the Simba must spend a point of Gnosis for every
Rank he is short of Rank Four (thus, aRank One Simba must
spend three Gnosis to use this Gift). The Gift can't change
atarget's mind, but it can master his body if the Simba earns
atleast three successes ina resisted Willpower roll (difficulty
7). This Gift lasts forgOne turn" peérysuccess. Simba' pare
immune to this Gift if it comes from one' of their kind.

* Armor of Kings (evel "Fowo) — As the Children of
Gaia Gift: Luna's Armor. ; :

© Fireroar (Level Three).

: Bellowing like athund

exhalation ¢ continues to blaze until either it or its rarge

System: This Gifteasts one Ghiosis point to activates the
Simba,blasts our a fireball worth one health level of damage
for each' peint of the Simba's current Gnosis. A_sticcessful
Dexterity + Brawl roll puts the fireball where.thé lion wants
it; extra successes dG!met,add to damage it burms anyone

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 73

a A LT NE


within .10 feet of the blast unless he makes a Dexterity +
Dodge roll (difficulty 8). If the target has already acted this
turn, the Fireroar inflicts its full damage. Next turn, it will
burn for half that damage igniting anything flammable in its
tange. On the third turn, the Gift's fire burms for one addi-
tional health level, then dies: A fire begun by the Gift will
burn like any normal blaze (see Werewolf, p:.188).

* King of Beasts (Level Four) ——~ Like the Level Two
Philodox Gift: King of the Beagess: except that it affects all
animals within 300 feet. 2

* Obedience Geevgl Bive) a ANS the Shadow Lord Gift.

Shara Cif"
- Dianiiond Claws (Level One) — AS the Ahroun
Gift: Razér ClawsSince Swara Gannot fully rettact their

claws,.they find this Gift especially ‘useful.

* Impala's Flight (Level One) —— Ais.the Level Three "

common Gift, but obviously easier for the swift Swara:
© Sense the Unnatural (Level Two)— As thelupus Gift.
* Walking Between Worlds (Level: Two) — ‘As the

Level Four common. Gift. Unril recently, the éage . with.

which the Swara learn this Gift was a closely.guarded secret.

greatest favors a Bastet can offer a spitit is the chance té'tide
in his skin for a while. Although most Bastet would never
consider sucha "loan," many Swara see voluntary possession
as a service, not a chore. This Gift, which begins with a
frenzied dance, allows a spirit to hitch a ride in the Swara's
body. The Swara, in turn, gets various side benefits tied ta
the type of spirit summoned.

System: After either checking the Umbra or using a
Rite of Summoning to call a spirit to his side, the Swara rolls
Charisma + Enigmas (cifficulty 7). The Gift lasts two turns
per success, and allows the Swara. to do things that are
normally impossible —— wild contortions, great feats of
strength, flight, etc. The exact effects will depend on the
spirit involved, the Bastet, their circumstances, and the
relationship betweeii the three, but it should. emphasize
drama over game systems.

* Ghost Caress (Level Four) — This Gift, so named
because most people blame ghosts for its effects, allows the
Swara to use sympathetic magic to send sensations across a
distance. Although the magic can't physically harm some-
one, it can drive him mad as phantom pains or pleasures
wash over him without perceptible cause.

System: To reach across space, the Swara spends a
Willpower point and rolls Gnosis. The difficulty depends on
the distance between the Bastet and her target; short ‘dis-
tances (undera mile) are difficulty 7, while great distances Cup
to 50 miles) are difficulty 10. Whatever she does to her focus
from that point onward passes the sensation on the person on
the receiving end. Each success gives the Swara one action to
perform. When those actions are done, the spell ends.

°e Speed Beyond Thought (Level: Four) — As the
Level Four Gift.

74. Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

* River of Blood (Level Five) —— The soil of Africa has
been bathed in the bloodeofitssinhabicants for tens of
thousands of years. A' Swara can call thar spilled blood
together through the soil and'Bive,it form, creating a pool,
a river, a mass of tentacles, or a variety of othemthings. In
modern times. this bond to blded seems to be limited to
African soil; if a Swara has ever used, this Gift outside his
native land, no ‘ales, of the Vent survive.

System: It costs a' Rage poingt6 pull a large amount of
blood together, A successful Manipulation + Primal-Urge roll
is alsa required. "The roll's difficulty depends on location; a
place that's seém a lot ef bloddshed (a watering hole, the site
of a massacre, etc.) is only 7, while a remote mountain peak
would.be 10. Jt takes several turns for the blood ta, ‘coalesce
into solid form; once it does, rhe cheetah can work it into any
of the following shapes: a wall, a column, a shower, a geyser,
apool,a river, a répe, a bridge, ora mass of "arms" which wrap
the tarseradii a liquid embrace. ALL forms have Strength or
Health levels based on the dat's successes. For each success,
the blood attains two dots'of Strength or nwo Health levels.
Although it remains ligitid, the River of Blood can be as solid
‘as,thick sand.ornas'fluid as water. This Gift lasts for ome scene,
then the blood drains back inrgthe earth. The Swara whouses

the Gift will be sadforWGurs afterward; the blood of innumer-
able déaths has passed through his hands.

While Basret don't place rhe same importance on rites
as Garou do, they still recognize that some occasions are
significant enough to warrant an elaborate ritual. Bastet
thus take their rites seriously, even if they use them only
rarely. In game terms, Bastet rites function much like Garou
ones. Each rite level requires at least 10 minutes' worth of
ceremony to enact, though most can be performed alone.
The cat must ser aside a ritual space by clearing and prepar-
ing a spot for a sacred working. She must be in the proper
state of mind to invoke the requisite magics, and among
some tribes thar might take a bit of preparation in itself.

verintttndg FAL

Many Bastet rites duplicate Garou rites in effect, ifnot
in form. Storytellers and players should work rogether to
define variations in a rite, which might be as minor or
elaborate as desired. The following rites are shared berween
Bastet and Garou: Bind the Spirit-Ferish (Rite of the Fe-
tish), Dedication Rite (Rite of Talisman Dedication), Rite
of Cleansing, Rite of Contrition, Rite of Summoning, Rite
of the Opened Bridge, and Rouse the Sleeping Spirit (Rite
of Spirit Awakening).

Syren FPeraive ~sopae

Bastet are "solitary sorts, but even they like' rté have
friends and allies they can rely upon. Jamak are the closest
of these allies, and this rite represents a mystic borid between
the two that both parties take very seriously.. The two

a iT of a

|


participants meét in a sécluded area, and recite certain
promises: to help one another when possible,.to always be
cruthful, to respect one another,.and to trust one another.
They also agree to meet once in awhile to share secrets and
enjoy one another's company. By the end of the rite, both
the Baster and the spirit feel happy and content, for the
Bond carries with ita sense of fellowship and love.

System: Standard roll. A Baster may only have one Jamak
atatime. Breaking the Bond is a very bad idea, and carries with
it-a réduction in rank cormmensurate with the strength of the
spirit in question (minor Gafflings might lower irby one, while
a major totem spirit could lower it by up to three).

Re of Cardin

This simple rite is performed around any sité of impor-
rancé, typically the borders of a Bastet's territory, or the site
ofan important gathering. The rite bars the sire agaiiist lesser
intrusions and alerts the ritermaster against greater ones.

System: By spending a Gnosis point, the ritemaster ties
herself to the place for the duration of the Warding. The
Warding continues for one hour per success unless the
riternaster either leaves the area or dismisses the guard. For
as long as it lasts, anyone who enters the area triggers a
mystic feeling of unease; the ritemaster does not know
exactly who or what the culprit is, but she knows something
isn't right. Intruders cannot enter a warded site. at all
without succeeding in a Willpower roll (difficulty 5 + the
ecaster's successes) —— the energies of the place simply drive
them away for no explicable reasori. Even spirits cannot pass
through a warded area without alerting the ritemaster.
RE Of cca P9002

To gain anew rank, the Basret miust perform this cet-
emony before his peers, spirits, or both. While it doesn't have
ro be done with others, this ritual is"often performed with
other Bastet; simply as a point of pride. To petition for anew
rank, the werecat stands in a circle prepared for the rite with
herbs and, if possible, trophies of his achievements. Speaking
the ritual phrases, he recites his deeds, relates his accomplish-
ments since attaining the last rank, and demands to. be
recognized for what he has done. If he succeeds, the others
agree and declare his new standing; if not, they tell him why
they're dissatisfied and deny his petition. These reasons can
range anywhere from a lack of progress to bad politics. The
Bastet may only perform this rite once per season.

System: In addition to the usual rite roll, the Baster
must make a good impression (either Charisrna or Manipu-
lation + either Enigmas, Etiquette, Expression, Leadership,
Occult, or Politics, depending on the werecat, his audience,
and attending circumstances). The difficulty for this roll
often depends on what the petitioner has done in the past,
and how he stands in the eyes of his jury. Unless the werecat
does something truly striking between attempts, this rite
rises in difficulty each time it's failed, then repeated. Neither
the Basret nor the spirits respect a loser.

SN nee ers en nena RE ers ee

FLL CL AD SAVERS

Bastét around the world have an incredible diversity of
fetishes and talens available ro them-.Some of the most well
known are presented here.

Level 2,Gnosis 5

Favored by the Balam, this skin, typically wrapped
around the hand in the manner ofa glove, allows the user to
neutralize all manner of poisons with but a touch. Normal
poisons (even man-made ones) require a simple touch,
while supernatural poisons (including Wyrm -toxins) .re-
quire the expenditure of a Gnosis point.

To make a Frog Skin,-one must bind a tree frog spirit
into thé skin of a tree frog. Gaia help the Baster who killsa
tree frog for this purpose, however!

Level 2, Grosis 6

‘This weapon is favored by the Qualmi, both because it'is
easy to make and because it affords them excellent protection
against both spiricual and mundane threats. It inflicts aggravated
damage against both spirits and physical creatures (including
supernatural creatures), but carries with it a special ban —- it
melts if the temperature of irs surroundings (not including the
Qualmi) ever exceeds 32 degrees Fahrenheit. Qualmi inseasonal
environments (suchas, say, the United States) often make pacts
with ice spirits, wherein the Ice Knife meles at the turn of Spring
(releasing the spirit} and the spirit recurns the following Fall ro
be bound into another incatnation of the fetish. Indeed, the
spirit in question may even be a Jamak to the Qualmi.

SLOP PS ACALE

Level 4,°Gnosis 7

Found exclusively among the Bastet' of sub-Saharan
Africa, the hakarr is the Basvet equivalent of the Garou
klaive (and is treated accordingly when it comes to. its
creation and use). It is, in essence, a silver hunga-munga,
and is notable both because it isa many-bladed monstrosity
capable inflicting terrible wounds in melee combat and for
the fact thar it can be effectively hurled to strike foes at
range. The difficulty to attack with a hakair is 6; it inflicts
Strength + 2 aggravated damage, and can be hurled up to
(Strength x 3) yards. Bagheera in. particular favor these
weapons, but they are also used to some extent by rhe Simba.
Ade if P fa

Level 5, Gnosis &

A treasured relic among the Khan, this mighty weapon
doubles the Strength of any who wield it. Furthermore, each
successful strike with the weapon allows the user tospenda
Gnosis point to create an effect exactly like that of the level
2 Shadow Lord Gift: Clap of Thunder. The Judgment
FHlammer is Quite heavy, and cannot be lifred at all until itis
activated. Even then, it cannot be wielded properly by
anyone with Strength less than 5.

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 75

— ————————— Ae ED A I,


Poet l Fear

Gnosis 5

These talens are gruesome and difficult to-make,. but
quite potent. To make a Foe's Heart, one must first engage
a foe in single combat, killing him without leaving her breed
form. Onée this is accornplished, the foe's heart is removed
and invested with a spirit of che Wyld. At amy tirne thereaf-
ter, the talen's possessor can eat the heart to fully regain all
of her Willpower.

The designation of "foe" in the talen's name is impor-
tant; a being weaker than the Bastet doesn't qualify.

Taga Ceaxt

Gnosis 6

These powerful talens appear to be normal arrows with
heads made of obsidian. Once fired from any sort of bow,
however, their magic activates, allowing them to. inflict
cerrible wounds to supernatural creatures. The Jaguar Tooth

ry

inflicts aggravated damage once it strikes, but it has a second-
ary effect as well: the act of striking the target shatters the
arrowhead, scatreting thousands of obsidian shards rhrough-
out the wound. So long as even one shard remains in the
victim, the wound cannot be healed by supernatural means.
Normal healing is not impeded. Jaguar Teeth are normally
only found among the Balam, but the Khan make use of jade-
tipped arrows which function ina similar fashion.

To create a Jaguar's Tooth, a spirit of death must be
bound into the arrowhead.

Cniktiter

Gnosis 2

‘This talen is riothing more than a vial of mercury that
is bound to a warér spiric. Each vial contains 6 applications
of quicksilver, and each application allows the user to take
one additional person with him into the Umbra, provided
he can make the journey himself (typically by means of the
Gift: Walking Berween Worlds).


E

Se ere

Corax

There's about twelve of them around the fire and maybe four
of them want to believe me. The rest are looking from one to
another like they're mentally swapping recipes for hot wings. It's
typical, really.

The leader, a big one with red fur and a dangly earring
hanging halfway down to his shoulder, stamps on the ground a
couple of times. This shuts the rest of them up. "Are you sure of
what you saw?" he asks me. He even nods twice, to make himself
look more serious.

"Of course 'mgsure," say, "There were three of them, big
as his momma-—~" Oiit.to one particularly sour-looking
specimen at the back awice as ugly. Warty skin, long
tongues, big eyes — they're kind « "

steps forward, around the fire, and ja
chest. "Hlow do we know he's telling the'tr
I step forward. "Look, you there. What

Ugly turns to me. "Walks- in-High-Places, eat

and he bares ail of them in my direction.
"Just curious, which is the point, really. I like
things. I like knowing your name, I like _knowins :

23. Capiche?"

He thinks about it. His brow furro: 1
were raised with less effort. I ignore hitn oO the leader.
; hour short of
midnight. The toads will be there. Id "yl be expecting
you." i

The crowd murmurs to itself. Th all thinking ahead to
Thursday, thinking about the fight. The leader looks around for
a second and figures out his pack' s sold. He' s not dumb. He's
polite, though, and he bows. "I thank you," he says, with grave
dignity. "What do we owe you for this gift of knowledge?"

"Nothing," I say, and get airborne. And then, like a cool
breeze, I'm gone. The fire vanishes below me as 1 catch some air,
andheadup, up and away. The sounds of the Garou arguing fade
into the distance, mixing in with the million voices of the night. I
do my best to listen to them ail.

And as I do, just one thought keeps running through my
head: Man, I love my job.

Agena

Where we came from? It's a long story. We were the
last Breed Gaia made, you know. So, after about fifteen
minutes of total chaos once all the other Breeds got let
loose, She decided to make us. Why? So we could keep an

Le

eye on everyone else for Her. You know how the littlest kid
is always the one who runs to Mom and Dad with every
lictle thing you've done wrong? That's us. And to make
sure we did it right, She gave us a few extra features, anda
few geasa that make life a real pain in the ass. You know
why we can't shut up? Gaia. She wanted to make sure we
wouldn't cover for the rest of the boojums out there, so She
gave us a compulsion to talk to anyene who'd listen. You
want to know why we can't sett], own? it's because She
put wanderlust in our veins. W/é'i uilt to go everywhere,
see everything, and then: ad the news. Information
wants to be free, but w. here in case it needs a helping
hand co get loose. _.

Mind you, back » Gaia made us, we were white, and
Vm talking p as the driven snow here. How'd we get
i, ‘that's a whole other story, having to do
> tricked the Sun into coming out of his
d y he didn't want to. Fora celestial body, Helios
ghe, but he is mighty warm, and he followeda
.too Close when we finally coaxed him outside with a
and a big heaping of bull. If you doubt me, go ask the
e'lltell you the same thing. That's why we got handed
to his service, by the way, but that's another story,
e're short on time, jumior.

Corn Today

"Wwe Corax happen to occupy a very privileged place in
the modern world. Seen the Internet? Compared to a half-
dozen Corax playing whisper-down-the-lane, it's slow as
frozen jam. Qur job, plain and simple, is to find stuff out and
then tell everyone what we saw. Doesn't matter if it was
Mommy kissing Santa Claus or'a pack of tentacled three-
eyed freaks getting ready to rumble in a chemical plant in
Jersey, we spread the word. It's what we do, and we're very
good atic. We were built to get in, see what was goingon, and
get the hell out so we could spread the word. Information's
no damn good if the messenger never makes it.

That's one of the reasons we don't fight, in case you
were wondering. Oh, we're nasty enough in a scrap, and
we've got a few tricks up oursleeves, but the sad truth is we're
not buile for it. Fight sneaky, the way we do everything else,
and you're more likely to survive.

The only other thing we like doing is playing jokes.
More often than not, we use 'em to get the point across. You
wouldn't believe how many Garou won't listen. So every so
often you need to set one of these jokers up so he's in a
position to listen to you. Then, once he's stuck wiping the
cream pie off his face, you can tell him about the chemical
sludge that's getting piped into the local aquifer.

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 77

— SE NT

|
if

other breéds, we've
Helios. The Sun
we got him-out
means we've
thank-you.
b.r i-neg
bleu ot
there.
for,

Unlike niost of the
got two bosses: Ravenand \
took an interest in us after
of the house, and that
got all sorts of Gifts as a
Some say it's because we
things into the. light
that's neither here nor
The other guy we work
big surprise, is Raven. He
gave us our spirit, our atti-
tude, and. our good looks.
Everything we are, we got
from him. So you owe it to
yourself and to him — to
obey his laws. Find stuff. Tell
people. Laugh when. you
can, because the world ain't
getting any prettier. .And
most of all fly, because, well,
because you can:

Once you figtire that out, the rest is easy.

Here's someéthing you have to béar in
mind: Once'l finish reaching you the basics,
you're on your own. We're all over the place,
you see. Every Corax for himself, and that's
the way we like ic. It's mot that we don't like
other raven-kin; hell, they're the best comtmpany
you can hope for. Every time you meet another
one, it's a chance to swap stories, compare notes,
and have one hell of a good time. AU of our Gathers end
up that way, you know. It's one of the reasons you
don't want to sit on the bottom branches.

But we're no good at forming permarient
arrangements. Put five Corax in a room and
you ll get six opinions over what ro see next.
Yow ll find gangs of Corax flying around
together, mostly youngsters, but
those groups never last long. You
get olderand you realize that you'll
cover more territory if you split
up: Besides, you don't want anyone
looking over your wing and telling you whére ro fly next,
even if they're doing it with the best of intentions.

As for specific operations, well, I can't tell you thar
because I don't know. What Il can tell you, though, is thar
we're everywhere. Off in the Umbra? We're there, andsome
of us even like ro come back. Hi-tech business? We're there,
too. Japan? Europe? The Internet? You name it, one of us has
an eye on it. That's another good reason ro talk to all the
Corax you meet, by the way. Youll want someone who'll
notice if you go missing, and with the sorts of stuff we poke

78 Players Guide fo the Changing Breeds

our beaks into, there's a good chance you'll find yourself in
a heap of trouble sooner rather than later.
SPOPP

Like any fine piece of equipment, we were put together
with a job in mind. Form follows function, and all that jazz.
So when Gaia wanted acritrer that could fly far, look sharp,
and get the word out afterwards, She didn't waste any time
with prototypes or blueprints or any of that garbage. Instead,
She built us, and She buile us right. First of all, we're light.
Everyone knows birds have hollow bones, bur when you go
birdman and Crinos out, you'll still have 'em. That's very
useful, considering we're all about flying. The trouble is,
they also get us knocked around a bit: Light bones means

a it's harder to take a punch. [Athletics rolls are -1 diffi-
>.

culty; soak rolls for bashing damage are at +2)
Since we're supposed to be spies, excuse me,
information gathering specialists, we also
have heightened senses. Now, nor
all of them are boosted —~

you can't smell when

you've got~a beak, for
one thing — but we can
see like we've got a sniper
scope in each eye.

Oh, and we're immune
to silver.-I thought chat

might get your attention.
It's one of the perks. of
being handed off from
Luna to Helios back in the
day... What? You don't
know thatone? I'll tellyou
later. Right now, we've got
the basics to cover: The
short version isthat wecan
wear all the silver toe rings
we want, but gold, the solar
metal, is verboten, at least in
any of the feathered forms. It's
part of the deal.

One of the biggest' rhings,
though, is eye drinking. You drink an ¢ye from a corpse ——
don'rc make thar face, you'll take ro it quick enough and
you see the last thing that poor schmuck saw before he died-
Only about a minute or so, but this is one of the things we
do that nobody else does betrer; hell, they don't do it at all.
You wanr some interesting information? Go for the dead
man's eyes.

There are a couple of downsides to being Corax, too,
though I prefer to think of them as "occupational chal-
lenges." For one thing, we can't shut up. Don't tell me you
noticed. It's disrespectful. For another thing, we can't help
but go looking at shiny things. If it sparkles and we see it,
we're there. Just try to mainrain a modicum of caution as you

EE Le Es TL a


come in fora landing, though, Junior: Sparklies are fomor's
favorite bait for us, so think on thar the next time you doa
power dive to scoop up .adime..lt takes real willpower
[Willpower roll, difficulry 7] to be able to look away.

Seeodr

There are two breéds of Corax, homid and corvid. That
being said, ic don't matrer none which side you come from,
"cause we don't discriminate. Like the man said, we got both
kinds of music here, country and western... Seriously,. kid,
there are a few slight differences physically, but socially,
everyone treats everyone else the same. In either case, it's
spirit more than heredity that makes the raven, if you know
what 1 mean. Each of us is made as muchas born, and youcan
have a Corax parent of either breed. That Corax, when the
urge takes her, picks out a likely candidate, usually from
among Kinfolk: Atthat point, the Corax in question does a
rite to make a spirit egg, and then that particular creation
gets hog-tied to your soul and:hidden in the Umbra. When
the spirit egg hatches, rhe new Corax gets a double dose of
soul, and there you go. lt's more complicated than that, of
course, it always is, but there's the basics fr you,

Oh, one last thing ~— there ain't no metis Cordxs You

can't tie a fetish egg to the spirit of a Corax-Corax cross: __
breed, because Raven's a slippery cuss and‘he likes us to __
spread the wealth. Bear that in mind when you're thinking |

about nesting. Ic can be heartbreaking.

* Corvid: Corvids are born ravens: They generally
undergo First Change at about 8-10 months, add live a
normal human lifespan, as opposed to-a normal bird one.
They are occasionally cliquish, talkative even by our stan-
dards (in bird or human; it doesn't matter) sand fuzzy on the
notion of property rights where shiny things ¢ are concerned.

Corvids know nothing about Computer, Law, Linguis-
tics; Medicine, Politics or Science when they start out (may
only be purchased with FreebiesPoints at Character cre-
ation), but they do know their way | around the sky (2 dots in
Flight).

Starting Gifts: Voice of the Mimic, Enemy Ways,
Word Beyond; Raven's Gleaning

© Homid: Homid Corax tend toward the twitchy loner
type. They're tall, skinny, and have long fingers, and most of
‘em have noses thar cam politely be called "sharp." They
tend to take very serious interest in stuff —— what normal
folks call obsessive
around a lor. Homids get screwed in the Flight department
(unable to take Flight except with Freebie Points at charac-
ter creation) but pretty much have the rest of che spectrum
to play with.

Starting Gifts: Voice of the Mimic,.Enemy Ways,
Morse, Word Beyond

AL Corax begin play with "Ravén's Gifts"
tional point in Subterfuge, Enigmas and Dodge, represent-
ing their bond with Raven. All Corax also begin with the
same Traits: Rage 1, Gnosis 6, Willpower 3

SSR ee se rs cca ne apa i

SPtlap

Technically, we ain't got tribes. We're generalists, built
to survive anywhere, under any circumstances. That being
said, it just doesn't make any sense to break us up into
"tribes," where one batch of us can call down Helios and
another can eat eyeballs to see what.a dead man saw, but
never the twain shall meet. Gaia wants us all to be able toda

what we have to in order to bring back the stories. And

besides, we're all such blabbermouths that none of us would
be able ro keep from spilling the beans on our Gifts or Rites
or whatever.

‘That being said, we're a global breed. We went inter-
continental back in the days when obsidian .arrowheads
were high-cech, and that means thapwe've got little subcul-
tures, if you know what I mean.,.You'll meet someone from
every little branch of the family sooner or later, but it's good
to get a little primer first, so you don't accidenrally make
more of an ass of yourself than you intended. Here are the big
breakdowns. Theré's a few dozen smaller ones our there, but
these are the Gnes you absolutely need to know so you don't
get punched in the face.

* Eeshy —— Leshy are the Corax froin Russia and that

| neckofthe woods. Most of them are bald in Homid form, not
"fo mention missing one ear, -but they make pretty birds.
_They're tricksters as bad as any of us, forest-critters who keep

to the deep woods when they can. Lots of the Leshy are
corvid— it's maybe 75% —- but the homids are pretty sharp.

Leshy are more paranoid than the rest of us put together, but

that just makes them very good ar certain types of spying
expeditions. And once they start talking, pack a lunch.
You're gonna be there a while.

© The Gulls of Battle —~ Make no mistake, kid, the

rave
fans of seagulls: They take their naire from the name the
Norse gave 'em in poetry, and if you give one lip about it
you're going to wind up flat on your can. On one hand they
have alotof respect for Hugin and Munin—Odin'stwo best
buddies,
of time onthe wing looking for stuff to schmooze about. On
the other hand, they like corpses as-‘much as any of us (and
rnaore than some). WH you want cto find a fight, follow the
Gulls: l mean, the Valkyries used to ask these guys direc-
tions. Think about it.

* Tulugag — Tulugaq is the mame the Corax of the
Pure Lands give themselves... The word itself is Inuit, but
none of che rest seem to mind, so who am Ito raise a fuss? The
Tulugaq (you pronounce it just like it's spelled, honest) are
cool customers; at least rhav's the impression they'll give you
right before you realize they've stolen. your shorts. They're
the biggest tricksters of all of us and they take the job damn
seriously, which means they're always practicing. Raven and
Coyote are tied up pretry right ina lot of Amerind myths, so
it's no surprise thac the Tulugaq hang with the Nuwisha
more than most. What is a surprise is that they're <still
speaking to one another after all the jokes they've pulled.

CAapter Two: Those Wilho Change 79

na ES TNT


It takes a while for a Tultigag té open upto outsiders, but
once you get one to trust you, they're as chatry as anyone else.

you need to spend a few weeks or months following one around
and learning the way they think. If you can pull that off —- and
a really good practical joke along with it —~ you'll be all right.

Forni

We've gor three forms, kid: Corvid, Crinos, and Homid.
Truth be told, we don't like going into Crinos much. It looks
kind of goofy, and you walk funny while you're in it.

* Homid: When we're in Homid, we tend to look like
underfed punk rockers. Black hair, black eyes, black ward-
robe, you name it. Most of us are thin and don't get good
tans. And if you want to spot a Corax ina crowd of monkeys,
look at the fingers. We tend to have ring fingers longer than
our middle ones. :

« Crinos: Crinos
we're in it, we've got fea'
walk around on two legs. W/.
fingers 8 are claws. And the fe fee ?

2 just plain looks funny. While
it,.of, and a beak, sort of, and

our wings while we're doing it. It's the conly way to stay upright.
- Corvids And Corvid form? You're looking at ir, baby-

feeder robin. By ‘the way, if you get ina fighe whe
Corvid, go for the eyes, then fly like hell. Trust
one. It's good advice.

pris SIPELLIEL
Crinos  Corvid

Str: +1 -l

Sta: +1 -

Dex: +i] +1
App: -l -

Man: +2 +3

Per: +3 +3

Le

We've got our own special Gifts, and we've also gotten
pretty good at swiping everyone else's. VU just talk about ours,
though. You're not going to hear this stuff anywhere else.

* Voice of the Mimic (Level One) —— This Gift allows
the Corax to imitate any sound or voice she has heard. Voices
and accents are all covered by the scope of the Gift, as are
machine noises,-crashes, gunfire and any other noise you can
imagine. Voice of the Mimic is taught by a mynah-spirit.

System: The Gift requires a Perception + Expression
(or Mimicry) roll, with the difficulty based on the complex-
ity of the sound.

8o0 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE En ET: LT ITY I a,

* Enemy Ways (Level One) — This is adanger'sense:
Taught by one of Grandfather Thunder's Stormcrows, En-
emy Ways is more than just a heightened (and reasonably
accurate) sense of paranoia: Instead, it provides solid infor-
mation on what immediate peril a Corax faces.

System: With a successful Perception + Stealth roll the
Corax can pick up hints as to the nature of enemies in the
area. Usually a Corax who uses this Gift successfully can
pick out the number and type of his opponents; with five or
more successes sometimes more can be learned.

* Morse (Level One) —— By merely tapping out his
message onto any hard surface and using this Gift, a Corax
can make sure that someone out there gets his message right
now — because there may not be timé for a later. This Gift
is taught by a machiné-spirit.

System: With this Gift,rh
code message on any surface
(and succeeding on.2aw

Sorax can tap out a Morse
by spending a Gnosis point
Empathy roll, cifficuley 8),

ping (Level One) ——Inessence a value
lows a Corax to look at a shiny object

tem is worth snatching. Add ‘tional s successes can give

‘the. Corax an idea of value, composition, craftsmmanship

and so on.

: Word Beyond (Level One) — When traveling
hi the Umbra, Corax often feel the need to leave
information for their fellow birds. This Gift allows a Corax
to create a recognizable sigil our of whatever's handy. A
spirit in service to Coyote teaches this Gift.

System: In the Urmbra, the Corax (by rolling Wits'+
Expression, difficulty 6) can create a marker out of available
materials for any other Corax who come by. The number of
successes indicates the complexity of the message rhat can
be encrypted into the marker, which can be decrypted by
another Corax rolling Perception + Occult (difficulty 7).

* Razor Feathers (Level Two) —— One of the Corax's
few combat-relared Gifts, Razor Feathers operates only
when the Corax. is in Crinos form. The primary effect of
Razor Feathers is to make the feathers along the edge of rhe
raven's wing hard and sharp as steel. The hardened feathers
are strong enough to parry knives or claws, and are sharp
enough to slice easily through unprotected flesh — or even
stronger materials. Razor Feathers is taught by a steel-spirit.

System: To access this Gift, the Corax spends a point
of Gnosis and rolls Sramina (difficulty 6). The number of
successes indicates the number of turns that the effect lasts.
With Razor Feathers active, the Corax can use the Wing
Swipe maneuver (pg. 165).

S|


« Sky's Benéficence (Level Two) —— Sky's Beénefi-
cence allows a Corax to drop a package of any sort onto a
target from any altitude that the bird can fly to. Any aerial
spirit can teach this Gift.

System: Sky's Beneficence' requires a. Perception +
Melee roll (difficulty 7). If this Gift is used, the Corax
automatically takes into account factors like crosswinds,
precipitation and so on, meaning that the difficulty of the
roll.is always 7.. The Corax must be able to see her target to
use this Gift.

© Eyes of the Eagle (Level Three) —— One of the few
Corax Gifts available in any form, Eyes of the Eagle allows
the wereraven's vision to pierce' fog,.smoke, cloud and
darkness. When this Gift is called upon, the ‘Corax can
suddenly see through anything short of a solid object. Eagle-
spirits teach this Gift.

System: This Gift requires the éxpenditure of a single
point of Gnosis, anda Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty
6). The effect of the Gift lasts for as many minutes as there
are successes rolled. The expenditure of a Willpower point
extends the effect from minutes to hours.

© Hummingbird Dart (Level Three) =~ Hummingbird
Dart permits a Corax to pluck one of her own feathers and
throw it like a dart. A Hummingbird spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Hummingbird Dart requires that the player
spend a point of Rage and then
roll Dexterity + Melee (diffi-
culty 5)... The chrown
feather does Dexterity +3
dice of lerhal damage.
If oa .Corax

chooses to use this Gift after calling for Razor Feathers, the
results can be vicious —~ the darnage is aggravated.

*® Mynah's Touch (Level Three) —~ This Gift allows
a Corax toknow the details of any Garou Gift of a lower level
than the Corax herself. This knowledge flees the instant
that the Corax actually usés the "borrowed" Gift, but in the
meantime an impressive body of knowledge is there for the
taking. This Gift is only taught by mynah-spirits.

System: The use of this Gift demands two points of
Gnosis, as well as a Wits + Alertness roll (difficulcy 6). If
there are atry successes, the Corax using the Gift can now
pick and choose knowledge of a single Gift from the entire
list of Garou Gifts lower in level than he is. The stolen Gift
can be used once.

* Airt Sense (Level Four) — As the spirit Charm:

* Gauntlet Runner (Level Four) — Any Wyld-spirit
can teach this Gift, which allows the Corax to lower the
Gauntlet in her vicinity. -

System: Actoll of Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 8) reduces
the Gauntlet by 1 for every two successes. The area affected

can be up to twenty feet on a side.
* Helios' Child (Level Four) —Oec-
casionally, the Sun deigns
to lend a bit of him-
™ self to aCorax in
° need. This
present


takes the form of a ball of lamibent flame that mateérializés in
the Corax' hand. This fire doesn't burn the Corax, bur
ignites anything else it touches. One of Helios' spirit-
servants teaches this Gift.

System: To summon Helios' Child, the Cérax first asks
Helios for help. Beyond rhe request, the Corax must spend
two points of Gnosis and close his eyes for a brief second
(and roll Manipulation + Subterfuge, difficulry 7)... When
the Corax opens his eyes, if the Gift has functioned properly,
a little piece of the sun will be resting in his palm.

* Gift of Eyes (Level Five) ——- With Gift of Eyes, a
Corax can pass along a vision from an eye he's drunk to any
non-Corax he chooses.. The image is transferred in all its
glory and gore, just as rhe Corax himself first saw it. Raven
or one of his spirits teaches this Gift.

System: Theexpenditure of a pair of Gnosis points and
a contested Willpower rélbagainst the intended victim are
what's needed to effect a Gift of Eyes. The Corax can
transfer any memory he's devoutedevith no disrortion or
dilution of rhe image, ever: clearer pat: the Corax's own
memory. :

© Portents (Level Five) —— ‘Tatiphe . a wind-spirit,
ts of the hear

this Gift is a look at the most important ev:
furure.

Intelligence + Enigmas (difficulty 8), the Corax can see,one
future event with clarity. Porrents must be used at the
discretion of the Storyteller.

yer
Re Ye Mp ve ED Hit Tat;

This one turns on the sun,no matter wh.
time of day it is.. Darmn useful when yo
dark, let me tell you.

System: This rite has no cost, vir
special favor ‘toward his adopred children. All that is re-
quired is the proper steps and chants, and then a Wirs +
Rituals roll (difficulty 7): The borrowed sunlight fills a
volume ZO feet on a side and lasts one hour for each success
on the Gnosis roll. The glow remains behind even after the
Corax leaves the area.

Rie of the Fatide Cag (evil Vivo hypfie)

Making a spirit ege requires sorne hefty investrnent.-The
binding is done with a feather or a human hair from the "parent"
and ensures that the egg and the kid/chick stay linked wntil such
time as he can handle getting the extras. If the binding breaks, it
devastates the poor kid —. autism is the usual response.-The
parent usually just goes into depression. It ain't pretty.

System: The Rite of rhe Ferish Ege is never undertaken
lightly. For one thing, it costs three permanent Gnosis from
the parent Corax, and that price is paid regardless of whether
the Rite succeeds or fails.

82 Players Guide fo the Changing Breeds

ia LS A

System: By spending two Gnosis points Sand rolling . /

‘The Rite of the Fetish Egg can only be performed in the
Umbra, and requires one witness of the breed opposite that
of the Corax performing the rite. Creating a Fetish Egg takes
three hours; binding it ro rhe soul for which it is intended
takes another one. If the rite is interrupted at any point
during this time, the Gnosis is lost and the rite fails.

ie of Cecoritng (ttl Jat)

This one's important. It's all about how you become you.
System: This rite can only be cast from an Anchorhead
domain, and requires the casting Corax to make a braid from
three hairs (or feathers) off her head, three pieces of copper
wire and chree pieces of ivory: The Corax ties the braid

~ around a wrist or ankle, then invokes,three words of power.

Henceforth, the Corax can fly into the Deep Umbra.

lf the braid is destroyed, the CSorax takes a health level
of damage and must make (Wits roll (difficulty 6) to return
to the Near Umbra. 3.
Rive of Aearwapty f ba? (bt Ft)
i i d forthe real screwups. We don't do itoften,
lightly,.and whoever ends up leading the rite

ard we don't doi

ends up with all of the loser's memories between her own ears.
_ Phe target ends up rewound to right after First Change,.so you
doit need to teach em not to make a mess on the carpet. And

Ufwelre really lucky; the poor sap grows up a little better this time.
|| System: This rite requires a stnall, empty wooden box,

: preferably painted with scenes from the target's life. At least

three Corax, including the one performing the rite, must
surround the target (who, hopefully, has been subdued or at
least restrained). The box is then opened anda litany of the
victim's deeds is chanted. As each event is named, the
memories of thar moment fly from the Corax into the box.
Associated memories flee as well, until such time as the
Corax" mind is emptied of evérything post-First Change.
Note that-the rite is an all ‘or nothing proposition; one
cannot use this to excise only certain memories.

The Corax performing the rire must then seal and crush
the box, at which point all of the memories contained enter
his mind. This is not a burden tobe undertaken lightly.

This rite costs a point each of Gnosis, Willpower and
Rage, and lasts as long as it takes to-sing all of the deeds of
the victim. The rite also calls for a contested Willpower roll
berween the Corax casting the rite and the target, chough
each additional Corax present lowers the ritemastet's diffi-
culty by 1,.to a minimum of 3.

‘This rite can only be used on other Corax.

SFEPEOLY LLL

Sammy Evyes*On-The-Sewer shares the straight strff:

Ananasi: Spiders don't think or talk in straight lines,
and ‘that's something -you've got to keep in.mind. If an
Ananasi ever asks you, straight up, for anything, you know
the crap is about co hit the fan. Keep your eyes open, and
your ears too, when you're dealing with spiders.. They're
much more comfortable talking to things they've caught.


|

Bastet: There's only one way a cat likes to see a bird,
and thac's as dinner. It makes ic hard ro have a lengrhy
conversation, all things considered. On top of that, most of
the Bastet. are schnorrers —~ they'll try to take you for
everything you've got without giving you boo in return. Play
to their vanity; it's your only hope.

But remnember, the basrards can climb trees.

Gurahl: The great thing about the Gurahl is that they,
unlike everyone else in our litrle family, don't think they
know it all. That means they like to listen; and they're good
at it. And if you tell them enough interesting scuff, they' ll
tell you something right back ——- something about their
notion of fair play.

Garou: You ever hear about one of those court cases
where a kid is accused of killing his mother, and his -dad's
standing there inthe background looking like he just got hit
on the back of the head With.a shovel. He loves the kid, bur
warits his liver on a plate. Well, that's how I feel about the
Garou. Gaia must love 'em be@alise She-made so many
different types of 'em, afterall, and they've.done as much as
anyone to try to knock the universe backoff track.

That being said, any Garou's oné bad day away from pure

savagery. They, more then any of the other Breeds, have a. oi
long and bloody history with the word "genocide" plastered |
all over ic. We don't forget that. We can't forget that, Pocsuse oe

we need to remind the Garou of it every so often.

I mean, yeah, they can bé good friends: Good Béepie,
even, and good to have at your back in a fight. Burpick the
ones you trust carefully; and watch your back around the
ones youdon'r. Tell 'em what they need to know, bur never
expect them to say "thank you." And halfthe time you're
going to have to trick them into doing what they need to,

Se ie a ranean ena annie es ee

js

and then listen to them brag about how it was their idea all
along. But they're the best we've got, kid, so grin and bear it.

Mokolé: Mokolé are slow. They think -long,.slow
thoughts, they tell long,slow stories, and they make up their
minds about as fast as cold molasses decides to come down-

us bird types and them lizard types are distant cousins, and
that buys us a little respecr. They've got old secrets tucked
away in their lizard brains, burit takes a longtime totalk'em
into sharing anything with you.

INagah: I can't even prove these guys exist, so all I've got
for you is hearsay: I hear that they're close-mouthed, suspi-
cious, and solitary. | hear that they're honorable, and they'll
trade you fact for fact. And I hear that finding them is damn
near impossible, which is why sO amany of our folk like
chasing the damn rumors. ,

Nuwisha: Olid Man: Esyote and his kin are the only
ones out there who cai match us joke for joke. They're not
the most accurate Sources of information, but they' re great

a oe reason for you to be out to get them. Ratkin
are dirty, and I'm not talking hygiene here. They're doing
in those tunnels you wouldn't believe. So keep an eye
out for them, and don't hesitate to take one down if neces-
ry. Just never fight them on their own turf. You'll lose.

Rokea: Rokea are all about appetite: They don't really
give arat's ass about all the politicking that's going on up on
land, except where it directly affects them. Remember that,
and bring plenty of food, and you'll deal with them just fine.
Forget it, and you'll end up as lunch.

"ok, flree byet five seats it fling ~~ fle force te fay ead aria fliae dodadl roca flap SD terre. Lf

ger don? balleve tre, Platt fone, fut POD coree c peptide FO tie pele

YO Kaka inf atte foe JONMOTE.

Chapter Two: Those Whos Change 83

> SY NS


The hunters leaned over the body of théir kill, a young black
bear they had found wandering in the deep woods.

"Clean shot," the tall one said to his wiry partner. "He'll
rnake a good 'un for mounting."

His companion nodded. "I can't even seé where the_bulle
holes are.
ruffling the coarse bear-fur as he searched forthe wor
he pulled back, his eyes wide with sorfething akin to.

‘eer, I éarn't find no holes," he

7

gone} :
The tall hunter bent over the be

valine on the horrendous shape of aman- -bear
height of the taller of the men.

With aroar that echoed through the foe
with his massive baw, taking the gun and part

that they would die in the next fase seconds. The bea oo

blow took the tall man full in the face, snapping his neck and

obliterating his features. Then he turned to the wiry man, frozen.

" He bent over closer to search the body,-his stubby finger: :

waamn cum

Great Tapestry of existence, in which everything had a
place and a designared time ro occupy thar place.

The details differ'from Breed to Breed, bur the story
remains the same. The Tapestry Maker trapped the Patrern

Breaker in a web of threads, driving the Pattern Breaker to
_piadness and destruction, throwing the Tapestry off kilter,
an vente from which it has never recovered.

sxt created Her Changing thildrén to accom-
tasks.<(The Gurahl, She made to serve as Her
ig, Her againsr the madness of the Pat-
tern Breaker. Whe ie. destruction grew too widespread for
Gurahl alone to handle, they petitioned Gaia for help.

"Thus, She made the Garou.

BGr Some titne the Gurahl treated the Garou as litrle

: brothers and sisters, teaching them many Gifts. The werebears

lumans, as well, showing them how to/plant crops to
d.supply..In return, they asked thar
x, bears.

ve grew jealous of the many Gifts
rey would not teach the wolves.
lerstand the Gurahl's devotion to their human
arou included therm in their Impergium,
A the distress of the Gurahl. The biggest rift berween

in place, alook of disbelief and horror etched on his face. With: one

powerful embrace, the bear crushed the hunter's spine: -/

In the forest, allwas quiet. Twomen lay broken andinauled
on the ground where there had once been a bear corpse. Slowly
the bear diminished in size,-his features becoming more and more
human until he looked like a muscular man dressed in hiking gear;
asingle bear tooth worn around his neck, his shoulder-length hair
tied in the back with a leather thong.

Jonathan Farwalker studied the hunters: He had a little
cleanup to do before he left the clearing. He wouldn't wart word
to spread of another bear-attack, after all. But he felt a deep
satisfaction within him at anecessary job well done. "You'lnever
kill another bear, and that's Gaia's truth," he said.
"eager

Some Gurahl claim to be che first of Gaia's Changing
children, but others simply say that in the time when Gaia
made the children of Her heart, She created the Gurahl to be
Her protectors and nurturers. The story has many versions,
depending on which tribe of Bear's children tells the rale.

ALL agree, however, thar first Gaia created Her three
eldest children -—- the Yarn Spinner, the Tapestry Maker
and the Parrern' Breaker, called by others the Wyld,. the
Weaver and the Wyrm.-Together-the three created the

84 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE Le TS LT ET A

hts deiiand. led to the First Great Council. The elders, in
their wisdom, « déd. mot to share the secret of restoring life
with any other Changing Bréed, particularly to the warlike and
razor-edged Garou. They realized that Wolfs Children would
want to bring back every warrior slain: in battle in order to
continue the fight against the Partern Breaker and that this
desire went against the cycle of life and death.

When the Garou found out that the Gurahl would nor
teach them our most closely guarded Gift, they spread the
word to the other Fera that the werebears were hoarding
Gaia's gifts. Somehow, rumors started that the Gurahl had
turned ro the Wyrm. When the Time of the Great Ice began,
the Garou called it proof that the Gurahl had fallen. Some
of the werebears, as well as some of the Garou tribes that did
not believe the rumors, crossed the ice bridge intro the Pure
Lands. There they managed tolive amicably with each other
and with rhe hurnan tribes that became their new Kinfolk.

When the War of Rage finally broke out, it affected
those living in the massive Eurasian continent more than it
did those in the Pure Lands, though even thar land felt the
scourge of the conflict: During thar War, the Gurahl gave
way to their Rage and fought long' and hard against the
Garou and any others who tried to destroy ther. But the


Sane naennee wens enmerenancens eee een ts

Garou were used to fighting in packs and could eventually take down even the fiercest Gurahl. Many of us died and whole
tribes of Gurahl were obliterated. Those who were captured were tortured to force them to give up the Gift of rebirth. Not
one did so.

When the Gurahl saw that the Garou were bent on becoming the only Changing Breed, they withdrew from the world
in order to save their Breed. Some ancient ones left their bodies and moved into the Umbra, seeking the Summer Lands.
Ochers wernt to their Limbral Glades and fell into'a deep sleep. The Garou believed they were all gone.-Finally, the War of
Rage ended.

The centuries went on without the Gurahl. Only the Great Grandfather or Great Grandmother ~—S
remained awake to monitor the changes in the world..Gurahl.Kinfolk diminished greatly in the
absence of the werebears: Finally, with the coming of the Europeans to the Pure Lands, the
Gurahl awoke in force. They had nor yer emerged when the Croaran tribe of the Garou
sacrificed itself to rid the continent of the Eater of Souls. When the Storm Eater emerged in
the Umbra, the Gurahl appeared and offered their services to the Garou to help fight
it, a face that the Garou are reluctant to admit.

Vie Crraly Jouay

‘Today, the Gurahl fight a desperate battle to increase their forces before the
Final Battles begin. The Children of Bear know that their talents for healing
and cleansing will become vital in those last days. Even more, they realize
that their often-suppressed skills as warriors and defenders will become more
and more important in the days ro come.And so the Gurahl hone their
martial skills and remember that they, too, were born to Rage: When they
consider'the destruction that has been done to Gaia's lands -and Her
creatures, including the bear population, giving way to Rage does not seem
that hard.

CPP AI OBELO NS.

Arcas *(ARE-kus): The stage of a Gurahl's life governed by the New
Moon.

Arthren (ARE-thrun): The neat-human form of the Gurahl.

Bhernocht (BEAR-noct): A state of near-despair and sorrow expérienced by
some Curahl.

Bjornen (Bee-YORE-nen): The cave-bear 6r near-bear fortn of the Gurahl.

Buri-Jaan (BOO-ree-ZHAWN): A Gurahl mentor; the period of a Gurahl's time
as a student.

Gallivant: The first part of a Gurahl's life; a period of wandering and discovery.

Hibernation: The deep sleep of sore Gurahl,. attained by a Gift or rite; which
resernbles the winter slumber of normal bears.

Kieh. (KEE-yuh): The stage of a Gurahl's life governed by the Crescent Moon.

Kojubat (KOY-yu-baht): The stage ofa Gurahl's life governed by rhe Gibbous Moon:

Kovi (KO-wee): A Rank One Gurahl.

Mangi (MAN-GEE): The aspect of Beart corresponding to the Dearth Bear.

Pattern Breaker: The Wyrm.

Rishi (REE-SHEE): The stage of a Gurahl's life governed by the Half-Moon.

‘Tapestry Maker: The Weaver.

Ursa Major: The aspect of Bear corresponding to the Great She-Bear.

Ursa Minor: The aspect of Bear corresponding to the Litrle Bear or First‘Cub.

Ursus: A Gurahl born from toa bear parent; the bear-form of the Gurahl.

Uzmati: The stage of a Gurahl's life governed by the Full Moon.

Yarn Spinner: The Wyld.

egartavicorn

Gurahl have no formal organization, such as a pack, preferring to'dwell apa: fr
another. This is not for lack of sociabiliry, bur the Gurahl exist in such small n

CAapter Two: Those Who Change

"SAA

they usually live and travel alone (or with a student -or
mentor) in order to cover as much of Gaia's lands as possible
and to minimize the chances of a concerted attack destroy-
ing most or all of the Breed.

Some Gurahl do travel in groups. In areas where the
Wyrm 's forces are numerous, several Uzmati band together
for mutual assistance. Gurahl who sperid time studying some-
times travel with others to learn their tales and increase their
knowledge. Elder Gurahi sometimes travel with younger ones
for support and protection. One tribe of werebear, the Ice
Stalkers, habitually gathers in small units similar to packs.

Soon after a-Gurahl's Firse (Change she receives a

mystical "call" from another Gurahl, who senses the,transic: |
tion of an individual from a seemingly "nerriial" human to __
one of the Children of Bear. The new Gurahl experiences |
who
becomes the fledgling's "Buri-Jaan," o teacher. ‘Together,

dreams and visions that lead Wét to the summoner

teacher and pupilembark ona yearl 1B journey Of travel and
experience. The young Gurahl i

nature, ask questions and enjoy the natural beauty she must

later prorect..OQccasionally, the Gallivant takes "an addi- |
tional year, particularly if the cub must eventually perform

some important task for Gaia or the Gurahl.

Many CGurahl, after they have spent afew, years in dhe :
pursuit of their duties, feel the need to becéme. a Buricjaanand_

give to a young Gurahl the same kind of attention, and
teaching that she received during he rinative period asa
werebear. This experience not only fills ry purpose
of passing along the knowledge and history of the Breed torche

new generations, it also allows the Buri-Jaan to recover some

of the wonder of youth, particularly if the Buri-Jaan has. spent
time fighting the W/yrm's forces. When necessary, a Buri-Jaan

will accept two students in areas where Gurahl are'sa few iD

number that teachers are hard to find.

Because ‘of their solitary wanderings, Gurahl ook for

ward to rhe times when they do gather together. W/erebears
have several levels of gatherings, depending on the circurn-
stances. These range from chance get-togethers to formal-
ized meetings.

* Fests: When two of more Gurahl meet one another
in their wanderings, they sometimes take advantage of the
situation to hold a fest. Such spontaneous meetings may
simply involve exchanging news and sharing artwork or
crafts or they may involve commemorating some occasion
such as the salmon run. When several Gurahl hold a fest,
they often turn the occasion into a mini-fair, celebrating the
meeting with feasting, song and stories.

* Regalias: Each year, at the beginning of spring,each
Gurahl tribe hosts a tribal meeting, or regalia, to bring
together as many members of the tribe as possible and to
discuss matters of tribal import. Usually held in some isolated
spot as far frorm intrusions by outsiders or attack from enemies
as possible, regalias combine formal ceremonies with debates
and information exchanges about local concerns, environ-
mental and otherwise. Often the highlight of these gatherings
is a performance of the Dance of Creation. Though displays

86 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

of artwork and other handcrafts are generally nét part of a
regalia, Gurahl often exchange gifts among friends and trade
homemade goods and adornments with one another. Despite
the serious overtones, regalias celebrate tribal unity and the
creative and nurturing spirit central ro the Gurahl.

* Powwows: During the sammer, the Gurahl partici-
paté in intertribal gatherings, called powwows, which last
for a few days. Gurahl from different tribes gather together
to share information, display their artwork or crafts and
strengthen the ties among the tribes. Most Gurahl only
attend a few of these gatherings a year, but all Gurahl try to
participate in at least one..No werebear can afford to take

too much time off from the work of guarding her protected

lands: INew Gurahl get a chance to introduce themselves to

: others of their Breed and learn more about what it means to

Gurahl No dancing occurs during the powwows, how-

| ever, since only at rhe Council of Autumn do the Gurahl
: dance before rhembers of tribes other than theit own.

Council of Autumn (The Great Council): By far the

most elaborate and serious gathering is the Council of Au-
cumin, held during the fall of the year. Not all Gurahl attend,
boc inany feel this council is the most important meeting of
the year. Unlike the less formal powwows, regalia and fests,
rites and ceremonies govern the Council of Autumn. ALL
attendees undergo aeritual cleansing before they attend and
2 each tribe approa hes the Council site from the direction

associated ce Stalkers from the north, Forest Keepers
from the east, Rive Keepers from the south and Mountain
Gtiardians fom the west. The Grear Council, composed of
elders &6m all four tribes, uses this meeting to rule on matters

chae affect the Gurahl as a whole, hear any grievances and
welcome new cubs. The new cubs from all the tribes perform
the ane tent Dance of the Centuries, an event that marks the

@ ta which all the tribes dance together.

Each nighwadifferent tribe hosts a feast for the gather
ing; during the day, the Council meets, making decisions by
consensus and giving dissefiters one year to come up witha
alternative.. Those attendees who are not on the Council
either listen to the elders' discussions or else occupy them-
selves during the day by cooking for the coming feast,
working on their particular arts or crafts, sharing stories and
engaging in their own discussions.

* Meeting the Great One: The rarest meeting occurs
in-times of dire need, when one of the four current Ancient
Ones decides some disaster looms over the Gurahl. This
venerable werebear sends out a.mystical summons that
draws all Gurahl, including those in hibernation, to a site
where they can unite to defend their Breed or some part of
Gaia's creation.

Tbe Code of Sata
Cherish the Cubs
Protect the Land
Heal the Sick
Nurture the Needy
Teach the Supplicant

|


Breed Wisely

Cleanse the Tainted
Guard the Secrets

Rights of the Elder
Remember Your History
Punish the Guilty
Avenge Wrorigful Slaying

SPALL

Gurahl share many Traits in common with the Garou;
inéluding their reactions to silver and their ability to invoke

the Delirium in .Crinos form: Differences are explained y

below.

Gurahl use Gnosis in the same fashion as s Garou do

the Rite of Reslenishenent (ee belc
provide a regular source of fresh Gno:
who have access to one.

AL Gurahl begin play with a Willpower of &
age nd Frvpey

Though Gurahl employ Rage less frequently than: Garo'
when they do so, they exhibit an anger and intensity equ

to that of the most belligerent Garou. Rathetthan increase _
their speed in partle, Gurahl use Rage to enhance their.

spending one e point of Rave per dot. She ray do hi
form, but her total Strength can never exceed | cw.
Strength in her human form. :

A Gurahl may also increase her Stamina up to twice

that of her current form through spending Rage on a' one.)

for-one basis. Gurahl may combine increases in both Strength
and Stamina by dividing up her expended Ragé "points
between the two Attributes according to the-limitations
described above. Such increases in Strength and Stamina
last for one turn.

Gurahl may "use Ragé to gain additional health levels,
though any levels gained do not heal prior damage. For ex-
ample, a Hurt Gurahl may spend two points of Rage to gain an
additional two "Flurt" levels before she becomes "Wounded."
Ifa Gurahl does this before engaging in barrle, rhe levels gained
count as additional "Bruised" levels. This effect lasts for ascene
or until they are lost through taking damage.

Because -they can channel ‘their Rage iti combat in
several ways, Gurahl retain a more deliberace attitude in the
midst of Rage (though they are srill deadly}. Werebears
regain spent Rage more slowly than Garou, however, since
they must work harder to get angry. Direct threats to lands
or protected creatures restore a Gurahl's Rage; angry words
or rebuffs do not.

Gurahl must score five or more successes on a Rage roll
(difficulty 8) in order to succumb to frenzy. A frenzied

SN see ees en ee cen Pe Ss ee

Gurahl never flees, but instead stands and fights, refusirig to
retreat no matrer what the circumstances, sometimes even
charging their enemies. A: Gurahl may spend a point of
Willpower to offset the frenzy, though she may only move or
speak during the same turn in which she does so.

To fall prey to "Wyrm frenzy," a Gurahl must havea Rage
of 6 or higher and must achieve a multiple borch on her Rage
roll. In this unhappy event, no Willpower expenditure can
stave off che effects of the Beast-of-War or the Eater-of-Souls.

MB atrRL Of fli Cota:
Aidtwniagesr apd Cifiser ctl i

Gurahl receives several eenntases from Bear that help
them fulfill their purpose. To balance these enhancements,
: however/Gu ahl have an equal number of relevant clisad-
vantages that also stern from being Bear's children.

"- Adamant Wal: Gurahl gain one automatic succéss in
any @pposed Willpower rall involving their need to protect
nd defend. Attempts, by vampires or other supernatural
creatures to affeét che ttiind or will or to possess the body of
a Gurahl are made at +2 difficulty. In most other cases where
Gurabll engage in a contest of wills over their dury to Gaia,
ey receive a boost to their roll (or their opponent suffers
a penalty, a at the Sroryteller's discretion).
: © Intractab atye.A Gurahl's will isyin fact, so strong that
"getting a werebear to change her mind is nigh impossible once
she has decided Ob a course of action. When faced with
) on toa decis mn, a Gurahl must achieve three suc-
a (difi culty 8) ona Willpower roll to change her mind.
Keen Smell: In. all but the Homid form, a Gurahl's

sense of smell is highly developed. Perception rolls involv-

‘ing odors are made at a —2 difficulty (excepr when the
Gurablis in Homid form). This sensory acuteness includes
eoabling the Gurahl to identify individuals by their perfume
or natural body seent as well as sniffing out taint or toxins in
food or water and performing other tasks involving smell.

* Poor Eyesight: While in Homid form, Gurahl have
normal eyesight (subjecr ro individual variations), in every
other form, werebears have relatively poor vision. They are
not blind, bur they do nor rely primarily on their sight and
tend nor to notice visual cues as rapidly as other Breeds.
Perception tolls based on sight alone are made at a +2
difficulty unless the Gurahl is in Homid form:

* Biorhythmic Control: All werebears: may make
slight alrerations in their body's internal metabolism, such
as raising or lowering their temperature a few degrees or
speeding up or slowing down their pulse rate by a few beats.
With practice, they may increase their ability co alter their
internal processes.

« Seasonal Lethargy: A Gurahl's body is also attuned
to seasonal changes. In wintertime, most werebears grow
sluggish and experience a psychological need to tuck them-
selves in for the winter. Though Gurahl do not have to
hibernaté every winter, they do become more lethargic
during the winter months.. This manifests in small ways,

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 87

iN


such as habitual lateness. Gurahl Subtract two from their
initiative score during the winter.

PEP ROLLS

A Gurahl who willingly (i.e) not under duress) fails in
his duties or abandons his responsibilities for a trivial course
of action suffers a one-point loss of W/illpower and loses the
advantages gained from.Adamant. Will... His Willpower
decreases by one point per day (not excluding deliberate
expenditures of Willpower) until he resumes his responsi-
bilities or returns to his duties, wherher that involves pro-
tecting a person or area or accomplishing some appoinred
task. If the Gurahl's Willpower reaches zeto before he has
stopped the process, he enters Bhernocht

Similar to.a Garou who has fallen
Gurahli in Bhernocht experien,
becoming fixated on his own
unwilling to do anything abou
some way to overcome this state
the assistance of others; he eventt
hibernation and can only be awak
force or by the Gift: Weaken. If awakened, he must st
away out of Bhernocht. This process should invol:
playing rather than dice rolls.

Backgrotral cara bales

Gurahl have the'same Backgroy
Garou with the following differenc
ground represents fewer individuals fo
All Gurahl begin with at least one do
may not begin play with the Resources Bac
tend not to have the Subrerfuge Abiliry and U
have the same starting restrictions as lupus Garo
may also purchase the Biorhythms Talent and the D
Realm Background (which they refer to as Umbral G
——- see Chapter Three.

Kinfolk

bd 2 Kinfolk
eo 4 Kinfolk
wee 6 Kinfolk
ooee 10 Kinfolk

eeese 15 Kinfolk
Asraenl

Gurahl have only two. breeds —- homid and ‘ursine.
Because werebears choose their mates carefully through the
use of a special ritual, metis Gurahl are unknown. Gurahl
consider this a special boon from Gaia as a result of their
generally solitary lifestyle. A deformed or otherwise flawed
Gurahl would seldom survive the rigors of wilderness life on
her own. Should two Gurahl willfully or unknowingly mate,
the union resules in no pregnancy or else a stillbirth.

* Homid —— In recent times, Gutahl born from humans
have made a comeback, though they are still sparse in
number. Many human-born Gurahl grow up in tribal soci-
eties and acquire the values of a tribal people. They tend ro

8s Players Guide fo the CHARGING Breeds

OLE Ln Cs LT A ET A

respect the natural world and sore are extremély unfamiliar
with modern culture and technology. Other Gurahl grow up
in- urban situations and feel comfortable with high-tech
gadgets, cars, computers and the like. To make up for past
losses in Kinfolk, Gurahli have tried to select new groups of
humans as Kinfolk, choosing mates from among. those
involved in medical careers or wilderness living.

Beginning Rage: 3

Beginning Gnosis: 4

Starting Gifts: Persuasion, Ursa's Light

© Ursine ——- Though the ratio is slowly changing, most
Gurahl active in the modern world come frotn bear-parents,
born and bred in hiding in the years after the War of Rage.
ears are endangered, ‘though, ursine Gurahl are
Bear-born Gurahl grow up within protected
ricted wilderness areas and national parks,

.in that form Gut of curiosity about human affairs,
ing as much as théir human born cousins (though

spices that cottespond roughly to
ins ofhaving one "birth" auspice that
vidual throughout his lifetime, Gurahl mi-

aceful times, a Gurahl would take an entire lifetime
nce all five auspices. Inthe last days, however, many
bh through all the auspices in a few years, finally
: e most suitable to their temperament or
heir.location asa long-term auspice.

A Gurahl who enters a particular auspice may learn Gifts
peculiar to that auspice. When he passes to the next phase, his
potential for learning Gifts expands to include his new
auspice though he may still learn Gifts from past auspices. A
Kieh may pick up a heretofore unlearned Arcas,. Uzmati or
Kojubat Gift to round out her knowledge, though learning
too many Gifts outside one's current auspice is sometimes
seen as evidence of poor judgment and a possible cause for loss
of Vfisdom Renown for dependence on hindsight.

° Arcas: the New Moon -—— This auspice governs a
Gurahl from her First (Change through her Gallivant and
the time with her Buri-Jaan,-ending when she experiences
her first full battle after leaving her mentor. This auspice
resernbles the Ragabash Garou.

*° Uzmati: the Full Moon —~ This auspice governs a
Gurahl's solitary travels and introduces him to his place as
a warrior of Gaia. Uzmati Gurahl feel che music of battle in
their spirit, preparing them to fight off any threats to their
protected lands or creatures. Gurahl in areas where they


must continually fight the Wyrm's minions sometimes re-
main in this auspice for several years, while others remain in
this stage of their lives only briefly. At some point, usually
after taking a mate or feeling the need for a more settled life,
they progress to the next auspice.

* Kojubat: the Gibbous Moon —— This auspice guides
Gurahl through a period of remembering and learning. In this
phase, which corresponds to the Garou's Galliard auspice,
Gurahl study the lore of the werebear, including history, songs
anc stories. Most Gurahl begin their Lifework during this phase
of their lives, if they have not already done so. Kojubat Gurahl

receive great respect from other Gurahl because they embody |

the knowledge imparted to the Breed by Gaia Herself,

* Kieh: the Crescent Moon —~ Afterléa
reflection and a turning inward, hallivarks
version of the Theurge auspic,
mysticism and Gurahl in thi:
and performing rites and ex
Gifts. Many Kieh become Buri-Ja

* Rishi: The Half Moon — This phase of the mo
the last in the Gurahl's natural progression. Rishi Ciu
have usually built up a font of knowledge and experienc:
other werebears look to them for guidance. Rishi

AlL Gurahl have Bear'as their tote
acknowledges one of Bear's three faces

Arcas, the First Cub or Ursa Minor, is the discave
questioner, and is most often the patron of Arcas
Mangi,. the Death Bear, is the warrior and mystic, draw
both Uemati and Kieh ro him.

Sfillap

The Gurahl havé four major tribes that encOmpass the
majority of bears in the world. A few smaller groups exist in
limited numbers in other parts of the world. The Okuma, the
werebears of Japan and lower Asia, were entirely annihi-
lated during the Eastern lands' War of Share.

erat LUT

Background: One of the earliest Gurahl to inhabit the
Pure' Lands, the Forest Walkers migrated across the North
American continent, settling mainly in the éastern and south-
em woodlands. Some fought and died along with the Croatan
in the fight to defeat the Eater of Souls. Orhers had Kinfolk
among the American Indian tribes driven westward along the
Trail of Tears, though some hid with their Kinfolk and re-
mained in the eastern forests. Still others withdrew from the
world as the Europeans ravaged the wilderness of the continent,
some remained. When those who left for the Limbra returned
in the late 2Och century, they found a land bereft of Kinfolk.

—

The Forest Walkers now work to increase their niimbers and
preserve the lore of their Kinfolk as well as their own.

Home Territories: Though they range across the
breadth of the North American continent and even into
Mexico; Forest Walkers are most plentiful in the wood-
lands of the eastérn United States; many stay im protected
habitats such as national parks and wilderness preserves.
They have also made inroads into the South American
rainforests and African jungle in search of new Kinfolk.
Now and then they attempt to cross into Asia, butso far
have met with little acceptance.

Culture and Kinfolk: Bear Kinfolk consist mainly of

eblack bears with a smattering of other bear types. A few have

red wit the © spectacled bears of South America. Homid

have expanded to include Hispanics,
and éven some Europeans.

tion: Forest Walkers tend to form
al support. _They regularly. attend

with one @ another.
searance: Lirsine Forest Walkers usually 3 resemble

ce Stalkers become -silent' when
nyone ugeest Ss chit the Gurahl brought about the Ice Age,
ading some to believe that they may have summoned the
cleanse the lands of Wyrm taint. They maintain a
miterest in polar bears as well as the native peoples of
Alaska and Northern Canada, watching the Wendigo Garou

"carefully andystaying out of their way. The coming of the

exploiters ofthe northern icelands has hurt both the human
and polar bear populatiéits,; and now the Ice Stalkers labor
furiously to protect what remaiiis of their lands and peoples,
especially now that the polar lands are warming.

Home Territories: Ice Stalkers inhabit Alaska; north-
ern Canada; Russia and the circumpolar regions in general.
Some Have moved further south in Canada. and into
Seandinavia in search of potential Kinfolk.

Culture and Kinfolk: Most bear Kinfolkare polar bears
(with the occasional brown or grizzly bear appearing). Hu-
mar-born Kinfolk come from the native Aleur and Inuit
peoples as well as orher northern folk with an occasional
foray into other ethnicities. By far, most come from polar
bear stock rather than humans. Highly inquisitive, impul-
sive and curious, the Stalkers also have a keen sénse of
humor and playfulness, even though they can be fierce in
defense of their lands or Kinfolk. They cultivate art zeal-
ously, excelling in crafting jewelry and other iterms from the
bones and hide of animals they kill for food and sculpting the
ice into intricate shapes.

Chapter Tro: Those Who Change 8o

LL LS LY ENT


"Tribal Organization: Gregarious by nature, Ice Stalk-
érs congregate in semi-permanent "family groups." Buri-
Jaan and cub often remain together for two or three years.
They attend and hold more powwows-and fests than any
other tribe.

Appearance? Most Stalkers come from polarbear srock
and resemble their bear-parent. in human form. Homid
Stalkers resemble their human parent, whether Aleut, Inuit,
Scandinavian or other ethnic rype.

MBs fcihes COPIES

Background: The Mountain Guardians arose after the
Gurahl crossed into the Pure Lands. They learned to coexist
with the Wendigo,. Ukrena and even the,ldecal Bastec,
becoming shamans for the native northern. tribes and some-
crimes living openly with the, Atierican L dians of the

hears had almost become extinct. Their return to Hen the
Soul Eater signaled their re-entry into the world. Today the:
fight to preserve their existing grizzly bear Kinfoll '
prepare themselves to stand with the Garou on the

lines of the Last Battles. Se :

preserves, par ticularly i in. ‘the Rockies of >
Canada. Some travel to other parts of the ¢ co! cinent to. > make
contact with other Gurahl. : :

Culture and Kiofolk: Primarily coming hom the Arn
can Indians of western North America
recently expanded their human Kinfolk base to include
Hispanic, Asian and African-Americans as well as a few

European ethnic types.-The endangered grizzly bearsform:

their primary ursine breeding stock, though they have been
forced toseek Kinfolk among polarand even spectacled bears.
The most competitive of the Gurahl, thé Guardians' culture
revolves around challenges and competitions, emphasizing
ritual combat more than any other Gurahl tribe.

‘Tribal Organization: The Guardians rend raward soli-
tary travel, coming together at powwows and gatherings.
They value independence, self-sufficiency and privacy.

Appeararice: Human-born Guardians exhibir che ap-
pearance of their human ethnic heritage, rhough they tend
toward the high end in both height and musculature. Most
ursine Guardians resemble grizzly bears (or rheir bear-parent).

Aer REELED

Background: River Keepers once dwelt along all che
major rivers of the world, including the Nile, Amazon,
Mississippi and other large waterways, serving as shamans and
weatherworkers to the native populations. During the War of
Rage, most River Keepers died, and their lands in the Amazon
and Nile were left to the native Bastet. The survivors went
into hiding or hibernation; coming out oly when there was

90 Players Guide to the CHARGING Breeds

OLE A Ts ET A I A

, the Guardians have

an impelling neéd. In North America; the River Keepérs
remained active longer, assisting the Garou of the Pure Lands
in their fight against the Wyrm, though they kept a low
profile. The coming of the Storm Eater brought them out in
force, where they saw the near disappearance of the brown
bear. Today they work to bolster rhe existing bear population
wherever they can. They work to maintain their ties with the
river, knowing that it might present the armies of Gaia with
some unexpected help against the Wyrm inthe Final Battles.

Home Territories: Once common to all riverlands, the
Keepers now stay mostly in the more remote rivers: of
Alaska, Russia and the Pacific Northwest, though a few
have sought out the rivers of other parts of the world tomake

_theirhomes.

| ~Cultufeand Kinfolk: Human Kinfolk of the Keepers are
pe haps the most:diverse, crossing many ethnic and cultural
backgrounds. Man are well versed in modern society, while
others rerain 6trong cribal ties. Human-born Keepers re-

o semblé their human parent. Ursine Keepers come primarily

from brown bear'stock But have diversified to include the
sloth bear of India, che Himalayan or moon bear, the Malayan
ni bear and South America's spectacled bear. Much of the

Keepers' culcure revolves around the giving and receiving of
gilts, w! ether, material items such as » food or artwork or less

rion, though they o to meet informally to exchange

| information and gifts. They have at least one large gathering

a year Though they usually travel alone, they sometimes
we re insmall groups:

: ] ppearance: Homid River Keepers have the same
pher otype as their human parent and exhibit the most
variations amovig.the Gurahl..Ursine Keepers resemble
their bear parent.

Forres

Gurahl possess five forms, similar to those of the Garou.
Wrerebears change forms in the same fashion.as Garou,
though they are less likely to change insrancaneously except
under extreme circumstarices.

* Homid: Gurahl in human form are indistinguishable
from normal humans, though many tend to be above aver-
age in height and musculature. Werebears with human
parents resemble their ethnic physiotype. Gurahl with a
bear parent retain the general pigmentation of their bear-
form, which is quite varied and offers almost the same
spectrum as human skin and hair color. A Gurahl's voice has
a rich timbre; they tend to speak slowly and thoughtfully.

* Arthren: The "near-man" form of the Gurahl re-
sernbles the srereorypical wild man of the mountains. Arthren
Gurahl gain both height and weight, approaching the hu-
man extreme for both. This form does not invoke the
Delirium but. does tend co intimidate or awe most normal-


sized humans. Their voices are often gutrural and harsh, but
they speak normally.

* Crinos: The Gurahl's "fighting" form inspires night-
mares in humans (invoking the Delirium). Reaching some-
where between 10 and 16 feet.in height, the Crinos Gurahl
may weigh up to a ton... The face becomes bearlike,.non-
retractable claws extend to nine inches. on both fore. and
hind paws. The Gurahl's fur takes on a denser texture,
providing natural armor to absorb damage: These Gurahl
can speak only in harsh monosyllables.

* Bjornen: The "near-bear" form calls to mind the pre-
historic cave bears. Taller and longer than contemporary
bears, they have elongated claws and sharp fangs. In this
form, a Gurahl reverts to instinctual "thinking" and lose the
abiliry to converse in human languages alrogether.

* Ursus: Gurahl in Ursus form are no different in
appearance than normal bears. Homid Gurahl tend to take
the Ursus form of their tribe. They can speak the language of
bears and a limited version of the Gurahl tongue: When in
this form, Gurahl tend to think like the bears they resemble.

bt SFPLII EL

Arthren Crinos Bjornen Ursus

Ser: +3 Ser: +5 Ser: +4 Ser: +3
Dex: -1 Dexyr-2

Sea: +3 Sra: +5 Sta: +4 Sta: +3

Man: -2 Man: -3 Man: -3 Many -3

Appi-2 App: 0

Diff: 7 Diff: 6 Dx: 7 Diff: 6

Ciffe
Gufrahl begin play with rchree Gifts,
one each from their breed, auspice
(Arcas, usually) and Gurahl Gift
lists. é

Se seen 2 ers a ee een Pe ee

by scooping her paw through a body of water thar contains
fish. Overuse of the Gift causes it to fail. A Gurahl may not
acquire more than one fish per half mile of stream or lake
through this Gift.

Systern: The Gurahl does not need to roll for a single
fish. If she wishes to acquire more than one,.she must
relocate to anew spot and roll Dexterity + Athletics.
Success gives her another fish; failure ends the Gift.-A botch
indicates Gaia's displeasure and the Gurahl must make
restitution before the Gift will work for her again.

* Healing Tongue (Level One} — As the Theurge
Gift! Mother's Touch.

* Ignore Wounds (Level One) —— As the Philodox
Gift: Resist Pain.

* Calm (Level Two) —~ As the Children of Gaia Gift.

* Survival of the Bear (Level Two) -—~ As the Silent
Strider Gift: Adaptation.

* Treeshake (Level Two) —~- The Gurahl may procure
food for one or more individuals by shaking the trunk of a
tree, shaking down acorns and other tree-fruits regardless of
the tree's type or whether it is in season.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis arid rolls
Strength + Rituals. Each success provides enough food for
ome individual.

* Dreams' of the Buri-Jaan (Level Three) — The
Gurahl sends dream messages to a known cubshe has chosen
to mentor, These dreams and visions act as both
a summons and adirectional guide.

System: The player rolls W/its + Oc-

cult (difficulry of the distance between
‘the Gurahl and the student according to the
table below} and spends a pointe of Gnosis.
Additional Gnosis spent adds distance and
effectiveness to the visions or dreams.
The Gurahl uses this

eset cal COP ALY CHIE
» Fiddlefish (Level One)

Gitte every
three days or
so until the

— The Gurahl may ,
acquire a fish that
provides a nu-
tritious meal

cub arrives.


The prospective Buri-Jaari may send dreams-without a
specific target on the chance that a seeking cub may be
waiting for some direction. In-such cases, the difficulty
increases by two up to a maximum of 10.
Distance between Buri-Jaan and Cub Difficulty
Less than a mile 4
Up to 10 miles 5
Up to 100 miles 6
Up to' 250 miles 7
Up to 500 miles 8
Up to 1000 miles 9
More than. 1000 miles i
e Ease the Fevered Mind (Level Three)
Gurahl uses this Gift to treat such | ‘ é
phreniay depression, stress, traunt

with the expenditure of Willpow :
rangements permanently: a

System: The playér rolls Perceprion + Medicine
culty 7). Each success allows the Gurahl to suppre :
desired condition for one scene. By achieving 20 sticcesse
over a period of time (with no failures or botches), a Gu ah

symptoms. may dissppear. unless th
addressed, the problem may recur later
° Masking the Hunted (Level Four
may employ available terrain to: conceal .
creatures pursued by hunters. The Gurahl may

pursuers:

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis ary
Manipulation +. Stealth. (difficulty of the Perceptién +
Alertness of the hunters). Success enables the jurahl to
hide the targets; additional successes increase the duration
or effectiveness of the Gift. The Gift fails with no successes
and a botch leads the pursuers to their quarry:

* Gaia's Breath (Level Five) — With this Gift, a
Gurahl may return a departed spirit to a dead werecreature,
restoring it to life. No evidence exists that Gurahl have ever
used this on a non-Gurahl or on a werebear who has been
dead for more than'a few hours.

System: The player spends two points point of perma-
nent Gnosis and two points of permanent Willpower and
rolls Charisma + Occult (difficulty of 6 + the mumber of
hours since death up to a maximum -of 10). One success
restores life to the target but leaves her incapacitated unless
healed magically. Additional successes add lost healch lev-
els on a one-for-one basis. Missing body parts are not
restored unless separate Gifts are used. Failure means the
spirit does not return. A: botch indicates rhat.a malicious
spirit or Bane has possessed the body. This Gift may be used
once and only once on a single creature.

92 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LE ns LT TT LS TA

reed CUE

* Persuasion (Level One) —— As ché Garou Homid Gift:

* Ursa's Light (Level One) —+ The Gurahl may draw
down the light of the stars for illumination or a directional
beacon:

System: The Gurahl reachés toward rhe sky while the
player makes a Charisma + Occult roll. Success produces a
soft light that illuminates a 100' square area or sends a
direction beacon 100 yards. If Ursa Major or Minor is in the

». sky, the effect is doubled.

« Climate Control (Level Two) — The Gurahl can

‘ alter the temperature around hér by 5-25 degrees and can

metimes ifelude additional creatures in the effect's area.
System ‘The ~player rolls Manipulation + Primal-Urge.
One success allows the Gurahl to raise or lower the tempera-
ture around her by 5 degrees. Each additional success gives
her another 5- degree. igcrement or allows her to encompass
ae additional' person orcreature within the affected area.
(The target can roll Willpower (difficulry 8) to resist.

, Ddloraus Countenance (Level Two) —— As the
homid Gift: Staredown.

i Shape Matter (Level Three) —~ As the Garou homid

Three) — ~The Gurahl can open
one in need of rescue or succor.
System The Gurahl clears her mind while her player
folls Perception + Empathy. One success allows her rosense

Gift: Cocoon; this Gift trrounds the Gurahl with a a protec-
tive coat of night-sky colored fur.

System: The character spends a Gnosis point and
attacks after-that must do damage equal ro the Gurahl's
Occult + Rituals to penetrate. Spending an additional point
of Gnosis extends the effect for ane scene. The Gurahl is ar
a-l penalty to Dexterity while "wearing" the coat.

* Spirit Shield (Level Four) — Similar to the Garou
homid Gift: Spirit Ward, this Gift distinguishés berween
friendly or neutral and hostile spirits, simply causing the
former to bypass the Gurahl while actively intimidating
hostile spirits. Bear-spirits may ignore the aura if they wish.

System: The Gurahl rolls Manipulation -+-Rituals.
Fach success on this roll causes spirits who attack rhe Gurahl
to lose one die from their dice pools.

* Fearless Unveiling (Level Five) —— Similar to the
Garou homid Gift: Part the Veil; this Gift enables the
Gurahl to appear in ‘Crinos form béfore a human without
invoking the Delirium, thus enabling the werebear to render


assistance without harming the individual. The Garou usu-
ally performs the Rite of the Ban on the human afterwards.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Charisma + Empathy. The effect lasts for one scene or until
the human departs.

Chetipe CLIP
e Heightened Senses (Level One) — As the lhipus Gift.
* Voice of Woe (Level One) -— This Gift sends out a

call of distress to creatures in the area, who come to-the
assistarice of the Gurahl.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls. «

Charisma + Primal-Urge. One success sends the call for 5
miles; additional successes increase the distanée
increments to a maximum of 5Q.<
shapeshifters who hear the call ker
and roughly whar direction he
* Burrow (Level Two)
* Weather Watch (Level
acéurately predict the weather without any prior
edge.
System: The werebear sniffs the air for signs ofcha ec
‘The player rolls Perception + Primal-ULrge. The numb
successes determiines the degree of infor
receives about major or minor changes
This Gift can be used once per scene

Gurahl can find the shortest, fastest rout
ate, regardless of where he is and how he

System: The player spends a point of G
Perception + Primal-Urge (difficulty 7)-"Thi
works in the Umbra. :

* Shelter of the Earth (Level Three) ~~ The
uses the local landscape as a secure hiding place. Rapid
movement gives away the Gurahl's position, but slow move-
ment is possible without revealing his location. .<@

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Dexterity + Stealth. One success provides minimal cover
while three or more conceals the Gurahl entirely. The Gift
does not work where cover is unavailable.

* Gnaw (Level Four) — As the Garou lupus Gift.

* Sweet Swarm of Vengeance (Level Four) =—— The
Gurahl summons a swarm of angry bees to harry or attack an
enemy, directing them as she chooses.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Charisma + Animal Ken. One success summons 100 bees;
additional sticcesses add more, up to an entire swarm with five
successes. The bees can simply harry ary opponent or cause
serious injury Cor even death from severe allergic reaction).

* Call of the Cave Bear (Level Five) —— Similar to the
lupus Gift: Song of the Great Beast, chis Gift summons a
prehistoric cave bear from. the spirit world to aid her.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Charisma + Primal-Urge. The animal has rhe maximum

a

statistics for a Gurahl in Bjornen form (Str 9, Dex 3
and remains for one scene.

,Sta 9)

Aetce CUPL

aeciat CLD

* Open Seal (Level One) —~ As the Garou Ragabash Gift.

* Walk Like a Man (Level One) —.-A Gurahl.in
Ursine, Bjornen or Crinos form may use this Gift to leave
human footprints instead of bear prints.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Stealth.-One
success causes the Gift to last for one scerie; additional
successes extend the duration on a one for one basis.

2. Cajole (Level Two) —~ The Gurahl uses this Gift to
coax Atother individual into giving her something, such as
or some service.

player rolls Charisma + _Bmpathy- The

Meee lapse into ruin and disappear. "This can be
used both co restGre once-rainted land after cleansing it and to
cause chaos directed against despoilers of the wilderness.

System: The player spends.a Gnosis point and rolls
Manipulation + Repair. The number of successes dictates
the degree of reversion a 100° square area undergoes.
Chapels CIEL

* Slash of the Death Beart (Lével One) —— As the
Ahroun Gift: Razor Claws.

¢ Ultimatum (Level One) —- By pitting his willagainsr
ar opponent's, the Gurahli may reduce his enemy's actions
to two options. ("Fight me now or flee like a rabbir!")

System: The Gurahl must get the opponent's atten-
tion. The two then engage in an opposed Willpower roll.
Success means that the Gurahl may presenr the enemy with
two options and the opponent may take no action not
specified by the Gurahl. The Gurahl cannot make one or
both demands clearly suicidal to his opponent.

* Mangi's Strong Arms (Level Two) ~~ The Gurtahl's
classic "bear-hug" gains strength through this Gift; enabling her
tosqueeze her opponent tothe point of unconsciousness ordeath.

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 93

a NS EE NT


System: The Gurahl concentrates On drawing Marigi's
favor, taking a full acrion to do so. The player spends a point
of Gnosis and rolls Strength + Primal-Lirge. Each success adds
one die to the Gurahl's damage for a successful grappling
attack. All damage must be expended at once, but the
werebear may activate this Gift before combat and wait until
she has grappled her opponent to inflict damage with it.

* Threaten (Level Two) — The Gurahl stands upright
and roars, causing her opponents to flee in terror.

System: The player rolls Chatisma + Intimidate (cliffi-
culry of the victim's Willpower + 2). Oné or two successes
cause the opponent to cringe in fear; more successes make

the victim flee. Five successes can cause fear, frenzynine

vampires or shapechangers subject to. frety and make
humans collapse in dead faint or dig: fom fight

a victim without touching him.
System: The player rolls Strength Brawl (diffi
the target's Dexterity + Dodge). The attack inflict

vated damage as a claw strike; each additional success adds :

to the Gurahl's damage on a one-for one basis. Creatures

capable of soaking may do so, bur three unsoaked levels |
causes the victim to fall unconscious as the breath i is sates /

from his lungs.
« Silver Claws (Level Three) i

Wits + Occult (or Medicine). Each si success grants the fareet

one additional Incapacitared health level, thus keeping h.
alive. The Gurahl may not use this Gift on herself if she
already Incapacitated.

* Rage of the Mother Bear (Level Five) — THe: anger
of Mother Bear allows the Gurahl to act with rapidity during
combat or in an emergency situation.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Dexterity + Rituals. Each success gives the CGiurahl one
additional action, all of which must be raken ‘in the same
turn or they are lost.

® Beast Speech (Level One) — As the Galliard Gift.

* Stonesight (Level One) —— The Gurahl may look
through .a piece of stone or rock to see its potential or
composition.

System: The player rolls Perception + Enigmas' (diffi-
culty 7). Each success reveals a piece of information about
the stone.

* Eyes of the Soul (Lewel Two) — As the Philodox
Gift: Scent of the True Form.

94 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE Le ET Ei a

* Song of Terra' (Level Two) =— The Gurahl may
vouch the earth and hear whar occurred in that spat in the
recent past.

System:. The Gurahl makes contact with the earth.
The player rolls Perception + Primal-Urge and spends a
point of Gnosis. One success reveals a significant event that
occurred within the last 24 hours: Additional . successes
increase the amount of time that can be "heard" by 8 hours
per succéss up to a maximum of 48 hours.

* Mind Sight (Level Three) —- The Gurahl may read
the surface rhoughts of an individual creature of greater than
animal intelligence.

System: The player rolls Wirs + Empathy and spends a

"point ef Gnosis (difficulty of the subjecet's Willpower). Each

"idea" in the subject' s mind.

success eive® the G urahl ome

‘ilpower for each intended recipient. Targets must be
within line of sight and are at —1 to their dice pools while
: taining, th. link. The Gift lasts until the Gurahl breaks

aface of the mind. The Gurahl must nena a point ‘of
power to read the mind of a supernatural creature.

» Aversion Therapy (Level Five) —= This Gift allows
the ‘Gurabl toxrehabilitate wrongdoers byattaching negative
emotions toa particular desire. A thief, for example, may be
doubled over by intensé'fear every time he considers robbing
someone. This effect lasts fora year and a day.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Wits + Empathy (difficulty of the target's Willpower). To
affect a supernatural creature; the Gurahl must also spend a
point of Willpower.

Koh Cif

* Diagnose (Level One) -——- The Gurahl can derermine
a person's general health by studying that individual carefully.

System: The Gurahl focuses on her target. Her player
rolls Perception + Medicine (difficulty 7). One. success
reveals the target's general health. Each additional success
gives more specific information. Zero successes fail to deter-
mine anything, while a borch produces a false (and possibly
dangerous) diagnosis.

@ Spirit Speech (Level One) —— As the Garou Theuirge Gift.


@ Refresh (Lével Two) =< The Gurahl may enable a
target to.ignore wound penalties until the end of a:;combat,
thus aiding in. victory and survival for that individual. |

System: The Gurahl must be within touching distance
of her target but does not have to touch that individual. The
player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls Wits + Medicine
(difficulty 6 for the Gurahl and 7 for another person). Each
success temporarily "heals" a health level ofdamage, whether
aggravated or normal, though the target may still take
additional damage after the Gift is activated. The damage
returns after the combat at the rate of one health level per

turn until healed magically or through normal medical @

treatment. " .
© Sensé the Unnatural (Level Two) —=44S thel ipu Gi
* Exorcism (Level Three) — NS the Th

a vdebt to the Gurahl who "healed"
* Image of the Sky Bear (Level :
She- Bear grants the Gurahl a body t £

constellation, allowing the Garou to pe
actions of healing or protection.

System: The player spends a point of Gnos

target or targets. Each action extinguishes. one of the 4soints
of light. The Gift expires when all the lights are gomé but the
effects linger until lose through receiving damage.

PAL Cif

© Befriend (Level One) —~ The Gurahl may alter the
emotions of an individual in a more positive way.

System: The Gurahl takés a non-threatening stance as
the player spends one Gnosis and rolls Charisma + Empathy,
opposed. by the target's Willpower..Success reduces the
hostile target's feeling toward the Gurahl to neutral, while
additional success move the incividual's emotions in more
positive directions. Zero successes indicate failure, while a
botch adds to the target's hostility.

* Truth of Gaia (Level One) —— As the Philodox Gift.

* Compel Truth (Level Two) — The Gurahl compels
an individual to speak the truth.

System: The player rolls Wics + Empathy (difficulty of
the subjecr's Willpower) and spends a point of Gnosis. Each
success means that the target cannot lie for one minute.

* Presence of the Great Bear (Level Two) — Similar
to the Garou Philodox Gift: King of the Beasts, this Gift
allows the Gurahl to cause nearby bears (One at a time) to
assist her and follow her instructions.

System: The player rolls Charisma'+ Animal Ken
against a difficulty that depends on the Gurahl's relation-
ship with the target bear. The bear miust be within 100 feet
of the Gurahl for the Gift to work. The duration is one scene.

Relationship Difficulty
Sibling 3
Kinfolk 4
Protected creature 6
Strange bear 8
AngBry.or hostile bear 10

ye of. the Tapestry (Level Three) = "The Gurahl

: Systems: The Dives rolls Wits 4 + . Baigenas (difficulty 8).
oO each: success; the Gurabl gains an important piece of

Waken (Level Three) — The Gurahl may arouse an

dual from supernatural sleep or unnatural slumber,
ing. biinging vampires out of torpor and awakening
mation caused by Bhernochtr. Recipients
€ awakening.

yet Bonds a point ofG nosis and rolls Ww its

: Ke anger of a crowd, including lynch mobs and rioters.
System: The player rolls Charisma + Leadership (dif-

ficulty of the person in the crowd with the highest Will-

power). Each success reduces the hostility of up to 50 people
by one degree. More'than three successes allows the Gurahl
to sway the crowd to his own beliefs.

@ Oath of the Great Bear (Level Five) ——- Similar to
the Philodox Gift: Geas, this Gift grants the Gurahl the
ability to cause an individual or group oath to be binding.
The oath cannot force the oathsworn to act in ways detri-
mental to himself but can compel anything else within the
target's capabilities.

Systém: The player spends:a point of Gnosis and rolls
Manipulation + Leadership (difficulty of the target's Will-
power). To affect a group, the Gurahl must roll against the
difficulty of the person in the group with the highest
Willpower. Targets who break the oath lose a point of
Willpower per day until that Trait reaches zero followed by
some other Trait or Attribute. This process continues until
the target dies, returns to the oath's terms or successfully
requests the Gurahl to release her frorn the oath.

CAapter Tews: Those Who Change 95

OO A LS ENG


Year

Gurahl place great emphasis on rites and ceremonies.
The following are some of the more important Gurahl rites.
The werebears also know most of the other rites common to
Garou, having taught many of them to the werewolves to
begin with.

Qe Of Repos fie Creat titlef
Level One
With this rite; the Gurahl rakes on his Bjornenm form
and rips a hole in the Gauntlet to enter the Umbra. The hole
closes immediately afterwards.. Witnessing this rite causes
the Delirium in humans: cee (
System: The player spends a point of Gre
Charisma + Rituals (difficulty of chi
success means the Gurahl take:
hole. Two successes reduce the
three or more successes allows
Gauntlet and cross over almost |
need not roll to return from the Umbra.
Rife of tle I tevfling P Uist
Lével Two :
The Gurahl cleanses the land of poi onous g ses,
or airborne dangers with this Gift. Th
Umbra, summons a Chinook spirit a
to the designated spot.. The spirit's ¢
temperature to drop 10 degrees for 24 how
does not harm the vegetation in any way
System: The Gurahl enters the LJmbra;
lation + Rituals ro find and summon a spirit ‘Cdl
level of pollution in the target region)..No successes
failure, while a borch means thar rhe rite angers the spt

Rife of tle Fore Largs

Level Three

Gurahl may purify an area of all-pollution, destruction,
sickness:'or other form of ill, whether caused by nature,
humans orthe Wyrm by re-establishing the ancient connec-
tion berween the damaged land and Gaia Herself. The
Gurahl mixes a handful of soil with her blood and uses it to
draw a line around the area's perimeter, incurring one health
level of damage from the blood loss. By using more of her
blood (and suffering the damage accordingly) the CGurahl
may purify asquare mile for every health level taken. Gurahl
usually act in a group to purify large areas.

System: Each participant rolls Stamina + Rituals (diffi-
culty 8). Each Gurahl must achieve one success for the rite
to be successful.

Level Four

This rire preverits the spread of secrets vital to the
Gurahl or their Kinfolk, acting asa mental block that deters
the target from revealing a specific secret in any. way.

96 Players Guide fo the Changi

LEE ns TY A

Humans who have withessed a Gurahl change form‘or who
receive magical healing usually receive this rite. Though the
individual may not speak, write or otherwise reveal the
secret, the rite does not remove the memory from his mind.
Gurahl planning to spenda lot of time among humans often
willingly undergo this rite..-The rite's enactor must use-a
hypnotic chant that relates the mature of the affected
information, lulling the recipient into near-slumber. When
she awakens, refreshed and unchanged, the Ban is in place.

System: The player rolis Manipulation + Ricuals (dif-
ticulty of the target's Willpower + 3 if rhe subject is resistant
or 6 if the subject is willing).. This Ban affects both normal
nd supernatural creatures.

te tO bring back the spirit from the
Gurahl enters the Umbra, calls upon

issues a challenge for the departed' s spirit. The Gurahl and
in Umbral combat..If the Gurahl defears
e may enter the realm of the Death Bear and reclaim
hewaHESpreturning it to its body. If the Gurahl fails,
Juobra and the rite ¢ fails. If the Curan

e totem spirit a challenge using the rules for Umbral
in Werewolf: the Apocalypse. The rite fails auto-
aD ically if the individual falls under the time limit for the
{ Gaia' 's Breath or fails to respond ro that Gift. Iris not
a "second cha ‘but an alternative for a Gurahl dead
longer than the time spécified in the Gift: Gaia's Breath.
Only one atrempt can be made on any single crearure.

Benjamin Grayfur, verierable Rishi, expounds on the Fera:

Ananasi: Some say they serve the Wyrm rather than
the Weaver, but then, they once said we'd fallen to the
Pattern Breaker, too. We don't know much about chem, but
we'd like to know what they're all about.

Bastet: They spy on everyone. While that's not néces-
sarily a good thing, it's useful sometimes. We aid them when
we can, since we share a bond of suffering from the old times.

Corax: Good information sources, if you canstand all their
jabber. Of course, we remember they spied on us for the Garou
during the War of Rage. But then, they wanted to survive.

Garou: They were once our little brothers, but the War
of Rage has left a legacy of bitterness, if not downrighr
hatred, that'shard roovercome. Still, we need to resolve our
differences quickly, for the last days are in the wind.

ng Breeds


Se ee a es en ee een ree es me

Mokolé: They kéep to thetnselves, only occasionally Ratkin: They tend to stay in the cities, and it's better
making themselves known to-the Keepers.. They suffered in that they do.
the War of Rage and have no love for other Fera. If they are Rokea: We know'so little about the oceans and their
Gaia's memory, we need to learn to communicate with them. inhabirants..-We should probably make the attempt, if
WNuwisha: Incorrigible tricksters, they keep us laugh- there's time.
™ ing; something we sorely need in these hard times. We need
them back in the world with us.
Resore: Us wey be AadfErt, bat we are fad wuakiinl oor Tenge core lid ape DOP LAPELGLG
LEMEPLO OPP ALE YOU LE SEE OPEL AL Of CALA.

Chapter Tavo: Those Who Change o7

— IL


The Fox dances,

leaping from drift to drift
Red stains white

with prey's demise.
Miyoko waited in' darkness, her
breath shivering as she "hecrd his: ap-
proach..The rope that bound her chafed
against her ankles and wrists. She smelled
the hot flarne of the lantern before she
saw its light. peeking around the
doorframe .

The man entered the cramped space
where she lay, holding the lantern high to
see his prize. Crossing the room, he bent ta
see her better, leaning over her and leering.
Was this truly a highly placed official with the
government? His lust and excitement obscured
any dignity he might otherwise have hele. Yet she
recognized him from the pictures she had seen of him
in his official photographs.

She struggled a little, ax though afraid and he smiled, a
predatory look that spoke volumes of his greed and moral corruption.
Well, she had been-sent to stop his precdations, had she not?

Roughly he fondled her, then thrust his tongue through her lips. She bir
him, grasping his thin lips in her sharp, white teeth, drawing blood. He jerked
violently and she-made-her true attack. Relishing her power and knowing the
terror she caused as he realized what was happening, the werefox spoke the
words to transform herself into spirit and surged inside his body, complering her
possession of him.

She smiled as she forced her new body to stand and leave the room, Cec
extinguishing the lantern. There would be no more kidnappings of the innocent CY
and no more despoiled lands in this territory. And if she was lucky, she could
use this form to get close enough to his black-hearted superior and lodge a knife where it
would do the most good. Laughing, she licked her bloodstained lips.

Ager

This is the story of the Kitstine's creation as handed down from one Fox ro the
néxt. Kitsune are the youngest of the Changing children, having first arisen during
the Fourth Age. Before this time they claim to have been carefree, cavorting as they
chose without thought for the consequences.

During the War of Shame, when Gaia's children foughtand killed one another,
Gaia knew despair. As She sorrowed, She thought and decided ro creare anew child.
Bai Mianxi, the White-Faced One, was born like any other fox. Like any other, she
played and hunted and learned to hide from her enemies, bur unlike orhers she was
smarter, faster and more nimble. As she moved through the world, she heard the voices
of the spirits and discovered how te speak with them. Meeting other clever foxes, she
banded rogether with them and taught them the wisdom she had learned. She was the
best and cleverest of foxes. She and her peopie played and danced and played tricks

98

on animal and human as they liked while all around them
thé world fell further into chaos and other Changing chil-
dren fought and died.

Then the first Kitsune, Bai Mianxi, the White-Faced
One, was led away from her consort, Prince Inari and taken
by the Silver lady, Luna, to the court of Gaia. There she was
told of her people's destiny —— to' grow up and setve Gaia
rather than overbréeding and hunring and making life
miserable for the humans with all their tricks.

In Gaia's court, Bai: Mianxi-wheedled and adeed,

attempting to bargain with Gaia for her people's freedom
from. the duties asked of her, using every ounce of her
cleverness. The Silver Lady had told Bai Mianxi not to raise

her eyes to Gaia and to kowtow before-Hléerm Even knowing /
she was meeting a great personages the little fox resorted to
her trickery. She tried to give Gaia information the Mother |
had never heard, then attempted to arrange a bet (ae which"

she intended to cheat), and finally offered to fight a chamy
pion, all to avoid servitude. :

Gaia refused all her offers, saying Her other childien _

had either already told Her the news, tried cheating before
or would destroy Bai,Mianxi_in.a, fight. In, Jésperation

because her best tricks hadefailed, dic White Faced One
aia's ovher children were|

raised her eyes ‘and said char if (
already better than the Foxes at everything, then Gaia did
not need them and they could beclét off the hook..Gaia's

anger almost destroyed her, burthe Silver Lady interceded |
and persuaded Gaia to look.ifito Bai Mianxi's heart and seé"
her true worth. When Bai Mianxi_ recovered from her.
swoon, Gaia promised her three things. In recurn for obedi-

, ber.

ence, service and their best effort to fight for G :
people would be best at something some day, thar Gaia
would help the Kitsune to survive—even oe Sixth
Ag
the Kitsune back their freedom.

Bai Mianxi had unknowingly spent ai year in"Gaia's
court and when she returned, she found. her own court
scattered and Prince Inari gone. She went in search of him,
crisscrossing Asia repeatedly in. her atrempts to find her
beloved. consort. After searching fruitlessly for a great many
years, she finally stopped and looked around her, weeping
for the devastation she saw. Changing children were maimed,
separated, prevented from performing their duties and some
had even ceased to exist, all while she selfishly searched for
her love. She asked Luna what she was to do, realizing the
time had come for her ro accept her duties. The Silver Lady
explained that her travels had shown her the terrible stare
the world was in and the harm done to Gaia thereby and
commanded her to take up the assassination of nations that
no longer held the mandate of Heaven, and Bai Mianxi
began Gaia's work.

Thus Bai Mianxi brought back both Gaia's blessing and
Her commands tothe foxes of Asia and the cleverest ofthem
became the Kitsune. From that time to this, most werefoxes
have served faithfully, though not always in the way Garou

Se nee ees en re een EN Re ee

would think honorable. Throughout the ages,-the Kitsune
have used their wits, nimbleness, humor and magic to
undermine Gaia's enemies. They helped to mold the politics
of the Middle Kingdom during the earlier parts of the Fifth
Age through manipulation, assassination and possession of
key personnel. .A whisper here, a clever ruse there and the
Nine-tails, as the Kirsune came to be called, could topple
kingdoms or raisé up a new ruler, all to further Gaia's
ultimate aims.

‘Kitsune continue to serve the Mother and further their
ewnr gals to this day. In some ways,.they anticipate the

| Sixth Age with something less than dread for Gaia pledged
_ to help them survive it and that She would free them of their
_ obligations to Her afterward. They struggle, as do most of the
Changers, with the loss of ever more of their fox Kin

throughout Asia as they are hunted for everything from

"their pelts to their bones for use in elixirs or salves to make
the user clever. and quick. In repressive societies, as many in

Asia aré, their human Kinfolk also suffer, tchough the Foxes
aren't as constrained when it comes to choosing such.
‘The ‘Asian-werld both reveres the legends of magical
foxes and. fears them. So l6ng as that is the case, they will
probably 1 remain much as they have been for centuries unril
‘the coming of the Sixth Age. In fact, the Kitsune are far
pnore likely to survive than the Garou and other warrior shen

o for they live by their wits, as they always have.

Kterpe Leacwcoors

Kitstine: have their own language, called Kitsuné-go:

Although communleationrein tox form is instinctive, young

werefoxes learn Kitsune-go during their Nogitsune time.
This costs no points toa learn. The grammar gives those other
than Kitsune headaches as the logic behind the sentence
comstructions is fox, not human. The Kitsune embraced
writing as far back as Bai Mianxi and Prince Inari stole their
first shang oracle bones. Many-words, as shown below, are
particular to the Kitsune.

Batsu: A Kitsune's closest friends and allies.

Byakko: A white-colored fox; usually a servant of Inari.

Doshi: One of the Four Paths; Kitsune Sorcerer.

Eji: One of the Four Paths; Kitsune Warrior.

Go-en: Kitsune-go for contract and favor networks:

Gukutsushi: One.of the Four. Paths; .Kitsune
Dreamweaver or Illusionist.

Hitogata: Homid form for Kitsune.

Juko: Fortin of a wolf-sized fox, the equivalent of the
Garou Hispo form.

Jyu-ho: All Fox magic.

Kataribe: One of the Four Paths; Kitsune Bard.

Kiko: Spirit Fox; a second rank Kitsune.

Kojin: Human breed Kitsune.

Koryo: Haunting Fox; a third rank Kitsune.

Chapter Two: Those Who CAange 99

a PT A EN,

S|
L

Koto: A werefox's "Crinos" form-

Kuko: Air Fox; A Kitsune who serves the Wyrm.
Kyubi: A Kitsune's vulpine form.

Nine-tails: Another term for Kitsune.
Nogitsune:'A Kirsune without rank, usually a Kit.
Reiko: Ghost Fox; a fourth rank Kitsune.

Roko: Fox breed Kitsune.

Sambuhenge: Thé rarely-used Glabro form of Kitsune:

Sempai: Mentor; teacher or organization of tea he
Shen: Supernatural beings.

Shakko: A red-colored Fox:

Shinju: Pure breed Fox; offspring of two Ki
Silver Lady, the: Luna
‘Tamamono: Gifts

are also quite busy,
The Nine- tails hold

most auspicious murnbare of one, two and four. One I
can do things on her own without much help from. ot

see the number four as auspicious. Four Kitsune,
Path, creates a perfect sentai, utilizing forcé, cleverness and
magic to succeed where others fail. Add a non-Fox to cover
any lack or weakness and it creates perfection.

When Foxes gather, such are brief meetings at which
highly ‘important ‘topics are heard: Usually, it is thought
sufficient to simply pass the word along from Fox to Fox as
time and place permit. Being quite well connected, news can
pass across the Middle Kingdom in less than a week this way.
Kitsune also honor spirits as individuals rather than groups, so
there is small need for large garherings to perform rites.

Fox relationships with the Beast Courts are as follows:
most serve the Kitsune first and the courts second. One in four
may follow the Way of Emerald Virrue, but every Fox knows
at least one Nine-tails pledged to the Courts. Nor all serve
forever, but are courtly and as perfect as possible when under
pledge. Kitsune make good ambassadors to others, acting as
such forthe Beast Courts. Kitsune also make great regents and
seers. Stations such as general are not suited to Foxes and rhe
post of historian is too venerable a position for a race so young.

100

"NX illpower of

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

Whenever a Kit is ane to the full powers of a Kitsune,
it is paid for by the taking of a life. One or both parents may
die or may live depending on the vagaries of fare. Many
might believe the Kitsune incapable of loving the mates
almost certainly doomed to die, but such is not the case.
Many love deeply and sorrow greatly. Orhers remain aloof,
but yearn for a love they feel is a weakness given rhe

: mortality rate-among partners.In ancient times, many such

ings were arranged with athe knowlédge that those sent
© partner Foxes might never return. Still today, thar custom

prevails m,gome areas. Nevertheless, most Foxes cherish

fe tk as much as any other hengeyokai.

tsune attributes and abilities are determined utilizing
the same number of points as other hengeyokai. Their Path
determines their beginning-Rage, while their Initial Gnosis
score comes front. their Breed. Ail Kitsune begin with a

Kitsune lack the regenerative ‘abilities of the Garou:
WitHout healing Gifts they would heal damage just like
ordinary mortals. In efféer,all non-bashing damage is counted
as lethal damage, making the Nine-tails more likely toavoid
combat whenever possible, but also making it easier to heal
them awith. healing Gifts. They may srill soak damage at the
sual difficulty rare. from many aggravated sources, suchas
om a Kuei-jin's claws and teeth in the same manner as
Garou. When. in Koto-or Juko form, Kitsune's teeth do
agera ated, damage:

| Kitsune bedefiefrometheir roagical strength and versa-
‘tility. Not only are they able to‘learn potent Gifts of rheir
own, but can easily learn the Gifts of orher Changing Breeds
as well. They rely heavily on their magic. The Nine-tails
enter the Umbra with as little trouble as the Garou.

Because they lack regenerative abilities, it is very im-
portant for Kitsune to avoid being damaged. To that end,
they need to be both quick and agile. Kitsune receive one
extra dot in Dexterity for free during character creation.
Further, Kitsune cannot botch Dodge rolls, though they
may still fail them.

Because they are children of Bai Mianxi, who received
her calling from the Silver Lady, the werefoxes,. unlike
Garou, may attempt to soak damage from silver (difficulty
8).. Any damage mor soaked is lethal. Orherwise, silver
affecrs them just as it does Garou.

Wrerefoxes have the advantage of a long lifespan. W/hen-
ever ‘a Kitsune goes up in rank (except when advancing to
First Rank) their potential lifespan doubles. This leacls ro the
Kirsune elders being quite venerable. With each rise in Rank
Kitsune gain another rail. Thus, a Fox with nine tails (of
whom. there has been only one —~ Bai Mianxi) is acrually
immortal. Foxes that do not subscribe ro the Way of Emerald
Virtue of orher hengeyokai value Chie (Cunning), Toru
CHonor),-and Kagayaki (akin. to Glory) Renown. Kitsune

SE ET An LS A

|


gain anew tailonly when they acquire new rank, though the
lack of tails may be hidden or covered up with lies. Most of the
tire, the tails are not visible. A Kitsune may hide or reveal his
tails by making a Gnosis roll versus the local Gauntlet. The
Foxes were created just after the Fourth Age. Thus, they were
never part of controlling humanity. Because of this their Koto
(Crinos) form does not invoke the delirium. Werefoxes are
very careful to hide this form from. mortals, though slips
throughour the ages have led ro the many legends of terrify
ing, magical foxes prevalent throughout Asia.

Kitsune frenzy, but such is always a fox frenzy as they.
were never meant to be berserkers.

Background + mma",

abilities will make life fare easier for. Ox, sorcerers and are
respected as art forms throughout. the Eastern world.

The werefoxes may purchase the Backgrounds of An- -

cestors, Fetish, Resources and Rites without any modifica
tions. They may buy ‘Totem if they | are a

pure ‘blood, even if other shen don eae recognize thar.

Additionally, they have a somewhat. ufique take on Allies,
Contacts, Kinfolk and Mentor as described below:

* Batsu: Batsu are the Kitsun s allies, his friends and
cohorts, who stand by hirmand ass t hini when needed. To
a werefox, one's fr iends, and allies de fine who hi sis and what
he stands for. °

* Clan: Kitstine Kinfolk are immune to the Delirium.
As the werefoxes don't inspire the Delirium, this isn't'so
importance. Rather than havinga "Kinfolk" Background, the
Nine-tails have Clan, a group of family, Kin and friends who
know the truth about the werefoxes and theirgrand purpose.
While many clan members are indeed Kinfolk, others are
chosen with great care. :

* Go-en: This is a network ofgminor conracts the
Kitsurie maintains. Rather than relying on one important
contact for information, the werefoxes prefer to have several
possible sources handy for a variety of situations.

* Sempai: This is the equivalent of Mentor, but Kitsune
are likely to havea group of hengeyokai as patrons. A sempai
can be an aunt or uncle, a Kitsune parent, court sentai
(group) who adopt the Kit asa mascot or a Gai'nan (the
ranking court official inthe hengeyokai courts). A Sempai
may help simply to assist the Kitsune in reaching her
potential or may be grooming her for a task.

bd Kiko or Iron Rank official; an inexperienced or
very distant sentai

se Koryo or Steel Rank' official; a. moderately
accessible, experienced sentai.

wee Reiko or Gold Rank hengeyokai; an influential

courtier, often accessible and quite capable.

Chapter Two: Those Who Change

eae EN

se ers a enn een ee ee

"foxes ¢ as a ote Nonetheless, hey are cooally irsatiably

wens A Five-tailed Fox,

sentai.

eeoes A Fox with Six or more tails; Gai'nan co an
important court, a legendary sentai.

evel

Kitstine récogriize three breeds. Like Garou and most
other Changers, they acknowledge the human-born, the

a Gai'nan, a powerful, friendly

_animal-born and the metis.

' ojin aré Uheshuman-born Kitsune:
: sua ly of Asian descent, some may be of mixed blood,
but always have Asian ancestry. Jiyperactive as children,

ey are more than they appear to be; equally certain that
thist isa a great secret they are meant to discover. ‘This leads
sat curiosity about the world around them
t might contain. A kojin's First Change
tic, but the Kitsune soon recovers as she
wn. she was somehow special and now has

© Roko: Roko are the fox-born. Kirsune.. Often; the
arerits place the child with foxes so the kit can be raised in
more normal environment. Many roko experience difficult

curious and show great glee when they undergo their First
Change, delighted when they discover that hands give them
mary more opportunities to uridergo new experiences as they
get into more trouble than ever before. Inveterate wanderers,
they love to see mew places and discover novel things.

Beginning Gnosis: 5 ;

Starting Gifts: Burrow, Cricket Leap, Heightened Senses

Shinju: The shinju are the metis Kitsune. Among
the Kitsune, mevis birth is not considered a curse. They do
not have deformities, but if a Fox-Fox pairing producesa
child there is only a ren percent chance they will produce
a shinju; most are normal foxes or humans. Tragically,
shinju children are born ata cost, for one of the Fox parents
may die (even odds whether they live or die; even odds
which. is taken) when the mating is Kitsune to Kitsune.
Raised in the court of their parents, shinju kits learn their
grand destiny early.. Their heads swelled by tales of the
greatness that is theirs, many become insufferably arrogant
and absolute perfectionists.

Beginning Gnosis: 4

Starting Gifts: Scent of the True Form, Sense Wyrm,
Truth of Gaia

"al
:

t

icc

LZSAE

What the Garou would call auspices, the Kitsune refer
to as Paths, reflecting their castern philosophy. Paths con-
stitute both a profession and something of a sacred calling.
They are not determined by the sun, moon or time of birth
of the Kitsune, but are chosen by each Fox. When a young
Kitsune reaches her Nogitsune-time, she is given the Rite of
the Crossroads by a

Path she will follow. Unlike other hengeyokai, Ki

of the Crossroads (if performed correctly) reveals her true
essence and thus her life-choice. Seay
Each of the four elements recogiived by Kits me © tre
spond to a particular Path. Rather than the singular. ele-
ments common in the spigit World (fire,
the Nine-tails accept a blending of ewo of the primary
elements as a singular element
thus correspond with the following blended elements:

water. :
« Kiri (Fog) —éémbines the clement@of« oe and ai
* Inazuma eh)
air and fire.
* Yogan (Lava) —_ combines eis elements of fire and
earth. :

Ketavitie (Kitt pelt reba

Correspondirig to clay, this Pach is. made ap ot bude:
and doers. Like a potter using clay, the Kataribe make mar

things that aid the other Nine-tails.. They are in contrast to"

the Doshi and Eji, who practice selective destruction as par ts.
of their Paths.

Along with a love of crafted things; the aca ibe par-
ticularly love lore, thus earning them the title of bard. They
spend much time collecting lore from around the world,
learning stories, songs and poetry and Aveaving them to-
gether into a tapéstry of knowledge. The bards spend time
with court historians and Zhong Lung to avail themselves of
the ancient history knowin to these'shen. These Kitsune are
in particular accord with the Beast Courts and most Kitsune
on the Way of Emerald Virtue are Kararibe. They get along
with other shen and wich humans as well.

Initial Rage: 2

Starting Gifts: Beast Speech, Fable, Truth of Gaia
COREL RLE (CFO SOOPE Sloe)

The Dreamweavers correspond to thé element of Kiri,
Fog: This is a difficult Path for outsiders to understand,
combining the way of the trickster with their mastery of the
mind and illusion with the role of healer. They bring solace
to the suffering and take delight in deceiving those who
prove needful of such tricks. Their skills are less physical
than the other Paths, and Gukutsushi, but can-use their
mind-bending skills to devastating effect against foes. Their

L102

more experienced nine-tails. The.ele-«
ment the young Fox chooses at this time determineswhat
Sune
cannot undergo the Rite of the Second Face, since the Rite'

earth, water, ain), -

an and of itself. The Paths

* Nendo (Clay) —— combines the elements ofearth and

‘ neither ir

ombines the elements of

g Speech

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE Ls ET TT LP

knowledge' of both human*and shen minds is unsurpasséd
and they have honed their own minds into both keen
weapons and insightful analysts to heal the fevered mind.
Initial Rage: 2
Starting Gifts: Cleat the Mind, Mother's Touch; Open Seal

Pans (A Lf et)

The Sorcerers element is Inazuma, Lightning. Masters
of magic and spirit communication, they are considered to
have aslight taint of darkness t6 themywith all betraying the
hunt of Yomi within them. On a successful use of Sense
Wyrm at difficulry 9, the Doshi detect as slightly Wyrm-
tainted) They believe that evil can be a powerful weapon

| againse evil and have not completely abandoned the use of

some questionable sorceries. They will enslave Banes if they
believe it necessary for a greater good. Their knowledge of
the Centipede and its minions is vast and they utilize this
advantage to great effect. Their dark Path forces the Doshi
to distance themselves from other Kitsune and shen and
many live alone irrabandoned areas such as old monasteries
and the lik The darkness within many of the sorcerers
tendsthem toward cynicism and inhumanity, but they are
remably. evil t nor enslaved by their harreds.
Initial Rage: 3"

_ Starting Gifts: Blessing the Blade, Sense Magic, Spirit

HY Clyyes) -
- The warrior Kitstite are those associated with Yogan;

lava: They are the cavaliers of rhe Nine-tails, with strength
as powérfulasthe earth and ferocity to equal the burn offire.

"""'Phey consider thermisélvés..as.surgeons cutting away any

"cancers" that threaten the Emerald Mother. Oddly, they
may display the greatest respect for life while at the same
time being those among the Foxes who most often take life,
either as hunters or fighters. Nonetheless, when someone
pollutes the world, the Eji find noe difficulty in performing a
neat and swift execution. They may bartle and kill bakemono,
crazed Kuei-jin or Banes, almost without thought or emo-
tion. When in- human guise, they often appear as adventur-
ers, daredevils or religious figures thar encourage orhers to
strive for the best while rhey secretly remove those that add
ro the illness infecting the Emerald Mother.

Initial Rage: 4

Starting Gifts: Razor Claws, Resist Pain, Sense Hostility

ores

Kitsune have five forms. Though not as cotnbat ori-
ented and effective as the Garou, Foxes take immense pride
in being elegant and beautifully shaped. In any of his forms,
the Kitsune may manifest one or more of his tails (by making
a Gnosis roll against the local Gauntlet) or he may hide
them in the same fashion. Although the Koto, Juko and
Kyubi forms always show at least one tail; the Kitsume can
simply hide the extras gained from rank.


* Hitogata: The Kitsune's Honiid form; no different
from an Asian man or woman. Other than the mischievous
look, they are indistinguishable from any other person.
They like to keep in shape and pride themselves on being
good-looking.

* Sambuhenge: Analogous to the Glabro, the Foxes
rarely take this form as it is somewhat comical in appear-
ance. Roko kits may assume the form more often as they
begin learning to walk in human form.Some use this form
to play jokes on other Foxes. Body mass remains constant,
but the ears point upward. The eyes become slanted and
thin, the nose lengthens and whiskers appear. This form also
naturally sports a fox's tail.

Koto: Standing only an inch or two taller than the
Hitegata (Homid) form, this form adds no real bulk. The
head becomes fully that of a fox, though the intelligence of
the eyes is unmistakable. The body id covered with fur and
has an obvious foxtail. Kitsune usually only assume this form
for courtly affairs, to impress visitors or for the comfort of
having fur. They never assume the Koto form unless they are
certain of their privacy. Koto may bite for Strength +1
aggravated damage, but few Kitsune do so unless they have
exhausted other options first.

eJuko: This is a-wolf-
Sized fox form. The Kitsune
has a. great amount of,
"manual" dexterity with his

Se se ers ao ne seen ee es ee

mouth: Many have learned to hold daggers in their mouths
with which to fight.

* Kyubi: In this form, the average Kitsune appears as an.
ordinary red fox. A few Kitsune are gray foxes, bur werefoxes
cannot breed with animals of more exotic coloration.

otis SFAPISLE

Sambuhenge Koto Juko Kyubi
Ser: +1
Dex: +1 +2 +3 +4
Sta: +L +2 +3 +2
Marni: -1 -1 2 -1
App: O (+0)*
+ Per: +4 +1 +2
Dit: 7 6 - Foe 6

* The Koto form has an appearance of 0 tohumans, who
frighten easily. To shen and other enlighrened beings, the
Fox's beauty is not compromised in any way.

+ Difficulty-for hearing Perception rolls is reduced by 2
in all forms except Hitogata.

Cie
Kitsune adore magic. Gaining new cails is a gréat
honor, but it is also desirable simply because of
the new powers rank brings. The Nine-tails
Ug show great facility with all sorts of
magic, possessing a great variety
of Gifts courtesy of the spirits.
As an option, Storytellers who
delve into crossover games may
wish to allow Kitsune to learn hedge
magic..A-Kitsune character
begins play with one general
Kitsune Gift, one breed Gift,

and one Path Gift.

Aree CEP

*-Chi Sense (Level
One) — The Kitsune may
sénse Yinand Yang, feeling the
flow of Chi. They may make
use of the Gift to practice feng
shui. The Gift is caught by
any spirit of the Middle
Kingdom.


System: The player rolls Perception + Occult, with the
difficulty and information received dependent on the local
distribution of Chi. Discerning the Yin of a graveyard might
be a difficulry 3 task, while noticing the surreptitious sabo-
tage of a lah's Chi flow could take a roll of 8 or 9.

* Ishin Denshin (Level One) + The Kitsune commu-
nicates telepathically with others of her kind. Both must
possess the Gift and be willing rocommunicate. The Kitsune
find it hard to lie when using the Gift, andso uses itless ofté
than might otherwise be expected. The Gift is taug!
snake-spirits:

System: The player rolls Perception + Empathy, diffi-
culty 6, while gazing into the other Nine-tail' S eyes: No
effort is necessary t to sustain cones once 4

© Scent of Running |
Ragabash Gift.

to spéak with the ihabieante: of the
ancestor-spirits and spirits associated with death or Yi

System: No dice need be rolled and there'
Kitsune may speak with Yin spirits, wraiths and suchlil
in the Yin Realm or in the Middle Kingdom. If using ¢ crossovers
with Wraith, treat ali Kitsune with this Gift as Mediums.

© Puppeteer's Secret (Level Three) AU Kitsune
pick up a few tricks. Though not turning a'Fox invisible, it
makes him one of the crowd. Wherever he uses this every-
one simply assumes he belongs and has been there for ages.
He's a familiar, loyal face, a supporter. Deer and other well-
camouflaged spirits teach this Gift.

System: The player rolls Charisrna + Subterfuge, diffi-
culty 7. The Kitsune should be wearing attire appropriate to
the group he is attempting to infiltrate and should act incon-
spicuously. A janitor would not be cracking a safe or singing
on stage, for example, but could sweep the floor for hours
without drawing attention. The less he' says and does, the
better. If the Fox begins to go beyond the character chosen,
the Storyteller may ask for more skill rolls using Wits, Ma-
nipulation or some such' + Streetwise to fend off suspicion.

« Shadow-Fan-Flowers (Level Four) -—— One crea-
ture within the Kitsune's line of sight sees a vision and
believes. The illusion is perfectly derailed with color,
lights, and motion. Chimerlings and other illusion spirits
teach the Gift.

104

difficult:

Players Guide fo the Changing Breeds

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and
rolls Manipulation + Empathy versus the target's Will-
power..The viewer may free himself by finding a flaw in
the vision and convincing himself it isn't real. This is so
difficult that normal humans may have no chance at all
(Sroryteller's discretion)... All others may escape with a
Willpower roll. at difficulty 9 once they have a good
reason to attempt disbelief.

The Kitsune abandons

° » Possess: Fi
1 whichis the most famous

e Willpower t point to take over the
' The player rolls Manipulation + Occult, difficulty of

the targer's Willpower. Shen can resist at this poinr and

day.from-then on with Stamina + Occult,
irsune's Willpower. Humans with super-
e (priests; shen, etc.) can resist once per
ina rolls (again versus the Kitsune's
Exdrcism can be used to counter

natural

ion (Level One) — As the homid Gift:
eduction (evel:QOne) ——-A Nine-tails with this

Gite has a powerful allure for humians andcan cause them to

fall in love with her. A cloud or rain spirit teaches it.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls Cha-
rismma + Subterfuge; che target resists with a Willpower roll
(both are difficulty 6). Each success increases the emotion's
depth, with one success a-mild. crush, while five successes
could cause a haunting fascination. Storyrellers may occa-
sionally choose to activate this power secretly (without an
expenditure of Ginosis) if the Fox uses the Gift often, and
apply the results as part of the ongoing story's complications.

* Smell of Man (Level One) —— As the homid Gift. It
is particularly useful ro Kojin new to the wilderness to avoid
unnecessary combat.

* Jam Technology (Level Two) -— As the homid Gift.

* Silver Tongue (Level Two) —~ As the Fianna Gift:
Glib Tongue.

* Staredown (Level Two) — As the homid Gift.

* Disquiet (Level Three) —— As the homid Cift.

* Reshape Object (Level Three) —~ As the homid Gift.

* Tongues (Level Three) —- The Fox may read and
write Any human language she encounters, including lan-
guage and scripr. A wind-spirit teaches the Gift.


System: The player rolls Intelligénice + Lingtiistics arid
spends one Willpower point, difficulty depending on the age
of the language. This ability lasts until the next sunrise.

* Forgetfulness (Level Four) —~ Kitsune using this
Gift can erase information or memories of a specific event
from the target's mind. This is sometimes the only way that
the Foxes, who do not invoke the Delirium, can keep their
secrets. It is taught by fog or mist-spirits.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and one"
power point,-then rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge
culty 6). The target may resist with a Willpower roll
difficulcy level equal to the Kitsune's number of tails +3.

° Spirit Ward (Level Four) ae AAS the h

* Call to Allies (Level Fiv
friendships inform the Kirstin:

Fox's ultimate distress call
hear it, but it also affects

Rok Ciffe
* Burrow (Level One) — As the met
© Cricket Leap (Level One) — AS the lupus Gift:

Hare's Leap.

* Heightened Senses (Level One) — As the lupus Gite.

* Scent of Sight (Level Two)!-— As the hipus Gift.

«Sense Imbalance (Level Two) —~ As the common
hengeyokai Gift (pg. XX).

* Ten Chi (Level Two) —- The Kitsune always knows
where he is in the Middle Kingdom, Yin or Yang Realms by
feeling his relationship to Gaia. Additionally, he carries his
"cerritory" with him wherever he goes. Natural foxes and
animals sense this, allowing him co -pass through their
territories without challenge. Orher Roko usually show the

same courtesy. Migratory bird spirits such as crane or goose
teach the Gift.

System: The Roko spends.a Gnosis point to know
whether he is in the Yin, Yang, Yorni or physical realm,
where the cardinal points are and what direction his
home lies.

SSS ee nem a eect a

Chapter Two: Those Who Change

LE EE A PY <A

¢ Blind (Level Three) —- The Fox can make anernemy
blind for one day. Stinging pain accompanies the blindness.
The Gift is taught by a porcupine-spirit.

System: The player spends. one Gnosis and rolls Ma-
nipulation + Medicine (difficulty 7). The target resists with
Stamina-(also difficulty 7).

« Catfeet (Level Three) — As the lupus Gift.
* Name the Spirit (Level Three) —— As the lupus Gift.
Carrion Clothes Cleve rou ax Wild foxes may

mS
catch: larger prey this way as well. This Gift clothes the

_ Kitsune.ine the likeness of death. The user betrays no aura,

pulse or movement. A faint smell of rot surrounds
2 hi ift affects the minds of those being I lured by

-" System: The player spends a Gnosis point and makes a
Stamina 4 Ga - Stealth roll (difficulty 2. The Gift hides only

itilizing ‘Gifts) breake the Spell. Mortals and
shen fay not realize the ruse if movement

senses may roll Perception + Occult (difficulty 9) to
Jnat the spirit still dwells within.

Forest Lord (Level Four) —— As the lupus Gift: Beast Lite.
¢ Elemental Gift (Level Five) —- As the lupus Gift.
* Song of the Great Beast (Level Five) — As the lupus

» Depending on where the Kitsune is in the Middle
erishe uses the Gift, anything might answer the
call—yeti, whales even lower,dragons.

Siitatip Cio

* Flow of Aura (Level One) — The Kitsune gains a
perception for the feel of a place, its general bemt and any
psychic residue left onan area by strong emotion. Births,
deaths, sicknesses, joys and other such emotions may be
sensed. The Gift is taught by wood and stone-spirits.

System: The player rolls Perception + Empathy (diffi-
culty 7). One success gives a vague notion of past events (a
death occurred here). With three successes, there-is more
detail (a betrayal led to amassacre here), while with five or
better, the exact emotional texture and intensity (a century
past a lover betrayed his intended bride toa group of foreign
mercenaries to save his own life).

* Scent of the True Form .(Level One) —~ As the
Philodox Gift.

* Sense Wyrm (Level One) —- As the metis Gift.

* Call to Duty (Level Two) —— As the Philodox Gift.

* Imperial Authority (Level Two) -~ Shinju know
they are elite; by gazing into another's eyes and exerting
their personality they can assert this. Animals fawn, while
humans assume the Nine-tails is of higher caste or better
family, from senior management, etc. Shen with weak wills

105

E |
|

t

are likewise affected. The Gift is taught by a dragon, phoenix
or other animal spirit accustomed to royalty.

System: The player rolls Charisma-+° Intimidation
(difficulty 6)..Shen can oppose this with a Willpower roll
(difficulty 7).

* Past Whispers (Level Two) — The Kitsune can
léarn the thoughts impressed upon a place. Thought frag-
merits (especially those spoken aloud), especially intense

ones, may remain even years' later... Wind-spirits; and |

epiphlings teach this Gift.

System: The player rolls Perception + Occult (diffi
culty 8). As with Flow of Aura, the more succésses achieved,
the more detail is received.

* Distant Whispers (Level Three) — This trick: s
ich

somewhat like the metis Gift:,.Mental Speech, but :
Fox twist. The Kitsune speaks his message into. the river,

ground, fire or other element and the target hears the Fox's

voice coming from-a similar source nearby. Storms ar
popular vehicles due to the drama they invoke. Any elemef
tal spirit teaches this Gift. ~ :

System: The player rolls Charisma + Enipathy. (difficulty

8). The Kitsune can send:her messagetwenry miles per success

as long as the elemerit she chése to carry her message is present
both at the source and the terminus. [he conduit doesn'tallow

mind reading or work with strangers unless the Fox has some-

thing personal of the target's such' as fingernail clippings, a.
wedding ring, etc. It does permieSocial Abilities to be used on,

the receiver as long as no vistial cues aré necessary.

* Eyes of the Cat (Level Three) _ As the metis G

* Wisdom of the'Ancient Ways (Level Three) é
the Philodox Gift. '

* Roll Over (Level Four) —— As the Philodox Gift:

* Scent of Beyond (Level Four) -— As the Phi odox Gift.

* Imperial Obligation (Level Five) ~~ Ag the Philodox
Gift: Geas.

@ Marionette (Level Five) —— ‘The Kitsune can make
the target move in any fashion by mimicking the desired
action. Snake-spirits teach this Gift...

System: The player spends a Willpower point and rolls
Manipulation + Subrerfuge (difficulry 7). The victim may
resist with a difficulry 7 Willpower roll; if he fails, the
Kitsune is in control for one turn per success.

PRS! CLS
Date Cif

The sorcerers claim more Jyuho and more powerful
Gifts than any others. Such power has a price; it taints the
Doshi very slightly by at least one of the tricks they've stolen
and the shen they robbed.

* Blessing the Blade (level One) — The sorcerer calls
ot a local spirit ro inhabit a blade fora finite time to enhance
ic with supernatural power. The Nine-tails can use it in-
stantly (such .as in immediate combat) or prepare sucha
blade ahead of time. Qurside of combar, the Gift will only

106

ife :

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LE Le OT ST 2 TT,

function if the Kicsune activates it with a specific enerny in
mind. Special wrappings restrain the spirit until the bearer
speaks the enemy's name. Only one weapon of this sort may
be carried ata time. The Gift is raught by a fire-spirit.

System: The players spends one Gnosis and rolls Wits
+ Rituals, difficulty 7. The weapon does aggravated damage
for one scene only.

* Breath of Yu-Chiang (Level One) =~ As the Black
re,of Acolus; Apgiene is the Chinese God

os the bones. Legend says s the "Doshi stole "this from
"Black Spiral Dancers. Doshi insist they never use hengeyokai,
wolves or. anyone's Kinfolk: for this..In times of crisis,

d human may go missing. Doshi are careful
sacrifice to spirits opposed to the Wyrm who

howeve?, the
to dedig tet

more accurate and detailed the information gained, pro-
vided the patron asked can and wants to illuminate the

facture (local spirits only have local answers, for example).

« Command Spirit (Level Two) -——~ As the Theurge Gift.

- Ghose Speech {Level Three) — Asthe Level Three
Kitsune Gifs"

* Namie the Spirit (evel Two) — As the lupus Gift:

« Sight from Beyond (Level Two) -——As the Theurge Gift.

* Exorcism (Level Three) —— As the Theurge Gift.

* Pulse of the Invisible (Level Three) —- As the
Theurge Gift.

* Spirit Ward (Level Three) — As the homid Gift.

* Swarm of Servants (Level Three) —-From the fur of
his taila Doshican summon tiny vermin ro serve him. Mice,
lice, beetles, frogs, etc. can all be called. The spirits of these
creatures teach this Gift.

System: The player spends one Willpower and rolls
Sramina + Occult (difficulry.8). Each success® calls 25
vermin that are under the Doshi's control. The swarm must
stay within.2O feet of the Fox and can harass foes (-1. to
victim's Dice pool per 25 creatures) and can perform simple
tasks (at Strength 1 per every 10 creatures).

* By the Light of the Moon (Level Four) -—— The
Kirsuné can.see any hidden creature by moonlight, includ-
ing obfuscated, invisible, spirits in the Penumbra, mages,
hengeyokai, changelings and anything else attempting to
hide. Owl and bat-spirits teach the Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Perception + Alertness. The Storyteller sets the difficulty

|


based on distance, physical barriers, crowds, etc. that could
block the view. The effect lasts until moon set, but the Fox
must roll each-time she wants to find another hidden
creature.
* Grasp the Beyond (Level Four) —— As the Theurge Gift.
« Spirit Drain (Level Four) —~ As the Theurge Gift.
© Feral Lobotomy (Level Five) —~As the Theurge Gift.

* Malleable Spirit (Level Five) —_ As the Theurge Gift,

© Seal of Inari (Level Five) — Using this Git
sorcerer can secretly "brand" any shen or mortal he enco
ters with sigils only Kitsune can see. These may be warnings,
death marks, requests for help and such. Even coverings do

not conceal the ghostly marks so long as the bear ex's: head ise

epiphlings teach this Gift. D
Doshi.

ficulry 8). For each success, het may anscribe one character of

his choice on the recipient. Orher Kitsune see the séal
oe difficulty and usually act in accordance. |

GE Cie

* Resist Pain (Level One) ——~ ASE Pe Hlodox Gift.

*- Sense Hostility (Lével Qne) : _The Eji can sense
hostile beings within 100 feer | :

System: The player rolls Per pisa + Alereness (dif
culty 6). The Gift must be actively used: to be effectis 5
not "danger sense.'

* Bolt (Level Two) —=The Kitsune can call on great =

elemerital forces to use against his foes. A lethal boirof
lightning, wind, fire or other force strikes thg Semy- El-
emental spirits teach this Gift.

System: The player spends orie Rage, domme ‘and rolls
Dexterity + Occult, difficulty 6. The targertakes aggravated
damage equal to the number of successes strolled; the range is
50 yards.

* Enduring Warrior (Level Two) - - Ejiusing this Gift
heal just like their hengeyokai cousins. The Gift is taught by
a bear-spirit.

System: The player spends one point of Rage. She then
recovers one health level per turn as do Garou. The effect
lasts for one scene.

* Sense of the Prey (Level Two) —~As the Ragabash Gift.

© Spirit of the Fray (Level Two)-— As the Ahroun Gitt:

* Call of the Dead (Levél Three) — The Kitsune's
atcunément to Yin allows them to disrupt the vital ener-
gies of the living with just a touch: This exposure to the
Dark Umbra causes chills,confusion and possible damage
to living beings. Water and cold spirits teach this uncom-
mon Gift.

System: The player spends one Rage and one Gnosis
point and rolls Stamina-'+ Occult (difficulty 8). Arimals

Se se ees en ee een ee es ee

«Kuei-jin do not._

Cineluding humans), halfway creatures like hengeyokai and
changelings, and Yang Realm spirits suffer damage as charted
below. The victim loses health levels to the extreme reached
on che chart regardless of their Stamina; the effects are
lerhal damage, but become aggravated at higher levels. Yin
creatures and spirits are mot harmed; they may even be
strengthened or healed. Kindred of Humanity 6 or higher
and Yang aspected Kuei-jin take damage. Yin aspected

Jierim is' functional, but may have heacl-aches,
joint pain, chills and difficulty concentrating
_O/illpower roll co continue any Complex men-
tal or difficult physical activities successfully).
Victim is Injured, experiencing fevers, sprains
and cramps.
Victim is Wounded. Convulsions wrack his
body as his muscles tear his body apart.
Victim is Crippled. Hypothermia and seizures
cur. Humans willlikely die at the end of this
time if left unaided. Sturdier creatures such as
| vampires and Garou are only Wounded, bur
_ the damage is aggravated.
Victim is Crippled with aggravated damage:
Humans die instantly.
* "Song of Fear (Level: Three):—- The Kitsune has

| enough control over her fear-that she can throw her fox
frenzy off onto someone else. Garou and similar berserkers
will be most unhappy should such be used on them. Enemies
| redét with: undying vengeance. Allies, even if the Fox saved
"heir lives

by forcing them.to flee may seek retribution or
break ‘off contact from the Fox who used them thus. This
Gift is taught by hare-spirits.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Intimidation,
difficulty equals the target's Willpower. Each success sends
the recipient into flight for one turn.

« Weak Arm (Level Three) -— As the Philodox Gift.

* Elemental Meld (Level Four) — This Gift allows the
Eji to transform into any physical element (earth, water, fire
or air), allowing her to merge with and move through that
element. It can serve asa vehicle for scouting or escape..On
attaining rank five, the Kirsune can change into secondary
elements (mist, electricity, moonlight, etc.)... Elemental
spirits teach the Gift.

System: The Kitsune spends a point of Gnosis and
rolls Manipulation + Gnosis (difficulty 8). He must be in
contact with the desired element to change and changes
on contact so he takes no harm from ones such as fire or
lightning. He reverts to his natiiral form on leaving the
element. When taking the new form, the Kitsune gains its
immunities (water is bullet proof, air-can escape from
anything except hermetically sealed containment) and
limitation. (water can be frozen, fire needs oxygen). His
body remains the same size and in one piece but candistort

Chapter Two: Those who Change 107

=|
:

t

Clattening, stretching, etc.) to avoid obstacles. Move-
ment is at the Kitsune's normal rate.

Silver, radioactivity and toxic waste harm him as nor-
mal and will bar his progress. Kitsune may not become one
with radioactivity or toxic waste without joining the Wyrm.
While merged, the Nine-tails is hard to detect. Observers
need enhanced senses and a successful Perception + Alert-
ness roll (difficulty 9) to spot him.

* Sorcerous Bite (Level Four) —— The Kitsun
transform his teeth into any substance he wills; silv:
jade are most commonly chosen. The teeth are uncom
monly strong régardless of the substance chosen. Elemental
spirits teaches this Gift.

System: The player spetids a Gnosis
Starnina. + .Primal-Urge. Silve:
Kitsune by their mere prese

does two dice of aeerovaved d:
bite and one body slam pert e
their creators; if the Kits .
ally, it disappears. Eji a
thus concentrating: Regardless, the creature vanis
end of the scene or when it loses all its health le
time the dragon loses a health level, it loses,
length until it is entirely gone.

* Fire lomunity (Level Five) — As the & 1roun 2 Gift:
Kiss of Helios. : :

PRED RLEE CIE

© Blur of the Milky Eye (Level One) —~ As the
Ragabash Gift.

© Clear the Mind (Level Oné) —— As the Children of
Gaia Gift: Calm.

* Mother's Touch (Level One) — As the Theurge Gift.

* Open Seal (Level One) ——~ As the Ragabash Gift.

* Dreamspeak (Level Two) —~ As the Galliard Gitt.

* Fan-Shadow-Robe (Level Two) — The Kitsune can
change her appearance. This does not give perfect imagery;
the Fox cannot exactly duplicate someone else's appear-
ance, reproduce complicated patterns, garments or equip-
ment (uniforms, etc.) and doesn't hide her actions.
Chimerlings and illusion-spirits teach this Gift.

System: The player rolls Manipulation' + Empathy
versus the target's Willpower. There is no limit on how
many beings may be. affected... However, the fewer the

108 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

i ——————— as LL

witnesses, the fewer chances for oné to see through the
disguise. This lasts for one scene.

© Silver Tongue (Level Two) — As the Fianna Gift:
Glib Tongue.

© Taking the Forgotten (Level Two) -—— As the
Ragabash Gift.
© Distant Whispers (Level Three) -— As the Shinju Gift.
ba Ebisu' s Fingers (Level Three) —- As the Ragabash
: i the-Shinto luck god and patron of
machines taking work from honest
laborers; this Gift gives it back.

he Shadow-Fan-Flowers (Level Three) —— As the
our Kirsune Gift.
Aoon-Fan-Face-Shadow (Level Four) —— As the
Jalker Gift: Doppelganger.

© Madness (Level Five) -~— As the metis Gift.
© Violation (Level Five) —~ As the Ragabash Gift.

lb to way ‘onlookers. By telling an appropriate
singing a particular song, she can plant a suggestion
ids and hearts of listeners. Bird-spirits (in particu-
ishtingale) teach this Gift.

, System: The player spends a Willpower point and rolls
Manipulation + Empathy to plant afaint compulsion {about
as strong as a song that. won't leave .a person's head).
Listeners Gre influenced for a number of days equal to the
Wine-Fail's Manipulati6n.Rerformance dice pool. The
Gift does not work if targets are forced to listen or when the
Kitsune is not in the same room or area. Recordings and
broadcasts are inéffective.

* Mindspeak (Level One) —— As the Galliard Gift.

* Truth of Gaia (Level One) — As the Philodox Gift:

© Centipede's Beckoning (Level Two) -—~— As the
Galliard Gift: Call of the Wyrm.

© Distractions (Level Two) —— As the Galliard Gift.

© Lore (Lewel Two) =~ The Kitsune can access the
memories of ocher bards, living or dead, to find out infor-
mation. Similar to Wisdom of the Ancient Ways, this
brings forth stories, riddles, songs and such rather than
obviously useful things. The Gift is raught by tortoise or
elephanct-spirits.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Rituals.‘ The
Storyteller sets the difficulty to-reflect the information's
relative obscurity. The Fox must have had personal contact
with the subject (memory, sight, touch, etc.) or the Gift fails
to work.

* Tongues (Level Two)-— As the Level Three Kojin Gift.

* Seek (Level Three) —— The Gift opens communica-
tion with local spirits so the Kitsune may ask for a single
individual's location. Spirits answer correctly if they can;

S|


should the individual be béyond their territory, they admit
such. The spirits of predatory animals teach this Gift.
System: ‘The Gift requires the expenditure of a Griosis
point to reach the spirit required. This sacrifice is waived if
the Kitsune is currently in that spirit's presence or shrine.
The'player rolls Wits + Occult, difficulty. 6.
© Silence-(Level Three) ~~ Kitsune may silence an

area so that no sound whatsoever may be heard. Lake and_

mountain-spirits teach this Gift.

System: The player spends two Gnosis points and roll:
Manipulation + Stealth, difficulty 8. The area affected is 5 yards
in radius per success. Any Gifts or actions that require sound to
work will call the nwo users to make a resisted Gnos
and similar a appropriate rolls can. ibe made ifthe op

him. forward. to his doom Ee | by the voice's
Nightingale and snake-spirits teach this Gift.
System: ‘The play,

the first o ones expire, ‘but need experi
Kitsune leaves, the spell ends, whe

by ancestor-spirits.

System: The player spends a Willpowe intand rolls
Gnosis +Empathy, difficulty 8 .to-esta lish contact. To
communicate the deceased's memories.to the audience, the
Kitsune rolls Manipulation + Performance, difficulty 6. The
more successes, the better it' comes*across. The Gift works
only on the dead who have retained some semblance of
themselves (hengeyokai ancéstors, wraiths, Spectres, and
all manner of hungry ghosts). Ie cannot call up the living,
including asoul that has reincarnated. It might call upaKin-
jin or Kuei-jin if the Kataribe is rank five or more. Their
bodies do-not go with their spirits and return unharmed at
scene's end, though this may cause such beings great anger.

« Shadows by the Firelight (Level Four) — As the
Galliard Gift.

e Assimilation (Level Five) ——~ As the homid Gift.

® Fabric of the Mind (Level Five) —- As the Galliard Gift.

er
Few Kitstine-created rites exist. The Foxes are a rela-
tively young Changing Breed, and are more than happy to

Se se ees en rene een Pee ee

The O uawing tft au

borrow rites from other hengeyokai and other sources "and
adapt them to their own needs. Kitsune express flattering
(and usually sincere) admiration and respect for other shen's
customs. Though this doesn't gain them access to the others'
most secret rites, they have learned many lesser rituals
through this tactic. Consider Nine-tails to have potential
access to first and second level rites of the less reclusive
hengeyokai. Some who have good reasons (sentai members,
empa of another Breed) may learm more ad-

ace Of their allies, _ where the

Level One-

hich may not always be in the form of a First
t.exclusive to the Kitsune, as they teach it
a Kir needs the rite before an

plaining the Kit's hovinace and the role he is to play.
System: The ritemaster rolls Charisma + Rituals (dif-

‘Level Three.
This rite is similar to the Beast Court's Rité of the
Opened Way. Foxes use the power of the four directions to
celebrate a new Kit's choice of Path. The Rite is always
performed in a transitional area, with -a crossroads being
most auspicious.. Bridges overrunning streams, gates and
even doorways work as well. The riternaster purifies the kit,
then brings her to the site of the ritual. There, afrer making
Obeisance to the Emerald Mother, the Silver Lady, Bai
Mianxi and prince Inari, the ritemaster asks all four for their
blessing on the new Ninetail's arrival into adulthood.

The ritemaster lays out four bowls before the kit, one in
each direction. The Kit sees each bowl as being filled with
one of the four Path élements~— clay, lightning, lava or mist.
The kit reaches into the proper bowl, choosing her Path.
‘Although this can be painful for new Eji or Doshi,. the
fledgling takes no permanent damage. Once the choice is
made and the young one's paws drip with the element of her
path, the Ritemaster ends the Rite, taking the new Yakonto
her training.

System: The ricemaster rolls Charisma + Rituals (dif-
ficulty 6). The Kit is officially Rank One at the end of the
Rite. lr is considered to be a great honor to perform the rite.

Chapter Two: Those Who Change 109

— PY LEI

4
t

Successfully sponsoring a new Kitsiine grants the'ritemaster
two points of temporary Toku (Honor).

Stercotypar (Cosrtevas)

Miyoke, Kitsune Kataribe speaks concerning her fellow shen:
Boli Zoubisze: As yet, these wolf changers have not
recognized the need for allies beyond their own kind. We
foresee that the day fast approaches when they must accept
the Beast Courts' offer of assistance. :

their own virtue, they are honorable... We work well tor
gether, cormplementing one another's skills. :
Khan: They are too certain of their own importance, yet

humbled them through the destruction of many of |
Kin. Aid the Khan lest there,one day be none left te assis .
Kamo: Evil and depraved, t

wiles (and they are clever) thet 4 vengeful poisons may well
fill your veins.

ed zs

Hiakken: Though they are perhaps too enamofed of

they are a noble and good people. The Fifth: Age ha: seedy

= foul. creatures may be
set against other enemies, bur should they discover your.

De n0f WOrLg, Har, ‘Y07 RAIL eet be 4 atts

Nagah: We do not'speak of the Nagah. We have our
reasons, though others do not understand them.

Nezumi: Ratkin: We are.not so troubled by their
actions as many other hengeyokai. They are not afraid to dig
up excrement to find rhe ror beneath it.

Same-Bito: The weresharks fiercely guard the waters
and keep the seas free of Yomi. For this we honor them.

Stargazers: Though led astray at one time, these wolf-
changers: have-returned:-to.their proper place among the
sast Courts and shen of Asia. We canonly applaud their

_ good sense and wish other Garou were half so wise.

TenguyOur friends, full of information and gossip that

dey share with us. Keep your ears open and you will learn

ch. reat them well and your reward will be self-evident.
Zhong Lung: Even if you are the most proud Kitsune to

le the Middle Kingdom you should bow before the

tertible might of the Middle Dragons. We pray that no more
| turn to Yomi and assist the remaining dragons as we may.

Meares you fo tee rae F OWE bob
la pe yal SEPIA, CO.

110 Players Guide fo the Changing Breeds

LE LE LT ET A


=

See ere

Mokolé

Naked, Jacob is supremely happy. Though human in form, at
least for now, his arms and legs slide joyously through a puddle of
mud, reveling in the primal pleasure of the warm earth and hot sun.
His clutchmatre , Wallowing-Pride, prefers her experiences filtered
through reptilian scales. She soaks up the sunshine of the Nevada
desert while perched on a pristine boulder. Granted, Jacob' s activities
would look a little suspicious to a passing stranger, but in the warm.
noonday sun, danger is the last the last thing on his mind...

_ until shots are fired.

"Shit!" the naked man reflexively screarns . Bullets ricochet off
Wallowing's boulder, for reasons too esoteric for the lizard to guess.
The sounds seem like semi-automatic fire, at least to human ears.
Two men ina Range Rover have taken up position fifty feet away,
parked in the middle of nowhere. Chrome and mirrorshades reflect
the glorious desertsunlight. Inacurious display of fascistidiocy, one
of the men shouts, "DON'T MOVE!" :

Famous last words.

Ina blur of tiation, Jacob leaps fromthe mud, like a crocod
bolting from a riverbat

as his ad Ale conzein|
ricocheting off his

ated don't have tt present thelr credentials. Their highly
trained minds instantly go slack with fear. They might as well be
monkeys. Within heartbeats, .a five-hundred- pound behemoth
defying reason and resistancé slams into the Range Rover. A
sickening aluminum-can crunch signifies the lost integrity of the
car's internal components.

The two men fumble to use their M-165 as clubs, blissfully
oblivious to the real threat: the scurrying monitor lizard that's
used this brief diversion to run under the car..The lizard's jaw
chews silently on hissed words, forming the verbs of an antedilu-
vian Draconic language. In-a forked arid spiritual tongue,
Wallowing commands unseen spirits to infest the .electrical
system. As the incantation ends, Jacob and Waliowing quickly
withdraw —— as the car's engine sparks and spnatters.

The car continues ta rock from the impact. Its ruptured gas
tank pools petroleum around the base of the Range Rover. How
ironic. Millermia ago, that fluid on the desert sand came from a
dinosaur, an extinct species. This human world, how long will it
survive before it goes extinct? How much longer until the Old
Ones that stalked the Earth return?

Aspark. A flarne. A fireball. Jacob arid Wallowing are suffused
avith warmth as the incendiary blast clears two more humans from the

k—— literally, as his Fiman legs waddle a cd

_ wildernes
humans nevergknew. Modern: descendents of the Lizard
_ Kings, vase and disparate inheritors of forgotten genetic
~ legacies, remember what the world was like when the Earth

Ll ——

gene pool. Another pleasant memory for their descendants to recall
after the Age of Man ends. The body that's been thrown clear is lightly
singed, but meat is meat. Jacob and Wallowing feast.

"egerral

From an-early age, schoolchildren know that monsters

the Earths Hundreds of millions of years ago, scientists
affirm, the world we kitiow served as the spawning grounds
for titahic reptilian predators... We are told massive cata-
clysms wiped their kind from the Earth — though science is
helpless to deduce.exactly what force was responsible.
Mankind's history is buta moment compared to the pageant
of evolution, and there are histories far older than mankind.
Before humam history, before science, life thrived in mil-

dions of exotic forms, mosttindocumented in the relatively
_brief annals of human civilization. Before Man walked,
Things roamed the Earth.

The andient legends have not beer forgotren. Slither-
ities stalking, | and stomping in the unseen places of rhe
veptilian shapeshifters remémber monstrous forms

was young and untroubled by men. They are the Earth
Miother's memory, shapeshifting reptiles and crocodilians
hiding atavistic traits scavenged from lost paths of. eveliition.

The troubled histories Of other Changing Breeds are
the blink of a nictitating membrane to the Mokolé. Their
numbers have dwindled for centuries, as they hid in the
darkest corners of the wilderness. But now, in .the Final
Days, an orgy of reptilian reproduction has gradually in-
creased their numbers and secured their territories. As man's
world dies, the Mokolé are slowly returning to the world.

Don't bother seeking for some Lost World where dino-
saurs have survived extinction; it's amyth distorting the real
truth. The Mokolé are more common than you may think.
Descendants of dinosaurs have devolved into more reptilian
forms, surviving as alligators and crocodiles, monitor lizards
and Gila monsters, gavials, caimans, a
stranger things that furtively spawn in the shadows. Too few
to form tribes, the survivors of this evolutionary pageant
have gathered in four major streams.-And throughout their
epic existence, murkier tributaries and rivulets have seeped
into the forgotten corners of the Earth —— genetic well-
springs that time has overlooked.

Preserving the mitochondrial memories of untold ages,
the Mokolé cam. not only assume human form, but also
masquerade as reptilian and crocodilian species mankind

CAapter Two: Those Wiho Change 211

SS I ———— rN

~<|
t

has cataloged and ‘classified. Yet when weresaurians take
their true forms, they shift into shapes only the Mokolé can
dream of —~- warrior forms so horrific that rio two are quite
the same. Unprepared human minds cannot cope with the
sight of these genetic terrors: atavistic.shapes blending
scales smooth or scaly, jaws dripping with venom or jagged
with toothy maws, lizards scurrying on tiny stumps or thun-
dering like shibboleths and behemoths. Dwelling outside
the sane classifications of known science, they dream of
their mythic and legendary origins. Here there be dragons——
or pieces of them, if only in a wing here, or a talon there...)
Ina time before time, these draconic descendents were
not plagued with genetic madness. When dinosaurs walked
the Earth in great numbers, the greatest among them were
Lizard Kings: emperors of lands that time forgot. The first
great saurian kings were shapeshifters blessed by the Earth
Mother. Theydid not
take human form
—- because there
were no hu-
mans then .-——
but they did
make tools, and
build a civi-
lization from
nothing.

No one Mokolé remembers this era pérfectly. Their
collective memories are reflections of a thousand. Things
that thrived, that died, or that never survived. Dreaming as
dragons do, they recall creatures that walked on two legs, or
four, or six, beings thar fashioned objects with dexterous
claws, feathered paws, and myriad clumsy scaled append-
ages... Worshipping the warm sun, they reverently raised
towers of mud and. meat to the heavens. Fearing the pale
moon, they enacted strarige and shamanistic rites around
cold menhirs at midnight. Like the Mokolé's true forms,
these tales are patchwork abominations, combining things
that were, never were, and never should have been.

According to legend, the firss Mokolé walked in three
forms: the reptilian Devisor shape, the saurian Dissolver shape,
and the drachid Designer shape. A thousand different Designer
shapes flourished, most with wings and articulate talons. Gaia
experimented with endless combinations, as Her first-born
slinked out of the genetic soup of primeval seas..Kingdoms
warred to prove their superiority, destroying all evolutionary
tivals, until the-Lizard Kings arose from the wastelands of
carrion left behind. Once dinosaurs ruled the Earth, but with
the changing of ages, even the greatest empires can fall... and
what has happened once can happen again.

A hedge tf Sie

Nooné knows why the Mokolé's kingdoms fell. Perhaps
the tyrannical Lizard Kings grew too proud, attracting Gaia's
wrath. Maybe She grew tired of the saurian kings' oppression
of lesser creatures, turning Her atrention. to mammalian
worshipers. It may be that Gaia loved all living things, and
the dinosaur emperors hatred what they could not control.
Masters of Mnesis -— the keepers of memories —~ know that
the Mokolé raised their monstrous voices to the Sun in their
prayers, while the other creatures of the Earth hid from
saurian screams. The Sun did not forsake the Mokolé, bur
something from the stars, it is said, drastically changed the
course of their evolution. .

When the Old Ones passed fromthe world, ocher Chang-
ing Breeds rose to dominate the Earth. Mokolé sages believed
that once the weresaurians were the only shapechangers on
the planet, but as Gaia's favor changed, She created mamma-
lian shapeshifrers as well. As the sages say, Gaia made the first
humans as breeding stock, so that all of the Fera could survive.
Half-breed offspring served as their Kinfolk, preserving the
living legacies of the Changing Breeds in their
genes. The Mokolé had their Kinfolk ‘as well,
humans who had worshipped the Lizard Kings
for generations: Othercivilizations

: grew, with other beasts as
oo .. rulers... and men-as their
* yg slaves.

The many Fera could
have shared the Earth, but
they warred for perry and
primal reasons, contestingfor
territory, herds of breeding

|

stock, of foolish pride. The most térritorial shapeshifters were
the Garou, werewolves who waged war against all the other
Fera. Mokolé who took huge and monstrous forms were easy
targets for wolf packs, but those that took the form of lesser
saurians and reptiles could hide in the shadowy places of rhe
Earth. If the other Fera had allied against the Garou, these
"Wars of Rage" could have been averted, but instead, it cleared
the way for the rise of the werewolf tribes. By the time that
mankind waged war against the Garou, ‘the Mokolé had
become relics of an older time, their greatest history left only as
memories ——~ Mokolé memories.

Man tulesnow where Beasts ruled once. For the sauri-
ans, the only true civilizations died out millennia ago. The
world of today is not made in their image —~ it is an
abomination a lésser race dominates. For most Changing
Breeds, the Apocalypse represents the end of the world, or
at least the end of human civilization. But the Mokolé know:
the Old Ones were, and when the cities of Men have been
laid low, the Old Ones will rule again. They have no need
to bring about the end of the human wérld — only to wait,
patient and potent, for human civilization to fall. Spawning

ment, and the W
of what was,.and'4
will emerge from,

survived an‘Apox
(see Wonder-W

Béte: Non-Mokolé shapeshifters.

Clutch: A social grouping of Mokolé, usually a family.
Most guard and defend breeding grounds.

Designer: The shaper of Life (known ro Garou as the
Weaver). She has helped build up mankind's civilization,
which is destined to fall.

Devisor: The source of all creative power (known to
Garou.as the Wyld)..It is responsible for many freakish
innovations in the Mokolé's evolutionary pageant, and it
can awaken maddening and now alien memories of those
other times.

Dissolver: The Unmaker of Life (known to Garou as the
Wyrm). With each Apocalypse, the Dissolver has laid a civili-
zation lowse that the Devisorcouldcreareanewone.Eachtime,
the Designer shapes the creation into a form the Devisor did not
intend... and Dissolver lusts to tear it down again.

Drachid: The "lost" toolmaker form of the Mokolé, the
shape of the Lizard Kings. Since the Apocalypse thar de-
stroyed their Kingdoms, no Mokolé has been able to assume
this form. Some believe that there were many such forms,

er see ne ers en ee Ee me

Mokolé can transform,

because no One can fully agree of what the original Drachid
form looked like.

Dragon's Dream: Mokolé dream' of a: time when
weresaurians ruled the Earth, although some cannot agree
which parts of these dreams are actually real. The latest
generation of their kind has begun to dream of a new age,a
time when mankind's civilization will fall, and the lost races
of the Mokolé will return to the world.

Innocents: The ghosts of the deformed and stillborn
children created when two Mokolé mate. They haunt the
Umbra, seeking vengeance against all living Mokolé.

Mnoesis: The ancestral memories of the Mokolé..Each
stream (see below) usually has related dreams, but all of them
include children who share the Dragon's Dream (see above).

Stream: An interwoven group of relared Mnesis blood-
lines native to a specific area. Not "tribes" as such; more
relatives that have grown apart.

Suchid: When capitalized, the reptilian form of a
Mokolé. When-not capitalized, a Mokolé born from ‘two
reptilian parents.

Varna: The species of, xeptile into which an individual

Wallow: A hdime tor suchid breed Mokolé and other
crocodiliansorre es.

2 The Arocalypse that ended the civi-
> human scientists as
"which occurred

ago. Their dreamsspeak to them of impossible times ofsaurian
supremacy, but in the modern world, they maintain modest
places where they can hide, spawning enough hatchlings to
perpetuate their race. These breéding grounds are known as
wallows, homes for the human and reptilian shapes they take.

Most wallows evolve in places where humans and reptiles
can live side by side: alligator farms in Florida, ruined temples
to forgorten gods in India and along the Nile, riverside fishing
commumities in China, isolared hor springs in the Australian
outback, and many similar locales. Such places are few and very
far between. Mokolé know that there are some wallows where
human forms are never taken, but such places have thoroughly
isolared themselves from human society.

Wherever intelligent living things gather, a commu-
nity emerges. Weresaurians form small, moderately social
clans called clurches. Two clutches may harbor grudges and
petty rivalries for generations, sometimes warring over
misperceived slights, but for all of them, survival is their
chief concern. When two clutches fight, they do it not to kill
each other, but to injure and shame their enemies enough to
cemporarily delay further conflict. This preserves their num-
bers, but rarely eliminates the rivalries between clutches.

CAapter Two: Those Who Change 113

ae SE NT


A healthy, fnctional clurch depends on the relationships
between the different aspects (or "auspices") of Mokolé society.

In the West,.a grouping that contairis representatives of all.

seven aspects is known asa "perfect clutch" —~ an extremely
rare occurrence: Some young weresaurians venture into the
world specifically to form a perfect clutch, for there are legends
anc prophecies of what such groups can accomplish. A group
that includes five auspices is known asan "imperfect clurch" —
these are becoming increasingly more common as more young
heroes leave isolared clutches to change history.
The Atokolé Today

In recent years, more Mokolé young have felt the urge to
claim new breeding grounds. Some cautiously venture into
the human world in search of signs of when the Dragon's
Dream will become real. Increased nurmbers and curiosity
have, of course, attracted the atrention oforhershapechangers,
including the Garou. Mokolé have long memories, and they
are fanatic about keeping their breeding grounds safe from
other shapechangers, including those who do not uriderstand
the subtle forms of conflict that exist between clutches.

When Mokolé must interact withthe Béte, they do it
far from their wallows —~ preferably in a locarion that gives
them some kindof tactical advanragé-: As Curious Garou and

other shifters begin. to learn more about the Mokoleé, the |
_ Many elders.of, the ‘

steadily increase
co's s survival depends: on bh

need for violence.
streams believe their
breeding; idealistic

ding | an

side with Gne aspect of the Dissolver, Designer, or
Devisor) to help: Shape history, though most clutches work
for balance betwee three forces. The latest generation
of Mokolé do mote witness history; they want to creare
ic, for they claim a new age is ar hand.

SPUIL

A Mokoleé's Rage is determined by his varna (the reptilian
form: he can assume); breed derermines Gnosis; W/illpower is
derermined by auspice. In addition, all share the following traits:

Mokolé regenerate wounds at the same rate as Garou,
following the standard rules for healing and regeneration.
However, Mokolé, as créatures of both Sun and Moon, are
harmed by gold and silver in the same way that Garou are
harmed by silver.

AL Mokolé instinctively share a common. language,
the lingua draconis spoken by all Lizard Kings in the time
before time. Mnesis memories reveal the simplest parts of
this language when a Mokolé undergoes its First Change.
They refer to this language as the Dragon's Tongue.

Mokolé cannot enter the spirit worlds of the Umbra with-
out assistance; that is, without specific Gifts thar allow them toa
cross the Gaumntlerc. In the spirit world, a few saurian spirit-paths
lead to the High Umbra, a realm of abstractions and high ideals.
There, mystics may contemplare places thar never were, but

114 Players

Guide fo the Changing Breeds

OE Le Es i a A

could have been — imaginary realms where the Tyrant Kings
continued to evolve. In recenr years, the Pangaea Realm and
Legendary Realm have become gathering places for Mokolé.

Asrccd

Mokolé only have two breéds: homid and suchid. One
form comes from the human world; the other slinks from the
realms of reptiles:

Although metis Mokolé can be éonceived, they die
béfore birth, often right after conception. In the womb, they
are unable to dream their Archid forms —~ what would be
their birth forms
and therefore cannot develop true bodies. Saurian mystics
believe chat the strongest souls of the departed linger on in
the spirit world. With motivations both reptilian and infan-
tile, a precious few are capable of briefly taking physical
forms.. The baser multitude spawn unseen in' unknown
dimensions, for what purpose even the mystics dare not
guess..For now,-it's enough to say there are terrors in the
world greater tharrthe Mokoleé.

*® Homid: Ahomid Mokolé's erhniciry usually depends
on its stream. Mokolé-mbembe walk among humans in the

| Americas and Africa, from the streets of the first world to the

rainforests and jungles of the third world. Fera who think

Indian Makara, Aboriginal Gumagan, and Asian Zhong
oey.find the stereotypes they seek. However, just
Bs | nations are. culturally diverse; a stream is not limited to
any one ethnic group. As: the End Times approach, unex-
pected indiv duals aré awakening to the Dragon's Dream,
rediscovering their reptilian. heritage.

Beginning 1c 2

* Suchid: A ‘suchid Motole is harch d froma reptile egg.
Civilized homids consider the suchids' views on their world to
be straightforward, brutal, and at its basest, crudely laced with
self-interest. In actuality, suchid are capable ofsubtler thoughts
than mere "slaying and breeding" (or "fighting and fucking")-
When in throes of reptilian Frenzy, however, immediate
gratification of the id and ego are a suchid's primary concerns,
confirming the breed's base reputation.

Beginning Gnosis: 4
SCHL

Stories of Lizards Kings stalking the primeval wilder-
ness are ancient legends. In the modern world, four streams
of Mokolé flow from that primal source. In the distant time
before time, the disparate continents of the Earth were
united in one continent: Pangaea. With continental drift,
the streams have become separated from each other, iso-
lated and flooded in their own genetic pools.

Africa and the Americas are the now stalking grounds of
the Mokolé-mbembe, the Stream of the Fighters. They are by
far the largest of the four streams, and as the End Times
approach, their numbers are steadily growing. Decades ago,
they were rarely sighted by other shapechangers outside the
depths of the Amazon Rainforest; now a more diverse variety

|


ofhurnans have awakened to the Dragon's Dream. The stréarn's
most common suchid forms are as alligators and crocodilians
(including the American crocodile and Nile crocodile), bura
few take the shapes of caimans or Gila monsters.

Australia and Oceania. are the homelands: of the
Gumagan,.a stream represented primarily by Aborigines
and Melanesians. Known as the Stream of the Forerunners,
they are known for their insights into the spiric world,
particularly the Dreamtime. Unlike the other streams, all
Gumagan are capable of entering the Umbra: They are
known fortheit extensive ahd primeval Mnesis: their memo-
ries of the earliest days of the Earth..In Suchid form, most
take the shapes of saltwater crocodiles or perenry monitors.

The Indiansubcontinent serves as the spawning grounds
of the Makara, the Stream of the Folk.-Indian politics,
religion, and mysticism have heavily influenced this stream.
The seasons determine their four auspices, which are further
subdivided by the caste systerns of their homelands, so much
so that outsiders cannot hope.to unclerstand the finer
distinctions between rhem. In Suchid form, Makara typi-
cally assume the forms of gavials, mugger crocodiles, and
saltwater crocodiles.

Working with the other Asian Changing Breéds, the
Zhong Lung arédcnown as the Strear he Philosopher
Although they, eS inherited the, millennial Mnesis of

crocodiles, ands

Soft LTA CEL
Mokolé-mbembe and Gumagan recognize seven solar
auspices. For these streams, the time of day a Mokolé is born
determines his auspice. (For the Traits bestowed by the
seasonal auspices of the Makara and Zhong Lung see p.. 200)
© Rising Sun, Striking: Berween the reddening of the
éastern sky and noon, sunlight strikes at rhe heavens. Mokolé
born at this time of day excel as soldiers, hunters, explorers,
and seekers. They are fascinated by the present, especially in
times of danger, when they must live for the moment. In
dreams of such times, the sky reddens with the blood of their
foes, usually the same hue as the light of the rising sun.

Beginnirig Willpower: 3

Aspect Benefit: A Striking Mokolé has the option of
retolling his initiative once per scene. The character must
use the second result, regardless of whether it's higher or
lower than the first result.

* Noonday Sun,. Unshading: At high noon, the sur
reigris supreme over the Earth, seeing all. Mokolé born within
an hour of noon may inherit this aspect. (It is just as likely,
however, that one born slightly before noon will be Striking,

a

cured, iimseen foreé:

Chapter Two: Those who Change

or one born slightly after will be Warding.) Mosr either
become judges or enforcers of law (in its many forms) or gtiards
who patrol the areas surrounding wallows.. They are also
known as the Laws of the Sun, or the Will of the Crowned.

Beginning Willpower: 5

Benefit: Once per scene; the Unshading can subtract
one die from the dice pool of one of the following "creatures
of darkness": vampires, fornori, demons, Black Spirals, Spec-
tres, Nephandi, or Banes.

« Setting Sun; Warding: Asthesun séts, the wise ward
against evil hidder'in the growing darkness. Mokolé born
between noon-and sunset inherit this aspect, dreaming of
dangers hidden. in shadows. Many become guards, nurses,
healers, -or caretakers. They are usually better at taking
defensive -méasures than the more aggressive Rising and
Noonday Suns... When on the attack, they usually support
and heal their comrades.

Beginning Willpower: 3

Benefit: AWWarding gains an extra die to one dicé pool
while defending others, retreating, or following specific
orders. This benefit may be,used once per scene.

* Shrouded Sun;:Concealing: When the sun is ob-
theme against those who live in the
light. ShroudedSuns are born during the day, but only at
i is hidden. Most become mystics, teach-
: ‘scholars of secret Igiowledge. They are

ie or Srealth
rolls used to hide chomeele : persons.
This extra die may be used once pe

* Midnight Sun, Shining: When creatures of the sun
are born at night, strange and contradictory events occur.
Drawn to darkness, they burn with Helios' light Midnight
Suns are born between sunset and sunrise. They tend to love
puzzles and paradoxes.. Many act as poets, jokers, artists,
mythmakers; or guides to the dead.

Without the sun to guide them,.they follow other
sources of light, and other philosophies. All share the same
Benefit and begin play with the same beginning W/illpower,
but they are the most diverse of the seven "solar" aspects. In
fact; they are so diverse that they have their own three
"midnighe" aspects.

— Night-Suns aré born by moonlight, under Luna's
light: They seek Gifts from rhe moon, calling her the "Sun
of the Night." Ar the Storyteller's discretion, they can learn
Garou Gifts taught by Lunes or take Phoebe/Sokhta.as a
Totem (see Rage Across the Heavens).

—« Many-Suns are bortunder the stars. They often claim
that "every star is a sun," and thus insist that they are a

115

a ieee.


thousand times more blessed. They follow as mary paths to
truths as the stars thernselves, falling in love with wild ideas.

— No-Suns are bor: under the lightless sky, the most
mysterious aspect of all. They draw wisdom from the empty spaces
between stars, claiming that "light is sometimes darkness."

Beginning Willpower: 4

Benefit: Wher all is hopeless, a Midnight Sun shines with
courage. When a Shining Mokolé brings humor or courage in
the midst of a hopeless situation, the Storyteller may bestow an
extra die to be used on any onedice pool. The Sroryreller should
not grant this benefit more than once per scene.

* Decorated Suns, Gathering: When light gathers,
the sun is surrounded by a halo. Decorated Suns are born
when the sun is surrounded by rings, rays, or flares of light
(sometimes called "sundogs"); thus,-they are among the
tarest of the Mokolé. Orher aspects consider them list-
makers or busybodiies, but they see themselves as hardworking
organizers, coordinators, or matchmakers.

Younger Decorated Suns love to either draw a clutch
together or attach themselves to asuccessful clutch (which
would no doubt benefit from the expertise of a Gathering
Mokolé). The Crowning may reign, the Decorated Suns
claim, but the Gathering actually get things done. Some ag
actually effective t what they do.

priests of Mokolé ;
ing Mokolé, unk he acts as aryrant. The Crowning solicit
advice from the © aling, while depending on the Gath-
ering for their practical knowledge. Crowning characters
are rare enough that they should only be played with the
express permission of the Storyteller; their powers are cer-
tainly above that of other Mokolé.

Beginning Willpower: 5

Benefit: A Crowning born during a toral eclipse becomes
Jewel-Crowned, a high priest leading proper ceremonies of
worship to the sun. When the sun is shining, the character
pains oné extra die once per scene toapply to any one die roll.

A. Mokolé born during a. partial eclipse is Crescent-
Crowned, a warrior king destined to lead loyal followers into
barrle. During a scene when a battle occurs, the character
gains one extra die to apply ro any one die roll.

Tfan annular eclipse occurs during a Mokoleé's birth, the
child shall become a Unity King, forging alliances between
disparate clutches, inspiring great deeds, and amassing great
wealth. When involving herself in diplomacy or financial
dealing, the character gains one extra die to add to any one
Social dice pool once per scene.

A child born during the night of a linar eclipse shall
become one of the infamous "rascal kings," fared to be

116

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

i SL A

etd CPP af ALSIEE

The following characteristics are appropriate for a
Mokolé's Archid form:

© Armor: +2 Soak.

* Bladed Tail: Gains a tail lash maneuver (Str +2
aggravated damage, difficulty 7).

* Color Change: +1 difficulty to spot a Mokolé in
hiding.

e Constricting Coils: +3 dicé to attempts to
immobilize target.

* Fins: Double swimming speed.

* Gills: Fully amphibious.

¢ Grasping Hands: Normal mariual dexterity in
Archid form.

° Horn: Gains a gore maneuver (Str +2 -aggra-
vated damage, difficulty 7).

* Huge Size: Stamina +1, +2 damage to Body
Slam or Overbear attempts.

* Long Teeth: Bite damage isincreased toStrength +3.
: * Poison Sacs: May inject poison once per day on
a successful bite. tack; the victim must soak four
additional. dic: poison damage.
yal st: +2 to Social rolls involving Nagah

on dry land aré at.

Crownirig rather than Shining. Such legendary and reckless
heroes are known for ridiculous whims, deadly practical
jokes, and highly inspired ideas that may "save the day."
Once per scene, the Sroryteller may choose to award an
extra die to a dice pool related to an act of inspired lunacy.

Forrat

Mokolé have threé forms —~ they need no "others.
Shapechanging requires a Stamina + Primal-Urge roll,
difficulty 6 (regardless of form). Changing from Flomid to
Suchid (or back) requires twosuccesses. Changing to Archid
(or back) requires one. As usual, the shapeshiftercan assume
any form instantly by spending one Rage.

* Homid: This form is indistinguishable from an ordi-
nary human: The ethnicity in Homid form usually depends
on the creature's stream, although it is almost always froma
warm climate..As the End Times advance, the streams are
slowly becoming more culturally diverse.

* Archid: This intermediary form is an amalgam of the
Mokolé's genetic legacy. Reptilian and crocodilian creatures
are sometimes blended with behemoths that have been
forgotten, or never were. The form first appears toa potential


|

Mokolé in-his nightmares, but during the' First Change, it
becomes real in the waking world. The form usually resembles
an impossible dinosaur or dragon, or evena prehistoric reptile
(such as a preranodon or Archelon) or a sea serpent.

During character creation,-a player cam choose "en-
hancements" to the creature's Archid form. When. the
player knows his character's. final. Gnosis Trait, he can
purchase a number of points of Archid Characteristics equal
to the character's Gnosis. (Thus, a character with Gnosis 3
can choose 3 points of Archid Characteristics.) Some (where
specifically listed) may be. purchased multiple times. Of
course, approving the details of this form is left purely to the
discretion of the Sroryteller.

© Suchid: This is the reptilian or crocodilian forny of
the creature: Each stream consists of two or three specific
suchid forms, called "varna." Because of vastly different sizes
and body shapes, the Rage of a Mokolé is determined by its
varna. See the statistics sidebar for more details.

held Litt SILI

Strength +4, Dexterity «1, Stamina +4, Manipulation
~3, Appearance 0; causes Delirium, may bite and claw for
aggravated damage

Sbetid Lorri Soafpae

A Mokolé's stats for suchid form depends on its varna;
that is, the type of reptile ir becomes in this form. The
character's varna also determines its starting Rage.
Dlalpatee/Paisa: Str +2, Dex -1, Sta +3,.Man —?, Rage 4

American alligator/American crocodile

Note: Running speed is halved; swimming
speed equals Homid form's land speed.

Ora: Str +0, Dex +0, Sta +2, Man —4, Rage 5
Monitor lizards
Wote: Running

speed -same _as

Homid form;

sprincs are possible;

limited swimming.

Unktehi: Str —1,

Dex +0, Sta +1,

Man —3, Rage 5
Gila monsters

Se sane es ee ee Cs ee

Note: Half human running speed, cannot swim. Bite
inflicts Strength -1 damage.
Karna/Champsa: Str +3, Dex —2, Sta +3; Man —4; Rage 2
Saltwater and Nilé crocodiles
Gharial/Syrta: Str +1, Dex ~1,.Sta +3, Man —4, Rage 4
Gavials and caimans
Makara: Str +1,.Dex +0, Sta +2, Man +3, Rage 3
Mugger crocodiles

Le
Mokolé begin play with one aspect Gift and. one'éom-

mon Mokolé Gift. A weresaurian who spends time with
others of his stream may later learn "stream Gifts."
Conupson ATokate Coffe

* Falling Touch (Level: One) "As the Garou Gift.
Usually taught in dreams by the spirit of a Dinosaur King or
Bird King:

* Fatal Flaw (Level One) —~ As the Shadow Lofd Gift.

* Inspiration (Level One) —~ As the Ahroun Gift.

® Razor Claws (Level One) — As the Ahroun Gift;
only useable in -Archid form.

e Sense Dissolver (Level One) — As the metis Gift:
Sense Wyrm.

¢ Sight of the True Form (Level Oné) —~ As the
Garou Gift: Scent of the True Form; taught in dreams
by the spirits of Predator Kings.
¢ Speed of Thought (Level
One) —~ As the Silent Strider
Gift; but the Mokolé must
spend 2 Gnosis to acti-
vate this Gift (instead
of 1 Gnosis).


« Sense Gold (Level Two) —- As the Ahroun Gift:
Serise Silver, save that it detects the presence of gold.

© Silver Claws (Level Two) — As the Ahroun Gift.
There is no common "Gold Claws" Gift, because Mokolé do
not typically attack each other with the intent to kill.

¢ Sense Gold (Level Three) — As the Ahroun Gift:
Sénse Silver, save that ir detects the presence of gold.

° Walking Between Worlds (Level Three) —~‘The
creature can breach the Gauntlet and enter the Umbra just
as Garou can. Mokolé prefer pools of water to other reflec-
tive surfaces.

System: The Mokolé can step sideways as Garou do.

© Dragon's Breath (Level Three) —: The Mokolé can
spit fire; taught by Dragon himself.

System: The player spends one Rage and rolls Dexter-
ity + Brawl (difficulty 8); the flame inflicts rwo health levels
of aggravared damage. If the roll succeeds, rhe creature can
spend addirional Rage; each point spent inflicts two addi-
tional levels of aggravated damage.

* Attunement (Level Four) — Asthe Bone Gnawer Gift.

* Cocoon (Level Four) — As the Garou homid Gift;
used when a Mokoleé is sleeping the Sleep of the Dragon.

* Grasp the Beyond (Level Five) — Asthe Theurge Gift.

* Song of the Great Beast (Level Five). - Asthe tup
Gift. Usually tau to,.suchids by Dinosaur Kin
summon dinosaur Great Beasts.

Aiveg Sie ffs

pends'one Rage and rolls perma-
the target's Willpower. If the roll
is successful, the 1 reacts as though affected by De-
liriurn. Subtract the Humber of successes from the target's
Willpower before consulting the Delirium Charr. A super-
natural creature can spend a Willpower point to resist rhis
effect for one round; for another shapeshifter,. one W/ill-
power cancels the effecr for a scene. Even if the roll fails,
humans are affected normally.

* Eve of the Raptor (Levél One) —~ The creature can
sée for miles, as if the distance were a mere rwenry yards; this
Gift is taught by a bird-spirit, usually one known for its
atnazing eyesighr.

System: The player rolls Perception + Alertness (diffi-
culty 8). The number of successes equals rhe number of tniles
the character can see clearly, although it does nor grant the
abiliry to see through objects.

e Sense Silver (Level Two) -—— As'the Ahroun Gift.

* Paint the Meadows (Level Two) —— This peculiar
Gift allows the Mokolé to utter pitiable moans to lure prey
closer.

System: The player rolls Wits + Expression; the diffi-
éulry is either 5 or the target's Willpower (whichever is

118 Players

aughe bya' heoeo. "

Guide fo the Changing Breeds

OLE Ls A LT A

higher). For each success, the victim moves closet for one
turn; if the victim is harmed, the Gift's effects end.
* Combat Healing (Level Three) —-As the Ahroun Gift.
« Might of the Kings (Level Three) — As the Get of
Fenris Gift: Might of Thor.
* Scream of Gaia (Level Four) «— As the Gert of Fenris Gift.
* Wall of Granite (Level Five) —- As the Philodox Gift.

Neorg Siete Cis

© Truth of Olodumare (Level One) —- As the Garou
Gift: Truth of Gaia; traught by a sun-spirit.

* Sight of the "True Form (Level One) —= As the
common Gift.

Strength of Purpose (Level Two)—Asthe Philsdox Gift.

e Cali (Level Two) —~As the Children of Gaia Gift.

* Clear Mind (Level Three) —= This Gift encourages
clarity of thoughr, no matrer what the distractions; ir is
taught by a crow-spirit.

System: The. player spends one' or mére Willpower
points, then chooses.a Mental dice pool (such as Inrelli-

gence + Enigmas); each Willpower point spent adds one die

‘o that dice pool for the'temainder of rhe scene.
bd , apron" s Gaze (Level Three) — As the Fianna Gift:

° ‘Resist Pau de vel One) — As the Philodox Gift.
. Clap ‘of Th de evel. Awe) see AS > the Shadow
Lord Gift. /

* Paint the Meadow
Sun Gift.

* Might of the Kings (Level Threé) —— As the Get of
Fenris Gift: Might of Thor.

« Combat Healing (Level Three) —— As the Ahroun Gift.

* Clenched Jaw (Level Four) — As the Ahroun Gift.

* Flalo of the Sun (Level Five) — As the Children of
Gaia Gift.

Attell Sin Cofpe

* Darksight (Level One) —~ For the Mokolé using this
talent, the ambient light of the Penumbra illuminates the
physical world, even when darkness surrounds her. A moon-
spirit of some sorr teaches the Gift.

System: The player spends one Willpower; the effects
last for one scene. In cornplere darkness, the user can see
only the ourlines of his surroundings. In any other lighting
conditions, she sees as though the sun was shining.

* Lambent Flame (Level One) — As the Silvet Fang
Gift; taught by a fire-spirit or sun-spirit.

* Dreamspeak (Level Two) — Asthe Calliard Gift.

* Glib Tongue (Level Two) — As the Fianna Gift.

"(Level Tx oO) ae che Rising


* Invisibility (Level Three) — "As the Uktena Gift.

* Open Moon Bridge (Level Three} — As the Ragabash Gift.

* Fool's Luck (Level Four) —— This Gift grants a
temporary immunity to "bad luck."

System: The player spends one Gnosis; and rolls Gnosis
(difficulty 8). For the rest of the scene, each success allows
the creature to convert a botched roll into a failed roll.

* Take the True Form (Level Five) ——'As the Level
Four Philodox Gift.

Ske owed J tt CEE

© Mother's Touch (Level One) — As thé Theurge Gift.

e Spirit Speech (Level One) —~ As the Theurge Gift.

@ Sense Designer (Level One) —— As the meétis Gift: Sense
Wyrm, save that it detects the presence of Weaver-spirits.

* Sense Dissolver (Level One) —= As the metis Gift:
Sense Wyrin.

° Walking Between Worlds (Level Two) —- As the
Level Three common Gift.

* Send the Dream (Level Two) — As the Level Three
metis Gift: Mental Speech.

* Exorcism (Level Three} — As the Theurge Gift.

* Malleable Spirit (Level Five) "ess the Theurge Gift.
Lrvordted She Cif

© Persuasion (Level One) — AS th Gor
Gift; taught by a Snake-spiri :
* Mother's Touch. (Level ne As the hee Gi
"es Pilot Snake Geevel One) The pilot snake isknown
to Mokolé mystics as a helpful creature, eager to help find
shelter, wallowsj dri e water, or fresh meat. This Gift is
taught by a snake- os
System: The player rolls Gnosis and calls on Pilot Snake.
The Gift only works in a-place where snakes gather... The
difficulty in wilderness is 6; in sight of human works, it's 7; in
a park or suburb, it's 8; in a city, it's 9; near the Dissolver's
corruption, it's 10.The roll must score at least three successes,
unless pilot snakes'are mormally found in the area (in which
case, one success is required). It does not speak, but will guide
the mystic to any place that does not endanger itself, as long
as it's a place it knows (unlike, say, a Garou caern).

* Walking Between Worlds (Level Two) —~ As the
Level Three common Gift.

°-Reshape Object: (Level Three) — "As the Garou
homid Gift.

* Long Running (Level Three) —» Reduce the travel
time of a journey, whether on foot or in a vehicle.

System: The' player spends one Gnosis and rolls Dex-
terity + Athletics (or Drive, if driving) against the difficulty
of the local Gauntlet; each success reduces travel rime by
5%. The effects last for one day.

oe oe i IN

© Grasp the Beyond (Level Four) ~ Asthe Theurge Gift.

Chapter Two: Those Who Change

Sie EE EN

* Strength of the Dominator (Level Four) =~ As the
Shadow Lord Gift.
* Obedience (Level Five) —- As the Shadow Lord Gift.

* Aura of Confidence (Lével One) —— As the Shadow
Lord Gift; taught by the spirit of a Dinosaur King.

* Lambent Flame (Level One) -—— As the Silver Fang Gift.

* Walking Between Worlds (Level Two) —~.As the
Level ‘Three common Gift.

« Awe (Level Two) — As the Silver Fang Gift.

« Wrath of Dragon (Level Three) — As the Silver
Pang Gift: Wrath of Gaia.

* Eye of the Cobra (Level Three) —— As the Galliard Gift.

* Mastery (Level Four) —— As the Silver Fang Gift.

* Stop Continental Drift (Level Five) — The Crown-
ing with this powerful Gift can travel between the conti-
nents almost as though they were one, as they were in the
time of Pangaea. A journey from the shores of Africa to
South America, for instance, may only take amatter of days.

System: Once the Mokolé begins her journey, the

S player rolls Stamina +,Rituals, difficulty 7. The Crowning
and her clutchmatés must sing in rhe Dragon's Tongue as
' they travel. The clutch really passes through a "tunnel" of

Sorts in the Umbr: Ebat connects the continents; the num-

_ ber of days.spent in this dimensions équals (5 minus the

number of | successes; minimum! If the chanting stops
before the. transoceanic journey is complete, the group

"arrives back oD She Shore of the last continent it touched.

| Top

wiciet it.vites perf armed? in
traditional manners. While : rite to
accommodate a different environment, stream, or varria,
the elemental parts of a rite do not change much from one
wallow to the next. Mokolé have few rites connected to the
Umbra, largely because of theirfear of Innocents (that is, the
souls of unborn "Mokolé metis"). In fact, Mokolé ritualists
must learn to be subtle, since they perform most of their
ceremonies in the physical world, not the spirit world.
Sirning the Ahbrapy lye)

Level One

This rite is narmed for the day when fire destroyed the
Library of Alexandria. It can erase a memory from someone
who has witnessed (or perpetrared) an event; if the rite is
performed communally, remove all of the participants'
memories of the event.

System: The ritemasteér rolls Charisrna+ Rituals, diffi-
culty 7.. The ritualist describes the memories that must be
destroyed, then quietly intones Words of Unmaking (which
can be perilous for outsiders to hear). The Words seek out
and destroy the offending memories. For each success, one
memory (up to a scene long) is destroyed. The ritualist can

The weresatrians

119

=
t

perform this rité on himself, burif the roll borches, he forgets
how to perform this rite, and must learn it again.

Level One

Through this rite; food for one can bé transformed irito
food for many. ;

System: The ritemaster blesses the food and divides it
repeatedly. Each success on the ritemaster's roll doubles the
number of people the food can feed. Food affecred or created
by. this rite cannot be subjected to this rite again.

Skip ie of tle Cracpar Cligspsc)

Level One

With this obsérvance, the ritualist can protect a person
Cor creature) from memories that would drive him mad. It is
often used co prorect the survivors of torture or atrocities; on
rare occasions, it may also be used ro heal the mind of
someone thar has survived an encounter with the super-
natural. Some Mokolé gather these memories into their
race's collective Mnesis, so thar they are fully aware of evils
witnessed in the Age of Man.

System: For each success on the rite roll, ome memory
(up to a scene in length) may be "sealed": The recipient does
not forget the events that occurred, but is no longer injured
by his memories. Once he can analyze the event without
"pain, he may have a chance to heal. When used against a
Derangement or Harano (or similar state), the patient acts
normally for one scene per success.

Tale-of-Ages, elderly sage af the Mokolé-mbembe, shares
his memories and judgment: - -

Amnanasi: Inconstant and deévious, they cannot be
trusted. One never knows which part of the Triat they sérve.
Drinking the blood of humans is the least of their crimes, for

L ary fle erspore fle ofvay pectles wading

1ZO

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LEE EE OT ET LL LL A

our tales speak of exotic powers that can drive the innocent
mad. Ler ther destroy themselves.

Bastet: When it stiits them, the catskins aré willing to
work with others. There have been times when we ourraces
have had to help each other, particularly in the Amazon.
When we have no common cause, however, they remain
aloof, ‘hiding their .own mysteries from: the other
shapechangers of the world.

Corax: Gdaia's mésséngers watch what should not be
seen, and say what others would dare not speak. Sun smiles
on them, warming their wings as they search the Earth for
news. For the right price, they will speak of what they've
seen. Getting them to stop talking, however, is far more
difficult...

Gurahl: Inthe Age of Sleep, the Bearskins were the great
healers of the world, and of Gaia Herself. They could heal
anyone, even (so it is said) the dead. Like Dragons, they
learned to sleep in the Earth. But the wolfskins, with their
cunning and Rage, hunted the healers first, and now few are
left to tend to the: wounded and dying of thisnew Apocalypse.

Wagah: They act in secret; some say they pass judgment,
or carry secrets Gaia did not entrust to our memory. In the
time before time, they worshiped dragons as their gods. In the
age before the War of Rage, they kept the balance between
the many Fera. Now the world is out of balance, and who they
serve, or how, or where; remains a mystery.

Ratkin: The ratskins have gone mad, more so than any
other Bécre. Striking without reason, they wage war against
all mankind, randomly rending the Weaver's webs as their
madness grows. Their strength is in muimbers — if the first is
not driven away, many will follow. The best wé can hope for
is to drive off or destroy any that approach our wallows.

Rokea: An ancient race, one that hopefully has pre-
served their ways from the time before time... They are
content to ler our Kin pass on the surface of the water. Dive
deep; however, and you may see their wrath.

2 fl tatu estosg. J ate ey ap QLPOrL HEROS,

|

|

Aad;

Silk sheets luxuriously surrourid Ghita's prone body , brish-
ing against her almond skin. A waterfall of raven hair cascades
across her pillow. With wide and honest eyes, she watches the
man sleeping next to her: a tanned and angry man who seems
troubled, even in sleep. Inching away from his body, she gracu-
ally pulls away; moving frorn the pool of moonlight on the bed to
the cold shadows surrounding it. On the other side of the bed,

a second woman shifts onto her side, obviously exhausted, and
fast asleep.

A-hand darts out from under the sheets, grabbing her
wirist. "Going so soon?" The man tightens his grip.

"fol. T wasn't expecting you to wake up."

"Of course you weren't. You thought you could getaway
fromhere, take what you could find in the middle of the night: You
knew there was something in irry suitcase, didn't you?" His
lumbering body shifts suddenly, feet on the floor, shoulders
leaning forward. He moves with practiced grace, despite his bulk.

"You're hurting me."

"Te' snothing cormpdred to what you did tomeé. What did yous put
in that drink? I didn't. ... smell... anything odd about it. You used the
same trick on your last victirn; cind that's one tirne too many."

With one swift motion, he nishes fromm the bed, forcing her
agairist the wall. He gets ready for her to fight back, preparing for an
obvious counterattack with a knee to the groin or nails to the face.

"Four men dead," he -hisses,.staring into her eyés from
inches. "Four of mvy friends, from New York to San Francisco,
each the same way. Two women working in a bar buy aman a
drink, awalk -hirn to'a hotel room. Then anether drink, with
something inside it. Not this time..Your poison doesn't affect
me. This time, I'm prepared."

On the bed, the second woman groggily wakes up, watch-
ing the drama by the door of the hotel room. "What... what's
going on?" Her green eyes lazily focus on the two intertwined
forms. With a silent scream, she bolts upright, red hair falling
around her shoulders. "What the hell are you doing?"

"T avas about to break your friend' s arm.-Stay in bed if
you know what's good for you."

Although Ghita's arm is still pinned to the wail, .
she's able to lunge for the light switch. In-a heart- tea ‘
beat ,-Ught floods the room. As the man is disori- gf a
ented, Ghita takes advantage of the distraction, hth, Le
not with a-knee to the groin, but a practiced A+) > Ae
rabbit punch to his ‘throat... Fler opporient ve ee
gasps for air... and then stares ENS. ne) fy
at a shadow on the wall. — a vie
The lack of air doesn't <= == vey
surprise him as much as pve a
the shadowry serpentine form he sees ,
— the outline of an impossibly large cobra. ae

Chapter Ty,

Ll ——

Turning slawly, he looks at the forrmn casting the shadow.

The second woman towers above him,-as her body lengthens

and... changes. Her skin takes on a sinuous sheen of scales. Fler

red hair fans into a cobra's hood, as she hisses something obscene.

A twelve-foot-long snake coils around the bédpost, fangs bared.

"What....is... good for me?" She spits

in his face from ten feet awiz«éy, splat-

tering venom to-

wards the
avall...

RE.

f
fh Ia ‘) )
4) y 1
iN
i)
. ix
, fr/ tm NR
t { x .
va fi
et x ‘
‘
2 sree <$
yee


Agena

Most of the Changing Breeds have some legends of the
Nagah, the strange serpent-changers who lived long ago.
‘They are remembered, strangely, as dancers —— sinuous
creatures in. both human and serpent form, whose dances
spelled our some ancient ritual. But they were sinister
creatures, and had few friends. It is little wonder thar they

were slain to the last in the Wars of Rage — or so the othere

Changing Breeds believe.
Each Changing Breed knows it was appoinréd ata ok in

the working of the world; the Nagah know that their first
duty to was to monitor the Khurah, actirig .9s judges Or

executioners when Gaia needed them. Nor, bound by any
one force of the Triat, hidden in shadows, they measured the
actions of the Changing Breeds, judging: themewith cold-
blooded efficiency. :

The wereserpents were the keepers of Sacred Secrets,
hiding their purpose and true niimbers from the other
Changing Breeds. Ona few rare"occasions, the actions of
one nest of Nagah would be uncovered, but their subterfuge
was so complete that the rest of theirgace could walk openly
in the midst of human settlements in the lands now known
as India, the grearest of the legendary Nagah helped shape
one of the first great civilizations. In those days, mariy
humans obeyed the most "hiiman" Nagah, the bald
breed, as they would royalty. For generations, the balaram
descendants were regarded as nobility. From theré, the

esteemed linéages spread to other parts of the wold, forming :

Crowns of | Nagah encircling the world.

the a: assassin responsible. Ifthey could not find
they would freely wage war with whomever ¢

indiscreet Nagah was foolish enough to openly
one of the corrupt and haughty Silver Fangs lea:
crusades. The Nagah assassin was named Vinata, and when
she was finally caught, the Garou used her as an example
slaughter —~- and almost drive to extinction —~ an enti
generation of Nagah. The wereserpents were masters ‘of
silent assassination, but when the Garou bégan waging war
openly against all Changing Breeds, the serpents were
helpless to turn the tide of battle. Against a Garou pack, .a
lone Nagah could not survive.

No one event sparked the War -of Rage; ir was a
conflagration thar was stoked for generations, as che Garou
found or fabricated reasons to wage war against.each of the
Changing Breeds in turn. Many of the survivors retreated to
the spirit world..In. the same -way, the Nagah retreated
further into their sacred places in the Umbra. Deep under
great rivers, they guarded sacred Glens called Jeweled Wa-
ters; hidden from caerns and cubs, they watched over Den
Realms known as Ananta. In times of darkness, they would
skulk from their spiritual havens to swim in the depths of

122

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

tl ——— ia LL IT,

great rivers, but only long enough to preverit themselves
from becoming spirits.

And far from the spirit realms known to Garou, they
maintained their allegiances to the Lu Lung, worshipping
great dragons in the fabled realm of Xi Wang Chi. Like the
dragons they serve, the Nagah have learned great patience,
cooling their passionsas they wait for the right time trostrike.
Since it is now a.time of great injustice, the Nagah-are
needed once again.

ad Times approach, the Nagah are very; very
ah hear the whispers of Gaia's warrior aspect,
orld dies screaming, the balance between the
is more important than ever. While the
duct crusades against the Wyrm,.-the
eagainst the Wyrm and anything else
aia —~ including the most nefarious
Black Spiral Dancers alone provide a

that ic "needs killing; but the Nagel: must eliminate
ose who aren't so easy to identify.
: ‘Nagah assassins prefér to strike without warning, then
_erase all traces of their presence. Sometimes even the corpse
‘disappears. W/hen crimes are great enough, evidence that the
target ever existed may also be annihilated. Gaia guides silent
assassins to carry out Her punishments, sometimes to cease
the warring between one breed of Khurahb and another. For all
their cold and ruthless professionalism, the Nagah still re-
meriber the consequences of Vinata's failure. If they do not
remain hidden, the Garou will slaughter them again:

Nagalt Levon

Ananta: A. Nagah Den Realm.-Unlike a Basret's Den
Realm, itis portable if it has been. dedicated toa specific Nagah.
ficil of Nagah.
er, or "Emerald Mother." Gaia is
other known for Her love; Devi is
an avatar known for Her wrath.

Khurah: The Nagah's word for other shapeshifters.

WNandana: The Ananta ofthe Sesha, thé spiritual realm
where the nine elders of rhe race meet in secret.

Crown: A regional c

Nemontana: A regional council ("Crown") of Nagah
that has decided to judge the local shapeshifter population
of Europe. In India and Asia, it is known as "Vritra;" in the
Middle East "Yamilka;" in America, "Zuzeka."

Nest: A nomadic "pack" of Nagah, usually two or three.
‘Their lives are intertwined. Their ties are often deeper than
bonds they have made with their former lovers or former families.

Sacred Secret: The secret that the Nagalh still exist,
kept carefully from the Garou. It isknown tothe hengeyokai


of the Beast Courts, and suspected by the Mokolé (who do
not remember the Nagah's death).

Sannyasin: A solitary Nagah, or one that has chosen a life
of solitude. Nagah society forbids a wereserpent from hunting
alone, so retiring from a life of passing judgment is akin to
becoming a hermit or ascetic. When a Nagah loses all others in
his nest; he may choose to atone by becoming a sannyasin.

Serpent Waters: Aquatic Glens (purified areas of the

Umbra) sanctified and claimed by the .Nagah. Any

wereserpent can step sideways in Serpent Waters, at least

until chose lands are corrupted by the Wyrm or rededicated .

all ewelé :

by another species of Fera. Sometimes called:
Pools" by young Nagah.

Sesha: The- ruling council of the Nawab, and" the

highest governing body of their kind...
Wani: The great dragon-spirits thac act As s patrons to
the Nagah, also known. as "Dragon -Kings'or "Lu Lung."
They are remotely related (but separate) from the primitive
Mokolé. Nagah do not have roteims; thi y serve these an-
cient dragon spirits instead. é
Mi Wang Chi: The spiritual realm of the Wani, the
Nagah's gods. Only Nagah and Mokolé can reach this sacred
place in the Umbra,.and even then, only briefly.

garter

The Nagah aré not solitary creatures; in fact, théir laws
forbid solitary hunting. Nonetheless, they are scdttered ir

twos and threes across the world, gathering in. small ests.

around the planet. Each grouping is self-sufficient waiting
until the time is right to-consult their elders.

The Wani: Esteemed above all of the were: serpents, the
ancient Incarna spirits of the "Dragon Kings" bold audi-
ences with the paragons of the serpent race. Dragon Kings
act as spirit patrons to the Nagah; they are often petitioned
as Incarna are. The wereserpents never madé the same pacts
with spirits thac the Garou did; instead, the spiricual, ser-
vants of the Wani aid them. From their isolated spirit realm

of Xi Wang Chi, the Wani offer spiritual guidance. The"
greatest of heroes may ascend in spirit to their realm, if only |

for a heartbeat, to receive the greatest Gifts and wisdam

The Sesha: In-the spirit world, the most illustrious
wereserpents, the Nine Sesha, hold audiences with Nagah
who want to advance in rank. Nine Nagah — three of each

and their very existence, is part of the Sacred Secret. Their
private Umbral realm, the Nandana Ananta,. receives
wereserpents from all over che world. An incautious serpent
that betrayed its location would suffer great shame, as it
would force the Sesha to move the Nandana once again.
They keep the Nagah's laws,.decide punishments, and
reward the virtuous with an increase in rank. The servants
of the Waniact as their messengers. Presumably, each of the
Nine must return'to the physical world once every three

what their race is fighting for.

SS

The Crowns? In the physical world, no more than
twenty-seven Nagah are dedicated to governing the regions
where Nagah hunt and spawn. Crowns rule regional areas of
the world: there is one for India and Asia,one in Africa, one
in Europe, and one in the Americas. Each Crown has its own
Ananta. The Crowns play a more-direct role in directing
assassinations and executions than the Sesha do. When a
nest's quarry flees one region, the victim's trouble mounts as
a second nest pursues him in the second region -—— Crowns
coordinate these efforts as well.

"The Nests: Nagah do not travel alone; they prefer to

: ‘Pace intertwined in groups of two or three. Unrestrained by

the urges of pack instincts or the obligations of pack totems,

tbeir. highest obligations are to their missions and to each

ay have a husband, wife, or partner, but the
bond will never be as close as the union with the others ina
nest. Carrying the gate to an Ananta with them, they have
great autonomy in pursuing their appointed roles..On rare
occasions, one nest may share information with another, but
such exchar ges are best left to the Crowns and Sesha. Few
outsiders can guess the cool emotions and hidden passions of
a Nagah, but any supernatural observer can see the supernatu-

ral strength thar keeps a nest intertwined.

"A WNagah's Rage depends on his auspice, while his

Gnosis depends on-his breed. A Nagah regains one Rage for

each hourspent underwater or partially submerged. However,
their cold-blooded natures prevent them from developing the
Garou's extremes of anger. When increasing a Nagah's Rage
Trait, the freebie point cost (2 per point) and experience
point cost (current rating x 2) is double what it is for Garou.

If a Nagah's Rage is higher than his Willpower, he
radiates a cool and calculating sense of violent menace.
Thus, for each point his Rage is higher than his Willpower,
he loses one (cumulative) die on all Social-based dice pools.
Humans instinctively avoid prolonged contact with sucha
ruthless and inhuman'creaturef Nagah are subject to frenzy

©@eut not the Thrall of the Wem); the difficulty to enter thar

stated

Hormally CLE: if near polluted water).

i re partly amphibious, able to Hold their
breath twice as long as werewolves normally can. In their
Kali Dahaka form (see below), they.can breathe water as
easily as they can breathe air.

* Like many other Changing Breeds, the Nagah have
theirown instinctive languagé, which they inherit as part of
their First Change. The wereserpents' speech is called the
Tongue (or sometimes the Forked Tongue), but it relies
more on pheromones and body language, including the
coiling and sinuous motions of a serpentine body, than
words. Alrhough all Nagah understand this language, re-
gardiess of their place of origin, ordinary serpents do not.

* Nagah do not have easy access to the Umbra. .A Nagah
can-only step sideways in the immediate presence of the
Nagah Ananta to which ir is dedicated. Ifa Nagah carries the

CAapter Tro: Those Who CAange 123

OO  ————a OE NT

|
:

t

Ananta "within himself," however, he canattetipt to strep
sideways anywhere, leading his other nestmatres across the
Gauntlet with him. Any Nagah can also freely pass into and
out of Serpent Watérs (see the Glossary, above).

* Nagah do net have pack totems, as Garou do, but
weréserpents that dedicate themselves to the same nest
share a spiritual bond. (At the Storyreller's discretion, this
may allow them to purchase variants of pack maneuvers.) A

Nagah can lead another of his kind into the Umbra if ‘they a

belong to the same nest.

* In all forms, a Nagah has decent eyesight and color :

vision. As itshifts from Balaram to Vasuki form, thecreaturé's
sense of taste and smell become more acute. For/each form
removed from Balaram, it gains acumulatives¢1]' difficulty to
Perception rolls involving taste and smell (to a aiinimum
difficulry of 3). In Kali Dahaka form, the. shapeshil ter gains
the benefits of the lupus Gift: Scent of Sight -

Unfortunately, the species alsé has¢p Sor hearing "in
certain forms. In Kali Dahaka form, the crearure gains a +3
difficulty to all hearing-based Pérceprion rolis..In Vasuki
form, -the Nagah is deaf to all'airborme sounds, since it is
dependent on vibrations passing through solid objects it's
touching to actually "hear" anything.

© In any form other than Balararm, a Nagah can injecta: :

chosen victim with a supernatutrally potent venom. She‘ha
enough "doses" for three venorhous attacks; after the last one

The Nagah can. only transfer this poison 1 aft :
inflicted ar least one health level of damage with

levels of lethal damage; this "damage is soaked 5 pa tely. This
venom cannot affect spirits (even materialized, spe hits) or other
WNagah. Vampires take half damage from this yveno: Ghat is,
they halve this damage, rounding down,-after soak

In Azhi Dahaka form,' the Nagah can atrémpt
venorn into a target's face, blinding him. (A Nagah
point Merit: Spitting Cobra can also do this in Vas
Dahaka form.) This special attack uses up the equivalent of two!
doses of venom: Roll Dexterity + Athletics, difficulty @ fd
culty 9 when targeting the eyes). If the attack hits, the ven

still inflicts seven (soakable) health levels of damage, but the :

damage is delayed for one round. If the venom is washed off
before then (such as with water created by the -metis Gift:
Create Element), the venom has no effect. If the attack hits the
eyes, the victim is immediately blinded fora number of rounds
equal tro (10 minus his Stamina; minimum 3 rounds).

« All Nagah begin play with Willpower 4.

rapt

A female Nagah knows at the momientr of conceprion
whether her child has "bred true" as another Nagah- If both
parents are wereserpents, she intuitively knows she is giving
birth to an ahi (a Nagah "metis"); if so, she begins prepara-
tions to give birth toa single egg. Orherwise, she may choose
to perform the Rite of Bearing within a day to determine

124

Players Guide fo the Changing Breeds

LEE Le PS LT DL TT LL A

whether she gives birth to a human. child or a clutch of
snakes. If che rire is not performed, the offspring's breed is
the same as the Nagah parent.

* Balaram: A Nagah born to hiitnan parents may have
arelatively peaceful childhood living in the human world.
In such cases, the first transformation (known as Shedding
the First Skin) canbe devastating.. Most are -raised in
ignorance of their supernatural legacy, although curiously
enough, some share an instinctive dread of snakes —- mak-
ing the First Change even more horrific.

_ Ung ago, balaram traditionally bred with nobility, but
they have since learned. from the example of Silver Fang

~Begis ning: Gifts: Persuasion, Prehensile Body
(= Abi When two Nagah mate; the result isan ahi-In all
"buta few rare cases, the parents typically belong to the same

ptosix months, taking on allher forms during that time. The
child must be born in an Ananta or Serpent Waters. Al-
though a fernale Nagah can birth an entire clutch of cobras,
she can only breed one ahi in her lifetime..An ahi is nor
deformed as the metis of other Breeds are; they are creatures
born to maintain harmony, not the result of forbidden lust.

An ahi typically grows up in the spirit world, although
the parents trust escort the child into che physical world ar
least once every three months; otherwise, their offspring
becomes a spirit. Ahi are treasured, raised in rarefied condi-
tions, and encouraged in their idealism. They are fiercely
dedicated ro their chosen nests,,and see matters in rhe spirit
world in sharply defined terms e physical world is typically

: F : ne the truths of the spirit world.

the acl ore certain rolls by 1). In the same way, thei ir idealism
is sorely tested in the uncaring real world. As the End Times
advance, some find themselves spending more time isolated in their
Ananta than strangling the W/yrm in the physical world. Orhers
become a vital part of a dedicated nest, protected by loyal allies.

Beginning Gnosis: 3

Beginning Gifts: Weaver Sense, Wyld Sense, Wyrm Sense

* Vasuki: Vasuki are born in clutches of 10 to 20
offspring, growing up surrounded by serpents and living like
snakes. Within a clutch, one of the snakes will "breed crue"
as a wereserpent: Shedding the First Skin vastly expands the
adolescent snake's view of the world, offering such novelties
as the ability to hear speech and airborne sounds, move
when it is cold, and most importantly, use limbs amd hands.


A élutch €6ntaining a vasuki is always watched by a
snake-spirir, since the education of ari adolescent vasuki is
a long and tiresome process. Relatively simple tasks like
tying knots or using weapons do not come éasy to the vasuki.
They are, however, among the most "physically spiricual" of
the Nagah, with an intuitive understanding of the natural
world many balaram do not possess; the spirit world is far
more mysterious to the vasuki. When a Nagah grows too old

final days to reaching the next generation of vasuki. ¢ :

Since Nagah can breed with any venomous serper , they
represent an amazingly diverse array of snakes. None! heless,
the original cobra heritage of the Nagah remaii
present; in all formis except Balaram (human form) or x Vasule

that, each regional group of Nagah has its. own, preference of

species. North American Nagah, for instance, tend to breed

with snakes native to that region, such as rattlesnakes.
Beginning Gnosis: 5
Beginning Gifts: River's Gift, Treesnake's Blessing

AD ALGOEL

A. Nagah is protie to certain feelings, impulses, and
philosophies that are influenced by the season in which she.

The location of the Nagah's bitth does not matter; a
Nagah feels rhe sarne basic inclinations whether he, vas born
in .the heat of the Australian outback in: Decembe: Or
subzero cold-of an ‘Antarctic research facility, dh con
speech, it is acceptable to refer.to a Nagah by his. season
instead of the proper name of his auspice. Such pro eauyy i is
not welcome before the Sesha, however.

* Kamakshi (Spring): During the spr ng serpents in
colder climates end their hibernation, and more yo ing are
born than at any other time of year. Kamakshi hav: tenipera-
ments that reflect the warming of the world. Many are skilled
in healing the ill, caring for children, and motivating others.
They prefer an active life to sloth and lethargy. When it is
time to kill, however, 4 Spring Nagah is mercilessly. :
dealing death —- he may regret a needless death more than

Most have an affinity to the element of Earth.

Beginning Rage: 3

Beginning Gifts: Ganga's Caress, Resist Pain

* Kartikeya (Summer): Summer is a-time of wart.
While nor overly passionate, a Kartikeya understands emo-
tions like passion and temper better than orher Nagah do.
When overtaken by bloodlust, her anger burns like a terrible
fever. Some claim this fervor interferes with a Kartikeya's
subtlery, bue Summer Nagah see their zeal as a source of
inspiration. They feel an affinity to the element of Fire,
raging like a conflagration in the heat of bartle.

Beginning Rage: 4

Beginning Gifts: Eyes of the War God, Scent of the
True Form

|

ee

to effectively fight outside his Ananta, he may dedicate his"

(snake form), a Nagah may manifest a cobra-like hooel: ‘Beyond cee

is born. Her auspice is determined and defined by this season.
a Winter

Nagah born in other seasons, but is just as capable of killing.

‘time,

Chapter Two: Those WAS Change.

© Kamsa (Autumn): Blood cools in autumn. Logic and
introspection are highly developed in a Kamsa Nagah. Crea-
tures of other auspices do not possess an Autumn Nagah's skill
for understanding a devious enemy, even one corrupted by the
Wyrm. Nothing pleases these snakes more than to coil around
aconundrum, writhing as they contemplate machinations and
fall incro introspection. With such calculating natures comes a
lessened sense of compassiori, sometimes extending to disdain
for those who do not share their patience. Karmsa possess an
affinity to Air, the element of intellect.
es 3
: Executioneér's Edge, Slayer's Eye
: Acting in winter Zequaires great will,

eee Unlike a TS odngniasch, the Kaliare ruthless; i in contrast
ta the: Summer Nagah, they prefer calculated revenge to the
3 unlike the Autumn Nagah, they see through
es quickly to strike at the heart of a problem.
iniry to Water, the element of clarity.
‘Beginning Rage: 4

Be ginning Gifts: Guided Strike, Iron Coils

the world. Behind any human face, the spirit of a snake may
wait patiently, watching its prey.

* Silkaram: The "serpent-man" form-of a Nagah has
the sare height and only slightly more weight than its
Balaram form. The facial fearures become more serpentine,
with snake eyes, fangs, and ophidian nostrils. With refined
shapeshifting (and Primal-Urge rolls), the creature can form
acobra hood around its head, or ifmnecessary, retract its fangs.
Slouching, scaled, and completely hairless, it often hides
scutesor bright patterns under the clothes it wears. Its
fingers and toes become webbed, doubling its swimming

: Speed, but these digits are srill dexrerous enough to manipu-

om human civilization, rogue colo-
rred to wear this form almost all the
mg rise to legends of insidious serpent men.

* Azhi Dahaka: The Nagah's "battle form" is a massive
and ruthless nine-foot-tall monster of destruction. Regard-
less of its serpentine relations, its head can flare out the hood
of a cobra, and its fangs are that of a wiper; its other features
vaguely resemble its Vasuki (snake) form. Its barrel-shaped
torso supports two powerful arms,"and a tail suitable for
balancing its titanic bulk trails atleast 15 to 20 feet behind
it.. les claws are as terrible as those of any Garou, and their
scales have a supernatural resilience to harm.

* Kali Dahaka: This "grear serpent" form resembles a
massive snake over thirty feet long, typically with more mass
than the largest anacondas. A Nagah's Kali Dahaka form
resembles the Nagah's serpentine relations, although it may

125

— eC CD AN TTA

¢ Balaram: In Balaram form, a Nagah is indistinguish- -
able from a normal human. Most simply appear as humans
_of Indian or Asian descent, but nests of Nagah thrive around


include characteristiés of several different species: An aver-
age Kali Dahaka body is as thick as a man's leg..A hero's
ritual scars are evident in this form.

* Vasuki: When a Nagah assumes its "snake" form, it
takes the shape of an ordinary serpent albeit a highly
skilled and intelligent ome. Wereserpents can breed with
any form of venomous snake, so an individual's Vasuki form
resembles one of his serpent relations. A vwasuki-breed Nagah
has a Vasuki form that resembles its (closest) serpent parent.

pret SIPS

Silkaram Azhi Dahaka Kali Dahaka Vasuki

Str: +Z Str +3 Str +Z Str—lL
Dex +2 Dex +2 Dex +2

Sta +2 Sra +3 Stra +2 Sra +1

App ~—Z App Oo ~~ App o

Man —2 Man —3 ManO Man 0

Claw: Str > Claw: Str +1 Claw: Ser

Diff: 7 Diff: 6 Diff: 7 Diff: 6

ffr

Wereserpents begin play with three Gifts: one Nagah
Gift, one breed Gift, and one auspice Gift. Gifts are usually
learned during "review" sessions with the Sesha. Ifa Nagah
needs a particularly rare Gift to complete a mission, he may
make a spiritual journey to' Xi Wang Chi. Because the
Nagah live outside the "pact" that allows other shapeshifters
to learn Gifts from spirits, any spirit thar does not directly
serve the Wanicannot teach them. Nearly all of these Gifts
are taught by different species of Wani snake-spirits.
Naga! Coffe

* Scent of Running Water (Level One) —- As the
Ragabash Gift.

©. Sense" Wyrm
(Level One) —— As the
Theurge

* Slayer's Eye (Level One) «— As the Shadow Lord
Gift: Faral Flaw.

© Sense of the Prey (Level Two) As the Ragabash Gift.

© Combat Healing (Level Three) -—~As the Ahroun Gift.

« Swimming the Spirit River (Level Four) —~ The
Nagah can enter the spirit world in the same manner as
Garou; she no longer requires an Ananta to do so.

* Breath of the Dragon Lords' (Level Five) ——.The
wereserpent exhales huge gouts of scalding gases; these can
wound opponents, but can't cause materials to combust.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Firearms; if the
roll succeeds, use the damage rules for firearms. The "breath"
does a base amount of damage equal to the user's Gnosis.
The damage is aggravated, and has a range of 20 feet.

Salers Ci SE

* Persuasion (Level One) —~ As the homid Gift) The
Nagah version of this discipline involves hyper-acute con-
trol of pheromonés and body language.

* Prehensile Body (Level One) —~In forms other than
Balaram, the Nagah can grasp and manipulate objects with
her tail Cor coils) as easily as she can with her hands in
human form. :

System: Once the Nagah learns this Gift, its effects are
permanent. Sirnple acts, like turning a doorknob or holding
asmall object, shouldn't require a die roll. At the Storyteller's
discretion, more complex acts, like reloading a gun, should
require a Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty 7). If a
complex physical. action requires ‘a different die roll, like
fixing.a car with Dexterity + Repair, the Storyteller may
elect to simply increase the difficulty of the roll (instead of
calling for an additional Dexterity + Athletics roll).

« Unexpected Venom (Level Two) —~ The balaram
Nagah can easily use fangs in his human forrn.
System: The player spends one Rage,yand rolls
Stamina +-Primal-Urge (difficulry 8). Cne suc-
cess allows the creature to grow fangs; éach
additional success allows her to access one of
her doses of venom (up to a maxi-
mum of 3).. The effects last
until the Nagah shapeshifts
again.


|

© Fluid Grace (Level Three) — As the lupus Gift: Carteet.
* Spirit Ward (Level Four) =— As the homid Gift; it is
learned from the Wani to deter the attention of unwanted spirits.
¢ There Is No Body (Level Five) — The balarain is
capable of fréeing himself from the limitations of flesh,
becoming effectively incorporeal while remaining in the
physical world. For the duration of the Gift, the Nagah is

immune to any physical contact that he does not desire; fire,

silver, walls, nothing save magic designed to affect 1
immaterial is proof against him. :
System: The player spends three Gnosis poitit
rolls Perception.+ Enigmas, difficulty 7. The Nagah
remain immaterial for two turns per success.

A Se

-@ Weaver Sense (Level One) — Th
the workings of the Weaver and her minior
be able to notice patterns when thereshou e randomness,
order where there should be chaos,:and p. ly cimes when
such forces ate out of balance! From the physical world, he
can sense Weaver spirits in the'surrounding Penumbra.

System: The player rolls Perception + Enigmas; the
difficulty is the strength of the local Gauntler. With at least one
success, the Gift reveals the présence of obvious Weave
energies and spirits. With three of more successes, the Gift ni
reveal more subtle influences. The Nagah can also "peek"
the Penumbra with this Gift, but she only sees constfu
spirits serving this aspect of rhe Triat. Truly powerful
tations may be disorienting. The Gift lasts up ro,0M
only as long as the ahi is actively concentrati

* Wyld Sense (Level One) -—~ By focus
scene or person, the creature can detect the
Wyld. She may also be able to notice forces th
creation, or primordial energies. This doesn't'me:
necessarily understands them, however. Fro
world, she can sense Wyld spirits in the surround)

de may also

System: As Weaver sense, but attuned
With three or more successes, the Gift may r
subtle influences of madness or chaos. With fiv
successes, it may detect the presence of magical energy ob :
cannot precisely identify ir. (in other words, this isri
combination of the optional Garou Gift: Sense Wyld and
the Uktena Gift: Semse Magic.)

© Wyrm Sense (Level One) — The shi becomes attuned
to the presence of the Wyrm in all ‘its forms. Banes, fomori,
certain vampires (those with a Humanity Trait below 7), Black
Spiral werewolves; and other creatures corrupted by the Wyrm
become glaringly obvious by the spiritual stench the Nagah can
taste in the air around her. From the physical world, she can
sense Wyrm spirits in the surrounding Penumbra:

System: As Weaver Sense, but attuned to the Wyrm.
With three or more successes, it may (at the Storyteller's
discretion) reveal more subtle traces of corruption and
decay, such as a-turmor in a human body-

ener sane tees enamine wees ee a

Chapter Two: Those Who Change

— ES ESN

* Indra's Cloak (Level: Two) — As the Black Fury
Gift: Curse of Aeolus.

* Venom Blood (Level Two) -—— As the Get of Fenris Gift.

© Command Water Spirit (Level Three) —« As the
Uktena Gift: Call Elemental, but only water spirits can be called.

* Whirlpool (Level Four) —= In any body of water
larger than a swimming pool, the creature can ‘create a
whirlpool for one scene.

System: The player spends one Gnosis, and roll Gnosis
(difficulty 7). Lf the whirlpool is created under a target, it
a ininimuns nutaber of successes to "suck it down" as

y by | swimming out of the area.
Diameter Can pull down

a human

a Garou in Crinos
a rowboat

a'small boat

s Gift (Level One) — Normally, a Nagah is
a Kali Dahaka form, breathing water as easily
reathes air. With this Gift, she can perform the same
nm any other form.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Primal-Urge (dif-
ficulty 6), and spends one Gnosis. With at least ore success,
the Nagah becomes amphibious in Silkaram, Azhi Dahaka,
or Vasuki form for one scene. The change requires ar least
two successes for Balaram form.

* Treesnake's Blessing (Lével One) —~ The crearure
with this Gift is unusually swift when climbing trees, moun-
tains, cliffs, and even rough walls. She can also climb any
surface a snake normally could without making a roll for
climbing, regardless of her current form.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Athlerics (diffi-
culty 6) and spends one Gnosis#For the rest of the scene, the
wereserpent's s climbing speeds is equal to his slithering speed

: le climb, such as a sheer wall, may require
an additional Dexterity + Athletics roll to climb, but rhe
créature still moves at this increased speed.

* Lightning Strike (Level Two) — Asthe Ahroun
Gift: Spirit of the Fray.

* Sidewind (Level Three} ——-The vasuki can move
with an amazing burst of sinuous agility.

System: The player spends one. Gnosis,. then . rolls
Stamina + Athletics (difficulty 7); for up to eight hours, the
Nagah can. move up.to six times its normal land speed.
(Multiply the creaturé's land speed by the number of suc-
cesses plus one.) The Nagah must move continuously at this
speed; if it slows down, the Gift's effects end.

127

=|
t

* Belly Ride (Level Four) — While in Vasuki form, the
Nagahican enter an unconscious human's stomach by wriggling
down her throat. The human will be oblivious to the crearure's
presence, even using rationalization to deny its presence.

System: The player spends one Gnosis,.then. rolls
Dexterity + Stealth. The serpent can. remain in the victim's
stomach for one day per success; after thar, he is vomited out.
At any time, the Nagah can trigger this vomit reflex or

escape from the sleeping victim through her throat. The |
Nagah is unaffected by anything unpleasant or hafmful

created by the victim's stomach, and he cannot harm the
victim while inside her belly. ‘
* -Assassin's Well (Level Five) -—— The vasuki/

become capable of supernaturally manutactufing venom, at

an astonishing rate.

System: The playerspends two Gnosis. Forth est tofthe
scene, the vasuki Shwe) ve has unlimited dos ss Of venom.
bd CO CP 3s Caress w (Level One) a
Mother's Touch.
* Resist Pain (Level One) -—.As the Philodox Gift:
* Calm (Level Two) -— As the ‘Children of Gaia Gift.
*® Dazzle (Level Three) ae AS ‘the Children of Gaia Gift
* Assassin's Insistence (Level Three) — ‘This G
denies a healer's ability to save a condemned victi
System: The Nagah must touch the target; ah ph

the Theurge Gift:

someone attempts to heal the target.
® Denial of Wellbeing (Level Four)
the Nagab can prevent another: creature fr

tence before learning this Gift.
System: The Nagah must touch rhe carget. The pl
spends two Gnosis and makes a contested Intélligence

Medicine roll against the target's Gnosis (or Willpower mints"

two, if it's not ashapeshifter.)} Success halts the healing process,
and the victim suffers a two-die penalty to resist disease and
poison. This lasts for one hour or until the Gift is nullified.

* Surya's Radiance (Level Five) —< As the Children
of Gaia Gift: Halo of the Sun.
KerAtbeyea (Suvatier) Cite

* Eves of the War Géd (Level One) —~ The name of
this auspice comes from.a god of war who could never be
surprised. The son of Shiva, he had six faces and could watch
all of his surroundings. This Gift grants a similar blessing on
a Nagah of this auspice:

System: The player rolls Wits + Alertness (difficulry
6), and spends one Gnosis. With at least one success, the

128

Players Guide to the CAAKRGING Breeds

LE Ee ST I A. SY Ta LE A

Nagah gains full 360-degree vision for the temainder of the
scene. In addition, each success bestows an extra die to all
Perception-based rolis for noticing enemies.

* Scent of the True Form (Level One) -—— As the
Philodox Gift.

* Secret Serpent (Level Two) —< As the Ragabash
Gift: Blissful Ignorance:

* Forked Tongue (Level Two) — As the Ragabash
Gift: Obscure the Truth.

* Blood Running Hot (Level ‘Three) —— "As che

Fork. Tongue {Level Two) =~ As the Ragabash

Eye of the Cobra (Level Three) —— As the Galliard Gift.
r Doppelganger (Level Four) —~ As the Glass Walker Gift.
* Open Wounds (Level Four) —- As the Shadow Lord Gift.
e Heartstrings (Level Five) — As the Galliard Gift:
Head Games.

Kilt (Pinter) Caffe

« Guided Strike (Level One) — This Gift increases
the Nagah's accuracy for his next attack.

System: The player rolls Gnosis (difficulry 8) and
spends one Willpower. Each success adds one die to the next
roll tohit atarger; the abiliry must be used during that scene,
and the dice pool cannot be raised over 12.

* Iron Coils (Level One): —~ As the Silver Fang Gift:
Grasp-of the Falcon, except that it increases the Nagah's
mee of catching,adoé with his coils (not his jaws). The
ife does not besrow. additional damage.

‘© Bxccutioner's Gift (Level Two) ——As the Ger of
Fenris Gift: Halt the Coward's Flight.

* Discern Weakness (Level Three) —— As the Philodox
Gift: Weak Arm.

* Destroying Blow (Level Three) As the Black
Fury Gift: Coup de Grace.

* Mindblock (Level Four) =— As the Silver Fang Gift.

* Magistrate's Icy Judgment (Level.Five) —— As the
Wendigo Gift: Heart of Ice.

Jaratiara: Naga er

The Nagah are not part of the Pact that Garou have
made with the world's many spirits; instead, they are limited
to calling on spirits that directly serve the Wani. In a way,

|


the Wani are like Incarnaé, and théir many spiritual servi-
tors are like lesser Gafflings and Jagglings. For every variety
of snake, there is a Wani snake-spirit. A Nagah can attempt
to influence a comimon snake-spirit (like the ones Garou
can summon and learn from),.but the Stroryreller should
increase by 1 the difficulty for any rolls involved.

Nagah rites are also less social than Garourites, since a nest

is usually small enough that the Nagah dedicated to it are

already intimately familiar with one another.. Conversel

wereserpents find it embarrassing to perform rites with ariyone ©
who is not a part of their nest. Unless the Sesha or the, ralers of

a Crown are involved,.it is also rare for rwo nests to worl
together on a'rite (increase the difficulty for thesfite's "roll by
if they do; increase the difficulty by 3 if outsiders: are involved

Navitng fle Cargerk OLD

Level Three

Av nest performs this rite when itis read:
assassination. When ‘their last mission has. been "concluded
Cusually with the Votive for the Dead, see below), they gather in
adark room or near ariver, join hands or Sils, and chanta mantra
to invoke the Wani. If the rite succeeds, the Wani-grant flashes
ofinsight about the nest'snext target. Properly performed, the rite
may also reveal more of the target's offenses against Gaia, his
current location, or other facts relevant to the hunt.

System: Up to three of the Nagah in the nest m:
Perception + Rituals (difficulty 7), adding their succes:

Lotive JOP Pla — C2 Punt)

Level Four

ally review why the victim's death was justified, reatti:
their actions. The ritualist chants the victirmm's crimes aga

a

Gaia, gradually repeating them until they becomie asimple
mantra. The Votive for the Dead (also called the Conclu-
sion) must be performed before the nest'can begin another
hunt or enact the Narning the Target rite.

System: The ritemaster must score at least one success.
With a failed roll, the nest must spend a week meditating on
the mission in great detail. A botched roll causes the nest to
lose a point of Willpower apiece, and they must report to the
Sesha within a week.

ey defy Gaia's will, we will sever them.
cy compels them to seek out secrets, but

Like fools, they give up freely the secrets they
As long as they do nor steal ours, wé should not care.
Gurahl: When Vinata killed a Silver Fang tyrant, thar
tibe turned to the werebears and demanded they heal their
comrade. Now that the Garou have slaughtered nearly all of
ther, they are in no position to make further demands.
Mokolé: Our older brothers are worthy of respect, for
they remember when we were great. Should you be called
upon to-destroy one, please remember this.
Nuwisha: Why are they laughing? We do not understand.
Ratkin: Violent creatures, consumed by macness and
passion. Treacherous creatures, zealously slaughtering mankind.
‘Terror is their greatest weapon. We will use it against them.
Rokea: They live and thrivé alone in the deep, and
they police their own kind! Should they invoke Devi's
hethowever, we can al

Se gOIP faiths gobs $astte Stitt pfiat Gt) pubre Bor biy peat ti tsftaths cated fi GOP LIE PS

gow Snew ~lap tovvcdey feta

A GOH AP0E, tT PE APE LEPC

Chapter Two: Those VUlho Change

129

A LT LY NG

|
:

t

ee

The guy spent thousands on the fire safe. This thing could go
through « blast furnace and come out with a slight scorch. Into the
fire ‘safe, he put all his important documents —- his financial
records, the passwords to his overseas accounts, a wad of cash (just
in case) and a small handgun. He put the gun in there because his
wife insisted. She didn't want it Lying around for the kids to find.

Yeah, he had kids. I watched them go to school and get in
trouble so that maybe they'd feel like they had parents. But no
dice; the gizy was making money hand ower fisteand didn't much
care about his family .. That was his claimto fa favork; he'd
ditch his son's Little League game to glad hand a visiting investor.
Great businessman, lousy dad. Nothing? new, e th
damned smug about it.

*Course; the punch line aes
completely intact. The papers i de, well. that' s another ma
ter. Did you know that bullets fire if Deu get them too ho

"yore? Jong

The humans' itv the Pure: Lands FeCIte legends abouts.

Coyote. They say that hé created thesworld, humanity, and

every living thing undes the sun. Some stories say thathe had __
help — one legend speaks of two'ducks with red eyes that

pulled the Earth from endless water at his behesr. Orhers
simply state that he was bored, and sang every living thing
into existence. The truth of the matter is somewhat different,
but the humans who keep these legends still know much more
of the truth than the Kinfolk of the Garou, many of whom
have fallen ro lies about someone saying, "Let there be light"
and then later creating a lot of asinine laws to follow.

The truth is this: Coyote created almost all of the life on
Gaia. He created water and ducks first (and the ducks have
always remained special to him, which is likely why they
feature in human creation legends). But Coyote dogs get
bored easily, so he sang the rest of the world into creation. He
called up beasts and birds of all stripes, he called up the land
and then cracked it into chunks and set the chunks floating
away, with only a few animals and trees on thern. But before
he did that, he raughtall the animals how tocopulate. He only
showed them once, but for most species, that was enough. He
stopped paying attention to the animals of other lands, and
stayed on one of the chunks of earth that hadn't drifted far.

But not all of the life on Earth was Coyote's doing. As he
sang the world into creation, creatures from other places and
other stars fell to Earth to listen. Gaia, still drying off from rising

130

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LL PT EY tii 7 a

woamnewto

rhavisha

from the water, rnadée them feel at home. Coyote wasn't sure
about these visitors at first. He studied them all to learn about
them and their homes, but most of therm became confused
when Coyote asked them questions. "We have always existed,"
they said when he asked where they came from, "we have
always been here listening. And now we hear yoursong, and we
come." Some of these creatures came from the far-off stars, and
some came from Luna, Gaia's sister and neighbor. Luna was not
atall pleased when all of the beings living on her surface left for
Gaia, to better hear Coyote's song. Coyote tried to make
amencs by vowing to sing to her nighrly, but Lunais fickle, and

some nights she tunis away entirely.

e of his children say, is 4 great father but
lida! t Took after his children very well, and

an oF clay. The crath is
humans are born of blood.

Where he rest.of humanicy came fe om is more of mystery,
since Coyo

never kicked another blood clot (something
ast: seerned Off al out the new creature) but nonetheless, in

less time than it take to tell humans were springing up all
over the werld, evenon the lands that Coyote had set adrift.

Allover the world, all living ‘chins nad to learn to adapt
tothese new creatures. Some of the animals ate them, andsome
of the animals fed themselves to the humans. This was nothing
new; animals had been"thaking. pacts like that since their
creation. Bur the humans didn't quite understand that it was
their lot to be predator one day and prey the next, and finally
to feed the world with their bodies. They were afraid of death
— maybe because they were all made of blood and had no
breath or spirit —~ and so they tried to stay alive as long as they
could. They whipped and beatsome animals until they agree to
serve; ‘even some of proud Wolfs children fell into their
clutches and became the silly creatures today called dogs.

Many ofthe creatures of the world wished tocorrect the
humans' attitudes, and they asked Coyote for permission to
do so. Coyote agreed, and watched as Wolf, Bear, Snake,
Lizard, Rat and many others besides chose humans with the
qualities they liked best. Spider rook che most humans, so
many that Worm crawled into her web to take some of his
own, and there he became stuck. Coyote laughed at his
brother Worm, and Worm was so hurt that he refused
Coyote'shelp. And there Worm remains to this day, thrash-

|


SS eens Fes eee

ing about and becoming ever more tangled in Spide's web. believe that they, the humans, commanded all animals, not

Spider's humans learned her ways well, and now have spread merely che ones they had dominated.

over the world, building nest after nest. But in that time- The animals came to Coyote again and said, "How can

before-time, each animal that chosé to teach humans loved this be? We taught them to think as we do!"

their charges, and shared their most precious secrets. Coyote said, "No, children. You taught them only
MS They taught the humans tricks and gave them gifts, and your special gifts. They enjoy the same blessings, but

humans took the names of their special animals. Sometimes
they mamed entire lands or tribes after their patrons,

sometimes they painted pictures of their heart-beasts on
stone walls.In time, hu-
mans forgot that the
animals had ever
made contact,
and .they

cameo to

with none of the responsibilities."

"Ah!" the animals said. They raced off to ~S

teach their charges about responsibility. They

each tried in different ways. Wolf tried to

beat it into them. Rat made them sick so that

‘ : they would learn to appreciate being well,

, eee and grow stronger through the sickriess.

. cS" Snake filled their heads with so much

knowledge that they couldn't possibly

remember itall. Shark gave up on his charges, reasoning that

the human mind could never learn all of the sea's mysteries.

But still the humans resisted, until someone thought of a

brilliant plan.—- ler the humans take the form of their

chosen animal"

Whar happened then is cOmmon knowledge among
the Changing Breeds. Those humans so gifted with the
power to change forms started wars with each other, de-
clared themselves the grearest beings in rhe world, keeper of
sacred memories, guardians of the gates, or whatever title
suited them. They went to war on each other, and in-all
cases, the Garou won rhe wars but lost the most in the
process. The Fera argued about whose progenitor was the
first to think of allowing humans to change shape, and each
has a convincing argument.

The truth, though, is that Coyote was the first to allow
hiuamaris to take his form, for he had been doing it long befote the
other animals even asked for permission to teach humans.
Coyote was easily bored, even with hisown form, and hishuman.
charges were much thesame. These changing children —called
the Nuwisha learned gifts of trickery and shapeshifting, but
always paid reverence to their father, Coyote.

Coyoye PPaptareat fo FLOPS

While Nuwisha were native only to the Pure Lands,
they have spread the world over. Cloyote's demands require
it. Although only 100 Nuwisha walk the Earth at any given
time, they mighr be found anywhere, pranking the Wyrm,
the Garou and anyone else who needs a lesson.
PPAR SSOP DL Labi

The Nuwisha follow'a Litany of sorts; though it is
nothing as lengthy and complex as the Garou's. Coyote asks
his children to follow only six tenets, and even then he
recognizes that rules are made to be broken. Naturally, there
are consequences for going against the Trickster's decrees,
but sometimes the werecoyores simply don't have any choice.

Let a Fool Die a Fool's Death

Coyote demands that his children protect the humans
fromm themselves and the Wyrm. That does not, however,
mean bringing hope to the hopeful, nor does it mean being

sevwVlho Change 131

particularly compassionate. A -human set on dying for what-
ever reason ~— despair, fanaticism, love and so on — doesn't
need to be dissuaded from that path: This applies co rhe
Garou as well; Nuwisha have led thé Garou into death
countless times over the years, and the werewolves never
seem to learn to question what's in front of them.

Teach Those Who Need Teaching a Proper Lesson

The Nuwisha are nor instruments of vengeance, or
even justice. If anything, they are the embodiments of "just
desserts," the cosmos' sense of irony given form..That in
mind, they are perfectly contént to make an example of one
fool in order to reach many. If the lesson is one that must be
learned in a fool's next Llife,‘so be it. Coyote himself had to
die many times to gather the knowledge he has.

Always Prank the Wyrm

time. All

yet he would rather swallow all of cre
Coyote takes offense at this, and dema)

Nuwisha pranks migh
or even other shapes
the target. :

Be Subtle

humans knew of the werecg
would certainly hunt the
appreciate sly and cunnin
more complex; subtle granks win hi
sight gags in the modérn world

Respect Luna

This .is the only oné of (Trickstet's Laws that some
Nuwisha doubt. Some werecoyotes feel that the Garou must
have somehow inserted this tenet imto the list so that they
could hear the Nuwisha's howl and therefore prepare thern-
selves for the coming prank..Most Nuwisha, however, re-
member that Coyote wronged Luna and serenade her nightly:
At any rate, they claim, being prepared for the pranks never
seems to help rhe werewolves anyway.

Think, Then Act

The Nuwisha are not warriors (although they can fighr).
They are not sages or sharnans (although they can certainly
traverse the Umbra and truck with spirits). Though they are
swift, they are not swift enough to flee all their foes. The one
great advantage they have over the rest of the world is the
wisdom Coyote grants them. He commands them to use that
gift, ephemeral though it may be, rather than relying on their
strength or speed. Often this wisdom is best expressed through
laughrer—— in finding the humor inasituation, more thanone
Nuwisha has discovered the only way out of it.

The Garou often make the mistake of seeing the Nuwisha
as comedians. The phrase "Gaia's sense of humor" is bandied

faver more than cheap

132 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LEE LS LT ET ET LG LTD LC ITS

about occasionally as werewolves explain the werecoyores
to their cubs. But chis phrase isn't really accurate, and even
to the degreé that it is, the connotation of the phrase is
wrong. The Nuwisha are tricksters, but their pranks are
meant to teach first and foremost. The student on the
receiving end of a prank can choose (assuming he survives)
co laugh along with the teacher and any spectators, chang-
ing his ways in light of his lesson.

In times past, few Nuwisha wouldn'r play lerhal pranks
immediately, unless the target was a willing servant of the
Wyrm or was otherwise causing so much damage to Gaia
that he needed to be put down. Instead, the Nuwisha would
give the target subtle warnings about his behavior, often
couched in the form of insults and japes, giving the target a
chance to realize what was happening and laugh along with
the werecoyote. Only when the target had proven com-
pletely unwilling to change his ways would the Nuwisha free

' the POOL SO lfrowi his current life, with the hopes that, inthe

learm the lesson.

ever, Coyote's children have grown
ithough no Nuwisha has come for-
the werecoyotes' pranks offer fewer
befere the final fall. The assump-
s that know of the Nuwisha and
ge in temperament, is that
A entire races lessons that
ng ago. The Nuwisha, therefore,
| the world seeking the = path that Coyore has laid for

forces, thus ‘Keeping some of the most sacred places ‘free from
both human and Garou invasion. This is true, but the Umbral
Dansers are also charged With keeping hostile forces outofthe
Penumbra, and have done their job well for many years.

When a Nuwisha has proven himself, he is inducted into
the Umbral Danse. An Umbral Danser begins looking for a
new candidate whenever a Nuwisha enters his First Change:
Since the Danser has only 100 potential candidates, and the
Danse rarely accepts Nuwisha below rank three, this rarely
takes long. The new Umbral Danser is then given a short
period of time to set any affairs in order, finish any outstanding
lessons, and join his new mentor in the Umbra.

The Umbral Danse kept itself very much apart from the
Realrm, and especially from the Garou, up until very recently. At
the Sept of the Painted Sands in Arizona, during arecent meteor
shower, a werecoyote appeared suddenly from the Umbra. The
Nuwisha, called Prah Srar-Rider, bled from horrible wounds
and was missing his right hand. Before he expired, he whispered
three words to the Garou of the sept: "No more time."


ALE Al a SPL LSEP

The Nuwisha travel alone, for the most part, but can be
found all over the world. They venture wherever their curiosity
takes them, trusting in Coyore's luck and their own cleverness
to extract them from whatever trouble they stumble into.
Sometimes this works, but not always-— Coyote loves to see the
proud suffer, even his own children. A werecoyote who does
not remain humble and true to her purpose is likely to find
herself without the aid of her Gifts when she needs them most
(that is; whenever it would funny for her to lose rhem).

WNuwisha do not organize themselves into tribes; they are
all children of Coyote. Likewise, they all belong to the same
auspice —— Ragabash. (Why exactly this is the case is.a point of
contention; the obvious answer is that all Nuwisha are trick-
sters, bur the falling out with Lona is anot possible explana-

tion.) Some Nuwisha are born of coyote stock and some of

human, but if a Nuwisha/Nuwisha m
but a Kinfolk child, no one but Coyor

make everything a bit. too > funn:
occasionally, often via spirits

When a Nuwisha-enter
typically arrives = within a fey ‘

own. ‘Most Nunwisha fake co thei
task before any werecoyote, ho yer, is to find her totem.

Unlike Garou, who worship a myriad of torems, all
Nuwisha follow Coyote. But Coyote takes many forms, and
the exact form of a Nuwisha's totem determines her agenda
and relationship with Coyote. Some of Coyote's more
common faces are:

* Chung Kuel: A master of chance like Xochipilli,
Chung Kuel focuses his power of luck on his foes, rather than
himself. Chung Kuel Nuwisha have crashed stock markets,
fixed elecrions, and in general manipulated fate at just the
right moment to thwart the Wyrm for years upon years.

© Kishijoten: Probably the kindest aspecr of Trickster,
and cettainly the most rarely followed totem, Kishijoten isa
murturing healer. She lends her skill ar soothing pain to her
children, many of whom appear in disguise to the other
Changers as well as to humans who need succor. Kishijoren
is the most difficult of Coyote's faces to follo
not kind by nature,.and following the healer's path means
subsurming the impulse to play hurtful pranks on others.

* Loki: Few Nuwisha are warriors; but those that are
usually follow Loki. Sometimes, subrle, cunning humor doesn't
work and the point of the lesson must be beaten into the

Chapter Two: Those Who Change

OO I EE EN

studerit's head. Loki's children gladly také up the cudgel in such
circumstances. Many Nuwisha that work next to the Garou
follow Loki, not because they wish to fight with the werewolves
(which is usually tanramount to suicide even for the strongest
Nuwisha) but because the Garou only respect fellow warriors.

«© Oghma: Followers of Oghma are responsible for
singing songs to enrich and teach others. Oghma is a bard,
but is still a face of Trickster: The songs OQghma sings are
designed to teach, inspire and, if necessary, ridicule those
who need Coyote's lessons. No Nuwisha chooses to follow
Oghma; Oghma makes that choice himself.

* Pan/Kokopelli: Borh of these faces of Trickster are
fertiliry gods, and both demand that the Nuwisha that
follow them sate cheir desires early and often (but never by
force). Coyote is asly, randy being and his seductive nature
comes to the fore in these totems. Nuwisha that follow them
have been responsible for inconvenient pregnancies, politi-

‘ether such embarrassments, but also

in on Earth guard existing gateways into
Like the Umbral Dansers, they work to

n, Raven's Nuwisha wateh over the Changing Breeds.
crafty and curious, and the Nuwisha that fall under
fare the most subtle and cunning of the werecoyores.

nksare also less likely to o be deadly; killing asubject

: ties in an attempt to bring them
wo. Ubey spin webso L imalice and misery, alldesigned
to" push humans away from) the lhuge,.sprawling nests of
corruption thatthe cities have become. In recent years,
however, the TH Malice are growing frustrated that humans
don't seem to be getting the hint. The time has come,
perhaps, for more drastic ‘measures than unsafe working
conditions and ridiculous minimum wages —— the humans
have to be shown that the cities just aren't safe.

« Xochipilliz: Nuwisha who follow this totem only care
about the odds insofar as they wish to chance danger in the
most insane way possible. Xochipilli's children take chances
that are nothing short of insane, laughing all the while.
They don't always (or ever often) come out unscathed, bur
neither do they feel the need to brag later. Everyone knows
how brave the Xochipilli are.

A Nuwisha can change her rotern, but doing so requires
Coyote's permission, and obtaining that permission usually
involves along, complicated and thoroughly harrow ing journey.
Sometimes the supplicant must find and ask forgiveness of her
former totem, and sometimes Coyote simply grants permission
and says no more about it. No one can predict Coyote, after all.

133


SPALL

Nuwisha are sitnilar to Garou in many respects. They
regenerate and soak damage as werewolves, but suffer nospecial
vulnerability to silver. Nuwisha do not use Rage, having no
connection to Luna (beyond their promise to sing to her).
Nuwisha breed with Kinfolk, non-Kinfolk, and prerty much
anyone they can (they are quite capable of using Animal
Attraction, but would rather seduce a potential partner through
more conventional means) but do not produce metis.

A. Nuwisha's breed determines starting Gnosis. All
Nuwisha begin with 4 Willpower.

AU Nuwisha have a personal Totem. Three are de-
scribed below, and others may be found in Nuwisha. Players
and -Storytellers are,.of course, free to choose additional
faces of Trickster from any mythology that appeals and
convert them into Nuwisha totems¢ Some totems, such as
Raven, have followings from other Cha
possible for a Nuwisha to join a Garo

and be bonded

by their totem, provided the © Nuwishal slg follows a face of

that particular spirit
that the werewolves ra
When purchase

simply be called Streps-Lightly, among werew eet but ae

be called Raven Steps-Lightly among her own kind.
Werecoyotes pursue Glory and Wisdom, subjece. to.

much the same guidelines as werewolves, but donot recog

nize Honor as a form of Renown. Istead, they gain recog.

nition for Humor: Humor is not simply how much the.

Nuwisha can make her peers laugh, rather, it measures
ingenuity and originality in pranks as well as the appropri-
ateness of the trick to the lesson that the Nuwisha is
teaching. Werecoyotes gain rank in the same manner as
Ragabash do (a set amount of permanent Renown in any
combination across the three categories),-although a
Nuwisha's totem often dictates what sort of Renown she
seeks. Followers of Loki, for instance, usually wind up with
more Glory than followers of Kishijoten.

Nuwisha gain Renown by spirit recognition, and when
the time comes to gaina permanent dot of Renown, seek out
one of their own kind or an avatar of their chosen totem for
recognition. Gaining rank, however, requires the Nuwisha
to travel into the Umbra and seek out one of the Umbral
Dansers. This is usually enough of an ordeal that the higher-
ranked Nuwisha normally doesn't put the supplicant through
and further tests -—- but some do, just for fun.

Sect

Nuwisha have two breeds, homid and latrani. As with
werewolves, homid Nuwishaare bornof human parents, whereas
latrani are born of coyote stock. There are no metis Nuwisha;
not only do Nuwisha/Nuwisha' couplings fail to conceive,

134

ine Breeds. [nae . them escape. from. their latest plight and Goyors takes pity

eral inches 6

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LEE Le Ts LT i TT SL TA

they'ré usually bouts of bad, incompatible séx. The werecoyotes
prefer lovers thar don't hold a mirror up to their own foibles.

¢ Homid: Human-born Nuwisha might grow wp as class
clowns, attention hounds, or simply that quiet child in thecorner
that everyone just wonders about. When the First Change comes,
it usually isn't the traumatic bloodbath thatthe werewolvessuffer
so much as a breakthrough as the fledgling werecoyote realizes
her power and responsibility to teach and prank.

Beginning Gnosis: 1

Starting Gifts: Persuasion, Master of Fire,Smell of Man

* Latrani: The Nuwisha born of coydte stock are more
numerous than lupus Garou, probably because coyotes need
less space and are generally more adaptable. Latrani are
curious creatures as pups, often sticking their moses into
traps or other dangerous situations. When the First Change
comes, it's usually because their luck and cunning can'theip

nd @ains between ten and twenty pounds of

niuscle, but does n t gain a as much hair as the Glabro form

get, th .Manadbozho form stands (Pe chef feet etal and gains
roughly 250% ofthe Homid form's mass. Similar to the Crinos
form, Nuwisha can speak human "languages in Manabozho
form, although the voice'isdeep and gravelly. This form inflicts
the Delirium in human witnesses, but at areduced effect. Move
any witnesses two levels "up" on the Delirium chart.

* Sendeh: The Sendeh form is a small cousin to the
Hispo, and Nuwisha in this form are easily mistaken for red
wolves. While in this form, Nuwisha cannot speak, but can
mimic other sounds, including laughter, sobs and screams.

* Latrani: The natural form of the breed of rhesarme name,
the Latrani form is indistinguishable from a normal coyote.

pret SPAPELSIL

Tsitsa Manabozho Séndeh Latrani
Str: +1 Ser: +2 Str:.+2 Str: +0

Dex: +1 Dex: +3 Dex: +3 Dex: +3
Sta: +Z Sta: +3 Sta: +3 Sta: +3

App: 0

Man: -1 Man: -2 Man: -3 Man: -3
Diff: 7 Diff: 6 Diff: 7 Diff: 6

=|


fee

Nuwisha can learn homid and lupus Gifts (depending
on their breed), and can learn any Ragabash Gift. Players
choose three Gifts; one from the appropriate Garou breed
list, one from the Ragabash list, and one from the Nuwisha
list. General Nuwisha Gifts are listed below.

* Snake's Skin (Level One) — The Nuwisha sheds a
layer of skin and flesh (and instantly regenerates it), allow-
ing her to slip free of bonds or even grappling opponents. A
snake-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6). Success allows the
character to slip free of most bonds, and any successes on the
roll are added ro any roll made to escape a hold (see page 209
of Werewolf). Additional rolls might be required to escape
more complex traps.

* Spirit Speech (Level One) —— As the Theurge Gift.

* Swollen Tongue (Level One) — With a touch, rhe
Nuwishacan stop atarget from speaking. The targets tongue
swells, preventing her from making any sounds beyond
frantic grunts and moans. A spider-spirir teaches this Gift.

System: The character must touch the target. The
player rolls Gnosis (difficulty of the victim's Willpower).
Normally, the target is prevented only from speaking, but if
the player rolls three or more successes, the target's hand
shakes uncontrollably and she cannot sign or write. Swol-
len Tongue lasts for one scene.

* Odious Aroma (Level T'wo) — As the Level
Two Bone Gnawer Gift.

See sence mers an ee ee PE ee

* Sheep's Clothing (Level Two) —- The Nuwisha can
take the form and scent of another shapeshifter. While this
Gift is in effect, the Nuwisha may take the appearance of any
form common to the type of shapeshifter she is impersonat-
ing. Even Gifts designed to identify shapeshifters cannot
pierce Sheep's Clothing (unless Coyote feels it appropri-
ate). A cuckoo-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls Wits +
Primal-Urge (difficulty 6 for mammalian Changer, 7 other-
wise). The character thereafter looks and smells like what-
ever kind of shapeshifter she chooses. She does not, how-
ever, gain any of the special powers of the Breed a
Nuwisha impersonating a Rokea could assume Gladius
form, but would gain neither rhe enhanced strength nor the
Sending thar the form usually confers. This Gift lasts for one
full day, though the player can extend that duration by
spending additional Gnosis (one day per point spenr).

¢ Gift of Rage (Level Three) —— While the Nuwisha
do not, for the most part, envy their Garou cousins' ability
ro Rage, they Admit that is comes in handy. With this Gift,
the werecoyote gains Rage for a short time, with all the
benefits and drawbacks it carries. A spirit servant of Loki
teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Will
power (difficulty 7). If successful,
the character gains a Rage rat-

"A ing of 5 for. the scene.
(though she may cancel
it at any time).
While this
Gift is in


effect, the character can‘take extra actions and shapeshift
instantly, as Garou.can — but is also subject to frenzy and
vulnerable to silver.

* Happy Thoughts (Lével Three) — Shapeshifters
with Rage are dangerous to be ‘around. ‘More than one
Nuwisha has lost her life when an unappréciative werewolf
has lost control after a prank. This Gift allows the Nuwisha to
remove the threat of frenzy for a short time (hopefully long
enough to get away). An avatar of Coyote teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point..The
character must touch the.target. For the duration of the
scene, the target loses access to his Rage. He cannot frenzy,
take extra actions, or use Rage in any way. He can still
change shape, however-— the Rage is still present, the target
just can't make use of it:

© Bridge Walker (Level Four)
Galliard Gift.
- ‘Trickster' s Skin (reveal Four

bevel Four

cannot communicate to hi
a stranger.

System: The playér spe
rolls Wits + Subterfuge (diffi
Urge +3, or 7 if the target can
Trait). The Nuwisha may
line of sight, and it lasts‘for

* Assimilation ee. ;

* Coyote's Mask (Level Five) —— In one Kwakiutl
Indian legend, Coyote dons masks of various animals and
then allows the animals to die for him, thus saving his life.
The most powerful Nuwisha may accomplish a similar feat,
using their Gift.as.a shield against death. Only Coyote
teaches this Gift.

System: In order to learn this Gift, the Nuwisha must first
learnva Gift chat changes hisshape, including Sheep's Clothing,
‘Trickster's Skin, or the Ragabash Gift: Thousand Forms. If the
character wishes to invoke this Gift, he must spend a full turn.
in concentration after first using the chosen shape-changing
Gift. The player then spends one Gnosis poinr and rolls
Willpower (difficulty 8). If successful, the Nuwisha may "die"
once while wearing something or someone else's form. If the
Nuwisha drops below Incapacitated from lethal or aggravated
damage while wearing Coyote's Mask, the Nuwisha immedi-
ately appears in breed form not more than 10 feet away, and all
that is left of the "corpse" is a small scrap of coyote fur. The
WNuwisha is considered to be at full health.

yey
The Nuwisha can make use of most Garou rites; includ-
ing Cleansing, Talisman Dedication, and Questing Stone.

136

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

eal iy 7.

They don't normally bother with the Rite of thé Fetish (they
prefer to steal fetishes), although they can use it ifmecessary.
The Nuwisha know a few rites that they have never shared
with the Garou, as well. Of these, the most important is Sing
Back the Dead.

Sing Packs fie Fo

Level Five (Mystic)

Of the 100 Nuwisha‘on Earth, only one knows this rite
at any given time. When the Nuwisha who knows it dies or
joins the Umbral Danse, Coyote Himself selects a new
werecoyore to carry this rice. With ir, the Nuwisha can call
the dead back to life with a song. Just as Coyote is the only
being who can teach this rite, only he can authorize its use.
A. Nuwisha who artempts this song without first gaining his
explicit permission to restore the beings in question will
surely die in the process.

. System dT he player spends one permanent Cinosis for each
: ter wishes to resurrect...In. addition,
sxed bodies: might require additional

eomimon Nuwisha totems.
srewolf, is also a common

pider Queenis subtle and just as viciGus and
er earthly counterparts. Nuwisha who follow her

to the week and. gegards humans as nearly riversally weak.

Background Cost:'7

Loki is just as happy to participate in pranks as any face
of Trickster, but believes that the best pranks are the ones in
which the mark realizes the prank just before dying. His
followers are violent, brave and usually young.

Traits: Loki grants an additional Bruised health level
and -one permanent dor in a physical Actribure of the
player's choice.

Ban: Loki asks that Nuwisha in his service offer their kills
tohim as sacrifice, and that they never refuse a direct challenge
Chowever, they are under no compulsion to fight fair).

Xodtigeale

Background Cost: 5

Xochipilli is not a tetern for planners, worriers, or
strategists. Followers of this totem leap into the fray, guns
blazing, a curse on their lips, and hope for the best. Interest-


ingly; the more apparently suicidal the stunt, the more likely
it is that Xochipilli will allow his child to survive (though
the Nuwisha might be maimed in the process).

Traits: Aside from their cendency to survive acts of
bravado that should tear them limb from limb (the Story-
reller adjudicates this effect), Xochipilli grants his children
three extra dice to Survival.

Ban: Followers of Xochipilli may never refuse a dare.

SPEPLOLG LLL
Raven Steps-Lighily, astudent of shapeshifter nature, shares
her favorite one-liners:

ee een re es en ere seen es ee

Garou: Frankly, I think it's too late. No, Pm serious:
We've thrown everything in our book at them,-and they still
don't know what's going on. What do we have to do; sing it?

Corax: Our brothers in arms.. Wings, 1 guess. They get
éur jokes, but can they turn the Wyrm back by plucking out
its eyes. Or could they? ;

Ananasi: Yeah, we've got Ti Malice. Let me tell youa

secret among the spiders, that doesn't mean shit. We're

just another breed of dog to them.
Gurahl: Wake up! You're on!

Chapter Two: T hose wlho Change

RE —————a

137


"DOWN EIN FRONT" in the back of the bus, a rar-faced
little teenage girl is screaming: A- twitching little mass of giggling
and pigtails, she hurls a small package towards the front of the
bus. "INCOMING!"

Cowed and callows passenger's look arotind the bus, straining
tosee what's goingon. A murmur of dissent drifts across the crowd,
as the humans ,-roused from their complacency, bitterly complain

about another delay. Justin case the shouting didn' trouse therm, the, :
their fee

horrible stench wafting from the package gets then
Spreads like a cloud. Drifts like smoke. Smells like gas

Three of the girl's friends are all laughing hys ercally on the

giant seat at the back of the bus. They seem to be inumune. The
rest of the passengers begin scramblin for windows, fighting each
other in an effort to reach the door —— or wherever there's fresh
air. Looks like someone won; £ make it hame in time for the five
o'clock news...

The bus driver has dleady beast stomping onthe brakes ; as
the bus careens wildly down Third Avenue vle's rocketing right for
the corner of Pike and Third, a corner aff ionately known to
locals as the "asshole of downtown eattle,"

A green-haired geek in the front Seat leaps fouled, helping
the bus driver steer, even as the gas attack spreads. Pumped with
adrenaline, the would-be here scrambles over the driver's uncon-
scious body, then madly turns the steering wheel to straightenout
the bus.."Goddammit!" he-screarns. "To the

"Johnny wants a diversion," the little pig-t

‘"Johnrey's gonna get it!" Shrieking in joy, she shifts her body. i

dnd the pig-tailed girl quickly becomes a six-foot-tall beast, a |
with massive tufts

slouching, frothing, hyperactive rat creature...
of torn and tattered pigtails.

The humans scream as the rést of the "rat pack" shifts. Men®

ard women swarm over each other ina display of selfish self-
preservation few rodents could equal. Mothers and children,
homeless bums and businessmen, latte-sipping upwardly mobiles
and frantic down-and-outers — they ignore each other every day
om this bus, but now that they' re trapped together, they' re united
in their desperation..How very human.

A few hundred feet away, humans shuffle dround the corner
of Third and Pike, munching burgers and fries from a local
©' Tolley's "restaurant." The humans are oblivious to the Wyrm-
tainted food festering in those colorful wrappers ,-or the mindl-
altering Muzak wafting from the speakers overhead....o¥ the
human meat blended into their cheeseburgers. Now all they can
think of is the two-ton bus headed this wary...

Two shapes on the street corner step into this nightmare, and
onto the street Dropping cheeseburgers and fries, the seerningly
human shapes shife to Crinos form..The two Wyrm-tainted
werewolves scream in rage, racing towards the bus. Tainted meat
scatters across the asphalt.

138 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE EE Le TS LT LY LN

ti To the lefel"

PRahkKin

"Atm for thé doors!" Pig-Tailed Girl shrieks, keening in a
high-pitched scream. "Get the doors! Garou! Ga-roocoovcou!"

The green-haired hero lunges across the steering wheel.
Within seconds, the bus crumples into the storefront, collapsing
like an aluminum can and pinning werewolves to the wall. A
mass of metal instantly shuts down another store in-the chain,
immediately crippling the profits of another Pentex subsidiary...
and crippling the two Wyrm-tainted Bone Gnawers who were

feeding there.

_ Green-haired boy is hurled toward the windshield. He triples

his mass as he hits the glass..The collision hurls humar: bodies to

the floor. .

"| §Goad job Fohnny!" Pig-Tailed Rat-Girl replies: The
Ratkin pack chitters in agreément.

1 ad Johnny smiles, covered with bload in his

Crinos form. As the wererat's wounds begin to heal, he steps over
the unéonscious: bus driver rand kicks open the door.

L ke any human being, a Wererat can be good or evil:
Asking 4 Ratkin to obey the law,.on the other hand, is
entirely out of the question. ( haos and madriess plagues the
Ratkin race, driving them to insane insights and outbursts of
creative destruction. Yerin legend. sof the time before rime,
the wereratsplayed a very different role...

Whe the world was young, the veil berween worlds was
perilously thin. Realms of flesh and spirit existed side by side,
and monsters~bred in the shadows between them. When
monstrotis horrors stalked in the night, Gaia's greatest war-
tiors, the Garou, were readyto Cull the spiritual population.
Yeu Mother. arure isdiot without a sense of balance: When
the human populations | grew too strong, Gaia's most cunning
warriors, the Ratkin, culled the human population.

When Ratkin came in the night to weaken human
pestilence, and selec-
tive elimination of the weak —- the Garou had little trouble
justifying their hunts against them. The wererats saw their
sacred duty as part of Nature's design, but the Garou ma-
ligned them as cowards, as thieves, and when bloodlust took
them, as enemies. "The Garou were looking for reasons for
war... and the Ratkin's worst atrocities further inspired
them to crusade against all of the world's shapeshifters.

In their overwhelming pride, werewolf warriors hunted
the Fera, counting coup, counting skins, and counting the
dead. What began as demonstrations of dominance led to
the Wars of Rage. The Garou struggled to prove themselves
supreme, worthy-of all the tasks the Earth Mother had
entrusted to the Fera.-As entire races fell to the werewolves'

|


claws, the Rarkin; as masters of stealth, fled to the hidden
place of the world. Subterfuge and sabotage were their
greatest weapons, but faced with packs of rampaging Garou,
they fled to the depths of the spirit world.

Some shapechangers said the feral Rage of the primi-
tive werewolves had overcome them; others whispered that
the Wyrm had seduced corrupt Garou into greater acts of
horror... The werewolves, on the other hand, took their
triumphs as a sign that they were now the greatest of Earth's
guardians——-thar through their vigilance, they would pro-
tect the world from all the terrors of the night. Garou
Galliards described the wererats' methods for culling human
herds as atrocities... just as the werewolves' acts of genocide
were retold as acts of heroisrn.

When the Impergium ended, it wasn't the result of any
supernatural force. The human race, terrified by the horror
of endless wars, rosé up against the Garou. The Ratkin had
worked to limit the human population, but the werewolves
were oblivious to the threat humanity posed. By then; of
course, the Fera were too weakened to reclaim what they
had lost. The race of man began overpopulating the world,
building a civilization that would contain the rage of the
Wyld... as the werewolves skulked into the shadows.

The Tenthitn Voday

Millérmia later, over six bil-
lion humans dominate the
planet. The
Changing
Breeds

a cee eee en A ee

yemember the Wars of Rage; sharing tales that grow more
horrific with every retelling. The distant descendarits of
subjugared humans have since conquered the world. Whether
through design or neglect, they have forced back the wilder-
ness.

The Garou have long since failed in their crusade to
defend creation. The Wyld barely siurvives in the largest cities
in its many feral forms.. The Weaver has gone mad, running
rampant as technophilia spreads. The Wyrm has grown
corrupt enough to poison the souls of millions of minions. The
signs of the End Times are evident everywhere, and those who
can read their hidden meanings can see the truth: the Wyrm
threatens to strangle all creation in its coils...

...unless someone can shift the balance.

Reason has failed; the Ratkin respond with inspired
insanity. After countless gerierations isolated in the depths
of the spirit world, the Ratkin are returning to-the world in
unseen numbers. Driven.mad by exile, their blood surges
with hatred for the Garou. Because ofthe werewolves'
failures, the Webs of the Weaver have énsnared the planet.
As all animals have their instincts, the wererats obey their
urges to snap the Mad Weaver's threads, liberate the Wyld,
and summon chaos to overwhelm the Wyrm. For those who
cannot articulate such philosophies succinctly, the two
greatest obstacles to their endeavors are the Garou... and six
billion humans. There's a world at stake, after all.
In moments of meditation and introspec-
tion; the Ratkin can
plan well enough to
~, orchestrate their

own vast cru-
sades


and expand their breeding colonies. From hidden places in
the worlds of flesh and spirit, they strike out at human
they have intensified their wars
against the Garou. Without technology or resources, they
rely on numbers, subterfuge, cunning, and fervor. Desperate
times call for extreme measures; thus, the Ratkin are prepar-
ing their army of the Apocalypse.

To the Garou, the Ratkin are ancient adversaries: For
humaniry, they are forgotten horrors reborn. And to the
most desperate and energetic forces of the Wyld, they are
the last chance for creation's rebirth. Inthe End Times, even
the deities known as the Incarnae have gone mad. The Rat
Totem calls... and his children answer without outbursts of
shocking and ingenious violence.

POH LEICOP

Colony: A breeding é

elderly Rat King.
Courtiers: A group of Ratkin that defends a colony and
serves a Rat King.

Deceit: Any ae :
raring | to a courtier rae ack

Rampage: An anarchistic arid temporal
rampage has no home and can only serve.
(Courtiers sometimes call them "gangs.")}

Rat Pack: A group of Ratkin dedicated toa tot
each other; a group of ramblers.

Ratling: A Ratkin who has not yet earned rank (rather -

like a Garou cub). Ratlings form rampages.
kgartta vor

Most Ratkii wander the world, seeking oppgrttnities to
unleash chaos and monkeywrench human civilization. When
the wererats' population surges, another generation of self-
destructive ratlings swarms through the human populace in
hastily assembled gangs called rampages. A Rarkin rampage
shows evolution in action; instead of cultivating astrong pack
alpha, the pack is obsessed with who its weakest member is,
degrading him as the "runt" of the pack. In short, the runt gets
the shit jobs nobody else wants, until he can shame another
packmate into taking his place. Rampaging wererats who do
not hold rank in Ratkin society are known as ratlings.

Soldiers and saboteurs cunning enough to survive this
troublesome time of life create rat packs with longer-term
goals ——- these rodents aré known as rambliers. When a rat
pack is formed, they must choose which rorem-they will
serve through a Dedication Rite; otherwise, they must all

140

Players Guide to the CAEHGING Breeds

follow the Rat Totem. Filled with fury on the evé of the
Apocalypse; the Rat Totem sends visions, messengers, and
madness to disparate Ratkin, summoning them in cam-
paigns against the Weaver, the Wyrm, the Garou, and
concentrations of human populatien.

Not all Ratkin see the Rat Totem 4s destructive, how-
ever. Werewolves know Rat as a totem of war, teaching
them to strike with subtléery and subterfuge. Wise wererats
follow a totem called Mother Rat, a healer who cares for the
sick and diseased. For the most violent Rarkin, however,
their Incarna is the Rat God, and he has great plans for his
children. Breeding an army for the Apocalypse is one of the
Rat God's most ambitious goals. Mother Rat breeds and

heals; the Rat Totem sneaks and kills; the Rat God leads a
"swarm of violent retribution.

_Blidden from the other Changing Breeds, the Ratkin
no unprecedented numbers. Their most fertile breed-

"ing grounds.are sprawling colonies, labyrinths extending

from th Divsical: world to spiritual | tunnels through | the

in's s Rage compels ‘hima to
t esteemed elders refuse to

ererats they most com-
enging, and sometimes

Ratkin regenerate as do Garou, and are équally vulner-
able co silver. They begin with 3 Willpower. In addition,
they possess several traits peculiar to the Breed:

* Maze Memory: A Ratkin's "tunnel sense" prevents
him from ever getting lost underground. Even ifthe creature
is bludgeoned into unconsciousness and abandoned deep
beneath the Earth, his intuitive and absolute sense of
direction can help him find his way home.

* Acute Senses: When the creature is in its rat form,
his hearing and smell become hyper acute. In addition, he
has an strong sense of crouch along his whiskers (called
vibrissae), which are prominently displayed in both Rodens
and Crinos form. In any form, Ratkin get a —1 difficulty on
all Perception rolls involving ears, noses, or whiskers.

EE Ln Ps ET TY A


e Night Vision: Wererats have amazing night vision.
By spending one Gnosis, the Ratkin can draw upon the dim
illumination of the Penumbra to see rough outlines in the
night. This ability lasts for one scene, but with the Gift:
Darksight, it can be extended up to eight hours, and the
creature's vision becomes clearer.

¢ Immunity to Disease: Ratkin canshapeshift after the
first time they are infected with the Birthing Plague, an
ancient and continually mutating infection that courses
through the blood of their kind. The disease is transmitted
in a virulent "creation rite;" those who survive it are im-
mune to all diseases, whether natural or supernatural in
origin. Ratkin can also carry and transmit deadly infections
without suffering their effects or displaying

© Reduced Delirium: Weférats :
subterfuge during the Wars of
the Delirium as strongly as |

ence the victim's Willpowere

© Stepping Sideways: With the Rite of the Bolthole, a
pack of Ratkin can "stepysideways" into the spirit world.
Without this rite, ado atkin milist stare into a "shiny
thing" to enter the, areflective object). The
creature also needs p enthespirit world when

of shapechanger or ano
prevents the wererat from

bd Keening: In mom
lently scream" to all orher werera
Wererats can only "keen" when a
supernatural creatures cannot emulate OF
even with supernatural abilities.

a rodent language only they can understand. Spésking
ordinary rats is a separate ability, one that transmits emo"
tional content betrer tham complex ideas. Ordinary rats

(like those summoned by vampires) do not understand the

innate language of Ratkin. .

* Blessings of the Rat Incarna: The Rat Ifcarna
watches overa Ratkin from the moment of his firseInfection
(through the Rite of the Birthing Plague) to thé catharsis of
the First Change. After that, the wererat gains all the
benefits of the Rat Totem; if he does not adhere to its ban,
he temporarily loses those benefits until he performs an act
of atonement. Wererats can change their totem each time
they form (or disband) a rat pack; this involves the Dedica-
tion Rite (see below).

© Blood Memory: Wererats share racial memories
carried in their blood. The simplest version of this requires
a Gnosis roll. The creature may remember the name of
another Ratkin he's never met (difficulry 6) or recognize a
place where he's never been (difficulty 8; 6 for Tunnel
Runners). Only knowledge shared by other Ratkin can be
accessed by blood memory.

SS ee ers an eee ee es ee

ir symptoms,

By spending one Gnosis and rolling temporary Gnosis,
the creature can experience a sensory vision from the past,
possibly one that's relevant to a problem he's facing
(Storyteller's discretion). The creature accesses the experi-
ence of another Ratkin or rat-spirit from the past. With one
success, the vision can be from 10 to 50 years ago; with five
successes, it may from up to two millennia ago. Blood
Memory cannot reach further than that, unfortunately, and
it cannot compete with a Mokolé's Mnesis.

¢ Festering Blood: Rarkin blood is poisonous to any-
one trying to drink it. A vampire or other supernatural
creature attempting to drink wererat blood suffers one
unsoakable health level of damage each round; he also
receives disturbing psychedelic images created by

misperceptions of the Birthing Plague.

oe and ~he Pst ytitpg Phage

any werewolf legends, lycanthropy is a disease, a
rans oS mation that cakes place whena victim is mauled, but
arou see their origins as far more noble, an
a birthright —— but to the Ratkin,
sa curse. Carriers of plague, their legacy is
as mutated over thousands of years: the

in Kinfolk carry some small measure ofthis taint
When a Kinfolk is birren by. Ratkin (or ne a rat-

of corruptio
human, the hen a Ratkin breeds
' the nest of offspring
in their blood mani-

, cursed streaks of bad

- EE A homid begins life asa human, usually

unaware of her cursed heritage. Some claim "chemical
imbalances" are to blame for a homid child's deviant urges,
which can manifest in all sorts of interesting ways. Some
show a talent for schoolyard brawling or "creative destruc-
tion." Ochers are more introspective, listening to a "singing
in their blood" and experiencing dreams they cannot possi-
bly understand — until Infection awakens the true form
carried within them.

Homid Ratkin adults, like ratling children, are rarely
successful in life, ar least by human standards. But with the
Rat Totem guiding them, Gifts from Gaia empowering
them, and the strength of the Crinos form sleeping within
them, they have the resources to seize what they need,

CéAapter Two: Those WAo CAange 141

SS SN

5 |
t

deceive those who oppose them,-and unleash "pure chaos
into the world.

Beginning Gnosis: 1

Starting Gifts: Cooking, Eau de Rat, Persuasion

* Metis: When two Ratkin breed, the result of their
furtive coupling is a deformed and tortured creature, a huge
furred and fanged monstrosity, the very sight of which
horrifies humans on a primal level. This bestial creature is
secretly abducted by a Ratkin pack and taken ro the nearest
wererat nest or colony. Sharp teeth punish disobedience,
and endless brawls with swarms of ratling relatives develop
strength. Metis whosurvive this feral "childhood" musrrend
to the young, mind the treacherous manipulations of their
elders, and listen to the whisperings ip, their ble
world outside their hidden havéns, __

As they grow older, metisitentatively expl or - pnels ct at.

stretch into the surrounding' Umbrascape, offering chance
learn of the "Wyider" aspects of the sp
consider metis fanatics, since they grow up in the relatively
"pure" surroundings of the spirit world. To join with a Ratkin
pack in the human worldyprépating and crusading for the end
of che world, is a greathhonor —— and a blessed release from the
festering, sprawling middens of 2 a ‘Ratkin colony.
Beginning Gnosis:
Starting Gifts: Cloak of Sh
Sense Wyrm

oe a Mother's Touch,

* Rodens: Born as a ro fone hd pee by rats, rodens
Ratkin have ‘strong instincts for su \ when sur-
rounded by the largest cities. When they need co be curing,
they have sudden flashes of insidious insight, knowing the

best place to tunnel, gnaw, or sabotage. When cornered, they :

ith

can summon outbursts of primal Rage, gleefully joining v

a swarm of brothers and sisters to drive off (or devour) larger :
and stronger enemies. After Infection,- madness and hatred

can utterly ovetwhelm the clever mind of a rodens Ratkin,
offering new thresholds of exploitation and revenge.

Beginning Gnosis: 5

Starting Gifts: Absolure Balance, Leap of the - Kanga-
roo Rat, Survival

ALLIS =

When a Ratkin is first Infected, his disease grants him
feverish dreams: visions detailing the fare of the world, the
curse in his blood, and his role in the world. Some dreams are
granted by spiritual forces; others are the result of madness
and delirium. Ratlings lacking ambition are simply content
to fight and die, or spawn and breed. A few are chosen to
follow one of the four major aspects of wererat society.

e Tunnel Runner: The scouts of the swarm, Tunnel
Runners wander the world gathering lore and witnessing
what it has become. As messengers and mavericks, they
never carry wealth or keep a permanent home, at least
beyond the backpacks and knapsacks they often carry.
Loners learn to blend into human society, learning weak-
nesses that warriors can later exploit.

142 Players

d of thes

Guide fo the Changing Breeds

PEE. Ne TP A

Rampaging Tunnel Runners gather a band of compan=
ions, usually ones with spiritual or martial talents. In any
wererat pack, a Tunnel Runner must be clever enough to
scout ahead and cautious enough to always have an escape
route planned. Like the proverbial rats leaving a sinking ship,
they are ready to rake to the road on a moment's notice:..
even when their Companions are not as quick to follow.

AULTunnel Runners have the following Strengths & Weaknesses:

¢ Culturally Gifted: Inone day, a Tunnel Runner can
develop a persona that helps him blend into his cultural
surroundings. It's a quiet alternate identity that average
people don't question (as long as the Rarkin is discreer). His
appearance doesn't change; he just blends in. All Manipu-
lation or Subterfuge rolls related to naintaining this fagade
ire at a —2 difficulty..Each persona must have a different
-t he effects end when he leaves town and changes his

identity; although he can change it back when it returns.

. Wanderlust Visions: When.a Tunnel Runner is

physically Or spiritually lost, rhe Rat-Totem may grant a

vision of a destination that may offer help or a way out.

Be ‘Traveling Light: Tunnel Runners below Rank Three
cannot have points in the Resources Background. Rank Three
Runnérs cannot have more than two points in that Background.

‘Beginning Rage: 1

| Starting: Gifts: Danger Sense, Silent Running
| © Shadow Seers: Masters of spirit-stare into the shadows,
: te toplacin : forces that thers cafinot see, or even

from nines and ideas humanity lhaediscarded. Since crergdine
is oly to them, they. fen uncover choly relics" arnong the

‘can hear.
ever, profoniged con-

Wike other insightful Ratkin
(enlacion can drive mem ff

especially Since. Shadow Séer naust often enact the rites sthe
hold packs of Ratkin together: and justify the extreme acts
rambling packs of anarchists are capable of executing.

All Shadow Seers have the following Strengths & Weaknesses:

e Spirits Speak to Me: All Shadow Seers begin play
with the Theurge Gift: Spirit Speech.

* Spirit Sight: By spendirig one Gnosis'in the physical
world, a Seercan instantly see what is happening in the local
Penumbra; her eyes turn white when she does this. Alrhough
her body remains in the physical world, she cannot see what
happens around her in that world. Instead, her spirit watches
what transpires around it in the spirit world. Unforrunately,
thar leaves her quite vulnerable to physical arrack. Spirit
Sight requires active concentration, lasting up to a scéne.

* Disconnection: When Shadow Seers botch a Rage,
Gnosis or Willpower roll, they often see the spirit world as
more "real" than the physical world. A petty dispute be-


tween local Gafflings and Jagglings may be more important
than the physical objects and people nearby.

Beginning Rage: 2

Starting Gifts: Rat Mother's Touch, Sense Weaver

* Knife-Skulkers: Ratkin must make temporary alli-
ances to survive, working with a vast array of conspirators,
from scheming rulers who want to eliminate enemies to the
scum of supernatural society. Such interactions are best
handled by the Knife-Skulkers, creatures skilled in negotia-
tion, execution, and assassination. Experts at stealth and
subterfuge, Knife-Skulkers not only know how to kill unseen,
but also how to leada pack against enemies larger and stronger
than they are. For Knife-Skulkers, social interaction.requires

negotiations, especially when other éreacures of the night are».
involved. Most are skillful enough | e) craft contracts.¢hat _
benefit both parties. When negotiation break down, Skulkers

love to enforce the "punishment Clauses" of a contract. —__
All Knife Skulkers have the following Strengths & Weaknesses:
|" Skulkers begin play with

* Contracts and Contacts:

three points of Contacts (in addition to their normal start-
ing Backgrounds), usually int the form of "extralegal" infor-
mants. Some have oth 1 Chatiging Breeds as Contacts.

very ser riously. A Sle al
other Knife-Skulkeérs

ever he witnesses an act Of
race; this serves as a reminder of. vhen the Garou betrayed
the other Changing Breeds. : :

e Assassin's Code: When coritracred for 4 an assassina-

tion, a Knife-Skulker cannot allow himself to be seen. killing»

his enemy. He cannot confront his enemy face-to-face, a
he cannot strike while hidden by a Cloak" of Shas
Failure means a loss of Cunning Renown. :

Beginning Rage: 3

Starting Gifts: Sticky Paws, Truth of Gaia

* Blade Slaves ("Warriors"): Rat is a totem of war,
and the Blade Slaves are his most feral warriors. The samtrai
(and Nezumi) of feudal Japan would describe their,g&ctics as
"low war": options used when all prerense of hondr has been
abandoned. Enemies must be studied and gradually weak-
ened before this type of war begins. When the time is right,
the swarm descends in force, strikes first, and overwhelms its
foes. These warriors get their name from the fetishes they
carry: each learms to bind a violent spirit inside his favorite
knife, sword, or other implement of destruction. When in.
the throes of rapturous meditation, they whisper and chitter
to their tools of destruction. And when they revel in heights
of Rage, they unleash hidden spiritual talents that cripple
their opponents —— often literally.

All Blade Slaves have the foliowing Strengths & Weaknesses:

* Pain Dagger: Only Blade Slaves can perform the Rite
of the Pain Dagger, which binds a spirit inside a favored
weapon so that it inflicts aggravated damage. At the
Storyteller's discretion, the warrior may also be able to

Se nee es en cee Ee SS me

access one of the Charms of the spirit within the blade (he
must pay an additional Background Cost to use the item as
a fetish; see below). Another Ratkin can wield a Pain
Dagger, but only ifhe undergoes special rituals (and buys the
2-pt. Meric: Enslaved by the Blade); however, he cannot
access the Charm bound within the blade.

¢ Buff and Tough: All Blade Slaves have an extra
health level. Draw an extra square above the character's
Bruised Level, and label it "Tough."

* Blood Lust: Blade Slaves are more susceptible to Rage
than other aspects of Ratkin society. The difficulty for their
Rage rolls is always 5, regardless of the phase of the moon,
direction of the wind, time of the month, or any other factor.

Beginning Rage: 4

Starting Gifts: Resist Pain, Slicing Teeth

_ Strange. days are upon us. As the world dies screaming,
of Ratkin gather, and some of their offspring possess
supernatural talénts never seen before. Ratkin who experi-
ence déviant visions during their Infection are called Freaks,
and their esoteric ways form the basis of Freak Aspects:

Twichers succumb easily to frenzy, exploiting their
supeinatural anonymity and Freak Gifts to unleash epic
outbursts of anarchy.

atkin Engineers exploit insights into the Weaver's
ways, exploiting hyperactive lab rat'intelligence to scavenge
supplies and. weapons forthe swarm.

—Plague Lords master the ways.of disease, using their spiri-
tual insight co craft new iological terrors to unleash on. mankind.

ough to think they're
epic expeditions that

physiques, a stoop: or slo ch, a nervous twitch, or beady eyes
that dart about constantly. Ugly Ratkin tend to be of
average height, with a steady gaze, a calm disposition, and
quiet pacience. This allows them to secretly plot against the
human race without being interrupted by curious humans.
Some Ratkin actually emulate the qualities humans find
attractive, so that rhey may raid rhe human gene pool and
produce more of their kind. By breeding more human
Kinfolk, they increase the number of potential wererats.

* Crinos: When a Homid form Ratkin shifts to Crinos,
its height increases by about 2
form Garou. Okay, so maybe it slouches a bit more, and
perhaps you might find its dexterous rattail unattractive.
Maybe its fur and muscles twitch a bit too nervously when it's
filled with Rage. However, its handsome whiskers extenda
good two or three feet from its elegant snout, and its sharp
teeth can puncture steel. The creature's eyes don't really glare

Chapter Tavo: Those Who Change 143

a.


with acrimson sheen in the night. That's just'a myth — unless
the Ratkin wants them to shine«-A Crinos-form Ratkin can
use bite and claw maneuvers; these cause aggravated damage.

© Rodens: This form resembles atypical Rattus rattus or
Rattus Norwegicus. le may be as small as akangaroo rat or as
large as a housecat. Either way,.it can crawl and climb
anywhere an ordinary rat can, squeezing through an opening
as small as a coin, walking with perfect balance along a
taught rope, and scurrying behind cover quickly enough to
not be noticed. Rodens-form Ratrkin have one featured
ordinary rats do not, however: on each paw, one of the digits
can be used as an lopposable thumb.

opie SPP: aL
Crinos

Strength +1*
Dexterity +4
Stamina +2*
Charisma +2
Appearance —1
Perception +1 Perception +3

*Metis Ratkin have a+2Z modifier to Strength in Crinos, but
only add a single die to Stamina in that form. They have
surging muscle mass, but little long-term endurance.

Le

Ratkin begin play with three Gifts: one for their breed,
one for their aspect, and one Ratkin Gift. A few of these
talents are curious variants of Bone
Gnawer Gifts, especially chose
taught by the many varieties
of rat-spirits. While Bone
Gnawers can teach Rarkin
Bone Gnawer Gifts Gif they're
taught by rat-spirits),-wererats
can't teach Bone Gnawers any
of their Gifts. Spirirual revela-
tions are far too
rare, and gifts
of socks or
cheeseburgers

Rodens
Strength —i
Dexterity +2
Stamina +2

are much cheaper.- Various rat Sr rodent spirits teach inost
of the following Gifts.

© Cloak of Shadows (Lével One) —— The Ratkin ¢an
hide himself and anyone he's touching in shadows. A.night-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Cinosis and rolls Ma-
nipulation + Srealth; if there's a witness, the difficulty
equals its Perception + Awareness dice pool. (if there are
multiple witnesses, usé the highest value.) The area cloaked
depends on the number of successes.

Successes Cloaks the Ratkin...

One and no one else

Two arid one other human-sized person or object

Three and three other human-sizéd people, or an
object as big as a car

Four and eight or more human-sized creatures, or
an object as big as a van or SUV

Five and 12 or more human-sized creatures,.or an

object as big as a tractor-trailer truck

* Darksight (Level One) All Rackin have a limiced
degree of night vision; this Gift magnifies and extends this
ability. The Gift-is taught by a nighr-spirit.

System: The player rolls Perception + Occulr (diffi-
culty 7); each success adds one die to all Perception rolls for
the rest of rhe scene (maximurm of three extra dice). With
five successes, the Ratkin might even see sound orsenseheat
signatures. If the roll succeeds at all, the wererat's "night
vision" (as described under Traits) still costs 1 Gnosis,
but lasts for eight hours.

« Crawling Chaos (Level Two)
= The Ratkin can skitrer across
vertical surfaces with preter-
natural abiliry.

System:
The -roll ito
climb asurface
. is Dexterity +
' Athletics; the
2 difficulty de-
pends on the -sur-
face, from 5 for rough wood
: or stone to 9 for glass or ice. The
difficulty increases: by one if che
Ratkin is defying
gravity.

PPE GPENCERS OF

|

* Backbite (Level Three) —— The wérerar ¢an disap-
péar itito the Umbra, instantly reappearing behind an oppo-
nent up to 50 feet away.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and one Rage;
the victim must be within line-of-sight. The Ratkin can
immediately attack in this same turn; the strike is rolled ar
a-—2 difficulty (minimum difficulty of 4).

* Attunement (Level Four) —— As the Bone Gnawer Gift.

* Riot (Level Five) —~ As the Bone Gnawer Gift.

e Eau de Rat (Level. One) :— Punish foes with a
supernaturally festering stench This Gift, works best on

the creature can waft the "smell i
System: The player spe id

alldice pools while the stench
who can't make a suce

nthe air. Weaver Gafflings
illpower roll. (difficulty 9)

© Persuasion (
* Instinct (Lev

lis perma-
en). If the

the first petty or brural act his characte:
Sroryteller can choose to revise or mod

* Reshape Object (Level ‘Three)
homid Gift, but taught by a Wyld-spirit:
* Body Wrack (Level Four) — As the Black ary Git

Mb aftis Cite

* Rat Mother's Touch (Level One) — As the Theurgg: :

Gift: Mother's Touch.

* Sense Wyrm (Level One) — Ratkin can use: it of
their senses ro detect the W/yrm, although smelL4é perhaps
the easiest ro use. Sensing the Wyrm requires a round of
active concentration.

System: This Gift works differently from its Garou variant.
Roll Perception + Occult (difficulty 7); the number of successes
required depends on rhe concentration and strength of the
Wyrm's taint. Smelling afomor inanempty room would require
one success, for instance, but if he's standing in the warehouse
of King Breweries surrounded bycrares of Wyrm-tainted whisky,
it may require five successes to pinpoint where he's hiding.

* Stink (Level Two) —— The Ratkin with this dubious
blessing is able to saturate a 10-foot-by-10-foot area witha
horrific odor to drive victims away.

System: The player spends one Rage and rolls Intelli-
gence + Occult. Anyone wanting to remain in the area must
succeed at a contested Willpower roll (difficulty 7).

Se scene mes eee seen pees a ee

‘Gis used oO cleans

Chapter Two: Those VUiho Change

— a OD A TNE

* Sliver Tooth (Level Three) — The Ratkin's incisors
can leave nasty splinters behind when used in a successful
bite attack.

System: Afrer a successful bite attack, the player spends
one Rage. Any damage inflicred cannot be healed untilall the
splinters are removed. The victim must score at least 5 successes
on a Dexterity + Medicine roll to remove them; this takes a
number of turms equal to (10 minus the number of successes).

* Wheip Body (Level Four) —~ As the Ragabash Gift.
Rodterar Cie

* Absolute Balance (Level One) — With this Gift, the
créature can maintain her footing on any solid object, whether
that's a wire connecting rooftops or the icy slope of a moun-
cain. As long as the Gift is active, the rat won't leave tracks.
System: The player rolls Dexteriry + Athletics; the
ulty is 6, bute extremely narrow or treacherous surfaces

at cannot slip or fall, even when he's in
form.

"the Kangaroo Rat (Level One) = .A
capable of amazing leaps, and can.even
"ton. in mid-air. Rarkin can use "this Gift in

layer rolls Staniina + Arhletices (diffi-
success, the Ratkin can leap once

Tease Gift as part of "Long
h a series of hops up tro
he wererat moves an
pend one Rage and
s3.on a failed roll, the
age. The damage can't

running," crossing long dis
twice her norfial jumping di
average speed of 10 miles per'
make.gne roll for each hour of
erat takes one level of leth¢
be healed until the Ratkin re
* Devour the Dead (

‘Ewo) — This gruesome
» The Ratkin summons a
iri ume a dead body, removing all
physical evidence it was there.

System: The-player spends one Gnosis; the swarm
consumes the body in three turns. All items on the body ar
that time are Carried off somewhere into the Umbra, prob-
ably never to be seen again.

* Sliver Tooth (Level Three) «— As the Rarkin metris Gift.

* Mind of the Swarm (Level Four) — The wererat
with this Gift is able to command a horde of ordinary,
mundane rats through sheer will.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls Manipu-
lation + Animal Ken; the effects last anmumber of hours equal
to the Rarkin's Willpower. Each success allows the Ratkin ro
command up ro ten ordinary, mundane rats. (For derailed rules
about swarms, consult a copy of the Ratkin book.)

145


Fartsrif yg peteEr Cif fet

*- Danger Sense (Level One) —-—""When a ship is
sinking, the rats leave first. Tunnel Runnets act as scouts for
their race, so when danger is near, they may receive a flash
of warning about a possible danger.

System: The Storyteller may roll for the character's
Wits. + Alertness when danger is near; this is normally
difficulry 6, but subtle or supernatural danger may raise this
to 7 or 8. The warning doesn't have to be specific; it may just
be an image affecting one sense. The player can thendeclare
one quick-thinking or panicky reaction for the character
before the threat of danger becomes real.

* Silent Running (Level One) —— The R&tkitvcan hide

his tracks and path of travel from: all 1ethods of detection

her presence utterly.

System: The play
ligence + Stealth. a
witness's Perception rating, €
Runner. For large groups, compare
Perception in the crowd. The Gift la
until the Ratkin decides to end it.

gainst the highest
, for e scene, or

* Bolt! (Level Three) —- Fighting to the death is ao
fool's game. This Gift permits a Ratkin to. escape from .

combat he can't win.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and one Rage: the |
Ratkin can appear up the 50 feet away, as longas his destination |
is within line-of-sight. The Ratkiry may spend additional Rage

in the turn he uses this Gift to gain extra actions (usually to run
away). Halt the Cowards' Flight doesn't prevent the initialS0-
foor leap. Returning to a fight after using this Gift roéscape is
foolhardy, resulting in a loss of rwo Cunning.° oe"

* Speak in Tongues (Level Four) —- The Ratkin with
this Gift can choose to speak -and understand ariy one
human language under the sun.

System: The player spends one Willpower; rhe knowl-
edge lasts for ome scene.

Skene Séar CII

* Rat Mother's Touch (Level One) —— Ags the Theurge
Gift: Morher's Touch.

* Sense Weaver (Level One) —~ The wererat can sense
Weaver-spirits ofall varieties. The spirit must be within sensory
range, and each type of Weaver-spirit has a distinctive sound or
smell. This perception may vary from rat to rat. Shadow Seers
can also sense when an area has been "calcified" by rhe Weaver,
and thus help their packs "snap the Weaver's threads."

L46

Players Guide to the CAAAGING Breeds

LE LP ET iY SL A

System: The player rolls Perception' + Oecécult; the
difficulty depends on the strength and concentration of the
spirits. A lone Weaver Gaffling, for instance, only requires
one success. More successes may give some insight into the
spirits (such as their relative strength), although this is
always from a Ratkin's perspective.

© Name the Spirit (Level Two) — As the lupus Gift.

* Conunand Spirit (Level Three) — Asthe Theurge Gift.

* Pulse of the Invisible (Level Four) =— As the
Theurge Gift.

© Sticky Paws (Level One) — The Skulker can snatch
a weapon froman enemy's hands (or paws, or claws) and use

_it.against him in the same turn.

_ System: The player spends one Rage, and rolls Dexterity +
elee to grab the weapon; the difficulty is the victim's Dexterity
© Victim cannot resist; such is the nature of the Gift.
is Truth of Gaia (Level One) —- As the Philodox Gift.
/- ‘Stal vel Two) — As the Ragabash Gift: Sense
of the Prey.
. Doppelganger (Level Three) —~ As the Glass Walker Gift.
* Open Wounds (Level Four) —— Asthe Garou metis Gift.
Ge ipevel Five) — As the Philodox Gift.

od S Resist Pain, (Level One)" re the Philodox Gift:

* Slicing Meeth (Lével-One) — As the Ahroun Gift:
Razor Claws, but works with a Ratkin's bite arrack. « Curse
of Hatred (Level &s the Garou metis Gift.

* Bolt! (Level Three) = As the Tunnel Runner Gift.

. Persecution Complex (Level Four) — As the Srar-
gazer Gift: Preternatural Awareness. |

Uniéss otherwise specified, < atkin rite can be learned

| Byeany wererat. Some are Satiants of Bone Gnavwer rites,

most .nOtably..the.Ritevor the Cardboard Palace (see
Tribebook: Bone Gnawers).

DLaelcation Le

Every Shadow Seer knows this rite; but any Ratkin can
learn it. Dedication drives a pack, even a temporary one. As
part of this ritual, the gathered Ratkin dedicate rhemselves
to the same totem, acknowledging the collective goal they
want to achieve. The wererats form.a circle, each placing
one object in the. center. The ritemaster then walks
widdershins (counterclockwise) around the gathering and
speaks to the heavens on the pack's behalf. The objects in
the center vanish until the goal is achieved or the pack
disbands. When the first goal is achieved, the pack must
decide whether to renew the rite, staying together for
another enterprise. Of cotrse,-idealistic long-term goals
(such as "overwhelm the Wyrm with the chaos of the
Wyld") can take a lifetime to achieve.

|


System: The ritualist spends one Gnosis and rolls
Chatisma + Rituals (difficulty 6) at the climax of the ritual.
Each success yields one temporary Background Point for the
purpose of choosing the pack's rotem.. If the ritemaster
doesn't get énough successes for a particular torem, the rats
in the pack can spend remporary Willpower for additional
Successes (as many as necessary): the points don'r refresh
until the goal is achieved. Some bonds are easier to forge:
dedicating to a City Mother or Father requires 3 successes;
an aspect of the Rat Incarma (Rat, Rat God or Mother Rat)
requires 5 successes; Grandfather Thunder asks for 7.

Rie of the FiritinGg Fitigia

Garou inherit a legacy of heroism: Ratkin receive a

curse. The Rat Totem leads: packs of Wererats (G_ places =

where their Kinfolk have beer hiding sin. classic werewolf
tales, a solitary shapeshifter attacks its victim. The intentis _
not to wound or kill, bur to infect the victim ewith the _
Birthing Plague. If the Kinfolle has aAstrong taint of Ratkin
blood, he'll contract a feverish illness, culminating in his
First Change. Ordinary humaiis, and weak Kinfolie, die
horribly from the same. illness Se an outcome ruthless
Ratkin welcome with equal joy. _ :

System: This. ritual only affects humans, .tats, and
Ratkin Kinfolk; it does TOE. affect other supernatural crea-
tures. First, a Ratkin or rat-spirit must bite onclaw a chosen
vietini: If the attack does damage (after soalc), the ritualist
rolls Wits + Ricuals (difficuley 7) ducing chae sanie scene to
spread the Infection. The virulence of the disease depends
on the number of successes. :

One success inflicts: one health, ie el.
damage. | :
Three successes inflict enough aggravated dama,
take the victim down to the Wounded health level, be
ing a fever dream of terrible visions (chosen by the Rat
Totem) and a full day of unconsciousness.

Five successes inflict enough aggravated damage to take
the victim down to the Incapacitated health level. The
dreams continue until the victim is resuscitated.

Humans get sick, and sometimes die. Ratrkin Kinifolk, on
the other hand, have a chance of becoming Ratkiri: In the last
millennium, Ratrkin Kinfolk had a one-in-ten chance of receiv-
ing Infection and undergoing their First Change; at the
Storyteller's discretion, the odds may have increased since then,
and willincrease as the End Times advance. Roll 1d10; ona roll
of 1 or 2, the Kinfolk "breeds true" and becornes a wererat.

if that d10O roll fails, roll Stamina (difficulry 6); three
Successes means the victim survives after a protracted ill-
ness. Orherwise, inflict one additional level of aggravated

ee se es en ee een re es ee

damage each day until the victim dies: Oh; by the way, if the
victim isn't Ratkin Kinfolk, he must make thatsame Stamina
roll, but against a difficulty of 8.

SIEPEOLGY LEP

Johnry-Kill-Lately , Ratkin Blade Slave , laisncheés into arant:

* Rokea: Whar the hell do you need ro know? Stray out
of the fucking sea. How hard is thar? Stay on the goddamn
boat, and you'll be fine.

* Nuwisha: Supernatural coyotes with a sick sense of
hurhor: They love practical jokes —- deadly practical jokes
=~ so they're pretty fucking amusing. Uve also heard they
don't like to wear pants.

* Mokolé: Lizards and dinosaurs, arid every weird-ass
reptilian combination in-between. Long memories, ancient
grudges, don't seem to give a damn about the Apocalypse.
The bi gones are easy to avoid. Warch out forthe small ones,
: Oe supernatural alligator ina sewer cam wipe out
slony.if you don't kill ir t auick:

Then the Garou ‘almost wiped them out. Now the world is
going up in flames, and think those lazy shits are going to

Rat-killing, egotistical, homicidal
. You know the story: Xdhey hunted the Fera

uicatch thern, they die.
hey don't know when
ay to silence them.

. they serve the Weaver, or the
Wyrm, or maybe they' re onour side. Fuck if know. They eat
children, drink blood, enter some kind of mind-meld shit
with swarms of insects. I have no fucking idea what t6 do
about them. Rats are good at hiding, but spiders are smaller.
Ile would be cool if you could pop them like fleas, though.
« Ajaba: Diseased African hyenas? Who gives a shit?
Are you going to Africa? No! Talk ro rhe Plague Lords, then.
Africa will be theirs, soon enough. I need a drink. Enough
talking! Let's go get a beer! And let's find a Bastet!

Lewy cars fist? tiitf iia (all te catse@ bie fleet ors ~li8 JIOOP* before toracogy, Y GOIAP LL oe. jute OF Gewr

CG OUr EMILE LP GOW

fete fads

—

ter LF Nowe EF our fen fo fe MD

Chapter Two: Those Who Change

Se

147
_——

~~.

5
t

a a a

fRoKea

Roger coughed from the smell. Sharks were good money, but kicked the fish in the gills: He had afew more fins to cut off, and
he could barely stand their stink long enough to slice the fins off then he could get rid of it and start heading home.

an extra weight had been added suddenly.
Roger looked up and nearly put his
hand too close -to the .monster's
mouth. Cursing,.he stood
up. and

overboard? Possibly over one of those lonely-
hearts cruises; she sure wasn't arvy kind of
looker. Roger was still pondering that
when she walked past him, picked up
the shark, and threw it overboard.
She turned back to him and gave
himmalook that Roger cmild only inter-
pret as pure hate. Then, without so
muchas a backward glance, she jumped
into the sea.

Roger ran. to the boat's railing and
peered over, but saw nothing but the
black night-ocean. Grabbing his flash-

light, she peered down into the water
to see anvy sign of the woman.

He did not see her. What he did
see was something huge, rushing to-
awerds his boat from below.

Fucking hippies were right,
was Roger's last thought:

Séape SPitfl!

Before Gaia, .before
any life at all, there was
Sea. Sea, the mother of all,
was constant and yet ever
changing, and for a time was

satisfied with that simpliciry.
But then-she desired com-
pany, and so she churned her
waters and created-her Three
Daughters, C'et, Kun and Qyrl.
The Three Daughters
fought constantly, and
pushed up land and moun-
tains, forming Unsea. In
time, each of the Three
ventured to
Unsea, form-
ing the land so

Za them. He shook his head and muttered something about Something tapped him on the shoulder. He spur around,
the hippies making shark fishing illegal, not for the first yg heart pounding, and found himself staring into a woman's eyes.
: time. Fuck the hippies, anyway, he thought... What ff The woman was soaked and completely naked, with a jaw that
they didn't know wouldn't hurt them, and he could jutted out too far and bulging muscles. She looked down at the
sell today's take for close to-a thousand bucks. ° shark behind Roger, and then back at his eyes. °
Not bad. Roger could not think of one thing to say. If she was a
The boat gave an odd lurch, as though swimmer, she was a long way from shore. Maybe she'd gone

that ir-could hold tiny pieces of their morher, and thus
creating lakes and rivers.

The Three Daughters bear some resemblance to the
‘Triar. C'et, the mother of hard-shelled crearures; might easily
be compared with the Weaver. Kun, the mother of all fishes
and the force of creation and fertility, is reminiscent of the
Wyld. Finally, Qyrl, the Tentacled One, who desires nothing
more than to extinguish the sun and plinge the world into
darkness, shares some traits with the Wyrm. But these names
Wyld and W/yrr
the Garou. The Garou have their legends about Helios and
Luna, and about how life began. The Rokea know the truth.

@yrl,.after venturing to ~Unsea,. wished to explore
further, and climbed to Oversea; biting hold of his skin with
her beak. Though she was finally torn down, she rent a
wound in Oversea, which bled hot, fiery light and boiled Sea
where it touched. Only through Kun's ingenuity and Unsea's
help was the Wound soothed, for they created a balm ‘that
covered the fiery Wound. Orher Changers know the Balm
as the moon, bur the Rokea know the truth.

The Three Daughters now spawned, creating new life
to Swim through Sea, walk on. Unsea, and fly threiig!
Oversea. But Qyrl, barred from Oversea forever for what she
had done, wished to close the Wound (thus etidir
world) and schemed to do so. Kun, realizing tha
one day succeed, created arace that would surv!

Rokea, Even the Garou that new about the weresharks
weren't fool enough to swim.out-into the oceans and
proclaim their dominance. The Rokea swam-beneath the
waves for millennia, following Kun's first and most impor-
tant command —— survive.

And then the Industrial Age dawned, and the humans
went towaron Sea. Berween the sudden influx of pollution,
the sudden presence of immense steamships, and the teeming
numbers of humans living on and near Sea, the Rokea were
at a loss as to what to do. They were under no orders to war on
humans, and many responded to the threat as predators are
wont to -— by leaving the area. The seas are vast, and no
matter how the urge to explore gripped the humans,.they
could not venture everywhere. But many of the sharks with
which Rokea bred swam near coastlines, and the command to
surviverequired the Rokeato protect their Kin. The weresharks
never warred on humanity to the same degree as the
werewolves, but they sank their share of ships and even
ventured on land when. curiosity took them. Even with the
damage the humans were doing, however, the Rokea could
easily have endured —~ until the first Small Wounds opened.

See ne ms ene Ae EE Es ee

ofects Lite

All Changing Breeds have their Litanies,; and ap-
propriately enough, the Rokea's is probably the simplest.

© Survive: The first and principal law by which all
Rokea abide. The race must survive, for the weresharks
were created ro endure the Great Unmaking. Rokea
therefore do nor rush into foolishly heroic endeavors,
unless not doing so would spell doom for the race.

* Hunt: Rokea are predators, like the sharks with
which' they breed. Part of their sacred duty to Sea,
therefore; is to hunt, thinning the schools and keeping
the oceanic ecosystem alive.

° Spawn: Although Rokea-do not die naturally,
they fall to cheir enemies (and each other) often enough
to require them to breed. In the wake of Turna'a, the
breed has arrempred to build their population again,
but they reproduce very slowly. Kun, mother of life,
requires that they spawn, however, and so they do.

: esSwinid If sharks cease swimming, they die. The
_Rokea equate forward motion with life, and so they
_swim to new waters whenever given the chance.

an nuclea ar blasts, which, Rokea call Small Wounds,

Rad (without their knowledge) nearly wiped out
athe weresharks in one sickening moment. Worse yet, the
Gathering had-been called to reach a decision: on what
course of action to take about humanity and its war on Sea
—~— but the decision never reached the massed Rokea before
the bomb detonated.

Whe Escteccirrar fg

The sutvivors did as they wished for more-than a
decade, some living intermittently on Unseaand Sea ("swim-
ming berween"), some warring with humans, some swim-
ming far from humanity and waiting for the Grear LUunmak-
ing. But then an unidentified Rokea proclaimed that no
Rokea should venture to Unsea under any circumstances,
and any sea-dwelling wereshark should hunt down such
rogueés and retrieve them. Of course, restraining a Rokea is
nearly impossible, and so the war escalated. In a few short
years, the "betweeners" faced death at the jaws of hunting
parties if they made their existences public: This war rages
even today; ocean-dwelling Rokea hunt down the béerweeners
and slay them. This practice is even part of the Rokean Rite
of Passage.

Chapter Two: Those who CAange 149

a ES A SL,


The Let Days

‘The Rokea exist much as they always have=— they follow
Kumn's Law (see sidebar), breed occasionally, and war on
anything that threatens the Breed. The berweener war, still
less than 20 years old, is the most immediate threat to the
weresharks' continued survival, although the fact that hu-
manity massacres nearly one million metric tons of sharks a year
is likewise a concern for ocean-dweller and betweener alike.

Opinions vary among the Rokea about how best to
survive the coming Unmaking (for all weresharks agree, in
the wake of Turna'a and the Red Star, that the end is near).
Some feel that they must breed with humanity, producing
human-born weresharks. After all, the humans have proven
to be incredibly tenacious in clinging to life, even for all
their attempts to kill each other off. Orher Rokea feel thar
they must simply swim to the deeps and await the End,
emerging only when Unsea has cracked and sunk and all
that remains is Sea.

Rokea may be found anywhere that sharks live, and some
places that they aren'r. Some Rokea live on land full tim:
(with occasional trips to the ocean to replenish their Gnas'
see below), others never set foot on land. The controyversi:
betweeners split their rime between land and sea, becoming
knowledgeable abour humanity (and often the creatures tha
live alongside humanity) and dodging attempts

being. And indeed, some Rokea choose this lonely life.

Most, however, recognize that in the face of Turna'a
anid the betweener war, the rules have changed..It may not
be possible to simply hide in the water and await the end of
the world.. The Kunspawn might have to act, decisively, if
they are to survive —- but that requires coming to consensus
on the betweerier war, possibly reconciling with the Same-
Bito (see Chapter Four) and deciding what to do about the
humans and their slaughter of sharks. Some headway has
been made in the past few years towards opening discussion
with the Garou, and as the Same-Bito are part of the Beast
Courts, they could perhaps open relations with other Fera
But until the Rokea stop hunting each other down, they will
be unable to act cohesively —- and this, perhaps, is exactly
what Qyrl intends....

Raed Hewsepre

Betweener: A Rokea who chooses to live mainly on
larid, returning to Sea to regain Gnosis and retain her
shapeshifting powers.

C'et: One of the undersea Triat, the incarnation of
stasis and permanence, analogous to the Weaver.

150

& :
plished without « coming close to shore or 3 any Gthers sent ent. oo
explosions.

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE Le TY A

Dirtwalker: Derogatory térm for a land-dweller.

Grotto: An undersea caerm. Some have specific r6tem
spirits, some are overseen by Sea or Undersea.

Kadugo: Human .Rokea Kinfolk,.the offspring of a
normal human and a Rokea. A Rokea mating with a kadugo
may produce a homid Rokea.

Kraken: Another name for Qyrl,-the one that most
land-dwellers know her by.

Kun: One of the undersea Triat, the incarnation of
creation and fecundity, analogous to the W/yld.

Kunspawn: Another name for the Rokea.

Moon's Blood: Silver, believed to be the' discarded
remnants of the Oversea's Balm mixed with his blood.

Oversea: The sky; the term is used to described both
the physical sk'y and the Celestine who rules the sky.

Oversea's Balm: The moon, sOmetimes simply called
the Balm. The Rokea-do not recognize the moon as an
Incarna as such; to them is it simply part of Oversea.

Qyrl: One-6f the undersea Triat, the incarnation of

| destruction, ambition, and entropy, analogous to the Wyrm.

| Rorqual: A dolphin or whale in service to Sea! Rorqual
supply Gnosis to Rokea, and sometimes actas mentors to the
weresharks.

Same-Bito: Asian weresharks, considered traitors and
heretics by most Rokea. ,
; 7 orld he term is uséd

s: In ae pace: t bis term was-used to
more commonly used to describe nuclear

Three Daughters: The undersea Triat: Kun, C'et, and
Qyrl. .
Undersea: The sea floor.
Tinsea: Any land; the term is used to-describe both
physical land (both the sea botrom atid dry land) as well as
the Celestine who rules the solid earth.

Wound, the: The sun. Sometimes called the Great
Wound.

Kgatea~or

The Rokea have little in the way of true organization;
their mumbers are too few. They learn Gifts from undersea
spirits (all Rokea can communicate with such spirits with-
out the use of a Gift) and gain Renown from recognition by
Sea, Kun and each other (see Chapter Three for particulars
on Renown).

Rokea have no animal Kinfolk; they simply breed with
natural sharks. The result of such a mating always produces
one Rokea (regardless of how may offspring that species of
shark would normally produce). When the new Rokea


reaches séxual maturity (usually two or three years) she
enters the Long Swim..Unlike the bloody First Changes of
the Garou, the Long Swim is a voyage of discovery and self-
awareness, ending when the Rokea finds'a spirit, Rorqual or
another Rokea who can guide her to a grotto.. There, the
Rokea enters Séa's Soul and meets with Sea, who reaches
the wereshark her first Gifts and explains the Law.
When.a-Rokea mates witha human, however, the
result is never a wereshark. Instead, the offspring of a
wereshark and anormal human is called kadugo —~- Rokea
Kinfolk. Ifsuch a being mates with a Rokea, the resulr of that
pairing has the usual chance to breed true and produce a
homid Rokea.. The Same-Bito mate with humans more
regularly chan other weresharks, and even among the East-
ern weresharks homids are rare in the extreme. No human-
born' Rokea have ever been allowed to reach maturity
outside of the Middle Kingdom; they usually fall prey ro the
hunting parties searching for their berweener parents.
Despite the Rokea's usual distaste for humans in get
eral, and the breed's overriding feeling that breeding with
them would weaken the race, every Rokea that sets foot on

Unsea feels a strong and constant urge to mate. Berweeriers |

first noticed this sensation during the summer of L999,

corresponding roughly with the first appearance.of the Red __
Star. No Rokea, however, has been able to discérn why this _
urge is present. Some postulate that Kun is pushing the _

wereshatks towards merging with Khiimanity and creating a
new breed better able to swim in miankind's circles.""Most
Rokea pos this view as heretical and offensive.

subtle differences exist.

* Rokea use Animal Attraction. al
still able t6 influence potential mates in this manner.

¢ Shark-born Rokea (which is most of them) cannot
bégin with an Appearance rating higher than 2.

« All Rokea are constantly compelled to move. On
land, Rokea pace unless the player succeeds in a Willpower
roll (difficulty 6) each scene. If restrained, rhe Rokea must
check for frenzy.

° Rokea frenzy with only two successes of a Rage roll.
Four or more successes inclicate thar rhe wereshark enrers a
state called Kunmind, similar to the Thrall of the Wyrm.In
such a state, the Rokea attacks and eats any being within
reach. Rokea do not enter fox frenzy.

* Rokea inflict full Delirium: iri Chasmus form and
partial Delirium in Gladius form (treat the viewer as if his
Willpower were two points higher).

° Weresharks regenerate as Garou' do, except that
Squamus Rokea can regenerate in breed form, provided they
are immersed in salt warer. Also like werewolves, Rokea
cannot soak silver damape except in breed form.

* Rokea communicate by means -of electrical signals
called the Sending. They can receive the Sending in all

a

_ like scales.

ig powers, but several

forms (including Homid) but.can only broadcast ‘it in
Squamus, Chasmus and Gladius forms. The player rolls
Charisma + Primal-Urge to convey information via. the
Sending; the difficulty varies based On how complex .the
message is. All Rokea within line of sight can understand
and communicate via the Sending with no rolls required;
normally a Sending carries for a quarter mile underwater
(and deciphering a Sending at that range requires an Intel-
ligence + Primal-Urge roll}. On land, the Sending only
carries for 50 feet and can only be broadcast in Gladius form.

* Rokea have superb sense of smell (-3 roscentdifficul-
ties in Squamus form, -2 in (Chasmus and Gladius form, -1 in
Gladius while on land).:Also, weresharks can orient them-
selves by sensing electrical currents; this requires a Percep-
tion + Primal-Urge roll (difficulty 6, or 7 on land bur then
in Gladius form only).

* Rokea gather in slews, much like Garou packs. Slews
are often bonded by a totern and may learn and execute slew
maneuvers. oa

*,. Any-opponerit who strikes a Rokea in Cchasmus or
Gladius form barehanded must immediately soak two lev-
els of lethal damage due to the wereshark's tough, tooth-

¢ Rokea‘cannot step sidéways without using a Gift or
the Rite of Passing the Net. They can perceive and commu-
nicare with pelagic spirits without the use ofa Gift, however.
Two of theamiGre comimon se. : ith which they
interaét are remora and Rorqual. B. Kami (Gaian

spirits: in » Bbysical bodies). Remora act. as«messengers be-

oF (° Rokea do not die natur rally: Once they reach adule.
hood, they simply stop aging.
ge, Cine: ape) P Uiower

All Rokea begiti with 4 Willpower. Rage and Gnosis
are determined by auspice and breed, respectively. Rokea

begin with two Gifts, one from auspice and one general
Rokea Gift.

Breede

Rokea do not produce metis, because they never mate
with each other. Even only land, where the urge to mate is
so strong, the weresharks do not feel the urge to breed with
one another. Therefore, only two breeds of Rokea exist —
homid and squamus.

* Homid: Prevalent only in the Middle Kingdom and
rare if the extreme even there, human-born weresharks
enter their First Change around the same time homid
werewolves do. Aside from looking much more human than
squamus Rokea, homids also have the advantage of under-
standing the surface world and speaking human language.
Orher Rokea, however, consider the notion of human-born
among them abhorrent.

Chapter Two: Those Who CAange 151

A a eS EY ENN


Beginning Gnosis: 1

* Squamus: The vast majority of Rokea are born of
sharks. Of the néarly 400 species of shark in the world,
however, the Rokea breed only with the largest and deadli-
est (only about 20 pércent of the species}. Rokea might be
born of makos, white sharks; tiger sharks,. hammerheads,
blue sharks, thresher sharks, blackrip sharks or bull sharks.
A bit of light research should provide plenty of inspirarion
for Rokea characters of differing species.

Squamus Rokea are under the same Ability restrictions
as lupus Garou (see p-61 of Werewolf). Asstated, asquamus-
breed character cannot have an Appearance rating above 2.
Such characters.do gain a free dot of Primal-Urge and
Survival, however.

Beginning Gnosis: 5

Tiers

Rokea have three auspices, based on when they are born.
The weresharks see the sun as an immense wound in-the sky,
and believe that night is the result of Oversea applying medi-
cine to the Wound. As he runs out of medicine, rhe Wound
shows through, becoming visible even ar nighr (as seen in the
waxing of the moon)..Once the moon is full, Unsea and Sea
make more medicine for him, and the cycle begins again.

* Brightwater: Rokea born during the day when the sun
is shining or under the full moon are Brightwaters. Brightwaters

are warriors among warriors, vicious and brave, but' they
possess an odd desire to be near the surface. This is due, they
say, to their connection to the Wound —— they feel Oversea's
pain because they were born when his pain is greatest.

Beginning Rage: 5

Starting Gifts: Eyes of the Wound, Restrainr

* Dimwater: Dimwater Rokea are born during the day
when the sun.is clouded over, or at night during any moon
phase except full or new. Assuch, most Rokea fall under this
auspice. Dimwaters are the stabilizing force in Rokea soci-
ety, deciding policy and leading slews. They are also the
strongest proponents of the hunt for berweeners, and re-
sponsible for creating what few fetishes Rokea use.

Beginning Rage: 4

Starting Gifts: King Fish, Sea's Voice

¢ Darkwater: Nicknamed the "mad ones" by other
weresharks, Darkwaters are born under eclipses Gr on the
new moon. They are the most curious and innovative of the
Rokea, diving to‘the frigid depths or walking on land ro
uncover new secrets. Although they are the rarest .of the
Rokea, most of the greatest victories and worst defeats —
in Rokean history can be traced ro a Darkwater.

Beginning Rage: 3

Starting Gifts: Blood of the Deeps, Silent Sending


fpr

Rokeéa have five forms, much as the werewolves do; but
most Rokea only have access to four of them. Their Glabro
form -—— called "Round Back"-by the Rokea —— is only
accessible to weréesharks who have ventured on land long
enough to learn how to assume it.

All five the Rokea forms have Latinate names as well as
the more descriptive ones (Swimming Jaws, Fighting Jaws,
etc.}. The Latin names were coined by a Glass Walker called
Martin One-Name who was fascinated with the Rokea. He
was probably responsible for most of the knowledge thar the
werewolves have about the elusive weresharks. Ironically,
he met his end at the jaws of a Brightwater called No-Prey-
Remains in the waters off the coast of Australia.

* Homid (Long Fins): An unnatural form for most
weresharks, the Homid form tends to be ugly, hunched, and
walleyed. Squamus Rokea tend to "imprint" on the first
humans they see to determine the race of their Homid form.

* Glabrus (Round Back): The Rokea loses all body
hair and grows even more ugly. She gains little in the way of
height but-nearly 100 percent of her weight in muscle. Het
back broadens as'the dorsal fin begins to form (henc
form's name). As stated, océan-dwelling Rokea dot
ally kriow how to assume this form, although 6
and homid-born Rokea do.

« Chasmus (Fighting Jaws): As fearsom. as St

Jaws is, most Rokea prefer Fighting Jaws for battle. In this

form, the Rokea is a-shark, but is half again as long as her
Swimming Jaws form (meaning a 20 foot white shark grows
to 30 feet in Fighting Jaws). This form incires full Delirium
in humans.

° Swimming Jaws: The natural form for most Rokea,
this form is indistinguishable from a normal (if large) shark
of the character's species.

Glabrus Gladius Chasmus Squamus
Str: +2 Str: +3 Str: +4 Str: +2
Dex: +0(+1)* Dex:-1(42)* Dex: N/AG+1)* Dex: N/A(+3)*
Sta:-+2 Star +2 Star+3 Sta: +2
Man: +2 Man: -4 Man: -4 Man: -4
App? -2 App: O

+L Bite Damage
Diff: 9 Diff: 6 Diff: 7 Diff:6

*The numbers in parentheses apply in the water, where rhe
Rokea are obviously more maneuverable.

a

A tiger shark-sptrit teaches this Gift.

LLL
Rokea begin play with two Gifts, one choser frorn the
general list and one from the auspice list.

Cremer "kad CULE

* Breach (Level One) — As the Level One lupus Gite:
Hare's Leap.

* Killing Bite (Level One) —~ A Rokeacan slay most
enemies with one bite, but sometimes a more powerful blow
is needed to fell determined opponents. This Gift allows the
Rokea to deliver a fearsome bite in any form. A shark-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Ragé poifit to activate
the Gift. The next successful bite attack the character lands
inflicts rwo additional levels (nor dice) of damage.

* Gulp (Level Two) — A favorite of berweeners, this
Gift allows the Rokea to swallow any non-living object she
can fit into her jaws, and then regurgitate it later, unharmed.

cated for purposes of shapeshifting. The Rokea must be in
the same form when she swallows and regurgitates the iterns,

"and may not use this Gift to swallow something new without

first spitting up anyrhisi:

> rays included. The G ift allows the Rokea to
deliver a venomous sting with its tail or fingertip, often a
good defense against an opponent too tough to simply be
beaten down. .

System: The player spends one Gnosis point for the
character to manifest the stinger, either at the endl of the tail
orat the tip of the index finger. The charactercan then sting
an opponent (this requires a Dexterity + Brawl roll, diffi-
culey 7). The victim must roll Sramina (difficulty 7). Failure
indicates the target takes lerhal damage equal to the Rokea's
Rage. One or: two successes means the target suffers no
damage, but does take a —Z penalty to all rolls for the
remainder of the scéne due to the extreme pain the wound
causes. Three successes negate the effect, as does the Gift:
Resist Toxin.

* Shark's Bones (Level Three) —~ Rokea in - human
form are often annoyed by how hard and brittle their bones
become. This Gift allows the Rokea to change her Homid
form bones into the pliable cartilage she is used to, if briefly.
This allows her to squeeze into small openings (as tiny as
eight square inches) and resist blunt damage. A shark-spirit
teaches this Gift.

Chapter Two: T hose Who Change 153

a EY ENE

=|
:

t

System: The player spends one Gnosis point, and the
Gift lasts for one scene. During that time, halve the damage
of any bashing attack made on the character before soak is
rolled. This Gift can only be used in Homid or Glabrus forms.

* Kun's Maw (Level Four) —— As the level four Get of
Fenris Gift: Fenris' Bite.

* Relentless Hunt (Level Four) —Oncea Rokea chooses
a €ourse of action, few forces beneath Oversea can change her
mind. With this Gift, the Rokea may apply herdetermination to
her chosen course of action, adding sheer persistence to her
strength andi skill. A shark-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: When the Rokea learns this Gift, she chooses a
goal or action. This goal must be easily srated ("Protect the
Chill Water Bites Grotto" or "Destroy Hallahar Fishing").
No form of mental or ernotion control can force the Rokea to
abandon or‘act in a manner counter to her goal. The player
receives One automatic success on ary roll that furthers the
character's goal. If the goal is ever accomplished, the player
may choose another. If the character wishes to change the
goal before accomplishing the original one, the player must
spend a permanent point of Gnosis. The goal must be specifh
— "Survive" or "Fight enemies" is not acceptable.

* Great Surmmons (Level Five) As the lupu:

Song of the Great Beast. This Gift is usable only@t sea, and

typically calls up giant sharks or. aquatic dinosaurs.
. Ocean' s,Peace (Level Five) — Before Sea. (os

automatic success on any roll, but does not actually lose the
point unless no successes are rolled naturally. That is, if the
roll fails, the character still gets one success and the Will-
power point is marked off as usual. If the roll botches, the
character loses the Willpower point but the botch is treated
as a simple failure.

RPI IED COTE

© Eyes of the Wound (Level One) —— Ags the irietis
Gift: Eyes of the Cat, except that the Gift also immediately
compensates for sudden flare-ups of light. A' shark-spirit
teaches the Rokea this Gift.

e Restraint (Level One) — Rokea, and Brightwaters
in particular, enter frenzy easily. This Gift, taught by a spirit-
servant of Sea, allows the Brightwater to ignore her slew-
mates and allies entirely, even when lost to Kunmind.

Systern: "The Rokea must activate this Ojiftt before
entéring frenzy. The player spends one Gnoasis point and
rolls Willpower (difficulty 6). For each success, the player
chooses one character. The Rokea; if she enters frenzy, will
ignore each chosen character entirely.

154

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

a A

* Narke's Gift (Level Two) — The Greeks called the
electric ray narke, and had great respect for the little fish that
could produce a charge powerful enough to stun a man. The
Brightwaters respect the ray as well, and long ago learned its
deadly secret. Obviously, a ray-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Rage point "and rolls
Rage (difficulty 6). Each success inflicts one level of lethal
damage to anyone within 20 feet (in the water)..On land,
the damage can only be inflicted om one grounded target
(unless the Rokea can touch the target directly). Afterusing
this Gift, che Brightwater must wait three turns before doing
so again.

© Undertow (Level Two) —- The Rokea stirs up "a
vicious current that sweeps a target in whatever direction
che wereshark chooses. The Brightwater might use the Gift
to pull a human out to sea, force any opponent towards the
surface, or draw a victim towards her waiting maw. A spirit-
servant of Sea teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Strength Primal-Urge (difficulty 7). The number of suc-

cesses" determines the strength of the undertow ——~ anyone

caughe in ic must bear the Rokea's successes on a Strength
+ Athletics roll (difficulty 8) to escape it.

* Bends (Level Three) —- When air-breathets dive
into the depths of Séa, they rin the risk of suffering from
decompression sickness orthe "bends." The humans mumble
about nitrogeti bubbles i t oodstréam,.but the Rokea
knowsthat Sea simply ishes the humans fortrespassing.
allows the Brightwater to inflict. chese painsomany.
srVvant OO! epee teaches

evel of lethal damoge. On land, ¢ any target may soak. this
damage, even those not normally capable of doing so. Inthe
water, however, only water-breathers may atrempt to soak
it. The wounds caused by this Gift are extremely painful, and
inflict an extra die of wound penalties.

« Strength of the Crashing Waves (Level Three) —~
As the Level Three Get of Fenris Gift: Might of Thor.

* No Walls (Level Four) — Nothing confines the
Rokea' in Sea, but on Unsea, the humans have erected so
many barriers that it drives the Brightwaters to madness.
This Gift, raughr by a spirit-servant of Kun, allows them to
bypass such blockades in the most direct way possible. The
character simply batrers his way through whatever stands
before him, mo matter what the material.

System: The player rolls Strength + Athletics (diffi-
éulty 7). The character smashes through any man-made
barrier ina number of turns equal to (8 —the successes on the
roll). This Gift does not function on barriers that do not
directly impede the Rokea's movement; the Rokea could
not batter his way through a ship's hull, as he could more
easily swim around the ship.


* Blood of Darkness (Levél Five) — As the Children
of Gaia Gift: Halo of the Sun (Rokea see light as the blood
of Oversea).

¢ Pain of the Wound -(Lével Five) —— The Wound
streams with fiery blood, and the Brightwaters are born in
the light of that blood. Elder Brightwaters can harness that
destructive power and turn it on their enemies, calling up
mystical flame that burns even in the coldest depths of the
ocean. A spirit-servant of Oversea (more specifically, a
servitor of Helios) teaches this Gift.

Systern: The player spends rwo Rage points arid rolls
Strength + Rituals (difficulry of rhe rarget's Stamina). Suc-
cess means that target bursts into flames,.suffering three
health levels ofaggravated damage per turn until dead or until
the Rokea discontinues the Gift (very powerful magic might
also be able ro interrupt the Gift; Storyreller's discretion).
The target may spend a permanent point of Willpower to
avoid the damage for ome turn. The flame burns anywhere,
regardless of lack of oxygen or other such conditions.

2 erpwaiper CAP

« King Fish (Level One) — The shark is regarded:
regal Or divine in many cultures (rhough nor nece
benevolent). The Kunspawn grudgingly admit thar.e
thing the humans have right. This Gift allows the
to command respect. Av-shark-spiric teaches thi

6  Sea's "Voice (Level One) —
Galliard Ge

by making eye contact. The: target eanno :
power is in effect, and can barely muster the: stren, [
breathe. The wereshark can act normally, but breaking eye
contact disrupts the Gift, and so the Dimwater's usual action
isto slowly move toward hervictim.Any deep-sea fish-spirit
can teach this Gift.

System: The characrer must make and hold eye con-
tact with the target. The player sperids one Willpower point
and rolls Charisma + Intimidation (difficulty of the target's
Willpower) each turn. As long as the player achieves one
success on these rolls, the target cannot rake any action at
all.. The only way to escape this Gift is by entering frenzy
(provided the rarget is capable of doing so):

e Spit Teeth (Level Two) — The Rokea may spir her
teeth at any opponent from. a distance. While Spit Teeth
can be used in the water, irs grearest utility is in. the fact thar
it can be used in any form (Homid included) and therefore
is just as useful on land. A shark-spirit reaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Primal-Urge (dif-
ficulty 6) to loosen the teeth; one tooth per success becomes
loose. The player then rolls Dexterity + Achletics (difficulty
6) to strike with them. The maximum range for spitting the

Se se es an ee een Pe es

Chapter Two: Those Who Change

— Ea LP TY NT

teeth is 25 feet. Each tooth ‘iriflicts one health level of
damage, provided that the roll tohit succeeds. Thisdamage
is considered aggravated.

* Drown (Level Three) —~ The Rokea causés an air-
breather to grow gills, so that she must breathe water to
survive. More diplomatic Dimwaters might use this Gift to
allow a visitor to come to Sea, but most of the time, the Gift
is used to kill air-breathers or force them leap into the
water... where the Dimwater's slew awaits. Any fish-spirit
can teach this Gift.

System: The player spends a Willpower point and rolls
Willpower (difficulty of the victimn's Stamina + 44). Success
forces the target to breathe water (fresh or salt) to survive,
but offers no protection from other sea-borne hazards (pres-
sure, temperature, sharks). The effects last for ome hour.

* Sea's Wisdom (Level Three) —~ The Rokea swims
about in a-tight circle, forming a small whirlpool. In the
rushing water, she can hear the advice of her mother, Sea.
This Gift is taught by a spirit-servant of Sea.
«System? The player rolls Intelligence + Rituals (diffi-
y 2). ‘This Gift can only be used in the water. The more

with one exception. Sea has thus far refused to give any
Dimwateran opinion onthe betweener war. Most Dimwaters
assume this means she approve:

/ anipulation + Occult (difficulry 6). Five cubic feet of
water are animated for each success. While Living Sea can
be used as aweapon (by drowning air-breathers or strangling
water- breathers —— this inflicts the Rokea's Gnosis in lerhal
damage dice each turn), the animated waterresponds to any
mental command the Rokea gives it. It can therefore propel
the Rokea through the water are great speed, immobilize a
foe, or even propel the Rokea a distance into the air. The
Gift's effects last for as long as the Rokea concentrates.

* Quick Currents (Level Four) — As the Level Four
Child of Gaia Gift: Strike the Air.

* Common Foe (Level Five) — ~The Dimwaters
believe that all creatures should know and stay in their
places, but @yrl routinely upsets the natural order. There-
fore, the eldest of the auspice can rally any being not
corrupted by @yrl to fight against her, regardless of their
usual inclinations towards the other parties on the battle-
field. .A spirit-servant of Kun téaches this Gitt.

System: The player spends one Willpower point and
rolls (Charisma + Leadership (difficulty 6). The character
emits a Sending or, ifon land, needs to attract the attention
of those nearby with a shout or growl. If the roll succeeds,

i155


any supernatural beings in the area (including Garou or
other Fera, mages, and imbued hunters) cannot attack one
another if a ¢ommon threat jis present. "Common threat"
typically meansaservant of Qyrl; willing servants of Qyrl (in
any of her incarnations) are not affected by this Gift. Any
affected party who attempts to attack somedane orher than
the common threat suffers wound penalties as though
Crippled (supernatural means of mitigating this pain do not
function). Common Foe lasts for one scene or until the
cornmon threat is vanquished.

« Leviathan »(Level. Five) —— While the Gift: Great
Summons allows any elder wereshark to call up aid from the
unseen depths, the Dimwaters dislike the disruption in Sea's
harmony that such beasts cause. This Gift allows them to rake
matters into their own jaws, becoming such a beast rather than
summoning one. A spirit-servant of Kun teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends two Willpower points and
two Rage points. The character changes into a monstrous
shark, nearly 80 feet long. This grants +5 to all physical
Attributes after Fighting Jaws modifiers (so a Rokea with
Strength 3 in Homid form would have Strength 12 as a
Leviathan). Also, the Rokea regains at least one Rage pdi
per turn. This Gift lasts until the end of the scene.

Lakeaster Cufie
* Blood of the Deeps (Level One) — Mas
built forceld onextremely deep walters,

asafe depen before the Gift expires. Bloo )
protects Rokea from natural environmental harm; Gifts and
other supernatural powers that inflict cold or pressure dam-
age have their normal effects.

© Silent Sending (Level One) — + While Rokea dislike
keeping secrets, che Darkwaters recognize that the Dimwaters
and Brightwaters simply don't need to know all-the disturb-
ing things that the mad ones see. This Gift allows the Rokea
to use the Sending selectively, rather than simply broadcast-
ing a message. Remora-spirits teach this Gift.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Primal-Urge
(difficulty 6) to activate the Gift. If successful, the player
may choose who receives her character's Sendings for the
remainder of the scene.

* Enter Sea's Soul (Level Two) — Ordinarily, Rokea
cannot step sideways without using the Rite of Passing the
Net (see below). Darkwaters, however, long ago discovered
how to part the thin aquatic Gauntlet on their own. Any
spirit-servant of Sea may teach this Gift.

System: Once learried, this Gift is permanent. The
Reokea may step sideways just as werewolves do. This Gift

156

play:
remainder of. the | scene, the character mayor

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OL EE LE: TY LS A

doesnot provide protection from the iricreased préssure and
cold of the undersea Umbra, however, although the Gift:
Blood of the Deeps does.

© Piercing Shriek (Level Two) -—- ‘The Darkwater
emits'a hotrible wail that paralyzes any who hear it. The
Rokea's allies are affected by this Gift as well, although the
Darkwater cam emit a Sending to warn them and mitigate
the effect somewhat. This Gift is taught by a dolphin-spirit.

System: The player spends one Rage point and rolls
Wits + Primal-Urge (difficulty 6). Anyone within 30 feet
(in the water) or 15 feet (on land) must oppose the Rokea's
roll with a Willpower roll (difficulty 8). Anyone not match-
ing or exceeding the Rokea's successes collapses in agony for
a number of turns equal.to the difference in successes.
Characters using powers thar heighten their sense of hear-
ing (such as the Gift: Heightened Senses) may not attempt
to resist; they simply collapse for a number of turns equal to
the Rokea's successes. If the Darkwater chooses, she may
warn allies beforeusing the Gift. This requires the use of the
Gift: Silent»Sénding and reduces the difficulty on the

Willpower roll to six.

# Scent of Blood (Level Three) — As the Level Three

Shadow Lord Gift: Direcr the Storm:

« Swim Through the School (Level Three) —~ The

, Darkwater may ‘move through crowds with ease, slipping

through thronging mas:
even curbs thy
S¥stem:

wimming. This Gift
b

spends a Gnosis poittts For the

werful blast of force, much like a depth charge. This Gift

"Gs useful barh on land and in water; although force carries

much farther underwater. This. Gift is taught by strange
spirits of force in water called Breakers.

System: The player spends one Willpower point and
rolls Rage (difficulty 6 in water, 7 on land). Success creates
aconcussion that travels out fromthe Rokea ina cone. Any
living thing caught in che blast suffers lethal damage equal
to the successes on the Rage roll..On land, targets must also
roll Dexteriry + Athletics (difficulty 8) or be knocked down.
In water, the Gift's range is the Rokea's Staminax 2 in yards;
on land, this range is halved.

* Wave's Passage (Level Four) — By focusing on ‘a
object, the Rokea can cause it to age as though left under-
water for years. W/ood becomes brittle, paper yellows and
falls apart, metal tarnishes and rusts, ete. A spirit-servanht of
Sea teaches this Gift.

System: This Gift takes one full turn to invoke. The
player rolls Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 7). Each success ages
the object one year underwater. One is usually enough to
erode wood to the point that it crumbles, while metal might


require three or mores The Rokea may use this Gift as an
extended action, wearing away at the object until it breaks.

* Madness (Level Five) — As the Level Five metis Gift.

* Oversea's Gift (Level Five) —- The Rokea can walk
on land or swim the sea, but they cannot visit Oversea, and
this expansive territory calls to the curious Darkwaters. This
Gift allows them to assurme a form capable of flying. The
wereshark's body becomes light and a chin membrane
stretches from her wrists to her ankles, granting her "wings"
much like a butterfly's. A spirit-servant of Oversea teaches
this Gift.

System: This Gift ray only be used in Gladius form.
The player spends two points of Gnosis. Once in this form,
the Rokea can fly (maximum speed is 30 mph) bur can swim
much faster (up to .70 mph for short bursts). The Rokea's
Attributes do not change, nor does her natural weaponry,
which allows for some impressive attacks while airborne.
While this Gift is active, normal humans ignore the flying
sharkman unless it atracks them, and even. supernatural
beings must roll Willpower (difficulty 8) to sée her unless

using some special power (such as the Gift: Scent of the ‘True:

Form). This Gift lasts until the Rokea wills it to end.

Rokéa make use of coinparatively few rites: Th > rit

Cleansing Spirit teeeenalln a ome Opened © Th,

often. Ocean-dwellers use it to find sharks of a eee breed

so that they can mate. Betweeners use it to find kadugo. :

However, either type of Rokea can use this rite to find either
type of breeding partner, meaning that ocean-dwellers some-
times hunt betweeners by hunting their offspring.

System: The Rokea either leaps into the sky (in the
water) or stretches her arms skyward (on land).-The player
rolls Perception + Rituals (difficulty 8). Success allows the
Rokea to find kadugo within five miles, or sharks of a specific
breed within 10.

Se ee tees a ernie ts SR i

~ orartiiae

Level Two

The Rokea sometimes refer to the Gauntlet as the Net.
Werésharks cannot swim sideways normally; they require
Sea's permission. This rite is the means of asking her
permission. To perform the rite; rhe Rokea involved must
swim toa grotto and ask Sea for her leave to pass the net. If
she agrees, the Rokea may enter Sea's Soul for one cycle of
the moon (28 days). At the end of this time, the Rokea
appears in the Realm outside the grotto where she (or they)
asked permission.

System: The player whose character leads the rite rolls
Charisma + -Rituals (difficulty 7). Only one  sticcess is
necessary.

Level Two
Betweeners are-véry much on their own when it comes
to réceiving Valor Renown, but Sea and Kun grant Har-

mony: ande JAHOvaction, and the cceari-dwellers can't take

away a betweener's connection to his spiritual mothers. This

. rite allows mental communion with Sea, so that the Rokea
_apay report her doings and gain Renown for therm.

The Rokea must be at least partially immersed in sale

» Water, but even a bathtub sprinkled with table salt counts.

counts her doings and takes
PP) Sue. see fic.

The wereshark then. mentally 1
her reward (Or pon

Guards the Shoals, a "Dimwater hunter, recounts the les-
1s of centuries:
« Garou: The wolves want to rule che dirt? Let them.
* Ratkin: These creatures, I hear tell, were once asked
tocheck the growth of the humanschools. Either they failed
miserably or they were prevented from doing their tasks.
Pity; as many -of their kin cross Sea on human vessels, we
could have worked together against the dirtwalkers.

* Mokolé: The closest of the Changers to us, and the
only ones who even remotely understand what it means to
be eternal. [f we can save them from the Unmaking, we will.

SIG CF Of fle water. J laa &t fle fal? saprstisi Gott Say late.

Chapter Two: Those Who Change

157

a a EE NNT

|
t


After the wolf had been sent away, there came a dog, adee?;
ahare, a bear, alion, and all the other dnimals of the forest, one

after the other.

—— The Brothers Grimm, "Mrs. Fox's Wedding"

A Fera character works imore or less like a Garou in many
ways. Many of the things that define the werewolf also hold
true for most Fera. Most Fera, for instance, regenerate as
Garou do, are allergic to silver (or gold), frenzy when they
receive too many successes ona Rage roll (difficulty for frenzy
checks being 6 if the Fera does not possess lunar auspices),and
learn Gifts and rites in much the same manner.

Ofcourse, there are several significant differences for every
Fera, even those who seem superficially close to Garou such as
the Nuwisha. Most of these differences are covered in Chapter
Two, but this chapter also presents. a number of exceptions, as
well as compiling the various new Abilities, Backgrounds and
similar Traits available to Fera characters into one place. Some
of the new ideas presented here might even be modified for
Garou characters in an alternate chronicle (such as presenting
aworld where Garoucan use Den-Realms), although the Silver
Rule applies: Ask your Sroryteller firsr.

Aiea

Fera chatacters generally possess the Abilities listed in
Werewolf, with the following additions, available as sécondary
Abilities. Note thatsome of the following abilities are restricted
to certain Fera, namely Biorhythms and Flight. Players and
Storytellers owning Players Guide to Garou might wish to
pick other Secondary Abilities described in that book.

CAapter Taree: Laws of the Jung le

a A LT A EL

Nite SRE: LOPLI LETS

Hibernating through anvéentire season, bears and many
other animals have=thé Ability to,.make changes: to their
metabolism: and some | odily functions, suchas subtly changing
body sei t wichstand great ] ld x heat, and even

ta be able tox con trol their metabolism to ysuch a ‘earee e that they
can actually shut out paifi, lowerre. piratory functions to almost
nothing, increase fertility, « or cose blood circulation.

oe Practiced Youcanslowdéwn our etabolismm, letting
you go great periods with, king sustenance.
ooe Competent: You can actually control parts of your
respiratory system and ever nvoeluntary muscles.
Expert: You sean isclare- sOIneparts of your
metabolism, while others remain normal.
eeeee Master: You can actually stop: your heartbeat and
start it again after a prolonged hiatus.
Possessed by: Gurahl
Specialties: Breath Control, Circulatory System, En-
during Pain, Fasting, Fertility, Toral System Shutdown

159


Naw Valerie: Fiigtf
Birds of a feather, what do they do? Well, they #1
And that's whar this Talent demonstrar
hhe wereravenis' capability of compl:
: navigation, evaluating m:

yon flat land, and
ily to the sky-born.
rax and what precious
, such ascertain Mokolé.

flapping the wing: ic
This Talent is only availal

cee t: You can fly through dense forests or
i dscapes with no difficulty.
ddd 5 our aerial acrobatics and speéd of wing

atched in the animal kingdom.
eeeee Master: The Red Baron? Storm?! No way. Watch
this, and eat that, ugly!
Possessed by: Corax
Specialties: Combat Maneuvers, Tailing, High-Alti-
tude Surveillance, Dive-bombing, Aerobatics

New SEE Seq ferinig

Seafaring represents the ability to rig, maneuver and
perform light repair on various kinds of seagoing crafts.
Though anyone can row a simple dinghy and muck around
within the cove or on the lake, it's no simple task maneuver-
ing an oil tanker, let alone rig a large sailboat.

° Novice: The oars on side;.-and your back ‘to the
direction you're going in, right?
Cd Practiced: You've scrubbed your share of decks and

know what goes where and what knots to tie.
Competent: Advanced technical knowledge is the
only flaw in your expertise.
Expert: You're -qualified to serve as a ranking
officer of first mate.
eeoeee Master: Trim the sails, boys, tonight we're sailing
through the Devil's Straits!

Possessed by: Sailors; Dockworkers, Navy Officers,
Betweener Rokea

Specialties: Motorboats, Sailboats, Seamanship, Kayaks

News SKE Sasi

If there's anything that wins a game, any game, ‘it's
planning. Whether-a simple football match for fun-or a
world-scale military campaign it's the team with the best
tactics that wins. Characters possessing this Skill know what
weak spots in the enemy to look for, and to use that against
him. To use your own weak spots arid anything else handy
to your advantage..Add a bit of Intimidation, Subterfuge
and Leadership, and you can't lose.

od Novice: You played juniorfoorball when youwerea kid.

160

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

/ Jee LA A

oe Practiced: You played foorball in high school.
ooo Comipetent: You coached foorball in high school.
Expert: You'coached football in the NFL.
Master: Your memoirs will be the foundation of
military school textbooks.

Possessed by: Foorball Players, Simba, Wild Predators,
Military Personnel

Specialties: Strategies, Maneuvering,.Campaigning;
Planning

Nate SE Natigagy tore

To cértain Fera, navigation skills could mean dearth or
life. Whether navigating the high seas, the skies above, or
the treacherous Umbra, none should go too far without at
least basic understanding of Navigation. The Corax are
renowned for their ability to discern directions from above,
while none rival the Rokea under the sea. Characters skilled
in Navigation can use this Knowledge to cut down on travel
time as well as avoid getting lost.

hd Novice Yeah, ve been there. I think.

oe Practiced: You can read a map and figure out where
you are.

owe Competent: With this level of expertise you' re able to
draw up a detailed traveling plan through rough terrain
and follow it through without difficulty.

eowwe

Expert: You're a natural explorer, able to rustle up
a Dr. Livingston with-little trouble.
Master: Sure, I know the way through that insane
death-trap tunnel in the bowels of hell. Piece of
cake. But it's gomma cost ya.<..
Possessed by: Corax, Pilots, Rangers, Nuwisha
Specialties: Aerial Navigation,-Nautical Navigation,
Rotiting, Map Reading

SAKGPOUIRE

Some of the Backgrounds presented here are specific toa
certain Changing Breed. Others, such as Den-Realm, are pos-
sessed by a number of Changing Breeds. Players and Storytellers
should feel free to customize the look and feel of a Background
to better reflect the personality of the Breed in question..A
Nagah's Ananta is very different from a Gurahl's Umbral Glade
in look and feel, even if the mechanics are the same.

Pte lr

Den-Realm? Ananta: Umbral Glade. These are all forms
of "pockets" of Limbra the shapeshifter calls her own (or, asin
the case of Ananta, the Nagah shares with her nestmates).
Bastet, Gurahl and Nagah can purchase this Background.

A Den-Realm is a patch of the spirit world that has been
attuned to the shapeshifter, tying thern together spirirually,; like
a metaphysical singer and her song. A shapeshifter can only be
attached to one Den-Realm at a time, though several partners
may share the same glace, fuelingskeptics' theories that it isreally
the Den-Realm that chooses its hosts and not the other way
around. Garou, in particular, do not understand how Den-

eevee

:


Realms work, and sorne believe that the Fera, upon creating a
Den-Realm, steals a piece of the Umbra, which in turn "hurts" ir.

Coming into possession of a Den-Realm happens one of
two ways; either it is handed down, as some kind of price or
heritage, or it is ritually created. Naturally, the various Fera
have different rités for this, such as the Bastet Rite of Claiming.

A Den-Realm is situated between the Umbra and physi-
cal reality, extending into the Near Umbra like a burrow
between both worlds. This den is in many ways like a Domain,
and unwanted trespassers may not enter. Most Den-Realms
are tied to the areas in physical reality where they are created,
although a-Nagah Den-Realm is actually transportable, and
the wereserpent may carry it inside of her. While carrying it
she may enter the Urnbra at any time in the manner of the
Garou. Den-Realmsare most commonamong the shapeshifters
without the inherent abiliry to step sideways; they are a means
of claiming a portion of the Breed's spiritual birrhright.

The Realm may look basically however the creator wants
it ta look. Some favor grand Den-Realms furbished like
Victorian mansions, Incan pyramids,or Hindu temples, with
magnificent gardens, springs and hunting grounds, though
the Gurahl, for instance, prefer a patch of dense but lush and
beautiful woodlands, with perhaps a cozy cave for rest.

Though an Ananta lies hidden underwater, chancing
upon.any other Den-Realm within the Umbra is no walk in
the park either. Not even spirits pay any attention to them,
seeing only some sort of neutral boundary without any more
attraction to it than any other part of the Umbral geography.

Possessing a Den-Realm can have more benefits than
merely having a hideout and a short cut into the Limbra,
though. The following are innate powers the owner(s) of the
Den-Realm can do within its borders (and only there):

«. Stepping Sideways: The Den-Realm's master can
step sideways into the Umbra ata base difficulty of three; bur
the owner of the Glade can opt to raise the difficulry for
others (see below). No shiny object is required as a focus.

* Skipping: ‘The character can "blink" from ‘place to
place within the Glade. This requires a standard Gnosis roll,
and the character can "blink" as many times per scene as she
has Gnosis points... The distarice for a skip is the same as the
character's ordinary movement capacity, though the char-
acter may certainly move out of range of sight if this is within
that movement capacity.

Toperform a blink the character leaps from her ¢urrent
position, to emerge out of any solid object, such as a tree or a
stone, and ernerges from it the following turn. She must have a
solid object to blink into, but the object need not be large enough
to logically contain her form. Failed rolls leave the character at
her original jump point, botches freeze her in mid-blink.

* Sensing: Being at one with her lands, the owner of
the Den-Realim knows what transpires within them.If some
act of evil or violence (including bulldozing or forestry) is
performed on either side of the Gauntlet, a lingering pain in
the soul follows rhe Fera until she finds out what it is, and
preferably deals with it. The player rolls Perceprion. + Den-

SS seer eae arene eens ames RO ak is

Realm (difficulty 8) for the character to instinctively get an

idea of the transgression, or to locate rhe anomaly.

¢ Tracking: The Fera always instinctively knows the
way to her Den-Realm.

* Peeking: The character may Peek into the Glade
from éither side of the Gauntlet, like the. abilicry of the
Garou. The Gauntlet counts as three for this action, regard-
less of what it truly is.

« Teansport: The Fera may transport one additional
being with her to her Glade: There is no limit-as to how
many she may bring with her, but she can only do so with
one person at a time.

When creating a Den-Realm, there are several other
neat options available for purchase by expending more Back-
ground Points an it. Obviously, a Nagah nest can afford more
options berween them than a single Basret, bur since a Fera
can only be part of one Den-Realm, most Nagah have to chip
in to the communal Ananta, and not possess a personal one.

Below is alist of options for how to invest points in Den-
Realms. Size is automatic, and the character also gains-one
free option point with the first point spent. All additional
options are purchasable by investing one Background Point
per option per level to increase either or all. Obviously it
costs one point to purchase one level one option, two points
to purchase one level two option, three points for one level
three option, and so.dn.

* Replenish Gnosis: Eack level increases rhe amount
of Gnosis replenished per day within the Den-Realm.

* Provides nourishment: Each level increases rhe amount
of nourishment, illusory or actual, the Den-Realm provides.

© Inner Peace: A certain appropriate ability is picked, for
instance Enigmas or Meditation,-upon creation of the Den-

Realm. This Den-Realm isnow attuned to this particular ability,

and using it within the Den-Realm is substantially easier.

© Reduce or Increase the Gauntlet: The Gauntlet of
the Den-Realm may be reduced or increased by up to three
points. This does not apply for the owner, whose base Gaunt-
let is always 3. Please note that the Gauntlet modifier is
applied to the level of the Den-Realm, so if you've spent two
points of strengthening the Gauntlet, it is eight if your Den-
Realm is level two, but eleven if your Den-Realm is level five.

Den-Realms are measured primarily by size, which ‘is
the base and obligatory option for level one. Pick one
additional free option for level one,and purchase additional
options at the cost of one Background Point each per level.
. A 20 x 20 ft. area: Base Gauntlet is 5. Options: The

Glade can replenish one point of Gnosis per day. No
sustenance is provided, and there is no Ability
modifier at this level.

id A50-~x 50 ft. area. Base Gauntlet is 6. Options: the
Glade can replenish two points of Gnosis, food for
two people can be provided (although it conveys
no true sustenance at this level), Ability modifier
is minus one difficulty.

Chapter Three: Laas of the Jungle 161

aa A LS SY A TEIN,

t

eee A100 x 100 ft: area. Base Gauntlet is 7-Options: The
Glade can replenish three points of Gnosis per day,
true sustenance for one person can be provided (or
"empty" food for a whole group), the Ability modifier
is minus two cifficulry.
A 500 x 500 ft. area: Base Gauntlet is 8.Options:
The Glade can replenish four points of Gnosis per
day, sustenance for three people can. be provided
(nearly as fine as real food), and the ability modifier
is minus three difficulty.
eeeee A1000x 1000 ft- area. Base Gauntlet is 9. Options: The
Glade can teplenish five points of Gnosis per day,
sustenance for five people can be provided (and it's as
fine as any mortal food), the ability modifier is minus
three difficulty and an automatic success.

MIAME

‘This Background is the Trait that defines the Mékolé
in their role as Gaia's Memory. Although Mokolé are unable
to channel ancestor-spirits as the Garou do, they are able to
tap into the racial memory of the Dragon Breed, remember-
ing things that may have
happened many mil-

lennia

The rating inthis Background determiries how far back the
Mokolé can remember —— with sufficient effort.

Activating Mnesis-‘is not a simple matter; the Mokolé
enters directly into the memory of his Breed, going on a Mnesis
quest just as Garou might quest fora vision in the LImbra. The
process is sornething like undergoing self-hypnosis or deliber-
ately entering a dream with no control over the outcome; the
Mokolé enters a trance when Mnesis questing, and is oblivious
to the outside world until the quest is complete. Since a Mnesis
quest might bé long and complicated enough (or even enrap-
turing enough) to lastfor hours, most Mokoléonly enter Mnesis
while in the safety of their wallows.

« A century or so.

sad A millennium or so.

ove The Impergium-and the béginning of human
civilization.

ewes Back until the awakening of the mammalian
shapeshifters.

eseee The timé.of the Dinosaur Kings.

SESE

This Background is just what it sounds like. The character
hassome sort of information that would be considered desirable
bysomeone else. So much, infact, tharthe character might gain

from saving it until

the perfect

SSSA Ok i

|

time. Wheré the character got the information from or what it
is, well, that's up to the Storyteller. The character probably
shouldn't know what she does.... Like the Flaw: Dark Secret,
this Background can pose potentially lethal problems, but
ultimately, it's an Advantage, nota Flaw. The character is the
potential blackmailer, not the potential victim.

Secrets may be used like Resources in somie cases; you
trade your secret for information or supplies*or whatever.
The character doesn't lose the secret umless he tells it to too
many (Storyteller's discretion), in which case it's not a
secret anymore. It might also be used as bribery, blackmail,
influence or pay-off. The main use for it is obviously plor-

related, and therefore the Storyteller should work out such

direct specifics to avoid last-minute improvisation.

‘The Storyteller is always the arbiter of what sort ofs€crets"

the character possesses (although the player may suggest

possibilities as usual). This Background is not meant tobe a -

way to gain information that the Storyteller mighe prefer no
characters begin play with; it certainly isn't ara ionale for
using information out of various World of Darkiiess books. A
secret is a potential plot hook and a means of wrangling some

manner of influence, not an excuse to know the Wealanesses a

of every supernatural creature out there.

Of course, a secret is not a piece of gossip, however! ie Ss.

a cold, hard face that can hurt if usedwrongly. It should be

jealously guarded, milked for whatever it's worth, and then :

gotten the hell away from to,avoid suspicions

bd A' small seciet.. The guy next door is . cheating on

his wife, or on his taxes.

oe A moderate secret. The humani dentities ofa a 1 cal Garou

pack or the whereabouts of a crin 6n the nun

eee A substantial secret. A matter of life and death fo
one. Someone's gonna ice Slick Jimmy within the next few
days, or where that Cross of the Forsaken is stashed.

Pretty heavy stuff. The locationof: nationally known,

fugitive from justice, a minorwvampixe's "Llitcle ‘black

book" of contacts, or the loéation of a Gurahl.

© @ © © © Something so big ir'd be a genuine sensation if it got out,
or might mean the death of someone (presumably you,
but most likely others too). Most high-level Pentex
plots fall under this "deep black" level.

A itered Fantkgiroirisit Sofas

Not all Pera run-in packs, like the Garou As such, most
have no pack totems. In fact, notall Fera adhere to totems at all!
Those who do, however, are divided berween those whe follow
apersonal Torem, and, as is the case with the Ratkin, those who
run in packs and follow a pack totem just like the Garou do.

A torem is a patron spirit thar lends its strengths to the
character in exchange for worship and respect (and sometimes
other things...). Usually a totem is just a minor spirit such asa
Jaggling in service to the Incarna that the Fera worships as her
totem..As a representation of the grear spirit, the Jaggling
serves, aids or directs the Fera.In most cases a totem spirit comes
to the Fera and asks that the character serve her, but occasion-

MoS wi sc I

Chapter TAree: Laws of the Jisngle

EN

ally a'character or a pack goes on extensive quests to prove
themselves worthy ofa particular Incarna, with various results.

Since Bastet, for instance, carvonly rarely borid a rorem to
their Pride, Ananasi only follow Queen Ananasa, and Ratkin
hardly ever have personal torems outside their packs, it is hard
to generalize this Background. Personal Totems can never be
pooled, net even if several characters adhere to the same
Incarna. The spirits are still wo different incarnations of it, and
a- personal spirit will never share the special bond it has ro the
character with anyone else: However, it isnot unheard of fora
group or pack each having the same personal ‘Totem to expe-
rience grearer aid from both spirits,.as if the spirits in question
recognize the honor bestowed upon. them by the other charac-

o"ers'as-well as their ward. Spirits are elusive beings, and may

surprise eveinthe most jaded Theurge at times.

"In the case of pack-based Fera, Totem is ari automati-
cally pooled Background. First the characters must have
between them enough to purchase a totem spirit as per its
cost determined by irs patron Incarna (see Werewolf, pp.
293-298), and:then purchase further abilities for it listed
below with additional Background points. If the Storyteller

iS willing, he: "might allow other options as well, at his
discretion.
shat traditionally foll6ws.pack totems instead of personal

Ika cHaracter is a member of a Changing Breed

totems, He can still purchase aypersonal totem {although he

may have only one totem at a gime; no character can serve

two totems directly at once), but the cost is doubled.
Players may éven purchase new abilities for the spirit by
allocating part 6f their experience pool to it. A new ability

"costs two expericn: "© pOints per point of its Background cost.

Storyreller that decides what the spirit spends its
perience points.on, though the troupe should be allowed
take SUgBESTIONS», .

Every stai ting tote spirit has the following traits:

bd Eightpoints divided amongst Willpower, Rage and Gnosis

* Charm: Airt Sense
o@< Charm: Re-form

"Additional abilities can - be bought: for Background
points at the following cost:
Cost Power
1 Three additional points to spend -on Willpower,
Gnosis and/or Rage per Background point spent
Abilicy to communicate with the pack without using
a Charm or the Spirit Speech Gift
Ability co almost always locare each pack member
Totem follows the pack at almost any time
Totem is well respected among other spirits
Anaddirional Charm known per Background pointspent
An additional pack member can use the powers of
the cotem in a'turnm per Background point spent
Ability to communicate with all the pack members simul
taneously regardless of the distance between them
5 The Wyrm and its agents know of and fear the totem

WoD ND Ba bot

hs

163


EB
:

3

Chriliredl age

A necessity for

bartering with a were
isnota hard 1 Diese of

could possibly lurk, how to.deal with therm, or maybe even
how trick others onto the wrong track.

bd A few safe paths and refuges.
oo Several routes to common destinations.
woe Safe. zones, routes to virtually any place, and

knowledge of where not to go.

Several safe places and refuges, exterisive knowledge

of Urnbral paths and dwellers in. those areas.

e@ @@eNo one knows the Near Umbra like you. If youi ain't
been there, it's because'it's not worth going to.

Verte and F Pans

This optional system of"character extras" isdetailed in full
in the Players Guide to Garou. The short version, though, is
thar Merits are Advantages of no particular type that can be
purchased with freebie points, and Flaws are a form of "disad-
vantage" that actually give back freebie points —— thus,-a 2-
point Merit costs 2 freebie points, while a 2-point Flaw givesthe
character an additional 2 freebie points to spend. A player may
elect as many Merits as she wishes, but only up to seven points
worth of Flaws. Of course, if the Storyteller allows, the player
can choose as many Flaws as she damn well likes, but only gain
seven freebie points total from them.

"A plethora of Merits and Flaws are listed in rhe Players
Guide to Garou (pp..158-168). Most of these are suitable for
Fera characters, with some exceptions for common sense. For
example, the Merit: Fair Glabro would be appropriate for
Basrer, but inappropriate for shark-born Rokea (who seem
"off? even in Homid form), and impossible for Ratkin-(who
have no Glabro form). Similarly, the Flaw: Metis Child is
worth no points for Kitsune (who suffer no social stigma for
siring or bearing shinju, or "metis"), and certainly not for
Ananasi (who have no metis whatsoéver)..In addition, the
following are also appropriate for most Fera characters.

aroe Copapeaor (36% (ep tf)

Despite the cerituries of stigma and harred between the
werewolves and the various Fera, you and your unlikely
friend have overcome them, on whatever common grounds.
Obviously, such a relationship is best kept secret from both

cnee

164

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

/ iia LA

camps, to avoid provoking the wrath of either, but you
murture it, because it gives you unique imsight from the
perspective of the wolfskins.

Seapre Saree (tpt Ff)

You aré considered somewhat disgusting among even
your peers. Your appetire just isn't socially acceptable. You'll
get a hunger for human junk food while in your anirnal form,
or road kill or other carrion in your human form. .This can
make your life both interesting and problem-filled, unless you
make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) to repress your hunger.

Saat (1-5 fA F fer')

You are under some sort of geas, a curse that requires you
to de perform some action, or prevents you from it. If you
break the geasa curse will befall you, and you might even die.
Whether it isan inherited duty, something that runs in the
family, or something just for you, depends. What matters is
that something horrible will befall rhe character should he
break his geas. Exactly what will happen depend son the
geas, and on thé Sroryreller's whim —— although a broken
geas usually leads to a hero's doom in most legends. .

"The cost of the Flaw should reflect the severity of the geas:

* One point reflectsa geas or taboo that is very unlikely
to happen. ("Never drink beer while sitting ina tree with a
red-haired man")

* Two poirits reflect a geas of raboo that is unlikely ro
happen. ("Never eat che meat of red dogs")

© Three points reflect a geas or taboo that likely could
be broken. ("Never touch red paint that is wet")

* Four points reflect a geas that is likely to be broken
(‘Never do harm to a red animal")

Five points reflect ageas that will almost certainly be
broken ("Never walk on red surfaces")

The geas need not be-a-taboo; it could also be a
requirement, as the samples below suggest.

« Give to charity at the turn of the seasons (1 prt.)

* Fast for one day per lunar cycle (2 pt.)

* Leave an offering for Gaia once a week (3 pt.)

* Spend an hour in complete solitude once per 24-hour
cycle (4 pr.)

* Howl to Luna four times a day (5 pt.)

Exactly what happens if the geas is broken is up the
Sroryteller. It is suggested that the wording of the geas at
least hints at the punishment, but it could also bea complete
mystery to the character. Perhaps he even thinks the geas is
just superstition.

Some possibilities of punishments include: losing ac-
céss to Gnosis or Rage, losing access to Gifts, inability to
soak damage, only being able to shift to breed form, loss ‘of
fur or hair, loss of Willpower, banishment to an Umbral
Realm; loss of a fetish or talen. The duration of these effects
is rarely permanent, often disappearing when the character
does something to right his wrong.


Covi Utanewtersr

"Lions don't do this... Lions don't kill liké this..."

w= Charles Remington, The Ghost and the Darkness

Some of the Fera have access to special combat maneu-
vers that take advantage of their unique abilities a
Corax's flight, a Mokolé's size,-an.Ananasi's Crawlerling
form, and the like. The following maneuvers are examples
of the kind of tricks these Changing Breeds have learned to
tip the odds in their, favor in a fight.

beginning ‘ch Pot maneuver, the action requires a blood
pointe, but the difficulty isteduced to 5 for the initialattack —~
the surprise (and shock) ofthe Ananasi' 's body breaking into
a swarm of spiders gives her an edge.

Usable by: Any |

Roll: Dexterity + Brawl
Damage: Strength; suffocation
EA ES

* Barrel Roll: The Bastet attacks at running speed on all
fours, grabs the opponent by the shoulders, and uses her body

Difficulty: 6 (5)
Actions: |

mass to topple him. Using theamementum of the tumble,she

rolls with the opponent, immobil
over the muzzle of the prey to hoke: dt, but since biting into
fornori can prove fatal, bleeding it is Another option.

The ele rolls a standard gra apple. roll to, seize the

ne throat out
tions; though.

Usable by? Crinos
Roll: Dexterity + Achileti ics
Damage: Special

Difficulty: 7
Actions: Z

COPA

* Eye Pluck: Corax éan attempt to pull the eye froma
living opponent -——not as easy as drinking a corpse's eye, bur
a dangerous combat maneuver nonetheless. If the Corax
scores four successes on the attack roll, and at least two
health levels of damage go unsoaked, the opponent's eye is
torn out (raising the damage to aggravated even if the Corax

SS see ers an seen PE Ss ee

ing him, usually by biring'
"except that the Mokolé does not suffer ‘damage if
‘form, and the target isn't unbalanced unless knocked

Chapter TAree: Laws of the Jungle

Ng SP A NT

is in' raven form). Shapeshifters who do not receive a Battle
Sear from this maneuver can regrow the eye over time!

Wesable by: Crinos — Corvid

Roll "Dexterity + Brawl

Difficulty: a
Actions 200

Feathers... Th Cone ashes: Out, wit wing, Staching. the
target with the cutting edge his newly steel-hard and
razor-sharp feathers. This) maneuver has some utility out of
combat (as it's effectively a sword slash that can cut ropes,
slash tires and so one) gbut in combat it may putan opponent
off his balance. Even, ‘wing swipe misses, the target must
make a Dexterityoll, difficulty 5, or be off-balance (and at
+1 to-all Physical difficulties) for the next turn.

Usable by:, Crinos"
Roll: Dexterity + Brawl
Damage: Strength +2

Ad ckoyE
* Tail Lash: The Mokolé lunges" "out with ‘her: tail,
slapping her opponent with it. (Characters in Suchid form may
only use rhis maneuver if rhe opponent stands directly behind
her. Damage is bashing, unless the Mokolé's tail is spiked.
Rokea in, Chasmus — Sqttamus forms can also perform

Difficulty: -7
Actions: 1

the roll is botched, the attacker suffers her own Strength in dice
of damage and is stunned for the rest of the turn.

Rokea in Chasmus through Squamus can take advan-
tage of a similar maneuver undérwater where she rams into
her opponent, headfirst. The same specifics apply.

Usable by: Homid -.Archid ~
Roll: Dexterity + Brawl
Damage: Strength

* Jaw Shear: This maneuver requires thatthe Mokolé has
succeeded a bite attack in the previous turn.. Through this
attack the Mokolécan snap his head back and forth, tearing the
victim to shreds with his powerful bite. Ifthe Mokolé's grip isn't
broken (by an opposed Strength roll or other circumstances),
he can continue to atrempt this maneuver each turn.

Difficulty: 7
Actions: 1

In a similar maneuver, Rolling Bite,the Mokolé rolls
repeatedly with his victim in her mouth, causing much the
same effect.

Rokea in Chasmus or sufficiently large enough Gladius
or Squamus forms can also perform these maneuvers.
Usable by: Suchid — Archid
Roll: Dexterity + Brawl
Damage: Strength + 2

Difficulty: 6
Actions: 1

165


succeeds, the opponent goes down the hatch. The opponent
can continue to take limited actions for a numiber of rounds
equal to his Stamina, and is smothered after,this: If the
attacker changes to a smaller shape while the Opponent is
still alive within her, she suffers five healthtevels of lethal
damage as the hapless opponent breaks thréugh her insides.

A Rokea in Chasmus form can also perform this maneu-_

ver, that is, if she is large enough.
Usable by: Archid

Roll: Special

Damage: Special

Nagas

* Constricr: By successfully catching an opponent of

Difficalty: Spec: 1
Actions: 2 oS :

appropriate size, the Nagah-may attempt to-constrict her
opponent.. The Nagah needs to be in either of its ‘large |

serpentine forms (Azhi Dahaka or Kali Dahaka, rhough'a
Nagah can constrict small opponents —— such as a Corvid-
form Corax —~ while in Vasuki as well) and cannot move
from his current locarion.while constricting. Treat the
Nagah's dodge rolls as +2 difficulty during constriction.

© Swallow Whole: Only a character with a size allows
ing for this can perform this action. A large enough Archid™
or Great White, however, could. The prey must be half the) |
character's size or less, and the attacker must land'a bite ___
attack, and then make an opposed Strength £éil. Ifshe «

| Damage: Strength

ae
MS

oe SSN ™

a = SSS. WY \

On each successive action afrer having caught ‘the vié-

_tim,..the Nagah's player rolls Strength +Brawl against a

difficulty.of the trapped victim's Strength + Brawl -2 (asa free
1), and success inflicts the Nagah's Strength as bashing
age. Failure means thar the victim wriggles free, which he
can always attempt as an action on a contested Strength-roll
anyway. The Nagah can attack his trapped victim with teeth
or claws at -1 difficulty, but ro others hitting the victim is at
ficulry, and a botch strikes the Nagah.
Wisable by: Azhi Dahaka ~ Vasuki
Roll: Dexterity + Brawl Difficulty: 6
2 Actions: 1

* Injection: By performing this maneuver the Nagah
éan bite gently into an unresisting rarget with venom
without causing aggravated damage from his fangs. This can
be used for several purposes, such as with the Sting of Sleep
Gift. This maneuver is usually used when not in combat,
although some Nagah occasionally attempt to slay a foe with
a "gentle touch."*

. Usable by: Any form capable of injécting venom
: Rolly Dexterity +"Brawl
"Damage: Venom only

Difficulty: 7
Actions: 1

Qekea

# Great Bite: The Rokea takes hold of her opponent by
the shoulders, and bites down across the latrer. Depending


on the size of the opponent, the*Rekéa could potentially
chew through the entire torso, but usually ic is the head or
upper torso that is affected. Tograb hold ofthe opponent the
layer. must.perform.a standard grapple roll. Vhe-bite arrack

Usable by: Gladius
Roll: Dexteriry + Brawl
Damage: Strength + 3

Group-oriented Fera such as Nagah and Ratkin employ
a fair amount of pack, or group, tactics. In addition to those
listed below and those found in the Werewolf main book (p.
212-213), players should be encouraged to devise their own
tactics and maneuvers. The more creative and effective the
attacks, the better it is for the pack as a whole. The
Storyteller always has final say, though.

Difficulty: 6
Actions: 2

Bear in mind that the characters need to have a pack totem
(or similar bond, such as that of the Nagah nest) to be able to
perform this sort of attacks, and a character creating new
maneuvers needs the Skill: Tactics (see above) todevelop them.

¢ Circle: This maneuver is usually used to interrogate
or intimidate an opponent. The pack surrounds the oppo-
nent, trapping him within a tight circle. If he tries to break
free, the nearest character snaps at him, but not necessarily
to injure him. Unless the opponent is in frenzy or is similarly
dead determined to break free, there is no roll required after
having been positioned. Orherwise each player must per-
form a Dexterity + Athletics roll at difficulty 8 for their
character to prevent the opponent breaking free.
Performable Alone?: No

e Slice 'n' Dice: This tactic is a favorite of Ratkin,
though some Garou packs use it as well. The characters
attack their opponent with surgical precision, using their
claws as weapons, and slicing at him from different angles
and with different body parts in mind. This increases the
Dexterity + Dodge roll difficulty for the opponent by 1 per
packmate involved. The dodge difficulty cannot be raised
above 10, but the target must somehow get free of the pack
before the difficulty returns to normal.

Packmates Required: 3

This maneuver requires the target to be surrounded by
the pack.
Packmates Required: 3

Livi

One of the most horrifying aspects of the Garou, their
raging war-form Crinos, is hidden from our sanity by means
of the Delirium. Genetically remembering the Impergium,
the body shuts down the part of the mind that understands
what is happening, thus shielding us from the terror of what
we see. This is true for many of the other Feraas well, burnor

Performable Alone?: No

SS see ers an neces ee

ehis@ianeuver in'

Chapter TAree: Laws of the Jungle

LL IL

all. Some of the Fera do indeed invoke the full Delirium, but
others only invoke a lesser degree of it, similar to what the
Children of Gaia experience. Exactly why is a matter of
heated debate, but as it remains, it is anyone's guess.

Sha l3g? fear

In effecr, reduced Delirium raises the Veil's effect (as
per the table on p. 192 of Werewolf) by two.

The following is how the Veil affects the various Fera:

© Ajaba: Crinos form incites full Delirium.

¢ Ananasi: Lilian and Pithus forms both incite full Delirium.

* Bastet: Crinos form incites reduced Delirium, while
Chatro incites full.

* Corax: Crinos form incites reduced Delirium.

e Gurahl: Crinos form incites reduced Delirium.

* Kitsune: Werefoxes do not incite Delirium atall, nor
even in Koto form.

* Mokolé: Archid form incites full Delirium.

* Nagah:.Azhi Dahaka form incites full Delirium.

° Nuwisha: Manabozho form incites reduced Delirium.

¢ Ratkin: Crinos form incites reduced Delirium.

* Rokea: Glabrus form incites reduced Delirium, while
Gladius and Chasmus incite full.

CenCcn 4

Since only a handful of the Fera follow the same system
as the Garou, Glory, Honor and Wisdom, this section
compiles contains one big chart listing the different de-
nominations, ranks, and game-term points for each rank,
and a Breed-by-Breed description of the various Breeds'
Renown systems. The core Werewolf book holds an elabo-
rate section on Renown for the Garou (Werewolf pp. 123-
125), and it mighre be a good idea to re-read these two-and-
a-half pages to get an idea about what Renown is all about
and why the Fera use it.

LYLE! Of "eponr
Lilia

ity, Obligation and
Bastet cousins, and

social challenges and rites that the Garou use.

Aarts
The Ananasi do not truly let their Renown lead them,
they are all judged by Queen Ananasa, not each other. Each
category correlatesdirectly to the aspect of the Triat that the
Ananasa follow; Cunning— Wyrm, Obedience-— Weaver,
Wisdom —— Wyld. They follow every aspect, ar least toa

167


degree, to gain a,better understanding of the other aspects.

follow the ways an
aspects of the [riat._. :
To gain Cunning Renown, a werespider has to perform
acts of resourcefulness and, verness-
For Wisdom Renown, onstrations of good judg-
ment and intuition (ir nanasi, of course)
are required. :

laws of Ananasa, and to fallow heir

discover secrets, manipulate rivals; her riddle craft ‘abilities,
or her commercial talent.

Ferocity isawarded through cool and conquest; the Bastet's
abilities of being a bad ass with an attitude, pure and simple.

To gain Honor Renown Bastet must display that they
are loyal and honest, but also prideful.

Advances in rank are awarded at a taghairm, thotigh it
isnot unusual for solitary cats to demand an increasé in rank,
and have their petition granted by spirits, wit then bring
to elders of the cat in question} Yy agree, the
rank is awarded to. chim. In either case :¢ Bastet has to
performa Rite of Recognition,

Cora
Corax follow Glor.

Garou, and Wisdom is
Most. Rumormongers !

SHS: or and Wisdom as do the
srrainly the category they value the

ting with wisdom as anyone other than
doesn't get a raven noticed at all.

gains Wisda
Corax knows 1

Honor, though usually ignored, is gained through ac-
tions that benefit all Corax, especially through acts of
selflessness.

Glory,.even less popular than Honor, is awarded for
fighting the good fight if it isa necessity to do so, not for acts
of rashness and rage.


Rank is generally given through acclamation rarher
than. ceremony, though Helios has the final say. Forecasts
and.omens in. the sky can make ‘a huge difference for
someone about to advance in rank. Let's just say it's a bad
idea-to claim your new place in the Parliament when the
skies can cloud over any minute...

Obviously it's easy for a wereraven to lose Renown and
rank: They are rumormongers, 2 after all..

LOO IEE

The werebeais acky

Of attempting to preserve or save Gaia and}
rewarded with Succor Renown. Succor

ries; it is generally, sue hea Gurahl eerform actions
that help restore or preserve knowledge and insight in all its
forms, such as ancient relies rold sto and even through the
study and research of lore and legend. urahLwho attempt to
gain understanding of whac it means to be what they are, are
often awarded with Wisdom Renown as well.

Gurahl respect the wisdorn and experience of their elders
and, while they do not stress starus among one another, they
do acknowledge rank. In general, when a Gurahl progresses
through each auspice, she also gains in rank. Gurahl learn
rites and Gifts according to their rank: Gurahl use rank titles
that emphasize their kinship with one another.

Gurahl. gain-rank cthrough the recommendations of
their elders, either at the Council of Aurumn or at other
meetings. A Gurahl wishing te advancein rani: must relate
her deeds, usually in song or story, and' win the approval of
their elders. If a Gurahl cannorattend a meeting, she can
claim the rankeatid attempt to gain confirmation at a later
date. The solica : lifestyle ofthe Gurahl reinforces the need
for such an honor system of rising in rank and Renown.

kbguyne

The three' ‘eategdries of werdiox Renown are reminis-
cent at the Renown. categories Cin ing, Honsi and Glory.
However, thesKitsune don't deally eare too much about
Renown axid. rank; it's just'Qne of those pesky necessary
things 46 keep. track of what's going on, and it's whar
everyone else seers to be doing, and have-been for millen-
nia (therefore they have to be on to something). It is also
easier for the Kitsune t6 relate to and communicate with the
other Breeds this way.

Chie (Cunning) is awarded for exhibiting superior
cunning and cleverness; they say thar the ideal of Chie is the

Ss sce oe ees an eee re Se

ledg Honor, Succér and Wits :

Chapter TAree: Laws of the Jungle

killing of two enemies by tricking them into déstroying éach
other, while you yourself are far removed from the scene.
Toru (Honor) is awarded through living one's life in
accordance with Gaia and Luna's rules, preferably through
honoring and acknowledging being Kitsune without will-
ingness to compromise, and still achieving ones goals.

Kagayaki (Glory) is awarded for, put simply, perfection: To
shine ir inthe eyes: of others. Kitsune care litele for, say, ys accompl ish-

they achieve!

AMPK SE

Mokolé gain Renown and adva:
the same way and same, categories

the Nagah do 1 not follow'a, of Renown categories.

‘The Sesha (that is to say, the:Storyteller) decides whether
ornota eine a advances in nk.

e in Rank in largely
the Garou do.

This is not a journey to be taken lightly. For a.start, the nest
must travel in absolute secrecy, Orthe Sesha‘inust then move
their Nandana to keep it secret from other Changing Breeds.

ng rights.
i: coyote is.
vior and bad jokes and
uwisha's actions are,
id what the conse-

Glory igawarded for actions
if the Nuwisha gets away with it..

ndeavors ata Ratkin
hey approve of her

nown. One is t
moor, and rh

Ratkin equivalent of a pep rally, hosted bs rat-warriors on
the eve of battle. This last" method ads emmost appropriate for
gaining Infamy.

169


Infarny is generally awarded for outrageous deeds thar
further the reputation of the Ratkin.

Obligation is awarded for accepting tasks and assign-
ments thar absolutely need ro be done in the name of Rat.
Sometimes such tasks and assignments cause loss of other
types of Renown, bur, damn it, they need to be done!

Cunning is gained through performing stunts and tasks
that are clever, resourceful and crafty, especially if the
Rarkin. pulls a stunce that would usually resulc in serious
troubl.

blamed. Note that silliness and slapstick generally are not,

rewarded with Renown at all.

eked

Rokea observe three different types of Renown,
Garou do. The .2hréé carégories are Vz lon Harttcny, and
Innovation: :

Valor involves taking on challenges:
obeying the Rokéan Law secure inthe knowledge that you

are following the right course of action. The ValorousRokea

is honest and fearless. Rokea gain Malor by. ‘upholding the
Rokean Law and fighting off threats to Sea and' the Rékea.
Participating in the Hunt for betweeners is worth Valor (as
itis the Rokea themselves who award this type of Renown).

Harmony is born of recognizing one's place im the world
and ‘staying there..Rokea who choose to do nothing bur
survive gain no Valor or Innovation, butdo gain Harmony,
as survival is the most important that Sea asks of thern-

Fas tae mates and ee

stheir cae to

However, Séa also views the Rokea as her guardians, and
anything that upsets the balance of life in her waters is a
target for the weresharks. Obviously, then, Sea adjudicatres
Harmony Renown.

Finally, Innovation is Renown born of ingeruity and
adapration. Rokea, like all fishes, are born of Kun. Kun is
also the incarnation of fecundity and creativity, and de-
mands these traits from her children. A Rokea-can gain
Innovation by determining a new method of dealing witha
problem, Jjearning (or discovering) a Gift or rite, or even

ae creating: a fetish (which few Rokea learn how to do).

"Gaining Harmony or Innovation Renown simply re-

squires the wereshark to swim the seas and find a spirit servant

of Sea or Kun, respectively. The player then rolls Wits +
Rituals tocommunicatr echaracter's Renown-worthy deeds.
Gaining | Walor equirés finding another Rokea and
ie Rokea. usually don't lie (especially

Feat a bur when attempting to gain a perma-
nent dot of Renown, the wereshark must find another Rokea

"Or a suitable spirit and ask to be recognized. Members of the

Rokea's own slew are ineligible for this purpose.

Rokea-do nor require tank challengés the way
werewolves do. A. wereshark who reaches the requisite
amount of permanent Renown is simply considered to be of
the appropriate rank. -

SYLLE ence Awards

These sample awards may be very general. Storytellers interested in‘devising more specific awards may use those listed
in the Werewolf Storytellers Companion (pp. 50-53) as a guideline or as inspiration.

Chyrteag
Sample Behavior Award
Drawing first blood in cornbat; creating a talen; discovering a useful secret 1
Protecting an important secret from discovery; surviving an incapacitating blow . 2
Wounding a powerful foe and prudently retreating; performing a monkeywrenching operation; creating

a successful diversion . ~ 3
Creating a fetish; hatchirig'a plot of Machiavellian proportions that succeeds; stealing something of

value from within an enemy lair 5
Destroying an-enemy stronghold; creating a Den-Realm; creating a new Gift 7
Failing atternpts at crafriness; being captured by an enemy -i
Exposed as a liar; becoming pack's runt (Ratkin); not protecting a secrer -3
Hurting other members of your Breed through recklessness or conniving; getting caught trying to foil Elders -5
Feroctkty
Sample Behavior Award
Proving one's bravery in & routine situation; resisting frenzy 1
Ignoring a non-fatal wound in combat; remaining unaffected by attempts to taunt you 2
Defeating an enemy without béing harmed; remaining ¢alm in-the face of extreme adversity 3
Upholding protocols in the face of humiliation; performing an outrageous and dangerous deed

withour being harmed 5
Single-handedly being responsible for success in a GommoOn goal for your Breed; causing your enemy to

completely lose face (and rank) when attempting to traumt you 7

170

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OE LE ST A

|

ee nee ers en ee eee Ee Ss me

Succumbing to fox-frenzy : =]
Losing to an enemy without even harming him -3
Performing an outrageous and dangerous deed and being hurt so that others must rescue you

(and thereby exposing them to the danger) -5
Lory
Sample Behavior Award
Telling'a good story at a gathering; participating in ajust challenge; proving one's bravery iti a routine situation 1
Surviving an incapacitating wound; defeating a minor threat; telling a true epic that is lacer retold by others 2
Defeating an average threat; traveling to an Umbral Realm and surviving 3

Defeating a strong threat; dying while defending a.Den-Realm 5
Defeating avery powerful threat; sacrificing oneself for the greater good 7
Succumbing to fox-frenzy; cal
Losing territory to amajor enemy "3
Conscious cowardice thar resulrs in the death of another of your Breed "5
PD APAORG ;
Sample Behavior . Award
Destroying a minor threat to Sea; preventing minor pollution - _ 1
Destroying a sizeable threat to Sea; stopping reckless humans 2
Regulating size of a species to restore balance; stopping a threat to Sea before it reaches the ocean 3
Repairing darnage ‘to coral reefs; destroying major threat to Sea 5
Clearing an oil spill; destroying an awesome threat to Sea 7
Ignoring minor pollution -1
Killing humans'‘to restore balance (leads to'added killings of sharks) : -3
Hunting carelessly and upsetting balance of a species " "5
Ffonor
Sample Behavior Award
Showing restraint in the face of certain death; showing devotion to the greater g60d; dealing respectfully with other Fera 1
Protecting helpless humans in need; participating in a just challenge 2
Acting selflessly for the greater good of the Breed; meditating a dispute fairly and impartially 3
Ignoring strong feelings of vengeance and hatred; being truthful in the face of extreme adversity; prorecting
helpless animals relared to the Breed 5
Enduring torture to protect fellow Breedmembers; death in defense of Gaia 7
Acting selfishly; not protecting helpless humans; being deceptive in the face of extreme adversity -1
Failing to keep promises; being deceptive; participating in an unjust challenge ~3
Not protecting a helpless Breedmember; completely ignoring etiquette; giving false cestimony against a Breedmember "5
FLO
Sample Behavior : : Award
Conceiving a new riddle; besting another Changer (nor Nuwisha) in a riddlé-contest 1
Crippling a Wyrm-¢operation through "unfortunate accidents;" leading an enemy astray without hurting him 2
Leading two énemies against each other; persuading other Changers to perform necessary tasks for you if they
believe they have credit for it; besting another Nuwisha in a riddle-contest 3
Fooling agents of the Wyrm to perform necessary tasks for you even if it hurts them; covering over dangerous
secrets without hurting anyone, or even arousing suspicion 5
Creating plots that involve eritire septs (or the equivalent) of other Changers (particularly Garou) to further your ends
(which are not egotistically motivated) that succeed; banishing the Wyrm from an area through non-violent means 7
Losing a riddle-contest to another Nuwisha -l
Hurting innocents through your schemes; being manipulated by another Changer "3
Losing a riddle-contest to a human; furthering the Wyrm through your actions (involuntarily) "5
Chapter TAree: Laws of the Jungle 171

I LL SY OTN


——

Sia

|

Sample Behavior Award
Helping guard a Nest; fooling a human 1
Defeating a formidable foe not of the Wyrm or Weaver; getting even 2
Defeating a Garou; defending a Nest through trickery or negotiation; beéoming pack leader 3
Ending a serious threat without harm to any of your Breed; becoming famous among your Breed 5
Defeating a very powerful Wyrm or Weaver threat; creating or discovering a new Gift 7
Being fooled by a human 1
Killing a Bone Gnawer "3
Falling into the thrall of the Wyrm -S
SRR CC IO

Sample Behavior Award
Striving to understand a new situation or item; crearing a talen 1
Teaching another Rokea: gaining knowledge through bargains with spirits 2
Learning anew Rite; discoveririg aplace unknown to other Rokea 3
Learning a new Gift; creating a fetish 5
Creating a new Gift; stopping a threar to Sea before it reaches the ocean 7
Acting without thinking -l
Killing humans when matter could have been solved through cunting 3
Ignoring the counsel of spirits -3
Ketone

Sample Behavior Award
Teaching another Ananasi; honoring Ananasa through your actions 1
Aiding another Ananasi; destroying an enemy ca 2
Discovering flaws in an enemy that can-benefit others in the future; protecting an importafit secret from discovery 3
Bringing balance to a situation of preat imbalance; destroying a Corax (with good reason) 5
Sacrificing yourself to protect Ananasa(posthumous); learning something that will benefit all Ananasi 7
Disobeying ‘one of higher rank than you +1
Worshipping someone other than Ananasa -3
Disobeying Ananasa ~E
Sample Behavior Award
Teaching another member of your Breed; participating in a just challenge 1
Creating something that helps the Nest or clan; committing a sophisticated crime (Ratkin) 2
Serving as pack's runt (Ratkin, award once per story); repairing the Veil 3
Earning the respect of another member of your Breed; exacting vengeance om someone who has gteatly harmed the Nest or clan 5
Dying to protect the Nest or clan (posthumous); performing a deed thar affects all of your Breed 7
Giving bad advice -1
Taking the word of an oursider over that of one of your own ~3
Harming the Veil -5
Siccer

Sample Behavior Award
Healing another Changer unselfishly; performing a Rire of Cleansing; sparing game 1
Giving aide to a Changers of another Breed; performing a Rite of Healing Winds; nurruring a helpless animal back to health 2
Performing a Rite of the Pure Land; saving the life of a human 3
Reclaiming spoiled or corrupted land; saving an animal of an endangered species; performing a Rite of the Freed Spirit 5
Nurturing an endangered species so that its population incteases; reclaiming a lost Glade; cleansing a major pollution sire 7
Failure to save a small animal from pain; polluting -l
Failure to save'a human's life; losing land to the forces of corruption and pollurion -3
Losing an endangered species to extinction on account of carelessness; losing a Glade to the Wyrm "5

172 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LEE Le LT PY LT


|

SS sc es an a een Pe es ee

libr

Sample Behavior

Participating in a challenge; drawing first blood in combat; being trurchful
Participating in a hunt; mating

Surviving an incapacitating blow; being truthful in the face of extreme adversity

Exacting vengeance without seeking it; destroying a betweener (for ocean-dwellers)/evading destruction by ocean-

dwellers (for betweeners) 5
Defeating a very powerful Qyrling; dying while protecting a Grotto (posthumous) 7
Actively seeking vengeance -1
Lying when it is not needed -3
Refusing to mate -5
4 Ukteores
Sample Behavior Award
Showing mercy to a wayward Changer; discovering a talen; staying at ones post when tempred not to;
healing another Changer unselfishly 1
Giving good advice; summoning an Incarna avatar; maintaining good relations with Kinfolk 2
Completing a Spirit Quest successfully; choosing a mate and breeding; teaching another Breedmember 3
Having and properly following a prophetic warning; giving a prophetic warning that comes true later;
ending a serious threat without harm to any Breedmembers 5
Discovering or creating a new Gift; participating in a rite to create a Den-Realm 7
Suffering a frenzy; accidentally breaking a talen; using a fetish for selfish reasons only -1
Having poor relations with Kinfolk; attacking a much more powerful enemy without aid; breaking a fetish -3
Breaking a powerful and necessary fetish; acting disrespectfully during a Rite -5
Zercwrn Clare
Lila Kiroxt

Rank Renown Cost Rank Cunning Obedience Wisdom

1 3 1 ie) [e) 3

2 10 2 1 1 5

3 15 3 4 3 7

4 20 4 6 4 9

5 25 5 7 6 10
Anata! ZSRISES

VEHEPE Rank Title Renown Cost

Rank Cunning Obedience Wisdom 1 Tekhmet 3

1 e) 3 e) 2 Aka 10

2 1 5 1 3 Tilau 15

3 3 7 4 4 Hani 20

4 4 9 6 5 Bon Bhat 25

° 6 to a Conn

A kaver Rank Title Glory Honor Wisdom

Rank Cunning Obedience Wisdom 1 Oviculum fe) fe) 3

1 3 o © 2 Neccornix O ie) 6

2 3 1 i 3 Ales 1 2 8

3 7 4 3 4 Volucris 2 3 10

4 9 6 4 5 Corvus 3 5 10

5 Lo 7 6

Chapter Three: Laws of the Jungle 173

RS NT

L

AEE

Rank Title Address Renown Cost
1 Kovi Child 4
2 Verde Brother/Sister 8
3 Serna Aunt/Uncle 12
4 Talchwi Mother/Fatheér 24
5 Matae Grandmother/Grandfarher 32

A'sixth Rank, Occupied by only one Gurahl from each
tribe at any one time, has no "title," but Gurahl address that
individual as Great Grandmother (or Great Grandfather) or
siroply "Ancient One." No Renown Cost exists for this
Rank, but any Gurahl who meets an Ancient One immedi-
ately knows it and acts accordingly.

Keane

Zan
Rank Title Chie Toku~ -Kagayaki
1 Yakan = 2 1 re)
2 Kiko 4 3 o
3 Koryo 6 5 1
4 Reiko ..8 7 2
5 Tenko . 10 9 3
eH,
Rank Title Chie Toku~ ‘Kagayaki
1 Yakan' 11 1 1
va Kiko 3 2 2
3 Koryo | 4 4 4
4 Reiko 7 5 5
5 Tenko 8 8 6
CPREAALLERLALE
Rank Title Chie Toku Kagayaki
1 Yakan 2 1 ie)
2 Riko 3 3 1
3 Koryo 6 4 Zz
4 Reiko 8 6 3
5 Tenko.. 10 8 4
Agate
Rank Title Chie Toku Kagayaki
1 Yakan 1 l 1
2 Kiko 3 3 1
3 Koryo 5 5 2
4 Reiko 7 i 3
5 Tenko 9

Nok 0fe—ritiotifie aod Gurmaguan
CPcKc#)

Sekine and !Ugrelig
Rank Title Glory --Honoér Wisdom
j Hatchling 1 1 1
2 Son/Daughter 4 2 2
174

Players Guide to the Changi

LEE Le ET ES LS A

3 Brother/Sister 6 3 3
4 Father/Mother 8 4 4
5 Grandfather/Grandmother 10 5 5
Cfisiativsg aid €P ORG
Rank Title Glory | Honor "Wisdom
1 Hatchling 1 1
A Son/Daughter 2 4
3 Brother/Sister 3 6
4 Father/Mother 4 8
5 Grandfather/Grandmother © 5 10
Lo birsap ate CPLEPLAG
Rank Title Glory
1 Hatchling 1
2 Son/Daughter 2
3 Brother/Sister 3
4 Father/Mother 4
3 Grandfarher/Grandmother 5 10
Siping
Rank Title Renown Cost
1 Hatchling 3.
2 Son/Daughter 9
3 Brother/Sister 14
4 Father/Mother ; °
5 Grandfather/Grandmother

Wtekara ape Z0CRG LG Moko)

‘The Makara and the Zhong Laing use a Renown system
thar is almost identical with that of the Garou (Werewolf p.
185). Their rank titles are different, however, but corre-
sponds with the Garou auspices as the following:

Garou Auspice Makara Zhong Lung
Ragabash Hemanta Pei Tung
Theurge Zarad Sai Chau
Philodox Grisma Nam Hsia
Around Vasanta Tung Chun
Nagas?

Rank Title

ce) Opening Eye

1 Singing Brook

2 Razored Arrow

3 Silken Noose

4 Thundér Chakram
5 Silver Coil

6 Mouth of the Sesha

Nitta

Nuwisha gain Renown just as Garou Ragabash do; -a
specific number of dots spread between the three traits of
Glory, Humor and Wisdom. (See Werewolf, pg. 185.)

WR WN Rt
io)
ij
ie)
ia
earn s¢ Wb WN
ra
ion
ie)
3

ng Greeds

Se eee es en ere seen ee es ee

Nuwisha do not introduce themselves by rank, and there- Ponte
fore have no specific rank titles. Rank Valor Harmony Innovation
EEK 1 QQ) 2 (1)
Rank Title Renown Cost 2 5 7 1
w= 1 Rakka 3 3 3 5 o
2 Voto 7 4 7 9 2
3 Tava 15 5 8 io 3
4 Teppen 23 Lakiayer
5 Reerr'e 30 Rank Valor Harmony Innovation
Rokad ons 2
SSA GLIE IEP 3 2 4 6
Rank Valor Harmony Innovation 4 3 6 8
1 2 (1) (i) 5 4 8 10
2 4 2 L Note: All Rank 1 Rokea begin with two dots in a set
3 7 4 z category, and one she may place in either of the other two
4 9 6 4 categories.
5 10 8 5 =



Heaven and Earth. are not humarie.
They regard ail things ds straw dogs:

—— Lao-Tzu

FL OLY Of Pl! CAP COWL

The Changing Breeds of the' East have evolved inté
very different creatures from their Western —~ or Sunset —
counterparts. Their appearance and abilicies may be similar,
but the likeness ends there. The sociery and culture of these
Changing Breeds, who call themselves hengeyokai, differs
radically from those of the western Fera. Theirs is a history
not so much of good and evil, bur of alternating currents of
positive and negative energy: yin and yang, dark and light,
passivity and action. They gather not ina Nation, but ina
society of many Breeds with a common purpose ~~ the Beast
Courts of the Emerald Mother.

The world of the Beast Courts of the hengeyokai com-
prises much of Asia as well as Indonesia,-Malaysia and the
Philippines. These lands, which the hengeyokai refer to asthe
Middle Kingdom, represent the physical manifestation of the
meeting of the Yin and Yang realms. The hengeyokai, part
spirit and part flesh, see themselves as the guarclians of the
Middle Kingdom, protectors and devotees of the Emerald
Mother, whom the western Changers know as Gaia,.and
bridges between the animal and human kingdoms.

Chapter Four: The Beast Courts

Fhe LUGE Of Ylie-AGEAL
ani fle CCF CYC

To understand the Middle Kingdom: and -the
shapechangers dwelling therein requites a knowledge of the
eternal cycle of change and flux known as the Wheel of the
Ages. This great pattern of movement from creation .to
destruction and back to the beginning forms the basis of
understanding and practice for all those that do the will of
the Emerald Mother. The Wheel of the Ages is nothing less
than the story of the world itself —— as well as the tale of the
worlds before arid to come.

The hengeyokai see themselves as part of the Great
Cycle of Being, the endless pattern that includes birth and
death, mortality and immortality,.the repetition. of the
seasons and the transmutation of spirit to flesh and flesh to
spirit. Made of equal parts of both spirit and flesh, the
hengeyokai enjoy a unique place within the Great Cycle.
They embody the principle of change in the many forms of
their bodies and in their ability to cross between the physical
and spiritual realms, between the Middle Kingdom and the
Mirror Lands.

177

— EE NY A ETN,


history first began, moves inexorably through, the. eons..E:
spoke of the wheel equates to one age; as the wheel t turns, Sc
the times reflect the lesson contained within thar, particular

age. The lhengeyokai devote themselves to ainderstanding |

those lessons and helping the Wheel of the Alges turn so that
the pattern set forth by the Emerald Mother may be complete.

This is the story of the world, as the hengeyokaiy tell ike

Age of fle Fiperipig

In the beginning, only one thing existed! This chile. :

constituted all things that were yet to be. Time and space' did

not exist apart from each other. Matter and spirit wefe one

and were part of the one thing that was. Some calbthis age the
Age of Ten-Thousand Truths, for all the stories of creation,

all the tales that explain the origin of the many things, have <.

their roots in this Age —— and all those tales are rrue tales.
Others call this age the Dawn of Time, before the:
allthings from the womb of the Emerald Mother. This: wasa time
of perfection. The hengeyokai did not exist apart from every-
thing else in this age. They were not needed asa balance or bridge
between matter and spirit; this division did not yet exist.

The First .Age came to.an end when the Emerald
Mother gave birth tothe San Yuan, which western Fera call
the Triat. The emergence of the Wyld, the Weaver and the
Wyrm began the cycle ofcreation and destruction and broke
apart the union and harmony of the one thing."

‘The lesson. of the First Age is divinity. All things < come
from the one thing, which was perfect and, therefore, divine.
Alli things long to return to that perfect state of divinity — and
nn is the start of the turning of the Wheel of the oe

ge of fle Jew S Bovwsapial T Titel

sprang into movement. The Wheel began turning. The San
Yuan gave birth co-an abundance of things _ plants,
animals, rocks, mountains —- taking spirit ahd wrapping it
with flesh, giving it substance and differentiating one thing
from another. The Weaver tried to name all that she Created
from the stuff of the Wyld, working as fast as she could befor €
the Wyrm destroyed whar she created to make room. for
more new ideas-rade flesh.

The world formed at thistime as land and water parted —

giving birth to the Middle Kingdom. Spirit creatures bickered"

with one another; creatures of matter did the same. Grear

objects fell from the newly created sky and tore the world apart;

only to have it reshaped and refilled with new creatures.
The dynamic process of birth and death, ofcreation and

destruction, took firm hold on the world. During this time;"

humans came into being, filled with intelligence and an

adaptability that made them different from all the others.

animals and spirits.

The Yama Kings came forth from: the Yomi World, the
realm of the W/yrm and of destruction. Facing therm, opposing,
therm, were the Ministers of Heaven, also known by Western'

178

The Wheel of the Ages, a procession of twelve stages Gf=,.
change set into motion by the Emerald Mother when time and

| them theig pu
Her enemi

oe Completely, recovered —

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE Le LT AT A

Fera as Incarnae. These two forces fell to fighting for dominion

over the world; soon, it becameclearthat the Serpent of Balance,

the Wyrmin it$ original form, had fallen into corruption, seeking
‘to destroy the balance and bring about total destruction. Thus
was bormthe Centipede, the instrument of Corruption.

One of theamost powerful Ministers of Heaven, known as

"the August Personage, selected humans to defend the earth

from the Centipede. Imbuing them with spirit and granting

_ them great powers, he sent them to Earth, where they were

known as the Wan Mian, or Ten Thousand Immortals.
Likewise, the Wyld created herown protectors——the hsien-—
spirit clothed in fleshy shells, like the fae of the West.

"Che Emerald Mother, however, understood the need for
art equal bond. between flesh and spirit. She took hurnans and
beasts and "bound them together, using the strongest and
fiercest of spirits. With the blessings of the Sun and Moon to
seal the balance, Gaia gave birth to the hengeyokai and gave
ose —~ to act as Her defenders and, by fighting
, as the protectors of the Ten Thousand Things.
D zing the Second Age, the hengeyokai made the Great
PB. jee with their spirit brothers and sisters, swearing to honor
hem and to come to their aid in return for mutual assistance
i the part of che spirits. Only the Banes, spirit children of the
Centipede, stayed away from the Pact, having made theirown

| arrangements with their creator and with the Yama Kings.

The lesson.of the Second Age is creation. Everything
that exists has Avpurpose. Nothing is created uselessly or
eason. With the coming of the hengeyokai, every-
thing was set into ‘place for the Great Wheel to turn again.
a soit did.

Ge GA GOORE.

, the Third Age of the Great Cycle, is a time

"to ‘eolncmaber when the nights are coldest and the world

With the birth of the Triat, the Great Gyele of Bane . seems to hold.no light. It was atime of heroes, when all the

hengeyokai ralliéd to war in-the name of the Emerald
Mother, Fighting alongside the Wan Xian and the great
dragons, the shapechanging childien of the Emerald Mother
battled the armies of the Yama‘Kings, bringing the art of
High War to its greatest peak.

_ During this Gime, legends carne to life, and tales that are still
éid to inspire the young and old had their roots. The armies of
the Emerald Mother drove the Yama Kings back to the Yomi
Lands: Adlthehengeyokai did their part, Wolfs children and the

sons and daughters of Tiger proved particularly fierce in their

task of ridding Gaia of the creatures of the Centipede. .No one
shirked her duty. The children of the great dragons, the Zhong

» Iiunas, fought the minions of the Yama Kings with particular
. ferocity. When: the Yama Kings fled the world, the Zhong Lung

followed thera, brigging the fight to the Yori Lands.

: ‘Thar was thei greatest mistake, and it cost them dearly. In
their pride and over-zealousness, the childrenofthe great dragons
gave the advantage of home territory to their enemy. The Zhong
Lung diedim-greaemumbers, a loss from.which they have never
all because they forgot the First Man-
date and took on a task that was not theirs to undertake.

|


|

The lesson of the Age of Legends is twofold. The first
lesson is that of acceptance ~~ of knowing the task assigned
by the Emerald Mother and fulfilling that task instead of
searching for greater glory or responsibility. The second
lesson. is that of cooperation ——~ of realizing that the Emerald
Mother created many kinds ofhengeyokai and that She had
areason for creating each one. All Her children were meant
to work togerher in harmony to accomplish their tasks and
thus keep in harmony with the Great Cycle of Being.

Age of Vag

The Fourth Age, the Age of Testing; marked the first
quarter-turn of the Wheel ofthe Ages and began the inexorable
descent into the dark half of the Wheel. Marked by blood and
betrayal, this Age also coincides with the emergence of humans
into the tide of history. Though mortal men and women had
existed since the time of Ten Thousand Things, humans had
hot yet come toan understanding of their true power. The Wan
Mian, guardians of humans, had previously kept their numbers
to acceptable levels and had ensured that these intelligent and
enterprising creatures did not encroach too noticeably on the
Emerald Mother's verdant lands.

Now the Wan Mian grew greedy and saw the increase in
human numbers as one of the ways to power. They thirsred, as
well, for the Chi power that resided in the sacred places of the
hengeyokai. These beloved children of the August Personage
fell to the temptations of power and greed, sent to them,
undoubtedly by che Centipede's wiles. In their fall from grace,
however, they also threarened the unity of the Beast Courts.

They used their subtle ways to set one court against
another and, just as rhe Western lands became the barrle-
ground for the War of Rage among their Changing Breeds,
the Middle Kingdom served as the staging ground for the
War of Shame.

Although the hengeyokai eventually discovered who
had played rhem false, rhe damage was done. The Okuma,
the children of Bear, left the world because of the tragedy
played out before them. They have not been seer since. The
trust berween the hengéyokai and the Wan Xian —~ now
known as the Kuei-jin —~ was broken.

The Nagah went into hiding, and remain in the shad-
ows for the most part, to this day. The Kumo, wholly given
to the Centipede, feasted on thé blood of all the ‘other
hengeyokai and strengthened their webs.

The Lesson of the Fourth Age is-suspicions "The
hengeyokai need allies to accomplish the work of the

Emerald Mother, but they cannot always trust those with .

whom they compact. Neither can they depend on the same
solution to solve every problem.

Change is constant and a questioning heart is the best
approach to the ever-changing cycle and the ever-turning wheel.

Age Of S bao
The Fifth Age coincides with the coming of the West-

é@rners to the Middle Kingdom.-Known as the Age. of
Shadows, this time presages the darker ages to tome as the

SS ee ees an en ES ee

Chapter Four: The Beast Courts

— eT SINS

Great Wheel dips fully inco its darkest cycle. The Kuéi-jin
seldom work as anything other than rivals while the hsien
grow fainter and fainter as the webs of the Weaver grow
stronger. The power of humans increases while their hearts
fall more completely to the wiles of the Corrupter.

The Great Dragoris. sleep, leaving only their lesser
children, the Zhong Lung, to remind the hengeyokai of the
times of greatness that once existed. The future grows daily
darker, and Wesrerners speak of a great catastrophe —~ and
Apocalypse =~ that will mean the end of all things.

The hengeyokai hold true to their belief in the Great
Cycle of Being, knowing rhat this Age is bur a necessary
precursor to an even darker time that is not the end of all
things, but anew stage in the turning of the Wheel.

The lesson of the Fifth Age has yet to be determined, for
only when an age has passed and a new time has begun can
the meaning of the last age come clear.

age Of SPP

The world: hovers on the verge of the Sixth Age, and it
is not an age for happiness. This time represents the nadir of
the Great Wheel of the Ages. From the perfection of
oneness, creation has splintered into many factions. From
unity has come chaos and the Sixth Age epitomizes that
chaos. "AA great darkness hangs over the future; only a few
dare to see the light thar glimmers faintly beyond.

The héngeyokai, born as guardians ~of the Emerald
Mother, know that one thing must lead to another; accord-
ing to the Great Cycle of Being. The Wheel of the Ages must
turn co utter darkness before it can begin irs movernent back
toward the light. Only by passing through a time of utrer

Ade pget ORE LASEOP

Bakemono?: A. fomor; fomori-

Dragon Nest: -A caérn:

Gai'nan: A ranking court official; "magistrate."

Hsien: Eastern fae. ;

Kuei-jint The vampire-like undead of the East.

Mirror Lands: The spirit world.

Namebreaker:(A human mage; one who misuses
the power of Naming...

San Yuan: The Triat.

Sentai: A mixed war party, or" pack," of hengeyokai-
Mourtain sentai are permanént groups bonded by a4
torem; Wave sentai are temporaty alliances.

Shen: Supernatural beings; vampires, werebeasts
and the like. :

Suriset People: Wesrern shapechangers; the term
"‘refererices the Westeérters' fatalism as much as* their
place of origin: oy... .

‘Tapestry: "Phe Near Ubabra yng,

Yang World: The Deep Umbra. >

Yin World: The Dark Umbra.

179

t

corruption and despair can the Wheel move again into the
light of perfection.

There are those, mostly in che West, who seek to halr
the turning of the Wheel, thinking thar by averting whar
they call the Apocalypse, they can preserve what is left of
the Emerald Mother's vision.. They are wrong.

The Wheel must turn.

Fiore Ager

What happens when the Sixth Age passes into-the
Seventh Age, as ir must? Only the Emerald Morher and Her
equals in the Celestial and Infernal Courts know for certain.
The hengeyokai can only infer thar, just as life gives way to
death in order to make room for more life; che Great Cycle
of Being will push the Wheel of the Ages away from darkness
toward an upward cycle of growing perfection.

When that time approaches, the light of Gaia's perfection
will outshine the darkness of the W/yrm's corruption and the
Weaver's webs will once more unite all things into one perfect,
harmonious whole —- and the Great Cycle will begin again.

Oegantztafior ati SCALY

Unlike Western shapechangers, who tend to keep to
themselves and generally distrust: other Breeds, the
hengeyokai by necessity cooperate and coexist with one
another. Calling themselves the Beast Courts of the Emer-
ald Mother, they use their system of "courts" to unite the
varying Breeds while maintaining their distinct purposes.

The Beast Courts hold most of cheir caerns in common
and tend to have septs that contain members from several of
the Changing Breeds. Even their smallest working unit, the
sentai, frequently consists of more than one hengeyokai
Breed. Any hengeyokai who swears fealry to the Emerald
Mother and follows the Way of Emerald Virtue may join the
Beast Courts, even. if they come from the strange Sunset
Lands of the Wesr.

Nocall the hengeyokai belong to the Beast Courts. The
Kumo, or Asian werespiders, have given their service tothe
Great Centipede and eschew the Beast Courts of the Emer-
ald Mother. The Khan divide themselves berweeni the Beast
Courts and the Bastet, while the Glass Walkers of Hong
EKong and Japan have not yet pledged themselves wholly to
the Emerald Mother, though individuals from those groups
have cast their lot with the Beast Courts. Those who remain
apart, however, recognize and respect the Beast Courts and
work with them when mutual concerns dictate cooperation.

Hengeyokai who belong to the Beast Courts differ from
those who do not because they follow a Renown system,
known as the Way of Emerald Virtue, which emphasizes
different values than the Western systems of Renown fol-
lowed by the Changing Breeds. This Renown system re-
wards those who follow their chosen auspice, determined
not by their birth but by certain rituals designed to disclose
a hengeéyokai's role in the Courts.

180

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LE eT i TT SL A

Just as morc all hengeyokai give service to the Beast
Courts, some hengeyokai who do belong to the Beast Courts
uphold the Renown systems of their Changing Breed rarher
than the Way of Emerald Virtue. These hengeyokai serve
the Emerald Mother but do not fully adhere to all the ways
of the Beast Courts.

Hengeyokai that hold official positions in rhe Courts'
sacred places ‘or that bond together in a mountain sentai
usually follow the traditional Way of Emerald Virtue, giving
themselves fully to the Beast Courts.

Those belonging to the Beast Courts also follow a
cominon code of behavior, called the Mandates, rather than
the individual Litany or Laws of their breed. This common
set of dos and don'ts ensutes that the hengeyokai of the Beast
Courts share the same laws, which take precedence over the
individual codes of the various Changing Breeds. This helps
minimize disputes when the Mandates conflict with one or
another of the Liranies. .

When such conflicts do arise, however, hengeyokai
who adhere to their Breed's Litany or Laws may cite the First
Mandate to support their actions.

TP COGSL

Esch hengeyokai caern, ot dragan's nest,-has a court to
guard it..Im many ways,.a caern's court occupies the same
position as that of a sepr in Western lands. Many of the
hengeyokai belonging to the court live there, following a
highly structured hierarchy of offices, not unlike the Garou
pecking order. In past Ages, the various courts were elaborate
structures containing many positions and requiring a thor-
ough knowledge of etiquetre in order to negotiate the maze of
protocol and ceremonies. In the present Age, however, the
courts have diminished and only a few offices remain func-
tional. These offices, however, do hold great power within the
court. The number of hengeyokai ison the decline, just as the
Changing Breeds diminish in the Sunset Lands. Now each
hengeyokai caern must struggle tO maintain a few sentai to
earry out the wishes of the court and the Emerald Mother:

One thing all the courts agree on, however, is thar each
hengeyokai race has its rightful position in the Courts of the
Mother. From the regal Khan to the lowly Nezumi,.all are
honored for their chosen role and respected forthe part they
play in the greater whole.

‘The Kumo form the sole exception to this harmony: The
Goblin Spiders, sworn to the service of the Centipede, have set
themselves the role or adversaries ro the rest of rhe hengeyokai
Courts. Nevertheless, the Beast Courts respect them as worthy
enemies, even honoring any ambassadors sent by the Kumo to
the Courts. Such visitors are watched carefully, though, to
make certain that they do not violate any of the protocols and
that they behave with the utmost propriety during their stay at
the Courts. Occasionally, the hengeyokai and the Kumo find
themselves drawn into a temporary alliance against a common
enemy. These alliances are short-lived, however, and Kumodo
not, as a rule, join the Beast Courts.


Ofiear

Thete are four official positions that are common to
most Beast Courts.Called Gai'nan, or "magistrate," each
position helps to uphold the framework of hengéeyokai
society and keep order within the caern. While some larger
caerns may add minor positions such as Questioner of the
Law or Herald of All Tongues, the four magistrate positions
described below are essential to the smooth functioning of
any hengeyokai caern and can usually be found in even the
smallest dragon's nest.

* Regent —- The elder who holds this title occupies the
highest position in the caern hierarchy. Responsible for the
well-being of the court's members, the regent also interprets
and upholds the laws, serves as judge in any disputes chat
might arise and décides what duties the court should assume.
Chosen by the acclaim of members of the court, rather than
élected, the regent must also receive the approval of the Court
of Ancestors, which is petitioned when the regent is named.

Members of the court watch the regent's every move
closely, for she must serve as an example to all her underlings.
She must make sure to uphold the Mandates and preserve all
the traditions that keep the court together or else suffer great
loss of face and Renown for her shortcomings.

In times of crisis, the regent may be removed from office
by the other Gai'nan, but only if she fails to listen to the
suggestions and recommendations of the other magistrates
and makes inauspicious decisions regarding the court. If at
any time, the regent acts against the court's best interests or
in clear violation of the Mandares, the orher court officials
have the right to replace her with a more suitable temporary
or permanent regent.

If, however, the Gai'nan cannot prove that they acted
out-of necessity in removing the regent, they stand to lose
much Renown for acting against a regent approved by the
Emerald Mother and the Court of Ancestors.

* General =——.The general serves as war-leader:to a
hengeyokai court. Much as the Garou Warder bears the
ultimate responsibility for the defense of the caern, the
general undertakes the task of training the members of the
court for both offensive and defensive actions on behalf of
the caern and the Emerald Mother. In the past, this training
usually consisted of traditional ways of both High and Low
war. Today, generals may be more comfortable using mod-
ern methods of war,.including commando and guerrilla
tactics as well high-tech defenses.

While the: general's influence within the court may
vary depending ‘on the political situation surrounding his
court, the state of near constant war against the Centipede's
encroachments as well as the depredatrions of human society
usually mean that the general's words and actions are seldom
ignored. The safety of the caern may rest with the general's
requests for supplies, funding or other necessities.

* Seer -— The seer serves as the spiritual liaison
between the caérn and the inhabitants of the Mirror Lands
(the spirit world), working in the same capacity as the Garou

Se se es en Ae ER ee

Master of Rites. The hengeyokai holding this position is
responsible for sammoning and commanding spirits when
necessary, for overseeing the rituals and rites thar bind
sentai, and for requesting favors or Gifts from the spirits.

The seer enjoys great personal power within the caern,
a factor that makes her vulnerable to corruption through
ambition or greed. In addition, the seer's position as media-
tor between the spirit and physical worlds places her in a
high-visibilicy role in the spirit world; thus, she is often the
firse target for a concerted attack on rhe caern by Umbral
minions of the Centipede or the Yama Kings. Because of this
vulnerability, most seers usually have at least one successor
in training in case the worst should happen.

* Historian — This position involves keeping the oral
traditions of the hengeyokai in-general and the caern in
particular alive and close to the members of the court. The
historian must learn by heart the history of the caern, the
legends of the hengeyokai, and other important pieces of
lore, thus making himself a walking libtary accessible to all
members of the court. He also receives reports from scouts,
for he is best at piecing together disparate bits of information
and, thus, interpreting current events for the other Gai'nan.

Historiaris usually spend a lifetime in training for this
role and are, therefore, chosen soon after their Fitst Change.
Zhong Lung are ideal for the role of historian, though metis
hengeyokai of any breed are also suitable since they live
their early lives in the court surrounded by all the informa-
tion resources at the court's disposal.

* Sentai The primary action unit of a court, similar
in mature to a Garou pack, the semtai has its own special
place in court. Mountain sentai, bound together for long-
term actions, often enjoy areprieve from other court duties
because of the importance of their work. Wave sentai,
formed for more termporary reasons, do not hawe the same
concessions and may, in fact, be made up ofhengeyokai from
more than one court.

© Courtiers —— Those hengeyokai who donot hold one
of the four major offices arid whe do not belong to a sentai act
as courtiers. Though they have lesser roles, they are still viral
tothe well-beingofthe court. Larger courts often assign minor
positions of responsibility to courtiers; these henge yokai may
also act as assistants and apprentices to those holding key
positions in the court. They, too, must follow the Mandares
and conduct themselves in ways that meet with the approval
of their peers and the Emerald Mother. Most wise regents
make certain that every member of their court has a role to
play in the upkeep of hengeyokai society.

fe Uardafer

When the Erierald "Mother first brought the Beast
Courts into being, She instituted a code of laws to maintain
harmony and cooperation -among the various .courts.
Hengeyokai legend claims that the Emerald Mother gave
these laws, known as the Mandates, directly to the First
Regent of the First Court.

Chapter Four: The Beast Courts 181

eo ee EN


a

These laws are considered the wishes of Gaia Her-
self and all hengeyokai loyal .to the Beast Courts are
expected to obey the Mandates to the best of their
ability. Even though different Breeds cast their own
interpretation onto the Mandates, their existence as a
common code of behavior is often the only unifying
bond among otherwise fractious hengeyokai Breeds.

Of all the Mandates, the First ‘and Final Mandates
hold the most importance. These rwo laws form the
lynchpin upon which hengeyokai sociery hinges. While
the First Mandate serves to keep each hengeyokai Breed
mindful of the purpose for which they were created, the
Final Mandate ensures that the lifeblood of the Emerald
Mother continues to flow unimpeded by Weaver or
Wyrm. While violations of the other mandates usually
receive swift and often harsh punishment, violarion of
either the First or Final Mandates is met with the most
prolonged and excruciating penalties.

SKLAE NEA fllE GALA
LULA Pdave Peer Cifeer Vow

‘The Emerald Mothércreared each hengeyokai Breed
with a specific purpose. She made the Hakken Garou to
fight the Wyrm, the Tengu to uncover hidden things,
the Nezumi to keep humans from overwhelming the
balance, the Zhong Lung to hold the memories of the
world, the Khan to gather the Wyrm''s secrets and serve
as warriors, the Nagah.-to act as judges (and sometimes
executioners) for the hengeyokai and the Same-Bito to
defend the Mother's seas. No hengeyokai may refuse to
fulfill her purpose... Because of this mandate, no
hengeyokai can abandon her duty in-order'to live a
normal "human" life without facing retribution from her
peers. Usually, Hengeyokai who violate this Mandate
suffer the punishment of the Rire of Quiet Burial.

Reality: Occasionally,a hengeyokai is born into one
Breed but is better suired im the role of another. A
naturally weak Hakken may serve the Emerald Mother
better as a collector of information, the prerogative of rhe
Tengu, for example. As long as the balance is kept, some
leeway is allowed; but there must be an appropriate task
at hand. A Hakken who turns to information gathering
must devote his attention to inforrnation concérning the
court's wars, and is usually expected to become a strate-
gist. To ignore the duty to contribute in war is to not be
Hakken, and therefore in violation of rhe Mandate.

ered Sie Eee
OC Bat LE ay Circ: fer Fuerst

The Wheel of the Ages must go through irs enrire
eycle inorder roachieve the state of perfection thatonce
existed during the First Age. The hengeyokai know that
they are the guardians of the Wheel and that it is their
job to-make certain thar the Fifth or present Age flows
into the Sixth, regardless of the bloodshed associated
with that darkest of times. Some of the shen, the Kuei-
182

Ja ——.,

re ANN (
v4 casted)


jincin particular, would prefer to'stop the Wheel in an age
that favors them, but the Emerald Mother's changing chil-
dren know their purpose and dedicate their lives ro the
turning of the Wheel.

Reality: Some hengeyokai actually wish to reverse the
Wheel, sending it back to the tire of the First Age without going
through the dark cycle. These reactionaries are rare, however,
and hide their motives from the Courts. Most hengeyokai put
more trust in the wisdom of the Emerald Mother.

Phavune Not xo butKeidt Vour Contin
tie PLE SaME

This law prevents hengeyokai from stepping on-one
another's toes. Warriors should nor tell scholars or scouts
how to do their job, while those who deal primarily with the
spirit world and enact: rites and rituals should-nor tell
warriors how to fight their battles... The Third Mandate
enforces acts of trust upon the hengeyokai; not only must
they trust one another to perform the tasks they are most
suited for, they must also see that they, themselves, live up
to their purpose. Only the Nagah have the right to presiume
on the deeds of other hengeyokai, since they act as judges.
Even they, however, may only punish those who betray their
purpose and the Emerald Mother; they have no jurisdiction
over the merely incompetent.

Reality: The politics of the hengeyokai cotirts lends
itself to gossip and meddling, so this Mandate often gets
stretched to its limit. While courtiers do not usually openly
challenge the actions of others, they may spread rumors and
gossip of a pejorative nature.

Stoner Your Vertttory te LAEG fits

Each hengeyokai court is tresponsible for maintaining
its Caern in good order, keeping the spirits associated with
the caern. placated and cooperative and seeing ro the
health and well-being of the local Kinfolk. How they do
this is largely left up to the internal customs and traditions
of each Breed.

Reality: Cotflicts among supernaturals often involve
people, places or spirits thar fall under the aegis of hengeyokai
"rerritory." The most common battles involve hengeyokai
and any Kuei-jin who prey upon Kinfolk or other protected
groups or individuals.

Ae heresy Crstde Yow
tee One sb gg iglp AD after 2 COMPIE

This Mandate is hecessary when dealing with groups
of supernaturals subject to Rage or frenzy. The Fifth Man-
date dictates tolerance and cooperation among the
hengeyokai and requires the Asian shapechangers to con-
trol their anger so as not to waste their aggressive tenden-
cies on one another.

Reality: Western shapechangers and orher foreign
supernaturals are often considered fair game and are not
protected by this Mandate.

Sfonor bLeur Ancor: and Your faa!

Asian culttires in general pay special attention to hon-
oring their living elders and their dead ancestors. So, too, do
the hengeyokai hold those whe are older and wiser -in
reverence, listening to their wisdom and learning from their
experience. Hengeyokai often perform rituals to honor their
ancestor-spirits in addition to honoring the elders of their
courts and their Breeds.

Reality: This Mandate is not a particularly hard one to
keep, since so much of it is bound in traditional practices"A
few of the younger hengeyokai may question the wisdom of
their elders but they usually learn betrer. Rarelydo hengeyokai
fail to honor their ancestor-spirits, since they have learned
that ic does not pay to neglect their Umbral relations.

Ptonor the Cage Pgs flte Shleifer

Hengeyokai are creatures of flesh and spirit, and it only
makes sense that they pay proper homage to the spirits of the
Yang world. This obeisance serves as a reminder of the ties
that bind the hefgeyokai to their spirit kin and of the ancient
pacts forged between spirits and animals in the Second Age.

Reality: Again, young hengeyokai sometimes question
the traditions of their elders, particularly if they are drawn
to Wesrern culrure. They usually discover, however, that
the old ways are the best for them. Spirits help those who
remember to honor them, so even the most radical
hengeyokai learn that they cannot perform their duties
without aid from the spirits.

fUae Nit Chor ? terpacrs Nor Fe?

This Mandate serves a dual purpose. First, it reminds
the hengeyokai thar they, too, have both animal and
human natures and that they should honor both halves by
refraining from war against either. Second, this law pre-
vents hengeyokai from declaring war on groups of crea-
tures, whether in an attempt to curb human populations
with another Impergium or ina catastrophic war against
other hengeyokai Breeds such'as occurred during the War
of Shame. : :

‘This does not prevent hengeyokai from attacking indi-
viduals orsmall groups of humans or animals that have made
themselves enemies of the Emerald Mother. Deaths ofren
occur when carrying out the work of Gaia, but these should
mever be the purpose of a hengeyokai action.

Reality: This Mandate has had an ironic effect among
the Hakken,-who have become so enmeshed in Japanese
culture that they have lost much of their connection with
their wolf nature. Orher hengeyokai have varying degrees of
contact with human society. The Tengu indulge their fasci-
nation with humans from a distance, while the Nezumi see
this Mandate as preventing therm from using the arts of High
War against humans. They see no problem with using more
subtle forms of Low War to control the human population,
since such is their purpose according to the First Mandate.

Chapter Four: The Bedst Comrts 183

— I —  ——— TN

|
:

L

Leaf Ne Ce of Noftli.
MioKife fla Sa EP | Deus

This Mandate, along with the First Mardate, defines
what it means to be hengeyokai. The sacred places, where
the power of the Emerald Mother gathers, keeps the spirit
world alive and allows the Great Wheel to continue turn-
ing. To let any of these places fall, either from neglect or
betrayal, constitutes one of the most heinous crimes against
the Emerald Mother. Any hengeyokai who betraysa dragon
nest to its enemies is punished, -if discovered, with the
fearsome Rite of Hell Made Flesh.

Reality: Betrayals do occur, since even the hengeyokai
aré not immune to corruption. The punishment for such an
action, however, is horrible enough to give many potential
traitors cause to rethink their actions.

Se Sipste: Chroupt f_Ief0n

Sentai, or war parties, arise among the hengeyokai iri
accordance with ancient traditions and with the approval of
the Court of Ancestors and the spirits of the Mirror Lands.
While they serve the same purpose as Garou packs, sentai
also usually inchide more than one hengeyokai Breed. Some
sentai come together out of immediate necessity and dis-
solve when the need has passed. Other sentai form with the
intention of staying together for an indefinite period of time
and devote themselves to the ongoing service of their court
and the Emerald Mother.

According to tradition, the ideal sentai consists of five
members. The number five is most pleasing to the spirits
since it has-so many correspondences: the five cardinal
directions, five elements and. five phases of the Moon. To
correctly balance a sentai and ensure the miost auspicious
beginning of a héengeyokai war party, each element and
direction should be represented once and only once. Fur-
thermore, each member has an assigned task to perform
within the sentai.

AD piphitattes SELEPIE

Mountain'sentai form for lorig-térm purposes: Mem-
bers of a mountain sentai owe unswerving and complete
leyalty to the Courts of the Emerald Mother. Each member
puts her sentai above herself and fulfills her'task in accor-
dance with the ancient traditions. Mountain sentai choose
acommon totem in the manner of Garou packs. The bonds
between members of mountain sentai are strong and lasting.
All members of mountain sentai usually follow the Way of
Emerald Virtue as their system of Renown.

LUgte Sétif

Wave sentai, like the natural phenomenon that gives
them their name, are transient and ephemeral, though no less
important than mountain sentai. Formed often on the spur of
the moment torespond to an immediate need, members of the
wave sentai need not follow the common Renown system of
the Beast Courts. In fact,'some rare wave semtai consist of
Western shapechangers, trusted Namebreakers or other trusted

184

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OEE Le i, AY A

non-shapechangers 4s well ag standard hengeyokai. They také
no commen totem and need not do anything miore than
cooperate in the task at hand.
AALS

Among the hengeyokai, auspices do not depend on the
time of birth or the phase of the moon; rather, auspices refer ta
the particular role a hengeyokai fulfills within her sentai. How
well an Eastern changer performs her assigned task determines
how much Renown she receives according to her auspice.

Both. mountain and wave sentai ideally include one
member of each auspice in order co attract the most auspi-
cious luck from the spirit world. Mountain sentaithatdo not
have enough members to represent each of the five auspices
may still function, though they are considered inauspicious
and unfinished. Similarly, wave sentai do not have to have
a member of each auspice in their group, bur if they ignore
the tradition, they may find themselves beset by bad luck.

eye re

The Lantern serves as the heart or beacon of the sentai.
Usually the leader of the group, the Lantern directs the
actions of chesentaiand binds the members together into an
efficiently functioning whole. While the Lantern may cede
his leadership to other auspices under the proper circum-

stances ——~ such as allowing the Fist to command in battle
and encouraging the Leaf to direct scouting and stealth
missions —— he maintains his position as guiding light and

chief decision maker for the sentai. Wisdornm and good
judgment are prerequisites for this demanding role. Renown
comes easily to Lanterns who excel in their assigned role.

Concepts: Mediator, executive, hero, director, teacher,
judge, police lieurenant

Fie

"The Fist acts as primary war-leader for the sentai. Skilled
in*weapons, martial arts or simply knowledgeable in the ways
of war and willing ro put himself.on the front lines, the Fist
takes the lead whenever the sentai faces anenemy on the field
of battle. Since hengeyokai possess at least some degree of
Rage, battles are often inevitable; hence, the Fist occupies a
place of primary importance within the context of the sentai.
This auspice concerns itself with both offense and defense, for
sometimes avoiding combat by not offering a weak spot to an
enemy is the best way to victory. Gaining Renown in battle
requires more than just bravery; skilled Fists must show a good
command of tactics and the ability to act wisely in combat.

Concepts: Martial artist, weaponsmaster, professional
soldier, hit man, hunter
hrror

The Mirror acts as the tongue of the'sentai, speaking to
allies and, occasionally, enemies in both the physical world
and the Mirror Lands. She contacts the spirits on behalf of
the sentai, approaches individuals or groups who might form
alliances and often defuses tense situations that might
otherwise result in combat. The Mirror provides magical


support for the sentai with her well-developed arsenal of
Gifts. While this role is fraught with danger, since Mirrors
are often targets for spirit attacks, hengeyokai who show
wisdom in this role gain great Renown.

Concepts: Seer, mystic, healer, riremaster, orator, sOrcérer

"ea

The Leaf acts as the sentai's eyes and ears. in hidden
places. She serves as a scout, spymaster and information
analyst. Her cleverness and circumspectness are her chief
assets, since she risks much in her practice of stealth. Arc
times, the Leaf may act as an assassin, when the arts of Low
War suit the sentai's purposes. She risks much, but in return,
gains much glory if she is successful. A. responsible sentai
does not hesitate to use their Leaf to advantage, but when
she falls into trouble, they also act without hesiration to
rescue her from danger.

Concepts: -Spy, hacker, detective, tracker, assassin,
escape artist

ier

The Pillar is the workhorse of the sentai; seldom occu-
pying center stage or a position of leadership, rhe Pillar acrs
as a support to the other members of the sentai. A steady
influence on the more focused mermbers, the Pillar provides
inspiration, physical backup and any other kind of needed
assistance. Usually, the Pillar is a comipetent fighter who is
well-versed in other skills as well. Not a specialist, the Pillar
can often fill in for any position if a sentai member falls in
battle or needs rescuing from an. .énemy. While not as
glamorous: a-role as the other auspices, Pillars may gain
Renown by providing constant assistance to their comrades.

Concepts: Philosopher, jack-of-all-trades,- medic,
lorekeeper, foot soldier, technician

Aaniving Aigioces

Occasionally, the disbanding of a séntai or some other
major event may signal a change in a hengeyokai's chosen
role. While hengeyokai seldom change auspices, lerting the
wisdom of the Emerald Mother dicrate her chosen path,
anyone who feels strongly that she needs to undertake a
different role may do so by undergoing the Rite of the
Second Face. Undergoing this rite more than once is be-
lieved to bring bad luck upon the fickle individual.

Courtiers who decide to abandon the Way of Emerald
Virtue and devore themselves primarily to-the ways of their
Changing Breed may do so by undergoing the Rite of the Great
Burden. Doingso means that the hengeyokai may no longer learn
Gifts peculiar to the path she has forsaken. For the most part,
hengeyokai seldom veer from their destined auspice or path.

She lay of Gaerdd Vitro

The Beast Courts of the hengeyokai follow a Renown
system known as the Way of Emerald Virtue. Rather than
taking into account the particulars of each Changing Breed
represented. in the Beast Courts, the Way of Emerald Virrue

Ser i mc i a ts Si i

CAapter Four: The Beast Covrts

emphasizes the common threads that tinite all rhe hengeyokai
breeds and ser them apart from other shen. This system
grants rewards and respect to those who follow the Man-
dates given to the hengeyokai by the Emeraid Mother, who
serve as faithful courtiers within the Beast Courts, who
distinguish themselves in their sentai or who otherwise act
to defend Gaia's sacred places in the Middle Kingdom.

Zeeonirs

The Renown' system contained within the Way of
Emerald Virtue recognizes three categories, clistributed
among six auspices: the five-fold auspices represented ina
sentai as well as a sixth auspice, that of courtier..Courtiérs
take a less active role in the outside world than the orher five
auspices; nevertheless, they use their skills to maintain and
defend the caern itself.

Even though. hengeyokai- Renown consists of three
types, all Eastern Changers know that the rhree categories
are intermixed.-Hengeyokai who pursue Virtue may also
accrue Glory-arid Wisdom in the process, while Glory
cannot truly manifest without Wisdom and Virtue nor can
Wisdom express itself without taking Glory and Virtue into
consideration. Regardless of which category is primary ina
particular auspice, hengeyokai of all auspices recognize the
importance of all three types of Renown in preserving
personal balance and harmony.

tinting anil !ettng Tap etre

Hengeyokai gain Renown by acting in accordance with
their auspice and distinguishing themselves in the eyes of
their peers, their elders, the Court of Ancestors and the
Emerald Mother. Renown is awarded im court ceremonies,
though occasionally a hengeyokai may receive an immedi-
ate reward on the field of battle for extraordinary actions.

Losing Renown -causes preat loss of face' to. any
hengeyokai so unfortunate as to do so. To lose Renown by
acting against one's auspice or by committing shameful acts
is considered barbaric behavior; typical perhaps of ignorant
Western shapechangers but-mot expected of civilized
hengeyokai..Poor behavior, acting contrary to the dictates
of auspice or manifesting base qualities such as cowardice or
greed usually results in heavy losses of Renown. Not only
does the offending hengeyokai lose Renown for her wrong-
headed action, but she also loses Renown due to the shame
of losing Renown! The hengeyokai demand much. Where
rewards are great, losses are equally great.

CLY

Glory speaks for itself —=risking one's life on the
battlefield against the Centipede's armies, valiantly defend-
ing a dragon nest from attack by hostile Narnebreakers
thirsty for the power contained within it, overcoming over-
whelming odds to achieve an important mission for the
Emerald Mother. These deeds spring from the lips of Court
historians. But Glory also includes less glamorous actions, as
long as they embody courage, steadfastness and loyalty.

185

— ES EN,


Liseless dearhs or ritual suicide does nor earn Glory
Renown. The hengeyokai know that their nunibers are so
few that useless death does not add to the cause of the
Emerald Mother. Those who live bravely and fight honor-
ably and fiercely accomplish more than those that die
gloriously but to no effect.

birtive

Virtue Renown includes holding fast to rhe Mandates,
cultivating honesty; integrity, conipassion. and civiliry in
one's everyday dealings and striving to live in perfect accér-
dance with the Great Cycle of Being and the Wheel of the
Ages. Whete Western shapechangers might consider these
qualities to be contained within their definition of Honor,
hengeyokai recognize that honor carries many meanings. To
the Hakken, honor requires living up to the code of the
warrior; the Nezumi, however, have a different definition of
honor. Virtue, however, consists of living up to the standards
set out for each particular hengeyokai breed, rather than
behaving according to a specific set of morals. Nezumi earn

Mirtue through adhering to their purpose in Gaia's plan; "

Hakken by serving as Gaia's warriors. This Renown category
encourages cooperation among the hengeyokai and those
with liccle Virtue lose respect within the Beast Courts.

PUagors

Wisdom Renown comes from listening to one's iririer
nature and paying attention to the teachings of the spirits of
the Mirror Lands and the Court of the Ancestors. Hengeyokai
earn Wisdom by adhering to duty, obeying the elders of the
Court, and trying to live the perfection epitomized by the
unity of the First Age. Hengeyokai with little Wisdom often.
fail to achieve anyching of lasting import —~ including the
rise in rank that comes with earning Renown.

Pepe

Hengeyokai acknowledge five levels of Rank, just as do
Western shapechangers. They name their Ranks after sig-
nificant materials: wood, iron, steel; gold and silver, in that
order. All hengeyokai use these titles, regardless of their
Breed. When introducing themselves formally and stating
their rank, chey combine rank and auspice, naming them-
selves as Iron Courtier, Steel Leaf, etc.

Hengeyokai usually wear badges or some other outward
symbol of their rank for identification by other hengeyokai
and by the spirics. This rank symbol is usually combined with
the badge or colors of their court; thus a Steel-rank Tengu
of the Bright Feather Court might wear a steel feather on his
person or else wear robes embroidered with dark blue feath-
ers. Silver rank is usually represented by the color white,
since most hengeyokai have trouble with the actual metal.
When necessary, hengeyokai vulnerable to gold use yellow
badges instead of a gold medallion.

Hengeyokai that have not yet gone through their Rite
of Passage are referred to as Stone; their color is gray. From
lowest ro highest, the Ranks and their associated colors are
Wood (brown), Iron (red), Steel (blue), Gold (yellow) and

186

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

a LT A

Silver (white). Silver holds ‘the highest rank due to its
association with the Moon. Some few hengeyokai attain the
rare Sixth rank, called Jade and associated with the color
green. Jade-rank hengeyokai are accorded the greatest pos-
sible reverence whenever they are encountered.

While ic is theoretically possible for an individual to
pretend to arank she has not attained by wearing the badge
and color associated with that rank, the spirits generally
know from other signs and look unfavorably on duplicitous
hengeyokai. Since the spirits witness Rites of Renown, they
make such attempts at cheating known when they occur.
Only rarely do great tricksters succeed in fooling the spirits;
for successfully doing so, these legendary figures earn respect
if they do so in extreme circurmstamces when the defense of
the caern is at stake. When hengeyokai do find it mecessary
to disguise their rank, they often masquerade as someone of
lower rank; since this is considered less dishonorable than
pretending to a rank that has not yet been earned.

TP LClRl

Each of the hengeyokai Changing Breeds has its own
similarities and differences to their Western counterparts.
Their cooperation with one another may seem unfamiliar
and strange to Sunset Fera, but their union in the Courts and
their devorion to the Way of Emerald Virtue keeps them
united. despice differences in Breed. Only the Kumo, or
Goblin Spiders, occupy a place outside the Courts, but they
are included here because they have more in common with
other hengeyokai shatiewith their Western counterparts,
regardless,of whorh ey serve. .

tatiy, -
we The Makker make their home primarily in Japan /<To
Western Garou, they seem likean Asian version of Shadow
Lords. The Sunsee Garou couldn't be more wrong. The
Hakken coxisider themselves, far, superion-to;the Shadow
Lords, whom ‘they s Bs the
Hakken would put!
politics ‘practiced by the
blarant bumblings ofincom
and sophisticated mie :
During the Fourth Age, the Fidkken of both lupus and
human stock made a pact to protect their island home against
the wars raging among hengeyokai courts. and b tweenmor-
tals and shapeshifters. Yo protect Japan, che ;
Rising Sun, the Flakken worked "assiduously to Selithen
their ties with mortals. As they did so, they found themselves
increasingly drawn to the culture and customs of Japan and
straying from the tribal structure followed by most Garou.
They adopted more and more Japanese ways, their human
Kinfolk increased and their involwement in the then feudal
government, politics and culture of Japan increased. The wolf
population was neglected; wolf Kinfolk diminished and the
wolf-strain grew thin within the Hakken population.

cide and


Se
"ws en. erase PO ee
NN,

= Ra <z,
ne POL
i Gee Glor wet Tt
3 (ean On. y we pois p
4 (Guus . 1 3. tie | w
5 ane 2 4: isd.

i ae) om +r
Cpe 3 6 1 huma oday ‘th
R 6 8 . tanc n Kin ne Hi

= 2 th ed fi folk akk
nk 10 em Tom a en
r¢ : 4 H sel thei nd fi A
Wo GS omid vesw eirani ind real
; 2 od) lor 7 cod id H arri nim: the mos
3 ron) 2 y Vv H e i ak ke iors of alnat msel tex
(Ste ieee akle ashi my, th: Gai ure. ves clusi
4¢ steel) 4 i we . foll end ido eva ia, bu s. The more ively
5 Gold), 6 i _ Wisd of the it to not hol the st maj cthey Hakk and born
Wen oon? 3 ¢ om . follow or pen so way ajouty yhead ven vill oon. dice
Liitp ) 10 6 i two iad Benne con oo Cigh oy the w the ay prillconsid S-
Ran OF" 1 s sw evo ene ent. T to th arrio ibe an li er
ank "9 yimb: ‘ords lene ts: he ec r. The follo ives
1. 2 willi olizi of tt ean wa ode er w th *
2 Wood Gi of lingn ng ne esa d uh y of th thou: are lu e
(Ire ) ory 4 ten Mess EO st onl murai selfi e@ war gh th: \pus
3 on} 0. Vi sw upli sh y ji we shn ric ey d
(Ss . i ords i pl OW thi er © 7 a or tay
4 teel) fe O rtue tha sisfa icate mete e sam e the ss —_ TI onsis
(G Wis x n usi rme this yin ural' kata ne ts
5 old): 1 . i emi in. are tra ho is na tradi
(Sil y 1 3 sdo: w ind en me aditi Ror: auth and aditi
ae ilwe 3 3 ; om. eap eroft atura reifuli tion able orit d wai ional
g " 5 (thy ORS tha | we inab of b comb y bu kizas
° 3 v ough > ROT t fact apo atth eari at.T t als shi,
Ra @ ole w de ~ He ory eb ng s he o his
nike 8 ed tk erew > th: akke »-and eCwe Swo Hak AS
: i Cw 9 5 < . nan hu olves ey dra ndon the ensha rds. alcken
2 C1 ood) Any C 10 craigh Strai néains may fi w the ot bine nshapechs sing
3 rom 3 ormbi as i tfor ghtf . ind ro. : d spiri Soe ee
( ) b td Ww ‘oO h w pir S
4 ae z inatic @ppe oes vardnevscoes em without xs nie as a
(Gold a fe cise aranc ONY sdoes ess es m prov © thei
5 (Si ) 13 of ext eof $ este not mea s Ore ocati _
Lz il ELE re $trai ro G me y easi tio
ve 19 ns me aigh Ga ean mb sily as
eee, r) cleve wcce sub tfo rou the olized pro
R e 28 er use ed in pelery orwardny The game "hi by a °
3 - & = 2 .
1 pees Hakk Wisd paar wie speech : 1 Haken to a jewel
2 Woe G of thi en th OM ight s a rival and e man practi akken
(Ir ody lory ti e im at wi Th peeck with acti agin. tice n
4 steel) 2 1 tue g for is moti - Bac egins r,sym pearin ken er
(G WwW. refl tiv hH s wi bo g ca
5 old) 3 2 3 isd : Shit Th ectil atio akk ithr Lofthi toby an
(Silwe 5 1 om intok ese th ons a acti en s eflecti isten the
<or im 3 2 ue ree t the c trons pends ion and et, re
R AP PEE ? 5 hl eee Lo enets cours see ecpest nd kn mind
ank a 8 3 annie ryalty ( orm "wore eepest fe knowledge
1 Ow 5 th uld vael toth chushi edi within eelix templ e
2 (1 food) Glor 8 E eirdu ther die daim: in) ivine vi himmect? lo a-
3 (eon 1 ye Mi " ven ed to th ie tha yo or slew irtues elf. ole
4 teel)- I i irtue ; or -ritu diser: nein chain bet anh princi y know
(G We cur ral sui ace im ray ¢ ead ple nas
5 (Sion can 3 1 isdo mbers uicide, daimyo suite heir le The e embod s
ilver 4 s 1 es i -2Q any fu sine ver, H + pred ord. T irtuc: ies fai
: i n i . Fe :
i ree im Pe bh from Ever ° =p rarely re ace ar ° fail im
4. eive be an Everything wish sort and ono.
F es uath pe — © rE se r.
8 vik Etemnal O rations. rsonal Halkkeri ft to seppuiles
rors' orders al Ob entio: rt, | appear aint fi their
Emerald M will >bedienc ntod usic, ANCEe ae perf
of tt trive focher ways b eu yori politic their ectio
a nein 0 follo Th ein akk Ss an beh ™
cts w abili low us, th acec ent dw ave
avoi Ton: ty. I the hey orda: rust ara
sid a gly f, h com gwea nce wi that il
Cc. clan an acti she Owev man rob ith thei
Ay Fe . Th tio ma er ds edi th ir
apt esults i is i 1. th: y ch vad of thei ienc xe wil supe-
er cs in is se ate oose akle eir dai ein lof
Fon loss ena ould tob en b imy all eens
eo: TT, of sa resul beco eliev: Oto ines
by per: pref t me es th: gs
@ SOTL er: Im R h eb
Beau al ho able s the los. onin i er dames
st Cc mor. ohutil ss of he nord yo
tod On on er
wet even orto to
s thoug pee
it
187

Qe
oe a EN
_


e¢ Acceptance of Just Punishment — When a Hakken
fails in her duty, she does not make excuses. She accepts the
punishment meted out to her with stoicism and humility. As
a balance, however, adaimyo has the duty of making certain
that any punishment meted out is fair and fits the crime.

© Acceptance of Just Fate for Injustices to Others -—
Ifa Hakken acts unfairly toward someone, he knows that the
laws of karma will extract their toll from him someday. Ifa
daimyo commands the Hakken to perform such an action,
the Garou must consider the balance between loyalty and
karma. Usually, che Hakken will put obedience to his daimya
above loss of personal honor.

epdinizayor

Hakken organize themselves into clans pased @pfamiy

eSunterpare:
."stigle combat,

Their martial training and natural ferocity, in

the discipline brought about by their adherence to the way

of the warrior, make them superior generals, bodyguards a

defenders. They prefer serving in sentai thatco tain. Kitsune

or Tengu ‘and rarely feel comfortable cooperating with
Nezumi or Khan.

SPaAttt, Creede ets Fopvisp

Wirth only minor éxceptions, Hakken follow the rules
for Shadow Lords with regard to breeds, forms and auspices.
They differ only in the extreme rarity of lupus stock. Metis
Hakken are very rare and those that do exist serve the Beast
Courts and follow the Way of Emerald Virtue exclusively.

Hakken have no Background restrictions, but Allies,
Kinfolk and Past Life are often given primary consideration.
Though Hakken do not bind spirits into their dai-sho, they
may carry other weapons that are also fetishes without any
loss of honor.

In general, Hakken follow ‘standard Garou paths of
Renown, though some substitute the rhree divine virtues of
Benevolence, Straightforwardness and Wisdom for Glory,
Honor and Wisdom. Those who serve the Beast Courts,
however, usually follow the Way of Emerald Virtue.

188

discretion, the.
related rolls for one scene.

the victim for an hour.

Players Guide fo the CAARGING Breeds

AE Ls TP AY iim a

CL

Hakken begin with thrée Gifts, one each from breed,
auspice and tribe. Those who follow the Way of Emerald Virtue
and serve the Courts choose a breed Gift, a Hakken Gift anda
general hengeyokai Gift, though they may also learn. Shadow
Lord Gifts if they can find an ancestor-spirit to teach thern.

* Dréam of a Thousand Cranes (Level One) —~ By
folding an origami crane, the Hakken enjoys good luck for
a short period of time. An ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The origami takes a full turn to complere; rhe
player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Charisma + Occult.
For the next scene, the Hakken gains one die per success to
add to arher dice pools; each die can be used only once.

* Pair Path (Level One)— The Hakkenappearsar formal
ceremonies clean and dressed in proper attire,even if he has just
returned from bartle. A.water-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: he Hakken lates her hand in clean waters
: quette. At the Storyteller
player: may gain One die to all ‘Appearance.

ese Storm Winds Slash (Level Two) —- Hakken may use

: their katana to injure Wyim creatures at a distance. This

Gift is taughe by a metal or wind- -spirit.
System: The player spends a point Of Gnosis and rolls

dexterity #Melee(difficulty 7). Success enables the Hakken
«fo strike an opponent from as far away as 50 yards;.the

opponent may artempt tod dgé the strike and takes lethal

damage as usual for a katana strike.

Dark of Night (Le el Three) =~ A Hakken can

" Cause an opponent to become temporarily blinded. Using
this Gift in a formal due oragainst an honorable opponent

results,in loss of Renown, Oo Hakken reserve this power for
use againsnenemies yf the Emerald Mother. This Gift comes
from a raven-spirit.

System: The Hakken Spills a vial of ink; the player
spends one Gnosis nd rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge,
resistéd by the target's ‘ (if any). Each success blinds

e Living Treasure (Levél Four) —- A Hakken can
convince the spirit of a treasure in his possession to relate its
history and lore..An ancestor-spirit imparts this Gift.

System: The Hakken touches the object; the player
rolls Manipulation + Etiquette (difficulty 7). Each success
causes the spirit co reveal one fact about itself. Hakken may
use this Gifton common items as well, making ita useful tool
for investigations or problem solving. A Hakken may use
this Gift once per object.

* Divine Wind (Level Five) —— The Hakken can call
forth a powerful storm in a designated area. The storm uproots
trees and overturns cars in its fury. An ancestor-spirit or a
servant of Narukami, Lord of Thunder, teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Enigmas (difficulty
7) and spends a minimum of one Rage point. Each success
equals a one-mile radius for the storm. Each. Rage point

|


spent adds a success and, therefore, incréases the size of the
storm, which lasts for no more than one scene.
ar

Hakken make usé of most Garou rites, tending to favor
Rites of Punishment, Accord and Dearh. A rite unique to them
is the solemn Rite of Seppuku, used when a Hakken wishes to
restore lost honor to her clan after failing her dury or when she
wishes to join a deceased daimyo in death as a gift of supreme
loyalty. The Hakken earns posthumous Renown in the form of
five Honor and two Wisdom. If the daimyo lives, he must give
permission to the Hakken wishing to perform the rite.

SKE eOLG LLL

© Boli Zouhisze: Their claims to be the first tribe may
bé exaggerated. Their appreciation of technology supports
their ancient lineage. They provide us with a challenge we
are confident we can meet.

© Khan: Formidable warriors, they have an unshakeable
beliefin their own superiority. Sadly, they know little of true
perfection.

* Kitsune: Thoughsecretive, they are loyaland perceptive.

°¢ Kumo: Implacable enemies, they seek. to corrupt
beauty and destroy the balance. We have no mercy in our
hearts for them.

e-Nagah: How can they judge what they do not
understand?

* Nezumi: Masters of the art of Low War, they know
little ofhonorand less of perfection. Still, they have their uses.

° Same-Bito: They follow their own peculiar code of
honor, yet their fagade of civilization s¢ems thin. We respect
their devotion to protecting the seas of the Emerald Mother.

SSS nae es a ee EE ee

* Stargazers: They have finally made the long journey
from the barbaric West to the civilized lands of the Middle
Kingdom. This is a start, but they have yet to prove them-
selves worthy of our company.

* Tengu: They are not wartiors, but they excel in their
roles as scouts and messengers. We enjoy their zeal and their
willingness to serve.

« Zhong Lung: Their memories are long and prodigious.
They withhold their approval from us, which saddens us.

kRwore

Your prétty speech emphasizes "your beliéf in yourself.
Would you turn your words to action and cross blades so that we
may truly assess your worth?

Afar
Pert fore

The Khan are the only Bastet tribe represented in the
Beast Courts in-significant numbers. . Khan of the Courts
differ lictle from their cousins in most of their Traits, but
their emphasis on social responsibility differs: somewhat
from unattiliared Khan.

Khan of the Courts balance wisdom with strength, acting
as gatherers of the Adversary's secrets for use by the forces of the
Emerald Mother and as warriors in service to the Beast Courts.
‘They are the rarest of the Breeds among the Courts; although
mighty, they have lost many of.their nuriber from entering
boldly into combat while at the same time, their feline Kinfolk
population nears extinction. Nevertheless, the Khan exhibit
great pride in their identity and purpose, striving to live up to
their ideals as kings of beasts and men.


On AG OPRIE LF OPE
_TRe Khan" of the Mide te 5 aon. tend | to live "in

the Courts use the, B stet system of Besayn. :

The feline breed of Khan is nearly ex! inet, occasi nally
akhan willsneak into abr eeding facilityin Chin: : and breed
With captive tigers to maintain their connection to their
animal nature. Homid Khan, while slightly more numerous,
are notoriously picky about breeding partners, wishing to
mate with only the elite of human society. Occasionally two
Khan mate and produce a metis, who,- like most other
hengeyokai metis, spends her entire life within the Courts.

Coe ati ies

Asian Khan begir with three Gifts: one hengeyokai Gift,
one breed Gift and one Khan Gift as described in the Bastet
sourcebook or in Chaprer Two. The Khan use Rites of Purifi-
cation frequently, but their limited connection with the spirit
world prevents them from using mary rites used to ask the favor
of the spirits. They leave this to other hengeyokai to do.

* Boli Zouhisze: All we need are more wolves. At least
they remember they are wolves sometimes.

© Hakken: They have fallen far from their beast nature
yer they claim they are still warriors. They imitare humans
at their peril.

* Kitsune: They are ambitious in sécret and polite and
respectful in public. We don't trust the foxes.

© Kumo: They have too many failings to list; they reek
of the Centipede. We delight in their slaughter.

* Nagah: They work the will of the Emerald Mother,
though we regret they must stoop to poison so often.

© Nezumi: They run from us, but whether out of fear or
some-darker motive, we don't know... We must remember
they, too, have a purpose.

e Same-Bito: They are graceless and primitive, but
somehow, suited to the coming dark times.

190

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LEE Le E:T Oe. LY A A

© Stargazers: They are contemplative rather tharnaggreés-
sive more often than not, but they do seem worthy of alliance.

* Tengu: These gossips spend too much time talking
and not enough time on the bartlefield. They purport to
know tactics, bur rarely do chey put them to use.

* Zhong Lung: We regret that they do not practice the
way of war, for they would be formidable battle companions.
Their wisdom serves us all well.

voye
Heaven shakes. Earth cracks. The Wheel turns? And the
Khan will fight on.

hyo
Pee ctf IOP

Though similar to the Ananasi in many respects, the
Kumo differ in that the entire faction, a subdivision of their
original Breed, is devoted to the service of the Wyrm. Any
goblin spiders that serve the Emerald Mother are targeted by
their brethren. Like their Ananasi cousins, the Kumo possess
great intelligence arid wit and are often willing to parley with
the hengeyokai of the Beast Courts and other supernaturals.

Three main families, each devoted to one of the Wyrm's
aspects, dominate the Kumo:

* Marawa's Brood —~ These Kumo follow the De-
stroyer- Wyrm, tend toward Yin-aspected victims and prefer
the methods of straight-ahead killing and destruction. They
have the least subtlety of their kind.

* Children of Nareau — The Lord of Spiders exhibits
more balance than-most aspécts of the Wyrm; -éven so,
Kumo dedicaréd to Nareau possess a tremendous capacity
for cruelry and prolonged suffering along with an insatiable
curiosity and profound wisdom. They also claimsome knowl-
edge of the Weaver.

* Blessed of Rati —- Devoted to the Wyrm. of Lust;
Kumo of this family prefer Yang-aspected prey, retaining a
little of the Wyld within them. They have a highly devel-
oped appreciation for sexual behavior of all (and mostly
deviant) kinds.

The Kumo dwell throughout the Middle Kingdom,
preferring to lair in abandoned buildings, deserted caves or
forgorren ruins. While they co-exist with each other in
relative harmony, occasionally the rhree families succumb
to internecine rivalries and outright warfare.

Chyganttavior.

Although most Kumo prefer darkness and solitude, oth-
ers form small villages, complete with an elder, several younger
Kumo and their Kinfolk. These communities, usually well
hidden from casual visitors, are eerie and often fatal places for
the traveler unlucky enough to stumble upon them.

Kumo defer to age and wisdom, considering the eldest
Kamo ina groupas the current leader. Ifadisagreement about
leadership arises, both Kumo resort to the Endless Maze, a
deadly game in which young Kumo fill an abandoned building


or cave with complicated mazes for the rivals to negotiate
while hunting each other. The one who emerges alive earns
the right to call herself the leader of a given group.
Followers of Rati mate with anyone who catches their
eye, whether Kinfolk or not. In general, goblin spiders do not
concern themselves overmuch with selecting their mating
partners for special qualities. If pwo Kumo wish to mate, they
must receive permission from an elder, since the resulting
metis birth results in the death of the mother. This is consid-
ered a rare sacrifice to the Wyrm and is not undertaken lightly
or when the Kumo cannot afford the loss of an individual.
Most Kumo do not go out of their way to interact with
other shen, though occasionally they have some contacr

with the hengeyokai. Their insatiable curiosity leads shem" |

to Umbral exploration, where they encounter many spi
Though they seldom attack other supernaturals| on sight,
they are easily provoked when their foods sources: Or commu,
nities are threatened.

TFatte, $xrecnt arsD Fopsieg

Kumo differ slightly from their Anatas é Susi
following ways. Unlike Western werespiders, they

Renown purposes; instead, they earn rank and Renown as if
they were Ragabash Garou. Other hengeyokai do novrecog-
nize the Kumo's system of rank; they simply consi

as weak or powerful enemies, according each the respect
deserves. Kumo are especially vulnerable"to hong im
particularly rare and aromatic type of rosewood. Weapons
made from this wood cause unsoakable aggravateddamage.

Kumo have three breeds, homid, arachnid and metis,
unlike the Ananasi, who have no metis.
¢ Homid: Born from human parents, eithe: : >
non-Kinfolk, homid Kumo are watched by their werespid, r
parent and snatched before their metamorphosis,
Beginning Gnosis: 2
© Arachnid: Like the Ananasi spider-
Kumo feed on their sac-mates in order to gai

going Metamorphosis. They are rarer than their \
counterparts.

Beginning Gnosis: 4

* Metis: Born froma mating between two Kumoiiwhiche __

the mother dies giving birth — eaten from within by her
child metis Kumo are rare and auspicious, generallyvar-
ranged for by special permission with full knowledge.of the

consequences. Metis Kumo are considered fayvéred, since so |

much was sacrificed to bring them into the world?

Beginning Gnosis: 5

Less disciplined than the Ananasi, all Kumo have a
beginning Willpower of 2, regardless of breed.

Kumo have forms that are identical to the Ananasi,
though they substitute the name Aghora for Pithus and
Thousand Fang for Crawlerling. See the section on the
Ananasi for form statistics and characteristics.

See nee ers en re cee PE Ss me

"lack |
aspects. They do not follow the Way of Emerald Virtue for) __

orn, grochs id
nenough bulk : :
to flesh out their Aghora, or giant-spider form before upder

CHF
Kumo begin play with three Gifts: one breed Gift, one
Ragabash Gift and one general Kumo Gift. In addition,
Kumo may learn general Ananasi Gifts as well as Aspect
Gifts as appropriate for their family and function. Marawa's
Brood may learn Harar Gifts; Children of Nareau may learn
Tenere Gifts; and Blessed of Rati may learn Kumoti Gifts.
Warriors may learn the Myrmidon Gifts appropriate for
their faction, sorcerers may learn the Viskr Gifts, and
tricksters or scouts may learn the Gifts of the Wyrsta.

: _Numblefiess (Level One) —~ The Kumo may make
xtraordinary ps and jumps. This Gift is taught by a flea-spirit.
System: Line player spends a Gnosis point to add two

pe. Each success allows the Kumo to appear to

: be wo feet away from her current location. Ap yone who

may spit digestive fluids at an enemy in unarmed combat. A
spirit of Marawa teaches this Gift.

stem: The playerspends a blood point to activate the
juices, and makes a Dexterity + Brawl roll (diffi-
to strike a target within 30 feet. The damage is equal

Manipulation. = Occult (difficulty 7). Each success raises the

Kaumo's Appearance by one point for the next three hours.

eb Tremors (Level Four) —- The Kumo can know
fany ne is watching or stalking her, either in the physical
realm or in the Mifror Lands, by concentrating on the spirit
webs around then. A. servant of Marawa bestows this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and makes a
Pereeption + Alertness roll (difficulty 7). Two successes
iform the Kumo of anyone lurking about nearby (although
those using supernatural abilities to hide themselves may
resist the roll with Gnosis or Manipulation + Srealth,
whichever is higher). More successes add specific informa-
tion about rhe nature of the intruders.

* Elder Wisdom (Level Five) — This Gift enables the
Kumotocommunedirectly with her family's patron. If Marawa,
Nareau or Rati are in a bad mood, they may take out their
displeasure at being summoned on the Kumo. Otherwise, they

Chapter Four: The Beast Courts 191

RY


may offer advice or information useful to the usér of the Gift. A
servant of any of the three patrons teaches this Gift.

System: The Kumo must make appropriate ceremonial
actions and proffer chiminage of some sort before spending
one point each of Gnosis and Willpower. The player rolls
Charisma + Primal Urge (difficulty 7) and must attain three
successes for the Gift to succeed. A botch means that the
summoner has aroused the ire of the desired patron.
fer

The Kumo have their own variations on Mystié and
Renown Rites as‘well as rites to honor their family patrons.
Rumor credits them with-originating thie Rite of the Goblin

Chrysalis, afoul Level Five rite that trarisforms a person into
a bakemono.

* Boli Zouhisze: Like the Hakken,; onk
bed Hakken: The Mose traditiona

ferocious nobility; they ar
tunately, they will soon b
* Kitsune: Too clev

° Nezumi: They hav :
ignorance. Perhaps we should openly ¢
ration for the Age to come.
« Same-Bito: They pretend to ¢i
they have secrets we need to uncover
* Stargazérs: They should have stayed jr
Now they slink to the Middle Kingdora to lick th
Pitiful.
* Tengu: As different from. SAS: day q
prefer things of the dark; they Gnjoy the bright objects thac
glisten in the sun: Their wings distarice them from us. They
would be interesting to examine...
* Zhong Lung: Formidable adversaries worthy of the
utmest respect and caution. Pray you never come to their
attention.

kwore

We; too, claim the Middle Kingdorn as our rightfulhome.You
ignore us at your peril, for you do not see the importance of what
we do. Someday, you will and you will regret your disdain for us.

Lhavityor

The Nagah serve as judges and enforcers for the Beast
Courts and their abilities reflect their duties. The ultimate
Balancers of the Emerald Mother, they tend to remain outside
the mainstream of Court society, ever watchful for times when

192

OTe pretentic ious

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE LE TTT LL LE A

they musrintervene: They make cerrain that the Maridates are
upheld when the Courts fail in their duty to do so.

Most hengeyokai do not speak openly of the Nagah,
referring to them by oblique sobriquets such as "the shadows
that lengthen," or "the awakening silence." Théy rarely join
sentai, preferring to serve the Emerald Mother in the shad-
ows. When they do, they are compliant, ifsomewhat sinister,
companions, fulfilling their chosen auspice (usually Leaf or
Pillar) with quiet dedication. The other hengeyokai are aware
that the Nagah attempt to conceal their presence from the
Sunset People, and keep that secret alongside the Nagah —~
presuming not to instruct their cousins in their rask.

Nagah excel at killing, considering it another art to be
mastered etfection: It is, after all,-part of their duty,

| ; ae hengeyokai Breeds had
rooted itself in thosé wh heir judges. The Nagah of

the Courts are still reco

, Rather, th
maintain their o

when henescary. They have ‘risked much to expose them-
selves to the Courts ar all; their Western brethren remain

Kingdom do not differ signifi-
shave the same Traits, vulner-
stern. Nagah. Nagah serving

willingly rake Gn Beast Court auspices and 4 acquire Renown as
necessary to fit in with their Court duties. In all chings; Nagah
bow to necessiry and the need to be inconspicuous.

CE and Ager

Nagah of che Beast Courts use the same Gifts as West-
ern Nagah. Wereserpents who follow the Way of Emerald
Virtue begin with three Gifts: one Nagah Gift, one breed
Gift and one hengeyokai Gift. All Gifts are taught by the
Wani,-or spirit-servants of the dormant Dragon Princes,
who are the only spirits who have congress with the Nagah.
AL Nagah share the same rites as well.

SFP COLYLEL

* Boli Zouhisze: More wolves enamored of humans.
We watch them more carefully than they know.

* Hakken: They, like the humans they mirror, are
caught in the Weaver's strands and have all but forgorren


their duties: We may need to shear away their ties, however
unpleasant the results.

© Khan: Full of pride and eager for blood, they sow the
seeds of their own destruction. Will their demise bring on
the Sixth Age? We wait.

© Kitsune: Their slyness makes them difficult to judge,
yet we do our best. They confuse us, though we are older
than they by far.

* Kumo: They are not of us, and not ours to judge; we
slay therm only when it is war.. Until then, we allow them to
exist, but we do not pretend to like it.

° Nezumi: They, like us, pass judgment of a sort, but
their concerns are often petty and less rhan noble.

* Same-Bito: Children of the Sea, they have sOome-
thingin common with us in their deyouldi eu they
know so little of grace and beg /

1 careful.
hold the risk of betrayal;

coming to us, but we cannot b

* Tengu: Their loose tongu
if we wish to remain. as hidden
coming to their attention:

and sacrificed much t to attain their wi dom and knowledge.
We honor them and the Sleeping Lords they serve.

Nectites?l

Mother as Her control over the bomen population. In the
Second and Third Ages, the wererats Uséd diséase and
famine to ensure that humans di

Nezumi still worked to maintain the balance, a concepe

understood by the hengeyokai even as their western kin, the ©

Ratkin, suffered for their part in population culling.

While the Hakken mastered the art of High War, rhe
Nezumi developed a very different kind of warfare — called
Low War. When the way of honorable war failed or one side
broke the rules, rhe Nezumi moved in and evened the odds
with their own arsenal of dirty tricks.

Nezumi have customarily made their homes among the
shims of Asia's largest cities. Here they can concentrate on
increasing their numbers while at the same time keeping
watch over the steadily increasing human population. Eager
to continue their task of balancing the populations and
preventing overcrowding of the Emerald Mother's lands,
they have already begun waging Low War against humans.
Today, they have augmented their repertoire with bio-
chemical and other high-tech weapons of mass destruction.

ee

: crowded citi

; t bécome too Tuumer-)
ous. When the Impergium ended during the Fourth Age, the

Chapter Four: The Beast Courts

They hold themselves .in  readiriess -should -rhe -orher
hengeyokai fail in their assigned tasks.

ee

WNezurni dwell in nests, communal groups united under
a leader (often called sifu or sensei), the eldest among them.
‘This wise one reaches the younger Nezumi what they need
to know: how to live in cooperation with other nests, how
to manipulate the human population around them, how to
wage war with subtlety, how to assassinate enemies and
other important information.

The children of Rat are a close-knit group; the Asian
wererats consider their Western brethren part of the same
huge family. Like the Ratkin, the Nezumi refer to each orher
as sisters and brothers, aunts and uncles. rodens Nezumi are
more numerous th. ir homid kin, because they are less
noticeable a ‘ er to hide.

As Nezumi gro a importance, they gain up to three
names: their human | name, their gang name and their court
name. Thus, Ping Run, a noted Seer, calls himself Eye of
Dawn- He also has court mame made up of a specific
unds, translated into' common

many "other  daneck of growing up in the squalor of over-

me advantages as Ratkin: highly
slute sense of direction when un-

developed senses, an

: derground and superb night-vision i in all their forms. Nezumi
who suryvi :

tof life choose an auspice, usually
gon during the Birthing Plague.

heir first,

"ern Rarkin; they. are ‘simply called the Tunnel Runners,

Seers (Shadow Seers), Skulkers (Knife Skulkers) and War-
riors (Blade Slaves). Nezumi gain Renown according to the
chart for their sentai auspice: Seers attain rank as Mirrors;
Skulkers rise in rank as Lanterns; Warriors increase their
rank as Fists; Tunnel Rutineérs gain rank as Leaves.

Nezurnistart with three Gifts: one breed Gift, one Nezumi
Gift and one comrnon hengeyokai Gift..In addition, Nezumi
can learn. Western Ratkin Gifts provided they can find a
teacher. -(With some work and chiminage, Ratkin can also
learn Nezurni Gifts from friendly spirits or a tolerant sensei.)

* Hunter in Crowds (Level One) -—— The Nezumi can
sense the presence of another shapeshifter in a large group
of people. A dog-spirit teaches this Gift.

193

— A EY EN


System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Perception + Stealth (difficulty of the other shapeshifrer's
Stealth + 4).

© Raiding the- Umbral Hoard (Level One) — A
Nezumi may summon-rat-spirits im-order cto. steal small
amounts of hidden food and carry it through the Umbra ro
another location no more than a‘mile away. An alternate
version of this Gift enables the spirits to spoil caches of food.
A. rat-spiric teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Wits+ Survival. Arodenscan acquire afew handfuls; ahomid
can take a few pounds; a metis can move up ro ten pounds of
food. By spending Rage instead of Gnosis, the Nezumi can
spoil as much food as he could otherwise spirit away.

« Cloak of Darkest Night .(Level Two) —~ The
Nezumi calls upon her totem to aid a rodens-swarm ‘or a
homid-pack on a mission, extinguishing light sources along
their rource and making other darkness-related Gifts easier.

System: The player must spend three Gnosis points
and roll Intelligence + Stealth to invoke this Gift indoors or
underground. Stealth rolls for Stealth or Subterfuge related
Gifts receive a-1 to their difficulty. By spending five points
of Gnosis, the Nezumican cause aclear daytime sky ta cloud
over, achieving the same results. The Gift lasts for one
minute per success.

e Keening of Swarm Panic (Level Three) —~ The
Nezumi may cause a group of at least 50-GO humans to grow
uneasy and even panic by making a high-pitched wail. The
affected crowd may become violent if they arrempt to flee.
Other supernaturals are immune, but may become caught up
in the crowd. A fear-spiric teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a point 6f Gnosis and makes
a Charisma + Rituals roll (difficulty 7). Three successes
cause a crowd to go for a selected exit. Four successes arouse
the crowd to panic surges, causing amyone not part of the
crowd who gets caught in the surge ro take one health level
of bashing damage (difficulty 8 to soak). Five successes cause
the crowd to bolt. Anyone caught in:the mob must roll
Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 8) or be trampled, raking
two health levels of bashing damage for each turn until he
can regain his feet (difficulty 9 to soak). The Gift lasts for ten
minutes per success.

° Gnaw (Level Four) —- As the lupus Gifc.

© Snake Bites Itself (Level Five) ~~ A Nezumi may
touch an opponent and cause their poisons to turn upon
them..Thus, Kuei-jin fall prey to their Yin-poisons, Kuimo
suffer from their own venom and bakemono are affected by
their own toxins.

System: The Nezumi touches her victim, the player
spends a Gnosis point and rolls Wits + Medicine (difficulty
of the target's: Willpower). If successful, the victim suffers
the full effects of the standard dose of any poisons, toxins or
other harmful powers he normally uses against others, even.
if mormally immune. This Gift does not affect spirits.
Aes

Nezumi use most rites available to Garou. They enjoy
ritual and perform their mystic rites with a-great deal of

reverence. Because they treat the spirits with such honor,
they respond in kind and favor the Nezurni.

i


AMPEPEOLY EEL

* Boli Zouhisze: They might learn the importance of
Low War where the Hakken cannot.

* Hakken: Their "honor" gets in .the way of their
ability to put victory first. Their weakness will be their
undoing.

e Khan: Self-aggratidizing and deluded in their belief
that they are superior, they are like pitiful kittens when lured
into a swarm's territory.

« Kitsune: Clever they may be, but they do not realize how
sérious the times have become. They will learn the hard way.

e Kumo: Like us? Pfah. We fight these bloated baby
centipedes wherever we find them.

© Nagah: They distrust us more thari the Khan ard
watch us closely, ready to blame us for the least litelé thing.
Ler them come into our territory and-see, who's the better
enforcer.

* Same-Bito: These berserkerg have Li tele in common
with-us. We avoid them and their sham civility.

* Stargazers: Their heads stay in the clowds,
feet have to walk in the back alleys sometime. Ifthe
look where they're going, we ¥

* Tengu: Good thieves; but they spend too much time
in the open air. Sewers are better by far.

* Zhong Lung: They know w
speak against it. Does this make them

RKoore

2

Wheel turns and the darkness nears,

Site €LIO
Peres

The Same-Bito, or Asian wetesharks; differ consider-

we will rise €0 the occasion.

ably from their Western cousins, the okea, primarily. in the :

underpinnings of their society..Same-Bito have embraced
the Beast Courts and now folle
Rokea.

In distant ages; their legendary hero, Mizuchi, listened
to the teachings of the Dragon Lords, who gave him new
insight.on how the Children of the Sea should conduct
themselves. Mizuchireturned to the Same-Bito and brought
them a new code of behavior, the Code of Sensei Mizuchi,
simpler than the Hakken's Way of the Warrior but just as
essential to the wereshark's way of life. The literal-minded
weresharks of Asia follow this code to the letter, not needing
or desiring much interpretation or explication.

Attend the elders; you owe them all.

Respect tribe members, and they honor you in return.

Dishonor is a mark of lower beings.
Battle is always honorable.
If you are alive,.you are still learning.

Protect territory that' Tiandi and the Dragon Kings have
given to you.

Sa eee act Yom err cS i ss

ooorcarmot disco
but their _establishing comer unication ‘with his Same-Bito children.

don't

rat is to come: and willnotr |

We fight in the hidden places andi in 1 the dark times. As the .

a different path from the

CAapter Four: The Beast Courts

—— LP A II

‘The Same-Bito serve Tiandi, che Lord of Thunder and
the patron of their teachers, the Dragon Kings. They take
fierce pride in proving to all concerned that rhey are no
longer the primitive killing machines they once were (and
that their Rokea cousins still are). The weresharks have
adopted many of the traditions and customs of their land-
dwelling allies ‘in the Beast Courts, though they find the
internal politics of the hengeyokai boring and unintelli-
gible. They care little for protecting the lands of the Emerald
Mother, but they devote themselves utterly to the safety of
Her seas and defend them from any who do not belong there
oer who do not treat the oceans with reverence.

In secret, however, a movement stirs among the Same-
Biro ro return to the practice of honoring Teanoi, the Great
Shark Spiric. Teanoi has responded by giving some ofhis Gifts
to the Same-Bito, who guard the knowledge of these Gifts
with their live: The inability of Same-Bito (with one excep-
tion mentioned below) to enter the Umbra without the use of
certain Gifts (see General Hengeyokai Gifts) means that they
ftheniselves Teanoi's purpose behind re-

Somexbelieve thar Teanoi seeks to reunite the Same-Bito
with their Western kin, the Rokea; others feel that the Great
Shark Spirit is voicing His approval of the Same-Bito's current

epath among the Beast Cour ts.

2 eget te tPEOr

Same-Bito ténd ta congrégate in slews that number 3-
12 members. Sitiilar to a Garou pack, slews function as a
unit in prorecting the seas. Unlike the Rokea, who do not
care for human Kinfolk oraccept homid weresharks, Same-
Bito have afew Kinfolk among the populations rhat live in
the islands a ‘along the coastal waters of Asia. Most of
their Kinfolk, dhowevert, are made up of the various shark
breeds of the Asian seas.

"Same-Bito also belong to families or factions called
habatsu, similar to the Idakken clans. Leadership within
each faction is decided through-trial by combat. A two-part
process, one part takes place on land, the other inthe water.
Three judges witness the trial, adjudicate disputes and
proclaim the victor. The loser usually suffers loss of face and
endures the insults of his peers.

The weresharks that most often become leaders among
the Same-Bito are not the strongest warriors. Rather, the
smaller "goblin sharks" have ascended to the ranks of Sarme-
Bito nobility. These sharks' abiliry to enter the LImbra by
stepping sideways gives them status as masters of the spirit
world and, as such, worthy of respect and honor.

FPatt, Fxvaadt ited Fpricg

Same-Biro differ from the Rokea in some significant
ways, reflected in their lowered starting Rage scores and in
their attitudes toward their homid kin and Kinfolk, among
other factors.

Like Rokea, Same-Bito have three auspices, which
ceérrespond roughly with those of Western weresharks.

195


©. Karui:~Borri during the -day;~Karui serve as -the
warriors of the Same-Bito. They réceive Gifts as if they were
Brightwater Rokea.

Beginning Rage: 4

® Koshuku: These Same-Bito were born at dawn or
dusk. They serve as judges and enforcers of the Code of
Sensei Mizuchi. Koshuku receive Gifts as Dimwater Rokea.

Beginning Rage: 3

® Ironoe: Born in the night hours, the Itono are charged
with séeking the mysteries of the oceans, they also serve as
questioners of traditions. They receive Gifts as Darkwater Rokea.

Beginning Rage: 2

Same-Bito all begin play with Willpower 4. They may
only gain Gnosis while in water. Like the Rokea; Same- Bito
cannot enter the Umbra without the aid of cer
Kagesame, or "goblin shark," is an except
descended frorn this species of small, horn :
sideways as easily as Garou can. Samé-
may purchase human Kinfolk asa Beckeround atac
points per dot. They may not purchase Ance
Breed and their Contacts usually consist only:

tion of ty two breeds. acknowledgin
born Same-Bito. Beginning Gn
most Sarme-Bito, except Kages
since they carnnot use it to steps

* Rongo: Homid Same-Bito
tween a wereshark anda human alwa:
than a Same-Bito. In order to }
producing a wereshark, a Same
Rongo Same-Bito are protected
certain they do not fall prey tothe Rokea'slhuntsfor" be
Before their First Change, rongo-find themselves d
sea. They may learn Gifts from the hy

Gnosis: 1

* Tangaroa: Shark-born S » CC ‘0 :
mating between a Same-Bito! and a shark, regardless .o
whether or not the shark is Kinfolk. Tradition prevents an
overabundance of tangaroa Same-Bito by dictating that
Same-Bito mate only twice in a century... They may learn
Gifts from the lupus Garou list.

Gnosis: 3

The Same-Bito have five forms, similar to those of the
Rokea except for the mames: Kabina' (Homid), Tsufu
(Glabrus), Karvu (Gladius), Warui (Chasmus) and Watasami
(Squamus). Same-Bito use the samme form statistics as Rokea.
Le

Same-Bito begin ‘play with three Gifts: one breed (use
homid for rongo ‘and lupus for tangaroa), one auspice and one
general Same-Bito Gift. Weresharks with the Courts learn a
hengeyokai Gift in place oftheir beginning auspice Gift. Same-
Bito use discretion when activating Gifts taught by Teanoi,
avoiding public use of these powers. The following Gifts are
common to the Same-Bito, as are most general Rokea Gifts.

196

Players Guide fo the Cha

LE LL Ps LT PT LE A

@ Shou of Zhong Lung (Level Oné) —— The Same-Bito
may acquire some knowledge or advice from their Zhong
Lung allies. A Frog-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Expression:
"Two successes sends a message through the Umbra to the
nearest Zhong Lung, who may take some timé to reply but
always responds eventually (usually within one game ses-
sion). The Gift brings the message back to the Rokea. This
Gift may be used more than once per story, but it tends to
offend Zhong Lung if used frequently.

* Blood Scent (Level One) —- The Same-Bito can
sénse the presence of hengeyokai-or other shen. A shark-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Percep Primal Urge (difficulty 7). Two successes lets
rc ow ifthe target is shen, though the Gift does
type of supernatural.
hout Sight (Level Two)-— The Same-Bito
ectromagnetic signals to see even when
uid-spirit teaches this Gift.
ds a point of Gnosis and rolls
reness.. Success allows the Same-Bito to

bjects within a 15' radius. The Gift does
give fine detai Ss, Only, general shapes.
» Iron Jaws' ( Three) — As the Level Four
Ahroun Gift: Clenched Jaw.

. Voracious Hunger (Level Three) — The Same-
Bito can increase the Size and strength of his mouth and j jaws

not identify ©
* Sight

makes -us.

Perception + ,

orks in water.
player spends a point of Rage to reduce his

form, the Same-
Teanoi teaches this G

System: The player spends a Willpower point and rolls
Stamina + Primal Urge. Three successes means thar the
Same-Bito doubles in sizé for one hour. Each additional
success adds an additional hour. The wereshark gains +2 to
Strength and two more Bruised Health Levels.

¢ Teanoi's Rage (Level Five) —- Kept secret by the
Same-Bito, this Gift causes the wereshark to enter an unstop-
pable blood-rage. One of Teanoi's servants teaches this Gift.

System: The wereshark petitions Teanoi ;the player
rolls Willpower (difficulty 7). Three successes gives the
Same-Bito three additional points of Rage, causes her to
recover two Rage points each combat turn and increases by
two dice her damage dice pools. The Gift lasts for one scene.

Ae
Sameé-Bito do nét perform their rites' iri the Umbra,
preferring the waters of the Morher's Sea for their most

sacred ceremonies. They conduct Rites of Accord, Punish-
ment and Renown most often. The weresharks also perform

ay double his size. A servant-spitit of

nging Breeds

=|


new year's rites in honor of Tiandi and the Dragon Lords.
Some also hold secret ceremonies to honor Teanoi.

SF COLY LCL

¢ Boli Zouhisze: We see little of them except when
they come to us. Little is enough.

* Hakken: Their sensei was not as wise as ours, or
perhaps he was too fond of his human. form.

* Khan: They have as much care for water as we for
deserts and jungle. They have little effect on us.

* Kitsune: They may outthink us, but we have the
wisdom of the ocean around us. Who is wiser?

¢ Kumo: We rarely see them, though some have tried
to make us their allies. We have no use for them.

e Nagah: They exist. We say nothing more.

¢ Nezumi: Our patrons, the Zhong Lung, are more
tolerant of these vermin than we are. They are welcome to
stay away from our Oceans.

¢ Stargazers: They look to the stars, ‘but. the.
could teach them more.

¢ Tengu: The sky is their oceans we «have nothil 1S arid:
everything in common. 5 ee

¢ Zhong Lung: We owe much to our teachers. ‘We pay
our debts. :

Qyere

These are not your waters. You are a stranger Hore and should E

remain so — unless you prefer to mix your life-blogil with the ocean.

Sarge
Phycrs

The a like their Western cousins the Core, find.

human society, culture customs and mores intriguing. Given
the task of uncovering secrets and dispensing information by the
Emerald Mother, they throw themselves wholeheartedly into
their duties, even exceeding the bounds of propriety at times —
at least according to other hengeyokai. Only the Hakken
challenge them for familiarity with the world of humans, but
even they do not pry into humanity's dark corners and private
places. The Tengu recognize no bit of knowledge as off limits.
Eastern wereravens serve as scouts, messengers and
information gatherers for the Beast Courts. Not only does
their curiosity make them excellent at uncovering juicy bits
of knowledge, their penchant for gossip leads them to share
their information with others. They exercise some prudence
over their tongues, however, telling their most important
secrets only to other hengeyokai. Minor gossip is often
traded with other supernaturals and, rarely, with humans.
In addition to sharing information, the Tengu are also
experts at selective disinformation —— passing along myths and
superstitions to humans as fact. In the past, such misleading and
outright bogus knowledge served to protect the hengeyokai
from hunters, who, armed with improper weapons based on
what they had "discovered" about the weaknesses of certain
supernatural creatures, had little success in bringing down their

SS

* Clouds Temple.

».ers," Come to their.tas

quarry. The existence of widespread access to information —
and misinformation —— of all sorts in the modern world has
somewhat negated the Tengu's ability to control access to
sensitive information. However, although information is easy
to come by, truth is still hard to find.
Cea ttaprore

Tengu tend to live alone, congregating occasionally for
group meetings in which they enjoy each other's company
and share information. If necessary, Tengu agree to join
sentai; though they do not always enjoy remaining in such
close company for extended periods of time, they perform
their duties loyally and enthusiastically. Tengu also act as
advisors to the various courts, since their ability to acquire
information puts any court lucky enough to havea wereraven
counselor at a distinct advantage.
Tengu society is relatively egalitarian, without auspices
mks. Those who serve the Beast Courts adhere to the
rank' system espoused by the Way of Emerald Virtue. If they
belongté asenrai, they take on the auspice assigned tothem,
usually that of Leaf. Otherwise, they gain rank as Courtiers.

ispures between Tengu are usually settled through

ettle Ho thes — usually without the cmowledge of the
ances Selecting the winner of a kickboxing match or

They , specialize in abelucting humans and
down non-hengeyokai shen as well as
hese humans, known as "goblin-slay-
owith a fair amount of knowledge about

the creatures they have been trained to uncover and destroy.

SFiatte, Fz-c0cd? ane Forrar

Tengu share many traits _in common with Western
Corax, such as their vulnerabiliry.to gold rather than silver.
They have a loose system of Renown based on the Mirror's
path among themselves, valuing Wisdom most of all. Even
when serving in asentai and following another auspice's path
(such as Courtier), they still arcempt to gain as much Wisdom
Renown as possible, citing the First Mandate as justification
for deviations from the auspice's primary Renown category.

training:cheni to
Kunio or bakemonoe

Tengu may select any Background except Pure Breed.
They enjoy Raven as their totem unless they join a sentai,
in which case they honor their sentai's totem as their own.

All Tengu begin with 1 Rage, 6 Gnosis and3 Willpower.

Tengu begin with three Gifts, one each from breed,
Tengu and common hengeyokai Gifts. Even wereravens not
associated with the Courts may learn the Tengu Gifts, just
as Tengu may select from standard Corax Gifts.

«© Crane's Wisdom (Level One) — As the Philodox
Gift: Truth of Gaia.

CAapter Four: The Beast Courts 197

— ———— A ST A TNE TIN

|
L

e Sweet Words (Level One) — As the homid Gift:
Persuasion.

« Courtly Speech (Level Two) — As the common
henigeyokai Gift.

© Shoulder Cracker (Level Two) —- Named after the
Chinese method of fortunetelling called scapulimancy, this Gift
enables the Tengu to predict the furure through reading portents
of various kinds. Using this Gift too often, however, leads to
misinterpretation and paranoia. A Srormcrow teaches this Gift.

System: The Tengu focuses for a minute; the player
rolls Wits + Occult to notice and interpret an omen in her
surroundings. The omen is usually cryptic.

* Yoshitsune's Sword (Level Three) —— The Tengu
may use this Gift to increase dramatically a companion's or
sentai mate's skill with a melee weapon. An ancestor-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The Tengu touches the target's fighting arm
and rolls Wits + Melee (difficulty 5) Success,allows the
wereraven to spend Gnosis points to increase the target' Ss
Melee dice pool by one die per point spent for one scene.

© Bloody Feather (Level Three) — This is the Tengu

name for the Corax Gift: Hummingbud Dart:

© Bloody Feather Storm (Level Four) — The Gift -
feathers to rain down.on €veryone |
beneath him, creating a deadly razor-storm that damages __
foes and friends alike. Used as a last resort, this Gite i is taught :
by a monsoon or hurricane-spirit.

causés the Tengu's

System: The Tengu must be in the air dnd ‘spend. three
Ghosis and two Rage as his only action' for the turn. The
feather storm-catises Dexterity + 4 dice of lethal damage to

a 15' square area. Those caught in the storm must gain threes
successes ora Dexterity + Dodge roll (difficulty 8) to avoid |

damage. If the Tengu uses the Gift: Razor Fearhers before-
hand, the damage is aggravated.

* Deceptive Demise (Level Five) — Used to fakea death
arid fool her enemies, the Tengu disappears ina feathery cloud,

but no body.' This Gift, taught by afox-spirit, enables the Tengu
to escape while her foes are distracted.

System: The Tengu spends one Griosis point and gives
up one health level .to create the blood or ashes left behind
(unless she has already. lost enough blood to die from
another wound, in which case she's already leaving plenty of
blood behind). When the Gift is activated, the Tengu
immediately steps into the Mirror Lands in whatever form
she chooses, either staying to watch the results of her
charade or escaping through the Umbra.

* Thieving Talons of the Magpie (Level Five) —~As
the Ragabash Gift.

et

Tengu use few rites as a rule other than the Rire of Talisman
Dedication, used to keep favorite items with them regardless of
form. They also favor the Rite of Becoming and enjoy acting as
riternaster for the Courts' less strenuous Rites of Punishment, such

198

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LEE OT IT LT A

as the Stone of Scérn and the Sarcasm Rite (for which they are
superbly well-suired). The Corax Rite of the Fetish Egg (pe. XX)
is another must-have, as it is rhe only way to continue their race.

© Boli Zouhisze: They need to move closér to the
Courts to accomplish their goals. They serve the Emerald
Mother even when apart from Her.

* Hakken: We agree with therm in many ways: humans
aré worth watching, learning from, and, perhaps, reaching.
The price these wolves have paid is high, but the reward is
endless fascination.

* Khan — Better than the other cats, if youcan overlook
their compulsive pride, they make loyal companions.

* Kitsune: They preen as if rhéey were the chosen of rhe
Emerald Mother... They work hard at appearances, but they
are Overindulgent children.

|e Kumo: They seek to halt the Wheel, 1 fear. Their

< webs are.strong, but with fortune and the Mother, we shall

break their hold.'~

* Nagah: They judge orhers. We watch them. They
resent ity but who can trust them to judge themselves?

* Nezumi: Their secret plans are dark and devious, but

| sweohave discovered more than they think. Yet we cannot
_tell.all that' we know, lest we interfere with the First

Mandate and their assigned task.
; « Same-Bito: So alien to us,.with their ignorance of the
dand and devotion towater only. We love the air, but that does

not stop us from caring for the earth. They do their job well,

though, so we do not voice our complaints in their hearing.
_oq© Staregazets: They look to the stars for guidance. We

") can understaid their fascination. They may be worth culti-

vating for the stories they know about the Sunset People.

* Zhong Lung: Their knowledge of what has gone before
astounds us. We learn from them and, in return, we give them
word of what goes on ‘today. It is a good arrangement.

Rvore

Don't listén to the courts: There's so much more té thé world
thar just the Middle Kingdom: Things come fram the West all the
time; sometimes people are worse off for accepting them, and
sometimes people are worse off for rejecting them. Our duties are
here, but our hearts are not blind.

LZLCHG A 71g
Leet tfrore
Charged by the Emerald Mother to hold Her memories
and ‘keep the history of the world, the Zhong Lung have
exercised their dury fairhfully since the time of the Age of
Beauty. The Zhong Lung consider themselves the eldest of the
hengeyokai and leaders in the search for balance and purity of
thought. As children of the great Dragon Kings, they believe
themselves the inheritors of the legacy of those fiercely wise and
terrible creatures. This connection with the Dragon Kings has
led them to honor the Sun, rather than the moon:

|


Though they have some similarities to other Mokolé, the
Zhong Lung are in sormne ways the strangest divergence of the
Dragon: Breed. Both dream their war-forms by envisioning
images from their ancient past, but where the Mokolé hearken
back to their ancestors, the great dinosaurs of Prehistoric times,
the Zhong Lung return in time tothe age of the Dragon Princes
themselves and draw their war-forms from. those legends:

Zhong Lung have mastered the art of chuming, or Sinner
knowing" and can see into the hearts of whomever they
meet. Many Zhong Lung have ateained Bréarae, evereby
hengeyokai standards, through Gifts that prolong their lives
and through the practice of Chineseanystical.disciplines..

So steeped in the ways of the past and in the memories

of the ages are the dragons that they lack a keen interest in |
current affairs and often demonstrate a naive simplicity in.
their understanding of modern times. [hough theypossess |

Rage and rouse to heights of passion when the Emerald
Mother's sacred places are threatened, they take little inter-
est in everyday concerns of human.
knowledge of the world around the

Zhong Ling have declined.
times. Homids outnumber dracos

along the Yangtze River while crocodiles can be found in
Malaysia and India. The Komodo dragon, another source of
Kinfolk for the Zhong Lung, live in Indonesia, while other
Zhong Lung live in Southeast: Asia and Hawai'i. Through all
their long lives, the goal of the Zhong Lung remains to

SSS seen eee a rere rece eee Os tl

socieryand have little |
numbers in moder
sificantly.. Most make _
their homes in China and Tibet. Alligator Kinfolk dwell .

contain and preserve the memories of the Emerald Mother
as the Wheel of the Ages makes its inevitable round.
OLeginteafiors

ag Male Zhong Lung (or k'tulung) tend to live alone; coming
together with others of their kind only to mate, confer, protect
their homes or attend to court matters. Female Zhong Lung (or
chilung), On dhé°erher hand, live a more social life, usually

_congregating in groups of three or four, called ching-tu, in order
‘to protect their young and any pregnant females. Female Zhong

Lune Kinfolk also form Ghing-tu under the leadership of anelder
chi'lung, known as "aunt" (atyi}. Zhong Lung, unlike Mokolé,
do not breed with partners not of their breed form.

THe gigi negotiates any Zhong Lung matings and over-
sees the courtship and mating rituals. Male Zhong Lung
impress prospective human mates with displays of storytelling
or other forins of wisdGin of lore. Homid k'iulung usually enter
into storytelling or artistic competitions; draco k' iulung more
efter resort to physical combat to first blood. Both breeds
enjoy 1iddle G6nitestsasameans of settling disputes. Though
both sexes and breeds go to war when necessary, they prefer
not to spill blood needlessly over mating practices.
| Male Zhong Lung spend as much time as they need to
with their mates before once again taking up their solitary
life. When the female gives-bith, the aiyi invites the father
to visit his child. or.children to pay respect to his mate and
greet his progeny. Zhong Lung Sai Chau (Theurges) often
introduce young Zhong Lung oryoung Kinfolk to the greater
world andthe philosophy of the Great Cycle of Being. These


mystical Zhong Lurg also guide the yourig ones on their first
journeys to the crossroads of the Yin and Yang dragon lines.

SF Patte, Freel cepa FOPaL

The Zhong Lung have four auspicés that, unlike most
Mokolé, follow the seasons rather than the solar phases.
Each auspice corresponds with a season, a color and a wind.
Each auspice also has a rough correspondence with a Garou
auspice for purpose of learning Gifts. Since all Zhong Lung
are considered lorekeepers, théy may learn Galliard Gifts
regardless of auspice.
Name (Garou Equivalent)
Tung Chun (Ahroun)

Season Wind ~ Color Starting Rage
Spring East Blue/Green - 4

Nam Hsia (Philodox) Summer South. Yellow 3
Sai Chau (Theurge) Autumn » West - White 2
Pei Tung (Ragabash) ~ Winter -- North - Black 1

Sai Chau focus primarily 6n the guardis
nests: When a Middle Dragon joins a m

ship of dragon
untain sentai, she

sun while they heal their wounds
their patron. They know the Dragon Tongue, as d
Mokolé kin, though their accent diffe considerably.
AU Zhong Lung begin with |
Rank within their breed as do G
auspice. For example; a Sai Chau wo
Theurge.. Those who serve the Beast Courts substitute the
rank and Renown system of the Way of Emerald Virtue"
Like their Mokolé cousins, Zhong Lung posses two breeds:
lhomid and draco (as suchid; they come from Chinese alligaror,
crocodile or Komodo dragon stock). Metis die at birth.
Zhong Lung have three forms: Homid, Archid and
Suchid. Both Zhong Lung and Mokolé dream their Archid
or war-forms during their Rite of Passage. Their Archid
forms most closely résemble the Eastern dragons of tradi-
tional lore, though sometimes they include dinosaur fea-
tures. Their statistics are as the Mokolé form statistics:

Zhong Lung begin play with three Gifts which may be
selected in any combination from the Zhong Lung Gifts,
from the appropriate Garou auspice or from Galliard Gitts
regardless of auspice. Middle Dragons who follow the Way
of Emerald Virtue may also choose from the general

200

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LEE Le Ts LT YS LL A

Deft CP a SOP LED

Use the rules in Chapter Two (pg. XX) for design-
ingacharacter's Archid form. Armor may take the form
of glistening scales, while horns may take the form of
gréat red antlers. In addition,.the following enhance-
ments are suitable for Zhong Lung.

e Fiery Peari:.+3 to Intimidate versus Kuei-jin,
Wyrm-creatures or superstitious individuals.

* Resplendent Crest: +3 ro Appearance and +1 to
Charisma in Archid form.

hengeyokai Gifts. Anicestor-spirits or servants of Tiandi or
Si Wang Mu teach many of these Gifts.

e Chiih Ming (Level One) -—— This Gift enables the Zhong
Lung to walk on air as if on land. A bird-spirit teaches this Gift.
System: The player rolls Stamina .+ Athletics and

spe ds a Gnosis point. This Gift does x not allow the Zhong

eaking: the Tomorrow Wail (Level Two) This

lows the Zhong Lung to See the future by burning a
ifit teaches this Gift.

a Gnosis point and rolls

tion + Enigmas. Each success s gives the Middle Dragon

i or fast about the near future.

The player spends a Willpower point and rolls
Strength .+ Intimidation to inflict one level of aggravated
damage per success on the target.

* Anger of the Wani (Level Four) —~Asthe Level Five
Wrendigo Gift: Invoke the Spirits of rhe Storm, but afrer-
wards the Zhong Lung falls into a sleep that lasts a full day,
dreaming his thanks to the Dragon Lords for use of the Gift.

* Harmony of the Soul (Level Four) —~ As the Children.
of Gaia Gift: Serenity, often used to keep peace at court when
"honored visitors" (problematic shen) attend a session.

* Sleep of Si Wang Mu-°(Level Four) — This Gift
enables the Zhong Lung to hibernate, adding yéars to his
life. A servant of Si Wang Mu teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a permanent point of Gnosis
and rolls Stamina + Enigmas (difficulry 7). Success allows the
character to sleep for one lunar month, adding 12 years to his life.

|


° A- Thousand Seéret Faces (Level Five) —— This Gift, a
closely guarded secret of the Middle Dragons, allows the Zhong
Lung to assume a nearly perfect illusion of any human of any age.
Supernatural Gifts or powers may penetrate the disguise at a
difficulty of 9 and anyone who attérmpts to do so must have a
reason tosuspect the illusion. An ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends ohne Willpower and one
Gnosis point and rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge (diffi-
culty 7). The Gift lasts for one day per success or until
cancelled by the Zhong Lung:

ier

The Middle Dragons love rituals and celebrate Rites of
Acéord and Mysticism regularly, along with other rites
similar to those of the Garou. They also honor the passage
of the seasons. The Rite of Nanfeng (south wind) celebrates
suimmer; the Rite of Mifeng (west wind) acknowledges
autumn; the Rite of Beifeng (north wind) celebrates winter;
and the Rite of Dongfeng (east wind) commemorates spring.
The Rite of Renewal celebrates the New Year. The Zhong
Lung seasonal rites employ colors, incense; dance, quests for
knowledge, poetry and other arts. The Middle Dragons also
perform Minor Rites to honor the Sun.

* Boli Zouhisze: So focused are they on the heré and
iow that they forget the past and the distant fucure. They
should honor the cycles.

* Hakken: They serve thé Mother well, chough they
are blind to the whole picture. We pity their oversight.

* Khan: Long ago, they wére our worthy adversaries,
noble yer hungry for blood and violence. They have re-
tained their combative spirit though they are now ourallies.

* Kitsune: The Emerald Mother may love Her young-
est for their cleverness and their trickery, but we are wary of
their comprehension of the truth.

* Kumo: They are trapped in their Gwn webs and are
under the power of the Centipede; still, chey have knowl-
edge that is useful and a place in the Great Cycle:

* Nagah: They judge, sometimes too harshly, but their
blood and the blood of their victims oils rhe Wheel.

* Nezumi: Clever and helpful, they repay kindness with
a thousand favors. Do not underestimate or discount therm.

* Same-Bito: Weshare much with them and have tried
ta.teach them all that we can. Still, some remain primitive
and brutal. They must learn to discipline themselves.

* Stargazers: They have come to the Middle Kingdori
seeking aid and knowledge. We will give thern both, but ask
loyalty in return.

* Tengu: They love finding and sharingsecrets and their
knowledge of tactics is formidable. They ally themselves with
the Hakken, which gives us some cause for concern.

Revove
The future is uncertain, but the past is clear. We do not know if
the Wheel will still be turning tomorrow —— we know only that it must.

ee ene ees an ence Ee Ss eee

Chapter Four: The Beast Courts

RS SS NT

is a sub-tribe (chough p
as such); the other a ven
demonstrated that the4
hengeyokai of the Beas
Garou. Though the Bo
rules as Glass Walkers
abilicies and Gifts, their:
placed therm apart from

LSE Lottie (Cb
Similar in many co:
ers, this splinter group I
~— though according
Glass Walkers a. lat
China forr mos of chs

o the Glass Walk-
aS old as its parent tribe
he root tribe and the
h-centered in

have an imp 51 t
Kong. The B
they have m:

choice as the minions of che Wren make their move on the
Mother of Peach Trees sept.

For more information 6n the Boli Zouhisze,..see
Tribebook: Glass Walkers.

Cveye

You didn't hear this fromt me, "but mest of the courts are stuck
in the Fourth Age..They don't so much as touch, eomputers, they
turn up their noses at.guns like to fight the Boxer
Rebellion all overagain, and they svire do hate that Western culture
is all over the place"A, espect for tradition is good, but you'd think
a d want to prepare. for the Sixth Age a a little better, no?

SLO GAEEL
The Strargazei

domi following the destruc
the Shigalu Monastery, in

recently returned to the Middle King-
£ ehicins most sacred caern,

Srargazers an alliatice and.

Now these: Western Garou who have always looked to
the East for guidance fin: emselves part of the Beast
Courts. They have a long toad tro walk as they séek to
understand the politics and beliefs of the hengeyokai while
still maintaining some relations with their friends and allies
in the Garou Nation. They have found the Way of Emerald

201


SS

Virtue compatible with théir tribal beliefs and seem to
thrive in their new life. Whether or nor they can provide a
bridge between the Middle Kingdom and che Sunset Lands
remains to be seen, though some believe that the fate of the
Wheel of the Ages rests in the actions taken by the Stargaz-
ers in the near future.

For more information on the current state of the Star-
gazers, see Tribebook: Stargazers.

RKwoxye

We heve had much to learn since we returned to' our
homelands; much to learn about our cousins and new allies. And
yet so much that we have had to learn are things that we have
known, within, all along. Our road has been painful, .but we
tread it willingly.

enere | tengey OK CUPL

Any hengeyokai associated with the Beast Courts and
pledged to the Way of Emerald Virtue may learn these Gifts
without restriction, except that they must qualify for each Gift
by rank. Orher hengeyokai, even ifthey do not serve the Courts,
may acquire these Gifts in return for service to the Courts.

* Create Element (Level One) —- As the metis Gift.

* Mindspeak (Level One) — As the Galliard Gift.
Hengeyokai use this with new arrivals at Court to provide
immediate communication.

* Sense Imbalance (Level Two) —— The hengeydkai
can sense if any one of the Triat has upset the balance ina

202 Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

OLE Ee EE LT TT A

given area. She kriows if the Weaver is too strong inva
particular place or if the Wyld is lacking somewhere..A spirit
servant of the Emerald Morher teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Perception + Occult, withthe .

difficulry dependent on the strength of the dominant force
in the area.

* Blaze Talons (Level Two) —— The hengeyokai can
cause his harids, paws or wings to burst into flame, adding
considerably to -his-damage im battle. This Gift -is also
impressive to see,-as the attacks leave flame trails behind
them. A flame-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Srrenegrh + Primal Urge. Each success causes the flames to
last for two curns.. The Gift adds one die to the damage roll
and causes flammable: materials to -burn.. Vampires may
frenzy. All damage caused by the strike is aggravated. Same-
Bito, Zhong Lung and Nagah must learn this as a Level
Three Gift due to their attunement to water.

* Courtly Speech (Level Two) —= This Gift enables a
hengeyokai to speak any of the Changing Breed languages
—— the strange animal tongues equivalent to the Garou High
Tongue as fluently as if it were his own. This does not give
knowledgé of writing nor does it affect human speech. A
Crane-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Charisima+ Linguistics (diffi-
culty 7). The Gift lasts for one scene.

* Waking Dream of Unity (Level Three) —— This Gift
seiids waking dreams into the minds ofa group of hengeyokai,

Ly


making Commuitiication easier than with the Gift: Mindspeak:

Most Gai'nan know this Gift and use it for communicating
with the whole court at once. A Chimerling or spiritcservant :

of the Ministers of Heaven teaches this Gift.)
System: The player spends one Willpower. point and

can place up to 30 individuals into silent comimunication.

Only those present at the time of the activation of the Gift
are included. Actions are possible at a one-die penalty. Even

unwilling individuals may be drawn into the waking dream)

if the Gift's activator makes a Manipulation + Expres

roll (difficulty of the target's Willpower). If the aiser of the:

Gift fails this roll, the dream terminates.

© Exorcism (Level Four) —~ -As-the Level pee

Theurge Gift. Hengeyokai use ‘this Gift to drive away
influences from the Yama Kings and cleanse-the courts of
their interference.

* Part the Wall ( Level Four) ——- This Gift allows
hengeyokai Breeds that cannot enter the Mirror Lands
normally to do so as easily as if they could do it maturally.

System: Any hengeyokai who learns this Gift perma-
nently gains the ability to step sideways as Garou do.

Pd engey OK Pager

Hengevyokai enjoy participating in rites and use them as
ceremonies thar bind rogether the many Breeds of the Beast
Courts in a common practice. Though hengeyokai usually
teach their rites to any shapechangers who a&k policely
(even Sunset People), they hold some apart for their own
use and teach them to no one outside the Beast Courts.

Re of Tev0orl

The Beast Courts have their own vérsions of the Rites

_of Contrition and Cleansing and teach them to as many
hengeyokai as they can. The Rite ofethe<Gréat Burden is _

their version of the Rite of Renunciation and is used when
a hengeyokai wishes to change from service tothe Courts to
service to her Breed or vice versa of whén' a Western
Changer wishes to join the Beast Courts. When &@hengeyokai
changes her auspice to one more suited, she undergoes the
Rite of the Second Face. This rite can only be performed
once per individual and usually takes place at a'erossroads.

CAL IOLL

Caern rites have an important role in. the lives of
hengeyokai and they have their own versions of most Garou

caern rites, except for The Badger's Burrow. Theappearance |
and form of the rites reflect the customs of the Middle.

Kingdom, but the effects are the same as those practiced by
the Garou or Western Fera.

Pe th T OLE

Rites to honor the dead usually take place within the

Breed rather than in-the courts. If a hero of the Courts has

died performing some great service to the Emerald Mother,

his court performs a rite of honor celebrating the life ofthe

Se scr i i eh RE

Beast Courts.

: the sane crime. Success indicates a

CAapter Four: The Beast Courts

fallen hero. Called Journey's. End, this rité, if successful,
conveys the body of the deceased directly into the Umbra.

Mystic rites play large part in court life and allow those
hengeyokai who cannot otherwise access the spirit world to
do so as a rite participant..Rites of Binding, ‘Talisman
Dedication, Spirit Awakening and Summoning are com-
moh cto all the courts. Orher rires are peculiar. to. the
hhengeyokai: The Rite of the Harmonious Journey, for ex-

_ ample, binds a group of hengeyokai into a mountain sentai.

Lp IRIEL

The hengeyokai use their own variants of the Satire
Rice and the Stone@of Scorn to punish errant members. Two
rites, however, are unique to the hengeyokai and are used to
punish severe crimes against the Emerald Mother or the

: Level Thrée
_ The hengeyokai that demonstrates an inability to ¢or-

-xect her misdeeds may need time alone to contemplate her

errors. Members of the court escort the subject of this rite to

jan isolaced place where she is buried alive for a period that

sually lasts from sunset to suririse. If the rite succeeds, the

" yuctim does not heed to breathe, eat or drink for the duration.

A hengeyokai subjecred to thi¥ rite must make three Wéill-
power rolls (difficulty 8) or lose a permanent point of Will-
power from the harrowing effect of being buried alive.
System: The titemastrer rolls-Charisma +: Rituals to
ensure the rite's success. The ritemaster knows if the rite fails

wand Wimediarely exhumes the victim so that she does not

die; believing that the Emerald Mother has decided that the
punishment was undeserved.

Level Five

This horrific rite is reserved for traitors to the Emerald
Mother. ‘The,victim is taken to an out-of-the-way place
where his screams cannot be heard. The rite slowly trans-
fétms the victim's body, from the inside out, to silver, gold
or whatever material is appropriate. The rite is irreversible.

System: "The riternaster reads the crimes of the victim
avid pronounces rhe punishment before rolling Charisma +
Ricuals. If the rice fails, the victim is declared innocent, and
a second attempt may not be made on the same victim for
slow, painful death.

"Phe hhengeyokai have few Renown Rites. They cel-

ebrate the addition of anew hengeyokai to the Courts with

the Rite of the Opened Way, which reveals the cub's auspice
androle inthe Courts. A-variant of the Rite of Accomplish-

weenent acknowledges the gaining ofa new rank and accompa-
| mies the awarding of an appropriate badge of rank.

203



Africa has always walked in my mind proudly upright, ari

African giant among the other continents, toes well dug into the - ~
final ocean of one hemisphere, rising to its full height in the graying
skies of the other; head and shoulders broad, square and endur-
ing, making light of the bagful of blue Mediterranean slung over

|

its back as it marches patiently through tire.
— Laurens Van der Post, Flamingo Feather

Ppavegire

There are many faces here, many people young arid old;
familiar and new. Good, good. There is much you must learn;
for we are living in extraordinary times, and we must keep pace
with the rhythm of the world around us if we are to make headway
in our war against the Wyrm and its minions.-It may seem odd
to have an outsider tell you of the goings-on in Africa, but that is
only appropriate; there are things I see that the natives do not see,
things I understand that they miss because they cannot look upon
their circumstances with unclouded eyes..Change is in the wind,
my friends, and we must be ready to embrace it when it comes.
So listen well if you would learn of Africa's secrets, for I am
Walks-With-Might, and this is the truth.

Shae PLifory Of
CaaS CPi teeZdfercae
DPté FGptt Doi

In‘ancient times, long before the rige of men; the world
of spirit was torn apart from the world of the physiéal, arid the

CAapter Five: The Ahadi

a LY A LE

very world itself wept as a result. Our Earth-Mother, Gaia; saw
this calamity and despaired, for She knew that without the
spirits to guide them the creatures of the world would easily
lose their way. Bur Her wisclom is vast and timeless, and so She
decided to create the Changing Breeds, creatures of the spirit
world given bodies of flesh and bone. These beings, who
shared the souls of animals and men, were charged with
walking among the world's creatures and guiding them ac-
cording to Gaia's will. The Ananasi were to weave, the Corax
to listen, the Mokolé to remember, the Garou to destroy. She
gave each of them a task to do, and they did ir gladly. All was
well, for a time. Bur as is often the case, things did nor work
out quite so well as Gaia had intended...

TP LASS

After some time, Gaia found that Her childrén had
difficulty working together. The Ananasi wove but would not
stop, the Corax listened but did not hear, the Mokolé remem-
bered but would not speak, and the Garou... heh. The Garou
destroyed, bur did so indiscriminately. Saddened by this, Gaia

205


realized that She needed to find a way to make Her creations
work together, and it was to this end that She created the
Bastet. They were a fierce and proud people, and Gaia asked
that they help the rest of us to work together. They gladly
accepted the task, but unforrunately were not... ideally suited
to it. Their arrogance created resentment among the other
Changers, particularly rhe Garou and the Ajaba. While we
recognized our own weaknesses, we did not take kindly to
having some young upstarts constantly pointing them out.
We also took offense at the fact that they were eager to help,
but only on their rerms. They were independent beasts, those
Baster, and while they were well adapted to finding flaws in
others' work they were not particularly adept at learning to
work well with others. The War of Ragé was the result.
The Yala Prarerfior

As war raged in the north; a different sore of conflict
reigned in the south. The Ajaba, the Choosers of the Slain,
found their stars falling; we Garou were slaughtering them
along with everyone else in the Americas and Asia, and the
Bastet kept harping'on them about how they were falling
down on the job. It's no wonder, really; everyone was falling
down when we werewolves were snapping at their heals. But
the Ajaba were sick of it. They were content to do their job
as best they could,-bur when they faced slaughter at the
hands of the Garou and criticism from the Basret's mouths,
they up and decided they'd had enough. If che Bastet were
so damn good at figuring our what had to be done in the
world, let them deal with it. The Ajaba had better things to
do,.orso they thought, and as far as they were concerned the
world beyond their territories could just go to hell.

‘The betrayalofthe Ajabashocked and angered the other
Fera of the world. The Bastet were particularly annoyed, since
the Ajaba's departure meant they had to take on the
werehyenas' duties atask for which they were ill-prepared.
Anger soon turned to resentment, and resenrment to hatred,
for by the Bastet's reckoning the Ajaba's refusal to cooperate
with them was a sin beyond imagining. Even the Wyrm did
not enrage them:so,. for while that being is the essence of
corruption it is nonetheless a thing of nature. It is doing as its
nature commands it, and as such it cannot be condemned out
of hand. But the Ajaba... they were not corrupted. They did
not fall to the Wyrm. Like the Ratkin, they simply tuimed their
backs on Gaia, abandoning Her when their job became too
much for them to handle. The Bastet found this intolerable,
anc so decided that the werehyenas had to be punished. Thar
is our way, as it has always been. And yet-....

There comes a point when one goes toofar. The Simba
turned their hatred of the Ajaba into a science, and when
the other Bastet wondered if they'd gone too far they became
the enemy as well. And when the whites came to Africa, and
when the vampires began to strangle the land, and when the
Wyrm sank its talons into the Earth, the Simba knew that
there was no price too great for punishing the guilty. They
had passed the point of no return, but the other Bastet found
ta their horror that it was far was too late to stop them. They

206

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LE LL TY LL

had become the Dark Kings of Gaia, and it would take the
threat of utter annihilation to get the rest of us to do
something about it.

A lot of people had to die to make us understand that.

Lab SCOP!) cape fold CLD LL S FOP

When we look back 6n the tmadriess of Black Tooth, it's
tempting to write him off as an aberration. If we were to do
so, however; we would be overlooking the tradition -of
hacred and resentment that fostered his rage, and rhat has
existed for centuries. The Endless Storm was righteousness
and pride made manifest, and while it wasa perversion ofall
we stand foritis nonetheless instructive. We know now how
it all ended; we know that the Mokolé crushed Black
Tooth's pride, that we Striders shattered his vampire allies,
thar the Bagheera and the Bubasti stripped him of his
magical might, and that still others finally broke him, once
and for all. But all of that isin the past, and it is nor what
concerns us now. Now we must look to the future, and in so
doing seek to understand how it was that the old hatreds
began to bleed away, and how the crucible of war helped us
to forge an alliance that will last forever. That understand-
ing begins with an Ajaba, the hyena known as Kisasi.

Kia

Wher death came to the Ajaba in the Ngorongoro in
1984, che survivors scattered to the four winds. Some ran to
Europe or the Americas, but most made their way to India,
which was home to their hyena Kin. Africa had become a
dangerous place for them, since Black Tooth and his pride
now ruled the whole of the continent. Few chose to weather
the storm's winds, but those who did were crafty and tena-
cious out of necessity. One of these, a mere child to look at
her, was Kisasi, the Ajaba who barely understood the mean-
ing of her own name. For you see, she was a hyena,-and while
she hated lions as much as any hyena could she was not
plagued by a thirst for vengeance.But that was the name she
was given when she underwent her First Change, and so that
was the name she called her own from then on.

Kisasi was more interested in survival than anything else,
and she understood the landin ways that most ofher kin could
not. They spoke of vengeance and politics, but what did that
matter to her? Those were abstract concepts, and she had
more primal coricerns. Gaia spoke to her in a way normally
reserved for the males of her clan, and it was thus that she was
blessed with wisdom instead of rage. So it was that she cast off
the hareful legacy of her elders, vowing to chart her own
course as she eked out a living on the plains of the Serengeti.
Her fellows called her foolish and a traitor, but she didn'tcare.
She ignored their silly human ways, scoffed at the notion of
hatred for hatred's sake, and instead used the land to help
Gaia as best she could. This, of course, was her greatest virtue;
she recognized the pulse of Gaia around her, and knew that
there had to be more to life than hating the lions and preying
upon the weak. This knowledge led to curiosity, and that
curiosity opened the door for many things indeed.


The Leopard and tlle Plyera Cure

I cannot imagine what must have gone through old
Kiva's mind when she first laid eyes on Kisasi; what Ajaba
could be mad enough to be traveling alone in Africa? Indeed,
what Ajaba would be so bold as to walk right up to a leopard
and ask her what she was doing? And yet, this is exactly what
Kisasi did. As fate would have it, she picked the right leopard;
we all know Kiva isn't exactly known for her temper, and I
daresay it would take the Wyrm itself to do anything more
than mildly irritate her, such is the extent of her control over
her Rage. And so the Bagheera and the Ajaba proceeded to
have aconversation, wherein Kiva told the young pup all she
knew of Gaia and their role in Her grand design, and of the
sorrowful history that had led to the massacre in Ngorongoro.
She spoke of Black Tooth, and of why he had been allowed to
become so fearsomely powerful, and of how no one knew what
to do about him now. And the others... she mentioned the
others, too, I think. The Mokolé and the Garou and the
Bubasti and all the rest of Gaia's children.

When Kisasi heard of the great power of the Mokolé,
and of the Garou's role as Gaia's teeth, and of all of the
mystic might of the Bubasti and the Bagheera, she asked her
ersatz mentor why they didn't all just team up and get rid of
Black Tooth once and forall. Ah, the wisdom of the young!

Se en ees en eee Pee SS ee

Kiva told her this probably wasn't going to happen, seeing
as how the various Breeds didn't really get along very well,
and Kisasi decided on the spot that this was a dumb and
foolish thing, and that she would just have to fix it.

It would seem that one should not underestimate the
power of a tenacious young Ajaba —- particularly one prone
to positive thinking.

taking Frvendt dong fle Nie

Since the Bagheera have relatively good ties with the
werecrocodiles who share their territories, Kisasi decided
they'd be a good place to start. I'm not sure why Kiva went
along with the pup's insane plan; perhaps she was just humor-
ing the child, or perhaps she figured that things couldn't get
much worse without triggering the Apocalypse itself. With
nothing to lose, then, the two set out to find the Mokolé.

Now, the Mokolé are, by nature, rather placid sorts. We
Striders have had an agreement with them for years, staying
away from them at worst and working with them on occa-
sion in kinder times. This is the way it has to be; one cannot
fight the vampires in Egypt if one is fighting his friends as
well, and we realized that long ago. Not surprisingly, then,
the crocodiles rend to be rather open-minded, at least by the
standards of the Fera. When a Bastet and an Ajaba showed
up at their sacred watering holes, the one looking put upon


and the other with wagging tail, the Mokdlé must have been
rather curious to say the leasr.

Curious they were, but that is all. When Kisasi asked for
their assistance against Black Tooth, they were unmoved; it
was not, after all, cheir department. They were sympathetic,
to be sure, but they were Gaia's memory, not Her warriors.
If Kisasi was bent om working against Black Tooth, they
would offer her and her kin aid and shelter, but they would
not fight for her unless there was no other way to do what
needed to be done. She would have to go elsewhere for aid,
they said. She would have to come to us.:To the Garou.
Fhe Skvidere Flvacepsae

Kisasi was an enthusiastic ¢hild, but she was not foolish.
The thought of dealing with the Garou directly frightened
her very nearly as much as facing the Simba did, and she was
uncertain as to how to proceed at this point. But the Mokolé
gave her some names to work with, and so with a bit of effort
she found a Strider sept ‘to speak to.

The results were not encouraging:

When we first heard of Kisasi's schemie, we thoughrit was
a nice idea. It was encouraging to find an Ajaba who actually
gave a damn for once, and the peace and cooperation she
spoke of was all nice and idyllic.. But what she was suggesting
was a concerted effort =— one that would generate consider-
able casualties —~ to rake down Black Tooth once and for all
The question we had, though, was this: then what? What was
the point of clearing out Black Tooth's pride if some other
Simba, or a vampire, or who knows what else, would just srep
in to take his place? No, we said. Not good enough. If she
wanted our help, she would need to convince us thar some-
thing good would come of it: Somerhing lasting. She would
need to find anew king for Africa's Changing Breeds.

The Cagle

Ourdeniands of Kisasi were great, but they were neces-
sary. The Bastet only truly respect their own, and we knew
that, for all their hatred of the Simba, they nonetheless
recognized the brutes as the closest thing catkind had to
kings, and therefore lords of Africa as well. We Garou and
the Mokolé might look askance at that, but our perceptions
don't much matter; Africa belongs to the cats more than
anyone else, and if we were to shake things up down there
we needed proof that the cats could look after things on their
own. Kisasi didn't care for that much; Kiva liked it even less.
But that wily old Bagheera had an intriguing idea, one we
didn't learn about until after the face.

Kisasi's next stop was farther south, far beyond the
domains of Black Tooth and his pride. There was a place in
Africa even they wouldn't go, and for good reason: They
weren't the only Simba game in town. Long ago, the Mayi'o
separated from the rest of their: kin and settled in the
Kalahari, where they adopted a more peaceful and spiritual
existence (how ironiéc rhar they prey on elephants there, far
more fearsome prey than any the Amadu'o would care to
tackle!). If they could be convinced to enter the fray... but

208

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LE Ee AT TT LL TA

then, there was the rub: The Mayi'o left Simba society fora
reason, after all. They wanted no part of it. How, then, could
Kisasi tempt therm to rejoin Africa's Changing Breeds, and
help them to end the scourge of Black Tooth?

Only Kisasi and the Mayi'o king, Hakimu, know what
happened next. But I do know that Hakimu rebuffed her
time and again, and that she would not back down. How sad
and pitiful she must have looked, terrified and alone, a tiny
Ajaba child standing firm in the face of a Simba's rage! But
how proud,.too; whatever he demanded of her,. she was
willing to provide, and her word stood as bond for all the
Ajaba of the world. Hate the Simba though they may, none
could igriore the possibiliry of a life without war, without
being hunted, without being reviled for the sins of their
ancestors. Somehow, Kisasi redeemed her race in the eyes of
the ‘Mayi'o, and as long as she stands as their queen the
wounds of the past will nor be reopened.

Caro AAlaL

With Hakimudnd his pride committed, Kisasi returned
ro.us once again. This was not the same woman who had
come begging for our help in the past, however. Gone was
the bright-eyed child, the lirtle hyena who found the notion
of fighting one's kin absurd. In her place stood a -young
woman with fire in her eyes, and this time she did not request
our help =~ she demanded it,reminding us of our duties to
Gaia and our pacts with the spirits who called Africa home.
She had spoken to the Mokolé, aiid to the Bagheera, and ro
the Mayi'o, and tous. She knew what was at stake, and she
knew this was not agame. We could not possibly refuse her,
she said, because doing so would mean turning our backs on
Gaia just as the Ajaba had in the past. She was proud and
defiant,-supremely confident in the righteousness of her
quest. We looked ather through hard eyes, embitrered as we
were in our war against Black Tooth's allies in the north, and
we resented her impudence. Be that as it may, however, we
knew sormething else as well —— she was right. It was time to
end things, time to put the dark king of Africa in his place
as we should have long ago. It was time to go to-war.

Phe Cotveratel

The war with Black Tooth was long and bloody, but it
finally ended with the utter annihilation of his pride and all
who supported them. The Garou of the south, the Kucha
Ekundu, destroyed the' Simba's feline Kin, and we Striders
disemboweled his vampiric support. The Mokolé erupted
from their wallows to crush. the Endless Storm, and the
Bagheera stripped the errant king of his most potent magics.
When wall was said and done only Black Tooth's skull
remained, his body torn to ribbons and his soul destroyed for
all eternity. Even Malfeas cannot claim him now; his hold
on the world is broken forever.

With che battle ended,-the real story of Africa's Fera
bégan to take shape. The Amadu'o Simba were disgraced,
and the Mayi'o rose from the Kalahari to take their place
among Gaia's defenders. They had placed a terrible burden


|

ee

: It's been said before, bute it bears repeating: Black
-Tooth's killer hasnot been named; and mever shall be.
This is bécause that tole is left for the player characters, {
should ‘they caré,to do the deed (or have already
accomplished it), orto whomever else the Storyteller
chooses far the Chronicle. The glory of destroying the
fallen king is easily grear enough that the victotwould
"play a prominent rolé in the formation and subsequent:
direction of. the ,Ahadi, and.players ‘and: Storytellers
[ alike are encouraged to shape the events described

below accordingly.

Ba Toop Kifer |

on Kisasi's shoulders, one that bound the two races in a way
the rest of us couldn't understand. In.so doing,. they had
formed the basis for a much larger coalition of interests: if
the Ajaba and the Simba were to work together, how much
of a stretch was it to include. the other Changers? The
Bubasti, Mokolé, and ‘we. Silent Striders already had an
accord of sorts in Egypt, and both the Bubasti and rhe Simba
had ties to the Bagheera. Once we recognized the bonds we
all shared, the next step seemed obvious. We had to extend
our bonds of cooperation into an agreement to work to-
gether in the future as we had in our efforts to topple Black
Tooth, We had to create a covenant, a sacred pact that
would amount to more than empty promises and whispered
words of cooperation. We needed. an ahadi.

ect tert

Most of the Fera who initially agreed té join the Ahadi
wete surprised by how easy the entire process was. Kiva, Kisasi,
Swims-in-Mbembe's-Wake, Hakimu and myself formed the
nucleus of the organization, and the Bagheera managed to
draw upoa constitution of sorts in fairly short order. Treaties
followed, often ending centuries of conflict, and the accurnu-
lated Changers soon realized possibilities the new alliance
offered were staggering. The greatest alliances were those
forged between the Silent Striders and the Bagheera, and
between the Simba and the. Ajaba. But when the Mokolé
threw their accumulated knowledge into the mix,-and the
Bubasti tentatively offered up some of their magical ability,
the Ahadi members felt a quickening in theit veins the likes
of which they had never before experienced. They knew, now
beyond all doubt, thar they could actually accomplish some-
thing here. It wasn't about killing some vampires or putting
one's own house in order; they were making history; and they
knew it, and they rejoiced. This was the single most encour-
aging event the Changing Breeds had seen since the forma-
tion of the Beast Courts in ages past, and they knew that their
combined efforts could change the world.

CGRK DOPE ACUACY

The fallout from Black Tooth's death has been stagger-
ing. His vampire allies, held in check by their agreements

Chapter Five: The Ahadi

A A LT LEE

with him and the raw power he commanded, were free to do
as they would once he died, and for a long while there was
little anyone could do to stop it.. His death scream woke
something evil in the Kalahari desert, something the world
was never meant to see, and it is something that may yet
consume all of the life in Africa. No minion of the Wyrm
could operate unchécked by Black Tooth's power, and even
the spirics of the dead paid homage to his might. In all the
ways thar count he was like unto a god, and when he died the
fear of crossing him was lost as well. Fora time, it seemed like
the world was coming to an endl.

Those terrifying weeks are the reason the Mayi'o Simba
remain in power today. The other Baster wanted to give in to
despair, because they saw threats on all sides and no way to
defend against them. The Silent Striders were unfarniliar with
the land, and this left them unable to help their newfound
allies. The Kucha Ekundu were shatrered by the war with the
Endless Storm, and they hadn'r the strength "to fight the
enemies who now confronted them. The Mokolé clutches had
been destroyed,and the Swara were still in hiding. The Ajaba,
though critical in the formation of the Ahacli, were stilla weak,
inexperienced, hopelessly embittered group, incapable of fight-
ing in a coordinated fashion without Garou support. Things
werea mess, and Africa's outlook in the wake of Black Tooth's
death looked ten times worse than it had before.

But the Mayi'o do not know how to surrender. Perhaps
they are more refined and even-tempered than the Amadu'o,
but they are still Simba. The other Changers wanted to run
and hide, but the Mayi'o would not allow it. The Simba would
fight the Wyrm, they said; they would fight the Wyrm, and
the vampires, and ariything elsé that stood in their way,
because that was what Gaia had told them todo. They would
fighe, and they would win, and no one would stop them. And
when the other Changers heard this; when the Simba in-
formed them of this, they found that they believed it. They
believed it because they knew, they knew in that moment,
that what the Simba were saying was true, and because they
knew this they also knew that they could not fail. This was
theic birthright, their miandate from Heaven, and they re-
solved then and there to crush their enemies or die trying.

It was not easy, of course.-Their foes were legion, and
they seemed unstoppable.. But the forces of Gaia were
working in concert as never before, and the Mayi'o kept
them going by raw force of willalone. The lionsdid not allow
them to bend, or to break, and they scoured the countryside
piece by piece, using the Bastet to find their enemies, and
the Ajaba to divine their weaknesses, and the Mokolé to
show them the way. And once they learned their enemies'
secrets, they used the Garou as a divine hammer to crush all
who stood against them. As the weeks rolled by; the head-
way they made was remarkable. The largest threats yet
remained, of course. The Wyrm had not gone away, and the
Banes awakened by Black Tooth had not gone away, and the
vampires had not gone away, but all of rhese things knew
that the Fera could not be besieged, and that they could not

209

t

be crushed. They knew that Africa belonged to the Basret;
and the Ajaba, and the Mokolé, and the Garou, and they
knew that they would have to fight for every bit of it they
took,-and that it would cost them dearly to keep it. The
Ahadi had passed its greatest test, and the bonds thar formed
in those early weeks are powerful enough that they can
never be broken. Black Tooth's legacy became the crucible
that defined the Ahadi, that made itasymbol of hope for all
of Gaia's childrén around the world.. And that hope has
struck a terrible blow against the Wyrm, a blow that cannot
be measured in blood or bone alone. That is the Mayi'o
legacy, and that is why they rule the Bastet of Africa today.

AF KC Toecotvery

The Mokolé losses during the war with: the' Endless
Storm were incalculable, as entire clutches of young were
defiled in the war's final days. Crocodiles do not tend to breed
very quickly, and asa result their recovery has been slow and
painful. But all is mot lost: a number of Mokolé from the
Congo basin have moved outward into the world, mingling
their streams and their memories with those of their kin in
hopes of revitalizing their nests in Africa..The Spear of
Mokolé-Mbembe has given them new life, and it symbolizes
the bonds they share with the Kucha Ekundu and the Bagheera.
And they are not alone in their efforts; their participation in
the final battle with the Endless Storm has ensured that their
recovery is listed as a top priority for the Ahadi, and every
member of the council agreed with: this sentiment... The
Mokolé are deeply grateful, and have been more forthcoming
with their knowledge as a result (provided people ask for it, of
course; they rarely know what's needed and what's not, so the
Ahadi Fera have had to learn how to ask the right questions
if they want the Mokolé to give them answers).

SV bie Finpirre of fle KY ltt CPL

Fate has béen kind to the Bubasti of lare; for she has
revealed to them the location of the last of the ancient
Kyphur cats, the Bubasti's ancestral feline Kin: This chain
of events began when agents of Sashet Davis, the Bubasti
charged with locating and rescuing the captive Kyphurs,
chanced to overhear a conversation between two Garou in
a Cairo bazaar. The particulars of the conversation turned
Davis' stomach, but the information it provided was none-
theless of great value; apparently, one of the Garou had
consumed the brain of avampiric ghoul, and in the process
learned of the location of the Bubastri's Kin.

Davis now finds herself in'an unenviable position. She
knows she must act quickly, before the information she has
goes stale. She also knows that she is in a position to call
upon the Silent Striders for aid, as stipulated by the Ahadi.
However, the Striders are not known. for their subtlety,
particularly in matters concerning vampires. The prospect
of reclaiming some of her Kin at the cost of the lives of the
others makes her ill at ease, and as‘a result she has been
researching other options in hopes of finding. a better
solution to the problem.

210

| Breeds to establish close ties with variotis sorts Of mages!

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LEE Le Te LT IY I A

A berating Alia Rit fIpr C10E

There are many ways Sashet Davis might go abot

*°Phe Ratkin aren't on terribly good terms withthe
Garou, but they might bemoresympathetictothe plight
of che Bubasti. If Davis can.;convince the ratlings to aid:
hetcause, she would'find that the Ratkin make superb
infilctrators, and might' well stand -che best Charice of
rescuing the Kyphurs.Ddirig so would opén adoorway for
their joining the Ahadiy if they are inclined todo so.

© The'ties between the Bagheera and the Biibasti.
are strong, and: it's: possible Davis: might beable. co
prevail upon the. werépanthers to. intercede on ‘the
Bubasci's behalf. Vhe only. problem with this tactic: is
the fact that the Bagheera are notoriously hidebound
whenlit comes to mattérs of propriety —'meaning the
prospect..of ‘taking -action winder the radar of orher
Ahadi members likely won't sit well with.chem.:

*. Bubasti-are more likely:than, most Changing

"These could prove to)..be helpful allies: against the
vampires who hold the Kyphurs, but their aid would no
doubt come ara high price.

© The Silent. Striders might. get involved, : with
Davis' bléssing: or without. Walks-With-Mighr would
certainly seé the liberation Of the Kyphur cats, as an
excellent'means of solidifying ties within the Ahadi,
and. che fact thac ic would involve dealing a sect of
Caito's vampires:a crippling blow is justicing: on the:
cake. Phe problem with such a strategyis thateven the
slightest misstep. could resulr-iny catastrophe, which
makes. the Garou option unsetrling.to say the least.

UWitimately, the fate ofthe lase Kyphurs should rest
with the chronicle. lf the Storyteller would like to have
the players get invelved with this rescue miission, that's
firie; if the Storyteller feels thar alittle more tragedy. is
necessary to balance the many positive gains of the
Ahadi, having the mission. go poorly is fine too.

rescuing her feline Kin. Some ofthe mostdramatic include: |

Df SRA aL SEP EF

When she was récruiting allies for her battle agairist
Black Tooth, the Swara were among the first of the Fera that
Kisasi contacted. No one save the Ajaba had been harassed
and terrorized by the Wyrm as much as they had, and she
figured they'd be eager to oust the Simbadictator from power.
She was in for a shock. Their response when she told them of
her quest was something akin to "It sounds like a worrhy goal.
We wish you the best of luck!" She never saw them again.

Kisasi thought this response rather rude, but it was under-
standable: the Swara are understandably paranoid creatures,
and they can't really be faulted for their desire to do anything
except face Black Tooth. And honestly, how could they have
known Kisasi had a chance of succeeding? Her quest was likely


a fool's errand, and playing it safe is what the Swara do best.
Which has kept them in the game,-as it were, until now.

The Swara's current situation is the result an overactive
desire to help others. Since they were rational beings, rhey
were unwilling to face Black Tooth directly. But when they
learned of the rather awful situation plaguing the Kucha
Ekundu, they felt a need.to help out as best they could. So,
they offered to protect a number of Kucha pups, isolating
them from their diseased-packmates in hopes of keeping
them safe for another day. It was a grand idea, and it likely
saved the Garou of the south from extinction; unfortu-
nately, it also made it difficult to keep secrets.

It wasn't the Garou's fault, really; they had no idea thar
they Swara ability to step sideways was such a closely
guarded secret, and the Swara they were watching didn't
know they were around: So when they innocently men-
tioned the incident in mixed company, the cat,.as it were,
was out of the bag.

This is why the Swara are so relentlessly xenophobic.

Once a Bastet got wind of the Swara's secret, ic seemed
to spread like wildfire. You'd think a damn Corax had clued
into. things, what with the way everyone seemed to know
about it. The Mayi'o thought this was a great and wonderful
thing, as it made thé Swara uniquely equipped to scout the

i

25 Capp Zeverage S
The Swara aren't terribly happy about being pressed
into service for the sake of the; Ahadi. Yes, yes, they
understand. it's for the good of Gaia, and that,it's unprec-
edented, atid that everyone else is involved; ard soon and
so forth: Vhat's all welland good; but abuse in the name of
nobleéndsis still abuse, andsome Swara have decided that
| they aren't going cake.ic lying down: ‘The trick, Of cotirse,
lies in. figuring Outshow,:to improve their own position
without holding the interests of Gaia hostage, for while all
the Charging Breeds serve.Gaia, tone have made it so
_centraltoa their identity asthe Swara. They therefore tind
that ‘they, have.to continue:to further the efforts of the
Ahadi and.at the same time bargain theniselves intc a

Position of strength within the organizacion. ;

Whisper-of-Sands, a Feline Swararmystic, has made
some progress On this front.‘Tt was he who brought the
Kucha Ekundu to: Tinus Grellman's ranch in. Namibia;
and it is he who-maintains the closest ties to thé painted
"wolves today, With Strongést Son's help) sW/Hisper ‘is
maneuvering the Swara into. a position ofstrengch ir: the
southern lands of Africa, both by exploring the Kalahari
and by kéeping the reriegade Ajaba at bay: Lord Hakimu;

the. Mayi'o Simba-king, has begun to take notice of
Whisper's efforts, and is now. wondering whethér che
wily Swara is'a thteat or mercly a helpfal asset. Iv either
case, the Simba ‘is beginning. to:understand that the

of Africa might be bigger than he'd anticipated.

Swara cannot be ignored, and that their role in the futiire:

Umbra, and bolscér the Kucha Ekundu's efforts té investigate
the evils lurking in. the sands of the Kalahari deserr. The
Swara were dragged from their territories, promised rich
rewards in the form of both protection and prey, reminded of
their duties to Gaia (which they found insulting, since they
probably took chose duties more seriously than any other
Bastet tribe), and pressed into service. So it was that the Swara
joined the Ahadi, ro the delight of all its many Fera.

The Swara think the whole affair stinks, bur nobody
asked them. They despise that, too.

TEAPOP fen fliE afl?

The Mayi'o of che Simba, Shari's clan of the Ajaba, the
Kucha Ekundu of the Garou, and the Swara of Botswana all
have one question: what in Gaia's name is lurking beneath
the sands of the Kalahari desert? The Mayi'o have felt
something here for years, bur Black Tooth somehow kept it
in check. The two tribes of Simba weren't exacrly on
speaking terms,-rthough, so che Mayi'o don't have any of the
details. The ‘Ajaba, for all their desire to undermine the
‘Ahadi ‘and all it represents, don't like the emanations
coming from the desert any more than the Simba do, and rhe
one thing they can agree on is the fact that whatever's out
there has to be found and dealt with before it causes any
more trouble. Bur what is it?

The Kucha Ekundu are' can-do types; and once they
were brought on board the Ahadi they took to exploring the
desert in hopes of finding whatever was out there and tearing
it to pieces. But they didn't find anything. Nothing at all,
beyond a feeling of dread thar they couldn't isolate. When
the Swara were pressed into service for the Ahadii, they too
searched the desert, ronoavail. When asked to journey into
the Umbra, they did so; that was when they discovered
something, something that never should have been born.
Several of the werecheerahs died that day, and those who
returned would not speak of whatever it was they encoun-
tered. But they know where it is, and that was enough to get
the Garou on the right mack. Now, Strongest Son of the
Kucha Ekundu has sent out a call for volunteers, trying to
put together a pack capable of tearing into whatever it is the
Swara found. 1risa matter of weeks before his strike team can
be assembled, and he hopes to acquire advance scouts to give
them some idea -of what they're dealing with before the
Ahadi forces enter the fray. But the Swara want no part of
it, and no amount of cajoling from the Simba or anyone else
can get them to change their minds. Even appealing to their
sense of duty co Gaia does not sway them, so terrified are they
of what they found. That worries Strongest Son. A lot. But
an evil of this magnitude simply cannot be ignored, and he
will find a way to deal with it, or die trying.

PCF

Despite the obvious advantages to having the Ahadi
bind A frica's Changers together, some of Africa's shapeshifters
want to see it abolished. Chief among these are Ajaba who

Chapter Five: The Ahaedi 211

— EA ET NS


have returtied to Africa in the wake of Black Tooth's death,
and are incensed that the Simba are even allowed to live,
much less hold a position on the ruling council of the Aladi.
They do not understand how instrumental the Simba were in
the overthrow of Black Tooth, nor how critical theirrole was
in the terrible days and weeks that followed the mad Simba's
death. They want only revenge, and they plan to reach out
and take it any way they can. If that means turning against
their fellows -or, indeed, turning against Gaia, they do not
care. They've spent their lives ruled by a madman, watched
their entire race reduced to a handful, and all thar matters to
them now is their own selfish pride.

But they are not alone. The Amadu'o Simba want the
Ahadi to end as well, and for very different reasons. For you
see, the Amadu'o donot want allies in their fight against the
Wyrm; they want subjects..And they do nor want rap-
prochement with the Ajaba; they want the hyenas extermi-
nated. None can quell their ambition, and all know they are
a time bomb waiting to go off. For now, the Mayi'o keep
them in check, but how long can that last?

Sickening as these dissenters are, there-is something
about both of them that is even more disturbing: they appear
to have formed an alliance, designed to undermine the very
support of the Ahadi and ultimately tear it to pieces.-The

212

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

SOLE LE. YP LT

very concept is mind-boggling, for there are no greater foes
in all the world. Even the hatred between the Garou and the
Black Spiral Dancers, the very minions ofthe Wyrm,cannot
match the enmity shared by rhe Amadu'oand the expatriate
Ajaba. And yet, these two hateful foes are willing to quell
their hatred solely to tear down the very force that keeps
them from fighting, simply because each wants the chance
to kill the other. Such unreasoning hatred is incomprehen-
sible, and most of the Fera are so stunned by the idea thar
they do not even know how to begin. to address it.

aed Ft2fo0r
Chegarteafror

The Ahadi meriber races have accomplished quite a bit
inthe last couple of years, but to understand rhose accom-
plishments, ir would be helpful to understand just what it is
that makes the Ahadi tick.

The Ahadi is ruled,-as it were, by a central council of
elders from its primary member races. These elders tend to
the issues of relevance to their individual regions, bur also
gather in larger council meetings ro discuss matters of


relevance to all of Africa. In the north, the most prominent
members of the council are Sand's-Last-King of the Mokolé,
Walks-With-Might of the Silent Striders and Shroud-of-
Night of the Bubasti.. Thesé three dictate Ahadi policy in
North Africa, and even the Simba abide by. their wishes
when visiting this region.

In the east, centered ir: Ngorongoro Crater, the day is
ruled by Kiva of the Bagheera, Thunder's Sovereign of the
Amadu'o, and Kisasi of the Ajaba. The Amadu'o presence is
somewhat misleading; while they have a seat on the council,
they haven't the nerve to make their voices heard. Hakimu
has made it quite clear that the Simba have muich to apologize
for, and he doesn't let the remnants of Black Tooth's tribe
forget it. In addition to the Simba, a number of Swara have
been invited to council meetings as well; however, since they
fear the Simba, and since they are not as organized as the
Swara of the south, they have thus far declined. For their part,
the Mokolé of the east seern content to live by the dictates of
either Sandl's-Last-King or Swims-in-Mbembe's-Wake, and
while they join council meetings to keep apprised of what's
going on they otherwise have little to say-

To.the south the Simba hold sway, and the council in
this' région includes: Hakimu of the Mayi'o, Shari of the
Ajaba, and Swims-in-Mbembe's-W ake of the Mokolé. Stron-
gest Son, leader of the Kucha Ekundu packs in the Okavango,
also plays a critical role in the governing of the southern
Fera, but he does not directly participate in-meetings be-
cause he feels somewhat removed from Fera society... Also,
since he devotes most of his energy to managing the affairs
of his pack and the caern they control, he has licrle time to
deal with the issues of che Fera unless directly called upon by
Hakimu or the Mokolé.

While there is a plethora of Ferain western Africa, they
have little involvement in Ahadi affairs: This is nor because
they want no part of the covenant, however; rather, they are
simply too isolated to effectively interact with the rest of the
Ahadi- councils. The Bagheera and the Mokolé of the
Congo have a tight relationship, and both are on good terms
with the Kucha Ekundu and,.to a lesser extent, the Mayi'o
Simba. But they do not attend council meetings, and so their
voices go largely umheard by the Ahadi proper.

Mteplerr

There-are a number of permaneént members in the
Ahadi,; and a few who have formed close bonds with them
in recent months. Additionally, several Fera are considering
membership, and the coming months will tell us whether we
count them as allies or antagonists.

Lalla

Along with the Mayi'o Simba, the Ajaba form the coré
of the eastern Ahadi council. Kisasi is their main voice in
Ahadi affairs, but hers is not the only one; in particular, the
inverted male Shari has significant influence with the
Ajaba of the Okavango delta, who are contemporaries of the
Mayi'o Simba. They were none too pleased with the agree-

Sn en

Chapter Five: The Ahadi

— SY

The Pons Pop rons fed Libr 4

While Kisasi's voice has set: the. tone for Ajaba
politics around the world, the tribe asa whole dées not
 universallysupport:her views: Indeed, most Of Kigasi's
stfongest supporters come from new blood, Ajaba born
Jin the "years following the slaughter ofthe tribe in
Ngorongoro in 1984. The elders of the tribe, those who
yet rerdémber the horrible days of Black ‘Tooth's reign,: |
still Bear well-earned. grudges: against the Baste ing
general and the Simba in particular, and neothing:so
simple as ashift in tribe politics will convince them thar
the Simba are anything: more than Bepocidal burchers
in, desperate néed of killing: : :
For the most part, che Aj aba elders: are reluctant to
| directly jeopardizé the Abadi by openly attackitig the |
Simba; they simply don't have the support within che
"tribe at the moment tojustify such a risk. But they are
biding their time, waiting for' the chatice to damage
Kisasi's credibilicy and make: good on her namesake:
Then; the fires that have: sustained them for twenty
years will burst-forth to consume the world, and their
gnawing hunger for vengeance will-finally be satisfied.

ments forced upon them by the Simba in return for aid
against Black Tooth, and even now Shari's voice of dissent
serves to weaken the southern coalition of the Ahadi.In the
east, however,.Kisasi's voice remains strong, and the pact
will hold for as long as she does.

Kisasi's main ally in the south is Strongest Son, -the
Kucha Ekundu whose pack slaughtered Black Tooth's feline
Kin during their war with the Endless Storm. Kisasi is nearly
as close to the Talon lord as she isto Kiva, and between these
alliances and the treaty with the Mayi'o the Ahadi is mighty
indeed in the south of Africa.

PoAGIPEP IG

Always the arbiters of carkind, the Bagheeéra have
found thernselves forced to be the backbone of the Ahadi,
the unifying presence between the northern and southern
branches of the pact and the ones to. negotiate peace
agreements whenever one faction or another decides it's
had enough and wants out. The Ajabadepend on them, the
Simba respect them, and the Mokolé count them as friends.
Even the Garou find them easy to get along with, since they
rend to be far less arrogant than is the norm for catkind. The
Bagheera do-not relish this position, however. They are
more amenable to tasks of scholarship and exploration than
their fellows are, and they do not like being forced to play
diplomat in matters that do not directly concern them. But
since they are fiercely dedicated to the ideals of the Ahadi,
and since no one else seems able to do the job, they do rhe
best they can and keep their mouths shut the rest of the time.
Mostly.

213


——
Cpa Letfare

While the Bagheera can be considered the de-facto

léaders: of the Ahadi-movement, they serve in that

< capacity under protest. The.werepanthers.are, by na-

‘ture, extréme isolationists, and the strain of continually

having:to resolve disputes, coofdinare the.activities of

their nérmal activities is driving them to the brink of ©
madriess. The face thatthey are thé most open of the

Fera is irrelevant; they are simplynot equipped to actias:
leaders and diplomats, and the pressures: they now
endure are beginning to.crush their spirits. In titne, the
entire leadership structure of the, Ahadiwill crumble to.
dusc, and the Ahadi Breeds will go: their separate ways."

| lf this calamity is to be avoided, the Simba and the
Ajaba will haveé.to learn to work.together, to keep the
Ahadi alive without the modetating influerice of the
Bagheera..The hatréd these Breeds feel for one another
makes thar hope seem, like a-distant vision, and the

: Bagheera fear they can do nothing more than warch as
the:fruitof their labors is réduced to ruins. :

disparate, and: often. antagonistic groups, and tend ‘to |

~essii

Kiva is the Bagheera of note in East Africa, and it isshe
who crafred most of the treaties that currently govern the
interactions of Africa's (Changers. She is a patienr and
tolerant sort, but her fury when aroused is legendary. Even.
Hakimu and Walks-With-Might show hera healthy respect
that goes beyond her diplomatic abilities, and all who come
to Africa quickly learn that her suggestions —— for that is how
she phrases the

Kiva is not the only Bagheera'in Africa, of course, and
she is not necessarily éven representative of their attitudes.
Many Bagheera in the Congo, for instance, are much closer
to the Mokolé than the other Bastet or the Ajaba, and they
have no real patience with any Garou beyond the Kucha
Ekundu. In some ways the Congo leopards are an entirely
differenc sect of rhe Bagheera, and while they are osrensibly
members of the Ahadci — they
are much more isolated and insular than rheir fellows, and
even less friendly.

LSLLSF

Despite their close ties with thé Mokolé and thawing
tensions with rhe Silent Striders,..the Bubasti are only
provisional members of the Ahadi. This is largely a matter
of choice, since the elders of that tribe — the khepur—~ are
more concerned with their own pursuits in Egypt than with
the activities of the Ahadi as a whole. This is not to say they
do not take the pacr seriously; on the contrary, the success
of their coordinated efforts with the Silent Striders has
convinced them of its power, and its necessity. However,
none of that changes the fact that their goals are somewhat
tangential to the Ahadi's stared purposes.

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

Lp Leayritis

Provisional meinbers of the southern axis of the Ahadi,
the Kucha Ekundu—Red Talon offshoots that have adapted
ro African wild dog stoc
affairs mainly because their numbers are small enough that
they often have other concerns. While they used the scourge
of disternper to help break Black Tooth's pride, their Kin
nonetheless bore the brunt of thar virus, and recovering
from its ravaging touch is proving to be along and drawn out
process. Nevertheless, they are counted as valuable allies by
the Bagheera and Mokolé of the Congo, and often wind up
being de facto arbiters when disputes arise between the
Mayi'o and the Ajaba of Shari's clan.

Strongest Son, the ranking elder of the Caern of the
Bloodied Rock, is a wise and open-minded Garou, and he is
one of the foci of the sourhern axis of the Ahadi. He is loath
to take -a-life unless it is absolutely necessary, and. this
restraint has earned him the respect of the Mayi'o and
Kisasi's clan of the{Ajaba. Ithas not, however, endeared him
to the Ajaba of Shari's clan, who would happily abandon the
Ahadi if they could get away with it. These troublemakers
are aconstant thorn in Strongest Son's side, and they make
his task of investigating the horrors lurking in the Kalahari
all the more difficult.

Strongest Son works closely with Hakimu when inves-
tigating the strange goings-on in his territory, since the
desert is home to the Simba every bit as much as it is to the
Kucha Ekundu. Neither knows quite what it is that Black
Tooth was keeping at bay here, but both fear it. Recently,
Strongest Son prevailed upon several Swara to journey deep
into the desert, using their great speed to cover more ground
than the Talons themselves ever could. Only two of the
Swara returned, arid they would not speak of the things they
saw, sO great was their terror.

Atagl

Most of the Ahadi tribes were unprépared "for the
majesty.of the Mayi'o, accustomed as they were to -the
savagery and pride of their Amadu'o brerhren. But the new
regime calling the shots among Africa's Simba is consider-
ably closer to the Simba ideal, and as a result the tribe is
finding it easier than-expected to overcome the legacy of
Black Tooth's reign. Hakimu is a harsh sovereign, but he is
also reasonable and fair. He does nor play favorites, and he
does not tolerate insolence or bickering among his people.
As faras he's concerned, the southern lions are there to show
everyone else how it's done, to inspire ther to bigger and
better things, and to help the Changers of Africa heal-the
wounds of the past, and Gaia help anyone who stands in the
way of such noble goals.

For all of their nobility, the Sitiba are brutish. beasts,
and few Changers can tolerate being in their preserice for
long. Even the Bagheera, easily the most tolerant of Africa's
Changing Breeds, find them difficulr to deal with, and the


Garou and Ajaba cannot stand them: But the most madden-
ing thing about the Mayi'o is the fact that they take their
words quite seriously; by allaccounts, they sincerely buy into
the notion of the Changing Breeds working closely to-
gether, of them sharing information and resources to fight
the Wyrm, and of their coming to one another's aid in times
of trouble. Even Kisasi, who hates the Mayi'o king more
than anyone, has found much to admire about the Simba
lords,-sormething that galls her to no end.

The. Mayi'o operate primarily -in .che Kalahari-and
Okavango region, and they have made a number of friends
and enemies there in the years since Black Tooth's death.
‘They have pressed the Swara into the service of the Ahadi,
but at the same time have expanded the cerritory allocated
to the surviving cheetah populations in southern Africa.
The time-honored tradition of lions preying upon cheetah
cubs has been greatly slowed, even in cases where there are
no Swara directly involved. The Swara have mixed feelings
about this; the Simba may be bastards,-but who can fault
thern when they're being so reasonable about it?

Hakimu is also close to Strongest Son, the crafty Kucha
Ekundu.who was instrumental in forging the southern
Ahadi council.. Hakimu coordinates efforts by the Garou
and the Swara to investigate the disturbances ir the Kalahari,
sharing his information with shapeshifters throughout Af-
ricain an effort to learn exactly what is going om. He suspects
the problem may be connected to a similar situation in
Egypt, but he is finding the Bubasti difficult to talk to, and
his influence there is limited. In rhe meantirive, he rules his
people with an iron fist, forcing them to cooperate with all
the Changers of the land and earning them a bizarre mixture
of irritation and gratitude as a result.

MIE

For such a serene and placid race, the Mokolé have been
rather active lately. Keenly aware of the implications of the
Ahadi, Sand's-Last-King has been working feverishly to co-opt
the services of the other Changers to the Mokolé cause. He's
sent Silent Striders into the Umbra in an attempt to find out
why no Crowned Mokolé have been born in recent years, and
whispered secrets to the Bubasti to help them fight against the
vampires of Cairo. He's further convinced the mystical cats to
investigate the odd events paralyzing the city's Ratkin, effec-
tively helping the wererats whether they care for it or not. His
manipulations have not gone unnoticed, but they corne at a
particularly auspicious time: between the corruption of Egypt's
Bone Gnawers, a rogue camp of the Silent Striders, and the
paranoia of the Ratkin, the shapeshifters of Cairo may soon find
themselves in the midst ofa civil war. The Ahadi races arenow
inastrong position to dictare the terms of that war, if they don't
manage to stop it before it begins.

Meanwhile,-in West Africa, the Mokolé of Swims-in-
Mbembe's-Wake's clutch is pursuing altogether different
ends. The Bagheera of the Tai rainforest have called upon the
Mokolé for help, since they've learned that a Bane of great
power has taken refuge deep in the heart of the forest. They

SS

Chapter Five: The AAadi

are uncertain as to where it carne from, knowing only that it
showed up after Black Tooth's death. The two allies are
fighting against the clock, since the combination of human
interaction and Wyrmish influence ensures that the forest
will be destroyed within a decade if the Bane isn't stopped.
Swim's-in-Mbembe's-W/ake has considered the possibility of
inviting the Garou tohelp them, bur the Bagheera areskittish
about the idea; asa result, the Mokolé elder has spoken toa
nurmber of Silent Striders about the topic in confidence, and
there's been some talk of setting up some sort of joint effort if
the Bagheera can be convinced to let the Garou in. Unfortu-
nately, the Ahadi only mandates that Changing Breeds
provide assistance when asked; it does not allow others to
force their hand, no matter how justified such action may be.

SLES PESDOLL

Of all the Changing Breeds of Africa, the Silent Strid-
ers have easily been the most active in recent months, and
that's primarily due to the efforts of Walks-With-Might.
Between near-daily assaults on vampire nests throughout
North Africa, ifivestigation of the Bone Gnawers and even
rogue camps of the Striders themselves, and intense efforts
to control the effects of human fighting across the conti-
nent, the Garou have been very busy. Such activity has a
price, however. Walks-W/ith-Might is gaining a reputation
for being a militant zealot, and while his heartfelt respect for
the ways of the Fera is appreciated the fact remains that he
spends an awful lot of time fighting vampires. Many of the
other shifters in Africa are beginning to wonder if they don't
have better things to do with their time.. Yes, varnpires are
repugnant beasts, abominations in the eyes of Gaia, but they
are not direct minions of the Wyrm, and many of the
problems plaguing the Changing Breeds today seern a bit
more pressing and immediate than killing off a bunch of
Leeches. None will say this to Walks-With-Might directly,
because he is among the fiercest and most committed of
Gaia's warriors in the world today. But the rumblings of
dissent are. there nonetheless, and Walks will have to
diversify his activities if he hopes to maintain faith in the
boundless opportunity the Ahadi has to offer.

SA aE

Mostofthe Ahadi races joined in the covenant willingly,
but that's not quite the case with the Swara. lt would be more
accurate to say they were "recruited" to the cause by Hakimu
and his Mayi'o Simba, and they're not happy about it. To be
fair, their fortunes have improved markedly since Black
Tooth's fall; their territories are more secure than ever, and
the spirits of the land rejoice in the newfound unity of many
of Africa's children. All well and good, but nobody likes
having their destiny charted for them, particularly when it's
by a group that ar one point was a sworn enemy. The fact that
the Swara's affinicy with the spirit world has become common
knowledge hasn't helped; now they've been pressed into
service as ersatz Corax or Garou, and this has driven the
paranoid cats ro the brink of madness.

215

ee ea SE LINN

t

J

Easing the Swara's introduction to the Ahadi and the
greater African shapeshifter community are a number of
unexpected friends. The Swara don't particularly want these
friends —— really, they just want to be left alone, and they tend
to be pretty paranoid about friendship anyway —— but they
have them nonetheless. When the Kucha Ekundu were losing
their Kin to disternper, ‘the feline Swara Tinus Grellman
helped protect what remained of the Talons' healthy Kin, and
in the process quite possibly saved the African Garou from
extinction. Meanwhile, the Swara of Kenya search the Um-
bra at the behest of the Bagheera, charting the map of Africa's
spirit world so that the Ahadi can do its work. This makes the
Bagheera very happy, but leaves the Swara feeling over-
whelmed and oversrressed. Elsewhere, a trio of Swara worked
closely with, of all people, Rokea, in hopes of finding a way to
protect the weresharks from their oceanic brethren..They
succeeded, and earned the respect and admiration.of the
betweener Rokea asa result. The gratitude is nice, bur the
Swara just wish everyone would leave them alone. More than
one has wondered why they can't just be useless beings, much
like the Ananasi, but the spirits won't hear of it.

Currently, the Swara are investigating the menace that
lurks beneath the sands of the Kalahari, and what they've
found cerrifies them..They don'r know how Black Tooth
managed to keep this thing in check, bur it's certain thar if
they don't rediscover his trick soon the world will become an
extremely unpleasant place in which to live.

Many Fera have opred to join with the Ahadi, en masse,
but just as many have chosen to chart their own courses
instead. Some of these groups do not have adequate represen-
tation in Africa to contribute to the Ahadi cause. Orhers
siinply value their independence too much to commit to a
common code of conduct. Still others find the notion appall-
ing, or too good to be true.-In all cases, however, some
members of these Fera will join up with the Ahadi on their
own; they simply cannot resist the potential the Ahadi offers,
and they know that holding the organization at arm's lengrh
can only hurt them in the end. Fortunately, it is Ahadi policy
to aécept any Fera shapeshifter who expresses interest in the
cause, so the occasional oddball is nor uncommon.

AT aE

The Andnasi have not joined the Ahadi, and they will
not do so in the future. They are too alien for its ways, and
its tenets of shared information and cooperation with those
mot of their kind are anathema to the spider shifrers.. This
does not mean, however, that they have no interest in the
Ahadi or its activities. Indeed, it does not even mean that
Ananasi do not associate with members of the Ahadi when
the opportunity presents itself -—— presuming, of course, thar
the Ovid can stand to be around them.

Each faction ‘of the Ananasi appreciates the Ahadi for
different reasons. The Tenere find it fascinaring because to
them it represents a shift in Ovid behavior roward a more

216

constructive; Weaver-influenced method of interaction: The
Ahadi races aré operating in concert, and this pleases the
‘Tenere because in some small way it helps to restore the balance
between the members of the Triat. It is mostly the Secean of the
Tenere (the Tenere's Myrmidons) who follow the activities of
the Ahadi, and it is they who are most likely to approach the
Ovid in hopes of coordinating efforts against a particular threat.

"The Harar are a fierce and violent sect of the Ananasi, but
they are dedicated ro restoring the Balance aspect of the Wyrrn,
and they find that the Ahadii is useful for that purpose.. The
Silent Striders' crusade against vampires is of particular interest
to°them, since the Leeches' activities subtly reinforce the
Defiler aspectof the Wyrm, even ifsuch isnot theirintentr. Both
the Agere (Myrmidon) and Anomia (Viskr) factions of the
Harar might have some interaction with the Ovid,.the one
because they act much as the Striders do and the other because
they hope to manipulate events to serve their own ends.

"The final faction of the Ananasi, the Kumoti, is an odd
bunch... They appreciate the Ahadi because it loosens
humanity's oppressive grasp on the natural world, ‘but also
because it fights with great conviction against the minions of
the Wyrm who seek to corrupt the land. The Amari Aliquid
(Viskr) are particularly drawn to Ahadi affairs, since the
Ahhadi is all about action and constantly working for change.

No matter their affiliation, Ananasi dotheir best tokeep
the Ahadi at asafe distance. Much assome of them might like
to take advantage of its resources, they know thar their
presence would only unnerve the Ovid, and thatis something
thar must be avoided if the Ahadi is to do its work.

COREE

It's said ‘that when the Ahadi principles were being
drawn up, the Corax were invited to the proceedings just like
everyone else. They looked at the proposed rules of conduct,
scratched their heads and said, "Don't we do all of this
anyway?" A look at the faces of rhose present indicated that
was not the case, but the Corax have always been unusual in.
the fact that they've never really shirked their duties to Gaia
in the least. They're chatty with everyone, and they love to

Players Guide to the Changing Breeds

LEE LT PA YT A

Otte 7 Ue Necked. HEAL.

: While.the Corax proper have no-official presence :
within the Ahadi,the same is nor true for their south-
| erh cousins, the Makunguru. "These Corax, who: breed
with the white-necked ravens of eastern and southern: ©
| Africa, enjoy .a close rapport with most of. Africa's
Changing Breeds, and as aresult they were quick ro join
up with the Ahadi once the opportunity arose. Ithasn't
changed their operating procedure much, since they've
always been willing and eager to..share any and all) |
information available to them, but they like the feeling
of being part of the group. For their part, the other.
factions of the Ahadi like knowing the Makunguru are
available .t6° facilitate Communication between the
various shapeshifters of Africa:


pass on stories arid information. Most of it isn't terribly
relevant, but that's hardly their fault. It is, after all,
important to get the details right, is it not?

In. any event, the Corax haven't seen any real.
need to join up with the Ahadi. They don't abject to
the idea — they love it, actually —— but since it wori't
change the way they interact with anyone else rhey
just don't see the point. Regardless of rhe formalities
involved, the Corax are, for all intents and purposes,
de facto members of the Ahadi, and are treated assuch
by all involved.

KE

Africa's Ratkin have gone to the dogs: In some
cases this is literally true, as the Ratkin fall in scuffles
with corrupted Bone Gnawers in Egypt and Black
Spiral Dancers in Nigeria and elsewhere.-But the
aphorism holds true in other regions as well, as the
Ratkin's paranoia has risen to heights that make the
Swara look positively open-minded... They have, for
all intents and purposes, complerely lost touch with
Gaia, fallen to the madness that infests the cities and
the sickness that pervades the wilds. Lord Ebola of the
Congo has repeatedly turned down offers of alliance
with arybody, be they Bagheera,-Mokolé or Garou,
and it doesn't look like he'll be changing his tune
anytime soon: As such, he's regarded as an enemy by
most of the Ahadi races.

Such is the official Ratkin party line. Unoffi-
cially, however, there are many Ratkin who aré eager
to join up with the Ahadi. Paranoia only takes you so
far, and the whole Ahad thing starts looking damn
attractive once you're convinced it isn't just-some
stupid sham to capitalize on the lesser Breeds.

What .is particularly surprising is that a few
wererats have hinted to the Council about the exist-
ence of a few of their Umbral tunnel networks, one of
which is said to actually lead to South. America,
where they hook up with the tunnels of the Borrachon
in the Amazon rainforest. These subversives have
been talking ofa coup against Ebola, which, if success-
fal, might link two of the oldest and most important
of Gaia's sacred sites in the world. The possibilities for
the Amazon war are obvious, bur the renegades can't
get too carried away —= yer. After all, opening up
Ratkin tunnel networks for general Changer use is a
ridiculously generous thing to do, the sort of thing
that would make it all too easy for the other shifters to
rassacre the Ratkin like another War of Rage ——
should they be so inclined. Even relatively open-
minded Ratkin would tend to look on such a proposal
with the same horror that Garou would view the offer
ro share their caerns with any and all supernatural
comers. The extremists must play carefully, or they're
sure to be executed for racial treason.


eked

The few Rokea who walk the shores of Africa arer't
terribly organized, but those who've heard of the Ahadi find
it interesting. They aren't terribly clear on why the surface-
dwellers haven't been doing this sort of thing in the past, but
they still think it's a rather good idea. Unfortunately, they
have their own problems to deal with at the moment. Shreds-
the-Surface, the terrifying Karkha (white shark) wereshark
whose rampages have drawn unwanted attention to the
Rokea, has gained a fair number of converts, and he and his
slew are visiting tremendous destruction all along the Atlan-
tic coast. To their credit, they are also cleaning up the
humans'. messes, swallowing all of the pollution the Wyrm's
foul industry can produce, but the Changers who know what's
going on know that something must be done, and scon. The
chaos throughout southern Africa is providing them with
some cover for now, but no one knows how long it will last.

The Dal Come

The law code of the Ahhadi is in facta number of treaties
interconnected by a common set of precepts agreed to by all
members. The treaties are rather arcane, involving spirit
pacts as well as more traditional written agreements, but the
shared code of conduct members are expected to follow is
surprisingly simple. All Ahadi members generally recognize
the following rules and agreements :

Members must perform their duties to Gaia above all
others.

The Theory: Essentially, this rule means that Ahadi busi-
hess must always come first, and trumps internal matters (within
reason). Obviously, this does not extend to pacts or behaviors
mandated by Gaia; it mostly covers tribal politics and inter-Breed
feuds (such as that between the Ajaba and the Simba).

The Reality: Most Ahadi Breeds pay lip service to this
rule, but work around it when they can. The Amadu'o and
older Ajaba are the most notorious violators of the rule, bur
the Striders have been known to focus excessively on their
feuds with vampires, and the Mayi'o have been using it as an
excuse to bully other Breeds into playing by their rules.
Many shapeshifters even see this tenet as a warning not to
let Ahadi business interfere with their Breed's greater duty
to Gaia; after all, there are duties to Gaia, and duties ro the
Ahadi, and it is perilous to confuse the two.

Members must provide aid to other members when called
upon to do so, provided the aid requested lies within their
ability to provide and is in accord with their duties to Gaia.

‘The Theory: This rule is important, since it mandates that
each race serve the others in their capacity as agents of Gaia.
Thus, the Garou must fight when called upon to do so, provided
the battle is necessary and furthers Gaia's ends in some fashion.
Similarly, the Mokolé must be forthcoming with their wisdom
(even if not asked directly}, the Basret must share their secrets,
the Ajaba must learn to fight as the Garou do, and so on.

Players Guide to the CHaNGING Breeds

EE Le A ET TE OY LN

The Reality: This tule works well in some places, and
terribly in others. When the Bastet, Ajaba, and Garou are
present in equal numbers (particularly in Egypt, Tanzania,
and Southern Africa), the rule is enforced and the Ahadi
runs pretty smoothly. In other regions, particularly West
Africa and areas torn by war, this law is all burt unenforce-
able. That might change if the Ratkin join up, since their
presence in Central and West Africa is considerable.

Members must cooperate when possible, even if it
might prove to be inconvenient at the time.

The Theory: Obviously, all of the Breeds perform their
duties to Gaia as best they can; but this rule means they have
to cooperate while doing it. That's difficult, but it fosters a
community spirit and makes it easier to share information and
call upon one another for aid as described in the rule above.

The Reality: Most of the Changing Breeds just don't get
along. They recognize one another's territories and help out
when they can, bur most of the time they just want to be left
alone to do their work in peace. This is particularly true of the
Bagheera the"werepanthers are perhaps the strongest
philosophical supporters of the Ahadi, but they aren't team
players by nature and don't function well in a pack setting.
"This rule is thus more of an ideal case than atvéxpected norm.

The organizational structure of member races must
remain intact.

The Theory: This is a viral law. Essentially, this means
that no -Ahadi member ‘can..force another group of
shapeshifters to adopt its way of doing things; Garou work in
packs, but Bastet don't,-and the Garou cannot expect nor
require that they do so. Instead, the Garou must learn how
the Basret chink, and vice versa, and must figure out how
they mighr integrate their activities for mutual benefit.

The Reality: This rule works pretty much as written.
The Ahadi Breeds quickly realized thar they just wouldn't
get anywhere if each insisted that everyone else do things
their way, so rio one bothers to try.

The spirit pacts of all member ‘races must be re-
spécted, even if they are foreign.

The Theory: While Garou make pacts with totems,
the Bastet form alliances with Jamak. So it goes with all of
the Changers, and this rule makes sure they all respect those
pacts whenever possible.

The Reality: This rule doesn't come up much; since
Spirit pacts are by riature private affairs. None of the Ahadi
Breeds seem to have any difficulty in following it.

Caerns and other holy places must be open for use by
all Ahadi members, provided the use is reasonable and in
accord with Gaia's interests. : :

The Theory: This mostly affects the Ajaba, the Garou
and the Simba,.as the other Ahadi members don't make
heavy use of caerns. It also applies to all Bastet Den-Realims,
though; those have to be respected, and the Breeds have to
be mindful of where they are.


‘The Reality: Caerns are holy places, arid even
the most wise and welcoming of shapeshifters may
have difficulty opening their holy places for public
use. The Kucha Ekundu worry that the free coming
and going of homids in their caern will infuriate
Griffin, while the Silent Striders have so few caerns
of their own that some feel very put-upon to share
openly whar few places they can call home... The
Ajaba do not allow Simba to use their caern in
Neorongoro Crater without explicit imstructions
from a ranking Ahadi member (typically Kisasi),
and the Simba only grudgingly allow non-Bastet to
use their caer in South Africa. This rule rends to
be followed without question (although not with-
out grumbling) only when a major war council is
called; at other times, this isclearly the tenet of the
Ahadi code that needs the most work.

Shared LS itg0rar

Since the advent of the Ahadi, the Chang-
ing Breeds of Africa have worked together to
create a number of rites and fetishes meant to be
used by all of Africa's shapeshifters. A few of
these aré described below.

Caert: Tove
Ae Of Cormier
Lével One
This rice functions in much che saivie way as the
Garou Moor Rite, save for rhe fact that it is designed
to open multi-Breed moots..Each of the Ahadi
Breeds is honored in turn, and each calls out to Gaia
in hisorherown manner. If performed at acaérn, the
rite is functionally identical to the Moor Rire.
Otherwise, ic functions in a manner similar to the
Bastert rite of Caliah, replenishing the participants'
Gnosis and filling them with a sense of well-being.
System: When performed at .a caern, the
system is identical to that of the Moot Rite.
Otherwise, every two successes on astandard roll
gives each participant in the rite one temporary
Gnosis (round up). Each participant may only
benefit from one Rire of Communion per month.
Mihyte Safar
Ais! Te
Level Five
This rite is a sacred covenant designed to
link the destinies of all participants inthe eyes of
Gaia and all who serve Her. Entering into such
an alliance is no small matter, and a Changing
Breed's choice to do so is typically an event of
historic significance. This is the rite used to
create the Ahadi alliance, and the focus of the
rite was, ironically enough, Black Tooth's skull.


System: ‘To perform the rite, each participant donates
orie permanent Gnosis point to bind a powerful Wyld spirit
to a stone tablet, clay pot, or other item of significance. So
long as all members of the group abide by the terms of the
Ahadi, none suffer any ill effeces: Should any one of them
violate the terms of the agreement, however, the Wyld spirit
is released to harass and possibly destroy the offending party
(and perhaps the other rite participants as well).

FLL CL
Faker of Feeege
Level One, Gnosis 3

This simple item indicates its possessor is'a tnembér of
the Ahadi. It has no real power of its own; bur it does add one

220

die to all social rolls with other Ahadi memibers.It also
allows the user to demand aid from local shapeshifters and
their Kin according cto the tenets of the Ahadi Code, so long
as the demands are reasonable.

PU Aha

Level Three, Gnosis 5

Designed by the homid Kin of the Ahadi bréeds, these
masks are only usable in Homid form. The Ajaba and Simba
especially favor them, but most African shifters make use of
them to a greater or lesser extent. Once activated, all foes
engaging the user in melee combat lose two dice from all
combat dice pools.

Players Guide fo the Changing Breeds

LEP A Te CT tii 7

|


train books
WEREWOLF: THE APOCALYPSE (REVISED)

w/V/SS8OF
$LZIOS VAS.

The core rulebook of the
game of Savage Horror. Hardcover.

WEREWOLF PLAYERS GUIVE SECOND EPITION
wWhaistos
$25.00 U5.

AU kinds of new rules and
Traits for Werewolf players.

WEREWOLF STORYTELLERS HAN PBOOK
WIV S205
$78.00 LS.

All the secrets that Werewolf
Stotytellers need to know.

Tribebooks contain vital character information for players and Storytellers.

TRIBEBOOK: BLACK FURTES LITANY OF THE TRIBES VOLUMET LITANY OF THE TRIBES VOLUOAE 3
KREVTSED) one WW3 380 $20.00 U.S. WIW/3382 $20.00 US.

WW3851 $14.95 : : : Combines the Children of Gaia, Bone Combines the Red Talons, Shadowlords

: ; Gnawers and Black Furies Tribebooks. and Silenr Striders Tribebooks:
FRIBEBOOK! BONE GNAWERS oo
CREYISED) LITARIY OF THE TRIBES VOLUUAAE 2 LITANY OF THE TRIBES VOLUUGAE +
WW3852 $14.95.ULS..S) WW3381 $20.00 U.S. WW3383 $22.95 ULS>

Combines the Ger of Fenris, Fiarina Combines the. Silver Fangs, Stargazers,

and Glasswalkers Tribebooks. Uktrena anc Wencdieo Tribebooks.-

a a
Beasts in Human Skin

The wolves cannot be everywhere at once. In the deep jungles and wide savannas, in
the stormy skies and the darkest seas, other werebeasts hunt. Serpents with the cunning of
humans glide in the darkness, jaguar warriors offer bloody sacrifices to their gods, and cunning
spiders weave their spells to catch prey. The other Changing Breeds have been pushed to
the brink — but now they're pushing back. They will take their rightful place under Sun
and Moon, or die in the trying.

Tiger and Vragon, Raven and Rat

The other werebeasts of the World of Darkness are brought fully to light in this hardback,
allowing players and Storytellers to integrate these shapeshifters into a chronicle. Each of
the eleven different Changing Breeds is covered in detail, along with the mysterious alliances
among their kind. Storytellers searching for the perfect new antagonist for a game or players
interested in stepping into the skin of a different werebeast are both welcome here; now
there are more options for Werewolf than ever.

Players Guide to the Changing cask contains:

e Details on the eleven Changing Breeds other than Garou, from the Ajaba hyenas to
the Rokea sharks :

e Character creation information, including Gifts, rites and fetishes, allowing characters
of any Breed

e Details on the Beast Courts of Asia, the Ahadi of Africa, and more

WWW. WHiTE- Wo

Raa SS, Ne i arom:

EREWOLF

etait' Oe = ae
