# File: Player's Guide (revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

-

A player and characte, Rresoun@e for vampire: The Masquerade




By Kraic BLACKWELDER, CARL Bowen, ANN BRAIDWOOD,
JACQUELINE BRASFIELD, CHRISTOPHER GUNNING, CONRAD HuBBARD,
Evan Jamieson, Jim Kir ey, CHRISTOPHER KOBAR, RHIANNONL ouve,
ARIMARMELL,MATT MCFARLAND, Patrick O'TDurry,CHiIp Quinn,
AARON ROSENBERG, MYRANDA SARRO, DEAN SHOMSHAH,
GReG STOLZE, ADAM TINWORTH AND JANET TRAUTVETTER

VAMpIRE CREATED BY MARH ReIN® HAGEN



Once the game is over, the king and

the pawn go back in the same box.
talian Proverb


CREDITS

Written by: Kraig Blackwelder, Carl Bowen, Ann
Braidwood, Jacqueline Brasfield, Christopher Gunning,
Conrad Hubbard, Evan Jamieson, Jim Kiley, Christo-
pher Kobar, Rhiannon Louve, Ari Marmell, Matt
McFarland, Patrick O'Duffy, Chip Quinn, Aaron
Rosenberg, Myranda Sarro, Dean Shomshak, Greg
Stolze, Adam Tinworth and Janet Trautvetter. Vam-
pire and the World of Darkness created by Mark
Reine Hagen.

Storyteller Game System Design:

Mark Reine Hagen

Additional Material: Justin Achilli

Developed by: Justin Achilli

Editor: Janice M. Sellers

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout & Typesetting: Mike Chaney

Interior Art: Mike Gaydos, Leif Jones, Vince Locke,
Rik Martin, and Christopher Shy.

Front Cover Art: Mike Danza

Front & Back Cover Design: Mike Chaney

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.

155 4 I ) Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher

for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for

d querade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter

the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are regis-

30083 tered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights

reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion,

Sh Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage

PUBLISHING the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity and

Vampire Players Guide are trademarks of White Wolf Publish-

ing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing,

Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or

copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are

fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised.
For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA


TABLE OFCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION
Section One: THE CHARACTER
Section Two: THe TRoupe

Section THREE: Essars

78

144


My work is a game, a very serious game.

—M.C. Escher

WHYA
Piaver'sGumpe?

If you're one of the hard-core, old-school
Vampire fans, you'll see that this iteration of the
player's guide is significantly different from its
distant predecessor. If you weren't around for the
first and second edition player's guides, you may
be wondering what's left to explore in this for-
mat. We've covered all the clans, explored some
minor bloodlines, dealt with the Secondary Abili-
ties and handled more Disciplines than any mere
mortal should shake a stick at.

What we're seeking to do here, however, is
break the contents of the book a little bit away
from the game proper. This book is a metagaming
tesource, a chance to look at Vampire chronicles
from the outside in. It's a true player's guide — a
guide for the player to use and enhance his

7

storytelling experience. More so than the old
book of the same title, this book speaks directly to
players (including Storytellers). It's set up some-
what unconventionally as well, not broken into
chapters but instead subdivided by topics.

You'll find a few rules systems in here: rules
for creating mortal characters, experience point
spending suggestions and the like. For the most
part, though, what you'll find is a collection of
commentary. The writers for this book were told,
"Imagine yourself, a writer, seated behind a
panel discussion table at a convention, imparting
your wisdom to the assembled players who have
come to hear you speak." We're here to discuss
Vampire, hoping to stoke some new ideas and
look at how we've played the game this far.

Unquestionably, when we go to play a
storytelling game, we gather around the table
with our friends, as we've done a thousand other
times. We anticipate a night of entertainment,

Inmoouction


tivals to contend with, gambits to uncover and __tules (from Section One) first and play through her
schemes to unravel. The point is that we come to Embrace later, or you may take inspiration from a
the table with expectations. That's not necessar- _ unique interpretation of your character's Traits. What-
ily a bad thing — we expect to have a good time, __ ever your tastes, you'll surely find information useful
which is why we gather to tell these types of toward making your first several stories a more enrich-
stories. We do have a little bit of room to change __ ing experience.
those expectations, however, and that's what this
book is about. Herein you'll find numerous op- INTERMEDIATE ENTHUSIASTS
tions for styles of play, chronicles to undertake, You're driven by your thirst for more. Some
characters to portray and aspects of those charac- _ people know more of the secret world than you,
ters to explore. That's really what this book is: a _ but you have a general sense of how things work in
collection of options designed to change expecta- the World of Darkness. You can distinguish be-
tions of the game and the methods of playing it. _ tween the clues that suggest a Nosferatu blackmail
operation and a Brujah extortion ring — and
THe Pp OINT you're clever enough to see that the Ventrue truly
behind the racket is trying to misdirect everyone
OF It AL L with the ruse. The only downside to this level of
familiarity with Vampire is that it often ceases to
Over the years of working on Vampire, we'vecome be personal. Clans become organizations rather
torecognize three distinct groups with regard toplayers. than lineages. Horror takes a back seat to compli-
The first group is the one that's been with usall along, cation, as Storytellers add layer upon layer of red
through many supplements and editions. The second herring to otherwise straightforward plots with a
group is made up of people who are experienced with "more is better" philosophy. Players automati-
the game but haven't been in it so long that they know _cally assume some nefarious cabal of supernatural
all the mysteries and can quote page numbers or com- creatures is responsible for every development in
plete Kindred "family trees." The third group consistsof the world — a slaying with occult overtones is
the fresh faces, those individuals who have just picked obviously a Tremere issue, while the opening of a
up a book or two and see the entire malignant majesty new art gallery no doubt has a list of patrons from
of the World of Darkness spread out before them. Clan Toreador as long as one's arm.
(These groups are respectively like metasetting versions In this player's guide's pages you'll find tech-
of the elders, ancillae and neonates. Then again, maybe niques that free you from this stagnating mindset,
we're just being geeky when we think of it that way.) and tips and suggestions that can help you bring it
This book is designed to appeal to all three groups. back to the visceral level of personal horror again.
New to tHt HORROR THe Hoary Experts
Without a doubt, the best time to play Vam- Eventually, we all get to the point at which we feel
pire is when you're new to it. The world sprawling _|ike it's not new anymore. We've seen all the primogen
before you has a cast of unknown horrors. The meetings we care to, outfoxed every archbishop who'd
society of the Damned looms tremendously above Jet usand claimed princedoms out from under the noses
you, with tiers of vampiric conspiracy hiding ter- of Kindred centuries older than us. Let's face it: Some-
tible secrets. Even the shadows could be a threat, times the sense of wonder just isn't there anymore
looming longer and possibly concealing secrets _hecause we've been so steeped in it forso long. We know
the likes of which you have only learned about. all the secrets because we've either read them through
Unfortunately, sometimes beinganew playermeans or played them in a chronicle.
that you don't take full advantage of the situation. Too That doesn't mean we can't still enjoy Vampire,
many of us have wasted so much of that formative time however. Sometimes the best way to renew your enthu-
focusing on, "Whoah! And then I can tum invisible and m for the game is simply to take a break, to come
then I can throw fireballs!" While that'sall fineand good pack once your sense of having done it all recedes a bit.
if that's all you want to do, this book presents a wealth Qn the other hand, you may just need a change of pace.
of information on building character froma perspective Several articles in this book look at some new ways to
that people new to the system don't always consider. experience the game, and one of the essays even talks
You may wish to create your character using the mortal about burnout and how to remedy it.
Vawenre PLavers Guide

8


GENERAL
SUGGESTIONS

Of course, we all know how to play storytelling
games. We know, as players, that we describe our
actions to the Storyteller and we know, as Story-
tellers, that we are the five senses (and sometimes
the sixth sense!) of the players! characters as well
as the general plot director.

How do we make the experience uniquely Vam-
pire, however? How do we make our in-character efforts
more immersive? How can we speak and evoke a secret
ciety rather than making the specialized vocabulary
awkward or artificial?

Consider, before going any more deeply into
this book, some of the fundamentals of the game
and also as part of the setting. We incorporate
these ideas on a design level, so we hope our
setting them plainly before you will help you see
exactly where we want to go when we assemble
books. Don't think of these ideas as gospel — use
them as guidelines if you wish or ignore them
completely. They exist as part of the effort to

make Vampire consistent throughout its publica-
tion, and we hope they'll be able to provide a basis
of understanding for what it is we do and why.

SPECIALIZED VOCABULARY

The Kindred use many words that either have
additional meaning to them or acquire a dis-
tinctly different meaning among their ilk. This
isn't truly a lexicon, as the following list consists
of words that you already know, but it is a little
cheat sheet that will allow you to take some of the
metagame aspects out of your chronicle's context.
In some cases, they're common considerations of
the undead condition, while in others they're
simply observances from a design point of view.

Life, lived, etc.: Vampires are undead. They
lead unlives. They exist. They make their havens in
certain places. They don't live anywhere and they
don't see what life has to offer.

Daytime: Your vampire escapes to fight an-
other night, not day. She awakens three nights
from now. Daytime applies only to literal day-
time, like when the ghouls do their thing and the
banks are open.

InstropucTiON

| (a

9

Control: Vampires influence — they are ma-
nipulators, not dictators. Fundamentally, control
indicates a complete power over something. You
control your car or a character in a video game.
Could anyone truly control a police force or local
media? Unlikely, but it's possible to have signifi-
cant sway over those institutions. Influence —
that's a better word, and also carries connotations
of degree.

Manipulate: That word doesn't mean any-
thing unless you inform us as to just what
"manipulation" took place. If you use manipulate
without qualifying or quantifying it, you might
want to turn a little more attention to the matter
of what the character in question is actually do-
ing.

Corrupt, Corruption: Long associated with
the Setites, the word corrupt means ... well, noth-
ing. It should always suggest something vague and
sinister, but the lack of concrete symptoms or
causes of corruption makes it an empty descriptor.
A corrupt politician is on the take; a corrupt
banker embezzles. If you wish to use this word, as
with manipulation, make sure it has context.
Generic corruption lacks any emotional impact.

Serves, serving: This should apply only to
literal minions: people such as Retainers and oth-
ers who do exactly what you tell them A waiter
serves you. Minions with more free will may un-
knowingly serve an agenda, but they're rarely at
the beck and call of ancient vampires, who are far
more subtle than military generals, and typically
unlikely to be moving their slavish ghouls around
Chicago to see who controls the city.

Dark: Talk about overused! Once a time ex-
isted when this word could be used to describe
unwholesomeness and unsettling, intangible evil.
Now, however, the word has been robbed of all
meaning by ubiquity. Better descriptors exist for
those other things — "dark" means a lack of light.

Garou: Vampires shouldn't know this word
unless you're working with crossover. They like-
wise are largely unaware of tribes, Traditions,
kiths, guilds, Federation Directives and other stuff
not directly a part of Vampire. They don't know
the Umbra from a hole in the ground. Some
vampires familiar with necromancy are privy to
the existence of the Shroud, Shadowlands and
Underworld, but they won't be able to discuss it
intelligently or with relation to things like Stygia,
renegades, etc.

Kindred vs. Cainite: The Camarilla says Kin-
dred, as do most vampires. Sabbat vampires,
however, use the word Cainite, as Kindred sounds
all nancy-fancy to them. Particularly old elders
also prefer Cainite because they may have pre-
dated the formation of the sects. Most actual
vampires avoid the term vampire a shamefully
vulgar.

Ghoul: Avoid the use of the word ghoul as a
verb. It's awkward and metagamey and just plain
odd in a weird, vaguely unsettling way. Kinda like
using Shatner as a verb. Just say no.

++. Serve the clan ...: What's your last name?
Do you serve your family? What's your national-
ity? Do you serve your nation? No, you're just a
person. That's what your clan is — it's just an-
other characteristic. Note that this phrase is
applicable in a select few cases, such as justicars
serving the Camarilla, templars occasionally serv-
ing their bishops, etc., but you do not (generally)
serve your clan unless you have attained some sort
of rank within it that demands an according ser-
vice. It happens a little in the Assamites.
Somewhat in the Giovanni. Most often in the
Tremere, but even that is a relative statement. On
that note ....

++» Loyal clan member ...: Bear in mind that
your clan is not your employer. The vast majority
of the time it's not your military commander.
Relying on notions like these strips the individu-
ality out of Kindred and forces them into rigid
roles. Granted, many elders want the neonates to
think such things, but unless you're using this in
that propagandist context, you may be taking free
will away from your character.

PRINCIPLES

The following ideas are directives and themes
the writers and developers use to keep Vampire
on a consistent track. Think about them as play-
ers and Storytellers and perhaps even discuss them
with your troupe. Decide which you like and
which should be suspended to maximize your
group's enjoyment of the game.

¢ Remember that being a vampire is a curse.
Vampires feed on the living, burn in the light of
the sun and contain a turgid Beast. No one is
"rewarded" with the Embrace unless it's a back-
handed reward, intended to be as much
punishment as prize. Only the most bizarre or
twisted individual actually wants the Embrace —

awe Players Gue

10


unless that character has an imperfect under-
standing of what being a vampire is.

¢ Remember that Disciplines are just that,
not superpowers. They're the supernatural abili-
ties of a predator race, not laser blasts from a
superhero's electro-fists

¢ Think through your characters' motiva-
tions. Characters need to be ... well, characters,
and not cardboard cutouts or plot devices. Trick-
ster characters, for example, don't just hop

around and "cause chaos," they need to have
purpose for the actions they undertake

¢ Bear in mind that survival is issue number
one. Vampires need blood. Vampires need to
hide from a mortal world that would destroy
them if it knew they existed. Vampires need
contact with others of their kind, for they are
egotistical creatures and need to feel that they
are vital to the unlives of others. Everything
else is a creature comfort

¢ Go ahead and be a drama queen. It's the
end of the world when a Ventrue slights a To-
reador, or when a Nosferatu dares to steal a
Tremere's magic trinket. For all their glamor-
ous veneers, most vampires are little more than
arrested adolescents. As vampirism "freezes"
one's physical development, so does it freeze
her emotional development as well. Vampires
' than
they are when they're Embraced. Revisit your

don't (usually) become any more "mature

high-school years

¢ Be stylish. Survival may be issue number
one, but looking cool while doing it is issue
number two. If you don't look cool, no one will
respect you, and if no one respects you, you're
going to have a hard time at Elysium or the
esbat.

¢ On the other hand, don't be florid. Stylish
is one thing, but overwrought ruins the effect.
It's not cool if we know you're trying to be cool.

¢ Storytellers: Provide noncombat conflicts
and methods by which noncombative characters
can be more effective than the brawlers. Combat
results in getting hurt or getting killed — most
people go out of their way not to get punched in
the mouth. Vampires potentially have forever
laid out before them. Are they going to want to
tisk it by getting in gunfights and sword duels?
Combat should be singular and dramatic, not yet
another panel of this month's action comic. Play

bigger and badder
, and vampires who constantly

ers: There's always something
than you out ther

Ix

RODUCTION

i

pick fights are going to encounter that bigger,
badder thing far more quickly than the vampires
who don't go knocking on death's door.

e When designing a character (or situation,
Storytellers), be accessible. You want to appeal
to as many people as possible and enable every-
one else in the troupe and coterie to "get" your
character. Even if you don't want them to "get"
your characters, they should know that the point
is for them to misunderstand you. If you're too
obtuse, wonkish or esoteric, your idea won't
resonate with people. You can be exotic, of
course, but as with the rest of these principles,
exotic should remain exotic or it's common-
place (at best) or misses the audience entirely
(at worst).

¢ Unless you have a compelling reason not
to, speak in a modern idiom, both as a character
and as a neutral narrator. Don't overburden
your speech with fantasy or faux-medieval in-
flections, even though the setting draws a lot
from it. For example, a cryptic character would
be more likely to say, "I have seen ill omens
regarding your fate" than she would, "Know
this: Secrets I possess regarding your fate." Yoda

is from the Star Wars universe, not Vampire.

Obviously, characters who are anachronisms
may have different patterns of speech, as well
they should, but not everyone who receives the
Embraces talks like the guy working the turkey-
leg booth at the Renaissance Faire.

¢ Vampires ride history, they don't guide it.
It's okay to have a vampire profiteering from
the Industrial Revolution, but your Ventrue did
not cause the Industrial Revolution.

* To that end, heed the mortals. Six billion
of them are out there, after all. Remember the
Masquerade, as well.

© Do use brand-name flash, but don't let it
substitute for actual substance. A detail is cool,
but too much occludes the point of having a
character instead of an equipment list.

© Keep your schemes on the local level. No
vampire — well, none we know about — is cool
enough to affect global or even national issues.
You can make as many Machiavellian schemes
as you want, but they need to stay local to
remain plausible. "I want to rule the world!" is
better suited to action movies and comics than
it is to a brooding environment of horror.

* Know when drama becomes more impor-
tant than maintaining the hidden world. You
may feel limited by much of this, but that's to
make it all the more dramatic when something
comes down the pipe that really needs to be
dramatic. We're not saying you can't have a
gunfight, we're saying that if every night is a
pitched battle through the streets of Chicago
with SWAT teams and helicopters, you lose
much of the sublime nature of Vampire.

¢ Don't resort to cute or pithy comedy.
Being a person who subsists on the warm blood
of his former fellows is a terrifying realization
and condition. Don't have your characters joke
about their fate. It's not funny, it's horrific.

* Don't make your characters Tom Clancy
protagonists. So a given character can use a
rifle there's no need to make him a Navy
SEAL. Vampire is scary because it casts the
mundane ina sinister light. Your neighbor could
be a vampire, and fear comes from the fact that
you wouldn't know and his proximity. Explod-
ing ninja Bruce Willis vampires spouting
one-liners before decapitating a dozen IRA loons
with their three-bladed katanas are out of place
in the World of Darkness.

* Don't overestimate the use of supernatu-
ral power. Given his druthers, a vampire would
prefer to enact his schemes without drawing
attention the fact that
otherworldly is at work. If you Dominate a per-
son into giving you money, that's going to attract
attention if handing you money is out of char-
acter for that individual. If you blackmail him,
well, that at least won't be creating any Mas-
querade breaches. Remember, also, that most
Disciplines require a roll to work — they're not
guaranteed effective.

to something

¢ Don't mine the occult too deeply. Work
primarily with vampire myth and the world
we've built for the Kindred. Leave the rest for
Mage, Werewolf and the other titles that ex-
plore other ideas about the supernatural.

* Don't be too WAHOO! Action is thrill-
ing, but use it to punctuate a scene or illustrate
a theme instead of "throwing in" some combat
for its own sake. You may wish to use some
WAHOO! because monotony is boring, but
make it worthwhile. This is not a modern dun-
geon crawl or wuxia film.

Vawore Pavers Gue

12


1

y
y

How To Use
THIS BOOK

The Vampire Players Guide is broken down
by topical sections rather than the chapters by
which we divide other books in the line. For such
alarge book, we have only three sections, whereas
people familiar with Vampire supplements might
have expected more.

Section One discusses character — individual
characters, that is. Whether you're building a
vampire from the ground up or creating a mortal
through whom you want to contend with the
World of Darkness, the individual is the focus of
the first section. Asa player, you're going to focus
on an individual character at a time. Even if
you're playing a troupe-style game (see Section
Two), you're still portraying those characters sin-
gularly. That's why we've chosen to open the
book with the character section. As a player, the

character is your single most fundamental piece of

ce

game equipment, so we explore their interfz
thoroughly.

Groups of players and characters comprise the
focus of Section Two. This section covers both
the troupe and the pack or coterie. Building upon
the information in Section One, this section makes
provisions for having different players' characters
work together, or new suggestions for player in-
teraction with the game itself.

Essays make up Section Three. Many players
have remarked that they have enjoyed essays over
the years, and this book was the perfect place to
include them. The essays themselv
ber of topics — writers were asked to choose a

s cover anum-

topic that aroused their interest and flesh it out as
regards Vampire. The results are interesting, and
the chapter contains discussions on everything
from giving careful consideration to what a char-
acter thinks about feeding upon blood to helping
players recover from game burnout.

Instroouction

13


Man's main task in life is to give birth to himself, to
become what he potentially is. The most important product of
his effort is his own personality

— Erich Fromm, Man for Himself

What is a storytelling game without characters?
Well, nothing, really. A tableau. A simple setting.
Behind the Storyteller's screen, it's a bunch of cribbed
notes and set-to-happen events with no one to enact
those schemes.

A character, however, is more than just an alter-
nate persona. It's the vehicle by which your troupe's
stories are told. What is a character without a story, to
consider the opposite side of the coin?

Somewhere, the balance must be met. With no
characters, the story goes nowhere. With no story, the
characters might as well be standing around ina feature-
less room.

This chapter explores characters. From mortals just
brought into cognizance of the World of Darkness to
extant characters finding new ways to involve them-
selves in the troupe's escapades, it's all in here. Use your
character to help your troupe find its ideal balance of
storytelling technique.

MORTAL

CHARACTERS

Vampires, those power-mad monsters of the Final
Nights, are terrified of one enemy above all others.
They structure their very society around that fear. It
pervades every level of their midnight society.

The nemesis they fear so much?

Mortals.

Obviously, it's not individual mortals they fear,
typically, but mortals working cooperatively. Human
society is the most potentially dangerous foe the Cainites
know. The princes have a reason to enforce the Mas-
querade (and even the Sabbat observes something
similar — in its own way, of course): The widespread
realization that vampires exist would trigger a full-scale
pogrom that would eclipse even that of the Inquisition.
Mortals have grown increasingly shrewd over the course

Section One: CHaRacteR

15


of centuries, and the technology they now wield only
increases the threat they could pose were the sleeping
giant wakened.

That said, what role do mortals play in your
chronicle? Are they puppets? Prey? Irritants? Ignored? If
that's all mortals do in your chronicle, then you're not
giving the Devil his due.

Far too often, mortals are overlooked entirely. They
may not have much of a chance against vampires in a
one-on-one conflict, but that's the weakest of all pos-
sible ways mortals might figure intoa chronicle. Mortals
are dynamic, creative and alive — all things that
vampires are not. A vampire may be able to snap a
mortal's neck without giving it a second thought, but
the fact remains that vampires are squatters dwelling in
cultures, in a world, created by the mortals they prey
upon. Vampires do not survive long without bearing in
mind that mortals are all around them and outnumber
them thousands to one, if not greatly more so.

Cainites do not exist in a vacuum. Their contacts,
cultists, informants, spies and groupies are probably all
drawn from the mortal population around them. A wise
vampire is unlikely to turn all of his pawns into ghouls,
nor does it make sense for the Cainite to use the blood
bond on every pawn in her stable. Habitués of the
vampiric milieu — the nighttime streets, dance clubs

and warehouses in the dodgy parts of town — aren't
stupid. Mortals see what's happening on a night-to-

night basis. They may not communicate enough to put
theirseparate puzzle pieces together, but they see things.
They know things. And, when they believe that it
might further their self-interest, some mortals approach
vampires and make themselves available for ... what-
ever. Vampires with any street smarts atall learn quickly
to make use of the tools at hand, and they rarely have a
shortage of mortals seeking to curry favor with power
brokers, dead or undead, by whoring themselves out in
one fashion or another.

These mortals, the few who know about — or serve
— vampires, and have enough sense to keep their
knowledge to themselves, may work for separate mas-
ters, but they see enough to put pieces together, to note
each other's faces. They may see each other at night-
clubs or on the same street by the docks night after night
in the company of the same masters. They recognize
something in the other's face, a thinly veiled "I know a
secret" cockiness. They may meet, talk, have drinks.
They may date each other. They compare notes. They
may talk with ghouls, who are often willing to talk about
what they've seen in hopes of parlaying their second-
rate damnation into some meager kind of esteem — or
at least free drinks in exchange for showing off the

strength they derive from their masters' vitae. Some of
these mortals are dim-witted dupes. Others are savvy
predators in their own right, living and possibly thriving
in the margins of vampiric society, like the remoras that
safely swim in and out of a shark's mouth, benefiting
from the crumbs of mayhem and corruption.

These mortals have stories that can be told through
roleplaying. They are not throw-away characters. They
are not fools. They are not naive. They are not blind to
the world unfolding around them. Most especially, they
are not harmless.

Vampires who work with these mortals would be
wise to treat such individuals well. Not only is good help
hard to find, but even a powerful vampire can learn that
it's dangerous to cop a cavalier attitude with his "sup-
port staff." It's notas though mortals can't piece together
puzzles, after all — puzzles such as haven locations, the
identity of a vampire's greatest foe and what one out-
come of a conflict a Cainite most wants to avoid is.

Some mortals need to be dominated (or Domi-
nated), while others do their best work when they are
treated as equals, however much that might gall the
vampire involved. Other mortals are simply in "the
night business" for the money. A lot of cash changes
hands after the sun goes down, and knowing how to put
yourself in the way of its flow is never a bad thing.

THe STORYTELLER
AND MorTAL CHARACTERS,

The Storyteller is free to encourage or prohibit
players from taking mortal characters as she sees fit. The
presence of mortal characters changes the tone of the
game markedly, and that may or may not jibe with the
Storyteller's concept for the chronicle. Don't get upset
if the Storyteller isn't excited about letting you playa
mortal character. In all likelihood, if she's disallowing
mortals, it's probably because they wouldn't last long
enough or, at the very least, wouldn't fit in with the tone
she's hoping for in her particular chronicle. If not this
chronicle, ask her again next time. |

If a player is determined to play a mortal, the Story-
teller should talk with her to find out why. What is the
player hoping to get out of the game by playing a mortal
that she would not get playing vampire ora ghoul? What
are the player's strategies for not being killed or Embraced!
If the player can't answer such questions easily, then the
Storyteller might want to disallow the mortal character in,
favor of one that fits the chronicle better. On the bright
side, even if the player decides halfway through the game
that she really doesn't want to play a mortal character, it's
a very simple problem to fix, the only remaining quest
being who will Embrace the character.

\Vawerre Pavers Gude

16


i
t
?

PLavinc Human

The rules presented here allow you to create a
mortal character. Outside of being capable of walking
in the sun, mortal characters do not have any per-
sonal advantages over vampires. They have fewer
Attribute and Ability points. They do not have
access to Disciplines. They cannot make thralls to
serve them. It's not a role for those who are into
roleplaying for the sense of power.

Why, you might ask, would you want to play a
mortal character when you can take the role of a
ghoul or a vampire and have the benefit of vampiric
Disciplines? A player might opt to take on the chal-
lenge ofa mortal character for any number of reasons,
but variety is right up there at the top of the list. It's
also worth doing for the sheer challenge of keeping a
mortal character alive (and un-Embraced) for the
course of an entire chronicle. Playing a mortal in a
vampire story also gives the mood of the entire
chronicle an infusion of nervousness and edge thatan
all-vampire story simply doesn't have. Whether you're
friend or foe of the Kindred, it's not hard to come up
with some way of working a mortal character into a

story. Vampires, after all, don't use ghouls for all of

their dabbling in the mortal world. On the contrary,
with the arrival of the new breed of hunters (who,
disturbingly, appear to be able to tell when a person
has been turned into a ghoul) on the scene, it makes
increasingly more sense to avoid ghouls, and even the
blood bond, entirely (unless absolutely necessary).
Mortals can be very useful. The rules presented
here give mortals fewer Attribute and Ability points
than a starting vampire character, but some of that
disparity is balanced by their greater number of free-
bie points at character creation. Mortals, then, can
specialize in a field that could, potentially, make
them very useful to a Cainite benefactor. A clever
yampire can take advantage of the skills of almost any
pawn. Some are obvious — detectives, hackers and

If the Storyteller sees the chronicle ultimately
becoming a high-intensity vampire vs. vampire epic, it
might be better to disallow mortal characters. Any
chronicle that' ed around action and vio-
lence is going to be hard for a mortal character to
survive. Ifa mortal does bite the dust, the Embrace may
be an option for keeping the pl:

On the other hand, if the Storyteller intends to run
a film-noir style game, or one based around Kindred

strongly

er in the game.

lawyers can almost always be made useful — others
are just as useful (if not more so), but less obviously.
In the course of her night-to-night business, a vam-
pire frequently might need the services of translators,
financiers or private detectives just as much, if not
more, than those folks who leap immediately to mind.

A player opting to run a mortal character brings
a whole new level of drama to a chronicle. The
fragility of life is highlighted, as are the ethical dilem-
mas of serving a master who would justas readily drink
the character dry as talk to her. What are her motives
for doing so? Curiosity? Love? Misanthropy? Obses-
sion? Addiction? Familial piety? The list of potential
reasons for serving (or merely working in tandem
with) a vampire is a lengthy one. If it seems far-
fetched or unbelievable, think again. People do some
weird, weird shit in real life —smoking, having unsafe
sex, joining cults — and often make choices that are
inexplicable to those around them, so coming up with
an explanation for why a mortal character keeps
company with vampires isn't really all that taxing.

Alternatively, you can have mortals take an
adversarial role in your chronicle. Toe to toe, a mortal
and much of a chance against a vampire.
Then again, that's what strategy and well connected
allies are for. When a small group of mortals learns of
the existence of vampires, it must become a slow and
careful game of strategy if the mortals are to have any
chance of success. Stalking predators is dangerous
business, but it can make for an exciting story.

A dedicated Storyteller might run two games at a
time — one with vampires and one with mortals
discovering the existence of vampires — and at some
climactic point could bring both groups together for
a little mayhem. If the mortals actually wind up
closing in combat with the vampires, it will be a short
ning and plenty of time will exist to create char-
acters for a new game. Otherwise, the vampires could
find that they're up against serious antagonists.

doesn't s

political machinations, the presence of mortals can
heighten the sense of grittiness in the game by acting as
a kind of counterpoint to the jaded vampire characters
or illustrating first-hand what the Kindred have lost in
becoming what they are.

Mixed games comprising vampire, mortal and per-
haps ghoul characters are great for games focusing on
politics or mystery. Mortals also work well in games with
vampires of high generation.

Semon One: CHARACTER

17

Another option that a Storyteller might consider is
a game wherein mortals outnumber vampires. The vam-
pire characters in such a game, used to being the masters
of the night, might gain a better feeling for just why the
Children of Caine bother with the Masquerade at all if
the mortals work together to keep the Kindred in line.

Regardless of the kind of chronicle the Storyteller
has in mind, if the power level of the game is too high
fora mortal character, the Storyteller should be up front
with the player about that fact. Character death is rarely
a fun time for the player, and even if the character is
Embraced, it undermines the player's choice to play a
mortal (though if the player simply wants to play a
mortal for a while as a form of extended prelude, that's
a different story, obviously).

That said, fragility is one of the myriad disadvan-
tages a players takes on when he opts to play a mortal.
The Storyteller has done her duty by warning the player
of that fact up front, and whatever the player opts to do
is then no one's business but his own.

Step One:
CHARACTER CONCEPT

At this point, you need have only a general idea of
your character

sex, age, overall approach to life, that

sort of thing. Paint her with broad brushstrokes now and
refine her later. The more time you spend creating and
playing your mortal, the more fully fleshed out she'll be.

Even here, however, important differences re-
main. More so than normal, it's important to have a
solid concept for a mortal character. Have a strong
sense of what your character is about and why that
character has to be a mortal rather than a vampire or
a ghoul. It's okay to go against the grain of the game a
little as long as you have a reason for doing so. What
kind of mortal is it who's running around with the
undead all night long? Did your character begin as part
of a powerful Ventrue's herd who eventually rebelled?
Was she a blood doll who learned about Kindred by
eavesdropping on the vampires who, thinking her
harmless, fed on her? Has the mortal somehow proven

himself in some significant way to a city's prince? Is he

a traitor to the human race, wanting so badly to
become a Kindred himself that he functions as his
master's proxy during the daylight hours? On the other
hand, is he an experienced and devoted vampire
hunter, cleverly insinuating himself into the vampire's
milieu in preparation for a massive onslaught against
the parasites of humanity?

If you're the Storyteller and you're making a mor-
tal a significant character in your chronicle, you want

i

\Vawoe Players Guine
18

mor
disa
gam
und
may
tap}
righ
is tc
fate
mor
goit
inte

toa
van
bec
con
soc}
his

tho
thir

Ov

it's

pro
ext)
typ}
oni
sim

y

BA

Sampie Concepts
In addition to the sample concepts mentioned
in the Vampire core book, some additional con-
cepts are more appropriate for mortal characters.
¢ Bureaucrat — judge, public official, councilor,
aide, speech writer, intern
* Thrall — blood doll, groupie, addict, toady,
sycophant, secret admirer
* Witch-hunter — Inquisitor, member of the
Arcanum, paranormal investigator, revenger,

NSA agent

to be able to play him to the hilt and distinguish him
from other mortals in your game who may simply be
there as props or food for the vampire characters.
Whether he's a good guy or a bad guy, the key thing is
that he be interesting. In fiction, a compelling charac-
ter is one who captures the readers' attention. In a
Vampire story, it's one who captures the interest of the
other players.

If you're a player
mortal, you'll want to think very carefully about the
disadvantages of playing such a fragile character in a
game centered around the Machiavellian tactics of
undead bloodsuckers. Players with vampire characters
may assume that you're there to be ordered around,
tapped for blood or Embraced (if not brutalized out-
tight). It is your job to come up with a character who
is too good, too skilled or too clever for such a prosaic
fate. The assumption made by many players is that a
mortal character would be boring. If you're actually
going to play a mortal, you'd best be able to portray an
interesting one.

When generating a mortal character, you have
to ask yourself why the character spends time with
vampires and how he manages to do so without
becoming a victim. What's his
complex tactics to insinuate himself into vampire
society, or has he wound up there simply by virtue of
his natural charisma? Once you can answer both of
those questions, then you can seriously start to
think about playing a mortal character.

and your character happens to be

stem? Is he using

OveraLt Concept

If you're playing a mortal character, chance:
it's not for the abundance of powers that character
provides you. With the exception of a handful of
extremely rare abilities, mortal characters don't
typically have much raw power. Walking downtown
onasunny day may be nice, but power it ain't. If you
simply want to be more human than a vampire, you

are

might want to play a ghoul, but ghouls are not
mortals, and they have a whole different set of
character creation rules. If you're playing a mortal
character, then, you need to be very clear who that

character is, what his motives are and what got him
to the place where the story takes off. Playing a
mortal character in a game of Vampire is a
roleplaying challenge of the most difficult kind.
You have no powers to play with, not even the basic
Attributes and Abilities that vampire characters
start with. The only pay-off, then, is the satisfaction
of top-notch roleplaying. Whatever your character
concept, if you've chosen to play a mortal, you'd
best be ready to play it all the way.

ARCH NATURE AND DEMEANOR

Mortals, like vampires, have two sides to their
personalities: who they really are at heart (their
Nature) and the persona they project to others
(their Demeanor). While the years of vampiric
istence and prestation-playing often heighten the
disparity between a Cainite's Nature and Demeanor,
a mortal's Nature and Demeanor are a little more
likely to be similar. While a vampire might easily
stretch a Bon Vivant fagade over a Monster Nature,
mortals tend not to have Demeanors that are 180
degrees off of their Natures unless they're true so-
ciopaths. By way of example: For a character with
the Visionary nature, Architect, Autocrat, Devi-
ant, Fanatic, Perfectionist and Rebel are all highly
likely Demeanors, whereas Child, Conformist or
Traditionalist are not.

eTYPE

ey

SAMpLe ARCHETYPES
While the Vampire core book has a prodigious

list of sample Archetypes, not all of those are

suitable for mortals (though the specifics are left up

to the Storyteller). Likewise, some Archetypes are

much more prevalent in mortals than in vampires.

¢ Addict — You're hooked on something. Or some-
one. Regain Willpower every time you gain access
to the substance or individual you're addicted to.

¢Dreamer — You live in your head half the time.
Regain Willpower any time you escape a stressful
situation through your imagination.

© Vigilante — You take the law into your own hands.
Regain Willpower any time you punish a criminal
the law couldn't (or wouldn't).

© Voyeur — Other people's lives fascinate you. Re-
gain Willpower any time you catch a particularly
interesting glimpse of another person's life while
watching him from afar without his knowledge.

Section One: CHARACTER

19

Step Two: Serect ATTRIBUTES

With the assigning of Attribute points, your mortal
stops being pure concept and begins to take shape in the
World of Darkness, and her strengths — and weak-
nesses —reveal themselves.

Lacking the blood of the Damned, mortals lack
vampires' inherent Attribute advantages and do not
receive the same number of beginning Attribute points.
As with vampire characters, mortal characters have one
free dot in every Attribute. To build upon that founda-
tion, amortal character receives six points to put into her
primary category, four to put into her secondary category
and three to put into her tertiary category. That makes a
weak starting character compared to a beginning vam-
pire, but that's how things work. Some, though by no
means all, of this inequity can be smoothed out later on
with freebie points (though it should be pointed out that
even if you spend all your freebie points on Attributes,
you will still only have a one Attribute-point advantage
overa vampire who doesn't enhance her Attributesatall,
so it might be worth designing your character and then
assigning freebie points in sucha way that your character's
strength lies in some form of specialization, rather than
any sort of general superiority).

Step THRee: SeLect ABILITIES

Mortals have not had the decades to study and learn
that vampires have and, furthermore, what time they do
have is often spent in pastimes of no consequence (such
as playing video games or watching television). Conse-
quently, they do not have the same number of points to
start with that vampires do.

Mortal characters begin with 11 points in their
primary category, seven in their secondary and four in
their tertiary.

Aswith Cainites, mortalsdonot begin with any starting
dots in Talents, Skills or Knowledges, nor may they buy
Abilities above 3 at this stage of character creation.

Step Four: Serect
ADVANTAGES

If you were hoping that the inequity between mor-
tals and vampires might be mitigated here, forget it.
Mortals receive only Backgrounds (a subset of those
available to Cainites, in fact) and Virtues (the same
ones used by Kindred).

BACKGROUNDS

Mortal characters can have Backgrounds just as Kin-
dred do. Mortals, obviously, cannot take the Generation or
Herd Backgrounds, but everything else is open to them,
though not necessarily to the same degree enjoyed by

Kindred. Mortals have limits on some Backgrounds (e.g.,
Status) that vampires do not. Strategic use of Background
points can really make a mortal character. Many Vampire
players emphasize Disciplines because it's the most obvious
way in which vampires have the advantage over mortals.
To do that, they often ignore Backgrounds entirely, even
to the extent of overlooking their free Background points.
Backgrounds, then, can be one of those rare areas where a
mortal character can really shine. If you put some thought
into Backgrounds, choose them strategically and spend
some freebies to increase them, you can create an incred-
ibly well connected and influential mortal character, and
such a character is far more capable of holding his own
against a vampire antagonist than one who was pumped up
with two more dots of Stamina and two more points of
Strength. Best of all, the roleplaying experience of the
player behind that character is often better as well.
Allies

A mortal dealing with Cainites needs all the allies he
can find. A mortal in a one-on-one conflict situation with

mpire isalmostalways on the losing end of the equation,
but if powerful or influential allies can be brought in, the
mortal might feasibly holdhisownand perhapseven prevail.

Contacts

This Background is the same for mortals as for
Cainites. Well connected is well connected, whether
you breathe or drink blood.

Fame

Fame is a double-edged sword when dealing with
the Kindred world. Some Cainites shun fame and the
famous as they do sunlight, and a mortal who becomes
famOuS)over the course of a chronicle may find his
Kindred contacts drying up faster than a Death Valley
rain puddle. On the other hand, others among the
undead are drawn to the parties and the lifestyle of the
famous. Presence, after all, is more than a Discipline,
and Fame often grants a measure of it to mortals. Some
mortals parlay;Fame into an entrée into all sorts of
places they shouldn't go.

Influence

One of the many ways that a mortal's inclusion into
a Vampire chronicle can be explained, the Influence
Background suggests that the mortal might be a key
nexus in a particular vampire's network of influences. If
that's the case, the mortal character is likely to have a
lot of influence in some area, and if he's valuable to one
vampire, he can potentially be valuable to others.

Mentor

The Mentor Background for mortals is one of the
most versatile. It can indicate that the mortal is pro-
tected by a vampire (such as an old patron of the

\Vawore Pavers Gue

20


family), a powerful mortal or almost any older, wiser
individual. Moreover, the field really opens up if the
Storyteller is crossover friendly. Beyond concern for the
character's well-being, good connections are a key
characteristic of a Mentor, as is wisdom. She will know
people and have knowledge that the character doesn't.
She may be able to provide answers, protection, guid-
ance or other forms of help, but the player and the
Storytellershould discuss the exact nature ofa character's
Mentor at character creation to keep the player from
trying to use this Background like a storytelling yersion
of a Swiss Army knifi
Resources

A character with available Resources can make
things happen more easily. Money makes oné formi-
dable; it puts one on the radar. A rich character ¢an use
his wealth to even the odds in a conflict with a vampire.
Better connections, more professional bodyguards and
the like don't automatically make a mortal the equal of a
powerful vampire, but they definitely put him on.equal
(or even superior) footing with most newly Embraced
Licks. Furthermore, since more questions are asked when
wealthy people die than when poor people die, it might
also provides a modicum of protection for mortals who
find themselves moving in Kindred circles. This makes a
good pairing with Influence and even Fame, as well.

Retainers

Mortals, lacking Disciplines or the ability to blood
bond others, do not have quite the same kinds of
retainers as Kindred, if for no other reason than money
isthe only leverage most mortals have over each other.
Thatsaid, mortals with sufficient Resources may hire all
manner of help, including bodyguards, servants, 'te-
searchers, private detectives or whatever else the player
and Storyteller agree upon. A character can néver have
more than (Resources — 1) dots in the Retainer Back-
ground (that is, a character with 4 dots of Resources
can't have more than 3 dots in Retainers).

Status

This is, perhaps, the rarest Background a mortal
character can take and certainly the most limited. A
mortal character may take no more than one dot of
Status (which is still more than can be said of certain
Caitiff), and that only with good explanation; any other
status he gains in the Cainite's social milieu must be
obtained over the course of the chronicle. Vampires can
be quite arrogant, all but certain that the world revolves
only because of them. Many (if not most) vampires
would find the notion of extending status to a mortal a
repellent one. Any Kindred who grants status to a
mortal might be courting a serious political backlash if

not a wholesale schism of vampire society. It would
almost certainly set in motion a great number of plots to
be rid of the mortal in question. Any player availing
herself of the Status Background for her character is
essentially giving the Storyteller carte blanche to play
up the political aspects of Vampire.

VIRTUES

Virtues are the internal resources acharacter has to
draw on.in times of crisis. Mortal'@haracters start with
the same, three Virtues»as most vampire characters:
Conscience, Self-Control and Courage. A mortal char-
acter has seven points to spend on Virtues, and freebie
points can be used to buy Virtues ona two-for-one bas
As with vampire characters, a character's Virtue rating
doesn't necessarily dictate how a player should orshould
not portray his character, though the Virtues do provide
a convenient heuristic if a player isn't entirely certain
how his character is likely to respond to a given situa-
tion. They do come with general benefits and drawbacks.
Virtues play a different role for the living than they do
for the undead. Mortals do not have Beasts; they do not
enter frenzy, nor are they prone to Rétschreck. Conse-
quently, the game mechanics of the Virtues may not
come into play as frequently as they might fora Kindred,
but good Storytellers are adept at bringing the Virtues
into play in a concrete way. High Virtue ratings typi-
cally help a character, though sometimes being too
virtuous might be a hindrance, particularly when ma-
neuvering through the corrupt'and underhanded world
inhabited by vampires.

Conscience

More than anything else, Conscience is the ability
to act ethically in the face of strong pressure, internal or
external, to do otherwise. It represents the character's
ability to do things like refuse bribes, defend an absent
ally against persuasive detractors and avoid cruel, un-
ethical or malevolent behavior. A high Conscience
rating, especially in a setting like the World of Dark-
ness, may require a character to take positions that are
likely to have unpleasant consequences. After all, if
doing the right thing were easy, no such thing as an
ethical dilemma would exist.

As with vampires, Conscience affects a character'
resilience to degeneration (see the Vampire core book,
page 221). At the Storyteller' discretion, a player may
add her Conscience rating to any Willpower roll made
to avoid doing something that runs counter to the
character's moral or ethical code. Although a character
already cannot be forced via Dominate to act against
her Nature, this approach can also provide extra dice
against attempts to intimidate, seduce or bribe the

Section One: CHarAcTEr

21

y

character into behaviors that the character considers
wrong. A character's Nature impacts how this can be
used. A Traditionalist would likely be able to add her
Conscience to her dice pool to resist a seduction at-
tempt, but a Bon Vivant probably would not.

Self-Control

A more useful (for mortals) term for Self-Control
might be impulse control. Characters with low impulse
control are more inclined to act on knee-jerk responses
without thinking. In an argument they may blurt out
the first angry retort that comes into their heads or may
take a swing at anyone who pisses them off without
giving so much as a thought to the potential conse-
quences. These individuals are likely to earn reputations
for having short fuses or hair-trigger tempers. Individu-
als with high Self-Control, however, can smile and nod
at even the most provocative insults or behavior.

Players may roll their Self-Control when their
characters are pushed into positions where it takes a
great deal of self-discipline to keep from acting out.
Rolling Self-Control is usually a last-ditch effort to keep
from behaving in a manner likely to have grave conse-
quences, like cursing at an obnoxious Brujah. The
standard difficulty of this roll is 6, but it may go up
depending on the intensity of the provocation.

Courage

In mortals, Courage is the ability to act even in the
face of overwhelming fear. It doesn't mean that the
character doesn't feel fear — on the contrary, in the
absence of fear no courage can exist — but, rather, that
cter is able to accept the fear and function
normally anyway and not run away or collapse to the
ground weeping in abject terror. As a game mechanic,
Courage represents stoicism and bravery combined. It
helps a character stand his ground when confronted
with something that is truly terrifying to him and helps
him keep from cracking when tortured.

the c

The player may roll Courage by itself when con-
fronted by something that would make the average
person run away in terror (a particularly repulsive
Nosferatu, forexample). At the Storyteller's discretion,
it may also be added to Willpower in the face of
particularly horrible circumstances — while being tor-
tured by a Tzimisce interrogator, for example.

HuMAnItTy

The Humanity rating reflects largely the same
thing for mortals as it does for vampires: humankind's
better, more humane and caring aspect. A mortal's
Humanity score, like a vampire's, is the sum of the
character's Conscience and Self-Control scores. Either
of these can be raised using freebie points if you want a

higher starting Humanity rating. The average person's
Humanity is between 6 and 8. If your starting Humanity
is 5 or lower, you may want either to ask yourself why
that is, or raise it to a point that you think is in keeping
with your concept of the character's attitudes and
behavior. It's possible to raise Humanity by itself (with
freebie points), but that's the inefficient way of going
about it.

Low-Humanity Mortars

It's important to note that mortals, unlike vam-
pires, have no Beast. As a mortal's Humanity erodes
away, she simply becomes colder, less humane and
increasingly more jaded. Mortals are not, as vampires
are, actively driven to acts of atrocity, they simply grow
increasingly numb to it —and to the feelings, needs and
rights of others, which cease to have any relevance to
their view of the world.

Furthermore, moral decay does not affect everyone
the same way. Not every mortal with a Humanity of 2
or less is going to become a Charles Manson, Adolf
Hitler or Josef Stalin. Moral bankruptcy wears many
faces, and not all of them coincide with the more
simplistic expressions with which we may be familiar.

Consider the following:

A mother's Humanity might slowly be worn down
by the news, by her own stunted life and by the pressures
of being a parent. One petty act leads to another, and
little cruelties become games to her. As her Humanity
drops ever lower, she might push her daughter relent-
lessly to be the woman she never was, to prepare her for
"the grim world she's going to have to live in." Her low
Humanity manife: a complete lack of empathy for
her daughter, total disregard for her daughter's wishes
and a notable enthusiasm for brutality when punishing
her daughter for even miniscule infractions of rules. She
might look to all the world like a kind and attentive
mother, but only her daughter would realize what a
monster she had really become.

A priest might grow so accustomed to focusing only
on the evil in men's hearts that he ceases to be capable
of seeing, or feeling, anything that is good or healthy.
His own behavior at that point is likely to slide as he
begins rationalizing increasingly immoral behavior, ei-
ther by convincing himself that "everybody does it, so
I'm no worse than the rest of these sinners" or perhaps
by using Biblical precedents to make his behavior
palatable to him. Basing hi ions on'the story of Lot
he might impregnate his daughters, he might decide
that Jehovah demands a sacrifice as in the story of Jacob
and Isaag, or he might murder an acquaintance for any
number f infractions of the code of Leviticus. The

Vawei: Pavers Gude

2

hy
tic
th

jus
hi:

vil

BRSEoS

a2 28

w

w

ot

hypocrisy of the preacher's life might go entirely unno-
ticed, and he might even be seen as a saintly man by his
parishioners, but all of that would unravel if the truth of
the situation were to come to light and others could see
just how enormous a gap existed between his words and
his deeds.

These are just two examples of low-Humanity mor-
tals, but they give an idea of the events that might lead
to such a situation, how people rationalize monstrous
behaviors and the broad range of ways in which low
Humanity manifests itself.

Obviously, mortals vary wildly in their personali-
ties, and those with 0 Humanity lack none of that
variety. Zero Humanity looks different depending on
the Nature it's being filtered through. A coward, a
party-animal and an over-achiever may all have a
Humanity of 1, but they will all manifest their jaded-
ness, their callousness and theirbaser natures differently.
While sadism, rape and murder can be the outcome of
alow Humanity, they remain only the tip of the iceberg
with regard to the ways in which conscience-free indi-
viduals comport themselves in the world.

ReGAINInG HuMANITY

The static nature of vampires combined with the
constant nudging of the Beast eventually leads many (if
not most) of the Kindred into the slow downward spiral
of degeneration.

Mortals, on the other hand, have three distinct
advantages where Humanity is concerned: They have
no Beast, they don't feed on blood and they are dynamic
by nature.

Among other things, the absence of the Beast
means that mortals are not prone to frenzy and all the
horror it entails. They do not have a constant voice in
the back of their heads pushing them to kill or commit
other acts of atrocity.

Killing, in fact, is much further removed from the
thoughts of the average mortal than it is from the minds
of vampires. Kindred risk killing a person every time
they feed, and after a while they grow inured to the
possibility. Few mortals are in the position to kill
another so easily or on such a regular b

Most importantly, however, mortals have a much
greater penchant for change and growth than vampires.
Asliving things, they are free to change their courses at
any time. Mortals can "turn over a new leaf," while
vampires don't really have that option. To reflect this,
mortal characters regain Humanity via experience at a
different rate than Kindred. Mortal characters can buy
up their Humanity at a cost of 2 x [11 — Current
Humanity Rating]. A character with 3 Humanity, there-

fore, would have to spend 16 experience points to reach
Humanity 4 while a character with Humanity 8 need
spend only six experience points to reach 9. This
represents the difficulty even dynamic characters have
pulling out of the downward spiral as well as the ability
of a motivated ethical individual to become a better
person.

The Storyteller should allow a character to buy up
Humanity if and only if the character's behavior war-
rants it. If a player running a cold, steely tough guy,
whose greatest manifestation of Humanity is not kick-
ing his opponents in the face when they're down, wants
to buy his character's Humanity up from 7 to 8, the
Storyteller is free to laugh. On the other hand, a
character who shows concern, kindness anda high
degree of ethical behavior in his dealings with others
should have no problem at all. The Storyteller might
éven be inclined to give him a cost break on the deal for
good roleplaying.

Step Five: FIntsHinG TOucHes

At this point you have the framework of a charac-
ter. You have some Traits and a general sense of who
your character mightbe. This is where you can flesh out
that framework. This is where you make the leap from
seeing your character as a collection of numbers and
begin to view him as a full-fledged living, breathing
individual, like a character from a book or a movie.

As you spend your 21 freebie points, you may now
some of your Abilities above 3, but as you do, think
about what part of your character's backstory accounts
for such remarkable levels of expertise. Does he have
five dots in Medicine because he was on a famous
surgeon or because he was a medic in the army? Don't
make the Storyteller wince by tying together all kinds of
unlikely events that led to your 20-year-old character
having epic potential with several Abilities.

If you're the Storyteller for your chronicle, this is
the section where you ask why. Why does this perky 20-
year-old have five dots in Dodge? Why does the
disenfranchised college dropout have four dots in both
Medicine and Computers? On one hand, the mortals in
this game are going to be a cut above the ruck and run
of humanity — that's their right as protagonists — but
that's still no reason to toss all credibility out the
windows If the Storyteller doesn't demand a certain
basic degree of realism from the game — enough that
players can suspend their disbelief and immerse them-
selves in their characters — then the game will never
take on a feel of a shared world and will always feel like
a bunch of people sitting around a table rolling dice. If
the playercan come up witha credible reason for having

Section One: CHaRacTER

3


four or five dots in an Ability, especially if it makes the
character more real, then by all means allow it. If, on the
other hand, it's sheer goofiness and numbers engineer-
ing in the name of twinkery, feel free to send the pla
back to the drawing board again and again if necessary
until he brings you a believable character and not just

a well chosen collection of numbers and dots engi-
neered for maximum kill power.

WILLpOweR

It takes a lot of Willpower to swim with the sharks.
Is your character browbeaten by the undead? Has your
will nearly been broken? Or have your dealings with
vampires pissed you off and given you an unshakable
sense of purpose? As a mortal, you obviously don't need
Willpower to ward off frenzy or for use in Disciplines,
but your strength of will might be the only thing
between you and falling prey to the mental tricks of the
undead, so it's well worth spending the Freebies neces-
sary to raise it beyond its starting value (which, for
mortals, is 3).

FReesie POINTS

As with vampires, mortal characters receive freebie
points to spend as they will at character creation
Mortals receive 21 freebies, but that's not because
they're stronger than vampires, it's to help offset the gulf

between beginning mortal and vampire characters. The
additional s

X points aren't even enough to give a
mortal the same starting Attributes as a vampire, but
they don't hurt. It's nota bad ide:
points defensively; a mortal character can always use an
extra point of Stamina, Dodge or Willpower when he
thinks he might come into conflict with the violent and
scheming undead. Remember that in addition to At
tributes and Abilities freebies can also go toward
Willpower, Virtues, Backgrounds and Merits. Taking
Flaws can also provide up to an
points while giving your character
complexity.

to spend a few freebie

n freebie

Ta se

more depth and

THe SpARH OF LIFE

Once you've assigned all your points, you have a

construct, a puppet, a dynamic game mechanic. To turn

this mental construct into a character, you have to
account realistically for how the dots and numbers
interact to create a character. Why is she so strong?
When did he learn to speak fluent Russian? How did he
obtain his expertise in computer security? The more
vibrant yourcharacter, the more engrossing the chronicle
can be. Taking the character's Nature and Demeanor
into consideration, come up with a realistic personality
that you can stretch over the framework of numbers and

Vawore PLaers Guipe
4

lude
For:
char
vam
onw
nigh
thei
didn
is ot]

enou
preluy
accu:

syste!

thet
amo
by m
vamy
work,
corru
high!
later
it's a,
allud:
chror
T
differ
age, t
of Da
the cl
exist,
with t
preluc
fractic
succes

| dots. Based on the history you've created for him, what
Jf are his motivations? What does he hope for? Why does
he tisk his life, and very possibly his soul, to interact
with vampires? How does your character differ from
you? Once you can imagine what your character thinks
and feels at any given time, then you know that you've
transformed the construct into a real character. Then
and only then will you have a mortal character real
enough to care about and play seriously. Here's one way
to gauge whether you've succeeded: If you feel some-
thing for your character — respect, affection, dislike,
even disdain — then you know that you've succeeded
in transforming the construct into a real character.

THe PRELUDE

In many, if not most, Vampire chronicles, the pre-
lude illustrates the character's life before the Embrace.
Foramortal character it makes more sense to focus on the
character's life before she discovered the existence of
vampires. The crux of such a prelude necessarily focuses
onwhere the character lives, what she did differently the
night she learned that vampires are real and, especially,
the identity of the first vampire she ever met (and why he
didn't kill or Dominate her or otherwise take care of what
is otherwise a clear violation of the Masquerade).

Playing a mortal in a Vampire story is, ironically
enough, best left to experienced players. Many of the
prelude'scommon uses, therefore—lettinga player become
accustomed to the World of Darkness and the Storyteller
system, for example — are probably unnecessat

The prelude is up
the themes that will become familiar to anyone playing
amortal character: the precipitous razor's edge walked
by mortals who insist on playing in the world of the
vampires despite their lesser ability to survive in that
world, the fragility of life and the possibility of utter
corruption. The Storyteller has a better chance to
highlight these themes in the prelude than she will have
later in the game when she's juggling more players, so
it'sa good idea to make a strong point now that she can
allude to or touch on from time to time later in the
chronicle.

so a good opportunity to pl

The goal of the prelude is to account for the
difference between the day-to-day reality of the aver-
age, unenlightened day-dwelling mortal in the World
of Darkness ("There's no such thing as vampires.") and
the chronicle's initial status quo ("Not only do vampires
exist, but it looks like I'm about to spend a lot of time
with them — provided they don't kill me first."). Since
preludes generally last for one game session (or even
fractions thereof), it has to do it quickly. Key to the
success of the prelude is the mechanism by which the

mortal makes her way into the vampires' world. While
the Storyteller has no shortage of ways to arrive at this
situation, it still warrants thought so that whatever
device he comes up with doesn't feel contrived.

QuesTIONS

¢What was your life like before you discovered
the existence of vampires?

What did you do before you discovered the truth?
How did you live your life from day to day? Obviously,
the field is wide open here, but following are a few
options:

Cop— Maybe one too many inexplicable incidents
caused you to look a little more closely into your city's
nightlife (against your comm: 's orders). What
you found when you went looking has changed every-
thin,

one

Criminal — Maybe you had a time when you
thought you were the worst thing roaming the streets at
night. You learned otherwise.

Disestablishmentarian — You lived to subvert the
systemany way youcould. One night you found others who
shared your interest in keeping "the authorities" from
becoming too powerful, and when you fell in with them,
you discovered that your fellows had dark secrets ....

Drifter —You never put down roots. You wandered
from town to town, city to city, and after a while you
discovered that some cities seemed to devour your kind.
In time, you learned how accurate that metaphor was,
and what lay behind that disturbing fact ....

Politician — Some well dressed gentlemen ap-
proached you one night with an offer you couldn't
refuse. While investigating these individuals, you found
out more about the nightlife in your city than you really
wanted to know.

Punk — Some things a well connected rebel living
on the streets just can't help finding out. Once you
learned about the Kindred, you couldn't go back.

True Believer — Your faith sustains you and your
conviction urges you into situations that others would
rather avoid. It was while performing the work of your
god that you discovered the work of the Evil One going
on under the noses of all the decent people of your city.
Now your fascination with the machinations of the
undead lures you, night after night, like a siren song
calling you to your own damnation.

Victim — You don't act, but react. Life just hap-
pens to you and through some quirk of fate, you're the
victim who survived.

How did you discover the existence of vampires?
mpires expend a lot of effort to keep their shad-
owy little demimonde a dark secret. How were you able

Secmion One: CHARACTER

5

to learn of their existence and live? Have you alway
known? Were you in the wrong place at the wrong time?
Did you see a grievous breach of the Masquerade and
live to tell about it?

*How have you survived with this knowledge?

You are a walking breach of the Masquerade. You
know what mortals aren't supposed to, and yet, some-
how, you're still alive and walking around. How did this
state of affairs come to be? Do you have powerful
connections in the society of the undead? If so, how did
such an odd state of affairs come about? Have yousimply
not shown up (yet) on their radar? Do members of your
family have some sort of "agreement" with the city'
nighttime denizens? Do they think you've been some-
how neutralized as a threat? Are you being hunted even
now? Did you somehow talk your way out of the situa-
tion? What did you have to promise before they agreed
to let you live?

*Who knows about your nocturnal lifestyle and
the strange company you keep?

Ir's unlikely that all of the people with whom you
keep company are vampires (and if they are, how did
such a strange set of circumstances come to be?). Who
are your mortal friends? Have you confided in anyone?
How would the vampires you hang with (or oppose)
react if they knew that? Do you have a boyfriend? A
girlfriend? Does she think you're crazy? Does she believe
you (and if so, does she relate the stories you tell to
others, inviting others to poke their noses in where they
don't belong)?

* Why do you pe:
the undead?

Most people whosee the night-to-night behavior of
vampires would flee and hope never to draw the atten-
tion of the undead. Not you. You choose to spend your
time moving among them, to one degree or another.
Whether you're ally or enemy of the walking dead, you
have, for whatever reason, made vampires a significant
part of your life. Instead of running as fast as you can in
the other direction, you seem to keep vampiric com-
pany more nights than not. Why do you so frequently
put yourself in harm's way to associate with monster:
Are you enthralled by a particularly charismatic vam-
pire? Is your dealer/ informant/ pimp one of the undead?
Have you somehow gained status within the society of
the Damned, and ifso, how? Does it give youa thrill? Do
you work for them? Have circumstances forced you to
this? Are you on a mission from God? Does keeping the
company of the undead make you feel somehow special
or important? To what lengths must you go to rational-
ize your behavior?

t in keeping the company of

A number of reasons might explain why you remain
in the presence of the undead. Below are some, but by
no meansall, of the reasons that your mortal might keep
returning to the vampires' midnight milieu:

Addiction — Whether it's a vampire's vitae or the
adrenaline rush you feel by tempting fate on a nightly
basis, you've developed a full-fledged jones for the
vampiric nightlife that you can't imagine giving up.

Apathy — Maybe you're depressed. Maybe you're
jaded. Maybe you've never cared about anything. Re-
gardless, you've fallen in with the undead and you just
can't seem to care. Now you lead your life from night to
night, risking death or worse and the city's dark streets,
and still you feel nothing but numb.

Blackmail — Someone has the goods on you, and
if you try to escape now, your past deeds will be used
against you.

Failure — You've tried to return to the normal
world, but you screw it up every single time and you just
can't stay away.

Guilt — You've wronged one of the Kindred, and
until you can expiate your guilt, you're stuck in the
uncomfortable position of wanting to make amends to
a monster.

Legacy — You've "inherited" your place among the
undead from someone who passed the mantle on to you
andnow ated to stay —at least until youcan
pass your responsibilities on to another.

‘ou're obli

Love — Love really is blind, and as unlikely as it
seems, you have fallen fora Kindred and you can't seem
to reclaim your heart.

Revenge — You have a target lock on one particu-
lar vampire you need to exact vengeance upon, and
you'll continue to interact with the undead until you
find her and make her pay.

Unfinished Business — Like revenge, but more
general: You have business of some sort that keeps you
coming back, but once it's taken care of, you'll return to
the respectable life you once led. Or at least that's what
you tell yourself.

*What lies do you tell yourself to make your
behavior palatable?

Everyone tells themselves little lies to make life's
less pleasant tasks a tad more bearable. Little lies like
"It's just for a little while," "It's okay because I'm only
following orders," "I'll make up for it later" and "This

help me get to Heaven." have allowed people todo
some truly shocking things. Do you rely on one of these
conceits to get you through the night, or have you
come up with something all your own (and maybe
even better)?

Vaweire Pavers Guide

26

a

a


How do you explain your nocturnal schedule to
your friends and family?

Lying to yourself is one thing, but it's likely that
you've had to explain your late-night antics to others as
well. It's one thing to go to beda little late, but rising at
dusk and going to bed at dawn isa difficult thing to cover
up. It raises eyebrows. It becomes a barrier between you
and those who keep normal schedules. It's the sort of
thing that breaks up relationships, causes parents to
look askance at their children and gets employees fired.
Unless you're a complete pariah from society, someone
is bound to want to know what you're up to at all hours
of the night.

*How do you support yourself?

Even ina world with vampires, a normal guy has to
eat and pay bills. Supporting oneself in the constantly
worsening economy of the World of Darkness is hard
enough without limiting yourself to jobs with night
hours that allow you to keep up with your Kindred allies
and foes. Did you give up med school to be a night
watchman? Do you sell G, K and E to club-goers to
Support your upside-down schedule? Do you live off the
generosity of a vampiric master? Or were you blessed
with a trust fund that just won't quit?

¢What do you expect from the future?

Do you really hope that you'll be able to extricate
yourself from the world of the undead once you've
wormed your way so far into it? Have you simply
resigned yourself to dying ignominiously of blood loss in
arat-filled alley that reeks of stale piss? Do you e
tobe made into one of them, and, if so, what makes you
think you're so valuable to them that they'll bring you
into their dark society?

pect

MeRITSAND FLAWS

Many of the Merits and Flaws in the Vampire rule
book are clearly not appropriate for mortal characters,
at least not at first glance. Maybe some (Smell of the
Grave) could be adapted if the player and the Storyteller
can agree on why that Merit or Flaw would be appropri-
ate for a mortal character. The Supernatural Merits, in
particular, are good for mortal characters to take be-
cause they provide one more reason for the character to
know about and be involved in the twilight world
inhabited by the World of L
denizens.

The Merits provided here are especially ap-
propriate for a mortal character in a Vampire
game, but other World of Darkness games may
provide Merits and Flaws that work better for
your particular character or chronicle.

arkness's supernatural

CHARACTER CREATION CHEAT SHEET

This is a quick-and-dirty version of the mor-
tal character creation rules that appear in various
incarnations among other World of Darkness
titles. Rather than page through this chapter
every time you want to create a mortal character,
you may simply refer to this sidebar for conve-
nience.

Step One: Character Concept

Choose concept, Nature and Demeanor.

Step Two: Select Attributes

Prioritize primary, secondary and tertiary At-
tribute categories (6/4/3).

Step Three: Select Abilities

Prioritize primary, secondary and tertiary
Ability categories (11/7/4).

Step Four: Select Advantages

Select Backgrounds (5) and Virtues (7).

Step Five: Last Touches

Note your character's Humanity (Conscience
+ Self-Control) and Willpower (3), then spend
freebie points (21).

Merits

Bitter Blood (1-pt. Physical Merit)

Something in your genes or your diet makes your
blood taste foul to vampires. Nothing is preventing a
bloodsucker from bleeding you just for the fun of it, of
course, but you're the last vessel a vampire would
willingly choose to drink from.

Night Vision (2-pt. Physical Merit)

You can see just fine at night and you've never
understood why people have so much difficulty seeing
just because it's a little dark. You suffer no penalty to
dice pools as long as you have at least light equivalent
to moderate starlight. When going from brightly lit
conditions to low-light conditions, it may take a turn or
two for your eyes to adapt.

Vigorous (5-pt. Physical Merit)

Youdon't need sleep. Your body may need to be still
and rest for an hour or two every day, but you can't
"sleep" and don't need to. The advantages to this are
many, but primary among them is the ability to lead
both a normal life during the day anda full and uncom-
promising nightlife.

Vampiric Recognition (3-pt. Supernatural Merit)

You can spot a vampire at 10 paces. You've learned to
recognize some aspect of their undead nature — some-
thing that others seem oblivious to. Maybe it's a slight

Semin One: CHARACTER

27


metallic odor, or a learned tendency to look at a person's
neck to see if he has a pulse in his carotids. Whatever the
case, you can tell a vampire from a mortal without diffi-
culty. Certain complicated cases (such as vampires with
the Blush of Health Merit) may require a Perception +
Alertness roll (difficulty 6) for you to be sure.

FLaws

Criminal Record (2-pt. Social Flaw)

You're a convicted felon. You've done hard time
in prison. You cannot legally buy firearms, and all
social rolls with those who know your history are at
+2 difficulty. Cops, in particular, are especially eager
to screw you over, and you can totally kiss good-bye
ever getting the benefit of any doubt from those who
know you.

Gullible (2-pt. Social Flaw)

You're not necessarily stupid, but you are definitely
far too trusting forthe world you live in. Even obvious
lies sound plausible to you. Increase by 2 the difficulty
of all rolls to detect lies or chicanery.

Insomniac (2-pt. Physical Flaw)

Getting to sleep is hard. Staying asleep is harder.
You toss and turn and can't sleep at night. Any amount
of time you spend trying to sleep actually yields about
half the normal amount of rest, leaving you bleary-eyed
and mentally fuzzy. Increase by 2 the difficulty of all
Perception rolls.

Low Pain Tolerance (2-pt. Physical Flaw)

Your pain threshold is extremely low. What others
consider a minor pain debilitates you. Although you
soak damage normally, you suffer an additional 1 die-
pool penalty whenever you're injured.

Deluded (2-pt. Mental Flaw)

You're pretty savvy when it comesto the supernatu-
ral. Or so you think. Most of what you think you know
is egregiously wrong. When you find out, for example,
that silver bullets don't in fact kill vampires (assuming
yousurvive the experience), you're likely toassume that
it was something weird about that particular vampire,
not that your "knowledge" was wrong.

Unlucky Supernatural (4-pt. Flaw)

Things just don't go your way. Every time an oppor-
tunity comes along that might let you shine, something
comes*along to ruin it. Once per game session, the
Storyteller may increase the difficulty of a critical roll
you make by 2 and not tell you about it in advance. If you
fail the roll, it's due to some random element of bad luck
(your knee buckling right before you pull the trigger, for
example ...).

CHARACTER
CONCEPT AND
PERSONAL
STORYLINE

"Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my
father. Prepare to die."

—William Goldman, The Princess Bride

Everyone wants his character to be someone special.

It's true. We don't play storytelling games to be
ordinary characters; we want to be the extraordinary
ones. But being extraordinary requires a lot more than
playing a rare bloodline, departing drastically from a
clan stereotype or even having an improbable spread of
Disciplines or exceptionally low generation. What re-
ally differentiates your character from all the others and
makes him special and unique isn't conveyed by the
number of dots on his character sheet.

It's who he really is, what he's trying to accomplish,
why it's important to him and just how he manages to
do it. A character truly comes to life only when he's
involved ina story. A character's personality is defined
by how he acts and reacts to the other characters, events
and situations around him. The initial character con-
cept is only the beginning, the tip of thé iceberg,
Characters should be dynamic creations, ever changing
as their story continues, whose personalities are shaped
by their goals, dreams, rivalries and feuds, and built on
past experiences.

A lot of those past experiences occur before you
begin to play, some even before the character's Em-
brace. The most interesting ones should occur afterward,
during the chronicle itself. The character concept is the
blueprint, the idea that first makes you interested in
that particular character. Whether your initial concept
isa street kid, police detective; runway model or con
artist, that's only really a first impression. In developing
your character's prelude, you have the opportunity to
Create not only a character concept but also the begin-
nings of a personal storyline that establishes your
character's past as well as where his past will lead him in
the future.

THE DERSONAL STORYLINE
AND CHARACTER CONCEPT

In its simplest form, a personal storyline is telling
the ongoing chronicle from your character's own point
of view, where certain things take on greater or lesser

Vane Payers Guoe

28

FEarTs:

a

s

BSSSSe2


we
td

fe

significance based on how important they are to your
character's agenda. A chronicle has as many personal
storylines as it has characters, since every character
(even those played by the Storyteller) has his own
unique perspective on events that happen as the story
unfolds. A difference exists, however, between a per-
sonal storyline that necessarily arises out of
troupe-focused play and a storyline that is deliberately
crafted to give an individual character depth, interest
and player enjoyment. A troupe-focused plotline usu-
ally serves more to advance the overall chronicle plotline
even though it may also develop characters; a personal-
ity-focused plotline serves more to develop a character
even though it may advance the chronicle plot.
Sometimes a personal storyline really centers on one
character, and the rest of the troupe becomes like a
supporting cast for the duration of that particular story.
Sometimes a personal storyline involves the whole troupe
but somehow manages to have intense and unique per-
sonal significance for each character. Your character may
be motivated by political ideology, where another might
be motivated to achieve the same goal by personal re-
venge, and a third might be coming along to support you
butsecretly wonders if youradversary really deserves todie,
because that adversary once did his sire a great favor.
Combining the character concept with a personal
storyline has a number of advantages. You're giving
your character a backstory and a direction and goal to
pursue in the chronicle, which make roleplaying the
character easier, as you have a far clearer picture of
where she's coming from and why she acts the way she
does. These story hooks also give the Storyteller a way
todraw your character into a storyline that is of personal
interest to her. The story is tailored to your character's
particular history, goals or desires; the motivation for
herto become involved, perhaps even take risks, is built
tight in. While the story should involve the rest of the
player troupe, it is still your character's personal story.

Story hooks also give you, as a player, a personal stake
inthestory. Thisispartof yourcontribution to thestorytelling
process. By including these hooks in your character's back-
ground, you're telling the Storyteller what kinds of stories
you would like your character to be involved in.

Where do those stories come from?

Story ARCHETYPES AND
CHARACTER ROrtS

Only a limited number of real plot patterns exist in
the world (36, according to one source I've read, and
that includes a few only the ancient Greeks would
consider to be good drama). The best plots aré used over

and over again, but in the hands of a good Storyteller
always seem new, because of the way the details are put
together. The characters who take part in these classic
plots are kind of classic themselves; they are defined by
their roles in the story, the positions from which start
outand what they seek to achieve. These characters and
their associated storyline are archetypes that are used
again and again in storytelling, from fairytales to paper-
back novels to television and movies.

Archetypes are painted with a broad brush: no
names, no details. They're the bare bones on which
character and story are built. Because they're so basic in
structure, they're almost infinite in potential; you can
create a huge variety of stories ste
short concept. Here is a collection of classic character
and story archetypes:

The disregarded younger child or orphan whom
seeks to prove himself or make his fortune (almost any
fairy tale)

The child called upon to avenge his father's murder
(Hamlet, Batman)

The young or inexperienced character who has
inherited a great responsibility or power (Frodo Baggins,
Luke Skywalker, Harry Potter)

The veteran called unwillingly back into service
(Deckard in Blade Runner)

The ambitious usurper seeking revenge against all
who thwart him (Shakespeare's Richard III, just about
any comic book villain)

The snitch or former turncoat hiding from the ones
he betrayed

The deposed rightful heir struggling against the
usurper who robbed him of his inheritance

The reformed bad-ass or repentant monster trying
to redeem himself with good deeds (Robert McCall
from The Equalizer, Angel from Buffy the Vampire Slayer,
Julian Luna from Kindred: The Embraced)

The falsely accused character seeking to prove his
innocence while evading justice (The Fugitive, Tom
Cruise's Ethan Hunt from Mission: Impossible, and of
course, Robin Hood)

The weary ex-con, trying to go straight but tempted
by former companions

The now-wiser character attempting to overcome,
atone for or do penance for a terrible mistake made in
his past

Aswidely varied as these character archetypes are (and
many more like them exist), you'll notice they all have afew
things in common, which are important to remember when
translating one of these into a character for Vampire.

29

Story carries botha sense of the past and the future.
Because of something in the character's background —a
past deed, event or situation — he now has a personal
goal for the future. This goal shapes how he approaches
things that happen to him or the stories he pursues. Past
events may also trigger related encounters or events in
the future. Because your character's packmate vanished
mysteriously during the last siege, you can guess that
some clue will eventually come up as to the packmate's
fate or whereabouts. Because your character once screwed
up while hunting, she now owes the scourge a significant
boon after he covered for her in front of the prince, and
you know that some night the scourge will call that boon
in. Because your character once inadvertently killed her
loyal ghoul, she now feels a personal responsibility toward
the dead man's mortal family; youcan be sure thatshe will
need to become involved when one of them runs into
supernatural trouble.

What this involves is cooperation between you and
the Storyteller in setting up enjoyable dramatic inevi-
tabilities for your character in the chronicle,
inevitabilities that you both understand are there for
the express purpose of providing challenges for the
character to face and overcome. The reason characters
have secrets is so that they can suffer through barely

‘aping having them exposed, and through actually

so

having them exposed. They have innocent protég
that the protégés can get in trouble. They make mis-

takes so the mistakes can come back to haunt them. In
real life, things don'talways have notable consequences,
but ina story — whether it's an epic myth, novel, movie
or tale told around a campfire — such mistakes almost
always lead to consequences, because that is what the
story is all about.

Story is of personal significance to the character.
It has to be important to the character, something he'll
strive to attain or accomplish at any opportunity, anddo
whatever it takes to convince his coterie to join him on,
ora Storyteller character to help him with. It's integral
to the character concept itself; it gives the character a
purpose for which to exist, a reason to struggle onward
despite the obstacles the Storyteller throws in his way,
or the sacrifices he must make to get there. No price is
too high to gain revenge on the rival who made him
look like a fool in front of the entire primogen council;
no risk is too great if it might gain the attention of the
Black Hand recruiters.

If the Storyteller gives your character a clue that
could lead to her missing sire, or allows her a chance to
repay the favor she owes the mysterious elder who once
saved her unlife, your character should be ready to take
it. Make it something you as the player are interested in

taking a risk on as well; it's worth it if you have a
storyline that really draws you in as much as it does your
character. This kind of story can be rewarding, but it
also requiresa certain degree of trust between player and
Storyteller. You as the player must be able to view the
story hook as an opportunity to go deeper into a story,
not merely the bait for a Storyteller trap. The Story-
teller must trust you to play the character true to her
inner motivations, including taking what might appear
to be tremendous risks even if you don't know that
doing so will move your character another step closer to
her final goal.

Story is unfinished. The character has an unful-
filled goal, desire or quest. His backstory contains plot
threads that can be continued, or loose ends in the past
that can come back to haunt him in new ways. This
gives the Storyteller something to work into the
chronicle that is targeted specifically for your character.
While your character may have had goals in the past
that were achieved, you should always leave something
of significance not only incomplete, but make sure your
character is determined to do something about it should
the opportunity arise. That means you need to leave
those hooks out there for the Storyteller to use, those
loose ends that can be used to pull your character into
a storyline. The hook can be as simple as a favor owed
to another Cainite from a past encounter, or a long-
running, if intermittent, correspondence with a mortal
friend or relative. It could be an old grudge against a
bullying templar, a rivalry with a broodmate or an
unrequited love for the prince's childe. It could be
something more complex, such as the determination to
find the traitor who betrayed her sire to his Final Death.

Story is not as simple as it first appears. The
character's problem or goal should not be something
that is easily achieved. This isn't your just go-to-the-
store-and-get-it kind of quest. This is not something
that you should be able to accomplish in a single game

ion, or even necessarily in a single storyline. Some-
times it's because the antagonist or adversary is too
powerful for the character to overcome on her own. She
must build up a coalition of allies, develop her own
strengths and resources or uncover the evidence that
will reveal who her true adversary really is. Sometimes

's because the underlying conflict isn't as clear-cut as
it first appears either; what seems to be a simple matter
of finding the character's missing sire may develop over
time into a mystery that can influence the fate of an
entire city, or uncover a dark secret left buried for
hundreds of years. Even if the first stage of the character's
quest seems to be resolved, that resolution should only
open new avenues for the character to pursue, uncover

awe Players Gupe

30


} : further questions that need answering, even if it takes
the story in an entirely different direction.

vit Story involves relationships with other charac-
nd ters, usually Storyteller characters, who become the
he antagonists, allies, contacts, mentors and other indi-
ty, Viduals with whom the character must interact in order
Fyr to achieve her goals.
ter These relationships can also be with other players'
Be characters. In fact, it's better if it involves the other
yat players' characters, because it allows everyone to play a
‘to part. (This also makes it easier for the Storyteller to
provide motivation for all the characters in the pack or
ul- coterie to work together toward a mutual goal.) When
lot you're creating a character, it never hurts to conspire —
ast er, talk — with your fellow players about possible
his character concepts or storylines that might appeal to
he you as a troupe and see if your characters' storylines can
er. | be entwined from the very beginning (further discus-
ast sion on player troupes can be found elsewhere in this
ng J book).
our y Notice what we haven't di ed yet?
ald \
ive CLANIS Nota
ose CHARACTER CONCEPT
fa Usually it's what you think of first — I'd like to play
a Tremere, a Malkavian, a Lasombra. That's okay. But
el youdon't have to start with clan. Even if you know what
F clanyou want to play, don't start your character concept
f " with "He's a Tremere" or "She's a Toreador." I wouldn't
a £0 so far as to say clan is irrelevant — okay, maybe, for
. the sake of this discussion, I will. Clan is irrelevant to
ie character concept. Why? Because any character concept

and storyline can work with just about any clan. Soeven
if you know you're going to play a Gangrel or Assamite
antitribu, put that thought aside for a while and look at
the character concept and storyline just as they are,

Re without the clan label.

e Better yet, let's look at one such story and character
Ee atchetype and see how we can use the same basic
fhe concept asa beginning point fora character of anumber
ag of very different clans.

wn 8 = x

fat The deposed heir struggling against the usurper
ies who robbed him of his inheritance

Bas The underlying plotline of many a classic fantasy
Ber novel or film, from Snow White to Man in the Iron Mask,
bet the crux of this story revolves around the identities of
a the heir and the usurper, and the exact nature of the
for contested inheritance. The inheritance may be a king-
er's dom, the love of the heir's betrothed, wealth or even an
nly individual object (a family heirloom, possibly an en-
fer chanted artifact, a strategic castle or other real estate, or

otherwise an item of considerable monetary or symbolic
value). It can also be something less substantial, espe-
cially since your characters are vampires: the loyalty of
ghouls, powers of the blood, status or a position of rank
in Kindred society.

Since vampires can potentially survive forever,
they do not have heirs or inheritances in the usual
mortal sense. Therefore the whole matter of an inher-
itance comes down to something that the character, for
whatever plausible reason, believes he is owed, or has
the right to possess now that its former owner has no
more need for it. The usurper likewise believes she has
some right — a better right, in fact — to this inherit-
- Although this claim is clearly contested by the
heir, the usurper has gained control of the prize through
guile, treachery, blackmail, murder or another devious
method, and now the story centers on the heir's at-
tempts to regain it again.

The rest of the story comes from filling in the
generalities with more specific details: What was the
relationship between the heir and her mentor? What
was the "inheritance" around which the conflict cen-
ters and why is it valuable? Who is the usurper who
claims it, and why? To what extent will the heir go to get
it back again?

Ventrue — You were not your sire's only childe,
but you were the only one to remain loyal in times of
trouble. He called you the childe of his heart as well as
his blood and trusted you with much of the running of
his business interests and charities. Then he was mur-
dered, his ashes found in the wreckage of his limousine
Despite your efforts afterward, you soon found his busi-
nesses failing, subjected to hostile takeovers by rival
firms; his charities were exposed as fraudulent fronts for
organized crime; and you yourself were set upon by
Sabbat and very nearly killed. You returned to find your
older broodmate now sitting in your sire's place on the
Board of Directors, enjoying the regard of the prince
and at full command of your sire's assets, including the
firms that had forced your own out of business. Without
suff s of your own, you cannot challenge
him. Even your sire's ghouls now serve your rival and
look upon you as the ruin of their late master's fortunes,
and you are too proud to beg succor from the one who
ruined you.

ient resource

Nosferatu — You were the odd one in the warren,
the only one who listened to the old bat. She was old,
all right — nobody knew how old — and she was more
than a little crazy, but she taught you quite a bit. She
even let yousee her journals —she must have had more
than a hundred of them, all hand-written, bound in
leather, hidden in a secret cache deep underground.

Secmion One: CHARACTER

31

You'd seen enough of them, at least the more recent
detailed accounts of

volumes, to realize what they were
her eavesdropping, rangingiffém idle gossip to dark
secrets of many kinds, such as would topple a prince or
turn childer against their sire. She told you if she were
ever lost, the books were yours — to study and to
complete. Unforéunatelysihen you found her staked
and decomposing corpse, you wasted precious time in
grieving. When you went to her cache, the precious
books we

gon

Now the prince seems to have devel-
oped a keen sense for knowing who is conspiring against
him, and his enemies; even those in other cities, myste-
riously vanish from the night. Clearly someone has the
journals and is making use of their contents, but is it the
prince himself, or is he merely the highest bidder for the
secrets they contain?

Tzimisce — Your vengeance was long in the plan-
ning. Twenty years ago, the bishop had caused the
destruction of almost your entire pack through his spite.
Only now, after building up your strength in the blood
and your fighting skills honed to a fine edge from many
war parties, did you feel ready to challenge him to

Monomacy and claim your revenge. Better yet, to taunt
him into challenging you, for he still saw youas a skinny
neonate, not the warrior who could call on the armor
and strength of the zulo. You looked forward to surpris

ing him before you claimed his blood for your own. But
you were too late. Another challenged him first and so
stole your victory, and the bishop's potent blood. Per-
haps you could have let it rest had it been anyone else
who robbed you of your vengeance, but he had been
your packmate and confidant. He had known what you
were planning, had known what this meant to you. How
dare the bastard tell you, when you confronted him
afterward, "You could not win. He would have de-
stroyed you"? Only the Vinculum between you — and
the crescent moon tattoo on his right hand — kept you
from attacking him then. He has gone on some mission
now for the Black Hand, but when he returns, his
betrayal must be paid for, if for no other reason than to

assuage your own wounded prid

Tremere — You were nothing if not ambitious; that
is why she chose you out of all the others in the cult to
receive the Embrace and assist her in her true work. You

\Vawere PLavers Guine

32

hi
cl;
in
de
Th
to
fir
ne
pa
ye:
ch
pr
pr
Yo
pre
ser
you
pet
wo
the
situ
You
the
unl

gui
sile

wot
hou
toc

mat
wen
birt
witl
the

root
stair
thro
you

daw:
Imp:
her1
her ¢
take
oh, i
all. |
repo}
his n
beau
own.
her, i
you F

tat
to
ou

have worked hard to strengthen the position of house and
clan in this city, to gain the trust of several key Kindred,
including the prince's own childe; to encourage the
development of little New Age "covens" that served
Tremere interests and willingly gave of their blood; and
to guide the chantry's investments so as to inerease its
financial resources tenfold over the past fouryears. You've
not neglected your'personal development either. You
passed your Seventh Circle initiation only a half-dozen
years ago and were the senior apprentice of your home
chantry. When your sire was sent to manage a highly
prestigious but troubled chantry on the East Coast, she
promised that she would recommend you to succeed her.
Your efforts were for naught. The pontifex sent his own
protégé upas regent, leaving you in limbo, As merely the
seniorapprentice in the chantry youhad all but built with
yourown hands,you were forced to watchas the pontifex's
pet enjoyed all therewards and .ceeognition from your
work. Unfortunately, you made the error of telling one of
the younger apprentices just what you thought of this
situation. She went and told the regent what you'd said.
You realize now that you're going to be an apprentice of
the Seventh Circle for a long, long, long time to come...
unless you become a tragic casualty first.

Malkavian — She was your love, the light that
guided you in the darkness, the soft voice that could
silence all the others that clamored in your mind. You
would visit her at night, in her bedroom at her parents!
house. She would cut her arm with a razor blade for you
to drink, and you would sing to keep away the night-
maresforher while she slept in your arms. You knew you
were destined to be together in eternity. On her 18th
birthday, you promised her, you would take her away
with you, and you would never be parted again. When
the appointed night came, however, you came into her
toom and found it empty, and the sheets of her bed
stained with her blood. Frantic with worry, you tore
through the house, but no one was home, no one to tell
you where your beloved had been taken. It was nearly
dawn before you pieced together what had happened.
Impatient with waiting, she had begun to rid herself of
her mortal blood too soon. Her parents had discovered
her and rushed her to the hospital. From there she was
taken toa psychiatric ward for further tests, and there —
oh, it was there that it happened, the worst disaster of
all. Her doctor, the pawn of another of your kind,
reported her talk of blood and sleeping with the dead to
his master. His master, seeing such a frail and delicate
beauty all but aching for the Embrace, took her as his
own. By the time you found where her parents had sent
her, it was too late ... she was lost to you forever. Now
you pine with a broken heart, watching as she reaches

one pale white arm out between the bars of the hospital
window, calling for you, for she loves you still. But she
cannot ever be yours again. Tainted with his blood,
ravaged by his lustful thirst, she is no longer pure, no
longer able to protect you from the darkness. You know
she is not to blame, but some night, he will answer for
his crime. What punishment is fitting for the one who
plucks the wings from an angel, drains the sanctity from
asaint? Yes. Yes, that will do ... that will do very well...
So you can see in this story archetype that the
character's clan may influence the details of the plot —
exactly what resource or inheritance has been lost, who
exactly the "usurper" is, or by what means the character
seeks to reclaim what she feels is rightfully hers — but the
underlying storyline remains fundamentally the same.

FLESHING OUT THE BONES

Archetypes give us just the bare bones of a charac-
ter and story. What makes that character and his
storyline unique, so that they stand out from every other
character whose storyline is based on the same arche-
type, are the details. The details provide answers to all
the little questions that arise when you look at the
archetype more closely. If the character hides from
something in his past, what is it, and why does he
conceal it? If she seeks the truth about her sire's death,
who was her sire, and what does she know so far? What
was their relationship, and why is finding the answers to
his mysterious Final Death so important to her? This is
where the character's sect — and yes, clan — start to
play a part in how the story is constructed and where it
might possibly go. Even so, a lot of more important
questions must be answered first.

The following examples take some of the story arche-
types listed previously and show to
developing them into different individual characters. In
some of them, the character's clan is apparent because
that'sone of the factors worked into the concept. In others,
it's intentionally left undefined. Story archetypes can be
inspired by characters you've seen in books, movies or a
provocative illustration in a Vampire sourcebook. Some
of these are characters I've actually play en
played — and these are only a few of many possibilities
open to you, limited only by your imagination.

few approache:

, or have

The veteran called unwillingly back into service

As personified by the character Deckard in Blade
Runner, this character has a lot of experience — but it's
not good experience. He was good at his job, but for
whatever reason, he's had enough. He wants to quit,
turn his back on itall, maybe even start a new existence
somewhere. Unfortunately, his past employers aren't
ready to let him go. Something comes up, and they lure,

Secmion One: CHARACTER

33

persuade or outright drag him back to do his duty, one
last time. Orso they promise. He knows how much their
promises are worth now, however. Whether he does
exactly what they expect of him, or does something else
entirely, is where the story lies.

© You once served as a sect official (either an
archon of the Camarilla, or a Sabbat templar), but your
idealism turned sour as you saw the hypocrisy of the
elders and their willingness to sacrifice anyone, even
their most loyal servants — even you — to preserve
their own power and illusions of justice. During your
term of office, however, you were successful in main-
taining a double identity as a member of the other sect,
and potentially could still slip into that role if you were
motivated to do so. Unfortunately, in order to persuade
you to take on the dangerous role of double-agent once
again, the method of motivation your elders have cho-
sen to use infuriates you nearly to the point of frenzy, but
it also guarantees you cannot refuse.

¢ What really makes this character unique is not his
clan or even his sect allegiance, but the hold that the
elders (or justicar, prince, bishop, etc.) have over the
character so as to force him to do what they demand. Do
they hold a childe or mortal relation hostage? If it's
blackmail, what do they know about him that he cannot
bear to have revealed? Is the character now bound by

blood oath or trapped by a thaumaturgical ritual? Or is
it merely his honor that will not allow him to refuse
when even a superior he doesn't like calls ina prestation

debt? Once you've thought of that (and discussed the
possibilities with your Storyteller), you have a real
handle on what this character really cares about, despite
his apparent cynicism. What the character cares about
provides the foundation for all his motivations.

© You were once entrusted with a great responsibility:
guarding the unlife of one you respected highly, a bishop of
great vision and wisdom whose success also made her many
enemies. You failed. You held her body as it crumbled to
ash, surrounded by the remains of those who hadkilled her,
even though your aid had come too late. For years you
wandered the world, autarkis and outcast, neither Sabbat
norCamarilla—forhow could youcontinue toserveasect
when even its most noble leaders can be cut down by pack
of rabble and call it "survival of the fittest?" Now a
Camarilla prince has learned your identity and your former
duties, and calls on you to take them up once again in his
service — or face the consequences of being recognized for
who you are. Bound in blood, your loyalty is supposedly
assured. But you are not certain if what holds you there is
your honor, your growing, grudging respect for the prince
himself orthe determination deep in yoursoul that youwill
not fail again ....

The child called upon toavenge his father's murder
Weall know this character archetype. Hamlet, who
receives his quest directly from his father's ghost; Batman,
whose crime-fighting career was inspired by witnessing
his parents' murders as a boy; Zoé of Constantinople in
Dark Ages: Ravnos, who searches all over medieval
France for the Inquisitor who killed her sire. Like Inigo
Montoya's search for the Six-Fingered Man, it's not
always the easiest quest in the world. In particular, often
the character is not sure exactly who the murderer is or
how to find the bastard again; often she is also not
powerful enough to face the culprit on her own and
hope to succeed. Of course, the reason why her mentor,
sire, pack ductus or ally was killed is often not as simple
s it first appears. Since this story may be based around
a mystery, your Storyteller will need to develop it
further, but the more clues you can provide as to the
nature of your character's relationship with the de-
ceased was, and why your character is so driven to
avenge her death, the easier it will be for the Storyteller
to fill in the blanks and provide you with a storyline
you'll be eager to pursue.
¢ Your sire, the regent of achantry ina city under
siege by the Sabbat, was killed a year ago when the
entire chantry burned to the ground with no
survivors. The Sabbat seemed the most likely culprit,
but the chantry had potent magical defenses and had
withstood many such attacks in the past. You ar-
ranged to have yourself transferred to the
re-established chantry but find your own investiga-
tions into what happened that night thwarted at
every turn, even by your superiors in the clan. You
begin to suspect that maybe it wasn't the Sabbat after
all — though if your worst suspicions prove to be
, discovering the truth may cost you your
unlife as well .

corre:

¢ Abandoned after your Embrace, you never knew
your sire; only the sponsorship of a respected elder saved
you from destruction. She taught you to survive, to use
your gifts, and helped you earn a place in Kindred
society. That she also bound you in blood seemed no
great thing, so great was your admiration and gratitude
for the one who had saved you from despair over your
undead state. She always kept things from you, of
course, but you never questioned it until the night you
felt her Final Death. The blood bond snapped, leaving
an aching sense of loss in your soul where your regnant
id once been; you swore then to find her murderers
and avenge her. All you have to go on are the impres-
sions you received just as the blood bond was broken —
recognition ... and astonishment.

\Vawoire Payers Gune

34


hy

in

al

er

ur

ed
se
ed
no
de
ur
of
ou
ng
int
ers

t5-

The snitch or former turncoat hiding from the
ones he betrayed

Usually in a movie, this character is portrayed as a
minor villain — after all, nobody likes a snitch. The
more righteous and honorable versions of this character
are known as "whistle-blowers" or "undercover cops."
The difference between scummy villain and the hero
who makes the hard but right choice seems to come
from the character's motivation: Why did he betray his
fellows? Was it for selfish reasons of gain or because the
person had no sense of honor in the first place? Or was
ithecause he realized that in order to serve some greater
good or to prevent some great evil, his allies, master or
companions must be stopped?

Unfortunately, on the matter of personal betrayal,
vampires have very long memories and can be incred-
ibly persistent — and patient — when it comes to
wreaking revenge. The most obvious storyline here
would be to have a character who originally belonged to
either the Camarilla or the Sabbat now having turned
her back on her former allegiance, and fearing retribu-
tion due to whatever betrayals of former comrades she
had to do in order to prove the sincerity of her conver-
sion. But betrayal can come in many different forms ....

* Your ambition made you careless; your pert
plan to destroy a hated rival did not go off quite as
perfectly as you'd hoped, and the Tremere warlock had
all the evidence needed to condemn you. To protect
your secret, you agreed to do this little "job" for him,
substituting your sire's prized Renaissance-era portrait
by Titian with a thaumaturgically altered forgery. Un-
fortunately, that plan didn't go off perfectly either, and
while your Tremere accomplice at least did not
your greater crime when you were both dragged before
the prince's justice, the lesser was more than enough to
destroy your reputation throughout the entire clan.
Banished from your home city, stripped of most of your

xpose

resources, you find yourself now unwelcome as one of
the clanless once your past becomes known. Your former
partner in crime was merely transferred to a chantry in
another city, but while he still holds your unlife in his
hand, he also may be the only ally you have left; if he
asks your aid, dare you refuse him now?

© She doesn't understand; she calls you bastard, and
worse traitor. She doesn't rea

you saved her
unlife; she only sees her dream of vengeance shattered.
She had nursed her vendetta for so long, worked so hard
to master the ferocious combat-form of her clan, pre-
pared for the duel that would avenge the packmates she

Section One: CHARACTER

35

had lost. Her fierce loyalty had aided you and the Hand
more than once, and the blood you shared burned in
your veins. You simply could not let her destroy herself.
Despite the bishop's lack of participation in more recent
sieges, you had seen him fight before; his strength,
ferocity and command of the shadows made him no easy
mark, no matter what she thought. But if you had tried
toexplain, you might have skirted too close to revealing
Hand secrets — and not even your packmate's unlife
was worth that. So you challenged the bishop yourself,
defying Hand policy of never openly challenging Sabbat
leadership, a Black Hand remover against an unap-
proved target. You weren't even sure you'd win, but you
did. Now the dominion wants to talk to you about your
priorities, and the packmate you risked your unlife and
status in the Hand to save is threatening to challenge
you herself if she ever sees you again. And you know she
can hold a grudge for a very, very long time ....

* You didn't really betray anyone, not even the
pack that Embraced you off the streets to serve as the
"leading edge" of an upcoming war; against exactly
whom wasn't very clear at the time. Then you and your
new buddies had a close encounter with a big black guy
who could rip steel apart with his bare hands, was armed
with the biggest damned handgun you'd ever seen and
had a couple of friends just like him. Well, you knew a
losing situation when you saw one. You fled into the
night and managed to avoid all other vampires ... for a
while. Now you have a better idea of how things stand,
and you're hanging out in Camarilla country because
they're less crazy than the other guys. You lie and claim
you know nothing of your sire or clan; better to be
thought a Caitiff than let them realize the truth. You
still look over your shoulder all the time, though,
because you're not sure that all your former packmates
are dead — and in the Sabbat, the penalty for desertion
and cowardice is a slow and excruciating Final Death.

The young or inexperienced character who has
inherited a great responsibility or power

A classic beginning to a traditional "que:
but this archetype can be overused — even abused —
if you concentrate too much on the "great power" part
of the story and overlook the "young or inexperienced"
and "responsibility" part. In a traditional quest story,
such great gifts always come paired with equally great
responsibilities, or sometimes even sacrifices, they
inevitably end up in the hands of a character who least
wants them. That is where the crux of the story is, the
balance between the power or gift, and paying the
price that comes with it. This legacy is not a blessing;
it's a burden, sometimes a curse, but for whatever
reason, your character must bear it as best she can. If

this character archetype appeals to you, talk with your
Storyteller about exactly what this legacy is, how it
came to you and what the price, responsibility or
burden is your character must also bear in addition to
the goodies. This "gift" should be more than just a
unique power or cool artifact; ideally it should be
woven into the fabric of the chronicle's history and be
significant in many ways that will draw your character
into stories that are meaningful not only for her but for
her companions as well. This kind of storyline also
lends itself well to chronicles that deal heavily in the
World of Darkness metaplot, the coming of Gehenna
or Noddist mysteries.

© Your family served a Kindred master for three
generations, but only you were deemed worthy of the
Embrace, to share not only in his power but also in his
most sacred duty — the destruction of all others in
your cursed bloodline. Five years ago, he left on such
ahunting trip, leaving you in charge of his estates and
business interests, but you never heard from him again.
Now you hide your true blood and its curse as best you
can and keep up respectable appearances and clan
social ties in your sire's unexplained absence. You also
study the books he left behind and wonder about the
value of fighting fire with fire ... and when it will be
time for you to take up the hunt where your sire left off.

* She chose you before you were even born: your
genes shaped by four centuries of careful breeding, the
date of your conception and birth determined by I
ancient auguries. Your parents laid out the plan for
your education and career, never realizing what an-
cientmind really framed their advice or ensured that
the right opportunities came your way. Yet you were a
rebel from the start, stubbornly refusing to follow in
the path they had laid down for you, fighting the
destiny she haddecreed for you even before you knew
what it was. Not that your rebellion did you any ood
She Embraced you precisely on the night she had
planned it. Now you fear your sire more than anything
in the night. Even the powerful blood that now runs in
your veins is of little good when she calls your name.
You know just enough to realize that whatever plans
she has for your eternal future, your chances of escap-
ing them grow slimmer with each passing night.

Your sire was its guardian for more than 50 years,
an antique floor mirror set in a frame of solid ma-
hogany; he kept it in his most private chambers, always
covered with a velvet cloth. You never even knew it
was there until after his Final Death. When you
uncovered it at last, you wereawed at what you saw in
its depths. A voice spoke to you, offering you a way to
see behind closed doors, to see what your enemies were

\Vaworre Pavers Guide

36

: liv
wa
mm
Te

"ne


ere

¥,

oing or who the prince was having for dinner, as long
| a5. a mirror was in the room. You can look into the
Mirror and in doing so look out of any mirror any-
itte, and not be seen. The mirror's resident spirit
‘demands that you provide things for it to see in return,
ver. While the places it allows you to see give you
literal insight into the doings of others, the things it
| Wants to see performed before its silvery face grow
"more and more degrading and perverse. You begin to
‘tealize why your sire kept it covered at all times, and
‘only used its tantalizing power when he was in great
need.
The reformed badass or repentant monster try-
‘ing to redeem himself with good deeds
Okay, before you get too excited, remember that
‘with this archetype the emphasis is on the) words
| "teformed" and "repentant," not "badass." Like'a num-
‘ber of other archetypes, this character has a past he's
‘greatly ashamed of, sometimes to the point of hiding it
even from his clos He's not necessarily a
‘combat monster; that's only one variant of the type.
‘As a mortal, he could have been a mobster, drug
| dealer, corrupt evangelist, con artist or petty thief; or
he could have been a leg-breaker, cop on the take or
soldier in wartime. Whatever his past was, the Em-
brace opened his eyes to the darkness in his own soul.
Perhaps he sees his new condition as the judgment of
‘God; perhaps in his passage from life to undeath, he
suddenly realized his soul had been judged and found
‘wanting, and, like Scrooge, he now hopes for a second
chance. Perhaps he made a desperate promise to God
as his sire bent over him with fangs bared — Lord, get
meoutof this and I'lldo anything, anything at all— which
henow feels obliged to keep, in hopes of escaping Hell.
The character could also be seeking redemption
from things she did after she was dead. It's harder to
climb up out of the well of violence and despair that
way, but not impossible. Perhaps she was a scourge
who finally realized she was merely doing the prince's
f dirty work, not really making a difference in Kindred
society at all. Maybe she suddenly realized that what
the Sabbat called freedom was little more than surren-
} dering to the most base and violent urges of the Beast,
f and resolved never again to forget what being human
4 meant. Or maybe she killed a loved one in hunger or
fage and has resolved never, ever to allow herself to do
J soagain.

The questions to answer for this character arche-
type involve what it was the character did in his past
that has so appalled him that he has determined to

| turn his unlife totally around to redeem himself from

t comrade

= ee

it, and how he plans to overcome the difficulties that
such a change creates for him.

© You were just doing your job. As an attorney,
your duty was to your clients, and you served them
well. That class-action lawsuit wasa tough one, though:
lots of media coverage, pictures of crippled children
with big puppy-dog eyes, incomprehensible biochemi-
cal analyses. It was your job to prove that runoff from
your client'schemical plant couldmot be conclusively
established as the cause of the children's ailments, and
you did itadmirably ... and pocketed a multimillion
dollar fee to-boot. Of course the first thing you did
when the masked men grabbed you off the street and
dragged you into the van was to threaten them with a
lawsuit, but that didn't matter. They beat you nearly to
death and then tossed your body into the same waste-
water dump you had recently been defending. You
awoke to darkness and excruciating pain, and when
your transformation was complete, you realized that
you had a lot more in common with those children
now, and you could sue no one for damages but
yourself. Crippled, deformed and forever smelling of
chemical waste, you wage a one-vampire war on your
former clients — and their Kindred sponsors — who
dare poison the air or water. You keep your former
identity a close secret and reserve a special hatred in
your heart for the corporate lawyers who defend such
men in business ... and hate yourself most of all.

* You served because youhad no choice, but even
that doesnot assuage your guilt. Your sire used the blood
bond and skillful psychological manipulation of your
own insecurities to make you eager to please her and
afraid of her anger, but that does not absolve you from
the torments you inflicted on the innocent, or the
deceit you practiced among your broodmates in order to
keep yourself first in her favor. You hated her with all
your unbeating heart but would kill and maim at her
command because it thrilled you to see her smile, and
because you were too afraid to resist the hold she had
over your soul. When her enemies destroyed her, you
survived only because you were too far away to return to
her side in time. You felt the blood bond snap, and for
the first time since you first laid eyes on her, you were
free—free of her cruel jests, her merciless vendettas and
boundless ambitions satisfied through your talons, obe-
dience and blood. You're not entirely sure what you
want to do with yourself now, but you are resolved;
never again will you kill at another's command or give
yourself over to the power of another's will. Instead you
search desperately for hope, for some sign that even a
monster like you have been can make some recompense
and penance for the sins that stain your soul.

Section One: CHARACTER

4, 37


GETTING THE Most
FROM TRAITS

As a player or Storyteller, you may sometimes
wonder if the rules for Traits cover a situation. For
instance, does your Camarilla character know her city's
prince? No Trait specifically says whether a character
does or doesn't.

In some cases, lack of a game mechanic might not
matter. If you say that your character merely knows the
prince socially and casually, and gainsno benefit compared
to other Kindred, your Storyteller most likely will not
demand anything more than that statement. You need a
Trait only if something has a noticeable effect on play.

Suppose the prince likes your character but not
enough to help her as a Mentor. The two characters
merely share a taste for, say, Italian cinema. They talk
about Italian movies at Elysium, but the prince won't
necessarily defend your character or help with her
problems. Your character still gains minor benefits,
though. Other Kindred respect her more than they
would otherwise. Although the character might be a
childe of no achievement, she has the prince's ear.
Maybe she could put in a good word for some other
character? That

sounds like a dot of Status. Nothing in
the rules for that Background says characters can gain
Status by sharing a hobby with an influential Kindred,
but nothing says they can't.

Vampire keeps Trait descriptions simple and a bit
loose so they can cover more situations. The systems for
"vampiric" stuff — the Disciplines, blood pools and the

like — are narrow and definite because they are just
made up. They don't have to represent the endless
diversity of real people. You could never hope to list
every skill that people can learn or every way they
connect to other people — so Vampire doesn't try.
Instead, the game distills human variation into a set of
Traits small enough to manage in play. The variations
still exist: The dots on a character sheet merely give a
shorthand version of the real character who exists in
your imagination.

When you design a character, give thought to what
the Traits describe. Don't let your character have an
abstract "Charisma" or "Politics" or "Allies." What
makes your character charismatic, or not? How did she
become an expert in politics, and why? What binds your
allies to you and you to them? As you define the
meanings behind the Traits, your character becomes
more detailed and more interesting to play.

Sometimes, as in the example above, you may find
thatno Trait obviously describes what you want for your
character. Don't throw out the character concept! If
teal, everyday people could know, own or be what you
imagine for your character, stretch the rules until they
fit. They can stretch a long way

ATTRIBUTES

Let's begin with the Attributes. At first glance,
these seem quite rigidly defined. Vampire even gives
real-life equivalents for some Attributes, such as how
much you can lift with a given Strength or an IQ rating
for Intelligence.

Specialties put the lie to this simplistic view. Two
characters with Strengths of 4 do not have the same
Trait. They both lift 400 pounds, but one has Fists Like
Anvils —he hits harder than other people who receive
the same Strength rating. The other might have an Iron
Grip — she's especially good at holding on and squeez-
ing. A third character might possess a specialty of
Weightlifting, to indicate that actually he can lift more
than 400 pounds, though not enough to justify another
dot of Strength.

Even for Attribute ratings of 2 or 3, you might want
to think about what sort of "specialties" you could use to
describe a character. For instance, a character with
Intelligence 2 has a merely average IQ, but that average
conceals enormous diversity in how people think. Does
the character have, say, pretty good spatial reasoning
but does not know a great deal? Does she read a lot, but
uncritically? These differences may not matter in terms
of dice rolling but can give you a more complete image
of your character.

Attributes rated at 1 cry out for explanation as
much as Attributes at 4 or 5. Why is a character so
unusually weak, or lacking in charm, or clueless? Just as
with high ratings and proclivities, low ratings can
represent a range of debilities or incompetence.

Strength: A character with Strength | poss
very little muscle power. This could represent a child or
a feeble oldster as well as a mature weakling. Such a
wimp might be skinny or fat — the rating doesn't say.

Dexterity: This Trait encompasses speed, agility,
precision and several other aptitudes. A severe defi-
ciency in any of them might justify a rating of 1. A
character with Dexterity 1 might be so clumsy that he
can hardly cross a room without. knocking something
over. She might move slowly because she needs a cane
or walker to get around. Such a slow or graceless
character might suffer from the palsy of age or arthritic
stiffness Or be weighed down by obesity.

Vane Pavers Guide

38


Stamina: Once again, youth or age can justify a very
OW Traitrating. Stamina | might also represent ine

dur
If other chronic condition that limits exertion
ou ough these matter for mortals more than for Cainites).
ley Charisma: A character with Charisma | barely
upinges on other characters' consciousness and pos-
ses little resistance to psychological pressure (since
isma-based dice pools are often opposed to Ma-
ce, hipulation-based pools). Such a low rating could
ves Tepresenta very shy character, someone beaten down by
ow life or some more serious neuro:
ing "Manipulation: A very low Manipulation rating
ts someone almost devoid of persuasive skills.
wo fanipulation 1 could represent anything from a severe
me mmer to compulsive rudeness.
ike Appearance: While one usually thinks of Appear-
ive ‘ance | as physical ugliness, it could also represent body
ron dor, dirty, ragged clothing or other failures of basic
pez- hygiene. Very bad manners or repulsive habits could
of ‘also generate a low Appearance rating, such asa person
ore o compulsively picks his nose.
her Perception: People can suffer from a low Percep-
for many reasons. Perception 1 could represent a
‘ant ysical defect in a person's senses, such as. partial
eto ess or extreme nearsightedness. Poor Perception
vith inalso result from sheer inattention to one's surround-
rage like the clichéd absent-minded professor distracted
does by the wonderful thoughts in his head.
ting "Intelligence: A low Intelligence rating can indi-
but cate actual mental retardation, but Intelligence 1 could
rms "also represent extreme ignorance — your mind works
lage | fine but lacks material to work on or to place new

information in context. It could also suggest a person
who actively refuses to think, such as a fanatical True
Believer or a sullen teenager who thinks that nothing
deserves his attention but girls, music, sports and cars.

Wits: People with Wits 1 may live in perpetual
confusion or simply think in a slow, methodical way.
This Trait also plays a role in detecting deception, so
Wits 1 could also indicate extreme naiveté or gullibil-
ity. Drug abuse or other forms of brain damage could
cause low ratings in any Mental Trait. So can various
forms of mental illness.

You can use combinations of high and low At-
tribute ratings to portray many aspects of character that
fall beyond the scope of explicit rules. For instance,
Vampire mentions schizophrenia as a derangement

cane with certain penalties to Willpower rolls and rolls to
eless tesist frenzy, but that barely scratches the surface of this
iritic disability. A schizophrenic also hears constant roars,

whines and voices, sees things that don't exist and

cannot ascribe correct meanings to the actions and
events around him. A schizophrenic character, there-
fore, might have very low Perception and Wits ratings
—at least when she's off her medication — to represent
her problems in telling what's real in the maelstrom of
hallucinations.

In less drastic ways, combinations of Attributes can
show a character's personality. A brilliant but arrogant
character might possess high Mental Traits. but low
Social Traits. No game mechanic exists for "arrogant
intellectual," but the combination of Trait ratings helps
you translate a roleplayed persona into dice rolls.

ABILITIES

Ofall the "hard" Traits, Abilities limit you the least
when you design characters. That's because you can
invent whatever Abilities you want: The 30 described
in the Vampire rulebook and the others in the Vampire
Storytellers Companion merely provide especially use-
ful examples.

Before you invent new Talents, Skills and
Knowledges, though, see if you can't fit a character's
aptitude into one that already exists. As with At-
tributes, many Abilities encompass a diverse array of
possible aptitudes. (It's what we try to do here at the
Game Studio so as to keep the systems streamlined.)

Consider Brawl as an example. That Talent means
you're good at hitting people; itdoesn't say why. A high
Brawl rating could represent anything from years of
martial arts study to furious, untrained street-fighting.
In the same manner, Academics could indicate a great
memory for trivia as easily as a college degree (though
high ratings do suggest a higher education, or at least
intensive self-study). Don't forget that some Abilities
are "envelopes" for Abilities that are more specific.
Crafts, for example, covers everything from auto main-
tenance to oil painting. You don't have to invent new
Abilities to make your character a martial artist, a trivia
wizard or a mechanic.

A single field of training might suggest several
different Abilities, too. If you have trouble thinking of
Knowledges, Skills and Talents for your character,
delve into her concept and examine it from all angles.

For a simple example, consider Joe KarateGuy, an
idiotically simple character concept. His sire Embraced
Joe KarateGuy to have a bodyguard childe. Joe's player
has already given him plenty of Athletics, Brawl and
Dodge and needs help finding more Abilities.

What goes into martial arts training besides fight-
ing? Eastern philosophy, breath control and "centering"
exercises, for one thing — that's Meditation, a Second-
ary Skill. Martial artists also learn sports medicine and

Secon One: CHaRacTER

39


possibly some traditional Asian healing arts — give Joe
a dot of Medicine. If Joe wants to learn karate straight
from the source, he might learn Japanese — a dot of
Linguistics, if you please. Each of these new Abilities, in
turn, can suggest new interests and personality notions
for Joe. Keep this up, and this one-dimensional concept
might turn into a real character.

A character's Abilities may also suggest various
possessions. For instance, a character with two or more
dots in Science probably owns the tools to apply that
Knowledge — or at least knows where to get them.
Resources may provide a clue to the character's lab
facilities, but don't restrict yourself to that Background
as a guideline. The character could also borrow equip-
ment froma Contact or Ally. You do not need to invent
new Merit called "Laboratory" — the Science Trait
implies it.

BACKGROUNDS

Backgrounds present a vast range of options. On!
Generation represents anything fixed and intrinsically
vampiric. You can interpret all the other Backgrounds
in many different ways, to indicate virtually any sort of
social connection.

ALLIES

"Come on," Beckett said, "You don't speak Romanian
and I know this is your first time outside the U.S. You know
someone in Bucharest who can help us?"

Harley did not even look up as she paged through the
phone book. "Wanna bet?"

Her fellow Gangrel smiled skeptically. "You're on. A
hundred bucks, or something else?"

Harley tapped the phone book with her finger and
picked up the hotel's phone. "Money's fine. And I don't
need Romanian with these people." She dialed, waited, then
spoke in a language Beckett did not know. It sounded like a
Romance tongue, though.

Harley talked — no, chatted — for about five minutes
before she hung up the phone. She turned to the Gangrel
explorer and grinned. "They'll be here in 15 minutes, and
you owe me a hundred bucks." She turned the phone book
to him and pointed to an entry.

"There are Esperanto clubs allover the world," Harley said.
"The Bucharest clubis glad to help a fellow speaker who'sin aspot
of trouble." Her grin tuned malicious. "Sorry, oh great explorer.
I'm afraid this time you'll need me as a translator."

This Background covers any mortal person or orga-
nization that can help you in some way. As such it
overlaps with many other Backgrounds: Whether you
represent your character's connections as Allies, Con-
tacts, Influence orsome other Background often depends
on shades of meaning and the sort of assistance you want.

SupeRNATURAL ALLIES?

Vampire and the other World of Darkness
games generally discourage the idea of Allies, Con-
tacts or Influence with different supernatural
"species." The subject is just too complicated. Learn-
ing one game's rules and setting is burden enough;
we don't demand that you learn them all just so Joe
Neonate can list "Lupine Ally" on his character
sheet.

Ties toa radically different culture, with differ-
ent interests, also imply that you move beyond the
prejudices and habits of your own supernatural kind.
Many creatures in the World of Darkness would
consider such ties treasonous or blasphemous. You
don't just happen to have a friend who's a werewolf,
ghost, mage or demon. Supernatural Contacts and
Allies can form the focus of an entire story arc and
probably deserve that much attention. If you possess
the ambition to tell such a story, more power to you.

If you do wish to permit supernatural Allies,
Contacts or other non-vampiric Backgrounds in
your chronicle, we recommend that you increase
their cost by at least one dot. Thus, your dead mortal
brother who became a ghost is at least a two-dot
Ally. We also recommend that you keep supernatu-
ral ties separate from mortal or Kindred-related
Backgrounds, to reflect how extraordinary they are.

Standard Allies are individual mortals such as
friends, relatives, business partners and people who owe
you favors. You can generalize this Background, how-
ever, to include groups such as street gangs, busines

eS
or local newspapers. A character who plays his cards
right can expand a relationship with one person to a
relationship with that person's entire group. For in-
stance, you may start with a close connection to the
night editor at the local newspaper but become known
to all the reporters as that editor's go-to guy and a
reliable source in certain matters. Youshouldn't have to
buy a dot of Allies for every reporter you know; you just
take two (or more) dots in this Background and list
"Daily Herald staffers" as one of the groups you know.

Allies do not necessarily include Kindred acquain-
tances and associates. For that, you may wish to use
Mentor (no matter who has more power in the relation-
ship), Contacts or even Retainers.

COonrtTACTS

Dear Ms. Sturbridge:

Thank you once again for your generous support of our
investigation. Thanks to the special cameras you provided,
we caught the crop circle makers in the act and filmed their

Vawenre Payers Guide

4


‘ur
‘d,

eir

entire performance from nearly a mile away. As the video
shows, they wear robes while laying out their design. First,
they press out one moderately complex set of arcs and
tircles. After a dance lasting nearly half an hour — and a
bit of drinking, it looks like — they seem to hold some sort
Oforgy. The camera angle is unfortunately too shallow to be
definite on this point. Then they put on their robes again and
press down more of the crops to obscure the original design

lam not sure whether we have acult or just some college
students combining a party with an elaborate prank. As
usual, though, the apparent "
to have an entirely mundane explanation

Sincerely,

Alan Fellowes

New York Skeptic's Association

rop circle mystery" turns out

Remember that dots in this Background represent your
character's major Contacts
and personalities as characters in their own right. Give
thought, however, to what sort of minor Contacts your
character also possesses. What sort of people does he associ-
atewith, in lifeand undeath? Look at yourcharacterconcept
and Abilities for clues to possible Contacts. An Embraced
guitarist probably knows other musicians, as well as the

the ones who receive names

owners of bars where he played (or still plays), managers,
agents and other people in the music business. A doctor
knows other doctors, nurses, pharmacists and health care
workers, as well as insurance agents, drug company sales-
men, lawyers and former patients. You can also assume that
both characters know who's who and what's happening in
their industries without the need for Knowledges like "Mu-
sic Lore" or "Medical Industry Current Events."

Although a character's mortal profession and main
interests provide useful guidelines when selecting Con-
tacts, do not feel limited by them. Feel free to surprise
the other characters with some unexpected Contact,
like a physics professor who knows a local semi-pro
wrestler, or a carjacker with a wealthy father.

If the Storyteller permits, you can also stretch Con-
tacts to include groups and institutions. For instance, a
clipping service, a subscription to a private library and a
security clearance all provide information, even though
they are not individuals, or even people at all.

Fame

"Oh, wow, sir! I've read, like, all-your books! Except for
Blood Tales of Brazil. | can't find that one. It's such an honor
to meet you! I've got all the newspaper clippings about the

Section One: CHARACTER

Slashed Wrist Killer, just like I said in my letter. My friend
Maribeth is very psychic and she's sure some supernatural
power did the killings. What do you think, Mr. Quinn?"

"I think I need to see coroner's reports, Mr. ... Walsh,
was it? And I need to see the places where the bodies were
found. I'm sure that you and Maribeth can be a great help
in my investigation." Victor Quinn smiled in grim determi-
nation. Perhaps this time he would find the proof to convince
the scoffers. The proof that vampires walked among men.

This Background normally refers to general celeb-
rity, the sort that rap stars, actors and pro athletes enjoy.
At the Storyteller's option, however, you can stretch
Fame to cover reputations that are more specialized. In
brief, Fame means that other people want you as a
Contact. That may include other Kindred. Alternate
forms of Fame generally do not help a Cainite hunt, but
they may grant analogous benefits in other social ven-
ues. For instance:

"Top Man": You are a world-renowned expert in
some specialized field, such as quantum physics, Middle
Eastern studies or early Chinese epigraphy. Other ex-
perts consult you, which can lead you to intriguing
mysteries. Depending on your field, government offi-
cials may take your advice and trust you with sensitive
information. For each dot of Fame, you have —I diffi-
culty in interacting with other people in your field.
Since "Top Man" typically involves fields obscure to
most people, however, this form of Fame maxes out at
three dots.

Rep: Early in your unlife, you did something amaz-
ing and all the other local Kindred know about it and
respect you for it. Exactly how this benefits youdepends
on your deed. If you gained a Rep as a badass by killing
a Lupine, you might receive —2 difficulty on Intimida-
tion rolls against local Kindred. If you ran through
sunlight to save your sire's unlife, the Storyteller might
grant a bonus when dealing with elders, who appreciate
such devotion in childer. Rep tops out at two dots, at
least for starting characters, because word travels slowly
among the Kindred.

Elysium Regular: You diligently attend every
Elysium and take care to impress your elders with your
good manners and discreet flattery. This minor form of
Fame does not grant any benefits in terms of game
mechanics. When you want to talk to an elder, how-
ever, he's more likely to hear you out instead ofslamming
the door in your face. Elysium Regular never exceeds
one dot, since it is a strictly local form of Fame. The
Sabbat version is called Ritae Regular.

Herp
Bill Polotski looked down at the unshaven, gray-haired
man huddled under the thin, ragged blanket and his own

\Vamee PLayErS Guipé

n

stained and torn coat. Polotski's day manager Carl stood
beside him. Together, they nearly filled the cubicle. Above
them the lights buzzed and flickered through the chicken-
wire roof of the cubicle. Rows and columns of identical
cubicles filled this floor of the Happy Home Hotel. Sounds
of snoring rose from several cubicles; in one, a cheap
transistor radio droned.

"I think it's pneumonia, sir," the day manager said softly.
"He won't last long anyway, if you wish to drink him dry."

Polotski shook his head. "No, Carl," he said. "Jackson has
lived here for many years. He has fed me several times. We do
not abandon our guests in their hour of need." He pondered a }}
moment, then hoisted the grizzled alcoholic in his arms. "We }f
shall take him to the clinic. The doctor owes me a favor."

A Herd has two elements: You can feed on these
vessels with relative ease, and they may perform very minor
services for you. Herds usually combine these functions in
the same people, but that doesn't always have to be the
case. The actual numbers of people in a Herd can also vary
from the standard listings. A Herd could contain more
vessels than its rating suggests if the mortals are less
convenient for feeding or less useful as minions.

Don't forget that the vessels in a Herd possess
abilities, property and connections of their own. A
Herd can justify many other Backgrounds, such as
Allies, Contacts, Influence, Resources and Retainers.
For instance, you can probably pick a few people from
your Herd to serve you as Retainers.

Vampire, p. 131, lists the blood cult and the circle
of kinky clubbers as typical Herds. Here are some other
possibilities to start you thinking:

Nightclub: Go beyond the blood doll sycophants |
to own the nightclub yourself. People come, people go,
people pass out and are carried off the floor ... feed all
you want; as long as you don't leave corpses, no one will
notice. In addition to Resources and ties to the enter- f
tainment industry, you might develop your nightclub
into aregular Rack for your fellow Kindred and so build
some modest Status.

Butcher Shop: Owning a butcher shop guarantees
that you may feed copiously, if not well. Cultivate the
daytime employees for the service aspect of your Herd,
or go all the way and make them Retainers.

Company: You own a small business and use
its employees as your Herd. Of course, you need to
make sure that plenty of employees work nights. }
Give thought to how you justify feeding from
them, too: Even in the World of Darkness, few
people feel so desperate for a job that they let
their boss chew on their neck. "Do you want to
keep this job?" may help you browbeat employees
into doing little favors for you, though. Owning a


} company means a lot of work but brings Resources

nd perhaps other Backgrounds as well.
Hospital/Blood Bank/Plasma Center: People

ou drink it. This requires creative record-keep-

to hide the discrepancies between blood acquired

‘ap ad dispensed. You can parlay any of these institutions

broader ties to the health care industry. Keep in
by. ind, though, that managing a hospital is a full-time
‘a You may prefer merely to suborn a few key person-
has hel as Retainers and feed on the patients.

For a variation, run a nursing home. If an oldster

da bbles about blood-drinkers in the night, other people
We put it down to senility. If you lose control and someone
Be icll, they were old, anyway.
poe Gang: A few well considered displays of supernatu-
ae ‘strength and toughness can secure the submission of
sin street gang. Snapping the neck of the previous leader
the usually a good place to start. Unless or until you want
Bry, blood bond or condition the gang members, you
pe should probably avoid feeding directly from these ves-
less sels. You might command your gang-bangers to bleed
into a cup for you to drink, though, and pass it off as a
jess macho ritual of fealty. Drug-dealing and other crimes
A can bring Resources as well as ties to the rest of the city's
BS criminal and street cultures.
ers. Slum: You don't have to own a public housing
us | project, flophouse or other slum edifice to effectively rule
itand prey upon it. Most of the rest of the world considers
cle these people a nuisance and would rather forget about
her them. A large transient population makes your predation
even easier to hide. Don't expect much in the way of
ints Service from your terrified or despairing vessels, but you
go, | might develop street ties through a slum.
fall Variations include youth hostels and cheap motels.
will Gated Community: At the other social extreme,
ter-

consider one of those very nice housing developments
# with a high wall and a guard at the gate. The upper-

tniddle-class people who hide behind the walls may fear
# the world more than they fear you. As long as they give

tegularly at whatever you set up as your "altar," you'll
| Keep the criminals away and the property values high.
| This is a major Herd. You can parlay a gated community
| into extensive Contacts, Allies, Influence or Resources

aild

tees
the
erd,

Cyprian stood and leaned over his desk. "No games,
Brujah. I know your connections. I know you ordered this
slowdown and I know what you think you'll extort from
me." He let his fangs lengthen and the fury of the Beast shine
in his eyes, a mere hint of the full, dreadful wrath he could
project. The Brujah, no stranger to emotional tricks himself,
still shrank back in his seat. "You get nothing except to
survive another night. Tell the subcontractors to speed up.
And Mackelroy ... don't challenge me again."

Players most often use this Background to measure
political power, such as your ability to quash investiga-
tions or use the authorities to harass your enemies.
That's certainly a valuable form of Influence, but char-
acters can acquire power within other sorts of institutions.
The Lasombra, for instance, wield potent Church Influ-
ence in Spain and Latin America. In such devoutly
Roman Catholic countries, a priest can mobilize a
village and an archbishop can shake a government
(though the government may shake back).

If you and your fellow players enjoy games filled
with intrigue, look in the sidebar nearby for other
avenues of social manipulation. Criminal and Street
ties give a chance to collect secrets and blackmail the
authorities. Media and Charity connections enable you
to appeal directly to popular sentiment. Rally the busi-
ness community to your cause and you just might buy
whatever Influence you need. Even small, odd groups
such as occult societies may provide indirect routes to
power if you cultivate them correctly: For instance,
convince the senator that your pet astrologer can guide
his re-election campaign, or entice the governor's wife
into your spiritualist group. The "mad monk" Rasputin
showed how fara fringe-religion figure can go as a power
behind the throne.

As always, Storytellers should try not to leave
Influence as a purely systemic game mechanic. Ask
each player to explain what sort of Influence his char-
acter commands, how he gained it and what he does to
maintain it. The more you know about a character's
Influence, the more easily you can give hima chance to
wield it ... or defend it against his enemies.

MENTOR
Jerry asked, "Did you have any trouble getting here?"

use 45 well — but it takes a lot of work to establish. "Nota bit," his brother Jeff replied. "I met a pack at the
ito Arence gas station on 39th, but the passwords you gave me worked
hts. Be Cyprian Bond slapped the reports down onto his desk just fine. They thought I was from a roving pack. And I
om Mi ired atMacheleoy®™ The cancer center is weeks finally got your face-shifting trick down, so they'll never see
few iehind schedule" he sai ‘Lfind that ... unacceptable. The ™€ twice." The two brothers grinned in fraternal con-
let | work slowdown must cease." gs 2 f
t to EE hry leaned back in his chair. "Okay. Fine. ‘Great. That's great. Now what can you tell me about
jees Bite, What am I supposed to do about it?" " the Leeches in your town? I'd like to visit without anyone
nga
Sev One: CHARACTER

4B


staking me as a Sabbat spy

Vampire usually assumes that a character's Mentor
is an older Cainite who provides advice and possibly
some contact with the higher reaches of Camarilla or
Sabbat society. You can generalize this Background to
cover all sorts of Kindred connections, though. For
instance, a one-dot "Mentor" could be a friend from
your mortal days who was also Embraced — and, re-
markably, remainsa trustworthy comrade. Higherratings
in this Trait can indicate a Mentor in a more valuable
position, regardless of his age or Status; for example, a
neonate "mole" who passes information from within a
rival sect could be worth as much asa bishop, archon or
other midrange officer within your own sect. If both
characters pass information to each other, each one
could claim the other as a Mentor (assuming you didn't
merely wish to classify each other as Contacts).

Atthe Storyteller's option, Mentors do not have to
be Kindred. A mortal in a position of power, or even an
organization that backs you, could count as a Mentor.
Such cases overlap with Allies or Influence. In general,
though, characters accept Mentors perior to them.
If the mortal individual or organization works your will
and expects favors in return, it's an Ally. If you work the
mortal's will and receive privileges in return, it's a
Mentor. With mortal or institutional Mentors, of course,
the question arises how you hide the fact that you're a
vampire. If youdon't, and trust your Mentor to keep the
secret ... well, that's a dangerous game indeed.
Resources

"T wish to collect on my boon," Ahmose said. "Ten
thousand dollars, cash."

The primogen's eyebrows rose. "A Setite, asking for
money? Why don't you just sell some heroin, or kill one of
your cultists and collect the insurance?"

Ahmose's eyes narrowed and his hands tightened on the
serpentine arms of his chair, but his voice remained cool and
calm. "What a strange picture you have of my clan. I do not
deal drugs, and my followers are dearer to me than my own
childer. I repaired your reputation after that unfortunate
incident at the Metroplex. This is my fee. The first part of
my fee." The Setite smiled. "Or would yourather I ... undid
my work?"

Give thought to how your character acquires and
maintains her Resources. Those little dots on a page can
conceal entire worlds of social connection, effort—and
story hooks. What forms do your character's Resources
take? Cash in the bank, investments, real estate, black-
mail victims, donations from your herd?

Remember that Resources measure liquid assets more
than total property. Your Nosferatu might claim an entire

derelict, long-forgotten subway station as his haven, but if
he can't take out a mortgage on it, does it really count asa
Resource? It's an asset, certainly, but not a financial one.

For another example, consider a Kindred from a
once-rich family now sunk into genteel poverty. She
inherits a run-down mansion ... and all the expense it
carries. The house and land would fetch a good price if
sold, but as it stands, they consume wealth. The Re-
sources entry in Vampire: The Masquerade suggests
Resources 4 as the minimum for a character to own a
mansion. In this case, however, Resources 1 could be
appropriate, to reflect how utility bills, property taxes
and general upkeep leave the character with little
income for other purpos

On the other hand, a character might own very
little but collect wealth by unconventional means. A
Malkavian restaurateur with a knack for guessing "the
next big trend in dining out" could write off or borrow
whatever money he needs, at least in the short term. An
Osiris can tithe her blood cult to cover her expenses.
Such forms of Resources are less useful, in some ways,
than a stock portfolio and money in the bank, but they
carry their own advantages too (such as creatively
losing profit to avoid taxes and relative immunity from
business shake-ups).

Here, especially, let character concept and com-
mon sense trump dots on a page. Give your character
the possessions that make sense for her interests and her
background. You don't need to spend character points
to justify every detail. If you want your character to have
a cool car and a sweet condo, come up with a story
reason for them — and worry about Resource ratings
later.

RETAINERS

Jenny climbed the steps from the basement to the
kitchen and found her mother pulling the roast from the
oven. "Just in time, dear," her mother said. "We're just
about to eat. Oh—and your father says he's almost finished
with your tax returns. He'll explain them to you after
dinner." Jenny's mother moved to the refrigerator, pulled
out a jar full of a dark red, congealed mass and popped it in
the microwave. It looked far less appetizing than the roast
nestled amid the carrots and potatoes. Jenny regretted her
lost mortality yet again. Her mother prattled on. "You've
done so much work for the prince lately, you ought to invite
him over for dinner some evening. It'd be a great honor, I'm
sure, and your father and | like to know all about the people
who are so important in your new, well, life."

"Mom! You can' t offer the prince reheated pig' s blood!"

"know, dear. [can't say Ilike the thought of your boss biting
us, but if it helps your career we'll all be brave about it."

Vaweire PLavers Guibe

44


ry

vite
I'm

ple

id!"

iting

This Background can overlap with Herd. The dif-
ferences lie in the degree and value of service. Three
ignorant dupes who help run your business are a Herd.
Three blood bound ghouls who help run your business,
Maintain your haven and dispose of your victims are
Retainers. When in doubt, ask if the character values a
minion individually or treats the flunky as a disposable
Sndanonymous member ofa group. Ifa minion is worth
giving a name, he's a Retainer. Because of the invest-
Ment in vitae they require, human and animal ghouls
almost always count as Retainers

Retainers do not all serve for the same reasons. The
*Renfield" enslaved by his master's vitae forms the stan-
dard, but don't ignore other possibilities. A Kindred
businessman might employ a secretary or work with a
mortal partner without even revealing he's undead
mortal friend or relative who knows a Cainite's secret
might help her due to loyalty and affection, without
Wanting any supernatural investment on his own part in
return. Less wholesome ties include blackmail, extortion
and sheer terror; the Tzimisce are notorious for deform-
inghapless mortals and promising to restore their human
appearances after suitable periods of flawless service.

Stat
Colonel Washam leaned out the car window and
proffered his ID badge. The gate guard looked at the badge
and drew in his breath sharply
ir! We thought you were dead!"

‘lam, As far as the |
concemed, I'm missing and presumed dead. And you never
saw me or had this conversation. Do you understand?"

The guard swallowed hard and saluted. "Yes, sir
Perfectly, sir." A moment later, the gate lifted and Colonel
Washam drove onto the Army base.

Private nited States Army is

Status indicates membership and rank within a
social hierarchy. In Vampire, it specifically refers to a
character's place in the Camarilla or Sabbat. You can
broaden its meaning to any institution, though. Some
clans establish their own status hierarchies in the form

of Clan Prestige: For instance, the Followers of Set grant

prestige based on age and achievements within their
dark faith. Mortals receive $

atus based on their insti-

tutions, too. You can give characters Status based on
military ran

, political office, ordination as a priest or
even membership in a crime syndicate. Status can also
represent a professional license, such as a lawyer's bar
accreditation, or any other special privilege such as a
security clearance.

Section One: CHARACTER

45

EXAMPLES OF STATUS expl
. Bounty Hunter's License: While in pursuit of bail-jumping fugitives, you may break into homes, show
carry weapons and ignore many aspects of due process. conc
° Doctor's License: You can legally practice medicine. may)
° Made Man: You belong toa crime syndicate and receive a certain degree of trust from the leadership. Mas:
. Non-Commissioned Officer: You hold a position of local responsibility within a military. Ex:
. Ordination: You are a priest of a significant religion, which grants certain privileges such as Inri
confidentiality (the "seal of the confessional") and tax exemptions.
. Security Clearance: You can access certain classes of secret government information (though you ther
must explain why you want it). thet
fe. Selectman: Youliold atelaee cata eaey eon knoy
. Tenured Professor: As long as you teach or publish, you can call on a university's resources. A }
oe Abbot: The head of a religious community, such as a Roman Catholic or Buddhist monastery. aa
oe Bishop: The mortal variety. You receive authority over the priests, nuns, lay. workers and other people tera,
in holy orders within your diocese, and control Church funds. Influ
oe Commissioned Officer: You hold a rank of some authority within a military, such as a lieutenancy }
or captaincy. oni
oe Judge: You oversee civil and criminal cases within a county or city jurisdiction. tax f
ee Mayor: You lead a city government. peop
eee Appellate or State Supreme Court Judge: You review the decisions of other judges or hear cases ence
involving state government. legal
eee Archbishop: The mortal variety. You wield authority over the bishops, priests and other people in I
holy orders within your archdiocese, subject to no one except the Pope. You administer hundreds of self,
millions of dollars in Church funds and receive wide political aécess. on th
eee — Brass: You hold a command rank within a nation's military, such as major, colonel or commodore. learn
eee Corporate CEO: You run a major company. In addition to the Resources of the company, you wield or raj
some power over your employees. ] Eepay
eee Mob Boss: You lead a crime syndicate whose reach extends through at least one city. ¢
eee State Congressman: You are elected to a state or provincial legislature. hum:
eee University President: In addition to some social prominence, you can mobilize nearly unlimited 5 lee
academic resources. ; ral
eeee Ayatollah: You hold a position of religious authority in Islam, and political authority in Iran. aaa
eeee Congressman: Youare elected toa national legislature. Depending on your committee memberships, "ea
nearly all government information is open to you. Sharh
eeee General/Admiral: You hold one of the highest ranks in a national military. count
eeee Governor: You lead a state or provincial government. peopl
National President/Prime Minister: You lead the government of a nation. youc
Pope: You lead the Roman Catholic Church. Few religions ordain analogous positions, but the Aga wield
Khan (head of the Ismaili sect of Islam) might qualify. G
 Secretary/Minister: You lead a major national bureaucracy, such as the Department of Health and minis
Human Services or the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. cruitl
© Supreme Court Justice: You belong to the highest court of a nation. As such, the law is what you You ¢
say it is. (thou
blatar
nudge
One dot of Status adequately represents most such li- for its CEO to receive Status equal to a Camarilla justicar or withit
censes and privileges. Only the largest and most powerful a national president. The hierarchies of universities, minor fel
institutionscan providefourorfivedotsofStatus.Forinstance, __ religions, smaller corporations or other institutions generally under
acorporation would have to be very rich and far-flung indeed —_provide no more than three dots of Status.

Vawere Pavers Gue
6 1

Note that some of these will require significant
ation on the part of the player, while others
id be ruled out entirely, as far as the Kindred are
med. A mortal character may well end up as
, but a vampire? Let's not test the limits of the

uerade ....

pLes or ALLIes, CONTACTSOR
UENCE

The more dots you have ina particular Background,

ie more information or assistance you can obtain and

more power you can wield over all the people you

Se.

kno

Many of these forms of Allies, Contacts and Influ-
have also seen publication as Merits. They are
nore efficiently bought as Backgrounds, since a charac-
rgains general advantages from high Ally, Contact or
ice Traits as well as ties to specific groups.
Bureaucratic: Depending on the bureaucracy,
Sontacts give you information about property records,
filings and other bits of the paper trail all modern
eople leave behind them. Bureaucratic Allies or Influ-
help you obtain permits, bypass regulations or
ly harass your enemies.
Business: Even if you do not own a business your-
atleast one local businessman knows you. Depending
on the nature and extent of your business ties, you can
the plans of local companies, lobby governments
iise money in the form of loans ... that you must
if you want to keep your corporate friends.
Charity: You know and are known to at least one
itarian group. Your charity ties could range from
homeless shelter to a major NGO such as
ors Without Borders. Charitable Contacts may
ply donor lists or information about poor « in
city or abroad. Globe-trotting Kindred are well
to seek NGO Contacts or Allies, since these
uaritable groups often know more about Third World
untries, and enjoy better relationships with their
ple, than those nations' governments do. Locally,
ican Influence charity groups to stage protests and so
ield indirect power over social and political issues.
Church: One dot means you know a priest or
Minister. Five dots mean you gather information, re-
‘ctuithelpand influence policy fora major denomination.
You can use church ties to create rallies, raise funds
T (though at risk of scandal if the project veers too
blatantly from the church's legitimate interests) and
nudge social agendas. You may also affect those clergy

oe

*

Rt

Lens Taal
feat?

tor within your reach.

Gor Criminal: Allies, Contacts or Influence in the

ally underworld can range from a lone cat burglar to an
ig g

|
]
4

47

entire Mafia family. Depending on the nature and
extent of your criminal ties, they can help you steal
things, raise or launder money, gather information,
hide bodies or obtain contraband. Some criminal ties
can kill people for you, but they demand equally formi-
dable favors in return.

Extremist Group: Some paramilitary kooks think
you're one of them, or at least sympathetic to their
cause. Extremists require careful exploitation: Youneed
to convince them that a particular action fits within
their particular obsession. The authorities also tend to
clamp down hard after a spasm of violence, and shield-
ing terrorists from the law takes a lot of work. These nuts
are best cultivated as a source of information and
weapons and held in reserve asa threat against rivals. If
you actually make good on that threat, you tend to lose
your pet extremists.

Health: Doctors and hospitals can supply medical
records and coroner reports — or alter them, an impor-
tant consideration for upholding the Masquerade.
Health-care Allies can also perform medical or forensic
tests. Really good health Allies can order involuntary
commitments or quarantines.

High Society: You hang out with the rich and
famous and they consider you worth knowing. Through
Contacts with the glitterati, you gain access to events
closed to the public and may be able to influence the
media. Influence within high society makes youa social
gatekeeper yourself, able to promote or crush careers
through your favor or disdain.

Judicial/Legal: One dot means you know a judge or
lawyer who may supply minor legal help and advice.
Five dots suggest ties so strong and diverse that you
virtually own a city's judicial system and can arrange
trials to turn out however you choose. As always, give
careful thought to how you attained such far-ranging
power and how you maintain it.

Labor and Industry: Contacts within trade unions
can provide advance notice of strikes or industrial
projects, so you know where to put your money. Blue-
collar Allies and Influence can help you raise money,
sabotage businesses, speed or delay construction projects
or "lend" heavy equipment — for those occasions when
you need dynamite and a backhoe on short notice, no
questions asked. Allies in the construction industry
become especially useful if you want to build a secure
haven ... or demolish someone else

Media: Whether she wants it or not, anyone with
Contacts, Allies or Influence in the news media usually
finds herself charged with prime responsibility for up-
holding the Masquerade. Ties to local newspapers,

Secvion One: CHARACTER


radio and TV stations also let you gather information
through the news staff, suppress unwanted stories or
create hoaxes and panics. Entertainment media are less
valuable since they affect public opinion less directly,
but a clever Kindred can harvest some prestige as the
Lick who arranges concerts and other events that bring
in out-of-town juicebags.

Occult: Few mortal occult societies possess signifi-
cant numbers. Even fewer wield real magical power —
and any sane Kindred stays away from those groups. A
small cult or group of New Age believers may provide
useful services, though. Most importantly, occult Con-
tacts serve as a canary in the coal mine: If the mortal
occultists start talking about vampires, blood sorcery,
werewolves or other aspects of the real supernatural, you
know that someone has slipped up in the Masquerade.
"Alternative" religious groups, fortune-tellers, fake
channelers and assorted wackos also provide easy money.
Thaumaturges may use them as proxies when searching
for arcane lore. (See also Herd.)

Police: Associates among the cops provide another
gauge of the Masquerade's success. If the cops start
noticing bodies drained of blood, some Kindred needs a
smackdown. Police Allies and Influence enable you to
steer the law away from yourself and your associates and
have them pay more attention to your enemies. Actual
fraudulent arrests, however, may ruin your police ties:
Wrongful arrest, police brutality or harassment lawsuits
can crush careers and, what's worse, attract attention to
an accused cop's associates (i.e., your precious self).

Political: You can't really acquire enough political
Influence to control the legislative process; too many
hands and interests shape each bill. Ties to city select-
men, mayors, Congressmen or other public officials
place you in a position to lobby for or against laws,
though. Political Contacts also let you know what's
really going on among the mortal power elite — which
is no small matter in itself.

Street: You have ties to beggars, buskers, homeless
people, slum-dwellers, street gangs, prostitutes and vari-
ous other petty criminals. Street Contacts see a great
deal that higher social strata ignore ... or wish to keep
hidden, such as the sex industry's demimonde. They
may also assist in finding drugs, weapons or other illegal
goods and services. Street Allies and Influence can
provide occasional riots or other spasms of local vio-
lence as well as access to higher criminal circles.

Transportation: Friends within port districts, air-
lines, truck companies and the like become very
important for Cainites who want to travel safely. Trans-
portation ties also help characters keep an eye on which

Kindred enter and leave town. Transportation Allies
enable reasonably safe smuggling, too.

University: Academic ties matter most for scholarly
Kindred. When that shifty anarch says he has a Noddist
manuscript for sale, it helps to consult someone who
réads the language. A major university provides experts
in every conceivable field, as well as lab facilitiesand
some social prestige; The Board of Regents generally
consists of wealthy community‘léaders. Students also
make a convenient buffet, but that's another matter.

VIRTUES

Virtues do not exist as pure, abstract game mechan-
ics. They represent the aspects of personality that help
a Kindred resist the mindless instincts of the Beast.
Losing a dot of a Virtue means losing a bit of yourself.
Players should consider what each Virtue means for
their characters and what a decline in a Virtue means.

Normally, only Conscience (or Conviction) can
deeline, through a botched Humanity or Path check.
Undersome circumstances, however, Storytellers might
impose a penalty to Self-Control/ Instinct or Courage
instead, if the character's crime dealt more with that
particular Virtue. For instance, the Path of Blood con-
sidérs succumbing to frenzy an automatic violation of its
ethics (rated 6 on its Hierarchy of Sins). A Cainite with
a6 or higher rating in this Path who did not éven try to
resist frenzy, or who deliberately attempted to frenzy for
the advantage it offered in Combaty has violated prin-
ciples of both Conviction and Self-Control. If the
playerbotched thé resulting Conviction roll, the Story-
teller could nile that this knowing, willing surrender to
the Beast permanently impaired the character's power
to resist it. Likewise, the Path of Honorable Accord
treats,any cowardice as a sin. A character who did not
at least try to fight Rétschreck would sin against Cour-
age as well as Conviction. A Storyteller should never
deduct dots from more than one Virtue, though, except
for the most wanton and egregious of transgressions.

Conscience/CONVICTION

Vampires must commit awful deeds, whether from
frenzy, to survive in a dangerous world or to protect the
Masquerade. These two Virtues represent a character's
capacity to recognize an immoral act — whatever the
character regards as immoral — and either feel remorse
or justify the act as necessary to uphold some other
ethical standard.

Vampire usually associates Conscience with re-
morse and Conviction with the alternate justifications
of Path morality, but this line is not as hard and fast as
it may seem. Humanity-following Kindred may some-

\Vawenne Pavers Guide

48


console themselves that a violent deed served
some alternative good.

Consider, for instance, a Kindred who tries to stop
ee killer (not as freakish an event in the World of
Darkness as in the real world). He ends up killing the

arly
dist
who

erts iman himself. The character may feel more relief at
and ing innocent bystanders than remorse at the death.
ally ‘Although he would still have to face a Humanity roll for
also the act of killing, he did what he thought was right.

For another example, a Kindred might face a cru-
Sading reporter who wants to overthrow the Masquerade.
ry, memory alteration and threats have already

fan- led, so the character kills the reporter. Immoral, yes,
1elp how many people would die in a war between
‘ast. mortals and Cainites? A dedicated utilitarian might
self. | accept the reporter's death as the lesser evil.
for Then one has holy war. A devoutly Christian
pie dred might not hesitate to kill to destroy a Satanic
can tand might regard this asa fully righteous act. "Thou
tek. alt not suffer a witch to live," the Bible says, and you
ight don't feel sorry for obeying God's specific command.
fee This case in particular shows where Conscience, as
hat game mechanic, can overlap with Conviction. The
pas character doesn't actually follow a Path of Enlighten-
fits ent, but he certainly doesn't consider not hurting
vith people the supreme or only virtue.
ie When designing a character, think about her stan-
‘for ds of Conscience. What does the character regard as
nag ‘exemplary behavior? What is unpleasant but necessary?
ae at moral ideals does the character hold in addition
aye to respect for human life?
he Conviction: mayseemmore forgiving than Conscience;
a just at the diversity of the Paths of Enlightenment.
Aber, however, that Conviction means your dedica-
aa fio to the ideals of that particular Path. Conviction, as a
e. eneralized Virtue, does not exist. Instead, characters have
pss iction toward the Path of Night, or Conviction toward
ies the Path of Metamorphosis, and so on. The various Convic-
f ons have nothing in common. Since Paths espouse more
amow and rigidcodes of behavior than Humanity (more on
‘om below), their versions of Conviction are correspond-
the more focused.
5,
the Set F-CONTROL/INSTINCT
ie _ These Virtues Tepresenta Cainite's capacity to beat
Hee frenzy or direct it to some useful goal. Vampires with
el/Control try to resist the Beast; vampires with In-
a tincttry to negotiate, allowing the Beast its fury in return

orconcessions about the targets of that rage and bloodlust.
Unlike Conviction, Instinct stays the same through-
utall Paths of Enlightenment that use the Virtue. The

ons
tas

49

differences in what a Cainite considers acceptable goals
for frenzy come from the Path's form of Conviction.

Self-Control, on the other hand, takes many forms.
Kindred pit many ideas and emotions against the Beast.
At the very least, a Cainite can fear losing his identity
and endangering the Masquerade, and so restrain the
Beast out of rational self-protection. Highly ethical
characters might loathe the murderous deeds of an
unrestrained Beast and pit their sense of moral duty
against its rage. Other sorts of duty can provide a
bulwark against the Beast as well. For instance, a fol-
lower of the Path of Honorable Accord follows a code
of courage, honesty and service to one's leader and the
Sabbat. Religious Kindred fight the Beast with faith and
prayer... whether to Jehovah, Set, Haqim or some other
god matters little. Other undead, such as those who
follow the Path of the Scorched Heart, repress their
emotions and so hope to deny the Beast any access to
their souls. Paths of Enlightenment provide inspiration
for all characters, however. One can follow Humanity
while also seeking strength through honor, emotional
repression, scientific detachment or faith.

CouraGe

As the one Virtue common to all systems of moral-
ity, Courage is the simplest Virtue in many ways. Even
here, however, characters may differ in the sources or
essences of their resistance to fear. For instance, a
character might fight Rétschreck and other terrors from
revulsion at the Beast's blind drives. Another character
could fear displaying cowardice and pit that shame
against other fears. In cases when doing good means
facing fire, sunlight or other instinctive sources of fear,
a highly moral Kindred can pit that sense of duty and
altruism against the baser urges of the Beast.

Virtues AND NATURE

All this discussion of personalities, and the ways in
which they might help a character resist the Beast,
should have you thinking about Natures. This is a "soft"
Trait, in the sense that dots do not measure it and it does
not contribute to dice pools. Nevertheless, Storytellers
may want to consider a Cainite's Nature when the
player must roll Virtue-based dice pools. You could
reduce the difficulty of a Virtue roll in circumstances
that work with or against a character's Nature. For
instance, an Architect might struggle especially hard
against the Beast when a frenzy could ruin all her hard
work and careful plans, while a Bravo could make a
special effort to resist public Rétschreck if he fears
losing his reputation as a tough guy. In such cases, the
Storyteller could reduce the Virtue roll's difficulty by
one. Never use Nature as a reason to increase the

Section One: CHaracrer


difficulty, though. Some Archetypes are intrinsically
more amoral, self-indulgent or cowardly than others,
and itisn't fair to penalize a player for exploring charac-
ters who aren't "nice."

HuMANITY

The discussion above should also show that Hu-
manity is the broadest and most forgiving of all moral
systems open to Cainites. The Paths of Enlightenment
offer greater compromises with a vampire's predatory
nature, but they are brittle: A character receives less
latitude in her moral choices, especially at the higher
levels of each Path. Humanity, on the otherhand, offers
many different strategies to fight the Beast and a range
of self-serving rationalizations when the Beast occa-
sionally wins. A character may face great difficulty in
keeping her Humanity high, but it's certainly easier to
maintain this Trait in the 3 to 5 range than it is to keep
the same stance ona Path of Enlightenment. Of course,
"easier" doesn't mean "easy" — it's relative.

In fact, a Cainite might manage to follow a Path's
ethics to some degree while retaining Humanity as the
relevant game mechanic. The ideals of the Path supply

the rationale to justify at least some crimes and brutali-
ties: "I didn't want to kill him, but he threatened the
Children of Haqim." "No, seducing her wasn't very

nice, but her boyfriend should know her weakness
before he commits more strongly." "That I could destroy
the prince shows he was not up to the job. Really, I've
done a favor for the Camarilla and the Masquerade."

Storytellers should take care, however, not to let
players use the diversity hidden in Virtues as a sneaky
way to replace Humanity with the ever-popular Path of
What I Wanted To Do Anyway. These rationalizations
and justifications enable a character to follow Human-
ity badly. A high Humanity rating still demands great
respect for mortal life (and Cainite unlife). Without
that basic compassion, a character merely negotiates a
stalemate with the Beast. In the long run, however, a
stalemate is all a Kindred can achieve — and the
undead must always think of the long run.

The only alternative, after all, is Final Death.

WILLPOWER AND ARCHETYPE

Vampire already makes the connection between
Willpower and Nature explicit. A character who acts
according to her Nature regains Willpower more readily
than someone who denies the essence of his personality.
Fighting yourself weakens yourself, and Willpower re-
covery reflects this.

If your character hasanotably high orlow Willpower
rating, however, consider incorporating that in how you

play him. The chart for Willpower describes low ratings
as "Diffident," "Unassertive" or even "Spineless," while
itdescribeshigh ratingsas "Determined" or "Iron-willed."
This suggests some interesting possibilities. Consider, for
instance, a Child Archetype with a high Willpower:
Such a character may seem like a wide-eyed innocent or
spoiled brat, but the high Willpower suggests a formi-
dable drive to have others provide for him, whether
through temper tantrums or displays of apparent help-
lessness. Add in a Demeanor that conceals the Child
Nature, such as Martyr or Visionary, and you have a
character who plays some very complicated head games
with the people around him. In the same manner, a
person who hasa domineering Nature such as Director ot
Architect, but lacks self-confidence (reflected by a low
Willpower), might show a Demeanor such as Conniver
or Caregiver as she tries to wheedle, charm, nag or
otherwise finesse people into doing what she wants.

MeritsAnpb FLAws

All too often, players try to build supercharacters
using Merits and Flaws, or try to make their characters
unique by piling on these special Traits instead of by
their roleplaying. Please keep in mind that Merits and
Flaws represent strange or truly exceptional aspects ofa
character's mind, body or connections.

Minor Merits and Flaws often represent very nar-
row aspects of character. The 1-point physical Merit
Acute Sense, for instance, provides only marginally
more benefit than a specialty to a character's Percep-
tion; in fact, you can think of this Merit as a way to give
aspecialty toa character without raising the Perception
Trait overall to a high rating. On the flip side, Flaws
such as Hard of Hearing offer "negative specialties"
without reducinga character's overall Perception. When
building a character, ask yourself if you really need the
Merit or Flaw, or whether you can adequately represent
the character through normal Attributes, Abilities and
other Traits.

point is especially true for social Merits. Con-
sider a situation in which a senior Cainite feels special
gratitude to a neonate for some great service that the
character or his sire did for her. Is this a Debt of
Gratitude, a 1-3 point Merit, or simply a backstory to
explain a Mentor? Many of the social Merits easily
convert into Backgrounds, though as shown above, you
might need to stretch the Background's meaning a little
bit. As for social Flaws such as Infamous Sire or Mis-
taken Identity, you may want to leave them as a matter
for roleplaying.

Supernatural Merits and Flaws deserve special men-
tion. Youand your Storytellershould not let the character

Vane Payers Gude

50


ings
hile
ed."
for
wer:
itor
fmi-
ther
elp-
hild

wea

mes
ta
ror
low
iver

sent
and

ton-
cial
the
t of

become blasé about supernatural matters. These Flaws
and Merits may inspire awe or fear in other Cainites
because they understand the implications: The Curse of
Caine has taken a new twist in you, or perhaps some
other power blesses or taints you. Either way, you
present an unknown quantity
Damned, the unknown always implies danger.

Formore subtle Merits and Flaws, suchas Unbondable
or Dark Fate, you should also ask if the character knows
about his special condition. If so, how did he find out?
This presents another factor to work into a character's
backstory. A character could receive a supernatural Merit
or Flaw from the actions of some other entity such as a
sorcerer or ghost, or the Trait's origin might be as myste-
tious to the character as to everyone else.

and among the

", "
Sort TRAITS

Vampire includes a few Traits that have no effect
on game mechanics at all. Nevertheless, they describe
¢tucial aspects of the character and can produce real
effects in play.

Concept is one such "soft" Trait. A capsule descrip-
tionsuch as "Hacker Geek" or "King of the Barrio" implies
certain details about the character's interests, knowledge

and possessions that might not find direct expression in
"harder" Traits. For instance, a Storyteller can safely
assume that a Hacker Geek owns a bleeding-edge home
computer, unless the player says, "No, he still uses an old
386 and does everything in UNIX." The Hacker Geek
doesn't need a special Lore Ability to know the names of
other top-notch hackers and recognize their handiwork.
The conceptand the existing Computer Knowledge imply
it. Likewise, the King of the Barrio probably drives a hot
low-rider even ifhe barely has the Resources to pay for gas.
He also knows who's who in the ‘hood and the details of
We
have discussed this use of Conceptin regard to other Traits,
but it bears repeating here.

Embrace is another "soft" Trait. When did the char-
acteractually become a vampire? This particularly affects
the common knowledge that isn't usually reflected in
Abilities. A character Embraced as a young woman in
1959 probably knows details of 1950s popular culture
that only elderly mortals still remember. A character
Embraced in the 1850s has a store of knowledge that
would set historians drooling. Her player might not need
a dice roll for the character to recognize references to

gang etiquette, as facets of his Contacts and Streetwise

common knowledge of the nineteenth century, whereas

Secmion One: CHARACTER
51


a younger character would need an Intelligence + Aca-
demics roll (and perhaps a stint in a research library), if tr
he even realized that a reference mattered. Two ancillae re
who pepper their conversation with nineteenth-century
cultural references might as well speak Anglo-Saxon for
what the neonates around them understand.

us
FINAL WoRD
: ; N
Youdon't need to make every Trait a unique, quirky
interpretation or extension of the rules. As you create th
your character, however, give a moment's thought to Ww
what each Trait represents so you can connect it to
Tt
something real. This exercise helps you turn a possibly aa
vague, sketchy or simplistic concept intoa fully rounded |
character
an

off

THe LONe WOLF A
You know the type. The badass with a perpetual
scowl. No friends, no family. Plenty of past, perhaps pit
probably a bizarre and convoluted past to justify how tox
the character became the deadliest mofo on the planet du
Don't count on the player to give you anyone the Sl
character actually cares about, though. At most, the wa
player might supply a few old enemies. And Mr. Death he
Machine is nota team player. No matter what the other
characters want to do, it's no concern of his, unless he yor
has someone to kill wh
In this case, the character is also a vampire. If you vit
game long enough, though, you will encounter the ink
Lone Wolf in any roleplaying or storytelling game chi
Setting, genre or rules system don't matter a great deal. Nc
The Lone Wolf can turn up anywhere
It'snothard to see where the Lone Wolfcomes from thi

or why some players feel drawn to the concept. Plenty faci
of action movies and TV shows present lone badass a
heroes. How many maverick cops, rogue supersoldiers aa
and secret agents on the run from their governments anc
have you seen? the

The Lone Wolf also comes from a desire to win. Thi
Leaving aside whether Vampire: The Masquerade can ties
or should be run like an action movie, characters do dea
sometimes face lethal danger. The Lone Wolf, with his
maxed-out combat Traits, can usually get away with Abi
fighting instead of negotiating or running away cha

Some players also hate leaving Storytellers any Em,
hook that can drag their character into a situation the shig
player doesn't like. By definition, the Lone Wolf has no spec
hooks, no chinks in his emotional armor — because he taki
exists as a purely tactical exercise. figh
chr
Can

Vawoire Pavers Guioe

52 !

ual

ow
ret.
the
the
ath
her
ihe

you
the

vin.
can
ido
this
vith

any
the
sno

ehe

Some players might see this isolated predator as the
truest expression of the Cainite condition, but he's a
| real drag on a game.

Wuy He's Useress

For Vampire, at least, the Lone Wolf is remarkably
useless. Let's see why.

No Motivation

The Lone Wolf has no real reason to associate with
the other characters and, by cracky, often doesn't.
When the other characters bring up their plans to
rescue their mortal daughter from an abusive boyfriend,
maneuver the priscus into granting a boon or solve the
mystery of the vanished harpy, the Lone Wolf shrugs
| and says, "It's got nothing to do with me." Then he goes
| off to pursue his vendetta against Lupine ninjas, or
something like that.

As Storyteller, you'd better provide plenty of Lu-
pine ninjas, marauding Sabbat or stuff of that nature,
| to0, because nothing else moves the Lone Wolf off his
duff. He might be tolerable if he actually worked toward
some goal ... but often he does not. After all, if he
wanted to achieve something beyond a body count,
he'd have to deal with other people.

This lack of motivation — or any personality be-
yond a scowl — separates a Lone Wolf from a character
‘whosimply happens to fight very well. Nothing is wrong
with a character being good at combat. Something is
inherently wrong with a character not actually being a

character, however.

| No Noncomsat ABILITIES
| Unfortunately, the Lone Wolf is no good at any-
‘thing except combat. Vampire assumes that characters
awide variety of challenges beyond physical dan-
. Characters solve puzzles and mysteries, seek power
and prestige in their clan and sect, encounter treachery
ind betrayal, try to make money, fall in love and do all
‘the other things that people do in interesting stories.
These diverse challenges demand equally diverse Abili-
fies — especially Talents, Skills and Knowledges about
ing with other people.
Take a look at the primary Abilities list. Three
bilities — Brawling, Firearms and Melee — enable
aracters to attack each other. Eight Abilities —
npathy, Etiquette, Expression, Intimidation, Leader-
, Performance, Streetwise and Subterfuge — deal
ifically with interpersonal relationships. You can
that as a rough guide to the relative importance of
iting and social skills in a hypothetical Vampire
wonicle. This goes for the Sabbat as well as the
illa and independent clans: The political in-

fighting within the sect demands social skills as highly
developed as any Camarilla conclave or Elysium.

A Vampire character also needs a variety of social
connections, represented by Backgrounds. No one is
good at everything, knows everything or owns every-
thing he needs. How will a character find out what's
going on without Contacts? How will she protect her
haven during the day without Retainers? How will he
acquire the tools he needs without Resources? You can't
steal everything; what you want may not exist in town,
oratall. Even Sabbat, who boast of their independence
from the kine, learn how to exploit the mortal world to
a limited degree.

A classic Lone Wolf never spends a point on
anything but combat Traits if he can help it. Athletics,
Brawl, Dodge, Drive, Firearms and Melee — that's what
aLone Wolfwants, the Abilities to get toa fight and win
it. The player might accept a few other Abilities such
Intimidation or Streetwise, but a Lone Wolf's player
often regards the obligatory Knowledges and Back-
grounds as points wasted and subsequently ignored.

That means a Lone Wolf can't solve a mystery,
because he lacks the Traits to gather and interpret
information. He can't deal with a social challenge,
because he can't persuade other Cainites to take his
side. He really has no way to get anything done except
threaten mayhem.

DISADVANTAGES OF COMBAT

Unfortunately forthe Lone Wolf, the modern world
even the World of Darkness — presents a wide range
of problems that you cannot resolve by lopping offheads
with your silver-bladed twin katanas. In fact, the devel-
oped world imposes drastic sanctions on blatant use of
lethal force. Even the Sabbat shows some discretion in
its murders, while the Assamites won their deadly
reputation for their stealth and secrecy as much as for
their lethality.

Most Kindred would rather not fight to the Final
Death for their goals. They have eternity to pursue their
objectives if nobody destroys them, and Cainite exist-
ence asa predator tends to burn away altruism and other
idealisticnotions. Princes, archbishops, elders and other
leading Kindred may also discourage rampant homicide
among their charges, for fear that someone will learn of
the undead's existence. Ifan elder sees a younger Cainite
racking up a body count for reasons that do not serve the
elder's purposes, the elder has every reason to arrange a
murder of his own ... and even the greatest killercannot
guard against everything, every second. Those Kindred
who exist under perpetual, worldwide blood hunt from
the Camarilla survive through exceptional guile, con-

Secon One: CHARACTER


stant flight and hiding. They also tend to be old and
powerful, and became that way by knowing how to pick
their battles.

If anything, the mortal world is even worse for a
Cainite death machine. Slain Kindred conveniently
rot to dust, but mortal corpses require careful disposal.
Cainites kill; they cannot deny this fundamental truth
of their existence. Many vampires revel in killing mor-
tals. The Sabbat even turns predation into a point of
ideology. The most jaded elder or bloodthirsty Sabbat,
however, still takes care to hide the bodies. The cops ask
questions when too many bullet-riddled or beheaded
corpses start piling up. The developed world has a lot of
cops to seek a Lone Wolf.

"So [I'll just kill any cop who gets in my way!"
Maybe, for a while. The police never, ever stop chasing
a cop-killer. While chasing a Cainite, they might dis-
cover certain facts and deeds that endanger the
Masquerade. Camarilla princes, Sabbat archbishops
and independent Kindred alike try to destroy a known
cop-killer before he blows the Masquerade and dooms
them all ... and hunters willing to keep the big secret,
like the Society of Leopold, stand ready to act on any
anonymous tips that come their way.

Allinall, deadly force causesat leastas many problems

itsolves. A character with no other method to deal with
problems is not long for the World of Darkness.

OTHER PLAYERS AND CHARACTERS

Worst of all, a Lone Wolf interferes with the other
players' enjoyment of the game. Maybe the Lone Wolf's
player likes an endless string of fight scenes. The other
players might not. What's more, if the Storyteller in-
dulges a Lone Wolf's player, that means a series of fights
in which any less combat-optimized character has little
chance to survive. If the other characters cannot keep up
with Mr. Death Machine, the players probably leave him
to his latest battle and wander away from the gaming
table. One of these nights, they might not return.

9), "
STEALTH LONE WOLVES

So far we've described the really blatant, extreme
sort of Lone Wolf. As a Storyteller, you may also
encounter a variety of "stealth" Lone Wolves. You can
just say "No" if a player presents you with an obvious
monster. Some Lone Wolves, though, may look at first
like more reasonable characters. As a player, you might
even create a Stealth Lone Wolf without meaning to.

THe MANor Mystery

The Man of Mystery is one such Stealth Loner. This
character has a past, but it's all hidden from the other
characters. He has motives and goals but conceals them.
Now, deception, dark secrets and hidden agendas form

the heart and soul of the World of Darkness — but the
Man of Mystery goes way too far, in a clumsy and
obvious fashion. He won't tell the other characters
anything and won't participate in their unlives unless it
suits his own agenda. If your character won't give
anyone the time of day for fear of revealing that he owns
a watch, you're playing a Stealth Loner.

Even if the player wants her Man of Mystery to work
with the other characters, they probably don't trust him
unless they need his help for their agendas. You do not
build successful coteries on such a basis. A character
with secrets can enliven (pardon the pun) a Vampire
game, but handle this archetype with caution.

Tue Closet AUTARHIS

Then one has the character who simply doesn't
need the other characters. She might not possess a true
Lone Wolf's death-machine Abilities and Disciplines,
but she does not want or require anyone else's aid. She
has the social connections she needs for her chosen
unlife and the Disciplines to protect herself, yet lacks
any property or connections that might tie her down,
An Embraced street person who spends every day ina
new haven and just wants to survive another night
might seem like a suitably grim, gritty character for the
World of Darkness, but how do the other characters find
her? And why does she involve herself in their problems |
instead of running away?

THe MONOMANIAC

This character pursues one overriding goal and
shows no interest in anything except that objective.
The nature of the goal doesn't really matter; it could be
anything from destroying the secret order of assassins
that killed his mortal father to finding lost passages from
the Book of Nod. Nothing the other characters do
concerns him. It's good for characters to pursue long-
term projects, but bad for the story and the troupe
dynamic if one player tries to hijack the chronicle forhis
single character.
THe MALFUNCTIONING MALKAVIAN

Extreme Malkavians who simply cannot under
stand what other characters want present their own
problems. Sure, playing a character with severe para: |
noid delusions and fugue episodes might seem like a
great roleplaying challenge at first, but he might not
work very well in any story not centered on him.

Tue Assamite Hitter

The Assamite clan unfortunately seems tailor-made
for Lone Wolf characters. At first glance, the stereotypi-
cal Assamite hired killer seems as pure a Lone Wolf as]
you'd ever hope to see. Aside from the fact that not all

Vawerre Pavers Guide

54


amites are hired killers, please remember that a really
onal assassin needs a great many abilities that
nothing to do with dealing death. A hired killer
ad tofind clients, negotiate fees, track down victims
pmight be well hidden and then conceal evidence of

from the mortal authorities. An a ncan
as complex and socially and intellectually adept

and should be.

and
ters
ssit
tive

rork
him,
not
cter
pire

KING THE PROBLEM
So, granted, Lone Wolf types can make Storytellers
it their hair in frustration, and other players don't
ich like them either. What can you do about them?
Ifyou think your character might be a Lone Wolf or
tealth Loner, congratulations. Recognizing the prob-
brings you halfway to the solution. You don't have
fear up your character and start over from the begin
though. As you'll see, you can do a lot to refurbish
‘character.

Your Storyteller may say you've produced a Lone
or your character otherwise poses a problem for
coterie. Ask your Storyteller to explain the prob-

sn't

nes,
She
sen |
acks
wn.
ina

ight ,
be ‘Tfanother player produced the Lone Wolf, talk to
find nabout it. You and your fellow players can doa lot to

Lone Wolf into a more interesting and involved
Bewarned that some tactics lie beyond the reach of
ets. Only your Storyteller can initiate some of these
tive measures. As players, however, you can rec-
ize a stratagem to humanize a Lone Wolf and play
ng. Don't underestimate the power of peer pressure.

SK FOR GUIDELINES,
ie best way to deal with Lone Wolves is to prevent
n. Youshould always discuss character concepts with

ems

and
tive.
dbe
ssins,
rom

3 do

fase it Storyteller before the game even begins. Ask what
his rofcharacters won't work in the chronicle. A charac-
who works perfectly well in a combat-intensive Black
and kamut might not fit into a chronicle centered on
4 socials, and vice-versa (though some players
der-

"Won't Work" statements asa challenge and design
acters that break the Storyteller's guidelines but do
k, God bless ‘em).

You might want the Storyteller to hold this discus-

Awithall the players, asa group, sono one feels singled
for criticism. Some players are sensitive that way.

If you still feel a deep yearning to play socially

death machines, you may want to reconsider

choice in play habits. Talk to your Storyteller

Maybe trying a one-on-one chronicle for a while.

yara-
kea
not

nade t

typi-
olf as

55

SeLF-CRITICISM FOR STORYTELLERS,

Before we go any further ....

If your players try to create invulnerable charac-
ters, examine your own Storytelling style. Lone
Wolf characters may appear because the Storyteller
turns every social connection against the charac-
ters. A Mentor must offer help as well as make
demands; that's why she's a Mentor and not a
taskmaster. If every Contact or Ally eventually
turns on the character, and loved ones serve no
function except to die or be held hostage by the
character's enemies, players preemptively cut off
these avenues of attack, because then you are at-
tacking the characters, instead of acting as an
impartial arbiter and partner in a shared story.
Never forget that your job is to provide entertaining
challenges for the characters, not to screw them
over just to show them how shitty unlife is in the
World of Darkness — or, even worse, to show you
can.

Ifa player persists in running characters as Lone
Wolves, and you're pretty sure it's not from any-
thing you do, talk to him about his past game
experiences. Possibly, he suffered from an adversarial
Storyteller in the past and learned bad habits from
the experience. Assure the player that youdon't run
games that way. Then prove it.

Drac Out THose Sociat Connections!

If you find that you created a Stealth Loner by
accident, work on connecting your character to the
other characters and to the world around them. Writing
down a list of five people the character knows can help
you clarify your own idea of your character and provide
inspiration for stories. These people don't have to be
Contacts or Allies (though that's a good place to start),
Invite all the players to make a list like this. Then p:
the lists around and look for ways that your characters'
acquaintances might interact with each other. If two
acquaintances resemble each other, combine them into
one person who knows both characters. Hey presto, you
have a social network for your coterie. Your Storyteller
will thank you.

If you need inspiration, look at the tough-guy
archetypes that inspire Lone Wolves. These characters
usually have some connections to the rest of the world
or gain them in the course of the story. For instance,
what's a maverick cop without an angry precinct cap-
tain to yell at him for breaking regulations? Examine
every aspect of a Lone Wolf's background and unlife for

Secmion One: CHARACTER


occasions when he must deal with another person —
and bring those people into the game.

The Arms Dealer

Where does a Lone Wolf acquire those specialty
firearm accessories and ammunition that he loves so
much? Specialty shotgun shells and negative-sound
silencers ain't exactly available by mail order, even in
the World of Darkness. A gun-bunny character needs a
dealer to supply all that high-powered, and highly
illegal, hardware.

If the Lone Wolfs player won't introduce this
character, the Storyteller or other players can force the
issue. Don't hand-wave a Lone Wolf's ability to re-arm.
Demand a visit to the black-market arms dealer. Maybe
your character suddenly wants some ordinance, too.
Your Storyteller can turn that visit into an encounter
with an interesting character.

A Storyteller can easily build plots around that
arms dealer. For instance, the dealer expected to
have the C4 in this week, but his own supplier has
problems. Maybe his good customer, and his good
friends in the coterie, could find out what's the
matter? In return fora suitable price reduction on his
next purchase, of course ....

Is another character a social climber? The arms
dealer can show up at her favorite trendy night spot. Does
the arms dealer have a daughter? She gets a crush on the
Lone Wolf or (less satisfying) another member of the
coterie. Once several characters have some connection
to the arms dealer, the whole coterie has a reason to look
for him if something goes foul, not just the Lone Wolf.

The Sensei

People don't casually become one of the world's best
martial artists or marksmen. They need trainers. Invent
afew. Don't bother trying to cut away these loose ends by
saying someone murdered your character's old sensei. A
Storyteller can create loose ends any time she wants. If
the sensei is dead, the Storyteller can bring in the sensei's
closest colleague, his son, his other star pupil ....

The sensei (colleague/son/pupil) does not walk into
the character's unlife merely to pay a social call. The
usual story runs like this: The sensei has a problem and he
wants the Lone Wolf's help in solving it. Of course, the
point of introducing this character is to draw the Lone
Wolf into social interaction, soa wise Storyteller doesnot
present a problem that violence can solve. Threatening
the old dojo with Lupine ninjas produces just another
bloodbath. Ifa bank threatens to foreclose on the dojo for
missing mortgage payments, the Lone Wolf has a prob-
lem that he cannotsolve by combat alone. He needs help
from the rest of the coterie, even if his plan involves bank

Vawenre Pavers Guipe
56

rob
cha

mai

and
ann
bre:
hel
the
The
ung
ing.

whi,
telle
prin
Lon
doit
a fey
one
him,
Lon
othe
rewée

the }

using
of th
entit
if he

}

who}
anyo
with

]
typic
is als
inco:
nists,
locki
quen

4
ever,
posse
thea


. As a fellow player, view these situations as
to broaden the Lone Wolfs horizons — and
your own character's, as well.

alty Trmay happen that the Lone Wolf lacks gratitude
sso ltellshis old sensei to piss off. In thi: henotonly
und oys the Storyteller and all the other players, he

aks the Action Hero Code, which says you always
Out a mentor in trouble. The Lone Wolf just lost
last feeble rationale for his continued existence.
€ sensei might punish the rebuff by destroying the
iteful swine, or at least giving him a good thrash-
the s, Remember, the sensei is better than his student ....

rm. Adventures in Babysitting
tybe ‘A Lone Wolf may find himself in a situation in
too. he must take care of another person. A Story-
oter ller can have a powerful character — say, the city's
ince or some other elder Kindred — demand that the
that Wolf protect a certain mortal. This worthy would
1 to iithimself, but other commitments take him away for
has few months. Surely, Mr. Death Machine can protect
ood mortal from anything less deadly than the elder
the self? The elder promises lethal displeasure if the
this Wolf refuses or fails to protect the mortal. On the
hand, the elder also promises the Lone Wolfarich
irms ard ifhe can fulfill this task. Maybe he knows where
oes Lupine ninjas hide out (or at least says he does).
the A fellow player can try to set up a similar situation,
the singpeer pressure instead of death threats and bribes. One
tion ofthe characters needs a mortal protected and recruits the
ook irecoterie for help. Mr. Death Machine looks cowardly

olf. fhe refuses when all the other characters agree.

Work with the Storyteller to define the mortal
the Lone Wolf protects. The mortal might be
anyone from a character's kid sister to a child of destiny
vith rare mystical gifts.

Inthis kind of story, the Lone Wolf's new charge is
ypically either a child ora beautiful young woman. She
§ also a bundle of trouble. She tends to wander off at
inconvenient times, mouth off to troublesome antago-
, etc. If the Lone Wolf decides to "protect" her by
ing her up, she does her best to escape. She fre-
tly bickers with the character.

the The mortal also needs some positive qualities, how-
one ever, that render her care less burdensome. She might
snot ess useful skills that can help her protector, such as
ning archetypal child prodigy; mystical talents, such as a
ther lium or psychic, are another option.
ofor The Lone Wolf faces the challenge of keeping his
tob- arge safe from some suitably persistent danger, such as
help minions of his patron's archenemy or a cult that

"wants to sacrifice the "Chosen One." This lets the Lone

Wolf engage in some of his beloved combat ... but
another character can point out that protecting his
charge would become much easier if the mortal got
along with him. Fortunately for all concerned, the Lone
Wolf can try to make amends using pure roleplaying,
without the need for the player to roll dice. Other
characters in a coterie can help with the "babysitting"
and take advantage of the charge's talents.

After the Lone Wolf rescues the character from an
attack, his charge becomes more amicable if given a
chance. At this point, a child might idolize the Lone
Wolf and tag along with her new "father figure" or "big
brother figure," while young women traditionally feel
attracted to their strong-but-surly protector.

If the Lone Wolf manages to protect his charge and
form some sort of relationship, he might gain a perma-
nent Mentor in the person of his patron elder, and a
Contact or Ally in his charge. The character now has at

‘ast two connections to Kindred and kine society that
the Storyteller can exploit from then on. It's not much,
but it's a start.

A Storyteller might also have a character simply
attach herself to the Lone Wolf and demand protection.
A dedicated Lone Wolf may brush her off, but it's a hard
player who can make his character turn down a wide-
eyed orphan with a teddy bear. The movies provide
plenty of examples of hard-bitten loners and bada:
softened by unasked-for dependents. Terminator 2, for
instance, presents a literal death machine humanized
by the need to protect a boy and his mother. Be warned,
you can go overboard: In The Outlaw Josey Wales, Clint
Eastwood's vengeance-obsessed one-man army becomes
responsible for, in order, a wounded kid, an elderly
Indian, a mangy redbone hound, an enslaved Indian
woman, a settler family (including a tetched-in-the-
head nubile daughterand acrotchety old lady) and then
the remaining inhabitants of a ghost town. Although
the latter example is clearly excessive, remind a Lone
Wolf' player of such movies. They show that caring for
other people doesn't make you any less a tough guy.

Take AWAY THE WEAPONS

Lone Wolf players may feel they don't need social
connections because their characters are such badasses,
they can do what they want and kill anyone who tries
tostop them. So... what happens ifa character can't use
his weapons? He has to explore other avenues.

For instance, Mr. Death Machine cannot take his
katanas and Uzi onto an airplane (a night flight, obvi-
ously). If he tries, he faces a thrilling fight with airport
security that ends with him still on the ground (and
probably in jail or detained for some vigorous question-

Section One: CHARACTER


4

YY 4a
ps4),

ing) and more reasonable characters flying off to the
xt scene. As the player, do you want that?

or another option, the coterie may need some sort
of help from an influential elder (or mortal) who will
not meet armed characters. If the Lone Wolf does not
check his weapons at the door, the elder will never talk
to him. It does no good to cut down the doorman or the
bouncer — the elder just steps out a side door to leave
an empty office. Other characters can remind the Lone
Wolf of these basic social graces — peer pressure, again

ENFORCE THE MASQUERADE

Fine, the Lone Wolf killed the latest Lupine ninja
who came after him. What did he do with the corpse?

Just left it as a mystery for the cops? The body
becomes headline news. The cops want to know who
this person was, who he fought, who killed him and
why. A clever reporter acquires the medical examiner's
report and publishes everything the cops know about
the fracas: "The unknown man was beheaded by some
sort of very sharp blade. The medical examiner found
traces of silver in the wound ..." —which sets everyone
in the city looking for people carrying, oh, say, twin
silvei

bladed katanas? Of course, you adjust the sce-
nario to fit the Lone Wolf's favored weapons and the

58

circumstances of the fight. Exsanguinated bodies left
Tyinearoundl provoke allinannencfluddssecils doa
es among other Kin-

the press, with corresponding t
dred fretting about the Masquerade. That's where the
other members of the coterie come in

Other characters can advise the Lone Wolf that
disposing of the body is the better part of valor. That's
not as easy as it may sound, depending on the city.
Where do you hide a corpse so that no one finds it for
a long time? How do you carry it to the disposal site
without anyone seeing you?

If necessary, someone — such as your own charac-
ter — can supply a delicate hint that transporting,
hiding or destroying bodies becomes much easier with
confederates, or that other Kindred must know how to
do it. That gives the Lone Wolf an added incentive to
work with the other members of the coterie and take an
interest in their problems: As the saying goes, a friend
helps you move, but only a true friend helps you move
a body

ACHIEVE THE GOAL

If a Lone Wolf is also a Monomaniac who brushes
off any story hook that doesn't concern his particular
crusade or vendetta, a Storyteller can achieve interest-

mre PLavers Guipe

kr
su

th

Te}

Tu}
un

hi}


left
isin
tine
the

hat
at's
‘ity.

for
site

tac-
ing,
vith
vto
eto
pan
end
ove

hes

alar

iIts by having the character succeed. Whaddaya
the World of Darkness doesn't have an endless
of Lupine ninjas, and the Lone Wolf just killed
‘one. He has his revenge, or whatever.

This leaves three options for the player. He can
ire the character. Problem solved. No more Lone
olf, He can leave the character sitting around like a
mp saying "No" to every story lead that comes along,
il the other characters (and players) simply ignore
which becomes very dull for the Lone Wolfs
ayer. Or ... he can develop a new interest like, say,
the other characters are doing. The other players
courage this.

MILL THE CHARACTER

t's make one thing clear: This is the next-to-last
second only to throwing a player out of the
g group — and you do not take either course
ily. They cause very bad feelings, whether the Sto-
eller or another player's character does it. Before you
iberately set out to kill a Lone Wolf, ask yourself if
willing to risk a friendship for the sake of a game.
he player has rebuffed every other attempt to reform
me Wolf, you may prefer just to end the chronicle
d begin a new one — with new characters.

‘Tf you decide that the Lone Wolf absolutely must
before the player can move on and create a new
racter, you can still minimize the shock somewhat.
u're the Storyteller, absolutely do not kill the
by fiat. Let him go down fighting, no matter
k the odds. The player does not
one Wolf takes some of his killers

teally clever Storyteller can even make the
fer's death help the rest of the coterie. For in-
"Horatio at the bridge" scene lets a Lone Wolf
ina blaze of glory. Here's the set-up: The coterie
ves some goal but its enemies pursue it. Fortu-
, the characters pass through a highly defensible
int such as a bridge or tunnel. It's the best
ible place for a stand. The initial estimate of the
/Sstrength suggests that Mr. Death Machine can
d the chokepoint by himself and win. Perhaps the
erie has a time limit, so the other characters have a
to leave the Lone Wolf behind.

‘Once the other characters clear out, the enemies
it to be more formidable than expected. It's a
fight; maybe Mr. Death Machine can even
y the enemy leader before someone shoots him in
d or chops him to sushi with four katanas.
Tyone wins, at least in part: The other characters
din their mission, the Storyteller gets the Lone

59

Wolf out of her chronicle, and the Lone Wolfs player
has a story about his character's glorious demise.

A FINAL WORD

Remember that the Lone Wolf is a problem of play
style rather than of Traits. A good player can take an
apparently hopeless combat monster and turn him into
awar-weary soldier whose undeath taught him the need
to get a life, a dark knight struggling to redeem his
cursed state through valor or numerous other possibili-
ties.

This is no hoity-toity, high-art pretension. A richer
personality makes a character more fun to play. The
stories that linger in players' memories, the ones they
recount years later, do not concern the number of mooks
they blew away or cut down. They are about the brilliant
strategies and appalling blunders, the allies and enemies
made, the great challenges faced, the tragedies suffered,
the mysteries solved, the tests of conscience and judg-
ment, the romances and the occasional ridiculous farces
— yes, even in "a storytelling game of personal horror."
By trying to turn Vampire (and every other game) into
nothing but fight scenes, a Lone Wolf's player does not
merely cheat the Storyteller and the other players of their
enjoyment. He also cheats himself.

FILING OFFTHE
SERIAL NUMBERS

To some degree or another, many of us are guilty of
the following crime:

Enthused by a character we see in a movie, book,
comic or video game, we are tempted to design it as our
next Vampire character. You've had conversations of
this nature with your friends, haven't you? They go
something like: "Man, did you see that how that guy
went nuts when he was attacking those bikers in that
one scene? He'd be the perfect Brujah!" "No way dude,
he'd totally be a Gangrel. Didn't you see his wild, feral
eyes?" This initial fascination and appreciation for
whatever "cool" the character possesses starts you on
the path of trying to identify what clan he would belong
to, what abilities he had and what Disciplines he dis-
played. Soon, you're grabbing a blank character sheet
and poring over stats and merits and flaws in a rush of
inspired character creation. If the character is already
cool to begin with, it all but guarantees that it'll make
afantastic vampire character, right? Well ... notalways.

Unfortunately, the tendency for many people is to
try to come up with a line-by-line copy of the character
they're inspired by, without attempting to adapt or
modify it enough to make it a unique or appropriate

Secmion One: CHARACTER


Vampire character. Even if a player were to base his
vampire off a seemingly appropriate character, such as
the vampire Lestat, an attempt to make an exact copy
isgoing to come across as a cheap imitation at best. Sure,
some might say Lestat possesses a great deal of desirable
qualities for a World of Darkness vampire, but most
likely a third-party presentation of Lestat is going to
lack the nuances and particulars that make him compel-
ling. Besides, if we want to see Lestat, we'll go straight
to the source.

Most members of a troupe have had one of these
knock-off characters in theirchroniclesat least once, and

generally when players discuss these obvious rip-offs the

conversation brings more rolled eyes than accolades. If
you're one of the lucky few who haven't experienced this
first-hand, count your blessings. You are lucky enough to
have been spared the embarrassment of watching a
member of your troupe present his vampire named "The
Raven" who wears white face paint, orher willowy albino
Tzimisce named "El Rock" who caries a bonecrafted
sword with an insatiable thirst for blood. Don't laugh
you know those knock-offs exist. Maybe you've even
been guilty of making one yourself

It goes without saying that presenting a carbon-copy
of an existing well known character with little modifica-

tion other than labeling him a vampire and changing his
name is not the right way to go about using source
material and inspiration effectively. Doing something as
simple as giving The Terminator fangs and calling hima
Brujah is never going to qualify as good character cre-
ation. It is possible to use a well known character as your
starting point and end up with a truly unique creation you
can confidently call your own, as long as you're aware of
the inherent risks and considerations that come with
choosing to create a character this way
You might be asking why you should bother bringing
these additional worries to your character creation pro-
cess. Why not start from scratch each and every time and
avoid these hassles altogether? Well, even the most
creative of us sometimes come up against a bit of a block
when itcomestocreatinganew character. Alternatively,
perhaps you're a Storyteller who has to come up witha
few Storyteller characters in a hurry and don't have the
time or feel the necessity to create a handful of com-
pletely unique character concepts on the fly. Sometimes
. well, nothing is wrong with really liking an existing
character so much that you genuinely want to base your
next Kindred upon them. For example, say a person owns
all the Superman comics and a Superman lunchbox and
sleeps on Superman sheets and wouldn't dream of leaving

Vawerre Players Guibe

60

the

sor
mt
inc


the house without his lucky Superman underwear. If
omeone is that drawn to a character, it wouldn't be too
of a stretch to imagine that he would try to
rate Superman into his story as well, would it?
Now, you might say that the idea of turning Supe
intoa vampire is one that seems like a disaster from
the start. Sure, simply making Superman vulnerable to
s it rather than kryptonite and calling him a vam-
pire would be astoundingly dumb as well as just plain
Uncreative. Using elements of Superman's personality
concept as raw source material for a compelling
vampire character isn't a bad idea at all. In fact, this is
the correct approach to take whenever a particular
acter you admire inspires you to base your next
‘Vampire off of it. To make it work will take a great deal
ofinsight and creativity, but the resulting character can
quite playable and unique if created with care.
When faced with the challenge of creating a new
character, all of us draw inspiration and impress
froma source of one sort or another. We integrate

wide
of experiences drawn from movies, television,
‘books, music and our own lives into the characters we
‘create. Sometimes we may not even be aware of all of
‘Our sources. Perhaps you remember that you've based
your character's roguish smile on that of the man you
in a club last Friday night, or perhaps that little
ory will slip out of your mind almost unconsciously
you begin creating the mental image of your vampire.
Whether you remember the source at the time of
aracter creation or not, elements from the sources
You draw inspiration from will shape and color your
acters to one degree or another.

If you're aware of the source of your inspiration —
icularly if that source is a popular character that
"other people are going to recognize or be familiar with
our challenge is to create a character who reflects
‘only the particular traits of the e that you find most
ompelling. If you go for a straight carbon copy you'll be
pending an awful lot of time and energy reinventing
the wheel, not to mention ending up with a vampire
tis potentially ill-suited for the game and just begs
for your troupe members to give you a good ribbing for
bringing something so blatant to the table.
Admittedly, coming up with an initial concept on
‘Your own can be hard at times. Starting with a blank
acter sheet is somewhat akin to an artist standing
‘before a blank canvas — the endless possibilities can
ietimes seem paralyzing. This is when you might find
ourself wanting to default to one of your favorite
| comic-book heroes or movie characters to get you
started. Again, this can be a perfectly acceptable start-
gpoint if you develop it further with your ideas of your

ours

61

own. If you come up with a character whose background
and personality are little more than "He's like Wolver-
ine, buta Gangrel," you've just ripped off someone else's
idea —and not necessarily one that's good for Vampire.
No, Marvel Comics probably isn't going to send some-
one to knock on your door and deliver a "Cease and
Desist" letter, but chances are your fellow troupe mem-
bers won't be as enthralled with the idea of having a
comic-book character in their game of Vampire: The
Masquerade. Of course, not all characters based on
existing characters are going to be so obvious, but they
certainly could be if you rely too much on their pre-
existing history, background and personality rather
than developing those elements on your own.

If the other players in your troupe can tell who you
based your character on the very first time you introduce
it into the game, it means you've relied too heavily on
your source material to define that character. It also
means that you've either taken a lot of shortcuts in your
character creation process, or you've naively thought
that no one is going to be able to tell that your red-haired
Toreador chanteuse is based upon Tori Amos. Taking
shortcuts when creating a character is similar to taking
shortcuts when making a car; at first glance the car might
look perfectly acceptable, maybe even flashy, but as soon
as you need to use the brakes you'll wish you'd taken the
time to install more than just the pedal. For anything to
fully function you need to have all the necessary pieces
assembled, not just the most visible ones.

OBJECTIVES OF
CHARACTER CREATION

To help you get the most from your source material,
think about some of the higher goals of character
creation. Believe it or not, the number-one goal of isnot
to produce the most beautiful or impressive-looking
vampire. Consider the following ideas when designing
your character:

You want a character whose struggles, history, chal-
lengesand passionsare intriguing, compellingand complex.
You wanta character who has the potential for growth and
change and evolution. The World of Darkness is far from
static; your character shouldn't be static, either.

Your character should have enough of her own
personality that she surprises you and continues to
intrigue you and members of your troupe as she faces the
challenges and basks in the triumphs of your chronicle.
If you've made a character your own, you'll see the
World of Darkness through her eyes all that much more
clearly, as well as get much more depth and satisfaction
out of the story.

Section One: CHARACTER


Youalso wanta character who isn't invincible. Yes,
you really do, and sometimes choosing an existing
character from popular culture can make this a bit of a
challenge — see the discussion of the Lone Wolf,
above. Movies, books and comics are often epic in their
sweep, featuring protagonists who can destroy entire
cities, countries and even planets without a thought.
While power and its repercussions are an important part
of the issues addressed in Vampire, only the wildest of
elder campaigns will approach this level of power. Good
characters require good roleplaying, but it's hard to
roleplay with other players' characters or Storyteller
characters when you can obliterate them witha blink of
an eye, or when none of their actions can possibly affect
you.

Don't make the mistake of thinking that all you'll
need to do to make the character unique is reduce his
power just a little. If you've based your character on
Wolverine and you've given him metal claws on one
hand instead of two, you still have Wolverine. Be mind-
ful of the whole character and not just his power level.
Being drawn to a source exclusively because it's a badass
and then slightly reducing its powers in some way to
avoid being called a copycat defeats the point of using
that character for inspiration in the first place. Consider
the source material's life and personality rather than the

power level as the heart and soul of your character
concept. Focus on the character asa whole and you'll give
yourself a better chance of successfully using those traits
tobuilda fully realized creation that is uniquely your own.

MAuxHING IT WORK

Let's look at some of the key points you should
address to adapt a well known character into your own
creation.

CHoose A Source THAT MAKES SENSE

When creating a character for a story or chronicle
it's important to remember that the focus of the game is
very specific in nature. Vampire is a game about self-
exploration and humanity's dark side, and the characters
should be receptive to these themes. Not every poten-
tial source is going to work well with these themes. It's
difficult to see how you could base a character off of
Ronald McDonald, for example.

Be aware that what works in one medium doesn't
always translate well to another. Die-hard fans of the
Dune books who loathe the film version will certainly
attest to this. This goes for characters as well as storylines.
A character can be interesting and well rounded in a
novel but fall flat when brought into the medium of a
storytelling game.

Consider how well known your source is going to be
to other players. If your fellow players are immediately
able to identify certain traits about your character, they
might ignore all of the hard work you've done to
customize him and make him a seemingly unique vam-
pire. They'll stop seeing him as your newest Ventrue
because they'll recognize that you cribbed him from Val
Kilmer's Doc Holliday.

Identify the bigger themes behind what you consider
cool about your inspiration. Good characters are good
because they invoke a spark of identification and sympa-
thy in those who read, watch or hear about their deeds.
If your character can replicate that spark in your friends
and Storyteller then they'll enjoy the game, and your
character's part in it, all the more. This isn't to say that
your friends will love your Wolverine-based character
the same way they love Wolverine. But they may see part
of what they love about Wolverine in your character,
while also appreciating him for his own qualities.

Weigh the benefits of using an obscure source versus
a famous source. Playing a character based on Batman is
quite a different experience from playing a character
based on, say, Tom Waits. Obscure characters aren't
stereotyped as easily and don't seem as clichéd to other
players. On the other hand, they can have a narrower
story scope and therefore feel more constricting to play.
Then again, more famous characters have a greater range
of experience, but they can also be the most prone to
being clichéd when it comes to actually playing them.

Be Honest

As muchas you like your source, and as muchas you
think you can change it so other people won't recognize
it, ask yourself if this character is really and truly
appropriate source material for a Vampire character
who needs to function in the World of Darkness. It
doesn't matter how creative you are, no amount of
tweaking the numbers is going to make Ace Ventura,
Pet Detective a worthwhile Vampire character.

It's easy to come out of a movie or comic store or away
froma television filled with enthusiasm and adulation for
apotential source. Then, when faced with a blank charac
ter sheet, it becomes even easier to decide that your next
character will be based on that source. If the source
material you've chosen isn't a good fit for the World of
Darkness or Vampire: The Masquerade, it will soon
become obvious and it will detract from the enjoymentyou
and your troupe members will get out of the campaign.
Your inspiration may be too comical, too overwrought for
serious storytelling, too hackneyed to expect any surprises
from or too flimsy to merit being called a character.

Take a good, long look at your source material and
ask yourself some basic but by no means insignificant

awe Players Gupe

62


»be
tely
hey
+ to
am-
true

Val

ider
food
apa-
‘eds.
ends
your
that
icter
part
cter,

asus
an is
icter
ren't
ther
ower
play.
ange
le to
em.

syou
mize
truly
acter

tura,

away
on for
arac-
next
ource
ld of
soon
ityou
vaign.
ht for

prises

) Fi Veal zg

™
mae

4 ~

questions. On the most basic levels, is he going to work
inthe World of Darkness? Does he have enough of the
fight kind of potential to allow you to create a vampire
that isappropriate for the game? Are you going to put so
Much effort into remaking this character as a vampire
that you'd be better off starting from scratch?

Dic Deep

All players are aware that creating character in-
Wolves asking yourself questions. Everyone is familiar
With the most basic of these: "What sex is my charac-
fer! "Which clan does he belong to?" "What generation
ishe?" "What does he think of the anarchs?" These are
Guestions whose answers form the most basic building
Blocks of a character.

Agood character goes beyond these questions. It is
uestions like "What does he think of death?" "Did she
Believe in God?" "| "Has he
ever been in love?" that shape a character's personality
and make him truly memorable and fun to play.

How does he see freedom?"

Creating a character based on an existing source
Gives you many ready-made answers to a myriad of
Guestions. The answers to these questions are what can
iinlock a character's potential. Take some of the out-
Sanding characteristics of your source and consider
What that character would be if those details were
mmoved orchanged. Would Wolverine be less prone to

PAG

getting into fights if he didn't have his healing factor?
How would Batman cope with an insatiable bloodlust?
Would Renton Embrace Sick Boy or just make him his
ghoul? By answering these questions, you can create

characters that tap into the potential of the original
source but are different, and yet no less interesting.

Inentiey THE INSPIRATION

Once you've determined that the source material
is appropriate for adaptation and you've fully ex-
plored the potential by asking yourself the requisite
questions, try to identify what it is about the charac-
ter that has compelled you to use her as an inspiration
If you're bound and deter-
mined to base your next Gangrel on Wolverine, do
you think he'd make a good vampire because he's a
moody loner forced to deal with the world on its own
terms instead of his? Do you like him purely because
he's a tough guy with cool claws and amazi

for your next vampire.

ng healing
abilities? Are you drawn to him because he's a short
Canadian guy with elaborate sideburns and a crazy
accent? The more specific details you can pinpoint

and identify, the easier it will be for you to develop a
unique character from your source material.

Break it down into raw, basic elements. As you
define just what it is about a certain personality that

sings to your soul, define those traits with the core of

Secmion One: CHARACTER

their appeal. A few basic examples could include any of
the following:

You like the way the character looks.

Seemingly superficial, nothing is actually wrong with
being drawn to a character simply because of his appear-
ance. In order to use that as a source of inspiration for your
vampire, you need to identify what that particular look
projects. Even the small step from "cool" to "sexy" or
"powerful" or "unconventional" or "frightening" isenough
to steer you in the right direction.

You like the way the character acts.

While certain styles of clothes wouldn't immedi-
ately identify an individual as Kindred, that individual's
behavioral traits are often what would make him stand
out from a group of kine. Therefore, being drawn to a
certain source because of the way he conducts himself
opens all kinds of opportunities from which you can
take inspiration.

You like the character's potential.

He can shoot two guns while sliding down a
flight of stairs on his back. She can seduce the most
top-level political secrets out of a tight-lipped con-
gressman. He can hack his way into any computer
system and get all the information anyone could
ever need. In short, your source does cool stuff that
you want your character to do as well.

TAKING OWNERSHIP

Start with the big, obvious elements and see how
you can work with them to make them unique to your
character.

If you simply describe your character as a guy with
claws and sideburns, your players are likely to identify
himas Wolverine. If you describe your character asa guy
who overcompensates for a physical disadvantage and
has rage issues, that makes your source less obvious
Other players will appreciate him for himself, not sim-
ply as a tribute to a famous character.

Using those same three examples we discussed ear-
lier, let's consider how we can start to adapt the traits you
like about your source without stealing them completely.

You like the way the character looks.

So you like Eric Draven as The Crow because of
his dramatic make-up and natty black duds. You've
taken that a step further and have come to under-
stand that you like his look because it's spooky,
memorable and theatrical. How do you change this
to make it unique to your character? Here's what you
don't do: You don't dress him in red leather instead
of black, have eyeliner on only one eye and name him
"Raven." Instead, consider other ways you can de-
scribe his appearance to evoke feeling you've described

‘Vaworre Pavers Gue

above. Can you find a way to make him look spool
and dramatic without resorting to the obvious? Is
haunt in his eyes and a tendency to wear a cast-off
three-piece suit as effective as clown-white make-up
and PVC clothing? Do what you can to shift awa
from the most well known visual tie-ins to yout
source material and challenge yourself to find other
ways to evoke the characteristics they display.

You like the way the character acts.

Let's say you have an epiphany while watchii
Johnny Depp mumble his way through Fear and Loath:
ingin Las Vegas. That, right there, is your next Malkavian,
Turn to him for clues into how you can play someo
whose behavior doesn't remotely conform to the sta
quo, but certainly resist the urge to have him wear
Hawaiian shirt and run around raving about lizard
people. Does your character portray madness becaused
his communication style or his body language or hi
randomness? Maybe his dress is outlandish, or he seem
to be attracted to all the wrong situations while manag
ing to skirt through them somehow unfazed. |
Perhaps you liked the way Blade drew his sword if
a semicircle in front of himself before hacking and
slashing the arms and heads off his foes. You're not,
going to have your character do that, are you? 0
course you're not. You're going to come to the conclu
sion that you like that particular move because its
stylish, graceful and a tad arrogant. Although yi
endanger giving yourself a "shtick" by looking fora
signature gesture, you can give your vampire litle
nuances, gestures and preferences that will add d
desired flair to your character. Flick a Zippo, brush dust
off your lapels or reapply your lipstick after splitting
some wigs. They'll remember that.

You like the character's potential.

Borrowing another character's capabilities doesn't
present quite the same challenges as the other two
examples. Countless ass-kickers, sharp-shooters,
schmoozers, world-class flirts and other characters sha
the types of talents you might be inspired to have. The
need for customization comes when you are drawn toa!
particular talent that is automatically going to be ide
tified with an existing character.

Keep It Goinc

Move on to the smaller details.
By now, you've identified the most obvious traits and:
decided which ones to modify and which ones to discard
Look at the smaller, less obvious details that you can use!
for building blocks and inspiration. Focusing on a
character's less obvious facets has two advantages. Firs
you're synthesizing what really makes the source interest'


vooky ing. Second, despite the character being a truer iteration

Isthe ff ofthe source, the tribute will ironically be less obvious (or Hey, STORYTELLERS

ist-off lessimmediately obvious, anyway) and will stand up better Players aren't the only people who create char-
ke-up J to interaction with the other players' characters acters. In fact, since Storytellers create many
away The character's personality dictates the way he charactersas both starringand SUPBOTUNE Gast while
your | acts, the way he sees others, his beliefs and his morals. players create only ONE AD BEWay, this advice for

other Its this that makes a character truly unique, and defin- character creation applies doubly to you.
| ing this makes a character fun to play. ' A Storyteller can employ a few tricks when
This is the part of the source you'll be playing. Not using a source that players can't. Many Storyteller
ching hisclaws, not his wizard sidekick, not his stubble and __"Teated and -run characters are "on screen' for only
oath- | trademark leer. It's the source's personality that drew ashort period and thuscan be more archetypal, since
avian. youto him in the first place, and it's the personality that notasmany opportunities will exist topick out flaws.

While thi

ouldn't apply to the Storyteller's main

leone will give you the most fun when playing him. %
characters — that is, the characters who make up

status Another thing to consider is how your character if net sett HMienecst cietetencess
year a will affect the troupe's enjoyment of the game. It's easy a pe ee ts ibaa es 2
izard- fora player to tell herself that she's not going against the 4 oan a eiuit alot brates simgpah ae.
use of | themes of the game, but when you are playing a chara a 2 oe ne eo 4 ite eee ey my ‘a
or his Herbased on a source that wasn't designed to work with batik uyecare ge cp Saas sg
seems those themes and you haven't thought about how to fit players iy a rig ng TR pt
anag- ‘the characters into them, it can cause problems very ite (eae oli ania easily recogniz-
| quickly. If you're playing a Tyler Durden homage and able (and annoying).
ord in | you're being true to your character, you'll likely domi-

rand hate or ruin the game's atmosphere. At the same time, Ir's important that your character concept doesn't
enot Fifyou don't play your character as you've designed him _ violently clash with the other players! expectations of the
1 Of IR ‘inorder to fit with the game's atmosphere, you'll be mood and themes of Vampire: The Masquerade or the
nelu- J | breaking your own character concept. story as the Storyteller intends to present it. This doesn't

ie it's Characters who are loners by nature don'tfit well into | mean characters should all get along, but if everyone can
1 you | group-oriented play. Characters who have theirowncon- __ tell who your character is based on, and they don't like
fora voluted backstories that they pursue to the exclusion of that particular personality or don't find it appropriate for
little I everything else are difficult for Storytellers and troupesto the Vampire setting, it's going to negatively affect
d the | work with. Characters who rely on mystery and distance everyone's experience. This goes for any character, de-
idust for their impact are going to become very tiresome very __tived from a source or not, but it's particularly worth
itting | fist. "Yeah, yeah, yeah; we get the moody mysterious guy _ noting here since many people have strong reactions to

‘bit. Now help us figure out how to get that police chief particular sources. After all, playing a character based on

tinder our thumb." Again, don't be a Lone Wolf. The Rock may cause problems if one of your friends hates
vesn't Once you've asked yourself these questions, the Ptowrestlingordidn't enjoy The Scorpion King. Vampire:
Bees | next step is to ask them of the others they'll affect — The Masquerade isa group experience, and your charac-
oters, ‘that is, the rest of the troupe, including your fellow tT has to work in a group context.

share | players and your Storyteller. __ Similarly, situations or themesmay arise over the cour

. The § One of the most important factors in a storytelling of the chronicle that the Storyteller feels are inappropriate.
atoa | game is allowing all players the opportunity to have their When youdiscuss the character with your Storytellerbe sure
iden- 9 characters shine. A good Storyteller has to have a clear ‘© include the source you'll be drawing from if you're

idea of what the characters can do in relation to the Concerned that it could be an issue. Your Storyteller should
antagonists. Even in stories that aren't focused on combat Understand that you don't intend to play a direct clone and
"or other activities that test the character's Traits, the __ Will help you make any necessary changes to avoid unnec-
chance to contribute is important. If the story is one of sary conflict with the storyline or other characters.

sand ff intrigue and social maneuvering around the prince, blow-

icard. inghim and his entire entourage into pieces because your FINAL T BO UeHt>

muse "character concept is a violent sociopath robs everyone else I's tempting to dismiss a player who wants to base
ona ibfthe chance to contribute. her character on a source right off the bat. It may not
First, seem very original, but remember, we all do it to a

erest-

65

certain extent, knowingly or otherwise. Don't dismiss
the character out of hand — mull it over as you would
any other character.

This isn't to say that all characters based on sources
are good, nor are they all bad. They're characters like
any others. How good they are depends on how well
they're made and how well they're played. You'll have
to take a few unique considerations into account, but
don't view them as obstacles. Instead, see them as
opportunities to further define what will, we hope, be a
unique and interesting character who will give you and
your troupe many fun storytelling experiences.

You should never be afraid to admit that your
character concept just isn't a good idea. If after all this
thought and examination you come to the realization
that Wolverine will always be Wolverine no matter
how many Disciplines you stack on him, you'd be wise
to abandon the idea before you bring an ill-fitting
character for your next chronicle.

Characters in storytelling games are like characters
in films or plays. To enjoy their trials, tribulations and
rewards, we have to experience them, and to experience
them we need to suspend disbelief, put aside a little bit
of our post-modern cynicism for a little while and
interact with them as if they are real. This can be hard
to do when they're very obviously based on well known

characters that other players are likely to have precon-
ceived notions about.

Ifa character is obviously similar to a source we are
familiar with, then we can't treat it as a serious dramatic
character. Vampire: The Masquerade is a serious and
dramatic game, and characters who participate in it
should reflect the Gothic-Punk mood and style that
influences every aspect of the World of Darkness. To
bring in a character that retains too much of the
atmosphere and influence of the setting the source
material came from will shortchange you and the play-
ers in your troupe. Gluing on bits of Gothic-Punk set
dressing, on the other hand, simply makes fora manqué.

Creating a truly compelling and unique character
isn't easy, and in all honesty, you probably don't want it
to be. A good character concept requires significant
thought and planning. The more effort you put into your
character, the more enjoyable that character will be to
play and interact with. It's a rewarding process, and the
rewards received tend to be proportional to the effort put
in. Playingacharacter whose creation you poured thought,
effort and imagination into is always more satisfying than
playing a character you threw together without much
consideration. When you've invested your time into
developing a fully realized character, you can expect to

haveamuch more rewarding timeas yousee the chronicle
through your character's eyes.

BEYOND THE CLANS
AND SECTS

Nobody likes a traitor. Treason, betrayal and apos-
tasy are universal crimes and often receive any given
culture's harshest punishment. Kindred societies are no
different. Crossing party lines and going against one's
own always brings motives and integrity into question,
and in an environment where appearance and rumors
often carry more weight than reality, even a partially
credible allegation of treason can be enough to undo
centuries of work. Kindred have unusual relationships
andaffiliations, butmeaningful boundaries are still drawn
between the various camps reflecting common identity,
ideology and agendas. How likely is it for a Sabbat
vampire to collaborate with the Camarilla at the expense
of her packmates? What sort of circumstances would
need to occur for a Cainite to break ranks with her clan
and stand with a traditional adversary? What sorts of ties
exist within sect and clan to unite vampires sufficiently
that make treason as distasteful a crime as it is?

Substantial differences in outlook and spirit exist
between the Camarilla and the Sabbat, and each sect
accordingly believes the other to be anathema. They
have antithetical philosophies of vampiric morality,
which in turn influences their relations with mortals.
Camarilla Kindred tend to see the Beast as a burden, as
an element in their psyches that is wild, unpredictable
and best left unprovoked. The Sabba: the Beast as
an integral part of being a vampire and s ‘ocultivate
a more intimate relationship with it. This difference of
opinion leads to the Camarilla seeing the Sabbat as
bestial degenerates, and the Sabbat seeing the Camarilla

spineless hypocrites. Despite the ideological, hierar-
chical and spiritual differences between the two sects
they share some interesting historical details in com-
mon. Still, on a larger scale, they are primarily defined
by what differentiates them and are unrecognizable to |
one another as proper vampires.

The Anarch Revolt exploded across the whole of |
Kindred society and shook the world of the undead to its |
foundation. The Tremere consolidated their sway over
theirstill-vulnerable domains, the Assamites scrambled |
after every drop of Cainite vitae they could find, and the
Lasombra as well as the Tzimisce were busy diablerizing
their elders and liberating their wealth. What's more,
the mortal world had woken up and put Cainites to the
torch by the score. Both sects emerged during this

\Vaweire PLavers Guipe

6


icle

dos-
ven
tno
ne's
ion,
rors
ally
ndo
rips
wn
tity,
sbat
mse
vuld

lan
ties
otly

xist
sect
hey
lity,
tals.
1, as
ible
stas
vate
e of
t as
rilla
srar-
ects
om-
ned
eto

e of
oits
over
bled
[the
zing
ore,
ithe
this

period of chaos, and the effects of the revolt remain a
relevant influence on the outlook and agendas of both
sects. Tonight the Camarillaseeks to contain the Anarch
Revolt, while the Sabbat seeks to complete it.

While much of the Kindred world tonight is domi-
nated by either the Camarilla or the Sabbat, this was not
always the case. As far as Cainite history is concerned,
the Camarilla and Sabbat are only the most recent
chapters in an otherwise long and terrible story. Thou-
sands of years of history lie outside the scope of the sects.
Among elders who came into their prime prior to the
Anarch Revolt are some who remain preoccupied with
conflicts and alliances dating back to even before the
Middle Ages that have now been complicated, though
ot resolved, by the redrawing of the political map
between the Sabbat and the Camarilla

The Camarilla's traditions were established to pro-
tect vampires as a whole from both themselves and the
Outside world. These laws are also based on the feudal
arangement of vampire princes prior to the Anarch
Revolt, and much of that structure remains. In general,
the Camarilla strives to manage the relationship be
tween vampire and vampire, and vampire and mortal,

Secon One: CHA

67

so that the Kindred may go about their business and
pursue their own agendas with as little attention from
the mortals around themas possible. Apart from the law
and order of the six Traditions, little exists in the way of
sectwide doctrine. Princes still retain the right of inter-
preting the Traditions within their domains — indeed,
it's the duty of their very positions.

Camarilla vampires are also distinctive in the way
that they value their humanity and tenuously guard those
last hazy remnants still clinging to the corners of their

souls. Asa result, members of the Camarilla are less alien

and bestial to mortal sensibilities than most other vam-
pires. This permits the Camarilla's complex relationships
between Kindred and mortals. In their drive to preserve

theirhumanity, some Camarilla Kindred, notably among
the Brujah and Toreador, have been known to become
heavily reliant on and, ina sense, intimate with mortals.
For the Camarilla mortals can be prey, tools, companions
and occasionally inspirations.

Unlike the Camarilla, which seeks to cultivate its
resources and power, the Sabbat looks forward to the
realization of its goals: to ensure the individual freedom
of its members and stand against the influence of the


Antediluvians as well as survive the impending
Gehenna. The Sabbat's rituals, mythology, practices
and hierarchy are all dedicated to these purposes, and its
members are driven by a zealous eschatological fervor.

The Sabbat Vaulderie and the sect's tradition of
individualism are intended to both pragmatically.and
symbolically subvert the tyranny of the Ancients. The
founding documents of the Sabbat, which are viewed by
many as religious texts, enshrine the importance of
liberty. But while freedom fills the imagination of the

Sabbat as a whole, its members interpret and appeal to its
authority in countless different ways. This common
doctrine has not led toa common vision, and the Sabbat
is no less subject to differences of opinion than is the
Camarilla. In fact, the disputes and divisions among the
Sabbat can be even greater than those among Camarilla
vampires, particularly because their doctrine is ritualized
and sacred. Members of the Sabbat are ritually indoctri-
nated with this common mythology and as a result have
something of a common identity, though some Sabbat
are more reluctant to recognize that status than others.
Along with the Vaulderie, this common indoctrination
and mythology creates strong bonds among them. These
bonds and the sense of common identity ate conspicuous
when the Sabbat encounters non-Sabbat vampires and
the Camarilla in particular.

The Camarilla and the Sabbat ate particularly
distinguished by their views on Cainite-nature, the
Beast and the role of mortals. Among Camarilla Kin?
dred, the Beast is something to be restrained. The Beast
is a fearsome presence in the yampire's psyche and best
left unstimulated. It is the curse of the undead, and their
ideologies seek to subjugate it ir favor of more humane
conduct. For the Sabbat'the Beast is a driving engine,
Caine's blessing as well as his curse, that needs to be
fostered and directed rather than closeted. As a result,
the Sabbat does away with the more squeamish aspeéts
of morality and enthusiastically rallies to the reality in
which it sees itself: as monsters preying on mortals.

The Sabbat contempt for human values extends to
mortals as a whole. Nothing is further from the Sabbat
ideal than a mortal: They are weak, ignorant and petty:
Mortals are simply sources of sustenance and sometimes
serve as sources of amusement. Camarilla Kindred are
more deeply involved in mortal affairs, and their success
depends largely on their ability to fit in and mingle.
Mortal retainers and allies are more than simple objects
within the Camarilla. They can be associates and provide
vital ties to the waning humanity of their patrons. Onthe
other hand, nothing is more degrading than a career as a
Sabbat ghoul. Even the uneasy status of the Tzimisce
revenant families makes for a twisted and perverted

Vawere Pavers Guibe

existence, and they are tolerated only because they have
proven long ago that they understand who their masters
are (with the recent exception of the Grimaldi). Even
thisspecial relationship with the Sabbat, and the Tzimisce
especially, hasn't saved several lines of revenant families
frombeing wiped out in the past.

Despite the polar opposites thatthe two larger seéets
have become of one another, some cause still exists for |
interaction beyond that of naked aggression. The race
of Caine is simply far too fractious and scattéred, too full
of individuals, for each Cainite never totempt the line
between loyaltyand treachery. The already antagonis-
tic clans of Kindred s6ciety divide themselves into sects;
within those sects they're divided further by age and
inner-séct faction, orders within their own clans, and so
on. Their loyalties often blur even among themselves,
The possibilities*for individual vampires to cross the
established lines inyplace for them are numerous. To
understand how it might occur, it is also important to
have an understanding behind why.

INDOCTRINATIONIN
CAMARILLA AND SABBAT

The Sabbat and the Camarilla have different ways
of ensuring that their neonates conform to the estab-
lished norms. Vampires in the Camarilla will experienc
a less elaborate system of education than their Sabb
counterparts. While theyare not (necessarily) indoctri-
nated exactly, members of the Camarilla are nonetheless
socialized in a particular manner and.have certain
important details in common.

The amount of guidance in prevailing custom a
Camarilla vampire receives will yary from clan to clan
and sire to sire, but will tend to focus primarily on the
Traditions, the vampite's clan, proper etiquette within
the Camarilla and how to uphold the values of themall
(or novger.caught failing in those virtues! observance).
Itis alsothe responsibility of a neonate's sire to educate
himon thecomplex machinations of Kindred society as
well as its history. This instruction is slanted by the
biases and agendavof the neonate's sire, and a range of |
opinions and prejudices exist among neonates.

The Camarilla's structure is based'on the six Tradi-
tions. By the time neonates are presented to the prince
and'released into Camarilla society, a given neonate is
expected to have sufficiently mastered the culture to
navigate through the twists and turnslof séct peli
without any potentially fatal breaches ofvetiquette or
the Masquerade. Woe to the offending vampire and her
sire if that is not the case! Neonates of some clans, such
as the Toreador, Tremere and Ventrue, have more
elaborate instruction than others, given the emphasis

68

tyhave
nasters:
. Even

se clans place on etiquette and well defined lines of
authority. Others, such as the Malkavians and the
osferatu, might not have as formal or ritualized rules.

‘imisce ong with schooling on laws, customs and interests,
imilies nates may also receive instruction on the nature of
he Beast and how it is kept in check by maintaining
'Esects ‘one's ties to his humanity.
ists for | The customs of the Camarilla have evolved a code
ie Tace ‘dfconduct consistent with the sect's overall, and strictly
oo full ‘enforced, agenda of preserving the Masquerade, pre-
1e line Serving the status quo and keeping a vampire from
gonis- Iosing herself to the Beast. In general very little exists in
‘sects; the way of common sectwide ideology or dogma that a
and marilla neonate is expected to acknowledge beyond
indso that of the Traditions.
elves.

The Sabbat is quite different. Unlike the Camarilla,
ich is open to any vampire who respects the author-
of the Traditions and the prince, full membership in
the Sabbat is reserved only for those who have proven
their worth and their orthodoxy, and been initiated

nto its secrets. Any vampire is certainly encouraged by
he Sabbat to convert to the Sword of Caine's Great
Jyhad, but those who do find the reception less than
coming once there. The existence of a Sabbat vam-
pireis visceral, violent, laden with rituals and symbolism,
nd aroused by the fear of an imminent Gehenna.
The Creation Rite is a vampire's first official step
toward admission into the Sabbat. It is presided over by
the pack priest, celebrated by the vampire's pack-to-be,

ss the
ts. To tt
int to

less

rtain and involves regalia symbolic of both the vampire's new
and pack membership. It isan ornate, ritualized affair

om a culminates in the Cainite's rebirth. While it is a
clan ff ‘Prerequisite, simply having undergone the Creation Rites
ithe fF doesn't make a vampire a Sabbat. Sabbat vampires are
thin J ‘Admitted only after demonstrating competence in the
mall § fieldand a wholehearted renunciation of their humanity.
ice). A vampire's Path of Enlightenment, however, can
(cate yan equally if not more important role in determin-
tyas ing her outlook and interests!)Because of the
the asireligious nature of most Paths and the anchor they

ye of ide for keeping the vampire from succumbing to

Beast, Paths require the vampire to internalize

adi- aand commit herself to a particular set of beliefs.
ince provide vampires with an ethical compass (to
te is hich they are often held to account) and the benefits
to centuries of reflection on Cainite nature. Cosmopoli-

* fan meetings of vampires following the same Path are

r ommon, and some vampires have demonstrated greater
her ity among their fellow Path followers than they do
uch ong their brood or clanmates, attesting to the influ-

ence of Path indoctrination among the Damned.

9

The Creation Rite or the Vaulderie is probably the
first of countless rituals that the vampire will take part
in during her time with the Sabbat. If they are not
outright instruments of unification suchas the Vaulderie,
they affirm the superiority and righteousness of the
Sabbat, and solidarity against a common foe. The
bbat is an association of strong, free, enlightened
Cainites. This solidarity is affirmed at every level of the
Sabbat organization through the Vaulderie: within and
between packs, and throughout their communal ha-
vens. But the Sabbat's sense of relative solidarity does
not keep them from coming to bitter disagreements and
conflicting agendas, or purging their ranks with nigh-
totalitarian ferocity.

The Sabbat pack plays a pivotal role in this indoctri-
nation. Relationships among Sabbat packmates differ
greatly from those in a Camarilla coterie. Packs have their
own rituals and traditions and are bound together by the
ties of the mystic Vinculum. This shared blood bond is the
hallmark of Sabbat solidarity. The indoctrination of a
Sabbat vampire is the collective responsibility of the
vampire's pack, though the ductus and priest are likely to
have prominent roles. The consequences of any doctrinal
gaffes are borne by the offending vampire and the pack's
leadership, if not the pack as a whole. It is in a pack's
interest to ensure that any would-be Sabbat is sufficiently
instructed in the practices and mythology of the sect.

The Sabbat is also aroused by its belief in an epic
and imminent danger. Members of the Sword of Caine
are embroiled in a great ongoing struggle against the
hidden Antediluvians and their puppets, and many feel
a sense of cataclysmic urgency around this conflict.
Recentsigns point ever more clearly to the oncoming of
Gehenna, and that h: me vampires scrambling to
make final preparations. The destruction of the Ravnos
founder, the proliferation of thin-blooded and other
Noddist prophecies foretelling the end times grip the
imagination of many Sabbat. More than merely accept-
ing a particular doctrine, new Sabbat are greeted with
whispers of a great looming peril, deliverance from
which is found only in their sect, and asa result they are
galvanized into urgent action.

This commonmythology does not mean that differ-
ences of opinion among the Sabbat are any less frequent
or bloody than those of their Camarilla counterparts or
that they all recognize each other as brothers and sisters.
Sabbat vampires are free to pursue their own agendas
and interpret the sect's customs and doctrine in a
variety of different ways. Not even the Vinculum keeps
members of the Sabbat from trimming their own packs
of the weak and the heretical, though it does mitigate
some of the more casual dissent. Even the most basic

Semin One: CHARACTER


Sabbat indoctrination is rich with symbol and myth,
and regularly reaffirmed through ritae and the Vaulderie.
Among the Black Hand, the Inquisition and other
Sabbat factions, those bonds are even greater.

FACTIONS

Whether in a clan or sect, factions and secret
societies are smaller groups of politically active Kindred
united by a common vision or ideology, often distin-
guishing themselves from nonmembers. Because
membership is voluntary or granted by invitation after
a period of observation and subtle testing, factions are
among the most ideologically consistent groups that a
vampire is likely to encounter.

Factions and societies such as the Black Hand and
the Sabbat Inquisition guard their own internal tradi-
tions, rites and agendas from the eyes of the uninitiated.
Each of these groups is united by a common vision,
tradition or project, so ties among their members tend
to be quite strong. In many ways, the ties to faction are
similar toa vampire's ties to her sect, though much more
concentrated and personal.

Factions vary in their views of the greater Kindred
population. Some see themselves as repositories of
knowledge, expertise and tradition, working to the
greater benefit. Others, such as the anarchs, have a
more subversive agenda, and one might rightly question
their commitment to their sect. Members of factions
often find it necessary to work together in secret be-
cause their views are at best unpopular. This may be the
result of either a simple difference of priorities or the
stink of heterodoxy.

While factions provide a Cainite with an array of
useful allies and resources, they also win the vampire a
host new of enemies. Opponents may work against the
interests of a faction for countless reasons: conflicting
visions, spite, the belief that the faction poses a genuine
danger. The Black Hand and Sabbat Inquisition, the
twin pillars of subsects within the Sabbat, frequently
come into rancorous dissent over jurisdiction and how
besttodeal with Sabbat crises. Even amongthe Camarilla,
where factions tend to be more localized than universally
represented among the sect's domains, all it takes
minor question of territory to spark open hostility.

Due to their ambitious and secretive agendas, fac-
tions often draw zealous and motivated vampiresstrongly
dedicated to a particular cause. Sect factions open to
members of different clans can become a bizarre miscel-
lany of vampires. Gangrel and Tremere, or Brujah and
Venture can find themselves as members of the same
society pursuing the faction's goals in a way that turns
stereotypes of Cainite society on its ear. Membership in

sa

\Vawoie Players Guide

10

a faction often has an important influence over a!
vampire's relationship with other members of her clan
and sect, and can lead to unconventional arrangements |
of foes and allies.

THe BeNneFits OF CONFORMITY
Whether Camarilla or Sabbat, stepping over the
line is a sure way to lose your neck. Breaking with
custom is a danger not only for the offending vampire,
but also puts the sect at large at risk. Regardless of any
biases inherent in Camarilla and Sabbat practice, they
at least in part include a concern for the security of the
sect in question. Both the Camarilla and the Sabbat
have an interest in keeping mortals from intruding on
Kindred business, and their traditions reserve harsh
punishments to those who threaten the sect or throw
things into disarray. Given the animosity between the
sects, and the antipathy between many of their ideas,
both the Sabbatand the Camarilla treat trafficking with
the enemy with the same sober ruthlessness. Gruesome
public displays make an example to other would-be
offenders, and it is not uncommon for proven or sus-
pected traitors and apostates to find themselves quickly
subject to a blood hunt or wor:

Elders, especially, have a particular interest in seeing
the status quo maintained and enforced. As the vampires
who have accumulated respectable power and authority,
no doubt by mastering the game of Cainite politics, they
have the most to lose from upsetting the system. Princes
and archbishops are further empowered by vampiric
customs to make discretionary decisions, which they may
delegate to their subordinates, to deal with suspected
traitors and collaborators. This authority is provided by
statute or tradition and relies entirely on a functioning
and respected social structure. Additionally, some insti-
tutionally minded clans, such as the Lasombra, Tremere,
Tzimisce and Ventrue, have made an art of leveraging
Kindred customs to their own advantage.

Conformity to the prevailing orthodoxy is closely
tied to status and isa prerequisite for the ambitious, unless
one is an anarch, in which case respect for anarch
subversion plays much the same role. Cainite authorityis
based on a constantly shifting balance of intimidation
and respect. Unless they are prepared to defend their
authority and extort respect of it solely by their own
personal strength or charisma, leaders will take pains to
follow the official and unofficial rules determining legiti-
macy. A bishop who flagrantly ignores a clear directive of
the Code of Milan in favor of his own biased opinion
while pursuing an enemy will likely have his decision
challenged, perhaps even in the form of Monomacy.
Similarly, a rogue prince who has lost the support of an

pire n
factic


its

ed

ng
ti-
re,
ng

ch

eir
vn
to
ti-

of

on

an

—

empowered primogen will be unable to enact his deci-
sions effectively. Princes and archbishops might obtain
their positions through daring, but not by being icono-
lasts, and so the great Cainite political struggles play
themselves out. Usurpers and revolutionaries who claim
authority without sufficient support or legitimacy will
Need to extract respect by force, and that has a tendency
fo create an unmanageable number of enemies.

As pressing and visceral as conflicts and problems in
Ciinite society are, vampires of dubious intention and
Motivation make their way to positions of authority and
influence. Kindred society is rife with disagreements and
Conflict, and it is often difficult for vampires to reach a
Consensus on any given course of action without resort-
ing to threats or elaborate deals. Behind this turmoil of
disagreement one often finds a tangle of interests and
agendas working against each other. Vampires in author-
ityare rarely committed to their responsibilities out of a
sense of altruism or public service and are more often
preoccupied with the benefits of power. Elders relish the
added status, resources and power enabling them to
secure their own positions, maintain their authority and
see to the stability and growth of their allies. These
vampires bring key assets and intelligence to the Jyhad
and, because of their privileged positions and experience,
can expect to have to face complex challenges that will
test their loyalty to sect, clan and coterie. The Kindred
political arena is particularly vicious, and one effective
way of doing away with a troublesome opponent, if
Outright destruction is not an option, is to discredit him
or have him branded a traitor or apostate and allow
justice to take its course.

CLAN Ties

The clan is often a vampire's first encounter with
undead society. With time and understanding a vam-
pire may have some degree of choice over her sect and
faction. Despite their important influenc
yampire's allegiances and interests, times come when
they can be changed. If a vampire is prepared to accept
the consequences, she may renounce her sect and
faction. No such out exists for bloodlines.

sona

Neonates almost universally receive their initial
instruction from their sires. In those early nights when
aneonate is struggling to control the Beast and come to
grips with her new condition, her sire will be the closest
thing she has to a voice of reason. Sires leave strong
impressions on their childer. While each mortal goes
through her own particular torture as she dies, she
finishes the change with the common strengths and
weaknesses that accompany the blood from her particu-
lar clan. Along with these physical ties to their

Sein One: CHARACTER

11

bloodlines, vampires will be introduced to their world
through the biases of their elders and, by extension,
others of their clans.

All clans leave their impressions on a vampire's
mind and body. Even in cases where those marks are
subtle, as in the cases of Toreador and Ventrue, they are
nonetheless significant aspects of a vampire's identity
and can encourage a certain kinship among clanmates.
Many clans, such as the Tremere and the Giovanni, are
selective about the mortals they choose to Embrace,
and clanmates often have common points of reference
from their mortal lives that carry on into their existence
as Cainites. Of course, simply because they have a flair
for conversational intercourse has not made the Torea-
dor a united clan. Professional similarities among
vampires are just as likely to invite competition and
jealousy as cooperation. In some cases, in addition to
being family, clanmates can also relate to each 6therias
colleagues.

Clans have their own regular meetings, rituals and
traditions, about which they are largely tightlipped to
outsiders. Clans such ag the Gangrel, Nosferatu and
Ventrue have distinctive rules, of etiquette governing
in-clan relations. Not all clans enjoy the same degree 6f
solidarity, but for the most part elan affiliation does
draw meaningful lines between vampires. Some clans
have been bitter adversaries for centuries) and insofaras
any vampire is affected by her clan's history, these
perennial conflicts can be expected to come into play at
one time or another. Clans have prejudices against
other clans whether because of aesthetics, ideology or
history; they may also look favorably on other clans for
the same reasons.

Clans have agendas and interests that Often coin-
cide with their common baekgrounds as mortals, or the
particular strengths and weaknesses imparted to them
by the blood of their founders. Among the independent
clans, the roles played by clan and sect become itidistin-
guishable. Gangrel, Setites, Assamites and Giovanni
tend not to define themselves by affiliation in the
Camarilla or the Sabbat (though no reasons exist why
one could not), unlike the Tremere or Tzimisce, where
sect membership and clan membership are handed out
virtually simultaneously. These clans have histories
largely separate from the Camarilla and the Sabbat, and
their own unique Paths and Disciplines, further indicat-
ing their insularity. Because of their political isolation
and particular vision, the independent clans areamong
the most unified of all Cainites.

On the other hand, clans are no strangers to
internecine conflict, and intraclan disputes are just as
vicious and underhanded as any other, if the brutality

\Vawoe Pavers Guipe

that siblings submit each other to provides any indica
tion. Despite their ties of blood, nothing can ensure that
clanmates will all agree with one another, or even like
one another, and conflicts arise between clanmates it
the same way that they arise between vampires of
differing clans. Greed and ambition are common among!
the Kindred, and clanmates are no exception.

CLAN First

Asarule, the majority of Kindredand theirantit
brethren find eachther patticularly distasteful. They
share the same.progenitor's Blood, but sect ideology'
often means that thesé vampires see their counterpart
a§ vile demonizations of each other. The common'
inheritance that they have as a result of being de:
scended from the same clan founder is obvious, but the
profound differences between the sects twist thost
similarities into vulgar mockeries of each other. |

Still, some clanshave such bonds that they manage
tomaintain ties to their counterparts. Even in these rare
instances, sect ideology continues to play a role in
determining théyextent to which these vampires are
prepared to work together. The result is a guarded and
tense.collaboration on. those few occasions when cir
cumstances demand it.,This can lead to complicated
tests of loyalty, whensthese Cainites are forced to bal:
ance their ties to clan with their ties to sect. Th
Nosferatu and the Gangrel are two particularly sympa:
thetic (to members of their own line, of course) clans
and enjoya not-antagonistic, though cool, relationship
withytheir antitribu fellows:

The Nosferatu)are among some of the most clan-|
conscious of vampires. The Embrace turns them inté
putrid horrors and they tend to lurk together in filthy
hard-to-reach places. The Nosferatu realize that the
more extensive their networks, the more valuable the
information they will be able to uncover will be, ands0|
are prepared to crdss sect lines in pursuit of particularh
juicy secrets. They have even been known to provide]
intelligence and assistance to their antitribu counter)
parts when neéessary. On occasion Nosferatu find
themselves in the position of squaring off against their}
antitribu, particularly when other clans are present, but
they often enjoy less strained relations in/private. Given
the Machiavellian nature of Kindred politics, whether
Camarilla or Sabbat, the Nosferatu find themselves
with a tantalizing array of potential clients forany.gi 4
piece of information, and a relatively benign mor
circulating in one sect could prove vital for the other.
In closed Circles some Nosferatu whisper of a my
terious dangerstalking only their clan. Notall Nosferat u
agree, of course, and some attribute this to superstition:

n

Still, some swear that entire clutches of Nosferatu have
‘been lost under unexplainable circumstances, and that
this unknown plague is the culprit. Those who believe
the stories agree that Nosferatu from either sect are in
equal danger, and they regularly put sect differences
aide to share rumors and intelligence. Some even
Suggest that it further points to the imminence of
| Gehenna and that as the Final Nights come to a head
thismenace will grow, putting the entire clan in danger.
Believers are found among both Camarilla and Sabbat
Nosferatu, and these vampires are tireless in their search
to uncover more information.

Ina similar fashion to the overall cohesiveness of
the Nosferatu, the Gangrel often blur the lines of sect
allegiance in their dealings with one another. The
tough existence of these vampire nomads and the

| shared hardships of their nights form a bond that places
| them on easier terms with other members of the clan.
| When meeting fellow Gangrel, the rituals and stories
| thatpass between them seldom depend on what banner,
ifany, they fight under. Be they among the independent
Gangrel, those remaining within the Ivory Tower or
| battling for the Sword of Caine, the issue of sect more
| often than not becomes secondary to that of clan. It's
not uncommon for their bond of clan to allow for the
| exchange of information or tips on the surrounding
| area. Areas to avoid and what power holds sway in the
| nearby cities pass easily among conferring Gangrel.
| Survival is their primary goal in all things. The differ-
| ence between sects often matters little to those lone
Gangrel when faced with so many difficulties set against
them equally.
ther clans have more complicated relationships
with their antitribu counterparts, not because of clan
‘solidarity but rather because their animosity runs so
deeply that it threatens to place the interests of their
sect second to their enmity. While this is not as much
| of a problem for Camarilla-aligned vampires, Sabbat
| elders take a dim view of this policy. The Lasombra, one
ofthe principal clans of the Sabbat, enjoy the status that
they do in large part because they claim to have de-
youred their clan's founder as well as a majority of their
elders and so have set the example for all other Sabbat
clans to follow. Yet those elder Lasombra who managed
to escape being drawn into the Sabbat remain loyal to
what they feel is the true nature of the Lasombra clan.
These secretive Lasombra antitribu make a point of
| undermining their counterparts' agendas. Many of these
tare Lasombra antitribu ally themselves with the
| Camarilla and exist as targets for any Sabbat who may
hear of their presence. Although no known relations
exist between these antitribu and the majority of the

Sabbat clanmates, those among the antitribu still retain
their status among the factions of the clan as a whole.
A similar situation exists in the cases of Clan
Tzimisce and the schism between the Followers of Set
and the Serpents of Light. These interclan conflicts are
notso much the result of differences between Camarilla
and Sabbat ideology as they are irreconcilable differ-
ences within the clans themselves. Because they do not
directly involve the Camarilla, the Sabbat is not likely
to divert crucial resources to these internal clan mat-
ters. Sabbat bishops and archbishops could even
conclude that the pursuit of these personal conflicts
constitutes a dangerous distraction from the overall
agenda of the sect, forcing the Cainites involved to
to the matters on their own. If they cannot count on
their sectmates for assistance they might be forced to
make strategic alliances with vampires from outside the
Sabbat.

OLp Hasrts Die HARD

A few elders survive in the modern nights who still
remember the time before the Camarilla and Sabbat
emerged from the Anarch Revolt. These elders often
seek to reignite their struggles or continue to wage them
covertly from their current lofty positions as princes,
prisci, justicars and cardinals. Centuries-old allies and
adversaries could find themselves in awkward positions
as sect affiliation no longer reflects the boundaries that
existed when their wars began. Ancient broods still
bound together by honor or anachronism must cross
sect lines tocontinue their Jyhad, and invariably younger
vampires find themselves caught up in the struggle.
Organizing a campaign with vampires in both sects
would be a daunting logistical challenge, and elders
would need subtle and reliable vampires for assistance
and spin-doctoring in the event that their questionable
relations came to light. One Cainite might decide to
exploit a weakness in her opponent by leaking critical
information to their opponents in the opposing sect.

ANCIENTSECRETS

While not all vampires are terribly interested in
their history, some are, and rabidly so. Interest in
ancient Cainite prophecies is likely to increase as more
and more vampires come to believe that recent events
do in fact herald Gehenna. Given the scarcity of an-
cient Cainite texts and artifacts, scholars are likely to
cross paths as they scrounge for vital clues around those
few sites associated with Caine, the Methuselahs or the
Second City.

Unless carefully planned and executed, such an
undertaking would be conspicuous and draw the atten-

Secmon One: CHARACTER

B


tion of local Cainite and mortal authorities. Brujahand —_ approached by Camarilla Tremere or Nosferatu seeking
Tremere might find themselves crossing paths and their expertise.
striking deals with Assamites or Setites for passage or
security. Coming to a suitable arrangement with the THe ANARCHS
other parties involved could involve some delicate As a Camarilla faction, the anarchs are the most
negotiating, and it is possible that the nature of the __ likelytoencounter Sabbat offering assistance or seeking
revelations that occur when the ancient secre! converts. To many in the Sabbat, anarch calls for
finally uncovered could result in a drastic reconsidera- _ freedom from the tyranny of the elders, the tendency to
tion of sect or clan loyalties. appreciate strength and competency, and their down-
and-dirty tactics strike a familiar chord, and anarch
ITAMTHE Sect leaders might have former allies now numbered among
Vampires crave power. Cainites who have enjoyed _ the Sabbat.
positions of authority for lengthy periods may come to Adventurous members of the Sabbat could find
identify their own interests and welfare with those of themselves working alongside Camarilla anarchs to
their clan or sect. Rather than tending to the goalsand achieve their common goals of bringing down the
security of their charges, they look to cultivate their Camarilla establishment. Without a target on the hori-
own power and resourcesand see anychallengestotheir zon, however, such an arrangement is likely to be
own personal ambitions as being tantamount to trea- short-lived and could quickly and violently disinte-
son. In cases where their concerns take them into grate. The differences in outlook between the sects
conflict with their peers, these selfish and ambitious would likely cause tension, particularly among anarchs
elders may find it easier to do away with their rivals by — who have a desire to actually rebuild as opposed to
using vampires from outside their group rather than _ simply teardown. The Sabbat would be stupefied by the
using whatever formal process of impeachment may be _ anarchs' desires to cling to the "good parts" of Camarilla
available to them. doctrine, and any talk of vampires treating mortals as
Similarly, a coterie might decide to take it upon _ anything other than the laughable juice bags that they
itself to remove such an elder for the common good. _ are would draw ridicule, if not contempt. It would be
These elders would not have achieved and maintained __ difficult to keep a coalition of Sabbat and anarchs
their positions for so long if they were not powerful, well together after their target has been eliminated. The |
connected and resourceful, perhaps even with out- — Sabbat might have few qualms doing away with their J
standing boons that they can call in. Little is more former Camarilla allies, if they were unwilling to un- |
appealing to a Sabbat pack than the opportunity to dergo the Creation Rites and wholeheartedly join in J | Br
diablerizea Camarillaelder,andacleverenoughcoterie __ their struggle against the elders.
might find a way to get a Sabbat pack to do most of the
dirty work for them. ; Tue Lossor House Goratrix
The animosity between House Goratrix and House
INFERNALISTS Tremere was as»brutal as between any Camarilla and
Another piece of common ground between the — Sabbat clans. This division goes back to early nights of
Jamarilla and the Sabbat is their shared abhorrence of | Clan Tremere and a dispute between the former Hermetic mm her
infernalists. Demons and their servants pose an obvious mage and one. of his most prominent lieutenants and a \ will
threat to Cainites of both sects. For one reason or powerful wizard in his own right. Recently, however, | i Boat
another, the Sabbat has a more elaborate infrastructure House Goratrix came toa spectacular end, and in one step | |
specifically dedicated to rooting out infernalism than all known Sabbat Warlocks were apparently destroyed. |
the Camarilla does and has considerably more expertise. — Thecauseand reason forthe disasterremainamystery,and
at its disposal. A dedicated member of the Sabbat both the Sabbat and many Camarilla Kindred (especially
Inquisition facing a sufficiently dangerous or wily de- _ the Tremeré) are curious to find out what happened and
mon might find the trail leading him into Camarilla how it can best be exploited.
territory. Either infernalist or Inquisitor might decide With House Goratrix destroyed, the Sabbat faces a
that the threat is sufficient to warrant alerting or solic- great loss of scholarship and knowledge. House Goratrix
iting assistance from a prince, primogen or enterprising _also leaves behind centuries' worth of thaumaturgical
coterie to help uncover information about his target. _research, libraries and laboratories of considerable value
Similarly, Sabbat infernalists could find themselves to Tremere and mystically oriented Sabbat. Tremere,
eager revenants, koldun sorcerers or Black Hand schol-
Vawonre PLavers Guide

74

reking

+ most
seking
lls for
ney to
Jown-
narch
imong

d find

ths to
n the
shori-
to be

by the
varilla

oun-
din in

TX

douse
a and
hts of
metic
and a
vever,
estep
voyed.
y,and
‘cially
dand

aces a
ratrix
tgical
value
mere,

chol-

ars might wish to reclaim some of that sudden loss by
exploring House Goratrix's library documents. Their
discovery might in turn lead them to some interesting
questions involving the bizarre relationship between
the Tremere, the Tzimisce, the Salubri and the
Assamites, whetting their appetites and inviting them
to probe more and more deeply.

LOOKING OUTFOR
NuMBER ONE

To hell with everybody. Genuine, long-lasting re-
lationshipsare rare, ifnot impossible, among the Kindred,
and deception and manipulation are the closest things
Cainites have to a common currency. Dangérs lurk
around every corner in the World of Darkness, and the
Jyhad means that tonight's allies may be tomorrow's
enemies. With the great seething society that they are
expected to make their way through, itis easy to See how
vampires become cynical and selfish. You can't count
on anyone as much as you can count on yourself, and
some vampires put their own bove any and
all ideological affiliations. These vampires are content
to make deals with anyone to get ahead and have no
qualms bringing an end to their enemies by any means
possible, including treason. Clan and sect continue to
have some influence on these vampires, but at the end
of the night, they have to make sure that they have
moved themselves ahead and that they occupy a better
position than they did before.

BLoop Bonns, TEMpTATION
AND COERCION

Vampires can also be fooled or manipulated into
working against their clan, sect and even coterie or
pack. Disciplines and thaumaturgical rituals can super-
naturally rewrite a Kindred's loyalties and the ways in
which she perceives her relationships with those around
her. Other means, just as intrusive on a Cainite's free
will, can have much the same result, such as the blood
bond and careful manipulation.

Blood bonds create powerful and subtle ties be-
tween vampires and do not at all respect clan or sect
allegiances. Those Kindred subject to the blood bond
find their chosen loyalties and allegiances taking sec-
ondary place, and in cases where a regnant is a member
of a different sect, it places a vampire in a difficult
position. While a vampire under the influence of a
blood bond might not go so far as to offer up her
packmates to a Camarilla sheriff, that bond might place
the vampire in a vulnerable position that could bring
her into conflict with her loyalties and better judgment.

Certain clans, such as the Followers of Set, have
similarly powerful tools at their disposal. They are
masters of deceit, temptation and corruption, promis-
ing intoxicating wisdom and delights, and make a sport
of pulling a vampire from his path and isolating him
from any potential allies.

GEHENNA

Wharifthe modern nights' omensttruly foretell the
arrival of Gehenna? Few things would have as unset-
tling an impact on Cainites as the awakening of the
Antediluvians and the reclaiming of their wayward
childer. Vampires might dig in, consolidating their
alliances and organizing their defenses. The Sabbat,
finding themselves vindicated, would redouble their
assaults against the Camarilla and other foot soldiers of
the Antediluvians. The Camarilla, beset by a torch-
wielding mob of Sabbat, must come together in face of
the combined threat of the Sword of Caine's Crusades
and the Ancients it can no longer ignore.

For all its uncertainties Gehenna will be a time of
chaos and despair, and only then will the Kindred dis-
cover who is, and who is not, in the service of the
Antediluvians. Rather than affirming the divisions be-
tween the sects, it is equally likely that Gehenna will
throw both the Sabbat and the Camarilla into disarray as
the ancient agendas come to the fore, without any
concern for sect. The Sabbat might find that it is not as
insulated from the influence ofthese vampires as it had
thought, forcing its Cainites to make desperate alliances
with any vampire théyean. The Camarilla, not having as
figorous or systematic an interest in Gehenna as the
Sabbat, could find its members fleeing to their former foes
for any scrap of information that could save them.

STEREOTYPES

While the above scenarios are some of the more
obvious ways in which Sabbat and Camarilla vampires
could justify assisting or working with their enemies,
the Byzantine nature of Kindred conflicts and the
multilayered demands of sect, faction and clan can pull
a vampire in any number of unpredictable directions.
Any vampire, given sufficient guile and motivation,
could find herself among unorthodox allies. Vampires
from clans other than the Gangrel and Nosferatu could
find themselves working with their antitribu counter-
parts given the right circumstances. A sufficiently
ambitious Ventrue with a grandiose vision of her clan's
preeminence could get it into her head that reuniting
her clan and placing all vampires in fealty to it is a
worthwhile project; and who knows what voices and
visions are compelling a Malkavian to seek an audience

Secon One: CHARACTER

ib)


with a Tzimisce voivode. The customs and organizations
of Cainite society do not take away a vampire's free will
or individualism. Sect and clan customs do not dictate
a vampire's behavior, but they need to be taken into
consideration if a vampire decides to break ranks, and
such vampires should realize that they are pursuing a

very dangerous course indeed
Amonga vampire's clan, faction and sect, numerous
complex layers of interest, motivation and prejudice are
woven together that influence a vampire's agenda. They
establish customs, common ground and rules of behavior
and provide neonates with a number of masters who may
demand their attention and resources. They also include
agents who are actively on the lookout for traitors, spies
and collaborators. With these seemingly unavoidable
obligations and influences, one might wonder how any
vampire could even ponder going against the grain.
Ultimately, vampires are individuals, not mindless
partisans, and are greater than the sum of their influ-
ences. They engage other individuals with similarly
complex agendas, not abstractions of sect or clan ortho-
doxy. Clan and sect traditions provide vampires with a
distinct, though vague, orientation, and plenty of oppor-
tunities exist fora wide range of opinion between any two
members of a common clan or sect. Just as important as

a vampire's sect and clan are a vampire's attitudes and
understanding of her sect and clan. A well schooled
Brujah could be an expert on the Anarch Revolt, know
every last relevant detail about the fall of Carthage, have
a well documented list of the humiliations her clan has
suffered at the hands of the Ventrue, and in a fit of self
loathing come to believe that her clan's destiny is best
served by working with the Blue Bloods. Does a Ventrue
find the Camarilla to be a stale and ponderous organiza-
tion, outdated and in dire need of reform and efficiency?
Has a Lasombra neonate become disenchanted by the
grip Sabbat elders have over the sect and feel tormented
by the inherent hypocrisy? Does an ambitious Tremere
feel indignant over constantly being passed over for
promotion and choose to seek a way to pay her superiors
back for their lack of foresight?

In addition to deciding on clan and sect details, it
is also useful to reflect upon the character's opinions of
her associations. How does she feel about her clan?
What vision does she hold for it? What role does she see
herself playing in it? Does she harbor any unusual
prejudices about any other clan as a result of a historical
grudge, or something she picked up from her sire? How
does the character feel about the Camarilla? Is she an
anarch sympathizer? Does she dream of anew Carthage?

\Vaweixe PLavers Gupe

16

un¢
thn
hoy
wit
wil

rea
wit
fin
cor
ang
Ste
tise
col
Oph
un)

e the Sabbat really the raging cannibals the elders
ake them out to be, or are they misguided Kindred
"inder the influence of something that poses a distinct
eat to the Damned as a whole? It is difficult to tell
ow any particular vampire will interpret or identify
ith the history and ideology of her societies, or how she
ill decide to plot her course in the world.

The clan descriptions involve interclan and inter-
t prejudices and stereotypes. It's important to
member that like all stereotypes, their accuracy is
\certain; they tend to provide more information about
"the person holding the stereotype than they do about
the object of the stereotype. Whether they are a reflec-
tion of a group or the prejudices of an observer,
""Mereotypes provide color anda handy means of organiz-
ingthe diversity of the World of Darkness. The challenge
facing players and Storytellers alike is how to strike a
ince between giving the stereotype its due, and at
the same time allowing for a meaningful amount of
individuality in the characters and the freedom to make
tip their own mind:

Clan Brujah and Clan Ventrue are traditional
adversaries, but how does any particular character un-
stand their hostilities? Players should be encouraged
f0 examine how a particular stereotype affects her
tharacter. A player might come up with an interesting
mn why her character's opinions are inconsistent

od with the stereotype. Perhaps an innovative Toreador
ed finds an odd beauty about the Nosferatu and has to
ow come to strike a balance between his own appreciation
ve and the opinions of his clanmates. At the same time,

Storytellers should feel free to have the character chas-

tised by members of her clan whose opinions are
Consistent with the stereotype, and members of the
Opposing clan might rightly watch this rogue vampire's
Unusual tolerance with suspicion.

1

Vampire: The Masquerade provides players with
the opportunity to engage in introspective, personal

conflicts as well as the more conventional blood-and-
guts sort. Crises of Paths and Humanity, the Beast, and
the peculiar context ofa dead person animated by hunger

trying to make her way in a big, dangerous world out to
get her provide amble opportunities for players to delve
into the complexities of their characters' psyches. Notall
troupes will be interested in going down this route, and
no reasons exist why they must. The more players and
Storytellers can get into the minute workings of any
particular stereotype and why it's relevant (or not) to any
particular character, though, the more complicated, real-
istic and interesting the conflicts will be.

Widely held clan and sect biases provide color to a
setting and make for an interesting source of conflict.
They emphasize that clanmates have certain things in
common, whether it's a stereotyped opinion of another
clan or whatever it was that gave life to the stereotype.
Examining the relevance of these stereotypes and com-
mitments makes for a more in-depth character and
keeps players guessing. Stereotypes can also deepen
mysteries and the rifts between the clans. Sure, Nosferatu
are hideous creatures smelling like a waste treatment
plant in August, but why do the Toreador so consis-
tently and vehemently disparage them? Is it simply
because they're ugly, or is something else behind it?

Ultimately, it's up to the players and Storyteller to
decide the motivations within their characters that
would drive them to wrestle internally with personal
belief and treachery. Whether for the good of the sect,
well-being of the clan or just to increase their own
personal agendas, the opportunity to edge toward the
line of loyal Kindred and traitor (to whatever notion) is
asituation many may have to face. Despite the pr
placed on a character by sect, faction and clan, it is
important to remember that every character is an indi-
vidual, and no more the passive recipient of conventional
wisdom than anyone else.

Secon One: CHARACTER



— Philip Caldwell

Groups of players and characters comprise the
focus of Section Two. This section covers both the
troupe and the pack or coterie. Building on the infor-
| ation in Section One, it makes provisions for having
Wifferent players' characters work together, and new
Siggestions for player interaction with the game itself.

WHATIS TROupe-
Stvre Pray?

Vampire refers to a group of players as a troupe, but
Whatabout troupe-style play? That'sa phrase frequently
bandied about in sourcebooks, but it often isn't de-
Scribed in detail for players and Storytellers. Many
Players see troupe-style play as having rotating Story-
tellers, or playing multiple characters. Both of these are
elements of troupe-style play, but they aren't the whole
‘story.

Troupe-style play is a style that focuses strongly on
Story and cooperation within the group, more than it

The important thing to recognize is that it takes a team, and
the team ought to get credit for the wins and the losses.

19

does on individual characters or players. To gain a
better idea of what troupe-style play means, pull back
and look at what the troupe itself is. The simplest
definition is that a troupe is a group of players that
gathers to play Vampire.

Now look at what that definition doesn't say. It
doesn't say "a group of players and a separate Story-
teller." It doesn't say "a group of players who get
together to play specific characters." It doesn't say "a
group that convenes to play a specific set of Vampire
stories." Those are all spins that can be put on the
notion and can produce really satisfying chronicles. At
core, though, the troupe is a group of people who want
to play Vampire. Troupe-style play takes that idea and
puts the emphasis on the group, not the individuals in
the group. It focuses on what the group as a whole does
with a chronicle and how the group develops and
moves the stories in the chronicle.

Troupe-directed chronicles are those in which the
creation and direction of the chronicle are decided by
the whole troupe, not by a single Storyteller. They take

Secnon Two: Tre Troure


many forms but mostly revolve around a cooperative,
collective style of play, one in which the boundary
‘between Storyteller and player is thin or nonexistent,
and in which different players take on different roles
(and perhaps different characters) over the course of
the chronicle. Different players may take the reins of
the Storyteller role for different stories or even different
chapters; players might run multiple characters; char-
acters might be designed or even played as a group
rather than as individuals.

This isn't a style of play that suits everyone, because
no style of play does. It has its drawbacks as well as its
strengths, its bad points and good. It's unlikely to suit
troupes that puta strong emphasis on individual charac-
ters or that put most of the chronicle design and
management tasks onto the Storyteller. For troupes that
want to experiment, want to tell sweeping and broad
stories, or just want to give everyone a turn at being in
charge, troupe-style play offers unique opportunities.

No single troupe-style approach exists; it's a label
that can be applied to many different, compatible ap-
proaches to cooperative storytelling. Some of the ideas
and techniques discussed below apply primarily to Story-
tellers, others to players. In some chronicles, little or no
division may exist between player and Storyteller. Other
ideas focus less on the players and more on the charac-
ters, and how characters can be played and approached
in a more cooperative style. Some ideas transcend all
concerns of players and characters and focus
the direction and style of the chronicle itself.

instead on

CHRONICLE

Before you can start playing in a troupe-directed
chronicle, you have to create a troupe-directed chronicle.
It'spossible to convert an existing chronicle into a troupe-
directed style, but it's not easy, as you end up changing so
much of the existing chronicle that you may as well have

started from scratch. Troupe-directed chronicles tend to
have a very different design and structure from other
chronicles, coming froma different place and going some-
where different to boot. Let's assume you're starting from

the beginning and go from there.

Group Dynamics

The first step is to assemble a troupe of players and
discuss the ways in which this chronicle will be different
from others. The most important difference is the primacy
of the group over any one player or Storyteller. This
chronicle doesn't belong to one person, it belongs to all of
you; all of the players are equally important, but none is as
important as the chronicle itself. The point of the game is
totell the chronicle's story, comprised by smaller character-
based stories.

|

While all the players are equal in the troupe, it's
still useful to have one or two people in managerial or |
facilitating roles, to make sure things get done with |
minimum problems. This is usually the Storytellers,
job, but with no single Storyteller in the troupe, you
need to pick a couple of people to take care of the
logistics. This can mean deciding where the game will
be played and who brings what snacks, as well as game-
related tasks like keeping character sheets and
maintaining records and files. These "chronicle admin-
istrators" aren't more important than the other troupe
members, of course. The decisions are still made by the
whole troupe. The administrators just put those deci-
sions into effect. |

Tue Curonicie's Focus \

With the troupe assembled, you need to decide
what kind of stories, overall themes, and kinds of
characters will be featured in the game. Again, this is
usually the province of the Storyteller, who comes up
with the core idea fora chronicle and invites players to
join. With no Storyteller, it's up to the troupe to decide
what kind of chronicle they want to play.

Most chronicles have a "high concept," a simple
description of what the chronicle will be about. In
many cases, this is "the story of a coterie of vampires,"
but that's usually too vague for a troupe-directed
chronicle that showcases bigger, more expansive sto-|
ties. Such chronicles are usually better served by focusing
on a setting, an event (or events) or a style of story.

Setting-focused chronicles look at stories set in a
particular place, be that a neighborhood, a city or 4
country. Your chronicle's high concept might be "the
story of the Kindred of Chicago" or "vampires and
supernatural forces in the town of Twin Peaks." Event
focused chronicles present stories that revolve around
specific major events or chains of events; example high:
concepts are "the story of the overthrow of the Prince of
Chicago," "the story of the war between the Sabbat and
the Camarilla" and "the story of Gehenna and the rise of
the Antediluvians." Style-based chronicles are a bit
different; they focus on presenting stories with a specific
tone or flavor, regardless of where the stories are set or
what characters are involved. The high concept might
be "stories of personal horror," "stories focusing on Kin-|
dred politics and intrigue" or "action-based stories."

In practice, these aren't hard-and-fast divisions.
Most chronicles combine two or all three focuses to
come up with a final direction — something like "Chi |
cago-based vampires are involved in intrigue and action
stories as the Sabbat launches a Crusade in the city."

‘awe Pavers Guine

80


di-
on

ee

All of the players should have some input into
deciding on this direction. It's quite possible that you
might want different concepts and directions than the

focus agreed on by the other players. Take everyone's
Opinions into account and determine a chronicle focus
that has some appeal to everyone; other kinds of stories
ean still be run, but those stories won't contribute as
much to the overall arc of the chronicle.

This is also a time to talk about the major themes,
moods and flavor of the chronicle. Every individual
fory within the chronicle will have its own theme and

mood, of course, but you may want to have an overall
theme or mood for the entire collective. Again, it's very
important to reach a cons
onthis, because it will have a major effect on the stories
that they run. You'll have players coming up with very
different story ideas in a hopelessness-based chronicle,
forexample, than in one with the theme of redemption.

ensus with the other players

THe CHRONICLE'S SETTING

When youhave the chronicle's direction in mind, the
hext step is to develop the setting in which the storie:
Set. Setting is more than just deciding what city orarea the

are

chronicle takes place it. It's all of the places, locations and
props that you can find in that area.

Once you decide on a city, country or area (which
might be included in the chronicle's high concept), con-

sider what kinds of locations would be interesting, useful or
appropriate for that area. These are places that fulfill story
functions. They can be used as locations in a story and they
can provide story hooks and angles. Get everyone talking
about those ideas and generate a long list of locations; you
can cut them down to size after the brainstorming.

t things rolling: Where are the havens of
the prince and primogen? Feeding grounds and the

Just to g

Rack? Neutral territory where negotiations can take
place, or contested places that are the focus of argu-
ments and gunfights? Formal Elysiums? What's the
local political scene like, or the cultural and entertain-
ment scene? How heavily armed are the police? Where
are the rich neighborhoods, and where are the poor
ones? Does a river run though the city? Or a highway?
Do the Kindred have a bar where they like to hang out?
An underground market in blood or firearms? Museums
containiny

g ancient holy relics?

This kind of thing is what the Storyteller normally
comes up with to flesh out her chronicle. This time,
though, it's the job of the troupe. Once you have a list
of suggestions and ideas, discuss them with the rest of
the troupe, keeping the ones that seem to have the most
story potential and appeal for players. If a particular
player finds a location very appealing or interesting,
maybe that location should be included in that player's

Sectuon Two: Tre Troure

8i

Storyteller territory (more on that later): Storyteller
characters are also part of the chronicle's setting, and
you can find more ideas about them in the Storytellers'
section below.

ComINnG BACK

The job of chronicle creation and management
doesn't end after one meeting. It's an ongoing process
that you'll all need to return to for as long as the game
lasts. It's a good idea to assemble the troupe ona regular
basis to discuss wheré the chronicle is. going, what
ramifications might be caused by recent stories" and
whether any changes need to be*made to keep the
chronicle fresh and interesting. A good benchmark is
to have a quick discussion after the conclusion of every
story, nailing down any changes or ideas before the next
story starts. You might also want to have a»more
lengthy, detailed meeting aftera particularly important
or meaningful story, one that could have'major effects
in the chronicle, to discuss major changes in ditection,
style or setting that might be required.

STORYTELLERS

That plural in the header is deliberate. One of the
key elements of the troupe-style attitude is that the
Storyteller isn't a person who sits apart from the rest of
the troupe. The Storyteller is aplayer, and every player
can be Storyteller if she chooses. Much of the
Storyteller's role ina troupe-directed chronicle isshared
with the other players, who take part in creating stories,
determining the chronicle's focus and portraying Sto-
ryteller characters.

Perhaps the most commonly seen take on troupe-
style play is the idea of having rotating Storytellers. In
most chronicles, the Storyteller is ate from the rest
of the troupe, designing the chronicle's major ele-
ments, coming up with storylines and portraying
Storyteller characters. He's a player, yes, but with a
clearly separate role, and the other players don't in-
fringe on that role.

ep

Many troupe-directed chronicles, however, allow
for multiple Storytellers, or for players to take over
Storytelling duties when they wish. In this sort of
troupe, each story or chapter might be handled by a
different Storyteller who puts her own stamp on the
chronicle's direction. When she's finished, she goes
back to playing as normal and another player takes the
Storyteller's chair.

It sounds simple when described that briefly. In
practice, though, potential pitfalls exist in this process.
Who decides on the chronicle's focus? How can you run
an intrigue-based story when every player knows the

‘Vawene Pavers Guibe

82

truth about every Storyteller character? What if you kill
off a character vital to another player's story plans? How |
do. you make a cohesive story when the focus of the
chronicle changes every chapter? These things can easily
detail a chronicle — but they can also, with a bit of
planning and discussion, be easily resolved. They can
even be of benefit to the chronicle, because they give
Storytellers ideas and plot concepts that they may not
have noticed before. The following tips and ideas may |
help playersdesign a Storytellingdynamic for the troupe,

COVERING THE Basics

Soyouand the other players have decided to rotate
Storyteller duties: Now you need to sit down as agroup
and decide' the absolute practical basics of what that's
going tomean Is every player going to take the Story-
teller role on a regular basis, or do some of the players
wantto skip this and just focus on their characters? Will
you be rotating Storyreller duties for each new story, or
for different chapters within the samé story? Can one
person stay in the role until she feels she's had enoug!
or will yow have a strict rotation? These are all ba:
considerations, but they need to be hammered out
before you go any further. This puts everyone involved
on the same page and ensures that everyone has the
same idea on how often he takes over as Stotyteller.

A good starting pointis to say thateach player runs
a full story consisting.of one or more chapters before
handing theTeins over to the next player who wishes to
serve as Storyteller. If no one wants to take over, the
outgoing player can run another story, or the chronicle
can be paused until another player feels the urge. Ifa
player really wants to run two stories back to back, the
other players must agree. This is a pretty straightfor-
ward arrangement with few problems and should be a
good beginning for most troupes.

STAKING YOuR TERRITORY

Simply having each new Storyteller run any old
story she wants can pose problems, since elements of
the chronicle (characters, locations, themes) are bound
to appear in various stories, and one Storyteller's use of
some elements might render them unsuitable for the
plans of another player.

The easiest way to distribute Storyteller duties
without stepping on other people's toes is to allocate
each Storyteller a territory, or an area of the chronicle
that he deals with. This division might be thematic
(romance stories, intrigue stories), geographic (stories
in a particular city or location), social (stories involv-
ing a particular set of characters), conceptual (stories
about the Mafia, involvement with Lupines) or any
other division that makes sense to all the players.


AsStoryteller, you have the primary (but not sole)
ontrol over your particular territory. If you're the
teller in charge of stories involving the Sabbat,
ind another Storyteller wants to run a Sabbat-based
she needs to ask your permission first and perhaps
herstory ideas with you to make sure she doesn't
pt the storylines you already have planned.

This shouldn't be an utterly exclusive division of
fitory, especially since almost every story has the
otential for touching on various separate areas. Almost
Story can include political or mystical story ele-
ents, for example, and those stories shouldn't be shut
own or paused just because you're not the "intrigue" or
ysticism" Storyteller. A difference exists between a
fory thatinvolves, say, the Mafia, and astory thatrevolves
ound the Mafia. For the latter story, you should get
ermission from the Mafia Storyteller before you start.
If one of the players wants to run a story in your
ptual territory, think it over before saying yes or
9, Will the story sigi antly alter your vision of that
itory, such as by killing off a major Mafia don or
roducing a powerful mystic artifact into the chronicle?
$0, talk it over carefully with the other player, so she
nderstands your concerns and can change her story to
fit (or come up with a different story idea). Con-
tsely, don't be too quick to shoot down any new idea

‘ore | Fstory involving your territory. Changes from outside
sto j in kick off a whole pile of new ideas and possibi

fat you can play with. It's all a question of give and
, and being too protective (or too uncaring) of your

Ifa ptual territory defeats the cooperative purpose of
the oupe-style play.
for-

TORYTELLER CHARACTERS,

Along with story territory, you may also want to
aim several Storyteller characters as being your prop-
ty, while every other player does the same. These
aractersare your primary Storyteller characters, those

5 ofm O play major roles in the stories you plan to run. A:
Fre ith your story territory, other players must come to
eof Wand ask permission if they want to use one or more

these characters in a major role for their stories.
You can decide on these characters on your own,
fining them with the usual Vampire rules, or you can
ne up with them through consulting with the other
. It's worth discussing at least a few characters
htheother players, especially major antagonists and
powerful characters. The chronicle's not going to
kealotofsense if four completely different Malkavian
ppetmasters are hiding in the sewers. Other, less
jotal characters can probably be made as you see fit.

83

Try to develop a wide range of characters for your
own use, ones who will fit well into a variety of stories.
It's not much use making a dozen powerful Tremere
warlocks as your stable of characters, as that pretty
much guarantees that you'll only be able to run Tremere
or magic-focused stories and won't have any characters
to bring into another kind of story. Put together minor
characters and major ones, powerful primogen and
weak neonates, mortals and Kindred and ghouls.

You may also find it useful to come up with a set of
common characters, in conjunction with the other
players, who can be used in any story without permis-
sion being necessary. These should be characters who
could crop up in a number of different stories, from the
garrulous ghoul who deals in stolen blood to the aloof
prince and her Brujah enforcers. No one has a stake in
these characters; they can be used, changed or killed off
whenever an individual Storyteller wishes.

KeepinG Secret Ss

A big part of most Vampire chronicles is the
revelation or discovery of secrets. Plots twist, alliances
shift, and characters die as conspiracies, artifacts and
horrific truths are uncovered.

This can be somewhat of a problem in a troupe-
directed chronicle, though, due to all (or almost all) of
the players knowing the details of the chronicle and
characters beforehand. You've seen the prince's char-
acter sheet and details, since you used her in your last
story, so you know that she's actually a puppet of the
empowered primogen, and so does every other player
who used her in astory. The revelation of this should be
amassive event, but everyone knows it's coming and it
just fizzles out. Well, that's the wor ¢ scenario,
anyway. In practice, it's possible to maintain secrets in
a troupe-style game.

First, remember that player knowledge isn't char-
acter knowledge. So you know the prince dances on the
primogen's strings. So what? Your character doesn't
know, and that revelation is still going to matter to him.
In fact, you can even help the Storyteller pull off the big
revelation, putting your character into situations that
lead to the unveiling of the secret in the coolest and
most appropriate way. This isn't, of course, an attitude
that works for everyone, especially players who prefer a
more natural style of play or who want to be surprised
themselves. But in a troupe-oriented chronicle that
places the larger story over any single player or charac-
ter, it's a very useful approach.

The other option, perhaps more pleasing to most
players, is for you to separate the secret details of your
Storyteller characters from the public details. Don't

Secnon Two:Tie Troure

write "secretly indebted to the primogen" in the
character's background and personality notes. Record
any secret Traits or rules on a separate character sheet.
Now the character has a public version that can be seen
by any player who uses her in a story, and a private
version that only you know about and are able to use.
You mightalso do the same for any noncharacter-based
secrets relevant to your story territory. If your territory
relates to the Nosferatu, you might decide that a forgot-
ten mystic library, archived somewhere in the sewers,
can be found in one of your stories.

This approach lets you keep secrets, but it has one
major problem. If other players don't know yoursecrets,
they can't work around them in theirstories. You might
know about the secret library in the sewers, but the
other players don't, and so they may have that section
of the sewers destroyed in one of their stories, wiping
out your secret. Similarly, if the others don't know the
true nature of your Storyteller character who's blood
bound to the anarch leader, they may have her perse-
cute the anarchs and autarkis of the city. The only way
to avoid this happening is to take the player into your
confidence (which defeats the purpose of keeping the
secret) or not to allow that character or element to be
used in other players' stories (which defeats the purpose
of troupe-style play). You just have to accept this
limitation and be prepared to think on your feet so you
can change the details of any secret to match the events
of the chronicle. Perhaps that sewer library was never
located in the (now-destroyed) sewer after all ....

SIMULTANEOUS STORYTELLING

Simple rotation of Storytelling duties is a core
element of troupe-style play. Another po: ity is
having two or more Storytellers running a story or
chapter at the same time. This isn't generally the way
you'd want to run every story, but it can be a useful and
fun way to run specific scenes or chapters. Usually one
player is the lead Storyteller, while the others act as
assistants or back-up Storytellers. Here are a couple of
examples of simultaneous storytelling; you might think
of others that suit the chronicle.

Splitting Up the Group

Established wisdom has it that you should neversplit
up the player group ina chapter, because the Storyteller
can handle only one subgroup at a time. With multiple
Storytellers, each subgroup can play at the same time,
possibly in different rooms. This could suit a story where
the coterie must split up to achieve a goal or where
different groups of characters engage in parallel stories.

Two Territories at Work

If the story involves two different story territories,
you could ask the player responsible for the second
territory to act as an assistant Storyteller. She can
handle any elements or characters relating to her terti-
tory, leaving you to focus on your area of expertise. This
also allows the second Storyteller wiggle room to make
sure the characters or story elements of her territory
aren't misappropriated during your story.

Flashbacks

If the action in a story flashes back to an earlier
period, a different Storyteller can run that scene or
chapter, possibly the Storyteller who handles that story
territory. You could also use a second Storyteller to run
parallel stories, dream sequences or other events that
take place outside the flow of the main story.

Controlling Storyteller Characters

In a story with significant Storyteller character
involvement, it can be useful to have a second Story-
teller who controls some or even all these characters,
leaving you to focus on other things. It's especially good
if the story involves a significant interaction between
two Storyteller characters. You and your ant can
carry out the conversation or interaction, rather than
you just talking to yourself in different voices.

Whenever you work with a second Storyteller, you
need to spend time beforehand working out the way
you will work together. If you're not on the same page,
things will quickly fall apart as you start working at
cross-purposes. Talk to the other player about the focus
of the chapter or scene, what events should happen and
the end result (if any) you desire.

PLAYERS

Ina troupe-directed chronicle, everyone'sa player,
no matter if you're also a Storyteller, assistant Story-
teller or the guy in whose living room the troupe is
playing. Everyone has something to contribute, and
everyone is involved in running or developing the
chronicle. In this section, though, we're talking about
the traditional player role, for when you're not being
the Storyteller. Plenty of options exist for a non-
Storytelling player in the chronicle, from playing a
character to designing the chronicle's setting to intro-
ducing your own plot elements and concepts.

Pavers! CHARACTERS

As a player, you of course have a character. (In
some chronicles you might have multiple characters,
but let's discuss that a bit later.) In most chronicles, you
create a character who has some kind of appeal to you

Vane: PLavers Guide

&


and who exists within the parameters of the chronicle
You crunch the numbers, double check with your
Storyteller, and you're good to go.

In a troupe-directed chronicle, though, the em-
phasis is different, and so should be your approach to
creating a character. The most important thing is that
youshouldn't create your character in a vacuum, but in
conjunction with the other players (just as they create
theirs with your help). The reason for this is that the
primary focus is the chronicle, not the character. You're
fotaiming just to have a fun time playing your charac-
terand telling his story. You also want to create a larger
story, one that takes into account all the characters and
elements of the chronicle

What kind of character should you make? For one,
heshould be active, not reactive. Don't make a charac-
terwho sits around waiting for the story to show up, but
ne who can and will go out and make things happen
Asa player, you need to be supplying Storytellers with
hooks and plot ideas as you play (more on that later),
and nothing does that like a character who gets in-
volved in new stories.

Secondly, you need to make a character who
complements the other characters being created. That
means not creating a character with the same basic
Concept as that of another player, and not creating a
character who directly and universally works against
another player's character. If two characters have the
same concept, they can become very similar in what
they do and what role they play in the story, and what
the chronicle needs is a wide variety of roles to kick off
stories. Nothing is wrong with creating a character of
the same clan or coterie or even with the same sire as
another character, but you should try to build your
character's role and personality in a very different
direction from the other character's.

(Of course, same doesn't mean similar. It's fine to
have two or more characters based around similar
concepts, as long as the characters have their own
individual styles. If one character is a former Marine
and the other a gangster from 1920s Chicago, they
might have similar abilities, but the way they act and
think will be very different.)

Similarly, if your character is directly opposed to

another character's concept or role (for instance, play-

ing an infernalist in the same coterie as a Ventrue
Gntitribu Inquisitor), then that conflict can disrupt the
story and derail the chronicle. Conflict can be good for
stories, but it can also be destructive; save those kinds
Of characters for Storyteller or occasional use.

SecTuon Two: THe Troure

5


Finally, youneed to think about any hidden aspects
of your character, such as dark secrets or old enemies.
Many Vampire characters have such secrets, and they
can be interesting, but like the secrets of Storyteller
characters they can be a problem within the troupe. If
you state the secret up front, none of the other players
will be surprised when the truth is finally revealed; keep
it secret, and the others can't work those secrets into
the stories they run. It's really a personal call whether
ornot you want to give your character secrets, and if you
want to let the other players in on them. A good
compromise might be to tell the others that a secret
exists but not what that secret is. That way, when
coming up witha story, the player can come to you and
get just enough details to add an element of mystery
into the plot, while leaving you to supply further details
through roleplaying the character.

Story CREATION

As a player in a troupe-directed chronicle, you're
probably also a Storyteller. When you take the Story-
teller mantle, it's your responsibility to come up with
story ideas and to run those stories for the-troupe. That
tesponsibility spills over into your role as a-player as
well. When you're playing your character, you also
need to be devoting part of your attention to the story
and thinking about ways to create storiesfor both the
other Storytellers and for yourself. Your character can
create story hooks, you can interject story ideas out of
character, and you can accept story offers fromother
players and their characters.

In-Character Hooks

A story hook is something your character creates?
It's an event or set-up that can be used as the germ ofa
story Concept or that can take an existing story inanew
direction if desired» On a very simple level, if your
character leaves an important doctiment in her lover's
apartment, that's a hook. Now the document can be
stolen, the lover can be kidnapped, thé lover might use
it for other purposes, and so on. That's pretty basic and
boils down to the Storyteller paying attention'to the
things your character does. More important are the
things you decide to do with the character, the larger
hooks you deliberately give the Storyteller so that she
can use them as a major part of stories.

When you have a proactive character with an
agenda and personal style who generates plotactivity,
story hooks almost take care of themselves. Almost, but
not quite. You want to give big hooks tothe Storyteller;
ideas that can kick off an entire story rather than just
complicate an existing one; and that requires some
deliberate thinking on your part. When you're playing,

Vawrnre Players Guide

bs)

look at each scene your character finds herself in and
think, "What can my character do at this point that
could bring about something new?" This doesn't have
to be anchored exclusively in the current scene, of
course. You can develop a hook over several scenes, or
it can even be something entirely new, but each new
scene is a chance for your character to develop a hook.

What constitutes this kind of important hook?
Generally, it should be something that can affect mul-
tiple parts of the chronicle or be involved in.multiple
stories. Your character selling a gun to another vampire
isn't likely to be enough; selling a shipment of assault
rifles to an anarch cell almost certainly will be. Simi-
larly, recruitinga journalist asa contact doesn'topenup
a lot of storyspotential, but making the editor and
publisher of a major newspaper into your blood bound
ghouls does. This kind of grand scale is one way to make

hook useful; another is to direct your attention toward

Significant ends. Making a gambit to wrest,power from
aminor functionary doesn't haveas much story poten-
al as wresting the samie-amount of power from a
vindictive Tremere primogen, because that character's
capacity for retribution, and ability ro play a part in
future stories, is much greater.
One possibility. is to use hooks that tie into your
Storyteller territory. In doing so, you're letting the Sto-
rytellerknow that you've thoughtof possible repercussions
and story events that can spin from that hook (since,
after all, you're always considering stories for your terri-
tory). She knows you can follow up on the hook as need
be in your own stories and that you'll cooperate with her
if she develops a story that uses your territory to deylog
that hook (which you.certainly should).
It's also worth noting that your Storyteller is ca-
pable of increasing the story potentialfa hook Be
changing his own story to. fit. For‘instance, if yor
character sold a pistol to an angry Young neonate, that |
doesn't necessarily kick ff new stories. Not until the |
Storyteller has the neonate use it to murder'a vice |
detective who's been uncovering the truth about the
Kindred. Now his notes have been sent to journalists,
and the prince is blaming your character.for giving the
neonate the murder weapon, and the police are track: |
ing down the pistol's owner .... The Storyteller can do
alot even with asmall hook. iferat Cah see serious story
potentialjin your character's action, your Storyteller
probably cari too.

Out-of-Character Plot Ideas

Aswellas putting together hooks in-character, you
should never hesitate to suggest plot ideas directly to
your Storyteller. Don't blurt out, "Hey, I've got a great
idea!" in the middle of a tense*in-character dialogue,


ut bring it up during a break, a lulllin the action, via
email or between scenes or chapters: In general, you
should probably share the idea with all the players,
since they're also all Storytellers.

_ The plotideas you bring up here can be the same as
the sort you'd develop»as an in-character hook\(espe-
tially if you want to.develop that hook with the
Storyteller's help), but youréanvalso talkabout ideas
that can't be addressed in-character. Generally, that
means discussing things that could happen to your
‘character, rather thanthings that she does herself: This
isthe time to talk about attacks that can be made on
‘her, romantic advances from Storyteller characters ora
mystical curse that strikes down her sire's bloodline.

You can also bring up plot ideas that don't directly
focus on your character, of course. If it occurs to you
while playing that having a clan schism erupt would be

great source of stories, tell the Storyteller. Better yet,
bring it up with all the players and see what everyone
thinks. This is the perfect time to mention concepts
that everyone could use when running games and to
discuss whether those ideas take the chronicle in a
direction everyone will enjoy.

When coming up with plot ideas, whether they
directly or indirectly affect your character, the first
place to be looking is your Storyteller territory. This is
the area you know best in the chronicle, after all, and
aplace where you can make changes as you
Don't ever be afraid to suggest plot ideas from your
territory to the other players, even if it seems like it's
putting your wishes ahead of the others'. The troupe

| needs a constant influx of new story notions and idea

and it's part of your role as a player to come up with
things. Suggesting things that relate to your territory is
also good because it comes with preapproval, and you
don't need to convince another player to allow you
access to elements of her territory. When you're focus-
ing on a plot idea that primarily affects your character,
tying it to your territory is equivalent to giving the
felevant Storyteller permission to use material from
your territory. The chance to play with new plot toys
andoptions goes a long way toward convincing another
Player to go along with the idea.

Accepting Story Offers

You're a player, but you're a Storyteller as well in
Atroupe-directed chronicle, and you need to retain the
Storyteller mindset even when you're just playing your
own character. Like you, the other players are going to
‘be developing story hooks and suggesting plot ideas,
‘and though you're not the Storyteller at the time you
should pay attention.

When another player develops a story hook, think
about what you can do with that hook as a Storyteller
and what your character can do with that hook as a
player. Can your character help develop that hook into
a full-blown story? Can you attach a hook of your own
to it to make it stronger and more interesting? Can you
use it when you're the Storyteller, if the current Story-
teller isn't interested in using it? It's almost always
worth playing along with a new hook and seeing how it
develops; most hooks can be taken in lots of different
Ways, and your input can make it more useful.

When another player suggests a plot idea, don't sit on
the sidelines while she discusses it with the Storyteller.
Unless the two of them want to keep it private, join in the
discussion and offer ideas. This is especially true when the
idea is one that can have chroniclewide effects or make
significant changes to the game, but it's also worth doing
for smaller, more single-character-focused ideas. The aim
is still, after all, to tell good stories about all the characters
of the chronicle, not just one player's. Your input can help
the others tie in other characters or setting elements to
make the idea more meaningful for everyone. This is a
good place to offer access to your story territory as well, if
you like the idea. Such access allows the Storyteller to
make a more complex, multifaceted story using multiple
story territories and ideas.

It's easy to sum this up. Asa player, it's your job to
listen. Listen to the Storyteller, pick up the hooks and
story possibilities she puts into her story, and take
advantage of them. Listen to the other players, pick up
the offers and suggestions they make, and incorporate
them into your own playing and Storytelling. And
listen to your own instincts and ideas about what makes
a good story and go with those instincts, because it's as
much your responsibility to make the story and the

chronicle work as it is everyone els

CHARACTERS

The above section on players talked about some of
the ways to approach creating and playing characters in

a troupe-directed game. While these ideas tinker with
the standard model, they don't move too far from the
norm. You still have a single character, and you still
play him whenever you're not in the Storyteller role.

If you're looking to try something different, though,
troupe-style play offers a few alternative approaches to
characters. The following concepts all focus on differ-
ent ways for players to come up with characters for the
game, by putting the emphasis on the entire chronicle
rather than on the individual character.

Section Two:Tie Troure

87


DIFFERING Dower Levers

In most Vampire chronicles, player characters are
all of roughly equal power level (inasmuch as that
phrase means anything). They're all created the same
way, with the same number of dots and freebie points,
and they all have roughly the same level of compe-
tence. Different characters have different abilities, but
each has generally the same degree of expertise or
influence in his primary area of development.

Keeping everyone on the same footing makes sense
for most chronicles. It gives characters a reason to work
together and helps balance spotlight time for the play-
ers. Ina troupe-directed chronicle, though, these things
aren't as important, because no individual character is
as important as the chronicle, and every player has a
turn in the spotlight. So why not mix up the power
levels and let players have characters of widely different
abilities?

In this sort of chronicle, some players' characters
might be mortals, ghouls or thin-blooded vampires,
while others are neonate Kindred and others are more
powerful ancillae, primogen or even elders. Youneed to
consult with the other players to decide what chara
ters are being developed and to determine how many
dots and freebie points more powerful characters can be
built with.

A group of this kind is certainly unbalanced froma
simple power perspective. The elder is stronger, more
experienced and more mystically powerful than the
neonates, and a veritable demigod when compared to
the mortals. But the troupe-directed chronicle isn't
about power, it's about story, and this kind of arrange-
ment allows for a wide variety of stories to be told. The
neonate characters can be involved in almost any
typical Vampire story; mortals and ghouls can be in-
volved in their own intrigues, as well as act as agents for
their masters during daylight hours; elders and primogen
appear in stories about high-level politics and ancient,
powerful mystic fore

With this kind of character spread, you need a
chronicle premise that will fit such a group. The char-
acters could be a powerful vampire, her childer and
servants; or perhaps a powerful vampire could be the
mentor toa group of neonates and ancillae, all of whom
work to further his goals. They could even be a blood
cult, with a charismatic high priest, her Kindred follow-
ers and a smattering of mortal dupes and cultists. Chew
over a few ideas when coming up with the chronicle's
premise and see what you come up with.

THe CHARACTER FoLio

Where troupe-directed play can become really
interesting, from a player's point of view, is with the
possibility of playing more than one character — not
simultaneously, but playing different characters in dif-
ferent stories. Again, this takes the focus off any
individual character and places it on the chronicle,
allowing for epic stories with a cast of dozens or more,

Inthiskind of chronicle, every player creates folio
of characters with a variety of different personalities
and purposes. When you decide to run astory, the other
players each select a character to play from their folios,
depending on a basic outline of the story from the new
Storyteller. When that story finishes, the character
goes back in the folio, and another one is selected for
the next story.

When you create characters for your folio, it's usu-
ally best for each player to create the same number of
characters and to make a wide variety of characters —
not just different clans and personalities, but different
types of characters, from mortals to elders. If you have
half a dozen characters in your folio (not a bad number),
that might be a mortal or ghoul, three neonates, a more
experienced and influential vampire, and an elder. This
kind of approach gives the same story flexibility as a
chronicle with characters of differing power levels (see
above), with the advantage that every player can be
involved in every level of the story. You can all play
mortals, or elders, or whatever, in one story and then play
characters of a completely different type next story.

The characters in your folio might be unrelated, or
they might be members of a specific group. Maybe each
player controls a small coterie, which has alliances with
the coteries of other players, thus allowing members of
different groups to combine resources when necessary.
Alternatively, for a folio of characters with differing
power levels, each character of equivalent power in each
folio might be related. Perhaps the neonates are the
members of an anarch cell, while the elders are sympa-
thetic Kindred working politically to pave the way for
revolution. Or perhaps one character in each folio is in
the Camarilla, another in the Sabbat, and each mortal is
a vampire hunter out to destroy the Kindred.

Another advantage of this approach is that you can
play characters who might not fit well into a standard
coterie or work well with specific other characters.
Now you can create that Nosferatu diablerist or Setite
agitator and play her occasionally, but not so often that
the tensions between her and the Ventrue archon
disrupt the chronicle.

The obvious drawback of this approach is that it
doesn't give you the same depth of roleplaying that a

‘Vameme PLavers Gupe

8


one-player-one-character approach does. You have
plenty of roleplaying opportunities, but you don't usu-
ally have enough time with one character to really get
intoherhead and develop her personality to the fullest.
Ifthat's the kind of roleplaying you really like, this may
not be the best approach for you. For a troupe that
Wants to tell big stories about lots of different people,
though, it can be very satisfying

Tie CHARACTER DOOL

The next step beyond the character folio is to
temove the individual ownership of characters com-
pletely. In this kind of chronicle, no player controls a
single character or even a group of characters. Instead,
you have a pool of perhaps two dozen characters shared
bythe whole troupe. Whenever a new story begins, the
cta character to play from this commu-
tal pool. The character you play today might have been
portrayed by one of the other players last week, and
could be used as a Storyteller character by another
Player next week.

players each sel

With a pool of characters, you can tell stories of
tuly epic scope within the chronicle. Different stories
Gin involve completely different groups, giving a sense
Ofa busy setting full of characters and events. For this

89

teason, you want to populate the pool with as many
different kinds of characters as possible. Create vam-
pires, elders, ghouls, invading Kuei-jin, mortals and
anyone else who could play a role in the chronicle.

These characters can be created by all the players,

acting asa group and deciding who should appear in the
chronicle. Alternatively, you might make a few charac-
ters on your own and add them to the pool, allowing for
some personal touches to the character line-up.

As with the character folio, the drawback of this
method is that you're unlikely to have the opportunity
for really deep roleplaying. Some players may have
problems adjusting to such acommunal style and to not
being able to fully own a character. If you create a
character with a dark secret, for instance, you need to
remember that all the other players will know about it
The other characters won't, of course, but you won't be
able to surprise the other members of the troupe
Finally, you need to develop a system for determining
who picks characters and when, so that conflicts don't
develop when two or more players want to take charge
of the same character

Foran interesting extension of this notion, youcan
even do away with the notion of Storyteller characters
and players' characters. Instead, you just have a pool of


LAYERS CHARACTERS AS
TORYTELLER CHARACTERS

One thing worth doing, but doing carefully, is
using your own character (or one from your per-
sonal folio) as a Storytellercharacter when it's your
turn to runa story. This has a lot to recommend it,
You know all of your character's foibles, plans and
secrets, better than anyone else, and can use the
character to best effect in the story you're planning.
If your character has a strong connection to your
Storytelling territory, that gives you a ready-made
hook for making the character relevant in that
story, especially if it's a story that ties into your
character's recent actions.

Making your character relevant in a story,
though, is different from having that story revolve
around your character, which is something you
want toavoid. The other players are here to explore
their character's stories and the story of the
chronicle. They aren't here to watch your charac-
ter become all-important and monopolize the
spotlight. When you're the Storyteller, youneed to
focus on the larger story and the needs of the
chronicle, not playing your character and crafting
a story around him.

If you want to use your character in a story
you're running, go ahead, but don't make it his
story. It's still the story of the players' characters
and that of the wider chronicle. Your character is
secondary, even if he plays an important role.
When he's done his thing, pull him offstage and put
the focus back on the characters being controlled
by the other players.

characters, all of whom can be used by Storytellers or
players as appropriate. No privileged, Storyteller-only
characters exist; if the character appears in the chronicle,
he can be played by any member of the troupe. The
Storyteller of a particular story can rule out certain
characters appearing if she likes, such as saying that no
one can play the city's prince during a story about
anarch politics. She should also choose whichever
characters she'll need for the story before the players
choose their own.

(If this sounds like too much, think about a com-
promise position. Put some characters into a pool,
while keeping one or more for your own personal use.
This way you have your character, whom no one else
can play, but also a wealth of other characters you can
play or use when Storytelling.)

\Vaworre PLavers Gude

%"

Pootinc Resources

One advantage of working toward a larger, troupe-
oriented story is that players are more likely to cooperate
to put that story together. Rivalries and tensions and
conflict are bound to come up between players' charac-
ters, of course, and this is a good thing. Such conflict is
an excellent avenue for storytelling and can give rise to
new story hooks. Those minor tensions aside, charac
ters normally work together to reach goals, and their
players work together to create the best and most
interesting story possible.

To foster that spirit of cooperation, it can be
worthwhile to break down some of the separation
between characters, in order to emphasize the impor
tance of the group. Things like character pools do this,
putting the focus on the chronicle and setting where all
these characters interact, not on one or two or 10
particular characters. Another option is resource pool
ing, allowing characters to share their abilities and
advantages. In a Vampire chronicle, these advantages
are normally a character's Backgrounds. Even in a
traditional chronicle, characters will often use their
Backgrounds to help other characters. In a troupe
directed chronicle, it's possible to go even further and
make some Backgrounds the property of the entire
troupe. In such a chronicle, characters might be able to
work together to achieve greater things or operate as if
they had the same Backgrounds as another character,
even a character who's not actually being played or
appearing in the chronicle at that time.

Notall Backgrounds can be pooled, or be pooled to
the same extent. Some Backgrounds combine — if your
character has two dots and another character has one
dot, they can work together as if they had three dots
total. Allies and Contacts are combinable Backgrounds,
for instance. Other Backgrounds are complementary,
where you gain an advantage by combining two Back-
ground ratings, but it's notas greatas ifthe Backgrounds
combined. Resources is an excellent example. Five
characters with Resources | can pool their finances to
gain greater purchasing power, but it's still nowhere
near the money one character with Resources 5 has,
Finally, some Backgrounds stand alone, and characters
can't combine their ratings in meaningful ways. Gen-
eration is the prime example of such a Background,
since hanging out with characters of a higher genera-
tion isn't going to make your character any more

potent. Combinable Backgrounds are very easy to pool, lid
while complementary ones require a little more work aa

and thought, and stand-alone ones normally aren't
pooled,

Different troupes can pool character Backgrounds
inmany different ways; no hard-and-fast system exists
or doing so. Here are a few suggestions for ways you
t pool Backgrounds; your troupe might come up
fith it own ideas as well.

eS The characters in play can pool their combinable
te lackgrounds whenever they work together toward a
ie al, such as combining their Contacts to find informa-
ia on. When two or more characters with a
, omplementary Background work together, the one

vith the highest rating in that Background gains a
be nall boost, perhaps an extra dot, if the other character
on hasa rating high enough to make a meaningful differ-
ore . This is very much the usual way of pooling
‘is, kgrounds, and it sees use in many chronicles.
all The character group being played has a separate
10 pol of group Backgrounds, derived from the Back-
ol- grounds of the characters involved. Add together the
nd fatings for each combinable Background, going over 5
ies ts if that seems appropriate. Take the highest rating
ie reach complementary Background and add one dot
oe iitforeach character with a rating that's equal or only
ja dot less (to a maximum of five). Stand-alone
nd ackgrounds aren't combined. With permission, you
ue can use the group's rating in a Background, rather than
te of your own character, if it seems appropriate. It
sif hight be hard to use the group's Resources if you're on
ba our own, but maybe you have a debit card that draws
OF joint account.

For a troupe that likes to strongly emphasize the

[to foup, you can blur this even further. Maybe players
our n draw on the group's Backgrounds in all circum-
me f Mances, without their characters needing permission
ots their allies. Maybe the group can even have
ds, tings in stand-alone Backgrounds, based simply on
ee he highest rating in that Background for the group.
ck- fhis can break down in some circumstances (how do
ads share your ally's Generation?), but some troupes
ive be fine with this.
i Individual characters can improve Backgrounds
ES only through roleplaying, not with experience points.
Be group or coterie, though, may be able to improve
on 0 p Backgrounds with experience points. This makes

he group's rating in a Background a more permanent
hing that doesn't rely on which characters are being
ayed at any one time. The experience point cost for
inprovinga group Background issomething each troupe

fe should decide on themselves, but a good baseline is the
oe tating x3. Multiple characters can contribute
nt

iperience points to pay for this increase.
Alternatively, the group might have group Back-
founds, but they must be bought separately from

91

scratch, rather than being based on the ratings of the
relevant characters. A group might start with five dots
in various Backgrounds, just as a character, which
characters can draw upon. Again, players can choose to
improve the group's Backgrounds with experience
points. In this case, the experience cost of improving
the group's Backgrounds should be less expensive than
above, as players might have to pump many points into
a group Background until it becomes greater than that
of their own characters. A good baseline is the new
rating x2.

If your troupe uses character folios, you could pool
the Backgrounds of the entire folio and draw on those
combined Backgrounds for any character you choose to
play, even though the other characters of the folio
aren'tappearing in the chronicle at that time. This isn't
always going to be appropriate; some folios might have
characters that are bitter enemies, for instance, and
their Backgrounds probably shouldn't be combined.
Folio Backgrounds might also be improved with sepa-
rate experience points, just as a troupe might improve
a group's Background rating, with the same costs as
above.

ExXpeRIeNce

If you're in a troupe that uses characters folios or a
character pool, you need to decide how experience is
going to be handled for characters. Since players can
use many possible characters, handling experience in
the normal fashion means that only characters used by
players in the current story will grow in their abilities.
That can work for many troupes, but other groups
mightfind it leads to awkward differences in experience
and skill between characters. Here are a few possible
alternativ

Broad player experience: Instead of the experience
points being attached to a specific character, they're
awarded to each player. The player then gives those
points to each of his characters as he sees fit. For a
troupe that uses folios, that may mean that each and
every character in the folio gains that much experi-
ence; in a troupe that uses a character pool, the group
might choose five or six characters to improve with
those points. This method usually leads to steady,
consistent improvement to all characters.

Narrow player experience: Just as above, except you
must actually spend your experience points to improve
aspecific character, rather than giving points to all your
characters. You can make minor improvements to your
characters as time goes on or save up points to make
major changes to one character's Traits. This method
encourages players to consider character improvement

Sectuon Two: Tr Troure

carefully, but it can lead to a growing gap between the
power levels of characters.

On-screen experience: Any characters who appear
in a story, whether handled by players or the Story-
teller, gain experience as normal. This is a very organic
way of handling experience; it feels natural that those
characters who do the most improve faster. It can lead
to favoritism, though, with players wanting to keep
using the same characters to keep improving their
abilities. It can also result in recurring Storyteller
characters becoming increasingly powerful.

Staggered experience: Every character in the folio or
pool gains some experience points at the end of every
story, but those who take a more significant role gain
more points. Asan example, those characters portrayed
by the players during the story gain the usual amount of
experience, while all the other characters in the folio or
pool gain a single experience point. This alleviates
some of the problems of solely giving on-screen experi-
ence, while still rewarding players for being involved in
stories.

Universal experience: Every character in the folio or
pool is awarded the same amount of experience at the
end of every story. This is consistent and easy to control
but can feel artificial, since a character who isn't used
for a long time will be notably more competent than
before when she finally does appear.

LeGACY OF
DAMNATION

Want to try something different? Maybe you've
played more chronicles of Vampire than you've watched
television shows over the last few years. Maybe you
have brought a single character up from the Embrace
into the hallowed halls of vampiric power more than a
few times. Maybe you just think you have tried it all and
done it all with Vampire. In that case, a Legacy of
Damnation chronicle might be appropriate.

A Legacy of Damnation chronicle focuses on play-
ing a vampire in different eras of play. Specifically, you
play a particular character through a plotline, but
instead of carrying that character into another era of
play, you play that character's childe and then her
childe and on down the line. A player may have her
original character Embraced in the nights of Enoch,
play the childe of that character as she discovers her
first real taste of power while walking the wild borders
of Rome, and finally play the childe of that childe and
lie down for voluntary torpor in the modern nights. The
crux of a Legacy of Damnation chronicle is that the

Vamp Players Guine

2

players explore different eras of history or plotlines
different characters from the same lineage of Kindred.
In effect, you create a considerable vampiric family
tree, exploring the ins and outs of not just one chara
ter, but the character's sires and childer. The resultis:
complex story with multiple personalities and goals all
held together by the commonality of the Blood.

A Legacy of Damnation story is also about placing
acharacter in unfamiliar territory and then carrying on
the story past that one particular character into
lives of his childer. As exotic a setting as any place om
Earth may be, after playing in that region for multiple
stories, you and your character learn the ins and outsof
that region. Sure, you could have grown up in Kentucky
all your life and find yourself playing in a chronicle set
in Kuala Lumpur and revel in the novelty of it all, but
over time, you and your character will come to know
the Storyteller's rendition of Malaysia and come te
expect certain things. The Legacy of Damnation allows)
you and your troupe to shake things up a bit. Why not
start in Malaysia of the 17th century, as your Kindred:
encounters virgin Asian culture and, over time, grows)
and changes with the region, Embracing a new childé:
as the ages pass and as new events occur. This carries on,
his legacy into the future. What about playing a French'
Kindred during the beginning of the Hundred Years.
War and the entire "family" line as the war wages and
eventually ends? With the passing of time you can rest
assured that the physical, political and social land
scapes will change and place you into new and intriguing!
storytelling opportunities, while you create and select
new characters to meet those challenges.

s

PRIMOGENITURE

A Legacy of Damnation chronicle requires only
moderately more time to make work than the basic!
historic chronicle, though you should-keep in mind
that this can still mean a good deal more time thana
regular story of Vampire.

The center of the Legacy of Damnation conceptis
passing the legacy of one character to another in 4)
different age. In effect, the Legacy of Damnation story
is a variant of troupe-style play, in which a player
controls multiple characters. In this type of chronicle,
however, the player controls only one character at a]
time, retiring one character in one time period in favor
of another character ina later time périod. Usually, the
two characters the player deals with are sire and childe,
with the sire slowly fading into obscurity or torpor ag
the childe maintains the legacy. The sire's fade from
play can be abrupt instead, as in the case of Final Death,

a


ws
dot

jump-starting the legacy with the !childe becoming
more active in the earlier era of play.
Most ofthe extra work in a Legacy of Damnation
onicle will come in' the form of detailing your
acter's first childe. At the point when your charac-
ter Embraces the childeand you anticipate transferring
play from one chatacter to the other, you should create
the character as a normal starting vampire The éasiest
nd most convenient time to perform the transition is
setween stories when you anticipate moving from one
orplotline to another. In this way, the legacy of one
character is transferred to the other while at the same
time starting afresh in a new setting.
Fromsire to childe, abridge from one plot tothe next
omes into play while still giving you the opportunity to
Portray a new character. In fact, the plot does not have
O drastically change as you take control of the childe,
eaving the Storyteller the ability to maintain contacts
and stories despite the change in time periods. The
ilde should hold some of the goals and pl:
ocarry on the plot into the next era, but this is more a
‘Suggestion and less a rule. Indeed, the'childe may resent
sire and actively work against his interes
Once the transfer of control is finalized youshould
itdown with your Storyteller and discuss what hap-
‘Pens in the interim. What does the sire do. in his
retirement"? Is torpor an option, or. does he continue
‘Tofunction in Kindred society? What about the childe?
"sshe prepared for the new era? What facets of the sire's
‘unlife will carry over to the:childe? Will any enemies,
‘antifacts or allies cross thé generational»gap? Is the
childe pleased or apprehensive regarding her future?
As the childe becomes the main character (and on:
down the line), she should grow into her own power,
‘eventually shrugging off the shadow of her sire and
orging her own goals. In time she may well become a
ire herself, with you prepping the retirement of an-
other character and preparing to embark on a.new, era
"and character. In sucha chronicle, the cycle can repeat
‘for as long as you have eras to play.

of her sire

GENERAL REQUIREMENTS

It is worth mentioning again that a Legacy of
Damnation chronicle is not a standard Vampire
hronicle. Whereas a more traditional Vampire
hronicle focuses on a particular character's deyelop-
ment,a legacy chronicle focuses on the development of
tiple characters throughout a diverse amount.of
ingsand times. Make no mistake, a legacy chronicle
isnota light-hearted romp throughthe many centuries
Of Kindred and kine society, nor is it a story that is
eared for new players or players who invest only a

93

minimal amount of time in their chronicle. Ina legacy
story, it is no longer the Storyteller's sole responsibility
to fun the chronicle. Players control a host of charac-
ters, and while they probably do not control all those
characters at the same time, it is probably a good idea
to think of the line in the same waya Storyteller looks
at her characters, as coherent parts of a whole:

HELPING THE STORYTELLER

Playing in a Legacy of Damnation chronicle re-
quires time-and dedication. If such a chronicle runs
corréetly, the players should put in as much'time before
and after the actual session as the Storyteller. A legacy
story requires the players to act as interim Storytellers
at times in order to better Manage their lineage. The
chronicle will certainly require a good deal of creative
energy and a considerable investment of time by the
Storyteller. The Storyteller is going to need help keep-
ing up with the many plots, personalities, Storyteller
characters and settings. The more:you, asa player, can
do to help alleviate'some of that burden, the more the
Storyteller can focus on maximizing everyone's enjoy-
ment of each session.

Ina legacy story, you are part of'a team. Think of it
this way: Instead of trying to maximize the play of any
one particular character, you may have to juggle two or
three or more characters (either in terms of troupe play
rad hoc Storyteller characters). With such a broaden-
ing of scope, the focus understandably shifts from a
single ambition to more team-oriented goals. Expand
that team mentality to encompass all the players and
their characters and the Storyteller as well, and the end
result i$ a literal community of players' charactéts and
Storyteller characters all interacting on many/levels,
not unlike the troupe-style play described at the bégin-
ning of this section. The possibilities: also expand
accordingly, and a whole new style of play‘and series of
rewards become available — if you are willing to put in
the time.

Players needito communicate with the Storyteller
as much as possible. For a Storyteller to develop inter-
esting and appropriate plots over different etas, he
needs to have the maximum amount of preparation.
Information is the greatest tool of any Storytellet, and
that tool is never more important than in a legacy
chronicle. As a player, you must provide évery oppor-
tunity for the Storyteller to anticipate plot
developments, especially when you are preparing to
retire one chatacter (the sire) and create anew one (the
childe). Relaying your characters' intentions and goals
and aiding the Storyteller in developing the chronicle
will result in a much smoother and more enjoyable

Sécnon Two:Tie Toure

chronicle, plus the critical transition periods will be
that much easier to handle.

The following sections deal with the specific re-
quirements of each style of legacy chronicle. One
suggestion, though: As you read through, if you come
across one style or another that you particularly like,
read through ita second time. During that second read-
through, place yourself in your Storyteller's position
and analyze all the benefits and pitfalls from that
perspective. Will the other players be as excited as you
about this particular chronicle? Can one player or
another try to abuse the situation? Will everyone pull
his own weight? What plotlines and eras are most
appropriate for the troupe?

When you have the basic answers to all the above,
the final, most important question to ask yourself is,
"What can I do to help make this chronicle runas easily

as possible?

ALnrtLe TRust

Another major requirement of a Legacy of Damna-
tion story is to have a little faith in the other players.
Just as you must constantly ask how you can ease the

burden on the Storyteller, you can also simultaneously
ask what you might do to help the other players enjoy
the chronicle. Exploration is one of the major themes
ofa Legacy of Damnation story, and itis arare roleplayer
who can really use the potential of that theme without
feeding off other players. So, to explore your own
character, you will also have to rely on the other players
to give you feedback and help you draw out the full
experience

Similarly, if you trust the other roleplayers and
their abilities at helping weave a good tale, they can
help you lead the story in directions that may help your
character grow. Trusting the other players will also
allow youto return the favor. By listening and roleplaying
with the other players it will become evident what their
characters' goals are, and if you trust them you will
oblige those hints by helping push the story along in the
direction they would like to see. The end result in
either case isa good deal of player control over the story
as well as some welcome relief for the Storyteller.

For example, imagine your roleplaying as you take
a character in transition from a Dark Ages chronicle

S GuDe

Int
en
we
thi
lay
up
ex!
rol
the
abi
cat
Ins
wh
am
act
sto
Sec
nig

ers
the
chr
by
frus
cha
pla'
fror
trus
pul
ove
stor
to
role
pla
cha
pria
tow
the
play

stor

gam
fien

Ke

ina
You
moc
own
area
out:

Pinto a Victorian Age chronicle. You would like to
‘emphasize how enamored your character is with the
Wonders of steam technology and have communicated
"thiswith the Storyteller. The Storyteller has to focus on
‘laying the basic groundwork of the setting and the
‘upcoming adventure and is not able to dedicate any
"extra time to your character's obsession. With good
‘toleplaying you can easily communicate your desires to
the other players and, if they trust your roleplaying
ty, they may help you create a scene in which you
‘can introduce your character's new fascination. So,
instead of constantly having to rely on the Storyteller,
Who might have to focus on the setting and copious
"amounts of Storyteller characters, your fellow players
tas interim Storytellers and help both you and the
"story as a whole. (See Conrad Hubbard's essay in
Section Three for more information on this tech-
nique.)
One thing to remember about trust between play-
ets is that this trust does not necessarily translate into
thecharacters getting along. Asa Legacy of Damnation
chronicle sometimes focuses on the alienation wrought
by centuries of static existence, it is easy to have the
frustration the character feels transfer to the other

aracters ... and that is where the trust between
layers is crucial. Some of the best roleplaying is built
from conflict among the characters, and a good deal of
t is required on the part of the associated players to
pull such tension off. The ability to advance the
‘overarching plot while also forming an interesting side
story about a conflict between two characters is a boon
0 any story. When you trust the other player's
Toleplaying ability you are probably more willing to
lace a little risk in the relationship between the
characters. Sure, in some chronicles it is entirely appro-
jate for all the characters to get along and work
foward a common goal, but in those chronicles where
thecharacters may work with competing ambitions the
yers need to trust one another soas to ensure that the
tory does not devolve into a bickering match.

Of course, none of this may apply to you if your
ming troupe consists of a bunch of backstabbing
ends who are all about pulling the other guy down.

‘FEPING YOUR OpTIONS Open

The final major requirement on the part of a player
1a Legacy of Damnation chronicle is also the easiest.
You must keep your options open and be willing to
1 your character's and the lineage's goals and your
play accordingly. Different times and different
of the world are going to require different things
gut of your roleplaying and probably place some severe

%5

obstacles in the way of your character's ambitions. The
result is that if you refuse to modify your bloodline's
goals, they will eventually become stymied and frus-
trated into inaction no matter how many characters
you have played in that particular line. In a legacy
chroniclea Storyteller hasa host of options open to her,
so many that she can take the story (with your help and
approval) into all sorts of unexpected directions.

Expect the unexpected and be willing to react to
those new situations. Think of your options in the same
light as you might look on a Kindred who refuses to
change with the times. Throughout Vampire canon
those Kindred who are unwilling or unable to react to
the flow of time are eventually driven to Final Death or
torpor. It is only a matter of time before the world goes
ina direction that makes the Kindred a threat to their
tence. The same principle exists for you as a
roleplayer. If you refuse to change with the chronicle,
you and your character will quickly become a liability
rather than an asset to the telling of the story.

THe BASICS OF THE CHRONICLE

A Legacy of Damnation story is not much more
difficult to play than any other Vampire chronicle. A
few differences make a legacy chronicle stand apart
from other Vampire chronicles, though, and, in the
end, make such a chronicle worth the time and effort.
STANDING THE SIGHT
OF THE OTHER CHARACTERS

A basic Legacy of Damnation story involves your
character starting out in the annals of history and
working his way into the future through his progeny. Of
course, exactly how fast time progresses and which eras
your different characters experience is up to the Story-
teller. A base line is needed to first develop your
character in order to create acommon starting point for
the troupe. So, just like any other story, you should
work with the Storyteller to develop an appropriate
character to the setting. At this stage of the chronicle,
little is different except for maybe the setting, and you
can easily plan accordingly.

From here, play begins as normal. The Storyteller
presents plot elements and Storyteller characters as
appropriate and you roleplay through the experience.
Some subtle differences should become apparent at this
point, though the differences from chronicle to chronicle
will be quite different. In a standard Legacy of Damna-
tion story some overriding elementkeepsall the characters
together. This element's importance cannot be
downplayed. Though it falls mostly on the Storyteller to
provide a reason to keep the troupe cohesive over the
years, you must be willing to roleplay in order to support

SecTuon Two: Tre Troure

eo

a believable reason for your character to want to spend
years and years with the rest of the troupe.

The reason for staying together does not have to be
the exclusive providence of the Storyteller, and any
suggestions or initiatives on your part will certainly
help. Get into your character's mind and figure out a
reason she would want to stay with the others. Explore
what drives your character and what the other charac-
ters bring to the table in terms of advancing those goals.
Talk with the other players, see what they are thinking
about in terms of troupe cohesiveness and try to work
out a common reason for staying together. It can be as
simple as agreeing to gain a common vengeance or
sharing a common ancestry, or as complicated as want-
ing to stay close to one's perceived enemies. In the end,
though, having a specific reason for your character to
stay with the others will help develop into good
roleplaying as well as further define your character's
personality (always a good thing). Remember to relate
all of your decisions and thought processes to the
Storyteller so that he can integrate the appropriate
information into the story.

A straightforward example of the "sticking to-
gether" thought process is if the obstacle or enemy your
troupe faces is well beyond your collective power to
overcome. In this case, it will take years of scheming
and planning to eventually emerge victorious. This is
where the Legacy of Damnation story excels, providing
you with the opportunity to slowly build your character's
power so that he can legitimately face off against the
obstacle. In this case, the Storyteller probably has a
good ideaas to the reason your troupe will stay together
over the years, but that idea is fleshed out by the
roleplaying and interaction of the players into a believ-
able and interesting situation. To use a metaphor, the
Storyteller builds the foundation and your roleplaying
finishes the house.

The Storyteller may not come up with a specific
reason like an obstacle or powerful enemy. If such
happens, then it falls squarely on your shoulders to work
with the other players and roleplay a reason for staying
together over the eras of play. In either situation,
whether your Storyteller provides a reason or you work
one up with the other players on your own, the end
result must be that you have a troupe that can with-
stand the progress of time. This rule is one of the few
absolutes in a Legacy of Damnation chronicle, and
though it may appear commonsensical, it bears note.
Any troupe worth its roleplaying salt with a flimsy
excuse for sticking together will pull apart at the first
major troupe conflict. Thus, it is worth putting a bit of

Var Pavers Guine

%

thought into exactly why your characters all work so
closely together.

VARIATIONS ON A THEME

A few different styles of a Legacy of Damnation
chronicle can take form depending on your Storytellers
goals and your enjoyment. Each style offers alternative
opportunities and advantages as well as some very
interesting and challenging roleplaying situations.
Think over the different styles that follow and sit down |
with your Storyteller and work out a format that meets]
your desires and her capabilities.

The different styles focus on the various ways you can
advance your character into the coming eras. The key to
remember when discussing the format of a Legacy of
Damnation story is the time investment involved, for
both you and the Storyteller. Certain formats will require'
more time and more work and offer appropriately creative
possibilities. At the same time, though, that same format
may be inappropriate due to real-life constraints. Take
some time to work out the nuances and decide what
situation offers the best opportunities for your troupe.

Tue Basic Lecacy

The most fundamental form of a Legacy of Damna-
tion story is to play a single lineage of Kindred while:
advancing the timeline significantly between each
character. The amount of time can amount to years or
decades rather than really large passages of time. The
result, though, is that your character experiences a good
deal of the world and his unlife in a fairly short amount)
of chronicle time — sort of a "survey" of a time period.
Eventually, it will come time for your character
Embrace a childe and pass on his legacy, creating the
opportunity for you to play an entirely new charactet
set in a time period after the period during which yoti
began play with the sire ... and so on and so forth.

This is a simple variation on troupe-style play, but
instead of trading arbitrary characters, move toa .
time with a specific character through the occasional:
character shift. The biggest advantage to this style of]
story is the simplicity. While still offering some reall
great roleplaying opportunities and advancing the
timeline, you are not forced into anything radica
different from more traditional troupe play. The child
of your sire character probably holds a number of similat,
outlooks and desires, and she's certainly a member of
same clan. Similarly, the setting dées change, but not
drastically that you are forced to reevaluate yout
character's entire personality and worldview.

With the gradual advance of time, new innovatio
and technological advances will be introduced, and youtt


aracter can really focus on the implications of those
ances. It is most advantageous to start the chronicle
st before some major revelation or change in history,
as the death of Christ, the Fall of the Qing Empire
Orthe English Civil War. In these situations you have the
tunity to play your character for some time and get
feel of the chronicle before any major setting revela-
tions. Then, when the pivotal event occurs, you have
some roleplaying history from which to draw as well as a
decent background with the other players and their
\cters to enjoy working through the situation. Wars
asthe fall of the western Roman Empire) and social
olutions (such as the Renaissance) provide wonderful
gs in which you may play through the progres
the event from start to finish, taking control of a new
acter at different pivotal events and discovering the
fepercussions.
Pick a time period or a particularly interesting
point in history. Times change, and in this story style,
youhave the opportunity to change characters toadapt
with the times. Of course, a character who has difficulty
adapting can be a satisfying storytelling challenge
don't overdo it.
Starting out in a basic legacy chronicle, you create
acharacter normally with special emphasis on picking
at least a few Backgrounds that would be a good basis
going forward. Herd dots in this case create the pool
individuals from whom your character will probably
when the time comes for her to create a childe.
y dots represent either a specific mortal that may

e

id. ff ne night become the childe of your character or
to Possibly someone already of your character's mortal
lineage, by which a true "vampire family" may come

bout. Contacts serve strongly here as well, as do those
tainers whose help merits additional attention (and
ibly punishment),

The difference between investing characters repre-

fic ented by Backgroundsis the difference between developing
ral yourcharacter's childe from the outset ordefining her later
of as the chronicle progresses. Each approach has its own
lly antage, with Background characters probably being of
he more use to your character right from the beginning while
lly decidingas play occurs allows you to define the childe later
de indmore in line with the unfolding of the plot. Donot rely

on the dots to drive your character's selection of a childe,
though. Backgrounds should serve as convenient starting
ts, places for you and the Storyteller to start the
ssionas to where your character will find her progeny.
grounds should not be the beginning and end of the

Ly]

THe Hunt PRe_upe

One key toa Legacy of Damnation story is that you
must invest some time in specifically roleplaying the
acquisition of a childe. Think of the hunt for the childe
as a prelude for a new character. In both a standard
prelude and a legacy hunt prelude you work with the
Storyteller in order to create the story in which your
character selects and meets his potential childe. Reread
the prelude section of Vampire: The Masquerade (p.
108) to reacquaint yourself with what is suggested.
Overall, though, the emphasis should be strong on
roleplaying rather than rolling the dice as you try to find
the best candidate for a childe.

Forthe hunt prelude youmust have your Storyteller's
permission as well as possibly setting aside some one-
on-one time to tell the story of the hunt. This session
(or sessions) should unfold much like a prelude, with
you as the player inputting a good deal of information
during the process rather than reacting entirely to the
Storyteller. Remember, this is your initiative and you
should roleplay appropriately. It is a good idea to give
the Storyteller a bit of a heads-up as to your character's
goals and desires so that he can plan accordingly. In the
end you should have developed a good deal of back-
ground information on your childe character as well as
set the groundwork for the eventual transition.

Overall, your responsibilities are not altered from
those discussed earlier in this section, witha bit of commu-
nication, understanding and some research probably doing
the trick for filling out your childe's history. Thus you can
concentrate on roleplaying and enjoying the chronicle.

JumpInc Viewpoints

Like the standard Legacy of Damnation story, a
jumping viewpoints chronicle requires you to control
multiple characters. Unlike a standard legacy chronicle, a
jumping viewpoints chronicle has all the characters under
your control (more or less) simultaneously. Another ma-
jor difference between this style and the basic legacy style
is that the lineage is defined well in advance of the
beginning of the game. Inajumping viewpoints chronicle,
the lineage has a strong and constant influence on the
creation of the characters of its progression, as opposed to
astandard chronicle in which the characters influence the
line as much as the line influences them.

Depending on the desires of the Storyteller and the
development of the plotline, you take control of the
character appropriate to the era. This often means that
you may play different characters each session, devel-
oping the plotline in each era at the same time.

Your troupe and the Storyteller decide at the be-
ginning of the chronicle which eras you would like to

Secmion Two: Ti Troure


play. You then develop appropriate characters for each
era and work into their backgrounds a connection
between each, specifically, where the character falls in
the family tree. Before a jumping viewpoints chronicle
begins, you should build up the family tree of your line.
From some base starting point (probably set by the
Storyteller) you map out the names, locations and
maybe a line or two on the personality of each Kindred
in the lineage. You can have multiple branches or none
at all, depending on how you choose to represent the
lineage. You need to pay particular attention to the
years in which the specific vampires are active so that
as you change time periods you pick and develop an
appropriate character.

Once you havea basic map of the lineage, youshould
goahead and jot down a couple of ideas as to what defines

the line as whole

A few thoughts or ideas here will
suffice, just enough to give the line a bit of personality
and direction. With a basic idea of who and what the line
is all about you can craft the characters as needed with a
convenient common point or trait for all of them.

For example, three characters created from the
same family over the ages may well have similar dispo-

VAM

98

sitions. Families are known for engendering the same
general personalities, preferences and general outlooks,
You can expect families over the years will change but
that generalities may stay the same. A family from
medieval Italy known for being very involved in polis
tics and a bit hotheaded might be described in similarly
broad terms four centuries down the line. Certainly not
every member of the family will conform to those
stereotypes, but for the purposes of playing the chronicle
the archetypes may lay the groundwork for full-fledged
personalities. The character from the earliest era, in
this case medieval Italy, will probably cleave closest to
the archetype, with the other two characters diverging
the farther in time they are from the Middle Ages.
The character developed after the Middle Ages
may decide to break with expectations. Although his
family expects him to become a minor political official,
he instead opts to join the military or to explore his
artistic talents. The family pushes him in one direction
while he forges his own path — something carried over
sad. He may be
Embraced by his ancestor-sire for his vision and drive to
become something more than what was expected, orhe

into his existence among the und

me PLavers Guibe

the
van
vid
mul)

of ¢

| following the ancestor-sire's carefully laid plans for
him. Whatever the case, the groundwork is laid for a
compelling sire-childe relationship.

The character in the latest time period may have
| nothing to do with mortal politics and be quite level-
"headed, but through your roleplaying may finda passion

for Kindred politics she never expected, quietly fulfill-
ing her family's destiny. This discovery is set into
motion because of the link to the family and the other
| characters. In time the character may discover the
"existence of the characters from the previous eras and
‘decide to carry on their goals.

It is worth noting that in each of the three cases
‘above a simple connection like a mortal family allows
the player to quickly develop distinct personalities and

same time maintaining a commonal-

another. It is relatively easy to remember the notion of
"the family and apply it accordingly to the character in
‘seat that point. You may switch from one character to
"another from chronicle to chronicle, or you may not use
one character for a number of sessions, making it
difficult to remember exactly how you last roleplayed
‘that character. With a common link you avoid having
‘to create entirely new personas and having to remind
"yourself each chronicle exactly what that character was
‘all about.
__ Asin any other Legacy of Damnation chronicle,
| the characters can be faced with an obstacle or enemy
that transcends a single era. In a jumping viewpoints
| chronicle, however, you have the opportunity to tackle
that obstacle at each time period progressively. The
‘tesults of one period should have repercussions in the
| others, lending an immediate gravity to the actions of
| each era. Perhaps a player's character in the earliest era
‘able to steal an ancient artifact from a Toreador
nemesis. Later, the Storyteller has one of the player's
latter-era characters discover that artifact, lost and
forgotten in the cellar of his mortal family's estate. Or
maybe the untimely death of an early-era character
tops the generation of that same Toreador, making
the Degenerate that much more difficult to defeat in
Tater time periods.
Make no mistake, a jumping viewpoints is one of
the more difficult roleplaying options available to a
Vampire player, but it is appropriately rewarding, pro-
viding you with the ability to simultaneously explore
‘multiple time periods as well as control different types
of characters

Go FortH AND MuttTIpLy

In this style of Legacy of Damnation chronicle, you
develop a historical character as normal. As with a
standard legacy chronicle, you will control multiple
characters at different times, but in this case you acti-
vate the different childer of the sire at different times.
The key here is that the sire has multiple childer for you
to select from. In many ways, this game has the most in
common with a standard troupe-play game, with the
only major variation being that all the characters are
vampires descended from the same sire.

For instance, you create a sire character who even-
tually Embraces four childer. You create each character
both in terms of Traits as well as background. From that
point the Storyteller presents you with different eras
and you decide which childe to portray during that time
period. In effect, you activate whichever character you
think would be the most advantageous or interesting
for a particular era.

In this way you create a family tree, with the differ-
ent branches making their impacts on different plotlines
oreven different eras of history. The bigadvantage of this
style of story is the different types of characters you can
play while still retaining a core character, in this case the
sire. You have the ability to play a couple of different
types of characters while primarily focusing on the ad-
vancement of a single core character.

The key roleplaying obstacle, as in so many other
legacy stories, is rationalizing why the players' charac-
ters all end up in cahoots. A common theme may prove
useful, but this more than any other chronicle is going
to require some creative explanations. Perhaps all the
sires are part of a council or conspiracy, or perhaps they
have all sworn a pact to each other. Still, it's your
chronicle so maybe other explanations will surface
after a few stories ... or not at all.

Famiry Ties

The various vampire clans all place a different
amount of importance on the process of creating a
childe. Thus, different views exist on the relative use-
fulness of the sire-chide relationship and appropriately
different situations occur in a Legacy of Damnation
chronicle. Some clans take the creation ofa childe very
seriously, while others see it as nothing more than a
staple of the way of unlife of the Kindred. As such, your
selection of the clan of your original character will have
a great impact on the process and type of childer you
play throughout the chronicle. What follows is a quick
overview of each clan's views on the Embrace with
specific attention to chronicle play and how they go
about raising their childer.

Sectuon Two: Tre Troure

LC)


BRUJAH

The nature of the Brujah helps break any preconcep-
tions about the sire-childe relationship. Many modern
Brujah are rebels and malcontents and use the Embrace
as a medium for their rebellion. Not surprisingly, these
younger Brujah do not place much stock in raising the
childe and do the absolute minimum they can — just
enough to keep the elders off their backs. The older
Brujah, on the other hand, are anentirely different story.
Many of the eldest Brujah place great importance on the
role of the lineage and spend copious amounts of time
raising their childer, teaching them about the history of
the clan, the accomplishments of the sire and what
things are expected of the childe.

The Brujah present an interesting clan to play
during a Legacy of Damnation game. The noticeable
divide between the ages creates characters that are at
times quite caring and attentive while at other times
brutal and callous. This divide in the sire-childe phi-
losophy is rife with roleplaying opportunities, with a
good deal of intraclan conflict built right in. One era's
iconoclastic Brujah might seem oppressive and hide-
bound to the next.

GANGREL

The Gangrel typically place the least amount of
time and effort of any clanjinto raising their childer.
The Gangrel scout a potential childe for a considerable
amount of time before theactual Embrace, making sure
the mortal would handle himself adequately as one of
the Outlanders. To most Gangrel, little need exists to
spend lots of time indoctrinating their childer, as they
have already selected someone who will function well
on her own, with or without the sire's constant aid. For
the most part, the Gangrel inform their childer as to
their néw state; give a few hints abour how to survive
and maybé run with the childer for some time teaching
them the basics. The Gangrel are loners, however, and
the Sire-childe relationship is often informal at best
Exceptions exist, of course, and \considering the
Gangrel's current political insecuritiesymany are tak-
ing more time to train their childer for the inevitable
conflicts ahead.

A Gangrel in a Legacy of Damnation chronicle
would be most appropriate for a series of stories in
which the characters are the most important factor to
the story, as opposed to some overriding enemy or

obstacle. The inconsistent sire-childe approach of most

Gangrel ensures that each generation is quite distinct

Vawite PLavers Guoe

10

fr

ge

M
ak

ck
to
ar
ga
so
wl
al

na
ca
ch

ve
re.
ph
TI
to
in
sp
na
wi
TI
sir
th
th
to

De
sid
en
tic
Nc

as

from the last and may not engender continuing the
goals and legacies of the sire.

tr
le MALKAVIAN

ie Who can say, really? When have the actions of the
fe Malkavians ever been consistent enough to make reli-

ble generalizations?

Many Malkavian sires will spend time with their
childer only if it suits them. Insanity is a difficult thing
todeal with, doubly sowhen you are expected to train
and teach a fledgling Kindred. The Malkavians run the
‘gamut of approaches to the sire-childe relationship,
‘some spending years cloistered away with their childer
id ‘while others do nothing more than a swift Embrace and
it afew encouraging words.

The Malkavians are quite versatile in a Legacy of Dam-

re
ke ation chronicle. Considering the vagaries of the psyche, they
‘le €an fit into just about any Legacy story, creating appropriate

thilder as the plot (or their ids) demands.

le Nosferatu

| Clan Nosferatu's insular nature makes its members
Very cognizant of the sire-childe relationship. This
telationship is especially important b
physically damaging nature of the Nosferatu Embrace.
The sire must choose a childe carefully and be prepared
‘to spend a considerable amount of time bringing her
into the Nosferatu community. Few other Kindred
spend as much time as the Nosferatu do in the indoctri-
‘nation process, for a Nosferatu who is unable to cope
‘with his new unlife is a danger to Kindred everywhere.
‘The Nosferatu also place strong importance on the
‘ire's responsibilities to the childe, much more so than
‘the Ventrue or the Toreador. The Nosferatu truly see
‘the Embrace as a curse, and it is the sire's responsibility
foameliorate the pain of that curse as much as possible.
The Nosferatuare wonderful options for a Legacy of
Damnation chronicle. Their willingness to spend con-
‘siderable time and resources on their childer all but
"ensures the goals of the sire are carried on from genera-
tion to generation. Over time and generation the
Nosferatu arguably change the least, potentially leaving
‘Astrong imprint of the sire across the entire family tree.

use of the

ToREADOR

The Toreador place great stock on the accomplish-
ts and refinement of previous generations, and
accord an appropriate amount of emphasis on the sire-
Thilde relationship. The victories and coups of the
"thilde reflect directly on the sire, and no self-respecting
foreador would Embrace someone who would bring
him shame. To make sure their childer act appropri-
1 fely in Kindred and kine society, many Toreador sires

|
:

spend a considerable amount of time on indoctrinating
their progeny.

Exceptions do occur, though. Many Toreador are
known to Embrace childer on a whim, allowing the
heat of the moment or a passing passion to sway them
into creating a new vampire. In these situations the
childe is often considered a horrible mistake and the
sire will do all she can to separate herself from the
childe, including all but ignoring the indoctrination
process — possibly resulting in Gaitiff.

Toreador are best served in Legacy of Damnation
stories in which a sire will take time and effort to help his
childe withthe transition into Kindred society. A Torea-
dor ina legacy chronicle will, however, offer a number of
opportunities to break from that standard, leaving you
the ability to play the black sheep of the line.

TREMERE

Along with the Nosferatu, the Tremere place sig-
nificant stock in the sire-childe relationship. Also like
the Nosferatu, the Tremere are quite insular, with a
social make-up very unique.to,the clan. Because the
clan social dynamics are so different from the rest of
Kindred or kine society, a Tremere sire must be pre-
pared to placea goodly amount of time and effort into
the upbringing of his childe. For the Tremere a childe
issomeone to carry onthesire's goals, his thaumaturgical
accomplishments, and an attempt to form an academic
relationship with someone who subscribes to the same
philosophies as the sire. Thus, the Tremere see a defi-
nite give-and-take in the sire-childe relationship, with
the childe providing a vector for the continuation of
the studies of the sire and the sire providingsecurity and
esoteric knowledge available nowhere else.

The Tremere rarely Embrace ona whim and often
select theirprogeny from mortals already associated
with the clan of itspursuitsy Thus, if you decide to play
a Tremere in a Legacy of Damnation chronicle, you
may wish to have the goals and desires of the sire
directly carry down throughout the following genera-
tions. Deviation and variation are not the hallmarks of
the Tremere, and this is doubly so ina legacy chronicle,
so think through potential reasons for deviation and
make sure they take the lineage where you want it to go.

VENTRUE

The Ventrue are similar to the Toreador in the sire-
childe relationship. They usually select their childer
very carefully and spend no small amount of time
conveying the import of the line to their childer. This
period of instruction is known as the agoge among the
more tradition-minded members of the clan. For the
Venttue, the childe carries the weight of the good name

SecTuon Two: Tu Troure

of all her ancestors and should conduct herself in such
a way as to bring no shame to her sire ophislegacy. In
this type of sire-childe relationship itis the'childe who
holds the most responsibility, often with the sire em-
phasizing that the childe's actions do not Teflect just
upon herself but on her clan and the line as a whole.
Woe betides the foolish childe who horribly embar-
rasses the line, especially considering that the
great-great-grandsire may, still be watching.

In a Legacy of Damnation chronicle, the Ventrue
aresome of the mostStringent about the responsibilities
of the childe. Through their rigorous indoctrination
process the childe is made to realize his station in unlife
and exactly, what is expected of him. A Ventrue legacy
characteris often free to make or fail his own fortunes,
however, leaving more room for breadth than, say, a
particularly overweening Nosferatu or Tremere.

LASOMBRA

The Lasombra are much like the Ventrue and
Toreador, placing some emphasis on the sire-childe
relationship but not as much as the most insular clans.
Those Lasombra who place a good deal of importance
on their roles as leaders of the Sabbat are the ones most
likely to spend copious amounts of time indoctrinating
their childer into the ways of the undead. More often
than not, though, a Lasombra sire will spend much of
the time during indoctrination preparing his childe for
nayigating the politics of the Sabbat rather than em-
phasizing the legacy line. For the Lasombra, the sect
occasionally takes precedence over the sire-childe rela-
tionship, though the impact of the line is still quite
important.

A Lasombra legacy character would do wonder-
fully in a chronicle that follows the growth of the
Sabbat throughout the ages. Less strict than many of
the politically minded clans, a Lasombra character
would excel in stories that focus on the accomplish-
ments of a particular character rather than of the line
as a whole.

TzImIsce

The Tzimisce are the Sabbat's equivalent of the
Tremere, though in the sire-childe relationship the
Tzimisce are often much more open and abusive than
the Warlocks. This openness should not be mistaken
for kindness or sympathy. Many Tzimisce sires are
interested in seeing just how many mistakes their
childer will commit before they learn the "correct"
ways of doing things. For the Tzimisce, the best way to
learn a lesson is through the pain of a mistake. Addi-
tionally, a childe is supposed to show the appropriate
supplication to her sire during the indoctrination pro-

and to carry her sire's name with her in her
accomplishments. The failure of the childe reflects
poorly on the sire, and the indoctrination process
provides a wonderful opportunity to weed out the weak
impulses of the childe.

Tzimisce characters are best served in Legacy of
Damnation chronicles in which the childe can strike
out on his own but with a strong continuing relation-
ship with his sire. A Tzimisce sire character is never
quite retired, revisiting the childe's unlife whenever
she feels her interests might be better served.

Tue INDEpEeNDENTS

Of the independent clans, the Giovanni and
Assamites spend the most time rearing their childer
and making sure they are inducted into the social
atmosphere of the clan. These two clans are also the
ones to place the most emphasis on the accomplish-
ments of the line, trying to impress the importance of
the lineage on the childe. For the Giovanni, this is
familial guilt and homage, while it is dedication to a
religious purpose for the Assamites.

The Followers of Set usually spend some time on'
the sire-childe relationship but do not place too much
emphasis on imparting the importance of lineage to the
childe. The Setites believe their childer will thrive or
die of their own accord, and too much investment one
way or the other may prove futile. As long as the Setite
childe is suitably capable, little need exists for any more
training.

The Ravnos hav sed to exist as a coherent
entity and Embrace much as the Gangrel do. The
surviving Ravnos are often nomadic and are prepared
to look after themselves, even to the point of avoiding
others of their own clan. To that end the Ravnos do
little more in the sire-childe relationship than train the
new Kindred in the basics of their new unlives and let
the childer make their own ways into the night.

ce

THe MecHANIcs
OF YOURLEGACY

By now, you have a general idea of what a Legacy
of Damnation chronicle entails, as well as a more
specific idea of how you would like to go about creating
acharacter that fits such a scheme. With a general plan
of attack already outlined and a character concept well
in hand, it is probably time to work on putting your
ideas for the character onto a character sheet.

Vampire is a game that takes an abstract character
concept and quantifies those concepts into hard and
fast numbers (or dots, or levels, or whatever). While
some agreed-upon standards exist for exactly how much.

Vawee Pavers Gude

102


@ particular dot on a character sheet is worth, the
process of the Embrace is not so clearly defined. Specifi-
lly, the effects of the attributes a sire imposes on the
Embrace are something largely left un
Unqualified. To that end, this section gives you a few

<plored and

hints and suggestions on how to create some mechani-
eal continuity between your sire and childe.
Because of the complexities that surround a Legs
ofDamnation chronicle, youand your Storytellershould
take some time and work out just how you plan on
Guantifying your character. We suggest a number of
aailable options beyond simply using the standard
character creation rules found in the core rulebook.

icy

One of the first decisions you need to make about
Mechanics is if you would like to approach it from a
"top-down" or a "bottom-up" viewpoint. In the case of
@ top-down" approach you place an emphasis on the
Sire's Traits and personality as major influences on the
thilde'screation. In effect, some of the more prominent
strengths and weaknesses of the sire are passed onto the
thilde, for good or ill. In a "bottom-up" approach you
place the emphasis on mechanics of who the childe was
fefore his Embrace. In this case, who and what the

character did while mortal play the most significant
roles in deciding her attributes.

Neither approach is superior to the other, and no

tule says that once you pick one style that you must keep
using that style for each and every childe you create.
Similarly, different players in the same troupe may
decide with the Storyteller that one approach is more
appropriate for a particular character while you take an
entirely different route. This is perfectly fine, and even

to be encouraged, so that a wide variety of characters

enter the story.

Top-Down

If you believe that the influence of your sire is the
most important factor on your chosen legacy, then the
top-down approach is probably the most appropriate.
Take for example the fact that the social and psycho-
logical impact on a childe by her sire is often quite
profound. In some instances, sires are apt to take their
new progeny into seclusion for some time to help mold
their childer into acceptable imag
considerable stoc!

. These sires place
in their ability to mentally and
socially influence their childer into something more
than they were as mortals. In these cases, the will of the

Sectuon Two: Tue Troure

103


sire is more than the years of experience and memories
of the childe. The result is a childe who comes into the
World of Darkness very similar to her Sire.

As such, a couple of ways reflect the strong influ-
ence of a sire on a character sheet. In each case the
considerations for the childe as a mortal take a back Seat
to other concerns and affect the outcome only in the
latter stages of character creation. Who the childe was
is not as important as what he has become.

One of the most severe alternatives to regular
character creation is to take the sire's statistics and
halve them. The childe then starts with those halved
stats as her base levels (rounding down), forgoing the
standard character creation process. Note that this
makes for characters who will probably start signifi-
cantly dependent upon their sires for aid and protection.
For example, a Kindred with four dots in Dexterity
would grant her childe two automatic dots in Dexterity.
The sire's Traits govern the childe's Attributes, Abili-
ties, Backgrounds, etc. Whatever the sire has, the
childe gains half. From this baseline you can modify a
few dots.up and down to reflect the individuality of the
childe. Here the process comes to resemble standard
character creation but with significantly reduced num-
bers.

For the childe's Attributes, add three dots to his
primary category, two dots to his secondary and onedot
to his tertiary. The childe gains five dots to his primary
Abilities, three to his secondary and one to his tertiary.
The character gains two dots, in Backgrounds .and
nothing to add to his Disciplines (representing instruc-
tion on behalf of the sire). Two dots are added. to
whichever Virtues you feel appropriate. Humanity is
determined as normal, as the surn' of the character's
Conscience + Self-Control, with possible allowances
made for the personality of the charactér (which should
be discussed with the Storyteller). Willpower should
not be modified from the original halying of the sire's
Willpower and is not determinedsnormally by the
Courage Virtue. The childe does not have any, freebie
points to play with (since he gained a good deal of
"freebie"-like instruction from his sire). Merits and
Flaws may be purchased as normal, if the Storyteller
permits them.

Note that these numbers are rough and generally
allow you to help customize the childe into something
distinct from his sire, transitioning some of his life as a
mortal into his new Kindred existence, If you and your
Storyteller think that the numbers are inappropriate in
a specific'case, feel free to modify as you see fit, making
sure the character fits your original concept as well as
integrates into the story as smoothly as possible.

‘Vat PLavers Gune

is to use aes atistics of the sire as a rough Coa b
which to define the childe instead of using freel
points. First off, the character gains absolutely
freebie points. Instead, she gains extra advantages from
her sire (the more potent the sire, the larger
advantage). So, if you want to select a specific benefit
you must offset the cost with an appropriate Flaw of
combination of Flaws. Another restriction is that @
character created in this fashion may select only tho
Disciplines already developed by the sire. The chi
gains a free dot in each Discipline the sire knows.
Additionally, any Abilities or Backgrounds of the sires
that exceed three dots grant a bonus dot in that abilit
to the childe: Attributes remain unaffected by the sire
(unless, of course, the Kindred is Nosferatu). '
The top-down type of. creation process is most
appropriate for insular clans and domineering sires. In
both cases time is not an issue andthe sire‘is able to
remove the childe from Kindred and kine society and
grant the childe his accumulated wisdom and poten:
tial. A top-down, approach is also useful in chronicles
where it is important for the legacy to céntinue the
work of its sire. Ongoing plot elements that remain
unresolved are a good. impetus for a site to inyest th
time and effort indoctrinating his childe. Think of the
top-down approach being appropriate when the storyis
greater than the character and the loss of any single|
character to tetirement or Final Death, while difficult,
is hardly devastating.

Outside of the above instances it may seem.a bit
nonintuitive to grant halved Attributes, Backgrounds:
or Abilities. In those cases, discuss the situation with!
your Storyteller and come up with an‘amicable solu
tion. Remember, these rules offeran intere'
alternative to the standard character creation pro
and should be considered optional. If you think your
character should have an extra'dot in Contacts or
maybe an extra two dots in Scierice, then make the case
to your Storyteller and let.her decide — or use the
traditional method of character creation.

Bottom-Up

Much of the same:advice about implementation |
and usefulness regatding a top-down Legacy character
creation process also applies to a bottom-up situation, |
In a bottom-up situation, though, you are often creat
ing acharacter significantly less powerful (in a vampiric
sense) than one created top-down. The bottom-up
process places the emphasis of character creation on|
who the character was while alive. As the kine are
intrinsically less powerful than the Kindred, it should

¢ asno surprise that this process yields a mechani-

y ly different type of character. Still, different does not
e "bad" or "inferior," especially since a premium is
° ed on developing a €Ompelling back story for the
n acter rather than having the sire's story simply

ied over,

it The bottom-up process is best employed in
bs onicles and with, sires\wherthe characters take
a enter stage, creating plots around themselves and
ie iving the-development of the chronicle. In these.
le acter-centered stories it often becomes difficult to
5 gate new and interesting plots for your character
e ‘continually, and eventually, they willtesolve many of
y the big issues (or simply, tire of the recurring hin-
re drances). [[It is unclear what the "they" refers to here.]]
these types of games, the bottom-up approach works
st Wonderfully, since it allows you to play an entirely new
n acter with distinct advantages and disadvantages
° ile still retaining the continuity of the story.
d The easiest way to create a bottom-up character is
- 10 work with your Storyteller and develop a mortal
Ss aracter using the rules found in Section One of this
ie book. Create the mortal as normal. The only major
n rence is to add the standard three dots of Disci-
\e lines. Unlike the top-down method, you can select
‘e | iplines that your character's sire does not have as
is ig as you can come up with a good explanation as to
le Why those particular Disciplines are appropriate to the
t icept of the childe character. Obviously, the more
fommon Disciplines (such as Presence, Dominate,
it lerity, Fortitude and Potence) are easier to explain,
Is | they enhance already existing qualities of the Kin-
h dred.
ia Another approach is to allow the Storyteller to
g ate the character. In this case you hand over the
echanics to the Storyteller to do with as she sees fit,
ar employing whichever Storyteller character she deter-
or Mines appropriate. The childe is selected from the host
ie Of Storyteller characters introduced during the story.
le

You need to develop and explain the relationship
between the sire and potential childe and discuss ex-
ctly why the sire is interested in that particular
ryteller character. Once you and the Storyteller
e on the specific character, you turn over the
tion process. The Storyteller, not restrained by the

bs: indard character creation process, decides whatnum-
' bes are appropriate for the mortal experiences of the
iB childe as well as the influences of the sire and fills in the

heet to meet those criteria. In many cases, this will
ady be done, as the Storyteller probably has some
otion of what the character is capable of, assuming the
character in question doesn't already have detailed

105

Traits. In time you get back a completed character
sheet. The result isa character once introduced asa plot
element who takes on an unlife of his own and who fits
nicely into the existing plot.

A final process to consider is to create a mortal or
yampire character as normal, with the appropriate
considerations to prelude and how you plan to intro-
duce the childe into gameplay. In an attempt to
represent the mentoring process of a sire to the childe,
you-have the option to use any unspent experience
earned by the sire immediately on the childe. Thus, a
sire with 6 unspent experience points may transfer
those points to her childe, giving you the option of
immediately spending those points on what you see as
appropriate. This is a nice way to quantify the time
and effort many sires place into raising their childer
while still placing an emphasis on the childe as a
distinct character. It also gives a reason for you to save
some of your experience points even when you know
you are going to retire the character.

Anp You Atways Have...

The old ways are sometimes the best ways. It is
certainly possible and appropriate for you and your
Storyteller to decide that standard vampire character
creation rules are suitable. While such a process does
not entail any specific connection between your sire
and childe, it offers simplicity and speed. Assuming
your first character in the legacy chronicle was created
using the standard rules, you are already familiar with
the system and can probably work up the statistics for
a character in no time. With only a little bit of fore-
thought and a bit of restraint on your part in picking
Disciplines and Backgrounds, you can quickly have a
new character who is both balanced (in terms of
gameplay) and ready to insert into your story.

THe DPPHENOMENON
OF PAcKS
AND COTERIES

Whether driven by a desperate attempt at survival
ora passionate dedication toa religious cause, vampires
of the Camarilla and Sabbat sometimes go against their
solitary natures to join with other members of their
kind. While the majority of Camarilla vampires find
the ideas of these coteries unnatural and crass, the
Sabbat values the pack structure as a way of ensuring
loyalty to the sect through the bonding of its members
to one another.

Secon Two: Tre Troure

If you're going to dive into the role of your charac-
ter, really feel and understand what she is going to have
to struggle against on a nightly basis in order to work
within a pack or coterie, you have to first realize just
how differently the vampire views social interaction
than mortals do. It isa little ironic that we have to learn
to relate to these creatures' loner mentality while we
willingly gather together in social groups to play out the
stories of their exploits. Is it even possible for us as well
adjusted mortals with our Humanity intact (knock on
wood) toappreciate the ever-present tension and strain
that would be felt between a band of these predators?
Well, we hope you'll be able to develop an understand-
ing of the vampire loner mentality and mindset without
actually experiencing it yourself to the supernatural
and predatory degree that it affects the undead. If we
make ourselves aware of the significance of these un-
natural groupings of vampires by examining the
psychology behind the vampires themselves, as well as
how respective sects perceive coteries and packs, we
can expect our characters' involvement and interac-
tion with their respective pack or coterie to be a much
more rewarding experience.

SABBAT DACKS

Before a player can understand the ideology behind

the form and function of Sabbat packs, he needs to
know some key issues about the Sabbat itself. The
Sabbat, and the fanatically holy guerrilla fighter who
belongs to it, is the product of conflict. To understand
why the Sabbat acts and exists as it does, it makes sense
to look into why the Sabbat came to be in the first place.

Unlike the Camarilla, the Sabbat wasn't formed
with the signing of treaties and the agreements of clans.
The Sabbat began as a violent movement of young
Cainites who sought to tear down a rigid structure that
they saw as oppressive. Young, like-minded vampires
who often crossed clan lines joined together in small
groups to better act against their common enemies. In
the beginning, these enemies were their clan elders and
the scores of mortals who burned them out of hiding. In
the struggle to survive these nights and overcome the
individual power of the elders and their pawns, the
weaker "anarchs" worked together to increase their
overall chances of success. This group tactic had not
been used previously and seemed somewhat vulgar in
the eyes of traditional Cainites who looked on others of
their own kind with competitive contempt. While the
elders had their individual powers of age at their dis-
posal, the young anarchs who would in time become
the founders of the Sabbat had the advantage of sheer

numbers — an advantage that often worked in their
favor in struggles against the elders.

These disorganized bands of anarchs enjoyed some
success in their revolt. In the years of the conflict the
younger Cainites managed to upset the balance of |
power for the first time in the history of their kind.
Spitting in the face of convention and tradition, these
upstarts fought for an idea side by side with others of the
race of Caine. The effects of the Anarch Revole still
guide the actions of the majority of Kindred society
even in the modern nights. |

Itwas in part in reaction to these rebel anarchs that
the Camarilla itself came into being. The Convention
of Thorns put an end to the open warfare among the
race of vampires and placed all "Kindred" under an
umbrella organization. To some of the war-weary rebels,
the idea of the Camarilla and demands of the Conven-
tion of Thorns were agreeable. They'd be forgiven of
their crimes and accepted back among their fellows,
with the protection of their elders, as though little had
happened. The war would be all but forgotten. The
Anarch Revolt would end in settlement. Under the
pretense of a more stable and secure existence, a good
number of the anarchs agreed to the terms and joined
with the Camarilla.

This didn't sit well with some of those anarchs who
had spent years, decades or even a century fighting
against their elders. To them, this treaty was nothing
buta return to the exact situation against which they'd
rebelled in the first place. These anarchs felt that to
agree to those terms was to agree to defeat. They
remained in defiance of that treaty and were committed
to the idea of true freedom. For them the fight wasn't
over. As a symbol of their rage, these bands of anarchs
destroyed the town of Thorns and pressed forward with
their revolution. Over the next half-century these
packs eventually agreed on a foundation of principles
and formed their own sect, the Sabbat.

Why did the Sabbat come to be? Other than the'
simple desire to claim victory or snub their noses as the
Camarilla's offerings, a number of reasons demanded
the formation of a single, unified sect.

For one, the Convention of Thorns offered amnesty
to all but the most grievous offenses of the anarchs. The
twoprinciple clans ofanarchs, the Tzimisceand Lasombra,
had destroyed the better part of their clans! elders.
They'd both done better in the Aniarch Revolt against
the prevailing class of Cainités then those of the other
participating clans and had more to lose. On top of this,
both clans had apparently devoured their Antediluvians,
bringing Final Death to the oldest and most powerful
vampires of their clans. In joining with the Camarilla,

Vamp Payers Gune

106


| these two clans saw a high possibility that many of the
‘remaining anarchs from the Lasombra and Tzimisce
would be held responsible for those acts.

S
e | The primary driving force that eventually léd to the
if | creation of the Sabbat was the mindset of those rebel-
a | lious anarchs. They didn't surrender'to the Camarilla
e because they didn't haye to. In their packs they had
e found an existence without the need fordominantelders
ll id they remained willing to fight for that freedom.
y With the growth of rituals among the packs, such as the

faulderie, they had removed the shackles of the blood
it ‘bond and forged a new identity of symbolism and prac-
n tice. They hadn't been conquered and they had yet to
e achieve the goals they had been fighting foryThe war
n "Wasn't over yet and they had'shed those weaker vampires
5 Within their ranks who had lost the will to fight and
- ‘joined the Camarilla. Those who remained were battle-
of hardened Cainites, committed ‘to,the idea of freedom
5 and willing to continue the conflict. The formation of
id ‘these autonomous packs into a sect that worked toward
te ‘their shared goals and Embraced their common rituals
1e "Was only a matter of time.
' Wav THE Dack?

Due to Cainites! predatory and solitary nature, close

@ ‘asociations with others of their kind are. often ruled by
1g | mistrust. Suspicion is the rule of thumb when coming in
1g | contact with other vampires, who are seen as little more
'd "than competition for blood and power even though the
te ‘Sabbat revéres its communal packs of Cainites

When the Sabbat acts, it almosp always. acts in
" groups: The pack is thé foundation of the Sabbat andiits
| entire function is based around these individual cells of
Holyzealots. Where single Kindred may petition and be
granted domain in Camarilla cities, packs of Cainites
claim domain in Sabbat cities and fight tohold onto it
tooth and nail. What is it that inspires the Cainites of
the Sabbat to voluntarily commit themselves to these.
eemingly unnatural groups and participate in the ritu-
als that bind them to 6ther vampires?

War Mentaritry
When a pack is not participating ina war party or
a Cisade to liberate a city they're Combating the
"ambitions of neighboring Sabbat packs. In otherwords,
‘ifyou're looking for action and don't want to sit around

Ts. leand gather dust, the Sabbat is the unlife for you!
Ast ie challenge almost never ends, and the struggles a
(er Sabbat pack and its individual members face Seem'to
is, fenew themselves. This conflict-focused war mentality

helps hold packs together'as much as the Vaulderie

107

does»It is always time to rally the troops and band
together to fight the cause of the night.

Within the Sabbat, the opportunity to meet Final
Death is almost a nightly affair. The burden of your
chance for success and continued survival each night is
often spread across the shoulders of your packmates. You
may not particularly like the other Cainites around you,
but you know that in this Jyhad they stand to lose or gain
as much as you do. This "we're all in it together for the
common good" or "us against them" mindsevhelps form
strong bonds on top of those artificially putin place by
the Vaulderie. Fellow packmates quickly come to appre-
ciate that their pack is their means of the best chance of
surviving the turmoil of the modern nights.

INDOCTRINATION AND EXECUTION

The purpose of most packs is a ‘martial function.
The Sabbatisa religioussect completely devoted to war
at all times, and the packs that make up the sect exist
to fight the Jyhad in one form oranother. Whether a
pack is designed as‘one dedicated to scouting enemy
territory, recruiting conyerts to the Sabbat or simply
kicking ass and cracking open heads, thethembers of
that pack work with that specific purpose in mind.

Due to their communal existence it is far easier for
Sabbat. packs to:share various skills and techniques
among themselves. Those with experience lead the rest
of the pack byexample. Packmates skilled with useful
Disciplinesshare this knowledge and mentor the others
to strengthen their overall chances of suc Informa-
tion is exchanged much more easily within a pack
structure than within the isolationist organization of
the Camarilla. The constant contact with one another
provides ample opportunity to go over plans with a
fine-toothed comb and work out any rough spots before
the pack takes to the bartlefield. Overtime; many packs
developan unspoken understanding of what each mem-
ber is supposed to do and when they're supposed to do
it. They move like clockwork,refining the pack into a
deadly efficient fighting machine.

Along with easier sharing of actual skills and infor-
mation, the pack serves to spread Sabbat ideology as
well. The priest, ductus and mote devout members of
the rest of the'pack, proselytize the beliefs and mythol-
ogy of the Sabbat: The preparation for and participation
in conflict never happens without the reasons behind
it being made clear to all. Within the Sabbat, violence
and indoctrination of belief go hand in hand.

Not everyone within the pack catches on as quickly
as everyone else, and some lose their edge over time.
Weakness in belief, ability orboth issomething the Sabbat
actively polices itself against all of the time. Failure is not
tolerated within the ranks of the Sabbat. The first slip-up

Secnion Two: Tre Troure


or sign of weakness can possibly be the last the Cainite
makes before others in the pack turn on her. Monom:

is most often practiced within a single pack, and you can
be sure that those who fail find themselves challenged by
others who think they can do better.

Every pack isa cell of Cainite guerrillas dedicated to
the idea of freedom and armed with zeal or fanaticism.
Just how closely packmates work togetherat times would
terrify the minds of traditional Camarilla Kindred.

STRENGTH IN NUMBERS

In Kindred society, age equals power. The elders who
have seen centuries come and go and sleep longer then
most Sabbat have been undead carry the strength that age
brings with it. They have little more to do then plan, plot
and satisfy their own agendas as they become older and
stronger. Such age and power are the very foundation of
true influence and control within the Camarilla.

Most Sabbat have better things to do with their
time then sit around and get old. A Cainite will gladly
relieve any elder of all that potent vitae and put it to
good use given the chance.

Given the violent nature of the Sabbat and the
frequency with which its members meet Final Death,
most never reach an advanced age as is more common

within the Camarilla. This explains why the pursuit of

diablerie is a guiding motivation behind many assaults
by the Sword of Caine. Why hide away in the shadows
getting older and stronger when some crafty elder has
already done that for you? All that potency is worthless
when it's hoarded by undeserving cowards. You'll use it
for something meaningful.

Most elders have grown accustomed to cheating
death and aren't really looking to donate their centuries
of unlife to a mob of slavering Sabbat diablerists. With
that age and command of advanced supernatural abili-
ties of the undead the elders can put up one hell ofa fight.
A single neonate doesn't have much of a prayer of taking
on one of these creatures and winning, no matter how
just she believes her purpose to be. The pack evens the
playing field against the age and power of the elders with
sheer numbers. Sure, the elder will probably take out two
or three Licks before she falls, but they can be replaced.
You can't say the same for the elder.

The Sabbat's true strength lies in those numbers.
Where Camarilla domains are held by single Kindred
and perhaps their progeny, Sabbat domains are popu-
lated by packs of several vampires. Sabbat have no real
need to entrust the protection of their havens and
hunting grounds to fallible mortals or pathetic ghouls.
The pack protects what's theirs themselves.

This practice of favoring numbers over individual
strength or mortal manipulation expresses itself most obvi-

ously in the Sabbat tactic of mass Embrace. The Sword of
Caine knows that a single vampire, even those just Em-
braced, is worth a handful of juicebags or even ghouls ina
fight. The advantage given to the Camarilla in age can be
countered with waves of disposable and easily replaced
undead bodies. Additionally, such mass Embrace fodder
obviously hasn't been instructed in the subtleties of unlife,
and, oh, how the Camarilla scrambles to shut down these
walking Masquerade breachesonce it catches word of them.

Noteverynight fora Sabbat and her pack is filled with'
burning Camarilla elders out of their mansions, however.
She may be loading her shotgun and cursing the name of
some bigshot in the Ivory Tower, but she's just as likely to
use that weapon blowing a rival Sabbat in half. The
exploitation and assaults on typical Cainites within the
Sabbat come most often at the hands of other Sabbat
members themselves. Unity exists at the pack level and is
heldin place through ritual. The idea ofan all-encompass-
ingbrotherhood throughout the entire Sabbat isa fairytale,
Those who aren't with you are against you, be they a
Camarilla elder or a rival Sabbat pack.

In this environment one comes to rely on his pack
for some semblance of protection against other packs.
A lone vampire without a pack behind him can expect
little sympathy from most other Sabbat he'll encoun-
ter. Just as the bulk of Kindred society considers close
associations among the undead as obscene, the Sabbat
looks with suspicion on those in their ranks without
some contacts and allies within their sect.

Don't get the idea that each pack is a get-along
gang or happy family of vees. It is far from it. Most of the
infighting, bravado and violence that makes up the
Sabbat plays itself out within each pack. Many vam- f
pires can go years without seeing other vampires even
within their own sect, and this is only slightly different
among the Sabbat. Outside of specific sectwide rituals,
individual packs are about the only other vampires }
Sabbat may ever meet with any regularity. This makes
them about the only connection to larger Sabbat soci-
ety and how it works. A Cainite receives her crash
course on how rough this new society is for her on the
very first night of her new existence, and things don't
slow down from then on.

Every Sabbat goes through the same trials as the }
next. The priest who leads you through your Creation
Rites or the frenzied maniac who just shattered your jaw
experienced the same humanity-shredding torment
and abuse you're suffering. They had stronger vampires
performing acts that are just as violent and horrific to J
them during their rebirth into unlife. Think of the pack }
as the abused children who grow up to continue the
cycle of violence. To them, that abuse has a valid,

\Vawere Pavers Guide

108

20

pe a om ao

ooimsiees Ee ee sO os

nm


ritualized purpose and ever

fare share of hard knocks.

yone is expected to take his

The pack structure encourages and promotes this
cycle of abuse and ritualized torment. It breeds the type
Ofsoldier necessary to fight the war the Sabbat exists to
wage. To the pack the violent exploitation of its mem-
bers is a vital and necessary means to ensure that the
Sabbat remains as strong and dedicated as possible.

Rituat AND Be ier

The Sabbat spins on an axis of violence and ritual
The Beast that exists in every childe of Caine has
dictated that the entire vampire race is one built
around bloodlust and rage. What sets the Sabbat apart
from the Camarilla in their attitude toward the Beast is
how they rationalize their need for violence with ritual.

Every attack made against an enemy becomes a
teligious undertaking. Disagreements between Sabbat
often become elaborate spectacles to play out with all
the pomp of a theater show. Excessive shows of domi-
hance over the mortal world are made into games to
improve the Sabbat's combative skills. Even the hunt-
ingof traitors doesn't commence until the proper ritual
has been observed by those to take part.

Vampires by nature are violent and destructive, but it
isthe ritualized practices of that violence that make the
Sabbatacompletely differentmachine than the Camarilla

The pack promotes this cornerstone of Sabbat society

with constant exposure to the sect's auctoritas and ignoblis
ritae. Within each pack the Sabbat has access to a priest
whose primary concern is her spiritual well-being (from
Sabbat perspective, of course) and the assurance that the
proper respect is paid to those rituals. Packs also partici-
pate in weekly esbats that serve as briefing sessions as well
as a time that all packmates can share in unifying rituals,
such as the Vaulderie.

The importance of ritual is so paramount through-
out the entire sect that individual packs create unique
practices even among themselves. These "low rituals"
can be used to symbolize the importance of meeting
other Sabbat packs or even add additional meaning to
choosing a new communal haven.

The 13 auctoritas ritae that all Sabbat must practice
truly establish a fraternal loyalty among the Sabbat. Each
and every individual Sabbat and pack participates in
these most holy of rituals. Many, suchas the Binding and
Games of Instinct for example, would be difficult to
observe without belonging toa pack. As it is these rituals
that make one Sabbat, existing outside of a pack makes
it nearly impossible for one to remain truly Sabbat.

THe YounG Have ALways REBELLED
Overall, the average age of the typical Sabbat
Cainite is far younger then that of his Camarilla coun-

Sectuon Two: THe Troure

109


terpart. Mostly due to the sect's more cavalier approach
to Embrace and the high destruction rate among its
members, the ranks of the Sabbat are filled with vam-
pires who have seen fewer nights than those within the
Camarilla. A great deal is expected of Sabbat recruits,
and many burn out quickly or are lost during acts of war.
Luckily, plenty more bodies out there can fill the empty
spots, and when all that matters is how many bodies you
have in your shock-troop army, the Sabbat can afford
not to be choosy about whom it recruits for the job.

Age plays an important role in maintaining the
pack as well. The coterie, or the Camarilla answer to
the pack, is a relatively new trend having only begun to
become popular over the last century or so. The major
similarity between the Camarilla coterie and the Sabbat
pack is the age of the vampires drawn to them. Just as
the elders saw happen at the time of the Anarch Revolt,
it is the young among the Kindred who tend to form
these working groups of vampires. Though the Camarilla
lacks the Vaulderie and war mentality that keeps the
Sabbat packs together, it is telling to see the young in
the Ivory Tower acting in a manner their enemies have
been doing for centuries.

The Camarilla is an organization based on and run
by long-standing traditions. Most civilized Camarilla
Kindred do not act ina manner similar to mortal gangs,
and as the young age they become more solitary and
suspicious of those who do. They look to their sires and
elders for guidance in their new existence. Eventually
the need for belonging to a coterie fades.

The same can't be said for the Sabbat, whose elders
honor the packs (though they themselves may not
actively belong to any). Sabbat tradition gives little
reason for the young to give up on belonging to packs.
It is quite the opposite, in fact.

The Camarilla coterie is, in the scope of vampire
thinking, a fad. More than likely the sire of a coterie's
member is unsupportive of this vulgar collection of
vampires. Perhaps the childe learned of the coterie and
joined after finding some appeal or benefit too compel-
ling to pass up. If the goal is relatively short-term in
nature, then the young vampire might decide that it isno
longer worth it to remain in the coterie surrounded by
competing Camarilla neonates, though some certainly
find longer-term benefits in sticking together despite
negative attitudes from their sires and elders up on high.

EMBRACE INTO A DACK

You begin your first nights growing accustomed to
pack existence. The Camarilla holds sires responsible
for creating worthwhile progeny and makes them ac-
countable for the actions of the childer they create. No

‘Vawome Pavers Guipe

110

such rule exists within the Sabbat. A sire doesn't have
to do anything she doesn't feel like doing with the
fledglings she creates. Where Camarilla sires are re-
quired to teach their young the customs of that sect and
what the new Kindred needs to survive, Sabbat vam-
pires aren't forced to do anything of the sort if they
don't feel the need to. Most Sabbat sires do choose their
progeny carefully and many offer them guidance for
survival, but you can be assured it is nowhere near as
patient as a Camarilla education.

An area where Sabbat vampires may have a slight
advantage is a fringe benefit that stems directly from
the pack structure itself. With more vampires around,
the pack has more then a single potential tutor to leam
from in its early nights. Educating a new vampire to
become a worthwhile Sabbat is the unspoken responsi-
bility of the entire pack. By going about business as
usual, the new recruit learns the internal power struc-
ture of the pack, learns what he's become, manages to
feed himself, and begins his education in Sabbat ideol-
ogy. The pack becomes everything to the new recruit
— the very center of his world and the most influential
aspect of his unlife.

This communal existence from the fledgling's first
night strengthens the "us against them" mentality of
the Sabbat. Just as soon as the recruit learns that
vampires exist, one is probably chaining her to the
bumper of his car in anticipation of a little highway
joyride. If she manages to survive her initial nights of
abuse she'll come to know that it all has a purpose and
that far worse things are out there than punishments
doled out to you by those in your pack. In a sense, she
becomes reliant on the entire pack for education and
survival instead of a single sire. Depending on what
type of pack she's been drafted into or the situation,
she'll probably find out about those others things soon
enough. Sure, she'll more then likely hate these Cainites
who sleep off the day next to her, but they're far better
then the unknown ones who just exsanguinated some-
one she loved and shot up her haven.

If they survive long enough to become part of
another pack, pack fledglings rarely think to question
it. Belonging toa pack is just what you do in the Sabbat,
and it becomes an extension of who you are or what
you've become.

ENLIGHTENMENT, ANYONE?

Those individuals recruited thto the Sabbat come
from the same mortal stock as those brought into the
Camarilla. Both sects feed and Embrace from the same
massed populations of mortals. So how can it be that
your typical Camarilla Kindred actually works to pre

lat

ne

me
lat

serve his Humanity while those of the Sabbat revel in
| the monsters they've become?

For the Sabbat, it's all in the rituals and peer
| pressure of the pack.

From their first nights on, those in the Sabbat are
forced to shed their ties to humanity. They're now
undying, stronger, faster, aware of a broader world and
tve an almost divine purpose. What they were when
ive, in their opinion, was prey. They're the predators
now, so where's the sense in continuing to moo and
leat with the rest of the herd?

The Embrace, Creation Rites, Games of Instinct,
‘the Vaulderie and other rituals do their part to kill what
"remains of a fledgling's humanity and bind her to the
Sabbat. Mortals and their way of existing are weakness.
The Sabbat requires soldiers and soldiers tequire
strength. Remember, though, asstated previously, when
aking of Sabbat vampires you're generally speaking
those rather young. It is very likely that those undead
jacs having a demolition derby with a hospital's
ambulances to deny a resource to some elder were
Working regular nine-to-five jobs not too many nights
Feforehand. The process of losing your humanity is just
that: a process that takes time. How do these newer
Tectuits stop the enormous guilt caused by their actions
tearing themselves apart?

Many don't ... and that just adds to the relatively
‘short unlife expectancy of the Sabbat. Burning out fast
‘and brightly in a violent display is typical of those first
ts. The success of the mass Embrace tactic relies
heavily on that fact.

Those who possess more of a desire to survive are
ot entirely on their own. That overwhelming guilt is
Something that just about every Sabbat they'll encoun-
ter terhas gone through, and may still be going through.
e in their pack have suffered that inner turmoil
‘and doubts about what they're doing. Remember that
Most Sabbat were not serial killers or mass murderers
When they were alive. That's what many become, not
‘how they begin.

Just as the practices of the Sword of Caine are
ied to strip away that humanity, they also serve to
fill the void left behind. You may have just suffered
athinkable agony through your Creation Rite, but now
you're truly a Sabbat, with all the benefits that come with
t You question the logic behind using excessive torture
pull information out of a seemingly young woman
nabbed from the Camarilla, but the Sermons of Caine
in the absolute evil she truly serves.

Humanity sheds like a snake's skin, but youare given
plenty to rationalize the need for it to happen. Sabbat

il

vampires give themselves over to the beliefs of the sect.
They grow stronger with a unified purpose. Everything
you and the Sabbat around you do has a reason, and all
the rituals you partake in justify that. You eventually see
how humanity is weakness. With this eventual realiza-
tion a stabilizing force is created to offset the guilt. Sure,
you just gutted some old lady in record time while your
packmates urged you on — but with that death and
demonstration of your freedom the Sabbat is one step
closer to winning. Or so the Sabbat tells itself.

The packisalso there to guide its members along this
tail of indoctrination and growing fanaticism. Respon-
sibility for this purpose falls primarily upon the pack's
priest. Ensuring that the pack and its individual members
adhere to the rituals, the priest becomes the instrument
by which humanity is removed and replaced.

While the pack's members fight the sect's battles
and struggle with their own inner turmoil, the priest
serves to cast it all in the proper light. For the Sabbat's
every act, the priests know the rituals to give itallaholy
meaning. With this ordained judgment clearing them
of wrongdoing, as well as urging them on, the presence
of a priest steels the Sabbat against the guilt of their
nightly atrocities.

Being young and new to undeath, the majority of
Sabbat vampires still hold toadwindling Humanity. The

pack oversees and encourages this degradation of mortal
ety but to the priest this undertaking defines their
purpose. Among the priests, waning Humanity is often
replaced by a devotion to one of the Sabbat's Paths of
Enlightenment. This practice is still rather uncommon
throughout the rank and file Sabbat but it does happen,
particularly with those who survive their brutal early
nights among the sect and move on to greater things.
Falling completely to the Beast is not what the Sabbat
intends to happen for its members. The priest exists to
ensure that loyalty to the Sword of Caine replaces lost
Humanity and that Sabbat are not swallowed whole by
the Beast within. They may urge promising Sabbat
toward particular Path of Enlightenment or, depending
on the Path they themselves follow, may even mentor
the individual on their own. Again, faith in the Sabbat
and its purpose steps in to provide a new clarity through
the haze of lost mortal ethics. Humanity spins away
through Sabbat practice while the cycle of belief, sym-
bolism, ideology and acceptance among peers rebuilds
the vampire into something new. That something is the
guerrilla holy warrior of the Sabbat who terrifies the
whole of Cainite society.

Section Two:Tie Troure


of enemy cities, computer hacking, Masquerade break-
ing, urban combat, assassinations, cultivating mortal
connections, sowing dissent among young Kindred and
countless other martial functions

Many of these packs are tailor-made by the Sabbat
leadership in a city to fulfill specific tasks. New mem-
bers are usually hand-picked from the local Sabbat
population, often from other packs, and regrouped
together. The ductus of a diocese-created pack is most
often appointed by the leader putting the group to-
gether. A priest is chosen from among the members and
the binding ritual of the Vaulderie is shared. A new
pack has been born.

The Sabbat selected for these job-specific packs are
chosen based on reputation and past successes. Sabbat
leadership looks to put the strengths of the sect to best
use.

Leaders also look to win themselves support among
the packs. You can bet that a Sabbat selected for a
specific pack by a bishop not only has proven to be good
for the task but probably is a supporter of that bishop.
In creating these new packs the leader in question not
only adds to the fighting strength of the Sabbat, she also
builds up additional support for herself.

Many packs find themselves established by the
leadership of the sect. Proven Sabbat who have a

reputation for getting a certain job done may be pooled
together to draw on their combined skills by a bishop or
archbishop. Of course, not every pack in the sect was
formed under the direction of some elder. That would
certainly strike one asa bit hypocritical considering the
Sabbat's loathing of elder oppression, even among their
own kind. In truth, the emergence of these luminary-
subsidized, specialized packs are something ofa relatively
new trend for the sect. Most Sabbat were more resistant
to the use of authority by their elders in the past, butas
the Final Nights threaten the Sword of Caine, the sect's
leaderships must rise to the challenge.

Just as many packs come together around an inspir-
ing Sabbat who draws others to her. She might be an
extremely capable warrior or charismatic speaker who
wins support through simple cult of personality. Gener-
ally these packs are often smaller and have a shelf life
dependent on the survival of that central leader. As
soon as that individual disappears or dies, the pack
tends to disperse.

Some packs draw members to them by name and
reputation alone. Packs often survive long after the key
figures within them have been destroyed. The exploits

of those Sabbat continue on in the pack itself, adding

to that pack's history and reputation. A pack that has
survived the centuries intact or has pulled off stunning

Vawerre Players Guipe

114

vis

co

co
re|
m
th
sh

victories in the Jyhad or even is known to have mem-
hers promoted into leadership roles may find Sabbat
courting them for membership. Belonging to a well
known or feared pack is often an easier way to achieve
status among other Sabbat than through personal ac-
complishment. A pack draws on the victories and
teputations of all its members, not just one. When
meeting others, they may not know who you are, but
they're far more likely to have heard of the pack you
share blood with.

ln el

aauas

TITLES AND Duties

With astructure as reliant on strength and personal
accomplishment as the Sabbat's, it makes sense that a
good number of positions and titles exist. Many of these
| ranks reflect heavily on the spiritual nature of the sect's
crusade. Although the Sword of Caine is made up of
colorful individuals, the titles some carry can be wide
| and varied. We have no way to list and explain every
title that every member of the sect may have. Just as
‘each pack creates its own ignoblis ritae, many also form
titles that matter only to their pack specifically. With
at said, though, every pack in the entire sect always
‘has two ranks, and often three.

vue

rue

ZBrnu<a

| Ductus
| The ductus of any pack stands as the most visible
| leader of the group. In the pack itself, the ductus is
‘esponsible for coordinating everything that the pack
"undertakes. She may not always be the oldest member
"of the pack, or the physically strongest, or fastest, or
wisest, but without a doubt she is the best at something
(or several somethings).
Certainly the rank of ductus is the most dangerous
tohold in the pack and the most unstable to be had in
the entire Sabbat. More often then any other title, the
Position of ductus is the most sought after by other
Sabbat. It's also the title that changes hands on more
ghts then any other.
A typical night for a ductus is full of responsibility.
Itfalls on the ductus to maintain sway over the pack's
domain, plan the weekly esbat with the priest, defend
inst external threats to her position and holdings,
fight off internal challenges to her leadership, keep the
individual members of the pack in line and take part in
ibbat actions to show the higher-up authority figures
t pack hasn't gone soft. On top of all that, put the
rsonal plots and agendas and schemes of the individual
tus in the mix and you have yourself one very full
schedule. With all the work involved you'd wonder why
Anyone would bother to take the spot in the first place.

rm

115

The answer to that is simple enough: power and
prestige. It is no secret that the leadership positions of
the Sabbat are filled by accomplished ducti and priests.
By making herself a visible target and head of the pack,
the ductus stands to receive all the benefits the position
brings with it. Any of the credit a pack earns for pulling
off a successful mission goes mostly to the ductus who
leads it. The reputation a pack wins among the other
Sabbar is also disproportionately awarded to the ductus
at the time.

Without the experience of being a successful duc-
tus it's unlikely that a Sabbat will move up through the
higher ranks of the sect. It does happen, as with priests
and members of other positions, but far and away, it is
those who first rise to the position of ductus who then
move on to greater things.

Priest

The Sabbat could not continue without its holy
devotion. For the individual pack the responsibility of
maintaining this fanatical loyalty to purpose is the
dominion of the priest. Although considered by many
to bea secondary leadership role, the importance of the
priest is underestimated only by those who fail to
understand the strength with which the Beast tears at
the souls of individual Sabbat.

Whereas the desire to be ductus can be influ-
enced greatly by ego and a want of control, those who
seek to be priests tend to far more devout or spiritu-
ally insightful. Priests are charged with the spiritual
well-being of those within the pack. The hand that
peels away the pack member's Humanity and re-
builds him with dedication to the Sabbat is often
that of the priest. More so than the ductus, the priest
cements the loyalty of the packmates to one another
through adherence to ritual, such as the V

aulderie.

The unique ignoblis ritae are most often created
by the priest and, in a sense, it is she who forms the
traditions that add a sense of self to a pack. Priests'
nights are spent preparing rituals for the esbats,
planning for any upcoming auctoritas ritae, taking
time to personally assist a packmate who requires her
attention, ensuring those of the pack rise above the
temptations of their Beasts and counseling the duc-
tus on matters of pack importance. Priests must be
vigilant for the taint of infernalism as well, as it
suborns the entire purpose of the Sabbat.

A good portion of a priest's time is spent in
concern about others. While a ductus may consider
the pack' trength in members, the priest must
consider the pack's soul. Those who dedicate them-

SecTuon Two: Tie Troure


selves to the position of priest do so mostly out of
true conviction in the Sabbat's purpose.

ABBOT

The title of abbot isn't always handed out. Being
abbot singles the Sabbat out as the one who is stuck
with the scut work of the pack: cleaning up messes and
maintenance of the pack's communal haven. The
abbot is stuck doing it because no one else wants to.
That isn't a spot most Sabbat set out to claim.

No one usually has to point out who the weakest
link in the pack happens to be. He's normally newest
to the Embrace or just not dealing with unlife in the
Sabbat especially well. His show of weakness tends to
attract the predatory instincts of the pack to him. The
abbot is often the most exploited, beaten and dis-
missed member of any pack. Occasionally a ghoul fills
the position — that's how demeaning it is in the eyes
of the sect.

In practice, being abbot makes that Sabbat the
lowest face on the pack's totem pole. He does the
grunt work. He does it because he has to. He most
often has the distinction of being the likely target of
abuse at the hands of his packmates. A plan doesn't go
off right or tempers flare up and steam needs to be
released — the abbot tends to catch a good deal of
that.

We hope, through this examination of the
structure and philosophy behind the creation
and continued perceived value of the pack within
the Sabbat, that you can appreciate what should
be considered when forming a pack of your own
or creating a Sabbat vampire who is going to have
a place in a pack setting. All of these influences
and ideals will be, or will have been imparted to,
a Sabbat character soon after her Embrace. Take
all of this into account and think about all the
different ways it will shape and color the
character's actions, beliefs and interactions within
the Sabbat pack

A SpeciAL Note FOR STORYTELLERS

While a Sabbat pack can make a fantastic
antagonist for your Camarilla chronicle, try to flesh
its members outa little above and beyond the hack-
and-slash bloodthirsty baby-killing stereotypes that
come to mind so readily. A Sabbat pack is a cunning
and provocative antagonist to let loose upon your
players. Take advantage of the passion and religious
zeal these vampires would have for their cause and
let that shape the way you describe and portray their
actions and attitudes.

\Vawerre Pavers Gude

116

CAMARILLA COTERIES

A Camarilla vampire is no less a solitary creature
than her Sabbat counterpart. As her Humanity fades
and she grows old, the want and need to socialize and
mingle becomes remote and forgotten. Arrogantly cling-
ing to the notion that sharing strengths and resources
to survive is an act for the weak or the unrefined; the
majority of Camarilla vampires find little reason to defy
their independent natures and adopt a herd mentality.

Times change, though, and the past century has
seen a significant increase in the number of coteries
within the Camarilla. Younger fledglings and neonates
band together in coteries not only to make sure they
survive on their own, but also to give themselves a
better chance of thriving against the tyranny of their
jealous and paranoid elders. Tucked away in their dusty
mansions or ostentatious estates, powerful elders con- |
sider the desire to form and be a part of a coterie
unnatural and reserved for the lowly Sabbat. They
maintain that the Kindred are solitary predators; the
need to hunt in packs reduces the vampire to a scaven-
ger or lesser animal. The vampire, as blessed as she is
with the supernatural powers of her blood, should not
need to rely on the support of others, nor should she
want to do so.

Wuy, THen?

The reasons a vampire would join a coterie are as
varied as the types of coteries themselves. Survival,
defense, war, education, opportunity — these are buta
few of the reasons a Camarilla vampire might join up |
with others of her kind. Make no mistake that no
matter how good the reason is for banding together
with anther group of vampires, it will always be a tense
and unnatural arrangement.

WuatlIsa Coterie?

Starting with the most basic definition of a coterie,
a player should examine the different mindsets behind
the groups of Kindred who have banded together in this
artificial manner. Simply put, a coterie is a group of
vampires who work together to support a common goal,
Coteries can be both clan-specific and mixed-clan,
each with its own motivations and reasons for working
together.

A more detailed definition of a coterie develops if
you see them through specific sets of eyes. Ask an elder
vampire what a coterie is and she might openly sneer
that it's a worthless group of Weak Kindred who cling to
one another in reluctance or inability to survive of
their own. If you were to look into that same elder's
mind when she's alone, you'll find that her definition of
a coterie also contains a healthy amount of fear and

concerneover these younger, more ‘modern bands of
vampires: An elder may not know how to use a cell
| phone or Operate a fax machine (or even know what
that magic box that spits forth printed words is‘called),
but she is certainly not going to give these younger
gatherings of Vampires respect justybecause they do.
Outwardly shémay pass them off as inferior or harmless,
but don't be fooled»Behind.the scenes she'll be doing
| what it takes to.eliminiate these young threats'to her
security as quickly as she can.

Ask an ancilla todefine a ¢oterie and he'll judge it
less harshly than the elder, yethe'll be reluctant to join
one himself. Forever caught in the middle, the ancillae
are loath to agitate the élders whose ranks théyhave yet
tojoin, while being more appreciative of thé usefulness
ofthese coteries. They might employ or join forces with
acoterie to satisfy some immediate, temporary goal, but
not as full-fledged member unle's they're willing to risk
the possibility of bearing the brant of an elder's wrath
or derision. If an elder feels a particular coterie is a
threat to his safety, and the coterie is. composed of
neonates and an ancilla, it is obvious which vampire is
going to be his first target.

If you ask a member of a coterie for a definition,
she's likely to describe the specific coterie to which she
belongs. Naturally, the view from insidethe collective
‘ofvampires is much more detailed than froman outsider's
perspective. The simple definition of "we're'a group of
vampires who work together" is the obvious one. It is
the focus of the coterie and the purpose that. the
vampire will choose to défine. This purpose is:what

| makes the hassle and the tension and the frustration

| worth it all for the vampires within the cotetie. The
range of particular focuses is unlimited, spanning from
thesimple "We watch each other's backs and help each
other survive" to "we have a lock onthe black market
| import/export businesses at the piers,"t6 "we share the
same philosophical and interests and seek to under=
stand the same mysteries" and allpoints in between.

Vampires As Loners
Tounderstand why the coterie is such an unnatural
arangement for vampires, you need_to truly under-
stand the concept of the vampire as loner, which isa lot
harder than it sounds. As well adjusted and normal
members of society (those of you who don't needsthe
disclaimers at the front of these books), you'll never
tuly be able to relate to the vampire mindset —
| something you should be very grateful for. AsShuman
beings, nearly every aspect of our lives is touched by our
humanity; to play a creature in the process of losing

touehwith something that we take for granted presents
a challenge.

We're going to have a natural inclination to con-
sider a coterie as a "gang" of vampires who "hang out."
Afterall, we get together with our friends and shoot the
breeze out of a desire for friendship and companionship
and sociability. When playing Vampire, you put that
all aside. Only the most newly Embraced vampires are
going to have those urges, and most likely if they do it's
going to bea facade or a lingering memoryias they
Struggle to come to terms with what they have become.
While you and I generally desire some level of ftiend-
ship or companionship with others, the vampire loses
those needs as he ages.

A vampire's relationship with his coterie members
rarely settles into a comfortable predictability. It never
grows genuinely, nor dovthe relationships between
coterie members replace anything the vampire experi-
enced.in his mortal life. Even ifa vampireseeks to cling
toa memory of the comfort of his mortal relationships,
the predatory and solitary nature of the Kindred will
always rear its head one‘way oranother. Asaplayer you
must always be aware of this natural conflict between
working with a'group of vampires despite your natural
urges, fora solitary existence. This constant conflict
presents a ripe Opportunity for character development
and intercharactet relationships. The artificiality of
the arrangement Will always be obvious to you. Let that
color your actions; thoughts and impressions, and un-
derstand how that adds a permanent layer of tension
between you and your coterie members.

Purpose or tHe Corerie

For the neonate the answer is quite simple: The
purpose of a'coterie is to have a bit of support while she
learns thé tools and the Skills to survive on her own and
make something of herself. Think about urban gangs. A
young, no-name kid is going to be creamed if he starts
hanging out on the corner, flashing signs and getting
his gangsta lean on [[??]] withourany kind of a posse. He
doesn't have the skills, the clout or the experience to
back up. the attitude he's going to try to cop or the
lifestyle he's going to try to emulate.

These young vampires need to rely on each other's
skills, talents and know-how if they want to do more
than simply survive. What they can gain in exchange
forputtingup with one another makes it worthwhile for
the time being. Like a school of fish, Kindred find safety
in numbers, as well as the bonus of the collective
experiences that can help the vampires gain the clout
and accomplishments they'll need to survive on their
own.

Secnon Two:Tie Troure

117


If a coterie has been created with a particular
in mind, then its reason for existence might well be
spelled out for its members. Perhaps a charismatic
Toreador who doesn't want to dirty her hands has
gathered a group of vampires together to embarrass a
long-time rival as part of her own Jyhad. A band of
Ventrue might plan on cultivating influence among of
a network of area banks and finds it advantageous to
join forces to ensure a greater chance of success.

What else arises from this other than shared re-
sources? Do you admit that you like the company?
Someone to talk to? Does being in a coterie help you
retain your Humanity, or does it just smack you in the
face as you re how empty and alien the desire to be
around other people has become?

Coreries Versus PACKS

One of the major differences between the coteries
of the Camarilla and the packs of the Sabbat is that the
Sabbat values and bases its entire society around the
pack structure, whereas many elder Camarilla would do
everything in their power to disrupt the increasingly
influential and successful coteries. For the Sabbat, the
ack represents an efficient organizational tool that
allows it the greatest means of working to achieve its

Vane Players Guipe

sec

goals and defend itself against the attacks of the un
Camarilla. Does this speak of the elders' arrogance and
betray how out of touch they are with modern nights? yo
Another major difference is the lack of any ritual tic
blood bond like the Vaulderie to ease the rough edges de
that arise from banding together in this unnatural way. to
In part, this is due to the difference in the pace of the tu
two sects. On average, fledgling Camarilla Kindred J wh
have been Embraced after careful consideration and un
preparation. At the very least they'll usually have a gel
nominal tutoring by their sires or some other mentors shi
and thus become acclimated to their new unlives and m¢
vampire society a bit more gently. ret
The Sabbat, on the other hand, is often more jus
immediate in its needs to Embrace, which leaves little ev!
time or desire for "nurturing." The strongest, most able Q
Sabbat vampires survive once they've proven them-
selves, but perhaps without the same allegiance to sire ay
or even clan. The Vaulderie cuts corners by shoe
horning a pack into a common empathy. The pack can ral
then mobilize fasterand work together more efficiently. 5g
For some, the freedom one loses when bonded to other A
vampires in this fashion is a worthwhile sacrifice, a
though certainly you have no guarantee everyone is al

118

| going to get along. In fact, it's not so much going to
| make everyone get along — it will simply force the
Cainites to look out for each other.

| Tue Necessity of CoTeRIes
FOR A GooD STORY

On a practical note, it's convenient for a group of
players to band together to face a common enemy by
"way of a coterie. Whether the storyline involves the
"defense of territory, a usurpation of power or the quest
for a supernatural artifact, players are afforded more
| flexibility by being a part of a coterie, especially if a
variety of clans comprise it.

| If you're going to be interacting with a group of
Vampires on a regular basis for your chronicle, the
coterie is a natural device and means to do this. Your
interactions will be more detailed and more enjoyable
| than if you all played elders Davin yous pawns from
afar. You can experience things nd enjoy a
more collective experienc

Amixed-clan coterie is one way to involve a player
Ofan independent clan into your game ina bigger role.
Make sure the character has a compelling reason for
associating with the Camarilla coterie. Discover how
this affects him in terms of how he relates to his fellow
coterie members. Does he see himself as superior? Does
he actively participate, or stick to the sidelines and
secretly use the coterie to pursue his own agenda,

1e unknown to his fellows in the coterie?
id On another level, the tension and discomfort that
8? your vampire feels as a result of his unnatural associa-
al tion with other predators will significantly add to the
es deeper mood and tone of the game. By paying attention
ys to it and actively featuring it in your character's atti-
re tudes and expressions, you are going to better portray
ad at it is to be a vampire. You will be more than an
aid undead version of yourself with cool powers. Truly
a ing into the vampire mindset is exactly what you
ors ould be after. You're playing a creature that's not
ad ‘Mortal, and here's a fantastic opportunity for you to be
minded of that constantly as you work to continually
re ‘justify going against your nature for the good of what-
tle ‘wer goal keeps your coterie together.
dle

REATING A COTERIE

Just as your character concept is a vital part of the
‘character creation process, defining your coterie's focus
‘and purpose is essential for deciding why you've gone
inst a vampire's reclusive nature.

This will most likely be decided by the Storyteller
‘tither at the start of the chronicle or sometime within
it Although the Storyteller will be the one guiding the
umstances that have brought you together, this

119

doesn't excuse you from coming to understand why
your character would be drawn into it.

Yes, you as a player know that if you want to
participate in the storyline you'll need to join up with
this band of vampires, but why is your character doing
it, and how willing of a participant is she? Do not rob
yourself of the opportunity for great experiences and
opportunities for good intracoterie relationships by
jumping in with a bright smile and a gung-ho attitude.
The character will never be entirely comfortable in her
coterie, and for the most part the initial discomfort is
going to be doubly strong. This is going to clash with
her lingering mortal instincts, so some kind of payoff
had better be coming. Know that going in.

JoIninG a Coterie

Just how does a vampire join a coterie? This isn't
the kind of thing you post an ad for in the local paper.
The most obvious and easy road to take would be if a
vampire's sire is already in a coterie. The vampire
Embraced into this ready-made (albeit dysfunctional)
family has the supplemental support of his sire's tute-
lage as well as whatever strengths the coterie members
bring to the group. Of course, this might also bring the
disadvantage of the sire's favoritism (or resentment) —
an annoyance that may grate on some of the nerves of
the other coterie members.

What if the sire isn'tina coterie? Ifthe youngneonate
yearns to stretch her wings and strike out on her own, she
might ask her sire for guidance. This will only work, of
course, if the sire doesn't immediately squash her attempts
to join a coterie as soon as he hears of the character's
desires. If a neonate has grown tired of the monistic
existence of undeath and actively wants part of a coterie,
hersire may object quite heavily to the notion, with deadly
results. In this case the neonate will either have to think
of a creative way to bend her sire's will, or take her leave
if she feels the cause and implied support of the coterie is
worth risking the wrath of her sire.

If these aren't an option, then what do you do? One
thing that can't be featured enough (and one things that
players to tend to forget, given that they're all portraying
them) is the rarity of vampires in the world. Despite what
you experience in your story, the world still belongs to
the kine. How do the Damned find each other?

Camarilla vampires have it a little easier. If you're
moving toa new town, you can generally find the name
of the prince, attend some event in the domain, present
yourself and commence networking. As you get to
know the local population, you'll soon find those with
the same ideals and challenges you face.

Sectuon Two: Tre Troure


Perhaps you're placed into a coterie with a specific
purpose. In times of war or in matters of diplomacy or
espionage, the prince may select a few vampires to serve
a particular purpose. Are these coteries seen with any
more value than one composed of fledglings simply
trying to eke out an unlife? Possibly. Explore how that
makes your characters feel. Do they feel safe from the
wrath of the elders because they have formal sanction?
Do they feel like an elite team of Camarilla luminaries?
Do they look upon a ragtag bunch of neonates with any
more understanding, or has their esteem made them
contemptuous?

What if you're an ancilla who's found a need or a
desire to join a coterie? How do you approach the group
and ingratiate yourself without looking weak? If you
fail, do you place yourself in danger of being ratted out
to the elders? "Look at Mr. Treacherous ..
to help him get to you so he could strike you down and
claim your domain." Even if that's not the case, will it

. he asked us

be perceived as such?

BEING IN A COTERIE
Either by Embrace or by your own efforts, you've

su
founda group of vampires who have banded togetherand: a
formed a coterie. Lucky you. The experience of being in' bi
a coterie is, logically, dependent upon the personalities ni
of the vampires who make up the group. No steadfast re
tules and regulations exist for being in, or part of, a ac
coterie. When designing a coterie of your own, consider ad
some of the following situations that may arise.

How do you and your coterie-mates police your ey
selves? Are conflicts and disputes settled by discussion' of
between the aggrieved, brute force, diplomatic votes or ey
taking them to a third party? Given the preternatural th
rage that can be so quick to rise in a vampire, and the th
already tense situation within the coterie, it is highly th
likely that conflicts will arise over issues great and
small. cc

Does your coterie have any sort of hierarchy? Will he
the most skilled or the oldest vampire be put in charge! Jy or
Is everyone fair and equal? Has any kind of structure or he
regularity in practice evolved? How do you enforce any te
of this? What happens if the de facto leader endangers } gc

the coterie or proves to be inefficient?

to

th
re
D
wl
ye

m

tit
he
ne
ne
yo

of

Vawei Pavers Gube
120


If the purpose of your coterie is to help each other
survive and protect your hunting grounds, what do you
do when someone meets another Kindred he'd like to

| bring into your coterie? If one member turns up with a
| new Kindred and suggests that she join, how does the
test of the group handle that? How does the new recruit
adjust to the situation? How does the existing coterie
adjust to the new member?

How does your coterie feel about diablerie? Does
everyone share the same opinion? What if one member
of your coterie believes that the only way a Lick can
ever amount to anything is if he diablerizes his way up
the ladder? If he's not killed as a liability for his beliefs,
this can be a powerful mini-plot as he tries to convince
the other vampires to join him in his crusade.

How well do you trust the other vampires in your
coterie? Do you let them know where you sleep? Do you
have a communal haven, or do you keep individual

| ones? Or, say feeding is tough. You have a prime

| hunting ground and prey is tricky. Do you all work as a
team, knowing that you may not have enough blood to
go around, or do you hoard your supply to yourself?

How do you treat Disciplines? Do you share them
toimprove the strength of the coterie, or do you think
that if everyone else can do what you can, it might
tender you obsolete? Do you consider some of your
Disciplines personal or clan secrets? How do you react
when someone else in the coterie learns them without

| your instruction?

ADVANTAGES OF MEMBERSHIP IN A COTERIE
For an unskilled neonate the advantage of coterie
membership is a bit of stability and strength that might

| help him secure more ofa position above and beyond basic
survival. It's a big bad world out there, but he'll have
someone to watch his back — some of the time, anyway.
A vampire has to spend a considerable amount of
time simply surviving. Finding prey, feeding, securing a

| haven, avoiding the light of day ... the list of basic
| needs is endless. Imagine if you were homeless and had
no resources of any kind. Think of the amount of time

| you'd have to spend finding food and shelter and
keeping yourself safe from harm. Welcome to the world
of the Kindred. The actual time you have to spend on
pursuing other interests, learning Disciplines, and gain-
ing power and wealth is limited to a few hours each
night, if even that. Despite the fact that you conceiv-
ably have eternity to spend doing whatever you'd like,
it doesn't alleviate the need to pay the rent. Being a
member of a coterie allows you to save time and
Tesources, potentially benefiting everyone involved.

Jack maintains the herd, Jill secures the haven, Bob
handles the money, etc.

DISADVANTAGES OF THE COTERIE

The coterie offers the illusion of stability because
the members are like-minded group of individuals who
gather together for whatever common purpose (base
survival, combining assets, preparing for a Sabbat in-
cursion, etc) but at the same time it engenders
fragmented potential conflicts and problems.

Issues of trust are going to plague you at every turn.
Sure, you'll be a bit more comfortable than if you
struggled through things all on your own. You'll also
have a more regular, if less intense, set of concerns. It's
a different kind of unease you'll be feeling. At least
you'll know your potential enemy.

Remember that you're not relying on people to
support you and assist you — you're relying on the
Damned. Keep in mind that as unpredictable and fluid
as mortal personalities are, vampires are unpredictable
and evolve ona tremendously different scale. No one is
going to be just like you, nor are they going to experi
ence or relate to things as you will. Each vampire will
be holding onto (or losing) her Humanity at different
rates, giving everyone a different foundation in what
they see and what they do and what they experience.

If most of the group stays fairly conscientious while
one devolves, that presents a liability and a problem.
Matters of perception are likely to cause conflict in this
arena. If your vampire thinks that the resident Nosferatu
has grown dangerously depraved to the point of endanger-
ing the stability of the coterie, how do you convince
everyone else of that? Does it backfire when the majority
thinks she's fine and that you're the one with the problem?

Coverite VISIBILITY

Knowing that the elders despise you or see you as a
threat might prompt you to keep a low profile. Then
again, times are changing. Perhaps your coterie is proud
to flaunt that it has overcome its members natures to
band together into an increasingly powerful force.
Sure, individual members may not have the wealth and
the estate high up in the hills, but they can use a cell
phone and a computer. They know how local mortal
politics work, how world politics have changed and
evolved, and what concerts are going to feature an
audience that will make for an easy hunting ground.

It's always worth reminding players that it's not
every night you're going to be in the eyes of the other
Kindred in your area. You are rare and few and far
between. Consider how visible you decide to be at the
functions that draw you together or how subtle and
invisible you wish to remain.

Stctuon Two: Trt Troure

121


Corterie Fun

Although being in a coterie will never take the place of
the weekly poker nights and bowling leagues of a vampire's
erstwhile mortal life, certainly times will come up when
members of a coterie devote their talents'and attentions to
things beyond hunting and defending their turf. While per-
haps not as destructive and vicious as Sabbat Games of
Instinct, Camarilla vampirescan come up with theirown grim
entertainment for their mutual amusement. One could as-
sume that a coterie of Toreador might assemble a recital for
theirown amusement or the amusementofthesect. A mixed-
pack coterie might challenge each-other to disturbing games
of truth or dare. These pastimes can be effective means to let
off a little steam and alleviate some of the tension formed by
the need to work together.

SUGGESTIONS FOR DLAYING

Unlike you, vampires don't necessarily hang out. They
don't have "friends" in the sense of the word that you do.
They're less likely to tolerate differenées among themselves.
They're not human. Don't impose upon them your own
human desire to have friends and socialize 'for the hell of it.

Find your purpose. Really, really think about the prosand
cons of joining a coterie and ask yourself, "Is:it worth it?"
Although you're going to be giving yourself a better shot at
surviving, you're also putting yourself at considerable tisk of
bearing the brunt of someone's temper. You'remaking your-
self an enemy of the elders and exposing yourself to young
vampires with whom you're ultimately competing for suste-
nance and other resources — not something to take lightly.

Understand the psychology andthe attitudes of the other
vampires in your coterie. Pick up on the Specific moods,
impressions and attitudes that come from seeing the same
vampire night after night after night. A coterie is a game
within a game, and it offers enormous opportunity forcharac-
ter development.

Remember that your survival will always come first. Just
because someone is your coterie-mate doesn't guarantee that
you'll always be there to lenda hand or helpherout. Likewise,
don'tever fully depend on amember ofyourcoterie to bail you
out when you're ina tightspot. Ifthe sun were about totise and
you hada chance to run to guaranteed safety, orrisk yourneck
trying to untangle your coterie-mate from the grille of a
mangled 1965 Buick, what would you do? Exactly, and you
know the other members of your group would be just asquick
to run for cover, so don't get misty over some self-destructive
notions of loyalty. That loner mentality that you've been
pushing down and trying to ignore all this time will make its
presence known in full force when it comes to your stirvival.
Exceptions exist, and maybe you're one of them, but we all
know that vampires are ultimately selfish creatures.

\Vawerre Pavers Guide

122

NovtesFOR STORYTELLERS
Don't make the mistake of giving up the opportunities to
explore the conflicting personalities, backgroundsand behay-
iors of your coterie. This can be a ripe opportunity for you to
throwamonkey wrench in thesystemand remind yourplayers
to deal with what it means to be a vampire. Yes, everyone
gathered around the table are friends and get along (at least |
one would hope), but remind your players that the same
comfort is not afforded to your coterie. Don't turn it into a
screaming bitch-fest each game, but do keep. in mind the
beauty of exploring the darkness within.
so, appreciate the fact that times will occur when the
coterie does run smoothly and efficiently. See that the players |
reflecton that. Doesit change the character's attitudes forone
another? Do elders actually respect a coterie that does some-
thingheroicforthe sake ofthe Camarilla? Does any of thislast?
Consider the creation of a.coterie of Storyteller charac-
ters. How do the two coteries size eachother up? What if the
Storyteller coterie is clan-specific, and it meetsup with the

|
players' mixed-clan coterie? Will a Brujah' brood try to con |
vince the player's Brujah to join them? |
THeLonc Haut 4
Despite the best efforts and sincere wishes of the elders, ]
coteries are here to stay, and as/a/player you will reap the im
benefits of this. Not only does it allow you to form a moté 1
functional story with more conflicted characters, it illustrates | 4
the rough difference between the generations and the sects. "g
Noone will argue that coteries are an indelible facet of the d
modern nights, despite the frustrations and manipulationsef | 4
theelders. Whetheryour vampire sees them asanecessaryevil i

for these modem nights of an unfortunate product of the
times, Coreries have become too commonplace to dismiss asa |
passing fad.

Astorthe Sabbatpack, ifitain't broke, don't fix it. Asthe |
Sabbatwarmachines march forward ina determined religious
fervor, they'll continue to count on the comparative stability
and loyalty the pact structure brings to the sect.

PoweR Vacuum:
WHEN No Sect
STRUCTURE ENISTS ©

It's common knowledge that unlife isn't easy
young Kindred or Cainites. What being the lackey ofa
more powerful vampire in an established pack or prine
cipality does offer, however, is security, not only for
young vampire, but also the Sabbat and the Camaril

Now suppose that security is taken away. Mayh
your Embrace is the accident of a powerful ally toa

OpTIONAL: New FLAW

Disownep (2-to 4-pr. Flaw)
Your sire left you shortly after your Embrace. At
points he gave you a contact outside your home
city from whom you can acquirea basic introduction
tothe Kindred. Four points means you were left with
anew existence when you woke up.

prince, who then arranges for you to be brought a city
that isn't the domain of either the Kindred or Cainites.
Pethaps a Cainite Embraces you in a city with no
dominant sect structure, then leaves you behind to
learn what you've become.

It's also common for Kindred sires who strongly
dislike their childer to arrange for them to be sent to

er cities after completing their education. This
popular method is used by many Kindred to rid them-
selves of potential rivals and troublemakers while at the
same time claiming to be helping expand the power of
the Camarilla. The growing number of Caitiff and
accidents" makes such claims often ring hollow, how-
ever.

While Kindred often have difficulty adjusting to
new areas, Cainites usually don't. Most new Sabbat
areas are created by Cainite pilgrims and nomads who've
decided to stop wandering, so it's not uncommon for
Sabbat locating to new areas to be older and a slightly
lower generation.

Cainites may have some early advantages, but
things are still very difficult for all childer who have to
fend for themselves outside the structures of the Sabbat
and Camarilla. Not only do they have to survive, they

also have to do the best they can to adhere to the
traditions and customs of their sect. Those who don't
often find their sires have become their most dangerous
enemies.

This section includes several ideas about how to
survive and even prosper in a difficult environment.
How fara player wants to go is up to what she thinks her

| character is capable of. Numerous options become
available to players whose characters reside in un-
claimed territory, but with these options come some
warnings. Call it the action-reaction principle: In
chronicle terms it means that not everyone is going to
support what the characters might want to do, and
some of those reactions are going to be hazardous to a
yampire's health.

What kinds of options are available? It depends on
the characters and how much ambition they have. Is it
possible to create one's own principality or bishopric?

Sure, if the characters are willing to deal with the hassle

it takes to build one from the ground up. Those who

don't feel like messing around with justicars and arch-
hops can look for other goals.

For example, a young Toreador with the assistance
of a Ventrue might buy an old industrial building and
convert it into artist lofts. For members of the Sabbat it
could be as simple as forming a gang and claiming right
of domain over a specific territory while beating the
hell out of other gangs in the process. In either case, the
crux of the matter is that these vampires have created
a secure place for themselves and their followers.

UNLIFE ON THE OuTSIDE

Enterprising Licks might want to have an idea of
what unlife is like in an open city before they go out and
try to accomplish anything. Dwelling in a domain with
no sect structure is very different than what most
vampires are used to. In a Sabbat or Camarilla city,
vampires at least have someone to answer a question or
provide them with guidance. In an open city, the
Damned have to depend on themselves and have to
create things as they go along. Unlife is cheap on the
outside, and rivals seek to add other vampires! vitae to
their own while other threats conspire against them
from the shadows. Hiding out as a solitary vampire for
long is not a good idea, as the odds can rove insur-
mountable. Not having the protection of clan or pack
means that until the Kindred can either form or join a
group, she's entirely on her own.

SAFETY IN NUMBERS

Security is the name of the game. While the
Camarilla and Sabbat have very different philosophies
about just about everything else, they both value hav-
ing their own kind of security. Kindred outside a sect
structure usually form two types of groups. The first is
the coterie, which is the most common type of Kindred
group seen inside and outside of sect-claimed cities.
Coteries are often mistrusted and despised by elders and
accomplished ancillae of the Camarilla, and those who
seem too ambitious are often preemptively hunted
down by nearby princes. On the outside, coteries are
usually made up of groups of relatively high-generation
Kindred, so having them killed isn't considered a real
problem by those in the Camarilla. They were just
troublemakers and undesirables anyway, and likely
handled without too much difficulty by a scourge or
sheriff.

The other type of group is very rare, but a few are
known to exist in divided cities. Often called a clutch,
brood or gang, this is a group that has formed around a

Semon Two:Tie Troure

123


very powerful Kindred, who most likely was driven out of
her home city. Clutches have been known to form in
open cities after a significant political event takes place
in a Camarilla domain. Clutch leaders educate new
Kindred, who are then able to join and contribute to the
clutch's interests. The Camarilla tolerates clutches mainly
because their leaders usually at least try to adhere to the
Traditions. How closely clutches do follow the Tradi-
tions isa matter of debate among Ivory Tower luminaries.
One of the drawbacks of clutches is that the organi:
tional leadership is often dominated by Kindred of the
foundir

g vampire's clan. Another is that sect officials
al swiftly with those clutch leaders who act like or,
worse, demand to be treated like a prince. Without the
leader, a clutch's organization quickly breaks down,

often falling apart due to infighting and internal power

struggles. Once word spreads thata clutch is failing, both

Sabbat and other Kindred factions may move in to
destroy what's left or pick up the pieces

Finding Kindred groups is more difficult in an open
city than inacity claimed by the Camarilla. The Sabbat
and other enemies of the Camarilla often actively hunt
Kindred dwelling on the outside. As such, Kindred
groups typically make strong efforts to hide their activi-
ties and locations if they want to survive for long

Even after finding a location, Kindred on the
outside shouldn't always expect a very warm welcome:
Most of these no-man's-land Licks aren't as stuffy as
those of established domains, however, and many dolet
outsiders join them. How things progress depends of
how well the Kindred use their social skills. Violence
does happen, but as a rule, small and isolated Kindred
groups try to avoid it at first, not wanting to risk their
struggling existences. Many small groups are actually
interested in adding new Kindred to their number. If
nothing else they can use recruits as cannon fodder. If
an individual possesses skills or knowledge the group
needs, the members make their best efforts to convince
the new Kindred to join them.

Kindred fleeing to the outside should expect to
have grief for finding their new associates' location, and
those new associates are going to want to learn every
thing about their "guests" they can. The Kindred aren't
doing this for their new members' benefit either — they
are usually more concerned about any problems theif
new recruits might create by being part of their group
Kindred who decide new members are too dangeroust@,
be around may well try to kill them. If these new recruits
do turn out to be more than they can handle, existing
outsider groups do their best to drive the interlopersas

Vawerre Pavers Guipe

in
al
hi
as

th
ey

ci)
tn
di
an
wl
in
ac

sk

it
ab
th

lee
TI
be
be
ol
wi
an
pit

ar away from them as possible. On occasion, groups
have changed their minds after conflict with an un-
own Kindred and let him join anyway. In very rare
instances groups been taken over by the new arrival,
ly after several of the founding members have
en put in their place or destroyed.
Joining the Sabbat-aligned outsiders in a city is
omparatively easy. In fact, they often come looking for
mored visitors. One of the things gangs frequently do
look for challenges to their domain. Once found,
interlopers often face severe tests to determine if they're
tong enough to join the pack. These tests don't always
involve violence: Like the Kindred, Sabbat vampires
ohave uses for vampires with new skills. Ifa vampire

BURRS Fees eB Oo

o askill the gang feels it can use, it tests the Lick to
d ertain her potential. Other tests include combat
ie against a weak member of the gang, and if the interloper
ir Wins he takes that Cainite's place. If the gang doesn't
ty | fant to risk its own, it might send a vampire to provoke
ir | fight with another pack, an unknown Kindred not
pal iinlike himself or even bait something more terrible.
10 target is usually a loner Kindred, but sometimes
ts ings send potential recruits to deal with a former gang
ig nember or a Cainite who failed trying to join the gang.

kind of test isn't going to happen very often, as
those many Cainites who fail a gang's test become that
ening's entertainment.
Not wanting to join an existing faction of a divided
city is also an option. A vampire can simply go out and
to form his own faction. It's not really that hard, s
ivided cities almost always have a number of Kindred
d Cainites not affiliated with any group. A Kindred
who does this should have something to offer in order to
‘interest other vampires in joining his faction, such as
ess to resources, a secure place for vampires to stay or
ils and abilities to help other vampires.

Locistics

Whether you join a group or create one of your own,
its best not to be a loner for long. Vampire is a game
about who you know, and being alone on the outside is
most lethal way of demonstrating that. After arriving
‘inacity, or if you've been Embraced by an irresponsible
sire ina divided city, you have a small amount of time to
about the domain and where vampires may dwell.
is is the most dangerous time for a loner, not only
because of others who might want to kill you, but also
‘Because the longer it takes you to start associating with
Other vampires the more reluctant they become to deal
with you. Those who don't quickly join another group or
"announce their presence are often seen by other vam-
Pites as having social or other problems.

7

125

Finding vampires is only the first step. You then
have to be sociable and persuasive enough to be able to
make a good impression. Many loners are not, and it's
understandable. You might be upset if your prince just
booted you from his city, or that your pack told you to
get lost. You can't, however, let it take over your
existence. Sure it sucks, but being consumed by your
oh-so-cruel-world isn't going to help you survive. Ev-
eryone has problems, especially the undead, and first
encounters are often very tense because the vampires
you're dealing with may well have a good idea of what
your circumstances are. Forced to exist on the outside,
they have run into others in the same situation, and
either are willing to deal you or not. What most
vampires aren't willing to be are emotional or physical
punching bags for your sake.

Kindred fledglings who have been rejected by their
princes and ousted anarchs are the most common
loners. The next most common are those Kindred or
Cainites who were abandoned by their sires. Having
these vampires join a group presents special problems,
namely that the sire responsible for the neonate could
become an enemy of the faction. (Storytellers, consider
this when thinking about what is proper for their
chronicle. Not only does this create a compelling
potential antagonist for you, but the possibilities of
several interesting plot directions as well.)

Cainites often handle being a loner a bit better
than Kindred. Still, being on one's own is very different
than unlife with a pack. A Cainite used to having
emotional ties to others via the Vinculum suddenly fids
herself cast out and alone, without those others to
support her. Many Cainites accept being alone asa test,
and those who establish themselves as nomads might be
respected by Cainite leaders. A few Sabbat clans actu-
ally thrive being outside a sect structure. Those clans
that make the most of being alone are Brutes, Hunters
and Rogues. Of the three, the Sabbat consider the
Hunters (and, to a lesser extent, Furies) to be ideal
Cainites for sending to an open city. Once there, many
Hunters are known to quickly establish themselves as
potent forces in the domain and occasionally even
educate those whom they accept in the territory. Furies
are sent out to spread the Sabbat faith — and also get
them away from Cainites tired of hearing it. Like
Hunters, Rogues enjoy going to open s to seek out

ti
Kindred and other enemies and then give the informa-
tion to local Sabbat groups. As in the Camarilla, Brutes
are the intelligent fighters on the outside. Unlike
Camarilla Brujah, Brutes don't gain much respect dwell-
ing outside a Sabbat city, though they can become quite
effective if they set aside their need for direction. Two

Sectuon Two: Tr Troure

clans almost never seen outside Sabbat-controlled cit-
ies are the Frankensteins and Angels of Caine. If an
Angel of Caine is on the outside, something serious is
about to happen.

Unlife is much harder for vampires who dwell outside
the bailiwicks of their sects. To be honest, many vampires
can't handle it, and they often move to a city with an
established hierarchy. Camarilla Kindred move more than
Sabbat. The big difference is that Cainites who return toa
Sabbat city are often considered failures or cowards and may
lose a great deal of esteem within their packs.

A Kindred's reaction to being on the outside often
depends on which clan claims them. While Brujah
might be considered little more than bad-tempered
thugs in Camarilla domains, on the outside they are
respected and depended on for their hardiness and their
force of personality. With their well developed social
skills and sense of aesthetics, Toreador have the easiest
time on the outside. A Toreador's one weakness on the
outside is attracting too much attention to herself, and
giving in to that weakness means earning such atten-
tion from those whose interest might prove dangerous.

Of all the Kindred clans, the Ventrue have the
most difficulty on the outside. When not part of a sect,
Ventrue often are like babes lost in a concrete jungle.
The biggest challenge facing a Ventrue is overcoming
a great sense of loss: of position, status and most impor-
tantly potential power. Many Ventrue expect one
night to be a leader of a company, faction or domain.
Inside a sect structure, it's easy to see the paths they
need to follow to attain that leadership. Outside are no
specific paths, and many Ventrue can't deal with it. As
vampires, they lack the ability to be true visionaries,
and when forced to create structures of their own, they
may founder. The irony is that those who do handle it
often become more powerful than they would have if
they had stayed in their recognized domains. The flip
side is that Ventrue are the Kindred who most often
move to other cities in order to rejoin the Camarilla.

Like Ventrue, Tremere also have problems adapt-
ing to the outside. Their problems, however, cut both
ways. Tremere without their structure are dangerous
both to themselves and to other Kindred around them
— the pyramid is more than the sum of its individual
building blocks. Outside of a sect structure, Tremere
often become very paranoid and territorial. Being on
the outside plays right in to the suspicion that comes
part and parcel with the Tremere hierarchy. Everyone
is seen as a possible enemy, and few Tremere fully trust
other Kindred even after they join a group. Tremere
often remain loners the longest, or try to establish small
areas they can dominate by themselves. If they are

‘Vamemre PLavers Gupe

126

successful, Tremere only then consider negotiation
with other groups on their own terms.

One other clan that's seldom seen on the outside
are Malkavians. Like the Ventrue, however, emanci-
pated Malkavians can be true terrors, remaking their
autonomous domains in their own images. Too often, |
however, Malkavians without the structure of the
Camarilla collapse in upon themselves, undone by the
burdens of their own insanities.

WAAR A ee mA

One Kindred clan often makes itself known to
other groups only for its own reasons and at a time of its
choosing. That clan is the Nosferatu. Many faction
leaders have been unnerved by the unexpected arrival
of a Nosferatu, who then details extensive knowledge
of various factions and their activities. Most Nosferatu
appear in a divided city only after the factions have
established their territories or torn each other to rib-
bons. Faction leaders often take Nosferatu in their city
as a sign that the city is now "in play," meaning that
outside organizations have taken an interest in things
happening in town. Being loyal to the Camarilla forthe
most part, Nosferatu typically deal with those groups
that have not seriously violated the Traditions. Those.
that aren't following the Traditions often find that
other groups have sensitive information about them.
Besides following the Traditions, Nosferatu take plea-
sure in seeing how members of a faction react to their
presence, so first introductions are often very stomach:
turning affai

Finally, a so-called clan that also bears mentions
the Caitiff. On the outside, the Caitiff aren't trusted by
anyone, mostly due to the vagaries of their Embrace.
Kindred groups deal with Caitiff as little as possible.
Kindred factions do exchange information with Caitiff,
but they are just as likely to hunt Caitiff who've learned
anything about them. This attitude arose because on
the outside Caitiff have become known as bottom
feeders and rumormongers who gladly pit factions against:
each other. Caitiff trade any scrape of information of,
gossip they can find, and if they can't find anything,
juicy they make things up. Once they start a rumor,
Caitiff ensure that it quickly spreads through the street
A tradition-bound Kindred might think, "Wow t
could be a pretty stupid thing to do," but things a
different outside the borders of organized domains.
Caitiff on the outside don't care. Mafty who've beet
badly treated by the Camarilla consider their acti
as revenge for the poor treatment they suffered. Ti
inspired Caitiff have even been known to intentiona
violate the Traditions in the hopes that an archon will
come to the city to investigate. It is even better if the

2


tiff can pin the violations on another Kindred
ion.

Panders think they are better off than Cainites, but
y really aren't. Sure they now have a voice among
Sabbat, and can even become ducti. What happens
often is that they are whipped into a frenzy and
told to check out what's guarding a known Kin-
dred location by themselves. Sabbat groups let Panders
them in cities with few other Cainites, but the
ders frequently have to defend their positions when
er Cainites arrive and want to join.

le

JOINING THE GANG

After joining or forming a group, your attention
Id shift to survival and adjusting to your new
situation. The biggest issues facing a vampire dwelling
the outside are security, social concerns and adher-
ngto whatever common customs have been established.

at | Why would a vampire give a damn about social
gs 1 erns? Because vampires are social creatures, and
re contact with others helps keep the Beast at bay. Being

side a sect structure means that, at least at the
ning, you are going to have very limited social

not at war, the level of security a
woup has directly affects the social barometer of indi-
vidual vampires in the group. If you have been to the
Elysium in just about any Camarilla city, you know that
snot uncommon for a city's most powerful Toreador
foarrive at a party dressed in couture that rivals that of

oy | op-name designers during runway shows. It's not only
e. asign of the Camarilla culture's strength, opulence and
a ieinement, but also that those Kindred who live in the

city feel secure enough to flaunt it. The same goes for a
Sabbat city like Detroit. Just ask anyone who's been to
‘aDevil's Night celebration.

While such displays are common in cities that are
domain of either Kindred or Cainites, they rarely
happen in cities that are either contested or not under
either sect's direct influence. The main reason for this
isthat smaller Camarilla and Sabbat groups don't have
tesources in place to deal with any attention a grand
display of power might bring. The end result is that
er grand-scale social events take place in cities with
sect structure, and those that do happen are less
‘conspicuous.

The last and perhaps'most significant disadvantage
to dwelling in a domain without a sect structure is that
despite not receiving the benefits, you are still bound by
the Traditions and ritae. Not being part of asect structure
doesn't mean that you can freely ignore the rules, though
ifyou're careful, you can stretch them a bit.

127

What does that mean? That depends on you. If your
Kindred faction is under constantattack from Sabbat or
other enemies, siring one or two new vampires to help
in the fight won't raise much of a fuss, especially given
that you're probably not answering to a prince. If by
using traditional tactics a gang totally destroys (not
damages) an enemy domain, an archbishop could ac-
cept the poor tactical choice in return for claiming
some of the credit for victory.

Realize that in either case you are going to be in
debt to whomever helps cover up your transgressions.
While this is convenient at the moment, you won't
control when or how your benefactor might ask to be
repaid.

Those wanting to stay clear of any entanglements
with proximate powers-that-be need to know the kinds
of activities that draw their attention. In general, the
Camarilla and Sabbat each have specific things they
keep an eye out for in areas outside their domain. The
biggest attention-getters for the Sabbat are gangs using
open warfare tactics in cities with heavy media pres-
ence orhighly organized mortal authorities. Archbishops
quickly deal with these misguided gang leaders and
then reorganize the gangs around better leadership.

Justicars and neighboring princes become con-
cerned with Kindred who sire many childer without
paying close enough attention to the Masquerade.
Unlike the Sabbat, which often deals with a problem
only after it becomes a headline, Camarilla officers use
their power andaidesto investigate matters before they
get out of hand. Punishment for a Kindred who's been
found guilty of violating the Masquerade or other
Traditions is usually a matter of greeting sunrise. With
other area Kindred present to get the message, Kindred
outsiders are slain more often than Cainites for violat-
ing the laws of their sect, even if the sect doesn't have
a formal presence.

Many even suspect that some leaders in the
Camarilla encourage executions for relatively minor
infractions, granting their scourges wide jurisdictions.
It's believed to be done out of the fear that establish-
ment of a new and nearby Camarilla order will reduce
the power of the existing princes.

Besides doing investigations, archons and templars
can also provide other services for vampire communi-
ties outside of a sect structure. They often act as
messengers, bringing information about various vam-
pire activities back to their leaders. Even more
possibilities open up if the Sabbat or Kindred factions
in an open city have some degree of kinship or "profes-
sional" common interests with the visiting archon or
templar. Like a character who has the habit of getting

Secon Two: Tre Troure

his fellow coterie members killed, both the Sabbat and
the Camarilla view outsiders as potential loose cannons
and deal with them severely. Cultivating a relationship
with an archon or templar is a good way of trying'to
mitigate punishments for situations where the crimes
aren't that severe.

For those who for one reason or another don't give
a damn about the Traditions or ritae, enjoy your short
unlives while they last. Being outside‘a sect structure
gives you more leeway to cheat sect custom but also
ensures that when an accountingcomes due, not much
talking will be going on.

THE OUTSIDEAND YOu

Okay, now that you know unlife‘outside ofa sect
structure means that you won't,be going to. many
good parties, and that you could easily be killedif you
break any rules, you're going to rush outand- move to
a contested territory or unclaimed domain, tight?
Didn't think so.

Believe it or not, some benefits exist to dwelling
outside a Camarilla or Sabbat domain: How you take
advantage of those benefits depends on what type of
character you like to play and the-kinds of chronicles
your Storyteller enjoys running,

Playing in a contested or*uhclaimed city offers
many different types of chronicles. From short or even
one-shot stories that involve a specific objective to
long story ares that would confuse a Nosferatu, the
whole point of a setting like this is that you can get as
much out of it as you want to.

One of the first things you realize when you're an
outsider is that you have a chance to judge the teach-
ings of both Camarilla and Sabbat on your own terms.
You no longer have to accept a third-party bottom line
or the indoctrination of a sire who often won't give
answers to questions you might have about why Tradi-
tions or ritae have been established. You've gained the
freedom to more openly question what you do and don't
believe about being a Kindred or Cainite.

You've also gained the ability to test yourself in
ways that might not have been open to you undera sect
structure. In a divided city the leadership of fellow
Kindred or Cainites must be earned. Leaders are born
from both desire and circumstance. Helping save fellow
Kindred from a Sabbat attack or designing tactics that
help your Cainite friends against a larger rival gang are
signs of leadership. Just remember that leadership can
be lost as quickly as it's gained.

Besides being a leader, you are tested in other
ways. Things are more fluid (and less sacrosanct)
outside a sect structure, which gives you the chance

Vawrrre PLavers Guide

128

to explore policies that you might not have consid
ered (or had your sire consider for you) while bei
part of a sect. Being in a sect structure often mean
you're expected to do what you are trained to
Outside you are expected to learn as many ne
capabilities as you can. The more skills you knowan
can employ; the more uséful you are to your felld
vampires. This has become so.important that bot
Kindred amd. Cainites who are working toget
sometimes cross-train each other so more than on
vampire has.a specific skill.

Another advantage of unlife in a divided city
that you're less likely to be recognized by othi
pires. Those being hunted or in bad positions with
sects or'elans often take refuge in cities that have m
sect structure.

This can quickly change if a sect luminary come
visiting. Those in trouble with their sects or clans can
also find themselves being looked for by. the Caitif
who often eke out hardscrabble unlives in unstructure
cities and are happy to trade information fot any fa
that might improve their lot.

Consider one finalaspect of living on the outside
which depending on how you play it can be eithera
blessing or a curse for you when dealing with ot!
Kindred. Many in the Camarilla'often complain abo
the apathy or opposition toward new ideas that chara
terizes higher echelons of the sect»Many reasons exi
for this reluctance, the most powerful being the figut
heads of the Camarilla seeing change asa threatto thei
positions:

Surviving long enough to prosper on the outside
means that you've become resourceful and can focuson
the here and now. Not everyone in the Camarillj
adheres to the idea of just keeping the status quo,
some in the Camarilla are looking for Kindred withth
Kind of attitude an outsider might have. If you playit
right, you could find opportunities to improve you
status in other Camarilla areas.

In the beginning it won't be easy. Kindred fron
the outside are often looked at as being little mor
than rogues or rustics by those who dwell in sed
structured domains. Even using your best manners
you may be treated in a polite but often condescené
ing manner. Expect to be asked questions about you
education and various Traditions. Not answeri
correctly or to the inquiring Kindred's satisfact
means having to deal with both verbal and possibl
physical recourse. Some more vindictive Kindre
intentionally ask difficult questions in the hopes af
angering you then using that as justification fo
attacking you. How well outsiders handle them:


selves when visiting a Camarilla city determines how
long they can stay, and if they leave the city with
their unlives intact.

Sect Dotitics
AND THE OUTSIDE

Many divided cities are either ignored by the
Camarilla or used by the Sabbat as dumping ground for
low-ranked and excess Cainite childer. That's until
News starts to spread about how the fortunes of a
divided city have taken a turn for the better. Unless you
quickly take charge of the situation, you may well find
your city slowly being drawn into the ever-expanding
web of vampire politics. The Camarilla and Sabbat
each have their own ways of trying to find out what's
going on and if anything of interest is there.

After getting the latest information about who
claims what as domain in acity, the Camarilla prince or
justicar sends in agents to check things out. These
agents are in the city only long enough to find what
they need, so chances are that they won't be detected
unless they blow their cover. Because no prince exists,
these agents are within their rights not to have to
present themselves to anyone or ask for permission to
bein the city —such is the price of independence. The
agents report anything interesting first to their prince
or officer. Since Caitiff are known to dwell in many
divided cities, they are often used by agents by both the
Sabbat and Camarilla to gain general news about what's
going in the city.

Most often, the Sabbat simply sends ina group of
scouts, who then go to locales known to host fellow
Cainites and ask questions. Autarkis nominally sympa-
thetic to the Sabbat are also spoken with, but most
scouts would rather have reports from gang or area
leaders.

While politics is always going to be part of the
social fabric of vampire society, it doesn't have as much
ofan initial presence in divided cities for two re:
First is that various vampire communities are too busy
ting with each other. The second is that being
broken up into smaller groups gives competing vam-
ires fewer chances to build a power base.

This doesn't mean that politics doesn't have a role
play in a city without asect structure. Many would-
princes on poor terms with the Camarilla have tried
Oseize praxis Over a divided city only to be laughed at
bythe Inner Circle. It's also not coincidence that soon
fter making their bids, many of these so-called princes
endupstaked. Thingsare not very different for Cainites
ho try to establish a bishopric. In general, faction

ons

129

leaders who fail find little sympathy with those they
claim to lead. This is often because members of a faction
have been given promises in return for their support.
Once the bid fails those promises are worthless, and
their current leader has little left to bargain with.

Unlike a city with a sect structure, a vampire
making a bid for domain in a divided or unclaimed city
has little margin for error. Kindred or Cainites who
claim domain in a city and fail fall the hardest. Vam-
pires in a city dominated by the Sabbat or Camarilla
who fail in a bid to become bishop or prince can often
fall back to their power bases, even if they've lost status
and respect with their fellow vampires.

Vampires outside of a sect structure don't have this
luxury. Factions ina divided city are fickle. Chances are
that most vampires have already chosen a successor in
case their current leader's bid fails. That, or they'd
prefer to keep the domain unclaimed for rez
their own.

‘ons of

The politics of a divided city are often used by the
Camarillaas a gauge of how well things are going in that
city. Political changes that occur affect the way both
the Camarilla and Sabbat look at the city. Factionalized
cities with little politics because only small groups of
Kindred are there are generally ignored by princes,
except as possible dumping grounds for Caitiff and
troublemaking Kindred.

Archbishops look at divided cities with small num-
bers of Cainites as being areas of opportunity. The
thinking goes tharcities with few Cainites aren't taking
full advantage of the situation. Like the Camarilla, they
also send in more low-rank and shovelhead Cainites to
help the cause: In addition, a templar group or provi-
sional bishop and entourage sometimes accompany the
new recruits to question the existing leadership in the
city. It's common for a quick leadership change to take
place if the Sabbat isn't satisfied with the current one.

Outside interest in a divided city grows as factions
ablish themselves and expand their territories. With
princes, most of this interest centers on how the Kin-
dred factions can be co-opted to serve their purposes.
The best way of avoiding having your faction become
an unwitting pawn of a prince or archbishop is by
demonstrating strong leadership that isn't easy to push
around.

CARROT AND DAGGER

The Camarilla and Sabbat use similar tools when
trying to exert influence over outsiders. First come
offers of support as long as the faction agrees to certain
terms. Factions that agree to these deals are quickly
turned into peons and gain no status or respect with

Section Two:Tie Troure


either the Camarilla or Sabbat. Circumstances don't
matter, either. On the rare occasions when an outside
sect helps a Kindred faction, it's usually either because
favors are being called in or the faction has something
the Camarilla wants. In neither case is the Camarilla
acting only for the faction's own benefit.

Bishops and archbishops are more direct in how
they handle independent gangs and packs. If they want
something you have, they try to take it. If your gang or
pack is successful defending yourselves they allow you
to keep it ... for now. Expect to be tested again with a
stronger force. If you succeed a second time, the Sabbat
often resorts to trade. This is done both as a sign of
respect for your pack, and not wanting to waste any
more resources on an internal issue. On the other hand,
a slighted Sabbat leader may well declare an open
Crusade on your domain to salvage her damaged pride.

Items archbishops have been‘known to bartet with
include new weapons, recruits, information and drugs.
Since Sabbat custom dictates that Disciplines be taught
to all Cainites, they don't have as much trade valueas
in the Camarilla, What does have value are out-of-clan
Disciplines that are hard to come by for Cainites
operating outside a sect-structured city.

With the Camarilla, rejecting the first deal tells
those trying to manipulate your faction that your lead-
ership isn't brain-dead, but then they likelyup theante.
Politics become more important in a divided Gity once
outside influences involve themselves in city affairs.
Why? Because if those trying to gain access to yourcity
can't exploit you, they are either going»to look for
someone'else who's easier to deal with or find ways to
change your leadership. This often happens: when a
nearby prince or archbishop runs into difficulties trying
to exploit different yampire factions in adivided city.
Since that individual can't turn your faction into her
flunkies, she tries her luck with a rival faction that
already doesn't like your group. If that doesn't work, she
then looks at discontented members of your group to
recruit as new leaders.

Historically, conflicts with either sect seldomreach
the second stage and almost never make the third. Both
princes.and archbishops usually don't bother investing
that much time and effort in such a small matter. Other
than saving face, bringing your faction into the fold
isn't that important unless you possess something they
really want — and if that's the case, why was the region
unclaimed in the first place? (True, sometimes un-
claimed domains yield unexpected resources, but these
are the exceptions that prove the rule. See below.)
Another thing a prince needs to consider is that the
Inner Circle rarely approves of princes of one city

meddling with and possibly undermining the affairs of
another. On occasion they quietly let it happen, but
only as long as the prince involved is circumspect with
her dealings and the conflict doesn't unduly weaken
the greater strength of the Camarilla.

Two things can change this, and whether or notit's
justified is for your Storyteller to decide. The first is that
your faction controls a powerful item or owns an impor
tant resource. A prince or archbishop who wants what
your faction owns is going to spend a greater amount of
time and resources trying either to get the item itself, or
bring your group to heel.

The second is that you should,expect retribution if
you or another member of your group does something to
teally piss off the prince orarchbishop who's been mes
around with your faction. This doesn't have to mean he is

nding someone to kill you..A truly devious leader can
find many ways to complicate your unlife. Merely killing
youcan be very trite, and revenge isa dish bestsérved cold,

Other than fighting with your enemies, success:
fully preventing your faction from being absorbed by
another organization is one of the first true.tests of a
group and its leadership. It's also one of earliest and best
ways for yourgroup to earn respect from other Camarilla
and Sabbat organizations, Surviving the conflict with:
out any real losses or leadership changes shows that
your faction has good potential. The prince or arch-
bishop you've been fighting might not agree, but those
who hear about your success against that organization
are going to be interested in talking with you. The
status you've gained will help with the future dealings
your faction has with groups outside your city.

Once the Camatilla and Sabbat realize they have
toat least deal with your faction, various groups whoare
interested in what's happening in your city send en
tospeak with you. Other than individual vampires who
come to your city, expect visits from clan luminaries,
and on very rare occasions functionaries of the prince
or archbishop of a nearby city.

Caveat Emptor
It's always best to keep the old Roman saying
"buyer beware" firmly in mind when making deals with

either princes or archbishops. Most princes view deal:
ing with Kindred leaders in divided cities as beneath
them, and their representatives often carry this disdaift
into any negotiations. Some even suspect that negotia-
tors are intentionally chosen from among those Kindred }
out of favor with their prince.

Princes who send envoys to negotiate are almost!
always solely looking out for their interests, not yours. |

It's going to take your best diplomacy to put together |

‘Vawere Payers Guipe

130

Raker ex re ewe

SSP 83 Sees ee sss

S83R


ykindof decent agreement. Typically a prince sends
nenvoy because something needs tobe taken care of.
Most ofthese kinds of agreéments don't involve a
ecific item or vampire. Instead they are arrangements
jhich both sides agree todo something for each other.
An example of such an-agreement is'that in return for
ig to limit. the number of anarchs taking refuge in
domain, a prince might agree notte continue
ing large amounts of insurgents in your domain.

Occasionally these arrangements do involve look+
g for an individual. An envoy comes asking for
ermission to search your city for a specif vampire.
(ourgroup might even be asked to assist in the search. In
cases a prince usually offers small loansiof influ-
¢, heirlooms or information in return for yoursupport.

Princes have been known to pay very well when
oking for notorious vampires. Past compensation has
ded blood dolls, new Discipline and Ability in-
tion and even boons. Making these types of deals
very difficult and dangerous. The vampire being
unted could learn of your giving assistance and be-
come a very powerful enemy.

Cutting deals with s looking to get a leg up isn't
Wdifficultas with princes. More often than not clans are
poking for more traditional diplomatic opportunities. A
entrue-run business in a nearby city might want ai
materials produced in your domain, or perhaps fran-
serights. A Tremere art enthusiast might be interested
nadding certain pieces of art found in your city to his
collection. Clans seldom involve outsiders in their b
but do pay for information, sanctuary, feeding righ
ad occasionally additional muscle when representa-
ves operate outside of their home city.
Unlike the Camarilla, the Sabbat gladly helps out
ks in contested cities. Archbishops and bishops
Toutinely devote resources to winnable situations. Re-
gurces are given not only to improve the Sabbat's
\ces of success but also to aid in the ultimate goal of
iving their enemies out of the domain. If not able to
ichieve its ultimate objective, the pack involved makes
effort to inflict as much damage as possible.

THe ART OF THE DEAL

Ifa sect titleholder decides that a possibility exists
dealing with you, an envoy is sent, who usually
ies a letter of introduction on behalf of that indi-
fidual. The kind of representative sent to negotiate on
the individual's behalf often tells you how important
deal is. Members of a prince's entourage are the
gst common envoys. For important negotiations,
Princes have been known to employ specific Ventrue
who in their past lives were high-powered lawyers,

131

while individuals low in esteem might earn the most
loathsome of Nosferatu by way of insult.

Most princes use Kindred from specific clans as en-
voys for different types of assignments. In general Toreador
are the most common envoys, but Ventrue also called
upon to handle very formal or strategic negotiations. On
rare occasions, a prince sends a Tremere envoy to handle
arrangements for relics, research materials and informa-
tion. When dealing with aclan, the envoy isalmost always
a Kindred of the clan negotiating the agreement.

Just about everything that's said and done is going
to be reported back. As such, you should treat envoys as
the eyes and ears of the organization that sent them.
How you conduct yourself during the negotiations
affects not only the outcome, but future relations be-
tween both parties as well. In most cases negotiating a
deal should be seen as a chance to size up the opposi-
tion. You are going to be tested by the envoy, who's
going to be looking for weaknesses to exploit. You
should do the same with the envoy.

Don't be worried that every envoy you deal with is
going to be a low-generation powerhouse. Expect that
for very important negotiations, but also realize that
both Kindred and Cainite leaders and clans send less
august vampires on more mundane assignments. These
assignments are also tests given to the envoys to see
how well they use their skills and abilities.

GETTING STARTED

Okay, so you now have a basic overview of what
things are like in a divided city. Next we're going to cover
things from the smallest independent groups to becoming
the next prince or archbishop. While we've talked about
established factions, smaller groups exist that are more
common but less noticed. Cities with very few vampires
don't even have clutches, coteries, packs or gangs.

Very small Cainite populations often run in what
they call posses. Like the Old West term, Cainite posses
are short-term affairs usually lasting only a night or two. A
posse forms when a Cainite decides to do something for
the evening and then goes around asking other Cainites if
they'd like to come along. Unlike gangs or packs, a posse's
leadership lasts only for that mission and changes from
night to night depending on who has things they want to
do, or if the posse even needs to remain intact. Cainites
who put together several successful endeavors gain status
among their fellow Cainites and often become gang and
even pack leaders. Leaders who are unsuccessful more
than once may not have another chance to form a posse
and might not even be allowed to take part in posses
formed by other Cainites. Not being able to take part ina
posse is a bad social sign for Cainites. It means that those

Section Two:Tie Troure

who have successfully gained status don't think you're
good enough to help them.

By Sabbat standards posses are very small, usually
not numbering more than three or four vampires. De-
pending on the number of Cainites, it's possible for more
than one posse to be active each night. Those who form
posses have to be careful about what missions they
choose. Posses are formed for a variety of reasons, the
most common being to hunt for loner Kindred and
Cainites, check out locations where Kindred might be
hiding, and explore different parts of the city. On occa-
sion a templar calls together a posse to help look for
someone or information. These posses are really closer to
a gang in number, as few Cainites refuse such a request.
Elders and the rare Sabbat ancillae are often nostalgic
about their posse nights, remembering less rigid times
when it was only themselves and a few comrades kicking
ass and taking names. They see tonight's gangs and packs
as being too concerned with politics and violence, and
often yearn for their simpler times.

To avoid the stigma associated with being a mem-
ber of a coterie, small groups of Kindred who decide to
work together often form what many in the Camarilla

Vawnne Pavers Gu !

132

call an enclave, consortium or interest group. As with
many other things in the Camarilla, forming an en-
clave is treated in a formal and specific manner. Enclave
agreements range from very complex, such as having
provisions for who gets what in the city if one of the
nwith
different levels of complexity, most enclave agree
ments include a formal declaration of following the
Traditions and a statement that all Kindred who join
the enclave are to be given as complete an educationas
possible about the Camarilla. Beyond that, enclave
agreements might detail what locales are the domains

members becomes prince, to the very simple.

of which clans and what penalties are used for those
who don't follow the Masquerade

The Sabbat have another name for enclaves. They
call them targets. Nothing whips Cainites into a frenzy
more than learning that Kindred have plans to turnan
unclaimed domain into a Camarilla holding. Busting
abbat.

up an enclave gains Cainites high status in the §

With the Sabbat and other enemies on the lookout
for enclaves and other Kindred activities, enclave lead-
ers are careful with how they establish them. The penalty
for revealing an enclave is often a staking or a drubbing,

k
d

nAMs

ei
re
ol

es

m

fri
th


When it's not outright destruction. Most Kindred don't
‘Tetit come to that by being very selective about whom
| they let join. Kindred with questionable backgrounds, or
Who are being hunted, usually aren't allowed to join.
Some get around that by trying to hang out with other
lred who are members, but this seldom works.
Like posses, enclaves usually start out with two or
naybe three Kindred, and attempt to grow from there.
Posses usually graduate into packs as more Cainites join
dan established purpose emerges. Enclaves also grow
itoften have trouble covering their activities as more
‘indred join. As the risk increases, enclaves often
er have to move to another location altogether, or
ndividual Kindred move to different parts of the city.
Sometimes Kindred from one clan simply break off and
Move to their own area. Tremere in particular often
ittheir own area if more than two of them are in the
enclave. Letting a clan set up its own domain helps deal
th the problem as long as its Kindred remain loyal to
the enclave. The dangers involved with either moving
allowing a group to separate force the enclave lead-
ip to make difficult decisions. Inaction can be just
asdangerous; entire enclaves have been wiped out after
heir locations were discovered by the Sabbat or a
lous faction of nearby Camarilla Kindred. Often
that leads such hostile elements to discover an enclave
many Kindred being seen in the general vicinity.
inclave leaders also have to contend with their Kin-
wanting to establish institutions of Kindred society
as Elysium) well before it's safe to consider it. Not
ving an Elysium strains the social fabric of most early
iclaves, but having one gives them assets that send up
ad flags when possibly recalcitrant princes catch word
ifthe burgeoning domain.
Once a posse grows into a gang or founded pack,
blishing territory becomes the next concern. For
inites this usually involves finding and taking over a
pain already claimed by Kindred or even a mortal
Those mortals who fight well enough may be-
me childer, ghouls or contacts, while the others
ome that evening's dinner. While Cainites might
nk of displaced mortal rivals as nothing more than
ady-to-eat meals, that doesn't mean Cainites don't
asider the human factor. Indeed, you might be sur-
ised to know that Cainites can be found among
ortals at some activities. Go to any sporting event and
ites can be found hanging out with mortals —
mthe way everyone dresses, it would be tough to tell
e difference. Biker and leather bars are also places
ainites can be found. Ever been toa real Army surplus
ore? Chances are, Cainites are good customers. The
pbat's disrespect for the "cattle" doesn't mean that

133

they won't deal with powerful individual mortals or
groups. As factions grow beyond their humble roots,
hiding their activities becomes very important. At
some point just hiding won't be enough, and the other
options have to be considered.

HIDING IN PLAIN SIGHT

One of the first options is to create an ordinary
front for the enclave's activities. These fronts can range
from exclusive social clubs to complex businesses to
simple storefronts. Those who get the hang of doing
this call it hiding in plain sight. What type of organiza-
tionan enclave or club forms depends on the leadership,
the strengths of the members and what clans are in-
volved. One big difference starting out is that whatever
front is built has to be able to attract mortals as well as
other Kindred. Controlling that growth is also an issue.
Enclaves don't want to attract a lot of mortal attention
right after they form a front. Doing so risks nosy
reporters or other information seekers who might learn
more than they should. Toreador have the easiest time
dealing with this but the hardest time preventing its
growth. Adoring crowds and the adulation they bring
act as potent drugs for a Toreador's vanity, and they
often have a hard time not giving in to the temptation.

Clubs and enclaves have been known to form many
different types of fronts to hide their true natures. Some,
suchas the "nonprofit organization" run by a Toreador or
entertainment venues such as bars and nightclubs run
from behind the scenes, by a Brujah are popular. Others
are less common. Here are some out-of-the-ordinary
examples that haven't been talked about. One thing to
keep in mind is that enclaves look for business ventures
that can "employ" as many Kindred as possible. Fronts
that employ one or two Kindred aren't going to be as
useful as those that could employ more. Like larger
Kindred organizations, enclave fronts employ mortals as
well as Kindred. In many cases the first person a customer
meets is another mortal, not a vampire.

Gymnasium, Dojo or Training Center

Run by one or more Brujah, these offer Kindred a
place not only for physical training but also for learning
new skills. Loners looking to join a group can also be
tested to gauge their strengths and weaknesses.

Restaurant, Bar or Tavern

It'salmost ironic serving the meals to your food. Also
not so out of the ordinary, until you add the private club
in the back for Kindred only. Just don't let the people in
front see the menu! While no Kindred attends a restau-
rant to partake of its repast, in a divided city they offeran
informal sort of neutral ground for factions that want to
talk to each other. Being in public offers some protection

Sectuon Two: Tr Troure


against overt attack but does leave you open to a "drive
by" or other assault with enough deniability of vampiric
ill, few places are better for quietly
exchanging information or transacting business. Own-

involvement. $

ing such establishments can also help you keep up on
rumors and on new Kindred in town.

Small Movie Theater or Stage

These establishments are run by Toreador or
Ventrue who are looking for a unique w:
their social repertoi

y to expand

. These theaters focus on artistic

productions and films instead of commercial ones. As
such, the crowds tend to be smaller and more culturally
sophisticated. As with other Kindred organizations,
vampires associated with these fronts occasionally use
their theaters and stages to look for possible candidates
for Embraci

ial and Residential Real Estate
Kindred have ever been involved with holdings
and "land wars," so direct involvement in the real estate

Commer

business comes as no surprise. Those who do so use their
companies not only to look for secure places to pur-
chase but also to keep an eye on rival factions, the
Sabbat and other enemies. Kindred deal mostly in the
appraisal and finance aspects, though some go into

developmentas well. It's not uncommon fora company
owned by one faction to disrupt or underwrite a deal
with another faction.

Some Kindred think it's okay to turn a front intoan
Elysium. Whether or not it's justified is up to you and
your group. Some fronts evolve into very good Elysiums,
while others become targets either because they are
exposed or difficult to monitor. If you do decide toallow
a front to become an Elysium, you also need to establish
who's going to be Keeper. Actual front owners are
seldom keepers, as running both the business and the
Elysium often requires more time than one Kindred has
in anight. What owners are required to do is obtain the
supplies requested by a keeper for any function held in
the Elysium. Each established Camarilla domain hasits
own Elysium, and, depending on the domain's size,

some even have more than one. Most early E
smaller than in established Camarilla cites and don't
have the room to accommodate large functions. It's
also not uncommon for more than one Elysium to be
at the same time. This helps reduce possible
detectionand makes it easier with security. All Camarilla
Kindred respect the Elysiums of other domains. Those
who don't are breaking the Traditions and can causé

iumsare

use

\Vawire PLavers Gupe

tic
co

th

oo shea


ong retaliation against the transgressor and any fac-
ion he may belong to. To avoid this, Kindred
communities punish their own members who violate
the neutrality of another domain's Elysium.
Keepersare one of the first offices created by Camarilla
factions in divided cities. A city that doesn't have a
;piince often has one or even more keepers, even of the
IEappointed variety. Being chosen as Keeper is mixed
Being offered the job often means that the candidate
int expected to rise much further in the developing
hierarchy. The flip side is that like those in established
ties, a keeper can use the power of her position to help
hinder other Kindred who are trying to move up in
or increase their status. One perk of being a keeper
that it can win you contacts and allies among Brujah
dother Kindred who defend the faction's territory. A
keeper can't name another Kindred sheriff, but she can
equest that a specific Kindred or group of vampires be
signed to help protect the Elysium.

Even with the politics involved, the formal dedica
fion of an area as a faction's Elysium is a time of
‘celebration. It means the enclave has survived long
Odds to establish influence over an area of your city.
four group is no longer an enclave. It's now a faction,
Which makes your city's economic, political and social
scenes all but an established domain.

Like Camarilla factions, packs constantly seek to
add new territory to their domain. This is the reason
osses often form into gangs and packs very quickly.
ack members in unclaimed or disputed domains are
chosen from the different gangs in a territory. While
gang still maintains its own domain, the pack has
final say over anything happening in all the territory
held by its members. With this structure comes a
constant pressure to expand. Packs that aren't trying to
xpand their areas often have their leadership abilities
questioned. Population issues are alsoa concern. Thriv-
ng packs not only require territory for their havens but
alkoneed areas where their members can safely feed and
ecount for their unlives. It's not uncommon for packs
intentionally take over a specific area because a rival
k wants to move into it.

While any Kindred domains are prime targets for
Sabbat expansion, packs also attack enemy packs and
t groups they find. How fast a pack expands its
eritory depends on how capable the members of the
ackare. Even being vampires hasn'tsaved small Cainite
licks that have made the mistake of taking on large
hortal gangs or organized crime cells. Young ducti have
dpick their targets carefully and also have to not try to
extend themselves. Overexpanding can attract the
tion of Kindred and other enemies who sometimes

135

then band together to deal with the issue. Even in
divided cities, Kindred often establish connections with
law enforcement and other agencies specifically to cur-
tail Sabbat expansion. When Kindred can't pursue
Cainites that way, they send their own agents or allies to
do the job. Most Cainite packs see having their havens
attacked by a Kindred group as a time for a new ductus.

As with factions, once a Sabbat pack has a large
enough territory, its focus changes. Pack leadership
becomes concerned with various administrative activi-
ties happening in its area and making sure that it's
collecting the proper kickback. Packs that are unhappy
with their current economic situation seek to change
things, often by allowing mortal criminals to set up
shop in their territories. The types of businesses ducti
look for often put them in conflict with other under-
world organizations ... and the vampires associated
with them. So, like young factions, ducti have to keep
a close watch on things going on in their areas.

While ducti don't deal with all the politics that
Kindred leaders do, they still have to keep an eye on
various pack activities. Rivalries can be strong in Sabbat
packs and even among them, as each pack tries to
expand its influence over finite areas. Ducti also have
to moderate disputes that often happen between gangs,
packs and their members, and hand out punishments.
Good pack leadership handles these problems with
little internal disruption and keeps the pack focused on
dealing with their enemies. Young packs with poor
leadership have a great deal of infighting among the
leaders and often fall apart.

Those packs that do establish themselves in di-
vided cities often announce this to other Sabbat groups
by having a Blood Feast, inviting Cainites from the
surrounding area to see and enjoy the fruits of the new
pack's power. Another more controversial tactic that
new packs sometimes employ is to elect a bishop as
overall leader of the pack. While a single bishop in a
city is not as powerful as an archbishop or council of
bishops, electing one does send a message that at least
a part of the city is now Sabbat domain. A Cainite
elected to be a pack's first bishop usually is a former
leader who's been promoted to ductus or even legiti-
mate investiture, or a priest who has proven herself to
be a champion of the sect. That is, a bishop or arch-
bishop of a distant city might be declared the bishop of
the pack's current domain until such time as that pack
can stand on its own. While promoting Sabbat doctrine
is important, the first bishop also has to be a skilled
administrator and tactician. The problem is that the
sect leaders often don't give such provisional bishops
the Blood Bath ritual needed to confirm their new

Secmuon Two: Tre Troure


status in the sect, so these new bishops aren't recog-
nized by Sabbat outside their own city until they gain
the sect's actual recognition.

A BLESSING AND A CuRSE

Being part of faction is sort of like being Embraced.
You gain the benefit of a more secure environment but
still have to deal with various problems. Most of the
hassles come from outside your area, like the Sabbat and
other groups trying to push you out or destroy your group.
Some issues also come from within. Disgruntled Kindred
leave their factions often, either to join another group, or
they tire of the whole scene and leave the city, perhaps
starting the whole process anew. Blaming their former
leaders for their problems, some stay to make unlife for
their former faction as difficult as possible.

Factions are usually interested in by things happen-
ing in their territory, but they do send scouts out to
ate serious rumors or to follow up on informa-
tion the group has received. Another faction being hit
or taken out entirely is big news, and other groups often
send vampires to investigate. Be warned, though,
"jackal" groups have picked up on this and sometimes
spread rumors of a faction being attacked so they can
pick off those sent to see what happened.

Unlike Camarilla factions, Sabbat packs often be-
come very involved with what's happening outside their
own areas. The Cainites themselves are often the reason
things are taking place. Sabbat packs' nightly activities
include scouting other parts of the city, stalking lone or
refugee Kindred, and hunting for the evening meal. As
a rule, Sabbat gangs and packs are limited only by the
resistance they run into in different parts of the city.
Ducti sometimes become interested in finding out why
resistance is so fierce and send in spies to investigate.

Territory outside Cainite and Kindred domains is a
lethal no-man's-land, where vampires seldom go unless
they really need to evade pursuit. Besides fighting each
other, both Kindred factions and Cainite packs have to
deal with other enemies like independent clans, rival
and more mysterious threats. This doesn't even
take into account internal sect rivalries and groups that
make their own agendas. The point is that playing on
the outside is tense, and you're never quite sure what's
going to happen next. You can relax a little in your
territory, Elysium or haven, but even there you need to
keep an eye out.

PLAvinG Bevonp A FACTION

So now you've done it. It might have taken years, but
you and the motley group of Kindred or Cainites who
formed the enclave or posse with you have grown into a
force to be respected in your city. You have your territory

Vane PLavers Gune

More Notes T0 THE STORYTELLER
From a Storyteller perspective, chronicles on
the outside should be fast, maybe even faster th
your players can deal with at first. Plot ideas abound
on the outside. As this kind of environment gives
Storytellers many options for their chronicles, t
should be careful of their antagonists' power levels,
Except fora rare few exiled wanderers or diabl
not many vampires are going to be low generati
Unlife ina divided city can be more interesting
in a sect-aligned one for many reasons, the most
important being that most factions don't have st
sect infrastructures protecting their areas. In such
circumstances, enemy clans, sects and even speci
can arrive in town and have a chance to establish
themselves before anyone notices.

and can take care of the vampires in your group. Sure, you
still have to deal with the myriad threats facing the undead
and the social order that's grown from your humbl
beginnings. You have to make sure no one's breaking an}
of your rules. But now you don't have to hide anymore
When the Sabbat attack, you turn them back.
Kindred factions sometimes share information with yot
and invite members of your faction to their Elysiums

\,

You've even had envoys from other Camarilla cities come
looking to do business with you.
For Kindred, it's

Ty easy to just keep things as
are, and to be honest many factions do just that. Now
they've "made it," factions sometimes become more con
cerned with holding on to what they have. They see
further expansion as risky and not worth the effort.
question now is how, far do you want to take it? Does yout
faction have the strength to be able to bring the other
Camarilla factions under your leadership? These are in
portant questions that you, the other players and the
Storyteller explore next in your chronicle. Trying to brin
a city fully under the sway of either the Camarilla 0
Sabbat is extremely difficult, but a highly rewarding ston
arc. The first thing you need to realize is that you'll bein
fora very long chronicle, and it's possible your Storyte
won't be interested in creating that long of a story are.
other players also might not want to be involved in such
ahigh-level game, if for no other reason than not wanting
to deal with the amount of grief you are going to encoun
ter. These are some of the things players and the Storyt
need to work out before becoming involved in creating
permanent domain. The most important is who's goingt
get what in terms of position if you succeed.

In that light, has your faction truly made it? 0
have you become what you fled in the first place? ©


PACKS AND
CoOTERIES OUTSIDE
THE NORM

Here is a beguilingdittle problem that all players of
Vampire: The Masquerade inherit simply by choosing
toplay an undead, soulless monster. These creatures, by
their very. nature, are not inclined to just hang around
together in friendly little gangsand go on adventutes to
pass the time away. You, on the other hand, have your
books and your character sheet and your dice and your
brand-new vampire thatYou are itching to bringto your
troupe in anticipation of some mighty fine roleplaying
action. Is it broken, that this game has such a built-in
paradox? A social game meant for showcasing the joint

adventures of a group of creatures'that really wouldn't
be too keen on actually joining @ group? Are we crazy?

Of course not! Look, you're already familiar with
the well-established reasons why vampires would con-
'veniently go against nature for the benefit of your
roleplaying experience. Any Storyteller worth her salt
has already given this consideration when she's searched
for the motivation or philosophy behind the next
Camarilla coterie or Sabbat pack she ineludes in her
chronicle.

The Storyteller probably started her decision-mak-
ing process by choosing from a nurnber of the traditional
clan philosophies or sect-spetific beliefs that tight
explain why a number of solitary vampites Would choose
to band together. These traditional, tried-and-truéréa-
sonscan and do provide a perfectly good basic framework
of ideas both for a Storyteller who is forming the next
coterie or pack-for her players, or the players themselves
trying to understand what would motivate their charac-
ters to leave the safety of their havens and face the risks
of working with, and perhaps even having to trust, other
members of their monstrous, predatory species.

For example, the creation 6f a clan-based coterie
brings with it the benefits of traditional stereotypes and
clan-specific philosophies to serve as the underlying
foundation of the group. A collection of Brujah brings
to mind a coterie of hot-headed toughs claiming a
domain and smashing the skulls of anyone who looks at
them the wrong way. They come together in the inter'
est of pooling their muscle or their political potency,
giving you a very clear sense of how they fit ifito your
story as well as relate to one another. A coterie of any
of the other Camarilla clans would most likely be built

| upon similarly clan-specific agendas and behaviors: It

wouldn't be hard to imagine a group of Toreador
working together to spread their influence throughout
thé local socialites' circles, would it?

From a traditional standpoint, the packs of the
Sabbatare almost easier to create if you follow the most
obvious path. The concept of urban guerrillas held
together through ritual and agreed purpose is a strong
and compelling reason for a group of vampires to form
aipack and work together to achieve theirmutual goals.
They come together through Embrace or coer¢ion, stay
tégetherthrough the power of the Vaulderie, and exist
in violence against anything'that stands' in front of
them. As a group of vampires composed of a certain
clan might have a very elan-specific agenda, a'typical
Sabbat pack-fulfills purpose set down by the‘philoso-
phy and beliefs of theirsect.

You're going to be pretty accurate if you assume that
the bulk of Camarilla coteries aré made up of younger
Kindred coming together for protection orthe pooling of
resources so they can stand half‘a chance in making a
name for themselves in aisociety that remains under the
control of the grearand powerful elders. Likewise, you're
not going to be too off-base by portraying the majority of
Sabbat packs as'gangs to some degree Of religious zealots
united through their arcane and stylized rituals.

To hase your pack or coterie on these standard
motivators certainly provides a quick and easy justifica-
tion for your troupe's characters to check their solitary
natures\at,thé dor and get together for some solid
action and intrigue. But think of what sort of stories
could come from a packor coterie that exists outside of
these norms. Not every Ventrue runs a multinational
conglomerate, right?Well, neither would every coterie
of Ventrue. Do the Kindred of the Camarilla come
together only to defend their domains or fulfill/the
biddings of powerful elders? Little doubt exists that the
typical Sabbat Cainite is a religious soldier first and
foremost and the packs that they belong to exist with
that in mind, but is that it?

You know how much difference it makes when you
painstakingly develop your character concept to make
her as unique and interesting to play as you can.
Imagineall of, the ways that creating a pack or coterie
with a unique or unexpected purpose might challenge
you and your fellow players to stretch the limits of your
roleplaying ability or see the game inaslightly different
light. But be smart about it. Don't come up with some
wacky idea just for the sake of being different. Consider
the characters that you are going to have involved and
make the effort to come up with something that is both
uncommon and effective for the setting and the game.

Secon Two:Tre Troure

137


Or MetHops AND MADNESS

What would be the purpose behind the formation
of any coterie or pack outside of the norm for vampires?
The typical reasons these groups are formed, such as
mutual protection or the consolidation of power, are
well established because they've proven to be effective
and they make sense. Now, keeping in mind just how
rare vampires actually are in any given city, it takes
effort to find other potential pack or coterie members,
let alone ones who have the talents and skills you're
looking for. Seeking out other Kindred also brings with
it an extra element of risk. The usual reasons vampires
have worked together have proven that this risk is
generally worth the reward, but might other circum-
stances bring these solitary creatures together outside
of these logical and well proven reasons?

Tuey Can't DoIrALy

When examining a city withiany sort of substantial
Kindred presence, you can almost bookmark what parts
of mortal society they have their hands in. You.can bet
that some of the police are lining the pockets of the
undead. The mayor, or those close to her, is unwittingly
aware of the plans of vampires and' may count them
among her influences. Many gangs carty out the violent
assaults of beings far more bloodthirsty then they could
ever dream to be. Banks foreclose on' properties they
hardly remember taking an interest in before. Creditors,
lawyers, hospitals, art galleries, occultist groups, gun
runners and dope dealers are by default some of the areas
that naturally invite Kindred interest and manipulation.

Where do the unestablished vampires in a city go
to begin building their accumulation of influences and
make their mark? Everywhere they. turn it's as if they're
trampling across some other Kindred's front lawn. All
the obviously worthwhile areas in mortal society al-
ready seem to belong to someone else.

At least this is how it may seem through the eyes of
the young Kindred struggling to ekesout an existence
during these unfair times: But remember, no matterhow
obviously the city may appear to be under the sway of key
elders or those vampires who are already established
within the city, plenty.of unseen opportunities await the
tight Kindred who is creative enough to recognize them.
Somewhere in the city is an unexploited part of the
mortal world that's been overlooked. Some forgotten ‘or
neglected piece of the daylight society that other undead
have yet to consider, or were just never desperate enough
to have to, is ripe for the plucking if only someone would
take a moment to see it as worthwhile.

The answer depends somewhat on the status of the
vampire in question. Why.would a centuries-old elder

\Vawoe PLavers Guine

138

even bother to consider how a junkyard would be ofa
value to her? She has politicians and police chiels
coming to her parties and an entire street gang only
series of phone calls (and money exchanges) away.
if another vampire has access to the millions rolling
from banking, what would ever make him consi
becoming involved with the vending machine bh
ness? With some maneuvering, elders or established
Kindred can call down entire police' raids on thei
adversaries. Clearly they aren't going to be as interestes
insomething that might seem a bit more risky. But
about you and your status-lacking friends? You guys
don't have enough influence or clout between yoi
selves to get the police chief, or even a lowly beat copy
in your pocket just yet! Why not start considering what
could be gained if you had a meter maid or two answer
ing to you? It may only yield small change at first, b
it's astart, and even the most humble of beginnings ¢
yield some powerful results if you play your cards right:

While itis highly likely thatthe best parts of mortal
society already "belong to".some other members of
city's undead population, starting with a seemingly
small or insignificant area of influence could prove to
be away toslip into power unnoticed through the bai
door, Plenty of regions-remain to influence that
unnoticed or are seen as undesirable by Kindred who
haye set their sights on more impressive and flash
accomplishments. Through their desperation and cre-
ativity, younger Licks might be wise to gather together |
to quietly collect a few favors and exploit such oppor:
tunities while they're still available. Once they havea
few contacts and.a modicum of influence, they'll be
able to start building upon that foundation and prepare
for more serious moves in the future:

BACK TO YourR Roots

Many fledglings are brought into the society of the
Damned because they possess certain abilities their
sires desire. A mortal may have specific knowledge the
sire requires or ability- with skills that catches the
attention of the one who brings him into undeath. For
the majority of vampires, choosing their childer isa
decisién of the most monumental importance.

This is normal practice among the undead, but this
careful selection iscertainly nota reality all of the time:
Mistaken Embraces occur now and then.'Some are
Embraced during an unwitting sire's state of frenzy —or
pangofremorse immediately following one. The Sabbat
Embraces masses of mortals who happen to be in the
wrong place at the wrong time. They couldn't care less |
what the kine do in life or what skills they have to offer.


Asa result, a good number of vampifes once led fairly
foutine, unremarkable, 9-to-5 lives.
_ No matter which end of this spectrum a newly
| Embraced vampire comés»from, they all.eventually
arrive at a similar situation. Once the haziness of
transition recedes and the necessary eriteria for accept-
| ing this new Kindred are met, these individuals have to
| come to terms with what.has happened» Once that
horror subsides.and they begin to integrate themselves
into vampire society, these childer consider what their
 hext step'is going to be. Just because you're out of the
| daytime rat race doesn't mean you.don't have things
j you need to take care'of. Surprise! It really isn't like it
| was presented i in the brochure. You're born;you work,
you're dead ... and then youwork all over again, though
"this time you're working for blood and status instead of
apaycheck and a 401(k).
For those hand-picked by their sires, figuring out
what to do with unlife may be slightly easier to manage.
Asire who sees her new childe as an investment (in one
Way or another) will take an active interest in helping
him through these initial troubles. She may explain
how she dealt with the first attacks of guilt and lend a
supportive shoulder to her progeny. Most sires have
Some sort of a plan for what purpose their childer wi
serve, saving the fledglings the confusing task of mak-
‘ing these dec
By contrast, no such comforts are afforded the
apless victims of unplanned or mass Embraces. If they
‘end up accepted among Kindred society at all, they
tan't expect a whole lot of help being initiated into
their new roles. Their sires, if they know who they are,
probably aren't going to be all that willing to look out
them. They can pretty much forget about being
‘involved in the family business or having a sympathetic
"houlder to cry on. For the most part they're on their
pwn — a fact most will come to learn the hard way.
When left to their own devices in this new, haunt-
‘ing world many of these young vampires tend to return
what they knew in life. They have little support and
otrue experience navigating through the world of the
lead. Lacking a defined purpose, or perhaps search-
for some form of comfort, these fledglings return to
at was familiar to them while alive. Most often thi
omes in the form of a job or business in which they may
ave been employed during their mortal days.
A Kindred may not walk through the front door of
cab company he drove for and punch the time
k, but he might buy ajunker of an old cab and prowl
ound the night streets picking up passengers on his
. For such Kindred, the old routines will at first
iply serve as a means to forget what they've become.

ons themselves.

139

By doing the mundane jobs they had before, they
reconnect with who they were for a short time. It may
provide them with a temporary escape as well as a small
sense of purpose outside of a place they're all too aware
that they don't fit in.

For the creative and ambitious young Kindred, this
return to their previous jobs doesn't have to remain
limited to the role of emotional crutch for long. Entire
packs or coteries that are off the beaten path can spring
up around the mortal job one member held. Those
vampires who return to the tasks of past jobs for solace,
or come to the realization that their old stomping
grounds could come in handy, know the workings and
intricacies of those businesses better then any of their
Kindred fellows. With that insider knowledge they
know just what can be gained from exploiting them and
how can they to make them work in relation to this new
world of nocturnal existence. These smaller, odd groups
of vampires that spring up around many blue-collar
professions tend to baffle elders and more esteemed
Kindred. They never would have considered gaining
sway over the repair shops, ironworks or city couriers,
nor would they have the inside knowledge to under-
stand the prospects anyhow.

The shovelhead cabbie who sees this as an opportu-
nity may Embrace one or two other drivers he knows and
form his own pack. The small-time accountant may open
up an office and take on clients who appreciate his late
hours. Other Kindred of the city may offer to pool their
skills with this individual and draw from the little busi-
ness that's been born. The Kindred who returns to his
mechanic upbringing might find willing partners who
also see the merit in opening an all-night garage. Hey,
even those who can cheat death have car troubles, and
it's not like chop-shopping on the side has regular hours.

New Tactics oF JvHAD

A war of ages is often one of repetition and routine.
Tactics rarely change, and innovations are slow to be
accepted. This doesn't mean that new ideas are never
considered or that new approaches and attack strate-
gies are never looked at. A driven group of Sabbat who
have a radical or unconventional idea for a new form of
warfare might form an entire pack based around this
idea. A coterie of Camarilla Kindred might be drawn
together by a shared interest in a radical or unusual way
to gain influence and power.

A typical Camarilla approach to getting rid of an
adversary is to deal with her from afar. The odd building
is unexpectedly rezoned to make way fora construction
project that doesn't seem to happen; a haven is raided
during the day by DEA agents shutting down yet

Secnion Two: Tie Troure

Vaweire Pavers Gude
140

vested a great deal of interest in the company.
It also puts him very much in the public eye, a
position in which no wise vampire ever truly
wants to find himself.

PREVENTING
INFILTRATION
OR ATTACK

The paranoia in Kindred society forces
many acts to be routine. Vampires in either
sect or even outside of party lines can expect
a city's police force to have vampire ties to it
or the local crime scene to have one of the
undead in the shadows somewhere. These
plants or participants in organizations often
serve as the eyes and the ears of the Kindred
to whom they answer, as well as serve as the
front lines of defense from time to time
While proven to be effective, it's also be-
come predictable. Vampires wishing to break
into these well patrolled spheres of influence
will certainly expect the usual types of pa-
trols and moles. To successfully infiltrate
enemy territory, the antagonists will have to
think outside of the norm if they want a
better chance of success. Likewise, vampires
who hope to be one step ahead of these
creative vampires will do well to have a
presence in similarly advantageous yet un-
conventional organizations and businesses.

The various essays and compositions else-

where in this book are rife with such ideas —
vampiric conspiracies among the local librar-
ies, sect turncoats openly appearing as
turncoats to serve as double- or even triple-
agents. Any unconventional troupe can hide
a coterie of Kindred looking to turn back
enemies with unexpected tactics.

BREAKING THE MOLpsS

If a player or Storyteller wishes to create
an unusual pack or coterie, consider the fol-
lowing elements for a successful creation and
experience.

Purpose

What does this group of vampires do!
Decide if their goals are ones of finance,
influence, territorial defense or straight-out
war. Why are they together? Are all of the
members in it for the good of the cause, or are
they all in it for their individual benefit? How


did they get together? Vampires normally do not go
out looking to make friends — so what unifies them?

FUNCTION

Now that you have an idea on what these
vampires are planning to do, how do they do it?
What job does each one do? How do they strengthen
the group? How do they serve their part in all of
this? How do they complement the others in the
pack or coterie?

MemBerRS

Packs and coteries outside of the norm may draw
the attention of bloodlines that are seldom found
elsewhere. As a contrast, some clans may feel com-
fortable only when working with those of their own
kind. Who makes up your group? How does having a
Samedi in your infiltration coterie disguised as an
after-hours cleaning service work better then having
aNosferatu, or Malkavian? Do particular Disciplines
and philosophies lend themselves to different tasks
more easily than others?

Outside of clan and bloodline, what types of
vampires would work together to maintain the integ-
tity and effectiveness of the coterie in question? Do
the skills the vampires held in their mortal lives
come into play? How about what social arenas they're
able to blend into effectively?

These points are just a few elements to get you
started in creating an unconventional pack or cote-
tie, Take a look at these two examples, applied to
Camarilla coteries as well as Sabbat packs, to see how
these elements can be combined creatively and ef-
fectively.

EXAMPLE ONE:

SecuRItTyv Firm

_ More than your average group of rent-a-cops, a
| pack or coterie of vampires gathered together under
| the guise of a security firm might provide access to all
| manner of sensitive information or desirable loca-
tions with relative ease.

| Purpose: INFILTRATION AND Esprionace
As most businesses hire some sort of security to

watch over their assets or people, the general public
isused to seeing a varying rotation of guards sitting
behind desk and performing general patrols through
an office building night and day. They are the name-
Tess, uniformed people who grant employees and
‘Visitors access during the day and walk the grounds
‘after hours. A Camarilla coterie operating as a secu-
tity firm might infiltrate the ground-level operations

of their elders and access physical files and computer
databases when no one else is around. With access to
shipping records and computer files, they could eas-
ily keep tabs on the progress of all manner of goods
thatare filtered through warehouses as well as see the
true worth of their rival's belongings. Of course, if
you get deep enough in the files, couldn't you also
divert a few funds here or there or find some particu-
larly key bits of information to leak to the media that
might affect the stock performance?

In the hands of the Sabbat, a security firm could
be used to cause serious mayhem for a city they've set
their sites on taking over. Whether they happen to
be hired by an unsuspecting mortal or underbid the
job from a legitimate company, the Sabbat could slip
right into the middle of enemy territory. It would be
extremely advantageous to gather information from
files and computer databases or from the personal e-
mail archives of employees. They can intercept
important shipments as they're offloaded at the pier
or misroute deliveries at critical times. Contents can
be removed or and replaced with anything the Sabbat
desires. Can you imagine the last look on the Torea-
dor primogen's face when he uncrates that priceless
Picasso statue, only to have a half-dozen Sabbat rush
out with Molotoy cocktails and stakes?

FUNCTION

Whether your goals are long- or short-term, a
group of vampires setting up shop as a security firm
will need office staff as well as the actual agents
themselves. The Kindred (or ghouls) manning the
office can provide the "face" of the business and
negotiate their way into getting contracts within the
buildings and organizations that will benefit them
the most. The office is also the place to keep the
brilliant tactician whose slipping Humanity makes
him a less than ideal candidate for working in the
public eye. He can guide the action of the field
operatives from the relative safety of the office free
from the added complication of trying to hide his
bestial nature.

As very few organizations would hire a security
firm only for night jobs, ghouls or mortal dupes will
come in handy to keep up appearances, as well as
provide round-the-clock monitoring of the facility
in charge.

The vampire or ghoul chosen to work his magic
in the public eye needs to have the skill and ability
to blend in seamlessly with the environment he'll be
placed in. The ability to sift through files and pull
out key information is just as important as having the

Sectuon Two: Ti Troure

141


computer skills needed to find evidence to support
the pack's or coterie's goals.

Mempers

Members of most clans would be suitable mem-
bers of a security firm coterie or pack. A familiarity
with modern technology and an ability to operate
within the corporate environment would be more
important factors than one's bloodline. The fact that
security guards are seldom watched over by other
employees and have access to almost anywhere they
want to go makes this a great idea for various Camarilla
Kindred to settle into with long-term goals. They
can work within the city and gather information
slowly and methodically, attracting no attention
and playing their hands long after they've left a
particular job site so as not to arouse suspicion or give
them away.

What if a group of Sabbatdiseovers that one of
the survivors of a mass Embrace was a security guard?
If they realize how his knowledge and prior experi-
ence can offer appealing benefits, they might create
their own pack of guards to infiltrate Camarilla
territory under this seemingly benign and common-
place pretense. A Sabbat pack maybe less likely to
use this scenario on a longer-term basis, s6 the types
of vampires selected for this purpose would have be
able to sustain the ruse only long enough to get in
and get the job done.

ExAMpLe Two:
Tow Truck COMpANY
Sometimes, Kindred need little more reason to

band together than to acquire the most basic needs
for survival. Something as Commonplace and relied
upon as a late-night tow truck company could pro-
vide a pack or coterie of vampires with a hearty
supply of tevenue and sustenance.

PuRpose

Money can be had in the running of a tow tfuck
company after hours — especially if you happen to
have the junkyard and repair shop that go with it.
The majority of callsyou take are people stranded on
the side of the road ready to fork over their credit
cards and cash to be rescued. The city also pays top
dollar to those independent contractors who can tow
cars that need to be impounded. Of course, they
don't know you favor the long route to the garage
along that unused service road, or that they'll be
paying for the tow back into the city with their own
blood. Beyond enhancing the survival and lining the
pockets of its members, this type of coterie would be

seen as an asset to other Kindred in the city. Ifa |
feeding has gone horribly wrong and a vampire hasa |
dire need to eliminate the evidence, he'd be mighty
glad to have an easy means of disposing the body. A
car can be towed and demolished just as easily with
a body in the trunk as without. q
The Sabbat isn't going to pass up easy meals or
easy money either. You mean stranded mortals are
willing to call you and sit pretty and wait for you as
patiently as a lamb in a pen? Wouldn't ivbeunfortu-
nate if a gang of Sabbat hoodlums arrived just a few |
minutes earlier than the tow truck? Don't forget the |
amount of money to be made in by towing higher
end cars and delivering them to the network of
chop-shops or car-theft rings for a few e
On the strategic front, if a Sabbat war party is
planning a late-night raid on an enemy territory, it
can buy itself some time by tying up a key intersec-
tion, bridge or freeway. We've all sat in
bumper-to-bumper traffic waiting for some Mack |
truck or multiple-car accident to be cleared from the
roadway. Such a'tactic could buy'a Sabbat pack some |
much needed time or prevent reinforcements from 1
helping to assist with a counterattack.

FuNCTION "ty

Gearheads! Calling all gearheads! A tow truck'
company is going to'require a lot of hands-on work
suited for mechanically inclined vampires. Not only
will they need to repair and maintain the fleet, but
the'vampireswho actually hit the road to "assist" the |
mortals need to have a working knowledge of the ins |
and outs of motor vehicles. The | mechanically |
apt can handle the money, coordinate the pick-up
and drop-off of stolen vehicles and work the dis
patching. As tow truck drivers aren't usually fo
among the mote'... genteel'members of society, a
stranded motorist isn't going to balk at the site ofa
hairy Gangrel or a grease-smudged Brujah showing
up on the side of the highway — nor are good social
skills necessarily required. Who expects a tow truck
driver to want to have a chatty debate about Chaucer
on thé way back to the garage?

MeMBERS

We're talking urban. We're talking grubby. We're
talking practical, modern, hands-on vampires who
will be capable and interested in this type of work. It's
doubtful a transplanted Tzimisce lord is going to find
much interest in changing the oil ona filthy old truck
or have the experience to even begin to tackle that
messy job. Leave it to the Brujah greaser or the
Malkavian who spent his mortal days as thé reclusive

\Vameixe PLayers Gue

142


inventory parts manager for a small-town auto shop or
/a Toreador who has found fascination in the glitter
and pomp of customizing low-rider cars. Members of
this type of a pack may not be the most politically
driven. Their focus might steer more toward money,
| food and less glamorous favors.

FINAL CONSIDERATIONS

These two examples serve only to steer you in
"the right direction in considering what elements of
‘mortal society could be influenced or infiltrated to
further the goals of the dedicated vampire. How
oddball is oddball? That's up to you to decide what's

fitting for your game and for the goals of the vampires
in your troupe. The concepts can range from the
blue-collar mundane to the elegance of high society,
to something as surreal as a pack of Sabbat clowns
(wouldn't Cirque du Soleil make for a delightfully
harrowing carnival of the undead?).

As long as your form suits your purpose and the
members within are logical participants in the joint
game, let your imagination run wild. Challenge the
conventions and push the envelope as far as you can.
Who knows — that seemingly crackpot idea or
concept might be unexpected enough to put the ball
firmly in your character's court and change the
balance of power in an astoundingly effective way.

Secon Two:Tie Troure

143



There is no conversation more boring than the one where

everybody agrees

— Michel de Montaigne

Over the years I've spent developing Vampire,
One of the most rewarding experiences has been
Getting a firsthand look at the different things the
game means to so many different players. For some
people it's about catharsis and redemption; for oth-
jes it's an exploration of the depths of the human
Psyche through the metaphor of the Kindred. For
Some people it's about trenchcoats and katanas and
shotguns that spew silver slugs hidden in the folds of
their capes. You don't have to have high-art ambi-
tions for your chronicle or character, nor do youhave
fo thrill to high-action chopsocky escapism. For
Pmany players, it's simple entertainment — no more,
fo less.

While my job is to present a focused, cogent and
isonsistent shadow culture through which the vam-
pites parade and skulk, I'm not running or playing in
jourstory. To that end, Vampire: The Masquerade
ia million individual games, each with as much

justification for being as my high-handed dogma set
to print.

That's what this chapter aims to expand. It's a
chance for some of my writers to take concepts that
were near and dear to them regarding the playing of
the game itself. I set up an open call for this chapter
— | grabbed a bunch of names out of my contact
book and said, "Hey! Want some money? Then give
me a single idea that speaks to you most profoundly
when you think of Vampire." The authors responded
with one-line synopses of what they wanted to dis-
cuss, which you'll find explored far more thoroughly
herein. Some writers couldn't avoid going back to
the well and couldn't confine themselves to a single
idea. I think that's great — these people play games
so vigorously that their enthusiasm encouraged them
to submit multiple entries.

Essay sections have always been popular portions
of our guides. Here, then, is a collection of essays
contributed by writers both tried and neophyte.

SecmiON Taree: Essays

145


You'll see some Vampire veterans in here as well as
a few folk who just made the transition from gamer to
contributor. Consider what they have to say =
perhaps it'll encourage you to think critically about
the elements of the storytelling experience you find
fulfilling, too.

A Littte DISCIpLIN
GoesAa LONG WAY

By Christopher Kobar

Watching one's character grow is, of course, oné
of the most enjoyable parts of playing any storytelling
game. Being awarded experience points after a par
ticularly exhilarating story and then realizing all the
things you can quite literally "buy" for your character
with those points can be more fun than a shopping
spree at your favorite store. It goes without saying
that a large proportion of those points are spent
buying new Disciplines and improving those yout
character already has, and this is to be expected
Disciplines are the most useful tools that vampires
possess, and it is certainly understandable that oné
would wish to keep adding to this arsenal with more
and more Disciplines of more and more potency,
Unfortunately, this very pursuit can all too often
result in many of the lesser powers, those granted
with only one or two dots ina given Discipline, being
seen as little more than necessary stepping stones to
greater supernatural might. At best, they may be
viewed as nifty little tricks that every so often have
ause. The problem with this is twofold. First, players
are ignoring or not even aware of the extraordinary
usefulness of even the simplest Disciplines. Second,
players can never truly understand their charactersif
they cannot begin to appreciate the importance of
these powers. Luckily, both these problems can be
overcome and the game and one's character can end
up being that much better for it

Let's look at the second problem first. It is on€
thing to create a new vampire character, assign
Traits and then jump into a story, saying that your
character has been one of the undead for perhaps as
much as a quarter of acentury already. It is altogether
a very different thing to really understand what it
might actually be like to have been a vampire for half
a mortal lifetime. To do this, a player needs ta
recognize that her character did not begin with three
dots in Presence and two in Celerity. On the con
trary, the vampire may have caught on to the trick of
moving at supernatural speed without too much
difficulty, but to have learned the art of Entrance
ment means by necessity that the vampire has already

Gupe

by
al
ot
bi
cc
sc
e¢
fo

re

de
gl
be
ex
of
di
th
se

de

mastered the ability to successfully Awe people and
to use her Dread Gaze whenever it might prove
"useful. Mastery does not mean just knowing how to
use these powers, it means knowing how to use them
in every way possible, to understand how to exploit
these unholy gifts to aid the vampire in hunting,
protecting herself and gaining an advantage over all
| others. The vampire may not always succeed to the
| degree she hoped, but she will know every possible
| application of those powers she has probably been
‘using for decades at the very least. To think that a
vampire learned how to use Awe and then hardly
‘ever used it for anything but making a good impres-
ion on people is silly, for the Discipline has so much
/more potential, potential that any vampire worth
her salt would have discovered and exploited at
every opportunity.
Consider the Protean Discipline. Sure, turn-
ing into mist is pretty useful and shifting into the

form of a bat is kickass, but what about the Eyes of

‘the Beast, the first thing that many Gangrel learn?
‘Seems pretty straightforward, right? Your charac-
‘ter can see in the dark without penalty. Neat, but
‘no big deal. Wrong. Imagine for a moment that
| you, yes you, the player, woke up tomorrow with
‘this one power, the ability to see in total darkness
‘with gleaming red eyes. What could you and would
you now do that you never did or would have been
able to do before? Well, aside from not needing a
flashlight to get up to go to the bathroom in the
middle of the night, here are a few things that
jump to my mind. You could drive in the dark,
which means you can escape pursuers more easily
by turning off your car's lights while making the
all-important getaway. Similarly, you can pursue
others much more easily, whether in an automo-
bile or on foot, regardless of the terrain. But you
could do other fun things. For example, you can
scare the bejesus out of almost anyone with those
eerie glowing eyes. Might seem silly, but let's
forget the game for a moment and think about the
teal world again. Most people, when confronted
with a seemingly normal person whose eyes sud-
denly flare up with a clearly unnatural crimson
‘glow, are not going to handle it too well. Remem-
ber, supernatural and unexplainable things don't
exist in the real world; the overwhelming majority
of the residents of the World of Darkness are no
different and would react the same. This means
that you can frighten people, or at least give them
serious pause. Whether they think you might be a
devil, a freak or a monster of some kind, they'll

probably not want to tangle with you. Those
assholes at the bar who corner you outside to show
you how easily they can screw up your night will
probably get the serious willies when your eyes
start shining like some earthbound demon and
abandon their plans in a few heartbeats. On the
flipside, the same effect can be used to seduce
those who have a secret attraction to the strange
and dangerous. I'll bet you I could start a very
lucrative cult with no other asset than this ability.
Hell, I must be something blessed or cursed with
eyes like that, right?

The "What would you do if you woke up with
Discipline X?" test is a useful way to approach most
low-level Disciplines. How about Shadow Play, the
first dot in Obtenebration? Believe it or not, lighting
is one damned powerful influence on how we view
perceive things and people. How well lighting is
done can make or break a film, and psychologists
have known for ages how it can affect mood and
productivity. Shadow Play means you can not only
manipulate shadows and, thereby, most lighting situ-
ations, but these shadows are wholly unnatural and
can have temperature and a near-textural compo-
nent. Being exposed to these kinds of things can,
without a doubt, result in anything from stark raving
terror to all sorts of perverse sensual abandonment,
depending on the wishes and skill of the shadow
manipulator. If you woke up with this power tomor-
row you could turn every entrance you make into a
room into a cinematic opus lacking only asoundtrack,
supernaturally heightening every aspect of your per-
sona with the most appropriate shadow effects,
making you appear taller, more formidable, more
fearsome, more mysterious and more seductive. Ac-
tively displaying your control of these Abyssal
shadows would mark you as akin to a kind of sorcerer
or hellish fiend. What was that name? Oh yeah,
Prince of Darkness. Heh.

In one of my most enjoyable chronicles one of the
players played a Caitiff who seemed to celebrate
mediocrity. He was physically unappealing, socially
naive and book-smart to the point of annoying; in
essence, a full-bore nerd. Aside from a dot in Auspex,
which he learned moments after his creation, the only
other Discipline he learned was a bit of Necromancy
froma fellow player's character. I was regularly amazed
at the value of Insight, the first dot of the Sepulchre
Path. I thought, okay, you can look into a dead man's
eyes and see the last few seconds of his existence. Soon
the character was seeking out and successfully using
this power on dozens of corpses that played surpris-

Semin Ture: Essays

147


ingly key roles in the chronicle's ongoing mysteries.
Believe it or not, the Caitiff pretty quickly became an
indispensable member of a coterie of relatively skilled
Tremere ancillae, Kindred who had thought the
clanless fledgling was better off dead. The character
— Throckmorton Ulysses Smith, if you can believe it
—also found a host of new ways to use his Heightened
Senses. This is a power that already seems obvious in
its potential, but when the Caitiff (a morgue techni-
cian in his mortal life) began using it to aid his forensic
investigations he was able to make discoveries that
went far beyond what he could ever have learned with
training alone.

Nearly any low-level Discipline can be examined
all over again to find new uses previously never con-
sidered. How about using Command to tell an
important mortal to "stutter" only moments before
giving a public speech? Or "hiccup" at a eulogy? This
may be too much for some, but what about whispering
"urinate" or worse to a powerful mob leader while he
is entertaining some peers at the city's five-star restau-
rant? Malkavians who have been around for any time
would recognize that in a world of strong emotions the
first dot of Dementation, Passions, is a godsend, en-
abling them to heighten or suppress anyone's emotions.
With little effort police can be pushed to their limits
and may end up beating to death a man during a traffic
stop. Similarly, they can be deadened to the point
where they put no energy into investigating a missing
person who has been "collected" by a certain Kindred.
A simple infatuation can be turned into a dangerous
obsession and the smallest appreciation of a joke can
be changed into uproarious laughter and, probably,
friendship. On the other hand, a wife's pleading for-
giveness to her husband for cheating will be for naught
if her passions are squashed to almost nothing. Yes, for
vampires, it truly is simple to play games with mortals;
even for the least skilled of the undead it quickly
becomes second nature to tap into their few, but very
flexible, Disciplines.

A player should also not underestimate the cre-
ativity of other players and the Storyteller in using
low-level Disciplines. A case in point is a certain
13th-generation Baali whelp named Big Lil who had
only a single dot in her bloodline's signature Disci-
pline, Daimoinon. She was one of my Storyteller
characters and an individual of no real power at all,
socially or otherwise. Sense the Sin enabled her to
cast her gaze into the heart of her fellow Kindred and
recognize their fears, weaknesses and failings. As a
Storyteller I had to do nothing but have the bitch
(who posed as a Caitiff) drop very unsettling hints to

\Vawoe Payers Gube

148

the players' characters about these vulnerabilities
while coming off as someone who knew much more,
This one petty pawn succeeded in insulting the char
acters, kidnapping and killing their ghouls, burnin
down one of their havens and threatening them with
direct harm — all without suffering their wrath, for
the characters ultimately convineed themselves
she had to be a vampire of great power merely posi
as a neonate. It is important to recognize that it
not her ability to Sense the Sin that gave her the
advantage she achieved, but rather her (or my) wi
ingness to use it at every conceivable opportunity, not
just now and then. Why wouldn't she? She had noth
ing to lose and everything to gain, and,gain she d

Look at your character sheet and ¢heck out th
one and two-dot Disciplines. Now think of what you
could do with them. Don't be too quick; give it some
time. Spend a day thinking about each one, at hon
at the office, at school, at the mall, on the bus. Think
of all the ways that your day would go differently i
only you possessed Passion, or Command, or Awe, of
Feral Whispers; or any of the other low-level Disct
plines. Once you have done this and (I hope) ha
come up with a host of heretofore unimagined poss
bilities, think of whether your character would fin
similar usefulness using her Disciplines in these ways
Now think about how long your character has been
stalking the night and how long she may have been'
using these Disciplines in these ways. Quite a while,
huh? Yes, she would probably have been doing thes
things for a long time already. Using these Disciplines
this way is not something your character proba
even has to think about anymore; it's become seco
nature, just as natural [sic] as spending blood to healo
increase her Physical Traits. The important thing isto
understand that this is part of what it means to bea
vampire and your character in particular. Use this
newfound insight and you will find the reward i
immediate.

"
ButI Vas Cuust

FOLLOWINK
MeIn CHARACTER
Concept!":

The Gamer Nuremburg Defense and Vampi
The Masquerade

By Greg Stolze

At the end of World War II, some German
soldiers argued, at the Nuremburg war crimes trial

that they were not personally responsible for atroci-
ties they had committed. True, they were the ones

who'd pulled the triggers on unarmed civilians, but
(they said) it was actually their officers who were
guilty. The soldiers/triggermen were innocent be-
cause someone else told them to do it.
This is the so-called Nuremburg defense: It's not
| my faiilt, 1 was just following orders.

The tribunal didn't buy it.
Pers

"The Nuremburg Defense" has become a punch
line; In his novel Thank You For Smoking, Chtisto-
pher Buckley suggests. a "Yuppié Nuremburg Defense"
for America in the Reagan-Bush era: Not my fault, 1
was just paying the mortgage.

The Nuremburg Defense for Gamers is: Not my
‘fault, | was just following my character concept.

We've all seen this, right?

"Dr. Saarkov wouldn't give a crap about rescuing
"those guys»He's a follower of Nietzsche and the Path
of Power and the Inner Voice. If they weren't strong
enough to avoid capture, he's only coddling them if
he helps them escape!"

"Lotus would never go into'the woods at night.
She's terrified because of her ‘experience with the
‘Lupines. Look, the Phobia flaw is.right on my ¢har-
acter sheet!"

Your character concept is.*keeps a low profile,
avoids trouble." Your character'concept is "macho
loner, sticks hismeck out forno one." Yourcharacter
"concept is "devious weasel Who would sell ‘our his
own grandma for two pints,of O negative."

Nothing in the rulés stops you from building
tharacters like this — arguably, the Curmudgeon,
| Bravo and Conniver Natures enéourage. it. From
| your perspectivey they look fun, cool and interesting.
‘To your Storyteller they are landmines in the lawn of
his carefully tended plot, waiting for his riding mower
todetonate them ina painful explosion of bad blood
and ruined stories.

Rather than blow up your Storyteller's chronicle
(which is also your chronicle, and yourfellow gamers'
chronicle), it's important to understand why some
character concepts look sweet on the outside but are
actually toxic, not just to your Storyteller's plans but
‘to the other players as well.

"Half for Self, Half for Others

The flaw in the Nuremburg Defense is that it
‘assumes human beings have no basic level of behav-
jor that they owe one another (such as
"nonmurdering"). In fact, legal and ethical thought
holds that certain decency standards do take prece-
dence over patriotism and authority.

The flaw in the Gamer Nuremberg Defense is
that it assumes your character exists only for your
gratification when, in fact, she's part of a story that
involves everyone else in your gaming group. Gam-
ing is a social activity, and if you want to get in the
game, you have to give to the game.

Maybe you want to play Truck the Combat
Monster, a Brujah whose response to trouble is "use
Potence to follow the path of most resistance." If all
the other players have devious schemers whose best
attacks are harsh language, it's not going to work.
Your character is going to start a lot of fights the
other characters can't survive.

Maybe you want to play a snobby rich Toreador
and the other characters are bestialized Gangrel and
extra-slimy Nosferatu. Maybe you want to play an
angst-ridden neonate who can't cope with his mur-
derous hungers while-the other players just want to
kick some ass and drink some blood. The precise
nature of the conflict doesn't matter; what matters
is, your character doesn't fit.

1 guess what I'm trying to say is that gaming has
no place for individuality. Conformity is bliss' Sub-
mit tothe gestalt! Freedom is a cancer, which must
be SUPPRESSED by ANY MEANS NECESSARY!

Wait, ho, that's not at all what I'm trying to say.

While yourpersonal preferences aren't necessar-
ily bad, they aren'tthe holy grail, either. They're not
precious and inviolate, and if they need to be sacri-
ficed so that the chronicle can work, well, ‘it's a
damned'Shame, but it's better than sacrificing the
game so that you can have your dream character and
NO story.

When you're coming up with a character, it's
fine to start by considering only what you want, what
piques your interest and sounds fun. The next step is
to ask, "How is this character going to be fun for the
other players?" If your character isn't going to con-
tribute, why the hell would they involve their
charaeters with her? Maybe you really want to runa
gangsta-mack Five Percenter who hates Whitey, but
if the other characters are all honky stockbrokers,
what could possibly unify the group?

Traditionally, the answer is, "The Storyteller
bends over backward to provide some barely plau-
sible excuse or necessity." Let's face it, though:
The Storyteller has enough work without laying
20 miles of foad out to your isolated character's
Unabomber shack.

Not only is thata lot of extra effort — usually the
character concepts that require the Storyteller to

Secmon Taree: Essays

149


romance them in aren't worth the effort. Let's
examine some of the most common. The Lone
Wolf character (see page 52) is such a hackneyed
trope that the developer actually budgeted 5,000
words in this book's outline to put it paid. But there
are others.

The Power Broker — Instead of being a dis-
connected Lone Wolf, this gal is overconnected.
She's the icy manipulator who uses everyone as her
pawns, trusting no one and always ready to sell out

a "friend" for temporary advantage.

Fine.

The Power Broker is better than the Lone Wolf
in the short term — she'll help you out so that you
help her out later, or she's setting you up so that she
can sell you out. But eventually she'll be faced with
a deal where selling out her fellow Kindred is too
good to plausibly resist, and after that, why would
they have anything to do with her? She can work
for a while, but the Power Broker in her pure form
has a limited shelf life.

Mastah Slayah — A battle-optimized charac-
ter with little backstory, few social skills and no
interest in the political intricacies of vampire soci-
ety. This character is built to survive fights, which
can (again) be very helpful in the short term. But
Slayahs tend to survive and not prosper. Without
some rudimentary ability (or motivation) to get
along, they become obsolete just like the Lone
Wolf. You maybe invite this guy along when you're
going to shake down a debtor, but you don't want
him sitting next to you in Elysium.

The Creep — The guy with bumped-up Con-
tacts, Investigation, Computer and Obfuscate,
usually Nosferatu, usually has a subterranean lait
that would make your standard D@D party nostal-
gic for the Tomb of Horrors. The Creep is holed up
under the opera house and sees no reason to ven-
ture out when he has ghoul pigeons and sewer rats
to take care of business. The Cr
proxies can contribute to the group, but there's a

ep's patsies and

hidden cost. Either the Storyteller has to split her
attention between the characters who are running
around actually doing stuff and the Creep in his
lair, or she has to face the Creep's player's com-
plaints that his character never gets any attention:

The underlying theme to these (and most)
toxic character concepts is fear of weakness. The
Power Broker doesn't want to be manipulated of
coerced. The Slayah doesn't want to get beat up of
killed. The Creep doesn't want to venture out
where it's risky.

\Vaweire PLavers Guipe

150

e)
te
at

w
n

it
m

Y

te
ti)

fa
th
ed

PAwUHY oes

One of the hard lessons of roleplaying is that it is
not our characters' strengths that make them inter-
esting and fun. It is their weaknesses.

Good stories are built on conflict, full stop. A
character with no weakness can't be conflicted. A
character with no fellows can't have a conflict of
loyalty. A character who's unbeatable ina fight can't
produce real fear. (You did want to play a horror
game, right?) A character with no morals can't face
a difficult ethical decision, because without morals
no decision is difficult.

Cowardly character concepts are limiting. Char-
acters built only to avoid trouble are boring. (Besides,
dying can be a stone groove — check out Christo-
pher Kobar's essay below this one.) Characters with
weaknesses and problems produce good stories be-
cause they come complete with issues to explore and
trials to overcome.

(Here's a little metagame min-max secret: Story-
tellers are reluctant to kill interesting characters
with good plot hooks. If a character doesn't tie in to
the group easily or provide story fodder, I'm not
going to lose much sleep over his Final Death. On
the other hand, if a guy hands me a neonate who
committed diablerie, who's on the run from his sire,
who's on the police's shit list for a crime he didn't
commit as a mortal and whose mom was Embraced by
Setites when he was 10 years old ... hell, I'll fudge
dice rolls all night to keep that guy around. He'll
always be in trouble, but the way he oozes plot
development every time he blinks saves me weeks of
preparation.)

Purifying Your Concept

The bad news is that characters who never fail at
everything are boring. The good news is that chare
ters who are weak at some things and good at others
are interesting — and you can turn a toxic character
into a team player with fairly little effort if you're
willing to think about the needs of the group and the
needs of the Storyteller. Here's how.

Bend. If your character type doesn't fit, change
it. You don't have to throw it away completely, just
moderate or mitigate the parts that produce strain.
You can still have your homey vampire among the
white boys. In fact, the contrast can provide lots of
tension. Just tone down the virulent anti-white sen-
timents.

Or consider our old friend Mastah Slayah. He's
far from useless to the group, and the less combative
they are, the more his stock rises. Now you need to
edit the concept so that they aren't useless to him.

Maybe he'sa transplanted hillbilly who doesn't know
dick about politics — but wants to learn. Now,
instead of an unplayable fish who sees no reason to
get out of water, you have Bram Stoker's A Makeover
Story. He has a direction in which to develop and the
other characters can get him there. Which leads us
tors
Change. Even if your character concept is less
than helpful to the troupe, it's not graven in stone.
How many buddy cop flicks have you seen where the
protagonists start out hating one another but, by the
time they've filled the screen with 60 minutes of
cordite and mayhem, wind up as the best of friends?
That dynamic can fix characters who are otherwise
doomed for long-term play, like the Power Broker
example. Sure, she starts out thinking her coterie-
mates are suckers (so to speak) whom she'll gladly
pimp out when she can get a good rate. But in the
course of play, look for reasons for her to take them
more seriously, come to respect them, rely on them
or even admire them. It's easy to put a bad interpre-
tation on people's actions (especially vampires'
actions), but if you see your fellow characters the way
their players want them seen, a Power Broker's change
of heart can become surprisingly plausible. "Hey,
she rea "maybe people aren't just tools!" (Or
"Maybe violence doesn't always work out well."
"Maybe some things are worth risking my neck for.")

Defy. It may be that your character concept is
only a pain some of the time. In that case, it may
work to simply play against character ... when it
really counts. After all, Han Solo is a cynical merce-
nary for most of Star Wars, but in the end, he finds
something that's more important. To take a more
highbrow example, Hamlet dithers his way through
the first four acts before ganking the king. That's
fine; it would be a pretty lousy play if the ghost said,
"Kill the king!" and Hamlet did it without even
pausing to accidentally kill his girlfriend's dad.

Hamlet, like Han, changed over time — and so
can your vampire. In the end, stories rely on people
who change their world and are changed by it.
Remember that your character concept isn't the be-
all and end-all: It's only the beginning.

DEAD AGAIN

How to Make a Character's Death as Satisfying
as His Unlife

By Christopher Kobar

No matter how many times you tell yourself it's
just a game, a simple repast of pure fantasy, none of
that seems to matter when the dice are cast and, to

Secon Teee: Essays

151


your utter disbelief and shock, the results indicate
that your beloved character, the one you have nur-
tured like a special child, has undeniably met his
Final Death. Of course, this can't possibly be hap-
pening. You've been playing this character for ages
now, ever since that sunny afternoon almost lost in
the mists of time when you first cracked the Vampire
core book and started allocating your dots to the
various Attributes, Abilities and Backgrounds that
made your character the vibrant fount of unlife he
has become. No way is this happening. You look at
the Storyteller, sure beyond a doubt that despite the
numbers on the dice no way will she allow your
character to expire now, especially when you were so
close to that next dot in Protean. And without your
character, who's going to be able to reveal the prince's
dark secret to the Brujah primogen? I mean really,
that would ruin the Storyteller's whole chronicle,
wouldn't it? Surely she plans to fudge the results a bit
and come up with some last-ditch "saving throw,"
some cosmic deus ex machina that will pull your well
worn Kindred out of the proverbial fire once again.
Seriously, no one is really going to expect the whole
game to stop so you can roll up a new character,
right? Um, right?

Wrong. Sometimes characters die. Believe it or
not, that's part and parcel of the whole storytelling
experience. You create a character, he faces myriad
obstacles and dangers that pose fatal risks, and most
of the time your character overcomes these hurdles
to fight another night. Most of the time. Many times
the night (or day) comes when that final bit of luck
runs out. The dice aren't being cooperative and no
Willpower points are left that can be spent. Now it's
up to the Storyteller, and, truth be told, for the
Storyteller, allowing the character's predatory unlife
to end is often the best of all possible choices. For one
thing, the Storyteller doesn't want to set a bad
precedent. She also wants to be as fair as possible to
all the players, and finding excuses for one character
might put her in a tough spot when the next charac-
ter is hanging by a thread. Never meting out this
final justice when called for can also diminish the
danger associated with all other threats in the game,
reducing the overall level of drama. Finally, it just
might be time for the character to go.

I know, this is not fun. But let's stop for a
moment and think about this. Would Braveheart
have been better if William Wallace had not been
killed and he just kept fighting the English in sequel
after sequel with his painted, woolly hordes? What
about Boromir in The Lord of the Rings? Or, dare I say

\Vawore Players Gupe

152

it, how good would the novel Dracula have been if
the rascally old count had not ultimately been d
feated by his hunters? (For amoment, let's fot
about the untold number of film sequels that ret
to accept this fitting end to a great novel.) The truth
is that many great works of drama are great in part
because one of the main characters did die,
because death was always outfoxed. This is an essen-
tial fact that is used again and again by writers t
bring added drama to their work. While the leas
skilled authors use it as nothing more than a plot
device (or worse, because they couldn't think
anything better to do with the character), the bes
writers turn a character's death into a.stitring com
ment, an unforgettable tribute and even a dramati¢
climax that changes all the other characters forever,
A Vampire Storyteller is not necessarily any differ
ent, and the best of the lot always strive to craft the
most dramaticallyenjoyable tales. It would be absurd
and unfair to deny a talented Storyteller this invalt-
able dramatic tool just because it is not fun to be on on
the receiving end. \
Death is a powerful presence in any Vampi
chronicle. The Kindred deal out death so often tl
for many it lc ny moral impact, as reflected by the
game's central struggle with Humanity and the Be:
Vampires may kill to feed, to settle scores and to just
take care of business, as it were. The consequence is
that death almost becomes a character itself, a clo
ing and somber entity that not only cannot be ignore
but one that haunts the cast of more traditional
characters for the duration of their journey, whether
physical, emotional or spiritual. A good Storyteller
will keep death only a hair's breadth from the play:
ers' characters, like an unwanted shadow they can
never escape, always ready to claim its next victi
courtesy of the hungry player character. But death
can be more visceral, too. It can await the vampi
like a dark lover, always whispering its charnel siren
song as the sun rises each morning, as a Lupine howls
in the hills beyond the city and as the Beast rises
inside. Death is everywhere in a Vampire chronick
and it would be foolish for any player to cling to thé
false hope that the reaper is not also waiting t
snatch his character should the opportunity present
itself. Very few vampires truly survive forever; they
are cursed fiends and every curse comes due in time,
Caine's Curse is no different and when the tin
comes to pay its tithe, no amount of Willpower o
begging on the part of the player should suffice to
escape the cold hand of fate.


Okay, so what can you, as a player, do about this?
The short answer is nothing, really. Just buck up,
accept the likelihood of your precious character's
demise and start imagining how much cooler your
next character will be. Don't bitch and whine to the
Storytéller and ‘please, please, do not offer bribes.
Justsuck itin and move on. Not good enough? Okay,
how about the longer answer?

What if your character's destruction is not just a
sad flukewith little impact? What if your character's
final moments are so memorable and important that
they.change the entire chronicle? What if the other
players are left marveling at the dramatic climax and
quite'literally want to-applaud your character's last
scene? What if the event is the one thing that comes
to define the entire chronicle more than anything
else? No, this won't bring your character back from
the grave, but it. caf turn an unexpected and painful
‘loss into @ triumph that will become the:stuff of
legend, the story that is retold countless times ‘as
something worth remembering. As the Kurgan in
Highlander said, "It's better.to burn out than fade
| away." Truer words could not have been spoken.

The first thing youcan do to make your character's
otential future destruction €pic is'to talk to your
Storyteller. It may come asa shock, but a good
Storyteller doesn't look forward'to seeing characters
meet their ends, even when it might be part of the
planned storyline. Storytellers like to, watch charac-
"ters grow as muchas the players do, andthe best
| played characters can provide a Storyteller the kind
| of entertainment that justifies all the hard work put
into creating the chronicle and running the game.
| Most Storytellers also do their utmost to ensure that
| ifdeath does come a-calling, the character's fate will
not be left solely to a crapshoot. Sure, ivmight be the
dice that finally spell doom, but a good Storyteller
makes sure that it does not come to that unless the
| player was first given a choice, one that might' pro-
! vide a way to avoid destruction. This is the real
difference between a chronicle being a purposeful bit
of dramatic artistry and little more than bately con-
trolled chaos. Discuss this with your Storyteller to
make sure that she is on the same page and aims to
"create the former kind of chronicle, rather than the
"latter. Free choice does not mean thattetrible things
will be avoided, but it does mean that Should doom
"Tear its ugly head, you will at least understand that it
was a risk you willingly took, and that will help to
| make it seem fairer, no matter how unfortunate it

153

The third thing is to remember the old adage
that those who have truly lived have no fear of death.
In Vampire this means that you should always seek
to put your character at the forefront of the drama as
areal mover and shaker rather than as someone who
only reacts to situations. The loss of any character
that makes things happen in a story always has a
dramatic impact, no matter the circumstances of
that loss. If your character is someone who initiates
new subplots, seizes opportunities and pushes the
story to its limits, then not only will you be helping
the Storyteller in making the entire chronicle amore
memorable one, your character will become a light-
ning rod for drama. This might mean that it will be
harder to avoid dangeras it will actually be drawn to
the character, butit also means that each of your
character's successes and failures will be that much
more powerful for'éveryone else. Should your char-
acter find himself in dire straits and the clock has
finally run out, at least it won't be something that
goes unnoticed. Plots will be shaken and characters
will be left scrambling to deal with the loss. Secrets
will be revealed.and the domino effect will.cause
ripples throughout thewhole chronicle, in ways that
no one, not even the Storyteller, might have pre-
dicted. Believe mé, this is fun stuff, for the Storyteller
as.muchas for the players. The character who always
sat back on her haunches and was more of a follower
thana dynamic figure will be unlikely to cause much
upheaval upon her own death.

One.way to better ensure that your character's
death will be impossible to forget is to arrange things
ahead of time such that should the worst happen,
certain events will be set in motion according to a
preconceived plan, A character in. one of my
chronicles was a certain Samedi who had spent half
a century delicately applying his hideous arts to a
significant number of corpses in local cemeteries. A
few slick dealS with certain other Kindred and a
cotiple of forged documentsstored in secret were also
part of his preparations. Ultimately, if he were de-
stroyed, the event would set inmotion a series of
personal catastrophes for-the city's most powerful
Kindred. Worse yet, his Final Death would finally
result in' the awakening of hundreds of shambling
Corpses that would rise from their graves and seek the
destruction of the local prince, clearly causing enough
trouble to keep the city's Kindred hard-pressed to
preserve the Masquerade and their own cold hides.
This was a bit of overkill, but it illustrates the kinds
of things possible. Even a simple arrangement that
exposes a few dirty secrets could upset the power
balance and throw the entire city's vampire popula-

Section Taree: Essays

tion into a frenzy of political and physical
backstabbing. Sure, the player's character is no more,
but c'mon, wouldn't it be fun to watch the mayhem
that resulted?

Another way to elevate your character's Final
Death is to turn those final moments into a personal
triumph that focuses on the game's theme of per-
sonal horror. The idea here is to take whatever time
is left to the character (if any) and to put everything
the character has not into saving his ass or getting a
bit of revenge, but into proving to himself, if to no
one else, that despite the Curse of Caine he is not a
monster. Let the character try in one last-ditch effort

to reclaim his humanity, his soul, and die free of

damnation. I'm not suggesting that the vampire
become mortal again or anything so outrageous, but
even a change of heart can speak volumes and add a
very noble and meaningful end to an unlife of trag-
edy and bloodshed. Does the character truly love a
mortal? Let him proclaim it now. Does he feel re-
morse for his many crimes? Let him confess it in the
face of death. Has he been holding some Earth-
shattering secret? Have him reveal it. It might not
achieve anything in game terms, but these kinds of
acts can be freeing, allowing you, as a player, to let
your character go, knowing that perhaps there may
be such a thing as redemption and salvation.

A character's death is an end, of course, but it is
also a beginning. Unless that is the last time you will
play the game, you will have another character soon,
one with all new adventures and tales to tell. But
your new character, from the moment of his incep-
tion, also faces Final Death. Whether he will be
forced to confront it or not may not be left up to you.
How he faces it and what it will mean for that
character and for the rest of the characters and the
whole chronicle can be yours to decide. I suggest not
letting that opportunity pass you by.

THe CALL OF THE BLOOD
By Aaron Rosenberg

So you're a vampire. A creature who feeds on the
blood of others, who stalks the night, prowling for
victims. That's great.

How the hell do you get into character?

In most games, you have something in common
with your character. You're a science geek, he's a
scientist. You're a gun enthusiast, he's a secret agent.
But what do you have in common with a vampire?
She doesn't even breathe. So how can you really feel
that you're part of this character, how can you make
it your own?

\Vawerre Pavers Guipe

154

Well, you do have something in common, act!
ally. You both eat to survive. Sure, you eat hamburger
and pizza and chow mein and she drinks blood.
it's still food, and without such sustenance both 9
you will perish.

But you're playing a character who drinks people'
blood to survive. How weird is that? It's not like you
can call your local blood bank and order a pint of AB
negative to go, either. You have to hunt for youit
food, and then you have to devour it, usually live:
Definitely not a character for the squeamish. Hayiny
some trouble getting used to the concept, or makit
it feel real? Try remembering the last time you weté
really hungry. | mean really hungry — not just peckish
or nibbly, but that time you forgot to eat for two days
and your stomach felt like it was going to rip ti
through your flesh and start grabbing passers-by
Remember that? The light-headedness, the sha
hands, the sharp pangs that almost doubled you over!
The way your tongue felt thick in your mouth, a
your saliva flowed at the mere mention of food? Th
way the smell of bread baking or donuts could
you dizzy? Focus on that hunger. That's what vam
pires feel every time they need to feed. It's a
physical addiction for them — the blood is wha
keeps them vital. Without their fix, their bodies will
lock up, cease functioning and return to the death
they are merely forestalling. But that won't happen
easily. It's not like a vampire who hates his existena
can simply refuse to drink and die quietly.
instinct to survive is strong, stronger in them thanit
is in us. After all, they've survived death itself. Even
if a vampire consciously decides not to eat, his body
will still hunger, and eventually its reflexes will take
over. That's something you may have experien
yourself, to a lesser degree. Someone brings a box of
donuts to the game and sets them on the table to
share. You know you shouldn't have one, but you
find your hand reaching out and grabbing one any
way. That's instinct, and the vampire's reflexive
attack is much the same thing, just more intensea
more dangerous (though perhaps the jelly doni
won't agree).

In other words, you can think of your character's
appetite in one of two ways. Either your vampité
feeds reflexively or does so consciously. If it's the
former, you don't have to worry about it too mu
The vampire's body takes control when it's hungry
and goes after its meals — no thought necessary.
Beast takes over. Whether the vampire blacks out
and wakes up afterward to find his mouth bloodya
his hunger sated or stays conscious but passive the

entire time like a passenger on a roller coaster is up
to you. Of course, you'll need to decide how your
character feels about these feeding frenzies. Does he
simply accept them as an unavoidable price for con-
tinued existence and do his best to ignore them?
Does he bemoan them and hate the fact that his body
tefuses to quit? Or does he keep trying to ameliorate

them — placing himself in the middle of a farm, for
example, so that he feeds only on cattle, or breaking
into a prison so that only criminals die at his hands?
It's up to you how much control your character has
over his hunger. The longer he waits before feeding,
the more likely his system will take control and leave
him to reap the consequences. Whatever the case,
you'll probably be watching that Self-Control dwindle
away, and Humanity will likely follow.

Some vampires don't wait until their bodies
teact. They take the initiative and feed willing
that's what your character is like, you need to think
about his thought processes. How can he accept the
notion that others must die for him to live? Does he
tefuse to kill, and only take a little blood from each
victim? That may reduce the guilt, but it takes a lot

longer to be sated and increases the risk of being
caught or interrupted while feeding, as well as in-
creasing the frequency with which he'll have to feed.
Does he feed only on certain types of people, or on
animals? Some vampires are picky eaters. They'll
take only cops, or redheads, or college students, or
whatever their victim of choice is. Others will attack
anyone. These creatures may seem more save
they're simply being practical. Blood is blood

all, and the sooner they feed the sooner they can get
past the hunger and get on with their other activi-
ties.

If your character feeds willingly, ask yourself
about his dining habits. Just as some people insist on
using a fork and knife, and others will eat only on
paper plates, vampires have peculiarities and prefer-
ences for their food. Does your vampire need the
chase to work up an appetite? Does he prefer to strike
suddenly, in the hopes of causing as little fear and
pain as possible? Does he feed only upon the home-
less and the crazy, people no one will believe when
they tell their tale? Does your character have
ticular alleys he prefers for his haunts, certain clubs

Secon Tiree: Essays

155


he likes to select food from, certain times of night he
is more inclined to dine? Some vampires like to sup
early, to avoid the rush. Others prefer to feed later,
after they've had time to really get hungry. Some
want time and privacy to enjoy their meals, while
others like to eat on the run. Does all this sound
familiar? Of course it does — you and your friends are
just like this, only with real food instead of fresh, hot
blood.

That's another issue, of course. When you order
food, it's not something you were speaking to an hour
ago. Even if you go to a seafood restaurant and order
the lobster, and point out which lobster you want
from the tank, you didn't have a conversation with it
about movies recently or give it directions to the
nearest bank. Vampires, except for the truly an-
guished and moral, feed on human beings. People,
just like us. A vampire can carry on a conversation
with a person one minute and feast on his vitae the
next. That's a bit odd. Think about it — imagine all
of your friends, everyone you see, is a Big Mac ora T-
bone or a plate of pasta. Every single person you
encounter is a potential meal, just waiting to be
bitten. That's how vampires are: The people around
them are all food sources. Picture having a chat with
a sandwich while you're hungry. You're talking,
you're laughing, you're telling a joke, and suddenly
your teeth are biting into it. It's no wonder some
vampires can't bear to be conscious while feeding.
They don't want to think about things like that, or
remember the look on the waitress' face when the
fangs sank into her neck.

How do vampires view people? Are they just
Happy Meals with legs? Steaks who come when
they're called? Or is there more to it? There's more,
of course, Steaks don't talk. They can't root for sports
teams, or buy new cars, or go to the museum. They
aren't going to pick a fight with you for talking
during a film or for insulting their girl, andthey can't
lend you a dollar to tip the valet. More importantly,
steaks can't beg you not to kill andveat them. Some
vampires have no problems with that it's a food
chain, and théy're on top, so they eat mortals, just as
people eat cows. A few even enjoy the irony, as most
mortals think they're at the top, that nothing eats
them, and the vampires prove that wrong. You strike
a little terror into the hearts of men, remind them of
their place, teach them humility and the value of
survival, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. Even
if some of them have to die so the rest can learn it.

Other vampires are less sanguine with the no-
tion and with their own actions. They were once

Vani Pavers Guipe

156

mortal themselves, after all, and now they're feedi
on mortals. That's hard to accept. Especially sinet
vampires still look, dress, sound and act basically
human. They still speak the same languages, still
wear blue jeans or dress pants and sneakers or boots
still watch movies and television. It's almost like
cannibalism, though not quite.

So how can you tolerate it? How can you accept
what your character does? It's a matter of survival,
Cannibals are often so out of necessity, not out of.
choice — they eat to survive, and if the only source
of food is other people then they eat those other
people. That's just the way the world works. Vam-
pires need blood to survive, and human blood is the'
most potent, so they drink from mortals. It's nota]
question of "Well, | could drink grape juice, orange
juice or blood and get the same protein. I think I'llgo
for blood tonight." Without the blood, your charac
ter will cease to exist. And yes, vampires are selfish.
creatures. People are selfish, and vampires are an
extension of us, so of course they're selfish. You have'
to be at least a little selfish to stay alive. Vampires are |
just better at it, as they've stripped away a lot of our
needs, and so they can concentrate more fully on the.
handful that remains. Food is one of those, perhaps
the primary one, and vampires are well suited to hui
for, find and consume their particular sustenance.

Does that mean you shouldn't feel strange talk
ing to people? No, you probably should. After all,
those same people might be your dinner tomorrow,
or next week, or even tonight. Of course, some.
vampires enjoy that. They look for particular people
to consume. For some, it's a twisted_type*6f public }
service — they find afihoyingy Obnoxious people and
feed on themeIt'S the vampire equivalent of the
Gene Police; they're thinning the herd anyway, so.
they might as well take out the undesirables. Others
are the Opposite. They feed on those they find ap-]
pealing. Thissisth@'way cannibalism works, too. In]
some situations the first person killed is the one no-
one likes, since he'll be missed the least. In other
places, particularly when cannibalism is performed
by warriors after a successful combat, people are}
killed and eaten so that their traits can be absorbed ]
by the people eating. Thus a mighty warriot(ora
powerful animal who led warriors ona difficult hunt)
is devoured:to-gainvhisstréngth and skill, while an
attractive person might be consumed to gain his
charisma and appeal to the opposite sex. Vampires,
can take after either type: Youjdecide whether your
character is more likely to feed on thoséhe admires
or those he despises. A large part of that reflects back

Snes em ea

to how he views sustenance. Is the act of feeding
something he enjoys, something he takes pleasure in,
orsomething he finds abhorrent but necessary? Feed-
ing on the unlikable is a formof penance, really, a
type of restitution, rationalized by the notion that "If
Thaye to eat people to survive, the léast Ican do is
kill and eat those who make the world anpuglier
place." Feeding on the admirable is for those who
enjoy their meal and want the most enticing food
possible, the vampiric equivalent of gourmets.

Remember, too, that some vampires need more
than the blood alone to be fully sated. For s6me, the
blood must be given willingly, by people who know
what the vampire is and what he will do to them, and
who accept that without reseryation. That -helps
reduce the guilt, of course, in that the ‘food offers
itself freely, so you cannot be blamed for,aécepting.
Italso makes the meal more palatable, as mentioned
above. These people are probably ones your charae-
ter likes and finds admirable, and so)their blood:is
desirable, plus,their generosity makes them»(and it)
even more appealing. Other vampires are the re-
verse. They take blood only by force and against the
person's will. For these vampires, it's all about.the
pain and anguish they cause; and the fear in their
victim's eyes right -before*they die, Why, is.that?
Well, some vampires are nasty and vicious and enjoy
Causing pain. They figure that, if they. must devour
like beasts, they might as well relish the role and
become a beast in full. Others are more self-loathing
and use the fear to prove themselves monsterswBy
killing so cruelly, they are confirming their own
worst fears about themselves and can hate them-
selves more fully. For these vampires, blood freely
offered is an insult. It throws them off, forcingthem
into the role of the welcome guest rather than that of
the vicious thief, and prevents them ftom being in
control and at the same' time at the mercy,of their
baser instincts. Vicious dogs teact the same way

hen offered a steak; they don't know how to take
that, because they're used to taking things by force
and now something is offered to them instead. It's
disarming, and that'can anger them even more be-
cause it throws their perspective off.

How do you decide, then, what your vampire
character is like about the blood he needs? Does he
love to feed or hate it, sup consciously or reflexively,
go after particular people or random ones? Does he
look for admirable traits or repulsive ones in his
vessels, and does he take by force or only when
offered? All of these are up to you, unless something
in your character's background requires a particular

element and attitude. Think about the type of char-
acter youwantto play. Is he an enlightened Kindred,
trying to overcome the limitations and needs of his
curse} Such a creature might seek to remove all anger
and violence from the feeding process, to make it
moré:careful and less painful for all concerned. Per-
haps your character delights in his newfound strength
and vigorand séeks to terrorize people as revenge for
years of humiliation? These vampires generally hunt
their prey, letting them feel the fear and hopeles:

nessbefore they strike. How does your character
view people? Are they simply meals on.legs, or are
they all proto-vampires?Are people painful remind-
ets of the past, or comforting-compahions who can
help the character forget his new nature for a time?
Let all of these pieces guide you — combine them
and: you'll find a feeding method that suits your
character, both what he was.and what he has be-
come, how he views people and what he thinks of
himself. Just remember two things. First, there is no
wrong answer. Sometimes characters react in ways
you would never expect, because deep down they are
hiding insecuritiesor desires even from themselves.
And see6nd, no matter what you decide, feeding is
inevitable. The call of the blood cannot be ignored.

REBELS WITH A CAUSE

By Christopher Kobar

Bear in mind that it's as much the'player's responsi-
bility to find a motivation for her character as it is the
Storyteller' s.

TheStorytellercreatesa wonderfullymoody chronicle
set in an eerie desert town if New Mexico, one with creepy
old mission churches and Indian burial grounds in the
middle of a nuclear test range. The chronicle, fittingly
titled "Whispers of the Anasazi," is driven by one major
plotline thatbegins with an unnerving mystery: the city's
Kindred have vanished without a trace. The characters
will be neonates who have been asked by their elders to
investigate the disappearance and to reclaim and hold the
city against any enemies of the Camarilla who might be
responsible. The Storyteller feels that the instructions
from the elders and the threat of unseen foes are enough to
motivate the characters to work together toward a com-
mon purpose, and sohe gathers his players togetherand has
them create their characters. The players are given a good
bit of freedom in doing so, as long as they are all Camarilla
neonates. Finally, the chronicle begins and the Storyteller
can'thelp but be excited about the drama ahead. Unfortu-
nately, the excitement is short-lived.

Soon after establishing themselves in town, the char-
acters largely lose interest in their calling and take to

SecTION Taree: Essavs

157


pursuing private agendas that have nothing to do with
their greater purpose. The Toreador wants to build a herd
among the local club-goers, the Ventrue seeks influence
over the mayor and his bank accounts, and the Caitiff
spends his time robbing small businesses of petty cash. The
Gangrel decides it's more appealing to explore the foothills
miles away, and the Malkavian wastes no time being
institutionalized. Suddenly, the Storyteller finds himself
trying toruna half-dozen mini-chronicles, a task that isnot
only impossible but wholly undesirable. Hoping to resolve
the situation, the Storyteller has the elder Camarilla
vampires increase their pressure on the neonates for an
answer to the mystery. He also decides to introduce the
Sabbat pack and their dreadful leader into the story ahead
of schedule, believing that nothing brings people together
like a common enemy. To some extent it works, but only
partly. In fact, some of the characters choose to let their
comrades face danger alone, preferring to use them to wear
down their foes and save their own skins. When the
Storyteller asks the players why their characters are not
working together, they each have an excuse along the lines
of, "Well, my characters is more interested in X and not Y
and it is not in his nature to risk his unlife for the others.
It just doesn't make sense for him to do that." In the end,
the Storyteller finally decides to pull the plug. Not only is
the chronicle no longer manageable, it is no longer the

chronicle that the Storytellerhad worked so hard to create.

So the chronicle ends and no one is able to enjoy the story
at all.

What did the Storyteller do wrong? He created agood
chronicle idea, complete with themes and a dramatically
compelling storyline. He created inspired and appropriate
antagonists, from the powerful elders to the Sabbat war
party. And he madesure that the players created characters
whoshouldbe able to work together ina believable fashion,
while giving the players enough freedom to create charae-
ters they really liked. So where did the Storyteller fail? Was
he simply a bad Storyteller, unable to handle the unique
challenges ofagame like Vampire? Oris it possible thatthe
Storyteller did nothing wrong at all, that the fault lies nat
with him, but with the players for not taking the respon-
sibility to help the Storyteller by finding appropriate
motivations for their characters, motivations that would
have kept the coterie together instead of seen it fracture
into a passel of uninvolved individuals?

a shock to many players, but no rule,
, even begins to suggest that it is the

It may come
written or otherw
sole responsibility of the Storyteller to create and maintain
appropriate character motivations. On the contrary, the
best chronicles are the ones in which the players them
selves actively work with the Storyteller to continually
ensure that their characters are properly motivated to work
together. Certainly, some explanations for why a character

Vawore Pavers Gue
158

an aa me

ay
hi
al

fo

In

ex
pr
wi
th

co

ismotivated one way oranotherwill require the Storyteller's
approval, but what good Storyteller wouldn't welcome a
| player's help in making her character more viable in a way
| that strengthens the whole troupe?
The Storyteller System already has its Golden Rule.
| Tdlike to take the opportunity here to add a new rule, the
Silver Rule: It is the responsibility of every player to
continuously work with her Storyteller to create and
maintain appropriate and compelling motivations for her
character to actively work in a cooperative fashion with
| the other characters.
Let's examine this Silver Rule and see what we're
talkingabout here. First, it's every player's responsibility to
find motivations. That is, it's not just the responsibility of
| some of the players or those who are the most inclined to
contribute to the story. Every player has a unique charac-
ter, so every player needs to ensure that her own character
has the proper motivations. Especially in larger troupes,
this is very important. During character creation or soon
afterward, many Storytellers will assign each character one

| or more such motivations, at least one of which will be
aimed at bringing and keeping the characters together.
This initial motivation can easily fall by the wayside in
; favor of other, newer motivations, howe:

It's the job of
| every player, then, not to let this happen. Ifitshould, then
| the players must create a new motivation that will work as
} well or better at justifying why the characters should work
togethe
The motivation must be both appropriate and com-
| felling. In part, this means that the Storyteller must
approve any such motivation, notonly toensure that it will
| have the desired result of keeping the coterie together, but
also to ensure that it is a good fit for what he has in mind
for the character, the story and the chronicle itself. A
player whose character is secretly motivated to hustle for
| the Sabbat in exchange for power might argue that the
other characters are the perfect tools to help her diablerist
achieve her goal, which in turn means her character will
work with them. This is unlikely to be a very good excuse
in the eyes of many Storytellers, who can easily see the
inherent future problemsofsucha motivation inaCamarilla
| chronicle. The motivation should also not be an attempt
fogain some free benefit, as in, for example, claiming that
the character wants to work with the coterie because he
has been ordered to do so by his secret mentor among the
Inner Circle. In order for the motivation to be compelling,
it should be a powerful enough carrot or stick so that,
except in the rarest of instances, it will have a higher
priority than most other motivations, personal or other-
wise. Certainly, exceptions always occur, but in general
the reason for the character to work together with the
| coterie should be a strong one, the kind that's difficult to

argue against. It's not enough to say that your character
hangs with the Casino Royale coterie because its members
are cool and nobody else likes him. On the other hand, if
itsmembers have promised to teach hima new Discipline,
have already saved his ass once from an overzealous
scourge and let him share their hunting ground in a city
with few good feeding prospects, the motivation to join the
coterie and stick with it through thick and thin is a
powerful one.

The chosen motivation should also compel the char-
acter to actively cooperate with the rest of the characters,
not just go along for the ride, as it were. What this means
isthataplayercan'tsimply say, "Okay, sure, my ancilla will
help you guys out again." The players should always be able
to read into their motivations and see new reasons every
night for why their characters are willing to help the rest
of the group. This doesn't mean some kind of magical geas
(though there could be ...) forcing the characters to be
cooperative. Quite the opposite, in fact. Only if the
motivation makes sense can it truly work in both the short
and the long term. Ifa player doesn't feel that a motivation
is appropriate for her character, she will constantly work
against it, trying to find excuses why it isn't as compelling
as it was intended to be.

Despite the neatness of this Silver Rule, all the words
in the world can't resolve the greatest threat to character
cooperation in any storytelling game, which is simply the
conception each player has of her character. Roleplaying
is popular because those who play are given the tools and
setting in which they can quite literally be and do anything
at all. In a traditional fantasy setting, characters typically
gallivant about the medieval-inflected countryside bat-
tling monsters and trudging through forgotten dungeons
in search of chests of gold and magic artifacts. The charac-
ters all know from the get-go that they will be a team
seeking adventure together and that they will likely have
a hard time surviving without each other's unequivocal
support. Vampire: The Masquerade is not so straightfor-
ward, however. Whether Sabbat, Camarilla oranarch, the
characters are creatures that by their very nature are forced
into sunless existences of predatory, parasitic paranoia.
They might be half-mad and utterly inhuman, caring only
about ancient myths or where they will get their next fix
ofwarm blood. Some spend theirunlivesseekingmonetary
fortunes as a hedge against a bleak future, while others
throw their energies into a morbid and sadistic game of
social warfare that has no end. Those who play Vampire
welcome the challenge of facing personal horror and of
trying to find some way to bring purpose to their eternal
struggle against the hunger and the Beast.

Using the inherent nature of vampires as an excuse for
not being motivated to cooperate with other player char-

Section Tiree: Essays

159


acters is a cop-out. So is arguing that your character is a
Loner or a Rebel or has some other nonsocial Nature.
Saying that your character has a derangement or Flaw that
somehow keeps him from being part of a group is also
inexcusable, and Storytellers are advised to disallow any
such Trait that might contribute to the problem of nonco-
operation. Players should stop thinking of having to work
as part of a coterie, pack or other group as some sort of thing
that is bad, wrong or just plain unacceptable. They must
think of teamwork as not only a viable way for vampires to
exist, but also as the only way for a successful chronicle to
exist, hence the only real option in the end if they are to
have any fun at all.

Finally, if some players just can't grasp the teamwork
thing despite all the motivations they and their Storyteller
have worked out, they can take some small comfort in
remembering that most stories, whether on film, ina book
or played out around a table covered with Vampire books,
highlight only the most dramatic plot points. In most
chronicles, it should be understood that the parts actually
played might represent only a small portion of the things
that occur in the characters' unlives. The rest of the time
they are off on their own or with their retainers, etc.,
pursuing private agendas and interests. Seen in this light,
it should be fairly easy to imagine enough reasons for why
every nowand then the character chooses to associate with
and assist some of the other local Kindred.

None of this means that the Storyteller is let
off the hook. No matter how you slice it, the
Storyteller will still bear the greatest burden in
keeping the story moving along and the characters
together throughout. It is as much the players'
responsibility, however, one they should not only
accept without reservation, but one they should
enjoy and see as simply another facet of their
characters! personalities.

Love, SEX AND

ROMANCE IN VAMpIRE

By Ann Sullivan Braidwood

You knew someone would talk about it eventu-
ally. You know, the Big Bad, the nasty words we all
whisper when we don't think anyone's listening to
us. It will help to say them, even if you think your
mother is within earshot.

It will get easier the more you say these words out
loud. The words themselves won't kill you. You
won't die of embarrassment. (Well, okay, maybe
you'll want to. We've all traveled on that boat at one
time or another.) So, get up, go stand in front of the
mirror, chin up, chest out, deep breath, because here

petting." Good job! It's getting easier, isn't it?

The next few might be kind of rough, so saying
them in a rush might help:

"Sexual intercourse. Fellatio. Cunnilingus.
Ménage a trois. Group sex. Anal sex. Anilingus:
Homosexuality. Omnisexuality. Domination. Sub-

on. Bestiality. Bondage & Discipline." Wow,
you got through that without hyperventilating, didn't,
you? You're doing well! The big test is the vulgar:
vernacular, you know, the words that make you feel
like you're 12 again, with your parents, a bar of 99 44)
100 percent pure Ivory soap and a good grounding]
not too far from your mouth or your future: "French-
kissing! Fingering! Straight fucking. Nasty fucking,
Blowjobs. Pussy-eating. Rimjobs. Three-ways. Or |
gies. Corn-holing. Hot boy-on-boy action! Hot,
girl-on-girl action! Someone's your bitch! You're
someone else's bitch! Rover's your bitch! Nipple.
clamps! Mouse traps! Ball gag! Cock and ball tor
ture!"

The point is that words are just words. They're
some of the tools we use to paint the picture of the
setting for the people who play storytelling gamesin
it. That doesn't mean that words aren't hard to say,
that they don't embarrass us or even make us uncom
fortable. Sometimes they're supposed to do just that,
because the things that words portray aren't sup-
posed to be comfortable, especially in a horror game,
Nobody wants to come off like a fire-and-brimstone |
doomsayer, and most people usually strive to be]
relatively tolerant, but, if we're honest with our'
selves, I think we'll all admit that at least something
about romance, love or sex makes us feel awkward,
and that's okay. Probably not a single word in that
string of, ahem, description above didn't make some-
body cringe, that didn't make someone think, "Ugh,
not with me, no way, no how." Personally, my "ick"
factor kicks in with anything that involves a lack of
solid respect for e. coli bacteria. I guess it's the "no
one is going to stick anything up my ass unless they're |
doing it for the express purpose of removing some:
thing that's likely going to kill me" axiom of personal |
behavior. Additionally, at the risk of sounding a bit
judgmental, and as a dog lover, but not a dog lover, |
I'm not exactly sure that the canine denizens of our |
planet are likely to be construed
ina court of law. (I'm also relatively certain that this
concept applies to the whole of the animal king-
dom.) And nipple clamps? Not so much, thanks,
they don't sound like such a good idea to me, but to
each his own.

\Vaweire Pavers Gude

160


All kidding aside, when it comes to morals
about love and sex, moderns are a study in contra-
dictions. These contradictions are way too numerous
tolist, so | think it's sufficient to say that we all have
primary principles, axioms that we live by, be they
religiously grounded or not, and that's cool. I don't
want to belabor the point, but I do think we'd all
probably agree that, if we're largely a society of
hypocrites, we're silent ones. We may do these
things in private, but we sure as hell don't talk about
them. We protect that privacy. We're
nondemonstrative; strong emotions and private
pleasures embarrass us . That's why, when we're
storytelling, the honest portrayal of love, romance
or, for that matter, sexual behavior is pretty diffi-
cult.

Adult story content is just another tool that we
can use to make the world that we play in come alive
as players; it's another note that we use to construct
the larger symphony of emotional nuance that helps
us make it texturally real to each other, just as it
would in a good movie or a good book. It's not
hecessary to include adult content; if it's handled
poorly, it can positively derail a story. It works best
when it's handled with care. While we all like to
think of ourselves as mature, I think we can all
admit that sometimes we're not. While graphic
content is best introduced and executed in a man-
ner that's respectful, simply including sex or violence
doesn't make a game a mature one. It's too often
that too many Storytellers and players confuse "ma-
turity" in roleplaying with the inclusion of graphic
game content. It's not the same thing. A game can
be mature without a single sex scene or depiction of

violence, but a game that runs the gamut of adult-
oriented material and does it with all the subtlety of
a preteen looking at a dog-eared copy of his older
brother's Hustler magazine isn't exactly a mature
one. While a mature player can be one who handles
adults-only material with respect, she's also one
who is empowered to admit that the same adult
content might fluster her, might make her blush,

might even make her want to be elsewhere. People

have boundaries, after all. It's up to us, as Storytell-
ers and players, to know what our boundaries are
and to communicate this effectively.

It will help to deal with a couple of misconcep-
tions at the outset:

1. Love, love-making and all the gooey shit that
leads up to it has no place in a horror game. My
vampire doesn't care about anybody. She's a solitary
predator.

Secmion Ture: Essays
161


Falling in love, being involved in a romance and
taking that game romance to a sexual level nails
home a character's core self on a very personal level.
Vampire: The Masquerade is a game about personal
horror; it's about what happens to a new-made vam-
pire when all the props and crutches of her humanity
are taken forcibly from her. It strains realism to say
that this new-made vampire has never been emo-
tionally pushed, pulled or manipulated by the actions
of another person. Motives in a relationship are
never wholly pure. You don't have to be an altruistic
vampire to have some other being be able to effect
you emotionally. Personal horror is much more per-
sonal when it involves the motives and machinations
of people who affect the character. Love, romance
and sex, with all their obsessions and willful guile,
can make horror very personal indeed.

2. Romance isn't scary.

Wrong again. If your vampire is romantically
involved with another, she's vulnerable. She's vul-
nerable to loss, she's vulnerable to manipulation.
Her emotions can lead her to make choices that
aren't exactly in her best interest, choices that can
cause her to let her guard down. If your character
shares anything — a candle-lit meeting, a kiss or
even her bed — with someone else, she's just made
herself vulnerable to enemies, to her lover, to just
about anybody who would want to lay a hurt on her.
If that vulnerability is juxtaposed against the horrific
events of a vampire's dead man's walk across the
decades, even the quietest, most romantic moments
can make those horrific events scarier, like the sigh
of relaxed relief we breathe when we think we've
escaped the Big Bad, only to find that it hasn't
attacked yet.

3. Ok, so it's not totally geeky, but roleplaying
sex is uncomfortable. I don't want to have intellec-
tual sexual intercourse in front of my friends. It's like
pornography.

Three points can be derived from this very real
statement. First, people have sexelt/happens. They
tend to like it whensit'does. So, having sex isn't the
issue at all. Plus, having sex, verbally, in front of a
room full of people, is uncomfortable. (LARPers,
don't try this at home.) Second, sex does make
people uncomfortable, as it's very personal. But'we
all know our friends and we all know our gaming
groups; they tend to consist of some of the same
people. We know what they can handle, and what
they can't, because, as respectful people, we commu-
nicate the intent of our plot and the choices to made
within that plot to them. If in-game sexuality makes

anyone at the table, including the Storyteller, too"
uncomfortable, he shouldn't have it force-fed to
him. He should be given the choice to participate or |
bow out, because character sexuality doesn't have to |
be handled in open forum. It can be blue-booked, |
handled in a character diary, handled in a one-on-
one session with the Storyteller or handled in any
one of a number of creative ways. It's not fun to he |
pushed beyond your boundaries. Third, sex in a"
game, because games imitate fiction and film, are
best presented as they're portrayed in good booksand_
good movies. That is, effective sexual interaction
should say something about the character that the
audience won't find out about her in any other way.
Sex in books and in movies, when it's used effec-
tively, is always about sex as a metaphor for something |
else. If it's not about sex as a metaphor for something
about the character that is undiscoverable elsewhere,
it's like mutual masturbation in front of a room full
of janitors, satisfying for the two people engaging in
it, but rather like cleaning up the Lubriderm spills
and the used tissues for the onlookers.

Okay, well, with the preparatory stuff out of the
way, let's get to the specific questions.

Can vampires have sex? You know, like real
people have sex?

Yes indeed. We're going to foray into a little bit
of mechanics. (It's inescapable, really, and we've all
probably thought about it. And no, you're not a
pervert.) The answer to that question is yes and no.
Vampires can't have sex just like mortals because
vampires are undead. They are consciousnesses at
tached to animated corpses. All jokes about
necrophilia aside, vampires€annot engage in sexual
intercourseexaétly the same way mortals do. Human
arousal/occurs organically, and vampiric arousal oc
curs intellectually. A vampire can move blood
throughout his body in a conscious act of will, but
male and female,vampires actually only mimic the
physical aspects of mortal arousal. It's not real be-
cause it's not coming from the same place that living
arousal does.

Vampires may be able to derive sensual pleasure
through the use of their sex organs — after all, their
nerve endings work, they can feel the pain offangs
tipping their flesh, of claws rending their skin, of
bullets wounding themyso the pleasure of touch runs
along those same lines of logic — but it's sensual
pleasure rather than sexual pleasure. It's obtained
through an act of intellectual Wille The motivations
for vampiric arousal, being so centered on @'premedi-
tated act of will, are the result of conscious planning

mane RenAnnwvenooarowsanono

=

mea me Hood

il ne oA OR

amore PLavers Gupe

162


eorvruncpax

on the vampire's part. Doesn't this logically infer
that they're looking for something in the sensual act
of vampiric love-making that's beyond just mere
physical pleasure? After all, vampires can obtain
sénsual pleasure in a variety of ways other than
sexual! behavior, most of it involving the high state
of atousal brought on by the sharing and taking of
blood. Why put yourself through all the work of
engaging in sexual intercourse, with all its trappings
of awkwardness and discomfort, if you don't have a
motivation for doing so? Finally, climax, in the way
that mortals climax during sex, doesn't really make
sense. Male vampires don't have any real ejaculatory
capabilities because their testicles don't produce
semen anymore. Both male and female vampires
should be able to feel the pleasure of climax, because
their nerve endings work, but they don't experience
all of the physical attributes of living climax.

Why woulda vampire choose to have sex? Would
vampires choose to have sex for the same reasons
that mortals have sex? Would they have sex with
other vampires only? Would they have sex with
mortals, too?

The answers to these questions are a resounding
maybe. For vampires, the reasons that lie beyond the
act of sex itself don't walk hand in hand with biology
anymore. Mortal sex drive is instinctual, vampiric
sex drive, if you can call it that, isn't; it's been
replaced with an instinct for blood. The old adage "If
you can't kill it or eat it, you'll fuck it" doesn't work
for vampires. Vampires' basic instinct is just to kill it
or eat it, not necessarily in that order. So, again,
their reasons for engaging in sexual intercourse are
mind-based. They're not based on physical need.

That doesn't mean vampires aren't motivated
for sexual interaction by roughly the same emotions
that motivate mortals. Vampires are fully capable of
feeling strong emotion. They love, they hate, they
get mad, they get depressed, they want to get even,
they care. Vampires maintain all the gamut of emo-
tional response that mortals do, because, if their
brains aren't living anymore, their souls retain intel-
lectual thought and with thought comes emotion.

Vampires can physically have sex with anyone
who's willing, but with other vampires, it's only
usually done as the result of a wish to hold onto the
trappings of humanity. Sharing blood is much more
sensual to a vampire than sharing bodily fluids, and
they don't have bodily fluids other than blood to
share in the first place. It's a different story if a
vampire decides to engage in sexual relations with a
mortal. A vampire and a mortal approach sex from

different places, a mortal from instinct and emotion
and a vampire from emotion and will, so the physical
aspects coupled with the emotional ones will be
more pleasurable for the mortal. The vampire will
derive his satisfaction more from the emotional a
pect of sex; the pleasures of the act will be very
secondary. After all, what ecstasy compares to the
intensity of the Kiss? Why engage in sex if not for
emotion's sake? And those emotions will probably be
intensely positive or negative.

How do you effectively portray sexual interac-
tion in your chronicle? Let's assume your players are
okay with graphic content, as they'd like you to
include it, and you'd like to accommodate them. But
how the hell do you doit? You're not Hugh Hefner,
after all.

The best advice I can give you is just to do what
feels good and feels right. OK, it's kind of mired in
the ‘70s, but it's also very apropos. Either as a Story-
teller ora character, you know your own group. First,
try to determine each member of your coterie's level
of comfort. Then tailor your Storytelling, or your
character interaction, to those comfort levels. Let's
pretend that Lisa, one of your core players, hasn't
been embarrassed by anything since she was 17 and
saw Al Pacino's implied Crisco fisting scene in Cruis-
ing. Then, say you have Stephanie, a woman who,
when she's confronted with feminine protection
commercials on television while people of the oppo-
site sex are in the room, makes noncommittal little
throat noises to hide her embarrassment. Your last
player is Eric. He's a pretty mature guy, and sex ina
game doesn't faze him, but he has definite bound-
aries. Eric and Lisa are both portraying vampires, and
Stephanie has chosen to play Eric's vampire's trusted
mortal retainer. Lisa's intent is to have her vampire
engage in all manner of sadomasochistic domina-
tion/submission with her ghouls as a metaphor for
control and loss of it. Eric's vampire is a Toreador
with feelings of jealous love and distrust for
Stephanie's retainer character; he's approaching his
intent of sexual interaction with her as a metaphor
for the loneliness and separateness of the state of
vampirism. Stephanie's retainer has a user's person-
ality; she's cocky enough to think that she can play
with a vampire's matches and not get burned by
them, that she won't lose her sense of self-control
and that she'll gain a lot of power. She wants to
portray, metaphorically, how much of themselves
human beings are willing to give up for power, for the
chance to rule from behind the throne (Eric and
Stephanie have agreed on their relationship before-

Secon Teree: Essays

163


hand). The scene is set at a small gathering at Eric's
haven, attended by a few Toreador, Lisa and ghouls
included, with Stephanie attentively paying rapt
attention to her "patron." Lisa's intent is to send the
message that she's a force to be reckoned with by
showcasing her power over her retainers, their per-
sonal strengths and what they're willing to do to
each other for her; Stephanie's intention is to play
Eric's jealousy off against his need for the informa-
tion she can provide to him; and Eric's intent is to
test Stephanie's loyalty. They all have good reasons
and motivations behind why their characters will
either behave sexually or entice others to do so.
Somewhere in here, you have to deliver plot, be-
cause your newest antagonist is going to rear her
lovely head at the gathering. So, how do you accom-
modate Lisa and Eric's comfort levels without giving
Stephanie a coronary?

You can tell the same scene to each of these very
different players with different emphases. Separate
their parts in the action, but don't really let them
know that they're separated by starting them off with
an opening description of the new antagonist and get
their minds working on that. Then cut to their
individual parts in the plot action and ask them to set
that scene for you. What are they doing? How are
they behaving in reference to the new antagonist's
presence? Here's where it gets tricky. You need to let
them each play out their original intentions and

keep things moving forward. Timing and tone are of

great importance in all three facets of the scene.
Lisa's interactions will be most effective if you tell
them in hard, fast and, yes, sexually mechanical
statements, giving her directorial choices along the
way, but try to keep it short and brutal. (You're
accommodating her wish for graphic content, but
you're keeping Stephanie! s comfort level in mind,
and a brief "Eew" is a lot easier for Stephanie to
swallow than long passages of "So now you tie Webster
to the wall with tatters of human skin and lick his
lover's blood off of his genitals." Nobody wants to sit
around for hours while the minute specifics of sexual
intercourse are described.) Then, tricky Storyteller
that you are, you engage Eric in his intentions by
letting him initiate the action with Stephanie. She's
more empowered in this, because it's not coming
from the Storyteller, it's coming from another player,
and she's freer to act accordingly. He can say what he
wants to do with her, but her responses are coming
from a standpoint of action rather than reaction.
You're just on hand to adjudicate anything that
needs game mechanics, if the need arises.

Vamp PLavers Guine

164

Here's one final bit of advice. Try to keep
emphasis on the emotional impact of sex, rather
than just the mechanics. I can speak from persona
experience here. Asa player, I've personally engaged
in only one really graphically sexual scene.
characters involved were a younger man stuck in an
untenable situation, committing adultery for th
first time in his life, and an older woman, a woman
trapped in a loveless, abusive marriage. The younger
man, out of necessity, was using the older woman to,
gain information on her husband but found out he
wasn't at all emotionally equipped to be so callo
When he made love to her, complete with a brief but
unmistakable description of the act itself, and then,
in postcoital conversation, lied to her further, ce
menting his duplicity for the needs of the group's'
overriding goals, I was prepared to meet with cluck
ing tongues and eye-rolls from the rest of my group:
1 was really surprised to find that they were caught up
in the emotion of it, like they would be in a good ses
scene on film. I was further surprised that, when next
confronting the young man, they reacted in charace
ter with what their characters knew about the act
and how they felt about it, in a manner that madei
part of the game.

So I guess the point is, sex can be an interestill
aspect of your game, if you want it to be. It can be
done. It just has to be done carefully and respectfully,

Enmity BETWEEN
CHARACTERS

P

Storytelling Opportunity or Story Killer? °

By Rhiannon Louve o

The vampires of legend are solitary beings = My

nocturnal predators who answer to no one and "a d

ing but their own unquenchable thirst for blood. | |
They have no companions but their minions and

their prey, and they certainly have no friends. Since ae

the characters in a Vampire story are quite often
based on players' ideas of these misanthropic legend

ary vampires, it is understandable that get ce
Vampire characters to work together as a team is| Jt
rarely easy. Aloof selfishness, underhanded deceit pn
and suicidal angst are not generally considered to be V
the best instruments for achieving group solidarity. bi
In fact, they can often lead to just the opposite: 8
characters who actively hate and plot against one | Te
another. | el

More so even than with nonvampire characters et
in the chaotic World of Darkness, the frequency of t
enmity between characters in Vampire is perhaps 4

more typical than in any other storytelling game.

Naturally, this player-versus-player dynamic has
large effect on any storyline an. effect that can
easily work for good or ill. To answer the question
posed in this essay's title, characters who hate each
other can easily be both an interesting storytelling
opportunity and an instant story killer, sometimes
within the same chronicle. Discussed below are the
details of such potential and some advice for encour
aging the former and avoiding the latter

As has already been implied, vampires are fairly
naturally prone to enmity with others, especially
other vampires. Alliances and affections are pos-
sible, of course, and it should not be forgotten that
camaraderie, when handled correctly, can provid
just as many interesting storylines as can antago-
nism. Nevertheless, enmity between characters in a
Vampire story is often unavoidable and helps create
both atmosphere and action. In large troupe-sty
groups particularly, where one Storyteller may be
leading a great number of players, conflict between
characters is very nearly arequirement for everyone's
enjoyment. It provides intrigue and interaction while
the Storyteller is occupied with the needs of other
players or with the overarching plot of the chronicle
Notably interesting in-character conflict can pro-

vide the Storyteller with excellent ideas for how to
keep the main story moving, as well. Finally, good
conflict helps build the mood of the Vampire set-
ting, emphasizing the concept that nothing and no
one is entirely trustworthy

In smaller groups, in-character hostility is not
quite so necessary to the game, but playing a charac-
ter who hates another character can be a great
incentive for staying focused on the story and the
acting, even without visual aids like costumes and
props. After all, a character doesn't want to be caught
discussing the player's life or concerns (which natu
rally do not exist inside the story world) when the
enemy attacks, so most players concentrate much
more closely on the story and their characters when
confronted with imminent hostility. If that hostility
might come from within the party, it is always there

to provide the same focus and inspiration

Even with all of these roleplaying and story
opportunities to recommend it, however, playing
characters who hate each other is not without its
potentially story-threatening dangers. For one thing,
many people, even the most experienced and tal-
ented roleplayers, have trouble separating in-game
emotions from real-life feelings. In-character argu-


ments, if not handled correctly, can turn into out-of-
character misunderstandings, especially if one of the
characters is somehow harmed or thwarted by the
actions of another. If conflict of any kind already
exists between two players in the real world, stich
misunderstandings are all the more likely and all the
more important to avoid at all costs.

Naturally, conflict between players (as opposed
to their characters) is always something to stay away
from. Even if it doesn't get in the way of the game
(which it undoubtedly will eventually), it is, quite
simply, unpleasant for everyone involved. No better
way exists to stop a chronicle in its tracks and to
sometimes even end friendships. The whole point of
any storytelling game is for everyone to have fun, and
the drama is supposed to remain at all times in the
realm of the imaginary. Real-life hurt and anger are
never as enjoyable as the painvand rage of people
who, in the end, really don't exist. It is important to
remember, therefore, that if anything is going to
cause conflict between players, it is automatically a
terrible idea and should be avoided. No roleplaying
opportunity is sufficiently titillating to justify hurt-
ing the feelings or friendships of real'people.

Another potential problem comes into play when
the conflict between two characters becomes. so
heated that they cannot, in charactefy Stand té/be in
the same room with one another. If a yampire's
reasons to come to gatherings and his incentiyés to.
work with other vampires are completely eclipsed by
his desire to be far away froma certain other vampire
in the group, few options remain. One of the charae*
ters involved can leave the game —rarely a preferable
option, especially for the player whose character dies
or is forced to leave + or the conflict can somehow
be lessened. Unless a player actively desires to create
anew character, removing one from the game should
never be considered a viable way to solve in-charac-
ter conflict. If both players-wish to keep their
characters, therefore, the only altérnative is tomend
the relationship until they can tolerate‘each other.
Storytellers can help with such in-character alter
ations by‘designing experiences for the players that
will help engender a change of heart:

Mending relationships between characters is ob-
viously something that must be individually tailored
to the personalities and conflicts of the characters
involved, but some basic examples of experiénces
that might encourage a change of heart include
arranging events so that a charactef's enemy saves
the character's unlife, having a character discover
secrets about an enemy that makes said enemy.easier

to sympathize with, and finding some goal or event
that forces enemies to rely on one another and to act
as allies. Storytellers and players should work closely
together to make certain that these scenes make |
sense with a character's history and concept, and
one-on-one' storytelling sessions are usually recom:

mended for deeper or more personal changes of
heart. Try to always keep an open mind 4s to a)
character's ability to experience a change of opinion
about another character. If none of the above ex: |
amples works (and' they won't always), pbinkd
creatively until you find one that does. i

In addition to the universal in-character enmity
cautions, very small, intimate: groups specifically
have a few more possible pitfalls. With fewer players
comes an entirely different storytelling dynamic.
Unlike large troupe-style groups, it isnot only pos |
sible for one Storyteller to pay® constant close
attention, to the' actions of every single'player, it is
actually necessaty. Since the Storyteller must play
every single Storyteller character herself, and since
not enough extra players are around to! entertain
each other while'she is occupied, the Storyteller, in
large part, must be directly involyed in every aspect
of play. Too many plots and counterplots divide
group and slow down'the story, whereas a focused,
tightly allied group can help things run smoothly and
excitingly from chapter to chapter. For this reason,
charactéts who get along can often provide much |
more enjoyment and many more interesting situa
tions and opportunities in small Vampire games
than characters who-hate each other might. f

These warnings should not keep experienced
roleplayers ‘from creating whatever sorts of|
intercharaéter conflicts they wish, however. Alor
the above-mentioned potential-hazards are entirely
avoidable, with' proper care and preparation. The
most important thing to remember in any storytelling
game is that it is a game, after all. Everyone is there |
to have fun, and anything (within reason) that
makes the game more fun for everyone playing is, by
Meftnislon. a good idea. The key. word here is "every-
one," however» With in-character discord, as with
any other aspéct of play, concern for all the other
members of the group is a necessity.

One way.to show this concern is to be sure to set
up in-character conflicts with everyone beforehand.
This is not necessary in every case; spats and dis
agreements between otherwise allied or neutral
chatacters can come and go unexpectedly in the
course of a single story, and these can simply be
played out as they come up. Any serious hatred or

\Vamee Payers Guinée

166

Atk rahe ee ee Re


ongoing animosity, however, should be discussed
with everyone before it comes into play. At the very
least, the Storyteller and the characters involved in
the conflict should communicate about the nature of
the enmity. It is important that everyone agrees on
how farthe rivalry may go (such as whether or not it
is acceptable to actively attempt to kill another
character) and that everyone feels the contention
will be an enjoyable addition to the game. In Smaller
groups especially, it's good to make certain a planned
conflict won't interfere with other players! visions of
the type of storytelling experience they want —as
well as to arrange all ongoing conflict with the
Storyteller — so that it will never detract from play.

Another type of concern for others involves
checking in with fellow players after intense scenes
of roleplayed anger or nastiness. Either immediately
after the scene or at least after the game, make sure
that the other players' feelings have not been hurt
and that everyone understands the argument to be
only in-game. This needn't be anything elaborate; a
simple and casual "You know that was only in char-
acter, right?" is usually all that is required, and it
helps reassure people and allow them to have more

fun with intense and angry scenes. If a player genu-
inely cries during a scene or seems otherwise unduly
upset — even if you're absolutely sure it's just excel-
lent roleplaying — it's still best to break character

just long enough to ask, "Are you OK" in case you've
accidentally hit a nerve, or the player's dog just died
today, etc. Even the best of intense roleplaying
scenes are not as important as real people's feelings.
It's perfectly reasonable to break character long
enough to check in.

Once you're certain that an in-character con-
flict will not hurt the feelings of any other players or
tuin anyone's fun, the next most important thing to
consider is the story and the Storyteller. Contrary to
the beliefs of some, staying perfectly in character at
all costs is not actually the first goal of good
toleplaying. This is not professional theater, after
all. If acting out of character is the only way to keep
the story fun for everyone and running smoothly,
then by all means, break character. Only an indi-
vidual player can decide when this needs to happen
and when it is unnecessary, but an example might be
tefusing to kill a character when given an easy
opportunity, not because your character wouldn't,
but because it wouldn't be kind to the other player.
Another example could be choosing to accompany
the group on some venture or exploit, even if your
character would think it a stupid idea, simply be-

cause your participation keeps the story more inter-
esting for everyone.

If this sort of deviation from one's character has
to happen very often, perhaps you might consider
changing characters or working with the Storyteller
to find better ways for your character to fit with the
chronicle. Many players also find that they can
better enjoy their roleplaying by maintaining a couple
of different characters in the same large troupe-style
story (playing one character in some chapters and a
different one in others — see p. 79) or by playing
simultaneously with two or more different smaller
groups. These options allow a player to roleplay in-
character conflict when it is appropriate to the current
group or situation and still be able to participate and
to have fun in groups where in-character conflict is
unwelcome or counterproductive.

Another option especially recommended in small
gaming groups is to have all players create their
characters at the same time and place, with the
Storyteller present to advise and coordinate. In this
way, everyone involved in the game is on hand to
share ideas of what the game should be about and
what kind of coterie all players want to form. Char-
acters can be designed specifically with the other
players and characters in mind, as well as tailored to
the sort of chronicle the Storyteller wants to run.
When in-character conflicts are arranged in this sort
of cohesive planning situation, they are almost al-
ways enjoyable for everyone involved. If the conflicts
are a bad idea, this will usually come out during the
creation session and can easily be avoided by creat-
ing a different, more agreeable character to begin
with.

A final option is to create an extremely secretive
character with other strong motivations for being
civil to the rest of the characters in the game. With
this approach, a character can feel all manner of
hatred and animosity for the others in the chronicle
without anyone else ever knowing about it. This can
provide compelling back-story to aid in roleplaying
and even give the Storyteller opportunities for inter-
esting plot hooks involving your character, even
though the other players may never realize that the
conflict exists at all. If interesting roleplaying is
really your only goal in creating in-character con-
flict, this can be a very interesting and challenging
option as your character works constantly to hide his
deep-seated hatred from the others.

In the end, the deciding factor in turning enmity
between characters into a storytelling opportunity or
a story killer is, put simply, how the situation is

Sen Taree: Essays

167


handled by everyone involved. For sensitive, cre-
ative and experienced players, in-game conflict is
often an excellent idea, especially in large and self-
directed groups. When handled correctly, conflict
between characters should never harm a story or the
fun of everyone involved. When enmity between
characters is a bad idea (and you will have, on
occasion, coteries, gaming groups and chronicles in
which it is a very bad idea indeed), it is very easy to
avoid the associated difficulties, simply by checking
in with everyone playing and then doing something
Ise if necessary. If everyone playing is willing to be
both considerate and flexible, problems should never
occur

Speaking of flexibility, however, the most im-
portant thing to remember in Vampire or in any
storytelling or roleplaying game is that the possibili
ties for interesting roleplaying opportunities are
infinite. Enmity between characters is only one of
these endless options for spicing up a game and
providing openings for great acting and exciting

intensity. Bonds of loyalty, true love, sorrow and

tragedy can easily be just as impassioned and inspir

168

ing as rage, and all of these emotions can also k
directed at Storyteller characters rather than play-
ers' characters when necessary. Don't get stuck on
the concept of player versus player conflict. When
it's a good idea, have a blast with it, but when in
doubt, do something else instead. The beauty of
roleplaying is the complete lack of real-world limita-
tions. Take advantage of the possibilities, and always
remember that in games (and sometimes in other
aspects of life as well), fun comes first

FLASH AND DAZZLE

By Aaron Rosenberg

One of the coolest things about any game is
what's called "the Big Gun." That term covers any
big nifty power you get for your character, whether
it'san enchanted sword, a massive firearm, the power
to fly, a cybernetic arm or something else cool and
In Vampire, the Big Guns are your Disci-
plines. You can turn to mist, see in the dark, change
intoa bat, move twice as fast as any mortal, rearrange
your own bone structure and all sorts of other cool
powers. It's great

weird

these are what set you apart from


mortals, what make you superior, what give your
character that serious edge.

But what are they?

Disciplines are innate gifts, the "good side" of the
Curse of Caine, that apparently arise as part of the
Embrace process. Your body is transformed into an

| undead shell with far more than mortal strength and
speed, and these other gifts suddenly appear as well.
But how do you handle them? How, as a player, do
you deal with a character who can melt into the
ground itself or poison a blade with his own blood?

| Asa character, how do you cope with these strange
new talents and abilities?

Players generally fall into one of two camps over
Disciplines. The first camp believes that Disciplines
are magic. Their characters are no longer mortal, but
are imbued with an otherworldly power that allows

| them to exist even after death, and the Disciplines

| are simply one more manifestation of that power. For
these players, the Disciplines are magic tricks, super-
powers, something to be shown with pride. Their
characters often make theatrical gestures while using
Disciplines, or chant in an ancient tongue, or even
grind a particular herb to powder and scatter the
dust.

The second camp believes that Disciplines are
part and parcel of the body's new existence, much

the same way that being left-handed is part of some
people, or being good with geography, or having a
knack for climbing trees. For these players, their
"characters are simply better at certain things — it's
‘not something they announce, or even necessarily

think about. When it's dark, the character's eyes
suddenly glow like those of a cat, and now he can see
inthe dark; no mumbo-jumbo, no gesturing, just the
body adapting to its surroundings.

So which camp is right? Both — and neither. It's
lip to you, really. Nothing in the game says either is
‘correct, or that either is wrong, so you can choose
| your own camp. Try thinking about how the Disci-
plines work. Does your character need to concentrate
‘on them to activate them, or do they simply turn
themselves on by reflex? Remember to differentiate
‘between your concentration and the character's.
Just because you have to spend a Willpower point for
the character doesn't mean she necessarily thinks
about it — she may automatically know to focus her
will. Regardless of mechanics, when the character
ses Celerity or Protean or any other Discipline, does
‘she stop and think, "Now I draw upon my energies to
increase my speed" or even "I need to move really fast
now," or does she just react?

Again, the books don't contain an answer. All
they say is that the character activates his Disci-
plines, and that some need a point of blood or of
Willpower while others can be activated with a
thought, and still others are always active. Nothing
is said about how the character should think about
these powers. Look at the character's history, his life
as a mortal. Was he a religious man before his death?
If so, the Disciplines might seem like miraculous
powers to him ... or like infernal ones. Did he believe
in magic and perhaps even try it? Disciplines would
be a dream come true, magic that really works, and
would almost certainly be meshed into his previous
notions. If magic required hand gestures and chants,
the Disciplines would as well, because that's how the
character thinks such things always work. Is the
character a pragmatist who simply does what's nec-

ry? Or an intuitive character who trusts his own
instincts and reflexes? Then Disciplines would seem

ike useful talents suddenly acquired and would be
used as such, without fanfare or gesture and certainly
without embellishment and melodrama.

Look to the character's Embrace process as well.
If his sire deliberately acted mysterious and grand
and showed his Disciplines as if they were arcane
gifts of the highest order, the character is more likely
to feel that way about his own gifts. Some vampires
might even concoct a "rite of inheritance" for their
childer, a sham ceremony in which they claim to
transfer their powers to their new protégés. Why?
Because that way the novice believes his sire is
responsible for the gifts and gave them deliberately.
It increases the sire's hold over his brood, especially
since such a rite suggests that the powers could also
be taken away at any time. Other vampires are very
matter-of-fact about their abilities and don't make a
big deal of them. Their childer are likely to be the
same way and to treat Disciplines as skills and knacks
rather than infernal curses and powers.

How the character discovers his Disciplines will
also play a part. Talk to your Storyteller about the
character's beginning as a vampire and work through
his first few weeks of that existence, either by playing
it out or simply through discussion. Did the charac-
ter stumble onto a Discipline, like seeing in the dark?
Or did he actively think "I wish I could see in the
dark" or "I thought vampires could see in the dark"
and then subconsciously activate the Discipline?
Remember that, either way, the use is the same —
even if the character thinks the power needs gestures
and chants it may be a simple matter of subconscious
will, and the rest is just window-dressing. That first

Secrion Taree: Essays

169


use will shape the character's perception of the
Discipline, and of all future Disciplines as well — if
the vampire thinks he needs to call upon his sire for
aid before a Discipline will activate, he may subcon-
sciously block the use of any Discipline until that
ritual is completed.

What does this mean for the character? Well,
it affects how he views all vampires, including
himself. If Disciplines seem like magic, then vam-
pires will appear as magical beings, almost like demons
and devils themselves. These creatures are not only
no longer alive, they're not even flesh and blood, but
simply a facsimile held together by the vampire's
will, literal hellspawn in the eyes of the individual.
Each vampire is a creature of magic, capable of great
feats. Of course, powerful creatures usually have
agendas of some importance, so these characters are
likely to search for their true purpose—simply exist-
ing is not sufficient, since the power had to come
from somewhere and surely such might would not be
granted without reason.

On the other hand, Disciplines as magic could
suggest a closer tie to some mystical source of energy.
Life blocked the link, perhaps, but now the vampire
is more attuned and thus can draw upon that energy
more easily. For these characters, their personal goal

firs

might be to grow closer to the source, so that they
can tap it even more. What they see as obstacles in
themselves, and how they overcome those, could be
very interesting. For example, a character might feel
that the magic is instinctual, and so speech and
thought and logic all get in the way. Only returning

to the Beast within will allow the vampire to truly
bond with the Curse of Caine and to use it freely.

Other characters may see Disciplines not as magic
but as improved survival traits. Their goal is to
survive — clearly the will was strong enough to
overcome even death, and, though altered, the indi-
vidual does continue to exist. These new gifts aid
that existence in much the way that reflexes and
instinct have always helped the fit survive. So Disci-
plines are not magical at all, and the characters are
not part of some great destiny or plan. They're simply
people whose bodies and minds refuse to give up, and
who have adapted to become even stronger and more
resistant to destruction.

Another aspect to consider is exposure. How
does the character use his Disciplines? Does he dis-
play them openly and proudly, glorying in his mystical
skills and daring others to show stronger gifts? Those
who feel Disciplines are magic and the mark of some
greater force might behave in this way. Disciplines

Vv

are a badge of honor for them, something to be proud
of, and they'd be happy to demonstrate their power
to others. Some vampires might even use Disciplines
a unit of rank, categorizing others by the number
and power of their Disciplines and looking down
upon those with weaker gifts. Clearly those vampires
were not marked with as much favor and do not have
as great a role to play in their collective destinies.

Vampires who see Disciplines as innate survival
reflexes are more likely to hide their gifts, though.
After all, by showing others what you can do you
make it easier for them to counteract your abilities.
In survival, it's better to conceal your abilities as
much as possible, so that your opponents underesti-
mate you. Then you can take them by surprise and
gain the advantage.

One thing about Disciplines is that, no matter
what your character thinks they are, they don't
always work. Sometimes a Discipline fails. What
does that mean to the character? If he believes the
Disciplines are magic powers, he obviously did some-
thing wrong — used the wrong hand gesture or the
wrong herb, mispronounced a word, had the wrong
stance, etc. The power didn't fail; the caster did.
That's a mark of shame, of course, to show such
incompetence, and the vampire may beat himself up
about such weakness and error.

If the vampire believes the magic comes from
some higher power, having a Discipline fail could be
asign of displeasure. He has done something to anger
this power or to go against its plans, and so it has |
taken away the gift as punishment. Obviously atone:
ment must be made and the higher power appeased
so that the Discipline is returned again. If the char
acter thinks his sire granted the gift and then took it]
away, the sire may decide to play with this. He can
appear disapproving and use his childe's guilt to gain
still more sway over the younger vampire. Of course,
if the sire also believes ina higher power granting the
Disciplines, he may be genuinely angry with the
childe, fearing that the novice's failure will reflect
badly upon him as well.

For those who see Disciplines as innate talents,
failure is even more confusing. How can you fail to
remember a number, or fail to toss the ring around
the bottle, or fail to smell someone's fear? Perhaps
the character believes he is tired, stressed or under
nourished, since all of these can cause mortals to]
become slow and sloppy and clumsy. Since the power
is innate, it can't be taken away or not turned on, but |
perhaps it needs time to recharge, just like a battery.
Maybe the talent works only at certain times, or only)

\Vaworre Pavers Guide

170


when the character is in a certain mood. These
vampires will probably run through a list of possible
causes in their heads, trying to narrow down why the
Discipline didn't work that time so they can avoid
that in future. Or they might ultimately chalk it up
to bad luck — everyone screws up occasionally —
and move on.

No matter which direction you choose, you should
certainly consider how your character sees Disci-
plines: where he thinks they came from, how he
gained them, how they are activated and what hap-
pens when they fail. This will give you a stronger
insight into your character and will make his actions
more believable and more consistent. And so what if

another vampire claims Disciplines are something
different — your character knows the truth

Horkor Is Perspective

By Matthew McFarland

Remember your first Vampire game?

I remember mine. | don't know if it was first or
second edition, because I never read the rulebooks
I don't recall if I made my own character or if my
Storyteller brought pregenerated ones. I do remem-
ber my character's name was Candace and she was z
Tremere, and | remember that in the early part of the
game the entire coterie was ambushed, staked, and
dragged before the prince.

Now, for those of you who have been playing
Vampire at least as long as I have, the old "dragged
before the prince" trope isn't much to get excited
about. I'd assert that being staked first adds a layer of
harshness that's kind of cool, but maybe that's not so
new, either. But man, way back then, in my parents'
basement, lights dimmed, with the Storyteller de-
scribing me being grabbed from behind — I think I
got one quasiseductive line out; an attempt to get my
assailant to re

ease me so I could bite him and
then the sudden, searing pain as the stake went home

that was some scary shit. I'm pretty sure that most
of us long-time Vampire players have been there,

finding horror in something that, now, seems almost

mundane

This isn't restricted to Vampire or even
toleplaying games, of course. The Exorcist had people
tunning from the theater in terror when it opened. I
saw it for the first time recently, and though it was a
damned disturbing film, I don't recall being actually

1. What scared us years ago doesn't have the
same effect nowadays — maybe we're jaded, or de-
sensitized, or whatever

Except that we keep coming back to the classics,
and that includes vampires. Something in the old
monsters, in the supernatural, holds our fascination.
And simply from that truism, | contend that Vam-
pire still has plenty of horror potential, no matter
how many times you've played it. You just have to
work a little harder to get there.

It's worth the work, I promise. Let's get down to
specifics.

What makes Vampire scary? A better question
might be: What makes vampires scary? Vampires,
called by scores of different names, have been part
of human legendry as far back as legends go. Before
going into all the permutations of the last couple of
centuries, consider what a vampire is at the core: a
corpse that drinks the blood of the living. Breaking
that down even further, we have all of the horror of
ghosts; this creature was once a human being, and
now it's some horrible force of darkness. Because it
was once mortal, any of us could become one. Add
that to the very palpable fear that seeing someone
you knew to be dead walking around again would
engender, and it's easy to see why stories of vam-
pires (and their dumber cousins, zombies) have
stuck with us.

Now add the blood. Ever given blood? Even if
you're not phobic about needles (like me) or about
blood, you still have that lovely, light-headed sensa-
tion coupled with your arm going numb. Imagine
that kind of feeling but without the controlled cir-
cumstance of a needle and a nurse regulating the
blood loss. Severing the right artery can cause a
person to bleed to death in seconds. Scary, right?
What if all of that blood isn't spilling on the ground,
but the aforementioned walking corpse is drinking it?

It's not so hard to see why vampires are scary, but
it's easy to forget it, especially when we've dressed up
vampires with clans, sects, nifty powers (some of
which — let's be honest — don't bear the slightest
resemblance to classic vampire mythology), political
concerns and a good, healthy dollop of sex. It's very
easy for long-time or even new Vampire players to
create characters that focus on the Vampire backstory
rather than on the essential facts of vampiric exist-
ence.

This leads us nicely back to the question: What
isscary about Vampire? Aside from the basics (blood),
the game's parameters bring two other horrors to the
table: mystery and degeneration.

Mystery is a lure for some people, but most folks
like to see movies about mystery and keep their

everyday lives nice and predictable. Vampires in the
World of Darkness don't have that luxury. They're
told only as much as their sites want them to know
and, more importantly (I can't tell you how many
times I've said this to players), they haven't read the
books. Nothing says a young Kindred even knows
about the other clans of the Camarilla, much less the
Sabbat, much less the weird ones like the Samedi.
Nothing says the characters' sires bothered to tell
them that things like werewolves or even ghosts
really exist. Of course, as the characters are vam-
pires, they probably wouldn't think it much of a
stretch that these kinds of things are real, but it's one
thing for the coterie to discuss Lupin€S\in a safe
haven. It's quite another for them to see one — or
think they see one.

The horror of mystery is being on unsure footing.
The best horror storiés.are the ones that presenta
situation that is itvitself disturbing, allow the reader
(or viewer) to believe he has a bead on the situation,
and then pull the rug out at the last moment. While
they aren't vampire stories, Sixth Sense and\The
Others are good examples of this kind of mystery. If
you can find it, a film called Pale Blood does some-
thing similar with vampires (and presents them in
the same quasisympathetic light that our game does),
This kind of mystery in a Vampire game depends
largely on the Storyteller's presentation of events
and characters. For instance, suppose a member of a
coterie feeds on a homeless man and leaves himalive
in an alley. As he's walking away, satisfied that he's
fed without killing and his Beast has been nicely kept
in check, he hears a low moan of pain from the alley.
he turns back — and sees a humanoid figure
hunched over the homeless man, chewing at his
neck. The Storyteller's descriptions of this being are
critical toward maintaining the horror of the situa
tion. If the Storyteller says, "He looks like he'd be
about six-foot-six if he stood up. He's not a vampire,
but he's definitely some kind of supernatural crea-
ture," there's no horror here atall. Plus, the Storyteller
has given the character information that he shouldn't
know so easily, which makes maintaining mystery
difficult and actually restricts the character's options
toward resolving it (I'll get to that in a second),

But suppose the Storyteller says, "The creature
raises its eyes at you, but doesn't drop the homeless
man. You can hear its fangs scraping against bone
even from the mouth of the alley. The creature
shuffles back a bit, and you can see that it's squatting
low — if it stood up, it might well be taller than you.
As you step forward, it leaps back into the shadows.

‘Vawome Pavers Guine

In


You can hear a metallic thunk as it jumps on top of a
dumpster and a skittering sound as it climbs the brick
wall. The homeless man serabbles at your leg, but
he's dying. His chest is soaked in blood and his neck
has been chewed open." Assuming that the Story-
teller‘finished this entire descriptiof® without the
character taking some kind of action, consider what
might be going through the character's mind. The
creature he-has just seen resembles a vampire in that
it attaéked ‘a homeless man and apparently fed on
him, but it is a very messy eater and obviously cares
littlé for the Masquerade. The character might well
assume that the creature was a vampire who had gone
completely feral, or mightguess that it is something

| entirely outside of his experience. Inithis situation,
the Storyteller has presented only what the character
perceives, and thus passed responsibility of main-
taining the horrorito the player.

How éan the player help maintain thathorror?
Simply by keeping the description of what the char-
acter has seen in thatcharacter's perspective, rather
than trying to imagine its game Traits. If the player
thinks, Could be.a feral Nosferatt or Gangrel, that's a
perfectly acceptablesleap in logic andjit allows the

haracter to find the other members of the coterie
| and begin looking for this "rogue Kindred." Even if it
isn't a vampire, the characters can probably find
clues while pursuing this line of investigation. Plus,
since they're working off a premise that may.or may

not be correct, but is completely plausible within the
characters' limited experience, the Storyteller has
leave to steer the story in any direction she wishes
simply by making sure the characters find the right
clues.

) If, on the other hand, the player thinks, OK, it
can climb walls arid it eats flesh. Didn't look much like a
vampire. Bet it's a Ratkin, where does the character go
from there? The character doesn't know the first
thing about'were-anythings, let alone Ratkin, so has

"no easy-first step to.takeron the investigation. Plus,
since the character is operating froma flawed premise

(that wererats exist at all, which may or may'not be
the case in this particular: Vampire game and is
something that he wouldn't know anyway), he doesn't
have any good way to pursue the mystery. The horror
is lost because the player is sure that he knéwswhat's
going on; at that point, the game becomes a simple
matter of running the creature downand stabbing it
with the silver knives that the characters decided to
have made "on a whim."

Mystery is an important element of Vampire
even without involving other game lines. As men-
tioned earlier, a neonate knows very little of the
mountain of arcane secrets that have seen publica-
tion in various sourcebooks. That does not mean,
however, that the player shouldn't read them. All it
means is that the player needs to keep the character's
perspective in mind when the Storyteller starts using
elements from said sourcebooks.

Degeneration is probably at once the most im-
portant and most often-ignored facet of Vampire's
horror. Consider: A vampire has to cope with the
Beast on a nightly basis, so constant reminders of
that lurking monster aren't going to do anything
except encourage familiarity with the situation, and
familiarity breeds contempt. Occasional reminders
of what the Beast is and what it wants, however,
make for superbyhorror. This is as much up to the
player as to the Storyteller — after a fight, when the
street (or alley or room or whatever) is'strewn with
carnage, consider what your character's Beast is feel-
ing. Is it sated and contented (which can be scary
enough in itself), or is it pulling at its leash, spurred
onby the spilt blood? Every Kindred's Beast is differ-
ent (if | may plug, see Sins of the Blood for a
discussion, on the subject), and knowing your
character's Beast allows you to alter your roleplaying
subtly in situations where your character might grow
a little more ... volatile. After all, it's one thing
when the Storyteller says, "OK, Briari, your charac-
ter is feeling a little edgy because of all the blood
strewn about." It's an altogether differentexperience
forthe other players if, without any prodding, Brian's
character hunches over a little and his mouth hangs
openabitas he eyes the puddles of blood in the room.

A character actually losing a dot of Humanity by
blowing a @onscience roll, however, should be a
horrific eventno matter how many times it happens.
Remember that'every Kindred with any degree of
education on the subject knows that once the Beast
takes control for good, everything that was human
— or even sentient — about that vampire is gone.
Vampires are acutely aware of their mortality (be-
cause make no mistake, vampires aren't immortal,
they're just undead), and the loss of sentience all but
ensures Final Death. Vampires — and their players
— like to have control of what's going on around
them, and degeneration is a spiraling loss of control.
Glossing over it as "Whoops, blew a Conscience roll,
Pll have to buy,my Humanity back up, damn it" is a
gross disservice to this aspect of the game.

Section Tiree: Essays

173


Vane Pavers Guide

174

horror, rather than looking at everything as a cha
lenge or a target. It all comes back to perspective =
the character doesn't know that this is a game, 80
don't look at it that way. Look at the world through
your character's eyes and see the blood as blood,
rather than fuel. See the thing in the alley as what
you might become food for — or what you might
simply become. See vampires as what they are —the
dead come to prey on the living.

In short, keep it simple. Don't dilute the horror
with details.

TALH THE TALK

How to Get Involved in Political Chronicles

By Patrick O'Duffy

Storyteller: Lord Malkuth sits and motions for his
servant. "Truly youare ahard bargainer, Ventrue, and fear
you leave me little choice. So yes, I will agree to withdrawmy,
vote for Simon Argus in the contest to assume leadership of the
Red Seraphim League."

Trene: Allright! That means that Argus will lose control
of the Seraphim and won't be able to stand against Cassiel's
push to move into the Seven Points! We can increase out
influence over the west side of the city by at least 15 percent,

Dave: Don't get carried away just yet. We still have
to cement Rochester's deal with the Brujah dissidents, o
we lose our grip on Julia's Mafia family. And if that
happens, the Pact of Six Daggers falls apart and we fall
way back in the game. This doesn't end until the whole
compact is sealed in blood, and we stay here all night until
Malkuth agrees to all the clauses.

You: Oh, great ...

Storyteller: What's up, man? You haven't said
anything for a while.

You: Oh, nothing. It's just ... is there anything] can
do at this point?

Dave: Do you want to come join the negotiations? |
mean ... you might be able to do something, maybe .

You: Yeah, well, I can't think of anything. Can
you?

Dave: Umm

Irene: Well ..

Storyteller: Just hang tight a little longer, okay? We
should be able to wrap this up before too long \

You: Okay.

Storyteller: Right. Malkuth's servant brings overa
decanter of vitae and refills your glasses. "Now, with
that out of the way, let us discuss the matter of clause
number six. And I warn you, I will not budge on my
demands here | ]

You: Hey, can I fire up your Xbox?

Does this sound familiar?


Vampire isn't unique in having the potential for
chronicles containing politics, intrigue and negotia-
tions; almost all storytelling games include such
things. But Vampire gives this kind of in-character,
toleplaying-heavy maneuvering a lot more time than
Most games, and it's not uncommon to see entire
chronicles revolve around politics and social battles.

Which is all fine and dandy if you like that sort
of thing, but it kinda sucks if you don't.

Some players don't enjoy or can't get into poli-
tics- or intrigue-heavy chronicles for some reason.
Maybe you're more interested in the horror/mystical
elements of the game and find the character-based
stuff dull by comparison. Maybe you want to focus on
romance and relationships, and find political struggles
artificial and dry. Maybe you just don't like staying in
character for that long. And hey, maybe you want
your character to get into fights and action scenes,
and think all this talking-heads crap is boring.

Sometimes, players caught in that kind of not-
fun-for-them game try to force the chronicle away
from that kind of play. You could insist on doing your
own thing at the same time as the other players are
doing their negotiations, forcing the Storyteller to
tun two separate subplots simultaneously and split-
ting her attention between you and the others. That
might give you a bit of satisfaction, but it's just going
to piss everyone else off, and you're still going to end
up roleplaying away from the rest of the troupe. And
if you wanted to play on your own, you could have
just stayed home and loaded Final Fantasy X into the
Playstation.

No, if you're faced with a situation like this, you
have only two sensible options. First, you can drop
out of the chronicle and let everyone else do their
thing. That's efficient, but hardly fun, and leaves you
out in the cold. The better option, and the focus of
this essay, is to become involved in the game ina way
that doesn't irritate the others but that also doesn't
force you to sit through stuff you don't like or require
you to play ina way you find disagreeable. Many ways
exist to get you involved, ways that can make the
chronicle more enjoyable for both you and the other
players, and they all revolve around one thing: work-
ing with the troupe to bring out the fun.

Working with the Storyteller

First things first. If you're feeling left out of the
chronicle, or think the chronicle is about to go ina
politics-heavy direction, you need to sit down and
talk with your Storyteller.

Here's something you need to know about your
Storyteller: She wants you to have fun. She isn't just
running this game for her own sake; she wants you
(and all the other players) to have a good time and
enjoy yourselves. If she knows you're having trouble
getting into the chronicle, she'll go out of her way to
bring you and your character into the game. She
probably won't just ditch all the politics, if that's an
element that she or other players enjoy, but the two
of you can do plenty to create a chronicle with room
for you.

Striking a Balance

If the chronicle includes politics and intrigue,
you need to accept that and not try to diminish that
aspect. Instead, talk to the Storyteller about bring-
ing out other elements as well, ones you enjoy and
can sink your teeth into. Ask her to include oppor-
tunities for romance, or horror, or action, or whatever
it is that floats your boat, in addition to the intrigue
and political maneuvering.

Of course, a chronicle has only so much room,
and only so many hours of game time each chapter.
Your Storyteller can't put everything in all at once;
she has to juggle elements and try to find a good
working balance. That means that yes, sometimes
the politics dominates the game, and sometimes the
stuff you like takes center stage. Be patient; if the
Storyteller knows you want some spotlight time,
you'll have some spotlight time soon enough.

Suggest Storylines

The more help and material you give your Story-
teller, the more she can cater to your tastes in the
chronicle. If you're not involved in the politics-
heavy storylines, suggest story ideas that will interest
you. Don' task for specific things to happen or present

complete story ideas. Instead, give your Storyteller a
basic story idea or framework that she can work from,
something like "My character could be tracking
down information in the Nosferatu sewer kingdom,"
or "Maybe the Ventrue try to target my character and
turn him into a spy."

For the best results, suggest ideas that connect
with the intrigue and politics stuff. If the rest of the
troupe is negotiating with a street gang, you might go
on a raid with that gang against their enemies to
improve the relationship, or steal their supplies and
equipment to weaken them and make them more
likely to agree to the demands. You need to talk these
ideas over with the other players, not just the Story-
teller (more about that below).

Section Tenet: Essays

115


Playing the Numbers

This is a simple thing, but it's worth pointing
out. Whether or not you enjoy the political end of
things, your character has his own strengths, and
social interaction may be one of them. Kindred are
social beings who exist in a complex network of
favors and obligations, and no one, not even the
most solitary Caitiff outsider, can completely ignore
that. You may want your character to be able to cope
in social situations, even if you don't really enjoy
playing out the scene, just as other players might
create combat-capable characters despite not being
that interested in combat. That's a perfectly valid
attitude to take when making your character, but it
leaves you in the odd position of having a character
that works toward stories you don't enjoy.

If you're playing a character with good social
skills but don't enjoy playing out negotiations and
interactions in detail, ask your Storyteller if you can
gloss over the details and simply focus on the me-
chanical end of things. Traits and dice pools are
there to represent your character's strengths, not
yours. You don't need to be a black belt to play a
martial artist, and you don't have to be a master
diplomat to play a socially adroit Ventrue.

If the Storyteller's cool with it, treat social scenes
like combat or other mechanics-focused scenes. Sum-
marize your character's style and goals, let the dice
do the work and cut to the chase. You lose the in-
character roleplaying aspect, but if that isn't fun for
you, it's no loss, and your character remains involved
in the story.

Don't Bitch

It shouldn't need to be said, but let's say it
anyway. You can complain and be a pain in the ass by
demanding more attention, pulling focus from other
players or forcing the Storyteller to run little parallel
stories that are just about you. But you're just going
to piss everyone else off, and they'll be right to be
upset. If you're not involved in a scene, let it go.
Read, have something to eat, go for a walk and think
about the next scene. Have the sense to accept that
not every aspect of the game is going to be about your
character and focus on the parts that are.

Working with the Other Players

Talking to the Storyteller is the first step. Talk-
ing with the other players in the troupe is the next.
Hell, do it at the same time. Like you, the other
players are here to roleplay and have a good time;
like the Storyteller, they aren't here to deny you your

fun as well. If they know you're not getting much out

of the game, they'll be inclined to help you out, as
long as it doesn't diminish the fun they're getting out
of the chronicle. The trick is to find ways of increas-
ing your fun and opportunities that also increase
those things for the other players, and that isn't hard,

Reciprocal Involvement

You've been talking with your Storyteller about
your ideas for stories and chronicle events. Now
bring the other players in on those stories. Work
with them to develop hooks and niches in your ideas
that their characters can fill, and ways in which they
can influence the stories you've suggested. Your
character will likely stay the focus of these stories,
but he'll share some spotlight with all the characters
in the coterie. In return, your fellow players will
probably tinker with their own political stories and
their character's machinations to make more room:
(and more spotlight time) for your character.

Of course, the problem isn't just that your char
acter isn't involved in the intrigue. It's also that he
might be limited in how he can be involved. Let's
look at some ways your character can work with his
fellows to be useful.

Behind the Scenes

Intrigue and politics are based around balances
and agreements, with every side trying to gain a
slight advantage over the others. Events that happen
away from the negotiating table, such as the death of
a major player, can make a major difference to the
balance of power. A great role for a skilled but
nonsocial character is to play with the stakes behind
the scenes. Your character could be a hidden agentof
change, striking your group's rivals in ways that give
your coterie an advantage at the parleying session.
This could be as cold-blooded a sinating a rival,
as hands-off as hacking into secret databases and
financial records, or as exotic as traveling to Roma-
nia to investigate the origins of your chief rival's
bloodline.

If this is too aggressiv
around. Your group has just as many weak points as
your riv
infiltration. Instead of attacking your rivals, protect
your allies. Your character could be in charge of
defending the secrets and resources of his coterie,
with duties like chasing down security leaks, cover-
ing up breaches of the Masquerade or shoring up
firewalls around important data. All of this can be
done before or during negotiations, and protects
your group for the destabilizing forces pitted against
it. Your character might not come to the table, but
the others only make it that far because of his efforts.

‘Vaworre Pavers Gude

176

for your liking, turn it J

s and is just as vulnerable to sabotage and })

Rag re >e ne ee sus

ay

bi
at
oI
ov
th
dc
or

st
ut
ts.

arrot and Stick

If your character isn't working behind the scenes,
he can be involved in the negotiations indirectly as
part of the c

1. Pacts and agreements always come
with price tags and rewards, bribes and incentives,
and perhaps your character can play a role here. He
might

to lend his skills to your group's rivals for
atime in exchange for a major concession, giving his
mind or muscle to their cause, while taking notes
about their operations for the benefit of his allies.
Another option might be that your character agrees
to drink the vitae of one of the negotiators, putting
him a little closer to being blood bound. That's
something that can spin the chronicle in lots of new
directions, but it doesn't incur the same political risk
that partial bonding of a more intrigue-focused char-
acter might carry.

Don't like being the carrot? Then maybe you can
be the stick. Someone has to enforce the agreements
and pacts the others put into place, make sure every-
one honors the contract, and punish those who step
out of line. Your character's intervention can be the
threat the others use to make their opponents back
down. This is easy if you're playing a killing machine
or powerful sorcerer, but other characters can play

this role too. If your character's rivals know he can
cripple their finances with his business-sector con-
tacts, they'll toe the line for fear of losing part of their
powerbase.

Playing the Front Man

Another option for being involved is trickier but
puts significantly more spotlight onto your charac-
ter. He can be the front man for his group, playing
mouthpiece or figurehead for the coterie. He as-
sumes the spotlight while his viziers work in secret.
This is a great role for a character who should be
prominent in politics, due to things like high Status
or Influence, or who has credibility and a squeaky-
clean reputation

This kind of arrangement is reminiscent of poli-
tics in the real world. You can play the president or
senator or movie star, the one everyone looks at; the

other characters are advisors and spin doctors and
the brains behind the operation. The other players
do all the heavy lifting and political work, using your
character as a mouthpiece. Your character has all the
attention, and you do as little or as much in-charac-
ter roleplaying and politicking as you feel comfortable
with.


Working with Yourself

All of the above ideas are ways to integrate your
character at least partially into the political shenani-
gans of the rest of the troupe. For that to work,
though, and for you to increase your enjoyment of
the chronicle, it's not enough for the Storyteller and
other players to do all the work and change the way
they play. It's up to you as well. You need to take
step back from the gaming table and take a look at
your character, and at yourself, and make any changes
needed to make the whole thing fall into place.

Don't Play a Social Noncombatant

If the chronicle has a strong political focus, you
really need to give your character some kind of
political ability, even if you never plan to use it. In
a chronicle that focuses on combat and action, it's
foolish to give your character no combat abilities.
Even a couple of dots in Dodge and a small pistol are
enough to elevate you from pure victim status in that
situation. Similarly, don't play a complete political
nonentity in an intrigue-based chronicle, or the
other players can't involve you, and your character
just becomes a target for Storyteller characters to
manipulate easily. A couple of dots in Empathy and
a decent Wits Attribute will protect your character
from being used too terribly often, while a few dots in
Influence, Status or Resources give you options on
those occasions you do play a part in the wheeling
and dealing.

Don't Play a Social Combat Monster

If you find combat dull, you wouldn't play a
heavily armed Brujah with maxed-out Celerity and
Potence, because all your character's strengths are in
an area you don't want to explore. Similarly, don't
play a character with strong political and intrigue
abilities if you don't like the political aspects of
Vampire. All that does is cause problems in the game
and piss off the other players. They'll feel that you
could be doing more to help them in thé €hronicle,
but you won't take advantage of your character's
abilities.

Sure, take ay¢haracter with good Social At-
tributes, with strong Influence or Status, with
Subterfuge and Empathy. These are all useful. in
plenty of situations and are great if you're going for
the front-man role mentioned earlier. But don't load
up with more than you need, or more than you're
willing to work with, because it'll just be a waste.
Take on the Traits you're prepared to play and work
with in at least a little detail and leave the rest
behind.

Accept Compromise

If you don't like political games and the other
players do, you need to accept that you will probably
never have things completely to your liking. Don't
aim to reduce the level of politics. Instead, aim to
increase the presence of those game elements you do
enjoy, and tie those into the politics so that you can
gain some fun from the negotiating stuff. You'll
probably have to involve your character with the
intrigue, but only to a limited extent. You won't
need to go past your comfort/boredom threshold ifall
the other players know where that threshold is.

If you've discussed stories and ideas with the
Storyteller, you also need to accept that the political
stories may take center stage first. It is possible to run
scenes in parallel, by cutting between what your
character is doing and what the others are up to at
the council meeting, but it's hard to pull that off in
a satisfactory manner. Such "meanwhile" scenes are
usually too short to be enjoyable, and the other
players can grow listless if the scenes are any longer.
It's better to leave the parallel material until the
right moment, which could be halfway through the
political scene or right at the end, and then run
through a reasonably sized scene. If that means that
you don't do much for a while, leave the game fora
bit. Get something to eat, read through supplements
or go for a walk while you work out your upcoming
scene in your head. This isn't you-being-ignored
time, this is you-getting-ready-for-your-spotlight-
scene time, and it's worth taking.

Remember, everyone in the troupe is here to
have fun, and everyonewants the other members of
the troupe to have fun toowY6u don't have to take
fun away fromthe other players to increase your own,
and yott don't have to decrease your own enjoyment
by sitting passively by while everyone else does his
own thing. Get in there, talk to the others, put your
ideas on the*tabley and see what you can come up
with as a group.

You Art WHO You Eat

Why Interesting Feeding Habits Aren't Just for the
Ventrue

By Adam Tinworth

What's the defining characteristic of a vampire?
If you've been playing Vampire: The Masquerade
for a while, the chances are that answers like "poli-
tics" or "the struggle with the Beast" will spring to
mind. Both are reasonable answers, but both miss the
point. What is it about vampires that drawisto them
in the first place? What's the one, unique factor that

\Vaweme PLavers Guibe

178


separates them from the general mass of supernatural
monsters that populate myth?

The simple but easily forgotten answer is that a
yampire drinks blood from living people to survive.
It steals life from others in order to sustain its own
unlife. The need to be a predator is something that
it's very easy to forget in a Vampire chronicle, yet
which is at the heart of virtually every vampire myth.
To be fair, it's partially our fault. White Wolf has
produced dozens of excellent supplements delving
into the depth and complexity of vampiric existence
to help you get the most out of your story. [tis
amazing how little space in those books has been
devoted to a single fact: To survive, a vampire has to
drive its fangs into yielding human flesh and suck out
the warm, thick blood within. What is the point of
playing a vampire rather than any other form of
monster if you aren't going to give at least some
thought to the blood-drinking aspect of the charac-
ter?

Think of your early encounters with the vampire
archetype in horror. Remember the chill of the idea
of this half-dead creature stalking silently through
your darkened room and swiftly draining out your life
through two deep wounds in your neck. Recall the
terror of feeling your body grow slowly colder as the
night stalker steals away your life-giving blood, until
blackness takes you for good. If you're more familiar
with modern reinterpretations of the myth, think of
the eroticism of the feeding, the bite on the neck
that much resembles a passionate lover's kiss, mingled
with the danger of this monster sharing this intimate
moment with you. When was the last time you had
amoment like that in one of your sessions?

If the answer is "not recently," don't worry; it's
an easy thing to miss. We have all done it, both as
players and Storytellers. The heat is on the charac-
ters, their enemies are closing in, and soon it will be
a fight to the Final Death. Rather than spend any
time either in or out of game on feeding, the charac-
ters just grab some hapless passers-by and drain them
of the much-needed blood. Honestly, in times of
high stress for your character, that's a likely and
convenient response. Unless the Storyteller really
wants to rack up the pressure, the time taken to
concentrate on a feeding scene will distract from the
dramatic flow of the story. Just suck the blood bag
and move on, but be aware that such a careless
feeding should have consequences down the road, if
the Storyteller is on the ball.

Why Should I Bother?

While it may seem like unnecessary effort, spend-
ing the time needed to focus on your character's true
nature through his feeding habits can be a huge boost
to the atmosphere of the story. Nothing forces you to
develop a detailed picture of how and where your
character feeds; it's certainly not a requirement of
the rules. Of course, nothing in the rules forces you
to decide on your character's hair color or fashion
choices either, but most players do it to give the
characters more depth and detail. Well, the same
applies to feeding habits, except this time it is a
detail about the character's unlife that you draw from
his vampiric nature and not his mortal life.

The way your character goes about getting hi
nightly supply of blood also tells you much about his
attitude toward humanity. Feeding is the one thing
in his existence that forces him into the company of
mortals. The necessity of drinking blood ties vam-
pires to humanity forever, and the way your character
chooses to feed tells you a little about how he
chosen to adapt to that relationship. These atti-
tudes, of course, will have a significant bearing on
your character's Humanity or Path rating, depending
on which morality he follows. Moralities that are
explicitly pro- or antikilling mortals in some way will
both be put to the test when your character feeds,
which is another good reason for not glossing over
feeding scenes.

More than that, it also gives you a significant
insight into the character's nightly routine, which
gives your sessions a useful structure and stops you
casting around for ideas of the night's prey. In fact,
this benefit to you and the character is the same: You
need to invest less time and effort in feeding. Other
benefits come with these routine, however. Com-
pare and contrast, if you will, the two following
sample sessions.

Basic

Storyteller: "OK, James rises from his daytime
sleep around 6 PM. What do you do first?"

David: "Well, the prince has called a meeting in
Elysium for 10 PM. I'ma little low on blood, so I need
to refill."

Storyteller: "How are you going to do that?"

David: "Oh, I dunno. Grab a couple of tramps
somewhere."

Storyteller: "Well, your haven is in a pretty
rough area of town. You find a tramp in an alley in

less than an hour. He's in no position to resist. How

long do you drink?"

SecmiOn Tues: Essays

179


David: "I'm pretty low on blood, and no one's
gonna miss him if he diés. I'll take about five points
and then dump him by the dumpster."

Enhanced

Storyteller: "OK, James rises from his daytime
sleep around 6 PM. What do you do first?"

David: "Well, James is pretty hungry when he
rises. He's got some time on his hands, so he heads
down to bars on West Street, as usual. He's looking
for jocks out on the town as normal."

Storyteller: "As James makes his way through
the familiar colorful streets around the university
district of town, he can't help but notice that things
are much quieter than normal. By the time he reaches
West Street, he knows something's wrong. There are
barely any cars parked and the bars look dead."

David: "Damn. Something's*up, and I've ‘only
got a few hours before Elysium to figure it out. OK. |
look for anyone at all in the usual bars. I might be
able to get some information and blodd at thé same
time."

As I'm sure you can see, the'second example is
significantly more vivid than the first. We gain a
sense of the neighborhood of James's haven; which is
also his assigned hunting ground. The Storyteller
knows that the character is familiar with the locale
and can thus use it tosow hints of upéoming plotlines.
James's actions and reactions feel more real because
David has a thuch clearer. picturé of how he feeds
each evening.

Unless your character is damned blasé about
leaving bloodless corpses, he's probably going to
have 'to:feed every two or three nights and perhaps
more frequently. Defining his pattern of feeding, and
in particular location, prey and'methods, gives a
routine that you can start to build his nightly activi-
ties around during the chapter.

Feeding habits are also something that you'can
develop in conjunction with the other characters ih.
the chronicle. Does the coterie or pack feed to-
gether, or separately? Vampires, like us, are stuck
with some nightly routines and obligations toothers
that they cannot ignore. Your Storyteller probably
already prefers that you give at least some detail on
how your character feeds every time you want to top
up the blood pool.

Detailing how your character feeds.is an inescap-
able part of creating a really good Vampire character.
The fact is that your character is a vampire, a blood-
drinking supernatural predator, and the act of feeding
is a necessity and core to his being and the course of

Vawe Payers Gupe

180

the story. So, rather than asking, "Why should [?,"
perhaps we should be asking what possible reason
you have for not putting in the effort to make it an |
interesting part of your character's personality rather i
than an irritating distraction during the story. Re
ally, you don't have a good reason not to make the |
effort: It's what playing a vampire is all about.
Developing the Habits

How should you go about deciding how your |
character feéds? It might be worth looking at her |
eating habits prior to her Embrace. We mortals are |
funny creatures when it comes to food. Some people
will eat anything, while others are very fussy eaters.
A number of people choose to eat nothing but junk |
food, while others are happy only in expensive res-
taurants. For a few people, cooking and eating are
some of the great pleasures of existence.

Try filtering those ideas through the vampire's
framé of mind. Bear in mind thatthevampire's thirst | i
for blood isymore consuming and interise than our
own hunger, unless we are on the brink of starvation. |
This desire for blood.oc€upies the space inithe mortal
psyche that is taken aip with any number of desires,
all linked with survival. The need for blood replaces
the need for sex, love and even companionship, alla
which mortals, asa species, need to sutvive. A
vampire can, potentially, exist forever as long as she
receives a stéady supply of blood. So all the survival
impulses having to do with reproduction, food and
defense in, mortals ate replaced in this one, all-
consuming desire for blood.in vampires. In fact, you
could imagine your ‘character as someone who is|
always just above that all-consuming hunger of Star-
vation and. who finds herself surrounded by tasty |
morsels. How doés:shedeal.with that situation
use the examples of mortal behavior above, does'she
just snack on any old person who happens by, or does
she select exactly the sort of person she wants as her.
prey? Does she just grab a derelict on the street and
get-a quick draft of blood, or does she choose only
healthy, well exercised people with strong, rich blood?
Does she select a meal, ply that-vessel with food or
drink to.enhance her flavor a touch, and then entjay
a leisurely sup from her neck?

Vampires are no longer mortal, but many ofthe
attitudes and habits spring from their breathing days.
Blood occupies roughly the same spot in their aware-
ness that food used to, but with a passion and intensity
that mere cuisine lacks. Indeed, it also has a strong,
addictive element, as if blood is at once the vampire's
food and drug. The range of attitudes mortals have
toward their food are reflected in the vampire popu-

i
J

lation as well. Where does your character sit on that
spectrum, and how has her addiction to her food
changed her?

Seeking a Bloody Example

Previous Vampire supplements sometimes refer
to mortals as "cattle," especially in in-character sec-
tions. That is not as good a metaphor as you might
think. The flavor of beef doesn't actually vary hugely.
Sure, you have a few different cuts of steak and you
can always roast a joint, but the decision tends to
come down to "tasty" or "not tasty" (usually based on
the amount of fat in the beef). A better metaphor for
blood would be something like whiskey. All whiskey
is essentially the same thing: an alcoholic liquid
distilled from grain. You have three broad categories
of whiskies, however — Irish, Scotch and American
—and dozens to hundreds of graduations of flavor
within those categories.

Blood is much like that. While all blood is a
combination of platelets and other blood cells sus-
pended in plasma, every individual has her own
distinct taste to a vampire's palate. Broad similarities
exist by racial group and area of origin. Similarities
occur in all women's blood and all men's, too. Family
lines contribute a little something to the overall
taste, as do state of health and lifestyle.

All vampires start off liking blood, just as a
whiskey connoisseur starts his drinking career by just
liking whiskey. It is only later on that he develops a
palate that can differentiate the subtleties of the
different forms of whiskey. Blood is much the same
for your characters. She started her unlife just learn-
ing to hunt and drink, and relishing the flavor of the
blood. It is only as she slowly grows accustomed to
this new existence that she grows able to detect the
subtlety of taste each different person brings. Your
character might well decide on a favored flavor of
blood and, when left to his own devices, take the
time and effort it takes to track down athletes ("I find
the richness of their blood intoxicating"), drug users
("Gotta love the rush you get off them clubbers.
Damn, E makes unlife halfway bearable") or even a
couple of families ("There's something in the Slater
blood that just tastes wonderful. You really should
try it sometime").

The Practical Predator

Your character's feeding habits do not necessar-
ilystem solely from his enjoyment of his food, though.
Just as some people are happy just to gobble down
some fast food, some vampires just drink blood with

THe VenTRuE Issue

You might well be thinking that defining
feeding preferences forall vampires takes away the
uniqueness of the Ventrue clan weakness. It's true
that the inability to feed on anyone but a chosen
class of prey makes the Ventrue unique. The dis-
tinction here is between compulsion and choice.
The Ventrue have literally no choice in their
dining companions: They cannot take sustenance
from any other type of mortal. For other vampires
a feeding preference is just that, an affected prefer-
ence that is determined by behavioral choices and
not by any inherent need of their unliving condi-
tion. In addition, a choice of prey is only the
beginning of determining a set of feeding prefer-
ences. The real details flow from there. How does
the character track down his prey? How does he
take the blood, through force or through seduc-
tion? Does he habitually stalk the same parts of his
assigned feeding ground?

no regard for its culinary qualities. These characters
almost certainly have their own feeding preferences,
though, driven by factors such as convenience, so-
cial class and habit. Camarilla vampires will have
certain domains and hunting grounds, and choosing
to prey on the upper classes doesn't make much sense
if your character is stuck with an inner-city slum.
The sort of people resident in the neighborhood will
still limit your character's feeding choices.

A Sabbat Cainite usually has more freedom in
where he decides to feed. His apparent social stand-
ing in mortal society still restricts him, unless he's
prepared to use some of his Disciplines to aid his
feeding. Burning blood to get blood seems like an
odd choice, unless your character has really become
a blood connoisseur, hunting out the rare vintages.

Your character's feeding habits are also going to
affect the way other vampires regard him. At the
simplest level that means any character who is a
sloppy eater, leaving evidence behind that could
create trouble for others, will drop in others' esteem,
possibly with unlife-shortening consequences. On a
more sophisticated level, a vampire who feeds exclu-
sively on young, beautiful women is sending a very
different message from one who chooses to prey on
soccer moms instead. That message could be any-
thing from "He's an aesthete who enjoys the beauty
of certain mortal females" to "He's been undead 10
years, so isn't it time he stopped thinking with his
dick?," depending on the character and the observer.

Secmion Tunes: Essays

181

This is something that you can easily exploit to your
character's advantage, if you're trying to create a
particular image for him.

A Word of Caution

It's worth noting that by giving your character
an identifiable feeding pattern, you are also giving
the character a weakness. The character is indulging
in a pattern of behavior that a rival or enemy could
discern and turn to her advantage. Still, that should
not put you off doing it. The gain in the atmosphere
of the chronicle more than offsets the risk, and aren't
a character's flaws far more interesting than her
virtues anyway?

In Conclusion

A vampire drinks blood to exist. Everything else
is merely part of the details, a set of distractions to
keep boredom and stagnation at bay over the centu-
ries and fill the gaps between feedings. If you take the
time to make your character's hunting and feeding
behavior clear, vivid and realistic, you have created
a great bedrock on which you can build the rest of his
existence. With just a touch of effort, you can put
those atmospheric feeding moments from books and
movies back into your games, and remind yourself
exactly what it means to play an unliving predator
once again.

BEHIND THE MASK
oF NORMALCY
By Dean Shomshak

Vampire: The Masquerade presents a world
that superficially resembles our own. Those similari-
ties of traffic jams and TV news, suburbs and soccer
moms, however, mask a secret world of ageless mon-
sters, mad conspiracies and bloody predation — the
World of Darkness. These vampires don't lurk in
some cobwebby Transylvanian castle, saying "Goood
Eeevening" as they sweep down the stairs in Victo-
rian drag. They dwell in familiar cities, among people
just like you.

They could be anyones Even you.

So run with that idea. Vampire may have a
reputation as a game for (and about) angsty goth
posers, but let's face it, most of us players are ordi-
nary, middle-class people. Very few of us,could be
mistaken for punk gang-bangers, transgendered sex
workers, death-obsessed poets, Mafia enforcers, se-
cretive tycoons or other Gothic-Punk stereotypes.
So why do so many vampire characters fill these
roles? Aren't these subcultures just another sort of
Transylvania, distancing our characters from the

Vawore PLavers Guipe

182

existence we know and thereby making them abit...
safer?

Players and Storytellers sometimes forget about
that mask of normalcy. The full horror and strange-
ness of the World of Darkness comes from its intimate
links to the real world. The shock of finding some-
thing nasty and supernatural hiding behind the
normal and familiar adds to the intrinsic horror of
blood-drinking corpses and vicious secret plots. The
world itself becomes uncertain and treacherous.

Asa Storyteller, then, you face the challenge of
first building the mask of normalcy — and then
destroying it. You can do this through a number of
simple techniques.

Funny, They Don't Look Dark ...

Show the characters vampires who look like
normal people, in normal surroundings. Don't let
your chronicle become an endless round of strip
clubs, sewer tunnels, rotting tenements and ruined
churches — or, for that matter, ornate mansions,
glittering corporate boardrooms, art museums and
society parties. Lurid low-life and high society are i}
both, in their ways, deviant subcultures: Most people
don't belong to them, and they set their own stan: | \
dards of behavior. Wine and cheese at the art gallery
just has better press. You expect to find abnormal
people in abnormal surroundings, so vampires look
right at home with their body piercings, Edwardian
frockcoats and five-thousand-dollar silk suits.

Instead, make sure the characters meet some
Kindred who look like soccer moms or store cletks=
boring, middle-class people. Place them in. banal
surroundings, too, like mini-marts and all-night bud-
get restaurants. Kindred €hgage in a Masquerade,
remember?PhE prince of the city is easy to find ifhe
insists on dressing like Louis XIV as he conducts
business, at the opera. Hunters may have a harder
time finding him if he wears Levis and uses a
laundromat as his cover. The vessels strung up by
their heels become more shocking in the laundromat's
back room than in an ivy-clad mansion or penthouse
suite, too.

This doesn't mean you should eschew deviant
corners of society. Revel in them, but keep them
connected to the rest of society. Fetish night at the
gay. bar — or a gala at the art musetifn — means more
if the characters (and players) receive frequent re-
minders that these are only little bits of the world,
not the norm.

Go beyond the usual suspects, t60)by leading the
characters into more obscure subcultures. Pigeon-


fanciers or Latin clubs may not seem "dark," but they
can leave the characters feeling out of their depth.

While you're at.it, throw the characters for
another loop by placing mortals they know in these
unexpected surroundings. A line of junkies begging
the sadistic dealer for their fix becomes more shock-
ing when a character sees her old dental hygienist
among the anonymous crew ... or dispensing) the
drugs.

What goes for the undead goes for their hunters
as well. Grim-faced men with big crosses and big
guns under their trenchcoats are dangerous, but they
won't surprise the players. Deadly Avon ladies, on'
the other hand, should weird them out quite nicely.
A Boy Scout troop that's entirely too well prepared
also provides disorientation with the danger.

You don't have to limit yourself*to vampires,
either. The Adversaries chapter of the Vampire core
book provides werewolves, magi, faeries and wraiths.
You can adapt creatures from other World of Datk-
ness.games:as\well»Do not say what they/até. Keep
them as mysterious as possible by making them seem
like mortals with inexplicable powers. Allow thema
Masquerade as tight as the Cainites'. For instance; do
not present faeries as\pointy-eared, magical refugees
from a Renaissance Fairey Instead, have'the charac-
ters encounter a trio of little girls with unnaturally
Knowing eyes, who sing vaguely ominous songs while
out skipping rope past their bedtime -:. and strangé
things happen soon afterward. Likewise, the subur-
ban shaman merely seems like a fellow walking héme
after a day of feeding the pigeons or playing chess in
the park — but any Cainite who tries to feed on hin'
finds himself attacked by dog packs or stricken bythe
occasional downed power line.

The Ordinary amid the Strange

You can also inject familiar, ordinary elements
into situations that ought\to be bizarre and gro-
tesque. They seem just aS incongruous and
disorienting as a bit Of strangeness amid the familiar
éyer could.

Imagine, for instance, that the characters visit
an archetypal Tzimisce with a horribly warped ghoul
slave or two. In this case, the Fiend took two brothers
and merged them into a two-headed, conjoined-twin
monstrosity. Pretty grotesque, but also pretty stan-
dard for the Fiends. Now set the two heads arguing
over who Mom liked best, or whose turn it is to wash
the dishes, and the everyday sibling bickering makes
the scene more disturbing. Monsters shouldn't act

like your family ...
do it.

The Truth Is Out There — Way Out There

As characters explore the secret World of Dark-
ness, they discover conspiracies of vampires pulling
the strings behind mortal affairs. Conspiracy itself,
however, does not intrinsically inspire horror. In
some ways, plots by "Secret Masters" make the world
less frightening: They give you someone to blame for
monstrous or tragic events. A war, a famine, terror-
ism, political corruption and tyranny — it isn't
chaos, human error and stupidity, it's; really the
Jyhad! Which means you can fight it ... and if you
don't, you have a perfect excuse-for your apathy,
because poor little you can't hopeyto thwart the
omnipotent Antediluvians.

When you get right down to it, though, do you
really care about this,supposed Great Jyhad? If the
Sabbat killed Kennedy, how does that affect your
unlife? No, to generate fear from secret Cainite
machinations, they mustaffect characters personally
and concretely. "The Ventrue control the WTO" is
abstract, temote and, therefore, meaningless. "The
Ventrue primogen runs the local Kiwanis as a blood
cult — and my father just applied to join!" carries
more immediate impact. A character has to do some-
thing about a situation like that.

If you do want to bring grand-scale conspiracy
into your games, try to avoid thé usual suspects like
the Cold War, famous assassinations, presidential
elections, the CIA and the Freemasons. Too many
conspiracy theorists have trodden the ground before
you to leave any real shock. Get weird, bring it home
to the characters and, while you're at it, give the
Kindred some reason for their plots.

For instance, suppose Clan Tremere subverts the
American Library Association's administration
through mesmeric conditioning and blood bonds.
They do this to influence which books libraries buy,
and therefore which books are published — aca-
demic and public libraries constitute a large market
share for some kinds of books. ALA conventions
give the Tremere a chance to survey the profession
and select useful pawns. The conspiracy extends to
the library system of the city where you set your
chronicle. The main branch conceals the local
Tremere chantry. Beware when the bookmobile trav-
els at night — the chantry's regent may have sent it
to kill or capture someone who knows too much or
interfered with her plans.

which is the best reason for you to

SeCTION Taree: Essays

183


A conspiracy like that might actually surprise
characters and players. It also gives you a chance to
turn something familiar and friendly — a bookmo-
bile — into something strange and frightening.

Long Time No See

Don't cut characters off from their pasts. Bring in
relatives, old friends and old enemies at inconve-
nient moments. Remind the characters of their
connections to mortals so you can destroy those
connections or show the danger of maintaining them.
Meeting the high-school football star who crushed
your adolescent heart gives interesting opportunities
to work out issues ... and discover how much of a
monster you've become.

Victims whom the characters know carry more
emotional impact, too. If a character sees another
vampire grab an anonymous stranger, drink him dry
and throw the body in a chipper, that's certainly
nasty, but not entirely unexpected. If the character
sees the other vampire kill his old babysitter, that's
a whole other level of shock.

Nothing brings home the horror of undeath
better than family. Insist that players spell out what
their characters do about their parents, siblings and,
if applicable, children. Every choice can lead to
horror, or at least to a situation the character does
not want to face.

Do you tell your family you've become a vam-
pire? You've just broken the Masquerade in a big
way. If your prince, archbishop or other superior
learns what you did, he will insist that you make sure
your relatives never tell anyone else. This might
mean blood bonds or Dominate conditioning. At
worst, your superior decides that dead relatives tell
no tales. Be prepared: Your relatives' lives and free
will may depend on how well you argue that any
action taken to silence them would endanger the
Masquerade more than their cooperation.

Even if your family avoids such extreme mea-
sures, you place nearly as great a moral burden on
them as you carry yourself. Every Cainite eventually
kills. What do your relatives do when they discover
your crimes? They say a mother's love has no limits.
Care to put that to the test? If your mother decides
that no matter what, you're still her little boy or girl,
her attempts to help you in your new unlifestyle can
become disturbing in their own way.

All this assumes that your family does not try to
destroy you right away. They might. What do you do
when your own father comes at you with a stake and

a hammer while vowing to tell the world of the
danger it faces from your hell-spawned kind?

You could try to stay in contact with your family
but hide your true nature. Good luck; you'll need it,
Sooner or later, someone wants to see you during the |
day. How many excuses can you give before your |
parents suspect that something has gone Very Wrong
Indeed?

When (not if) your family figures out that you've

. changed ... go back to "Do you tell your family
you've become a vampire" — except now they have
even less reason to trust you. Especially if they found
out because you frenzied at a family gathering and
killed your sister.

Do you cut yourself off from your family? They
might try to find out why. Can you keep up this harsh
deception when your mother asks, tears streaming
down her face, what she did to make you hate her!
(Although this doesn't work if you were estranged
from your family before your Embrace.)

You could even try to fake your own death and
create a new identity. That may protect you from
your past ... fora while. A clever Storyteller can still
arrange a surprise meeting with a relative or an old
friend. How far will you go to preserve this fraud?

Will the Real Monster Please Stand Up

Purely human evil can horrify as much as any-
thing supernatural. For instance, even a single case
of child sexual abuse inspires horror in any sane
person. Now reflect on the recent Roman Catholic
Church scandal, which revealed archbishops hiding,
protecting abusive priests to shield their dioceses from.
scandal and expensive lawsuits. A few years before
that, the Belgian police found an international pe-
dophile ring that regularly flew its members to the
brothels of Southeast Asia. You don't need blood-
sucking corpses for a conspiracy of monstrous evil. If
you took a situation like this and added vampires,
you would not make the conspiracy more horrifying,
but you might make the vampires more horrifying,
and that's what you want.

Horror fiction has thrived on madness, obsession
and secret crime from ancient myth to Stephen
King. They work well in Vampire, too. A Cainite's
very survival depends on crimes that it must hide
from the
because mortals are bigoted, it exists because the
Kindred threaten lives every time they feed. Given
such training in concealment and deception, would |
you wonder if vampires indulged other criminal ap |
petites? Let your players decide for themselves which

‘Vawene PLavers Gue

184

world. The Masquerade does not exist |

disturbs them more: the Cainite who hides his per-
verse obsessions from his fellow monsters, or the one
who doesn't care? Either way, you link the character
to thoughts and deeds that inspire fear and revulsion
in their own right.

Remember that not all the secrets or the mon-
sters in the World of Darkness need to be supernatural
or conspiratorial. Not even most of them need to be.
You can conjure just as much horror and disorienta-
tion from revelations about people the characters
thought they knew. Let a character realize that his
nice Aunt Mary is the Dominatrix Dungeon's queen,
and he'll never trust anything or anyone again

You can also build a mood of horror by accumu-
lating smaller revelations about a neighborhood. As
the characters discover the family doctor who "plays
doctor" with his own children, the wife who plots
with her lover to kill her husband, the highly vocal
champion of public morality who is actually an
alcoholic, and the gossip, rivalries and secret at-
tempts to sabotage marriages and careers, an ordinary
suburban neighborhood can become something like
an antechamber of Hell.

Twisted Television

Sad to say, most of us know television better
than we know each other's lives. For a more ad-
vanced sort of mindfuck, send the characters into
situations modeled on TV and movie clichés, suit-
ably twisted to accommodate the undead. For
instance, one standard Vampire element is the bar
where vampires can buy blood. For one story, try
turning this blood bar into an episode of Cheers,
complete with a blowhard would-be harpy at the end
of the bar. Sabbat often dwell in communal havens,
like a bloody parody of a family or circle of friends;
draw inspiration from soaps and sitcoms like Seventh
Heaven (Sabbat packs include a priest ...), Thr
Company or Friends, but remember that the charac-
ters are all bloodsucking animated corpses. For
something truly demented, though, try a heartwarm-
ing holiday special in which the characters learn the
true meaning of Palla Grande, or a very bleak Christ-
mas story, showing the characters the full depth of
their damnation

Moderation

Don't overdo it. If you make everything twisted,
conspiratorial and supernatural, the players come to
expect it. The weirdness loses its force. Instead of
horror, you have a freak show — and people laugh at
freak shows. Most mortals should still lead normal
lives, untouched either by the supernatural or by

Stcmion Tues: Essays

185

madness and evil. If the players feel, however, that
madness and evil might lurk anywhere, unseen, to
erupt at any time, you have ably conveyed the sense
of a true World of Darkness.

ON AND OFF CAMERA

By Conrad Hubbard

One thing Vampire players eventually discover
is that each of them is a Storyteller part of the time,
as the chronicle's plot hinges upon the decisions that
they make for the main characters of the story as
much as it does upon the "real" Storyteller's manipu-
lations. For many of us the effort to craft entertaining
stories is inspired by the work of good filmmakers.
One common tactic is to show us something that
isn't precisely what we believe it to be. When the
director presents us with an image of Edward Norton
talking to Brad Pitt on a plane in Fight Club, we have
no way to know that the character is really just
talking to his imaginary self. Such outright trickery
isn't essential — or even always desirable — when
telling a story, but the lesson remains. Remember the
invisible; until it has been shown "on camera," noth-
ing necessarily exists or fails to exist, and even then
perhaps it was just misunderstood by the audience
because only one facet was perceived. This is a
technique easily employed by the Storyteller and by
players who are careful not to exceed whatever bound-
aries the director of their story sets. Suggest that your
Storyteller try this approach herself and that she
experiment with allowing your troupe to edit the
camera's view of the story as well.

Many of us are not gifted with the ability to
weave stories as tightly as master storytellers like
Shakespeare or Spielberg. When constructing
roleplaying game stories, we are also saddled with an
added challenge the great playwrights and producers
do not face: The main characters of our tale are
breathing, thinking people with their own ideas of
how the plot should progress. How many times have
you been frustrated because you could not anticipate
the actions of your fellow players or your Storyteller
yet did not want to stifle their creativity? If you
consistently remind yourself that only those things
that have been directly presented to the troupe must
have occurred, and that they may not be what they
appear on the surface, then you have immense free-
dom to suggest changes to a story without altering
the continuity presented thus far. Think of that
which has been directly described as a verbal lens
providing a camera's-eye view of the story, but re-
member that this "on camera" viewpoint is mutable

\Vawere Pavers Gue

186

according to the near-infinite elements that lie be-
yond its range. When the scene presented to yout |
troupe is only the tip of the iceberg it is a simple |
matter to reconstruct the underlying, hidden foun-
dation according to the needs of the plot.

Imagine that your characters manage to garnera |
clandestine meeting with Margaret, the prince of
your chronicle's favorite city setting. The prince is |
well known for her prowess with the Auspex Disci- |
pline, but obviously none of you wield her |
supernatural senses in real life. Suddenly your troupe's |
angry young Brujah springs into action, clearly hay- |
ing decided to ambush the prince when she should
have known it was coming. Naturally if it would
make for a better story your Storyteller might seri-
ously consider letting this ruthless, if poorly
conceived, plan succeed, but not every story benefits
from the primary local authority figure being punked
by a casual gangbang. Looking at the scene purely
from the viewpoint of an audience watching by
camera might seem to indicate that Margaret is
royally screwed. Instead, as a player concerned about
the integrity of the story rather than your kill-counts,
you step away from the situation long enough to
consider the elements which are currently invisible
from a camera's eye. What about the rooftops on
either side of the fated alley where our ambush takes
place? As everyone knows that her ability to sense
danger would have indicated a deadly threat despite
the fact that none of you could anticipate it yourself,
you could easily suggest that the Storyteller change f
the scene without altering the continuity of what
your characters have already witnessed. With a sud-
den flurry of metallic clicking noises, about a dozen
men cock their shotguns and lean over crumbling
brick edges of the roof to the left and right of the
alley. Forewarned by unnatural premonitions, the }
prince came prepared with an unexpected bodyguard
and thus upset her ambushers' plans.

Sure, your character might suffer flak for associ-
ating with the frothing Brujah, but your suggestion
has kept things interesting and consistent with the
reality of the story. Note that nothing presented to
your troupe before or after the gun-toting ghouls leap
to their master's aid has violated the "reality" pre-
sented to you thus far in the story. The camera has
merely swung upward to the left and right to reveal
a previously unseen factor. The invisible agent un-
veiled to shift the plot could just as easily have been
any number of other things not yet shown. Perhaps
the troupe's lone Ventrue, who happens to be a
childe of the prince, was conditioned to be unable to


turn against her sire and only now is aware that her
unlife thus far has been that of a Manchurian candi-
date with secret commands buried in her mind. As
she turns against her sire's enemies surely she will
wonder what other commandments merely wait for
the right trigger. Other players may begin to doubt
their own thoughts or freedom to act without fear of
already being compromised. Because the eamera's
view is only what we see as of the moment, anything
not vidlating that view is a fair addition to the story.

Trying to keep yourself open to thé idea that
only. what the players — as opposed to characters
have actually seen, or think they have seen, is immu
table 'makes all of you more flexible to creative input
as well. Our previous example could just as easily
have come about due to out-of-character cross-table
talk between players. Having planned to ambush
Prince Margaret, the players are surprised to find
that she is Unattended in the narrow two-story.alley.
Rather than assuming that the Storyteller has been
naive in believing they would not attack the prince,
your troupe assumes that she must have anticipated
the attack. As you ask for a Perception + Alertness
roll to spot-any potential hidden bodyguards the
Storyteller can silently steal your idea and flawlessly
present it as though it was her plan all along. Al-
though they had not previously‘appeared on camera
— indeed your Storyteller had not even conceived of
them until you asked for a-toll — the»shotgun-
wielding ghouls on the rooftop smoothly slide into
the current scene and thereby alter the plow without
threatening the suspense of disbelief created by an
apparent continuity. Rather than crying foul be-
cause the Storyteller stole your idea, you might
appreciate the fact that you have inspired her and
thereby made the story more intricate.

One of the mést readily available elements left
invisible to the camera is that of motive. Unless you
decide to announce openly the innermost thoughts
of your characters, no one can be absolutely sure of
what precisely causes them to take various actions.
Why did our burly Brujah from the previous example
foolishly assault Prince Margaret in the tight quar-
ters of a dark alley? We know it was becaise the
player thought it would be cool to have the coterie
ambush the prince, but it is always possiblethat the
character's motives are more complex than that.
Perhaps Margaret has bound the Brujah and simply
wishes to see how the remainder of the coterie will
react when faced with an apparent opportunity to
destroy her. For another interesting angle, suggest
that the scourge Sir Thomas may have anticipated

the prince's carelessness and arranged to meet his
hated oppressor in the very same alley. Knowing that
his childe's companions cannot stand against Mar-
garet, he hopes they will weaken her while he strikes
a final blow. A conflict between the Brujah scourge

and the antagonistic prince is a dangerous situation
for the troupe, but less deadly than facing her alone.

Yet-unrevealed motives can change a scene as
thoroughly as newly unveiled foes or environmental
conditions. Imagine that your troupe has taken an
interest in a newspaper story the Storyteller meant to
be filler material unrelated to the actual plot at hand.
They pull some strings at the police department and
manage to acquire a copy of the bank's security tape
of a robbery they read about in the previous day's
paper. As it becomes clear that the Storyteller really
just threw in the bank robber as a trivial detail in the
daily paper when a fellow player asked about its
current contents, you might suggest other plans for
him. It occurs to you that he might be of use turning
the story to a direction likely to be more interesting
to the troupe' You might suggest that watching the
tape doesn't reveal anything new, but subsequent
investigation show that the bank clerk slain by the
pistol-waving thug has been receiving odd letters
from one S. Thomas. The masked face of the bank
robber is transformed merely by the reconsideration
of his motive. No longer simply.a greedy robber, your
characters find that he was being blackmailed by the
clerk — at the scourge's behest — and finally settled
matters. Note that his method makes him more
suspicious to the police, as a murderer, but less
suspicious to the scourge because the killing is buried
beneath an apparent petty crime. Your coterie's
characters might discover that the bank robber is
quite aware of vampire society and fears the Kindred
more than any mortal authority. The exploration of
the motives behind the action has now transformed
a petty bank robbery into a desperate attempt by one
of the scourge's targets to' protect against ruin or
damnation.

Some elements invisible to the camera may lit-
erally be invisible to the cast of the story and yet still
play a part. Vampires may bring powerful supernatu-
ral abilities to bear, not the least of which is Obfuscate.
Certainly the empty alleyway where Margaret meets
your ambush is not the same place if it is filled with
Nosferatu using their clan Discipline to remain hid-
den from view. When you realize that the hideous
spymaster Werner has been watching every meeting
that Prince Margaret has conducted during the past
months, it changes the scope of your conference with

Secmion Taree: Essays

187


her. Perhaps Werner anticipates the treacherous
assault upon his prince'even if Margaret does not,
and he suddenly emerges from the darkness to grab
one of the coterie helplessly within his Potence-
enhanced grasp: Alternatively, Werner might be'an
ally of Sir Thomas and arrange for him to be in the
same alley without realizing that the troupe and the
scourge are deadly enemies, all without ever appear-
ing before the viewpoint of the main characters.

Other Disciplines readily lend themselves to
providing unseen hands, which nonetheless affect
scenes beyond the view a camera might provide.
Auspex introduces the ability to sense danger, read
minds and project astrally; any of these might reveal
previously unknown information or allow for unan?
ticipated plot turns. Quietus can induce absolute
silence and inflict debilitating attacks with a mere
brush of the skin. Animalism ensures that the ac-
tions of the stupidest animal could be driven by some
outside agency. Necromancy yields;command over
an entire realm normally invisible to earthbound
creatures. Even Protean guarantees that the most
ordinary-appearing patch of mist carinov necessarily
be assumed to be so harmless.

One cinematic trick, if a somewhat: overused
one, is to reveal to the audience that what they have
seen through the camera's eye thus'far is not¢what
they believe' it to be. One could argue that "foes
rendered invisible by Obfuscate filled this role? but
more esoteric illusions such a§ those provided by
Vicissitude, Chimerstry, and mundane dreanisé-
quences are far more devious. A Tzimisee vampité
might use her fleshcrafting powers ro replace your
wife with a ravenous ghoubwhose nature is revealed
as soon as it attacks. Your troupe may. seek x6 claim
vanished winnings from a Ventrue-run#easino. in.
Vegas only to face a video tape showing them stand-
ing around an empty stretch of carpet, pantomiming
like they are at a table and handingtheir money to.an
ill-dressed East Indian hooligan pretending t6 deal
cards. Worse yet, a character could awaken from
torpor only to discover that his activities of the past
few weeks had been a strange dream' While he
wonders who somehow caused his vampiric shell to
dream, he could spend some time recovering from
the shock of losing a month's time.

Many of the prior examples may seem to make
things more dangerous or "worse" for the charaéters:
Frankly, this is because interesting stories mostoften
involve twists, turns and conflicts that arise to an-
tagonize the protagonists of the story. This technique
can also be used to aid the troupe directly, with your

\Vawoe PLavers Guipe

188

\
Storyteller's permission. Imagine that your Ventrue
character is busy searching Prince Margaret's office
for clues as to why she hates the Brujah scourge so
much. Suddenly, you are interrupted by ghouls loyal
to the prince and are in immediate danger. Pretend- [7
ing to be calm, your Ventrue slides open the desk
drawer, reaches down with the slightest of glances
and draws the gun that your prince keeps there for
emergencies. Of course, nobody ever said that a.gun
was in the drawer, but supposition wins the day.
Assuming that such is the case, you announce your.
character's action and hope that your Storyteller will
assent. She could deny you the chance to whip outa
gun that you didn't have,/but'a-good Storyteller will
at least consider whether your proposal makes for a'
more interesting story.

Storytellers enriching their chronicles through
constant adjustments to the storyeAccording to the |
elements which have not-yet appeared to players "on
camera" should -be careful to balance their hidden
elements with those that areobvious and logical. As
Vampire: The Masquerade is a horror game, | would
hope players are accepting of, and even go so far as to
suggest, time-honored talesOfterror tactics designe
to induce fearof the unknown or a sense of helpless'
ness. An evolving view of the ever-present current"
moment should be something any participant in the
game can. introduces without anyone, crying foul.
Nevertheless, it is worth noting that evoking horror
in astory should not involve mentally torturing your
fellow gamers, so remember where the line between
frustrating? tricks: and an interesting story lies and
Stay on the entertaining side. of it. Lf you are!eon-
stantly revealing that the last six months of game'
time was just a dream, most of your fellow players will
be tired of watching all-of their accormplishments
fade with theirstise from a troubled torpor. If the
prince always has armies of hidden bodyguards wait-
ing to turn the story into an anime ninja festival, |
then her own ability as an ‘elder is called into ques-
tion and she becomes a bit of a joke propped up by
Storyteller fiat. Beware overuse of hidden elements;
the entire troupe shouldbe able to reasonably expect
that what they see on camera is a valid part of their
personal stories.

Your troupe will probably find that it is also
important to be sure that the invisible elements that
intrude upon the camera's eye are compatible with
that viewpoint. If the Gangrel clan is constantly
presented with a bestial countenance and the men-
tality to accompany it, then you are going.to stretch
suspension of disbelief beyond the breaking point if


you suggest that they are secretly suave and sophisti-
cated masters of the bureaucratic halls of power
within American politics. Proclaiming Prince Mar-
garet as a Sabbat infiltrator or spymaster Werner as
a' Toreador philanthropist would similarly stretch
the limits of what other players will bélieve without
rendering the story farcical. When you consider the
hidden foundations of the chronicle, you, should
remember that they must support its on-camerascenes
as surely as the underwater portions of an iceberg
hold its tip above the surface.

When your troupe experiences a story within the
Vampire game, you and your Storyteller may strive'
to achieve the dynamic flow of plot that films bring
us. When you watch a movie, you are limited by the
specific images that move across the screen before
you. As the story unfolds you are faced with the
cinematic tricks of the masters of film. If you can
continually remind yourself that the eternal "now"
presented by the camera's lens is utterly mutable
according to new revelations then you can enhance
the story more effectively without threatening its
continuity or believability. If you and your fellow
players assume that anything not directly displayed
as fact is not part of the story then you can more
easily introduce new ideas, antagonists, concepts or
reinforcements, whether as a player or as a Story-
teller. This approach strengthens the plot and
increases its flexibility commensurate with the cre-
ativity you and your Storyteller posses

How You CAn Keep ONLINE
VAMPIRE GAMES FROM

SuCHKING So Mucu

By Jim Kiley

It is telling that when I discussed the title of the
essay with a few different freelancers | know, more
than half of them replied, "Don't play in online
Vampire games!" But I've been playing in online
games of various sorts for about 12 years now, and I
like to think that I have a pretty good idea what
makes them work and what makes them suck.

I'm talking about big multiplayer games. Games
with multiple players on staff as Storytellers, judges
or administrators of some kind. They could be big
IRC games, a game run on one of White Wolfs
servers, ora MUD of some kind ("MUD?" is a general
term including MUSH, MUCK, MOO, and similar
servers. Really.).

You're playing in a small-scale play-by-email
game? Ora small chat-server game? You're lucky; you

have the theoretically undivided attention of a single
Storyteller who has it in his best interests to keep you
personally involved in the game. This essay isn't for
you, really.

It's my experience that the best online games are
those where the staff and the players are focused on
everyone having a good and memorable time, with
good roleplaying, believable characters and honest
plotlines that involve a broad cross-section of the
player base. These sorts of games grow, have interest-
ing new players join up and stick around to make
their own contributions, and evolve over time.

Most of this advice can apply to just about any
online World of Darkness game, and in my experi-
ence many World ofsDarkness online games are
¢rss-game settings}they might run all of, say, Medina,
Ohio, including vampires, werewolves, mages, ghosts,
faeries, hunters, demons and so on. One key to
success in an online game is focus. If you have a
choice between across-World-of-Darkness game and
a Vampire-only (or Werewolf-only, or whatever)
game, give the single-character-type game a try first.
Pure Vampire games do a better job of capturing the
core themes of Vampire than cross-over mix-up
games do; if you want a more authentic Vampire
experience, this is the way to go.

Don't Make Characters That Suck

You'd think this would be common sense. As
Voltaire suggested, however, common sense is not so
common.

Concept

Listen. Everybody else has already run a fourth-
generation Methuselah True Brujah who's also a
dead sexy computer whiz. You don't need to run one
too. Everybody else has also already run a brooding
loner Gangrel warrior with a Desert Eagle hidden
under his trenchcoat.

In a face-to-face game with a small group of
players, you have room for a coterie with wild and
weird backgrounds, because a dedicated Storyteller
controls events tightly, builds on character back-
grounds and plays out ramifications of the weird
stuff. The Storyteller can also assume the role of all
the vampires with more or less "ordinary" back-
grounds. But in a large game with a rotating player
base numbering in the dozens, wacky backgrounds
can become commonplace.

Paradoxically enough, your character may stand
out by virtue of having had an ordinary life and
somewhat typical Embrace. In part that's because
characters with modest backgrounds stand out —

Section Tiree: Essays

189


y,
they indicate that a player isn't involved in the game Don't be afraid to have your character make a
because she has a wacky, setting-bending concept, fool of himself if it's an appropriate thing for the
but rather has a good solid idea for a character who _ character to do. Ridiculous things happen even to
is a person first. Players like that are fun to play with _ stern and serious people in the real world. Presidents
because they don't go over the top trying to be the vomit on other presidents.
coolest guy in the room. The other players you're roleplaying with don't
Description want to read your novel. While rat-a-tat regular
Some very dedicated players out there will read short bursts of output can be annoying, typing in
every word of every character's description and do —_ two-hundred-word paragraphs and spewing themout
their best to incorporate other characters' descrip- _ to eat up entire screens is downright rude. Online
tions into their ongoing roleplay, going so far as to. _ roleplaying is an exchange between peers. It's appro-.
note other characters' changes of clothing and ap- priate to present your character's activities at a
parent mood from night to night. Those people are . decent length — again, a ton of one-line comments
dedicated and nice and deserve your appreciation. like "Bob laughs," "Bob smiles," "Bob agrees," Sa |
Most everyone else will skim yourdescriptionfor _»Says, "Hi!" becomes irritating.
one or two noteworthy traits and ignore the rest. So When you present your character's activities in
don't waste a lot of time on youndescription unless — huge chunks of text, there are two primary reactions,
you really enjoy writing character descriptions. Fig) | Some players will feel obliged to respond indetail to J
ure out what you look like in broad strokes, note _ youn€very pose; this compounds your spamminess as
them, refer to one entertaining feature.that-other your next posé will have to be even longet to accom-
people can use as a hook and then go, modate everyone who responded in kind. Others
Oh, another thing. Male players: If you're run- Won't haye the patience to:pick throughiyour mas:
ninga female character, everyone will guess thatyou__ sive block of text. They'll just ignore you entirely
are a male player if your description makes reference and probably resent you as being pompous and self
to your breasts. Restrain the urge. absorbed while they're at it. h
Activities Some circumstances probably exist when ‘that ]
Roleplay in "public" periodically. Hell, roleplay kind of spam is okay. Big speeches in public or scenes
in public most of the time. Don't just interact with » Where you really are the center of attention call for
the same seven people you. interact with every" that kind of output. Otherwise, keep things a bit.
evening. Go out, find a social hangout and roleplay » More under control and you'll find a lot more char-
there. Involve other chafacters in what you're doing, @¢tets interacting.with yours as interested equals —
even if it's only peripherally. Acknowledge their 84 that's the point of online roleplaying.
existence. Lastly, avoids¢ombat when you can. coapet |
You don't haye to grab every newbie you en- takes alotof time online, except on Diku MUDS, LP)
counter and involve him to great depth inongoing - MUDs and their ilkjwhere combat bt en
plotlines. That's unreasonable and untealistic. Bur. " titely automated. Few online Vampire games have
don't glower from the corner of your lair, acknowl ©, that level of code support. This:means that charac: J
edging only the existence of your ownpack orcoterie, STS end up in strange time-stopped situations where
restricting your conversation and roleplaying to nly hours of roleplay goes on in the ety, around them J
them. That kind of thing conveys to other players while they resolve a 30-second fistfight Then; when
that you and your Coterie are snobby and exclusive; "© SOVEF: theyhave to catch up rapidly on the scenery
it alienates just about everyone. changingaround them. Unless you really relish spend-
Haveasense ofhumor: Please: Borhin chacaaae ing four hours 6n half a dozen turns of a fight, avoid |
and out of character. Decide at some point what sorts combat when possible.
of things make your character laugh and then stick Don't Run Stories That Suck
with them. Maybe he's a sucker for inadvertent You could have the opportunity to run a plot of
physical comedy and will break down laughing when, Your own in a'big game. Perhaps you're a player ina
the town drunk trips over the town midget, even if . game with high trust where anybody can run a story J
the surroundings are otherwise serious. Occasional at any time. Perhaps you're on staff, or you play a i
flashes of light help illuminate your character and temporary Storyteller role, or you buildsome plotlines 7
the (presumably) dark setting around you.
Vawene PLavers Guide

190


into your character's background and have a chance
to run them.

If the online game you play in allows for player-
tun stories, I can't encourage you strongly enough to
take the time to run one. Stories keep players inter-
ested in the game; they contribute a dynamic presence
that simple soap-opera roleplaying alone can't pro-
vide. You have to be careful, though. Bad plots are
worse than no plots at all.

Shaking the Earth

Don't run plots that shake the entire game to its
foundations or threaten to destroy the world. Ihave
a few reasons for suggesting this. First, realize that if
your plotline has consequences that can affect a
game of 100 players, you're sure to have 100 players
all bothering you so that they can have a say in
what's going on. Secondly and along the same lines,
if you do make a change that alters the game for 100
players, you'll have 100 people whining to you and
complaining about you on various mailing lists and
discussion boards.

From a believability and realism standpoint, re-
member that yours isn't the only plot going on in the
game. Other things are happening. Keeping your
plot's scale small reduces the likelihood that it will
interfere with other plots, which is good for you
because then you don't have to negotiate your
storyline with other Storytellers.

And as silly as it sounds, after the 10th iteration
of the Horrible Prophesied Methuselah Coming Out
Of Torpor Under Our Fair City (and this is Medina,
Ohio, remember), humongous storylines start to blur
together. At smaller levels you have a lot more room
to maneuver. Intimate plots that focus on characters'
histories and Backgrounds (their Allies, Contacts,
etc.) are much more memorable to the players in-
volved than yet another horrible world-shaking plot.

Involving Players

The flip side of avoiding world-shaking plots is
involving the right players in your stories. In some
cases it's easy to choose the characters for a story. Say
you want to run something about the local Tremere
chantry. Obviously most if not all of the local Tremere
will know something's going on, and you can involve
various Tremere characters per their levels of inter-
est. You might also come up with a story that would
work well for a particular pack or coterie, because
you know the history and Backgrounds of that group
and feel like your story would be a good fit for it.

Other times, though, you'll have a story in mind
that nearly any coterie or pack could fit into. If your

online game is like most others, a few groups of
players are fun to game with, whom you know well
and would certainly enjoy running a story for.
Screw those guys. They get plenty of fun already.
Someone else will run a plot for them if they're a

good group. Hell, you might run your next plot for
them.

Find a group of relatively new players and in-
volve them. This gives you some real advantages.
First, you find a new group of players to spend some
time with. This might be painful, but it can also be
a lot of fun. Second, it gives that group of players a
reason to come back to the online game, and that
helps the game from becoming stagnant. Third, a
relatively new group won't have a lot of baggage or
preconceptions about what's coming, which gives
you the flexibility to run whatever sort of story you'd
like. Lastly, the aftereffects of your story will give
that new group of players something new to roleplay
about.

Involving a group of new players, instead of the
old hands, smoothens out the politics of your online
game. It reduces the perception that the same old
characters have the plots doled out to them, which
brings us back to the thesis suggested at the begin-
ning of this essay, which is that the best online games
are those in which everyone involved cooperates to
give everyone else the best possible roleplaying ex-
perience.

SEVERING TIES

By Aaron Rosenberg

Vampires are creatures of the undead, men and
women and children who have died and been brought
back into something similar to life, but different. As
a vampire, your character thrives on blood, hungers
for the kill, lurks in the shadows — oh, and runs into
his ex-girlfriend down at the 7-Eleven.

Unfortunately, for recent vampires that's a real
issue. If your character was Embraced a week ago, or
a month ago, or even a year ago, chances are you're
still in the same geographical area. Unless you were
just passing through, that's probably your old home-
town, or where you went to school, or where you
moved to look for work. So you know people there.
And they know you. How do you get into the whole
"creature of the night" mindset when you could
bump into an old coworker or see a waitress who
recognizes you at any time?

That's actually part of what makes Vampire a
great game, though. In the movies and books, vam-
pires are often vicious creatures, utterly devoid of

Secmion Tiree: Essays

191

emotion or complex thought, beasts who slaver for
human blood and who will do anything to get it.
Vampire is about characters, though. You're not
playing a monster — you're playing a person who was
Embraced and made into a monster. The character
still has many, if not all, of his old thought patterns,
likes and dislikes, obsessions and prejudices. He can
still be a huge Minnesota Vikings fan, or think Blink
182 rocks, or love to watch cheesy movies on late-
night television. He can still miss his friends, or his
parents, or his wife, or even his kids. In many v
he's still at least partially human, and therein lies the
tub—someone who was human and still think and
feels like a human, but who now feeds on mortals to
survive.

How do you deal with this aspect of your charac-
ter? Obviously, different people will choose different
methods. One way is to embrace (pardon the pun)
your old connections. Some vampires, particularly
new ones, refuse to accept what's happened to them.
They'll admit to an odd new eating disorder, but
otherwise will claim they're still mortal, still alive.
Those vampires actually seek out their friends and
loved ones to renew contact. That usually doesn't go
well, of course. When you think your brother or
boyfriend or roommate is dead, and then he shows up
at the door, pale as a fish and smelling about as bad,
with blood and gore dripping from his mouth — well,
you're probably not going to hug him and offer him
a beer. So most vampires who want to stay close to
their old life learn to watch from close range. They
don't approach their parents, but they cruise past
their house every night, or call them and hang up
after hearing their voices. Daring (and desperate)
vampires may even contact them by phone or email
or letter, anything that doesn't require face-to-face
interaction — they'll concoct some excuse for being
away or for not getting together, but will try to
pretend everything else is normal.

That never lasts, of course. As a vampire, your
character doesn't age. Thirty, fortysyears from now
your parents may besdead, but you'll still look the
same. You cai/only play the "I'm out of town on
business, but we'll get together when I get back" card
for so long' before people start to wonder ... or simply
give up on you. So the vampires who can'tjlen.go
finally have to say good-bye and take to watching
from the shadows, where it's safer.

Other vampires are anxious to forget their old
s. That's all dead and gone, and now they have a
new existence, one filled with power and potential.
It's easy enough not to call or write, but what hap-

liv

pens when you bump into your kid sister in the movie
theater or on a busy street? Claiming you just look
like yourself doesn't work well with the people who
really know you, especially since you still have all
your old mannerisms. What do you do?

The first and best thing is to move away. Yes,
it's hard to leave your home, but that's the old you,
and this is the new. You need to go someplace where
nobody knows you, so that you can start fresh. Try
the nearest big city — more people, more activity,
more vessels and more of a chance to lose yourself.

If you already live in a large city, at least relo-
cate within that urban area. Move to the opposite
side of the city, or from the suburbs to downtown.
Find a new place (if you're the type who requires an
actual "living" space) somewhere you didn't often
go, so that you're less likely to be recognized.

You may need to sever ties with people as well.
Break up with your girlfriend, leave your husband a
Dear John letter, write a note telling your room-
mate you're moving out. Senda letter of resignation
to your boss. Cancel your credit cards so you can't
be traced through them. Otherwise, some of the
people who care about you may track you down, and
it may not be a happy reunion when they do.

Think about the places you frequented when
you were alive and deliberately avoid them. With
restaurants that's easy — you don't eat that type of
food anymore, so why would you want to go back
there? But stop going to your favorite movie theater
or club, don't wander over to your old corner store
late at night, don't hang out near the lion cage at
the zoo. Whereyer yourfriends and-fatnily might
think to look for you, don'tbé there. That's hard, of
course, beeaus€you have to give up a lot of your
favorité things, but now you have the ability to find
new fayorites. Yes, sitting near the lion cage was
relaxing, but no one's saying you can't find relax-
ation elsewh@r@~Your old club was fun when you
wanted a dozen different martinis and the chance to
hang out and chat with your friends, but other clubs
cater more to your new taste in drinks, and you can
find people there who understand your new situa-
tion and (un)lifestyle.

Don't forget the basics, either. Change your
mame. You can keep the first.name if you're really
attached to it, but ditch the last name. You have no
need for it anyway — it's not like you're going to be
filling out an employment application or signing up
for a new credit card. Don't g6%byewhatever nick-
name your family and friends gave you, at least not
for the first decade or two. Change your appear-

\Vawere Pavers Gupe

192


D Mert ener row a

cS

1S

ance, too. Get a new haircut, color your hair differ-
ently, try on different kinds of clothes. You're a
vampire now, moving in completely different social
circles, and you should look the part. Jeans and a
KU sweatshirt don't really cut it when you're in-
vited to see the prince.

The hardest period is the first year. That's when
your character has to resist the urge to go back
home and back to work and try to pretend nothing
has changed. In the first year, his family and friends
will still be looking for him, unless he had a definite
death and a funeral, complete with corpse. Even $0,
during the first year they may be in denial them4
selves, and if they see the character they'll
automatically call out his name — and he'll auto-
matically answer. So during that first year you have
to lie low and be very careful. As time goes on,
you'll grow less accustomed to your old name and
more comfortable with your new name and new
look. You'll stop pining for your old haunts and
start feeling settled in the new ones. And you'll
start to forget what it was like to work a normal job
and have parents and siblings and coworkers, and
go out for a beer after work or barbeque on a Sunday
afternoon.

The other side of the coin is that your character's
loved ones will also move on. They'll stop looking
for him every time they enter the library or exit the
theater, and they'll stop jumping every time they
see someone who reminds them of him. In a few
years you could even walk past them without them
noticing, or at least with them simply thinking,
"Wow, that guy looked a lot like my brother." It
becomes easier.

Which, strangely, is when your character is at
tisk. Not of being caught, however — this is a risk
of a different kind. It's that period of time when the
character is finally letting go of the past, and finally
being released by others, that he is in the most
danger of losing his sense of self. Because that's
when you start feeling like you don't belong. The
people who gave you life and raised you are either
dead or simply don't know you exist anymore. The
friends you grew up with have forgotten you. The
people you worked with no longer mention you,
and your desk is now someone else's. Your former
girlfriend or wife has moved in with some other guy.
Who are you, then? If no one remembers you, where
did you come from, and where are you going? It's at
this point that so many vampires give in to the
Beast within — they decide that they really aren't

human anymore and let the hunger simply take
over. That's dangerous, not just for the vampire in
question, but for everyone — for mortals because
they're prey, for other vampires because it can
expose them, and for the character because he may
make some error that results in his destruction,
killed by other vampires to protect the society, or
locked away somewhere and allowed to gibber and
moan for the rest of his existence.

The key is to remember that you are a person,
even if you're not mortal anymore. Hang on to who
you were without focusing on who you were with or
what you did. You once loved late-night walks.
Take them again. You enjoyed old monster movies.
Buy yourself a television and a DVD player and
watch them wherever you now call home. You used
to like card tricks. Find a deck of cards and polish
your skills. You'll be able to do things with cards
now that would have amazed your friends back
then. You don't have to seek out the people you
once knew, just remember that you had those inter-
actions, those relationships. Concentrate on the
relationships you've formed since, with your sire
and the other Kindred in your area. Remember that
you are nota monster, buta person, with a past. Yes,
it's now a distant past, and it's something you can't
go back to, but it's there all the same. It's part of
who you are, just not all of it. Don't let the past
consume you, but don't forget it either, or you'll be
left with a gaping hole in your sense of self, and that
emptiness will consume you in turn. This may be
why older vampires often turn sentimental, seeking
out scraps from their former lives: old portraits,
letters written to loved ones, family heirlooms,
anything to connect them to that time when they
were still mortal. After decades or more, the risk of
discovery is small, especially if the character has
moved to a different area. It's much safer now to use
your old name again, or get another old Mustang
like you had when you were in college, or hang
pictures of your parents in your living room. Now
they're old memories, safe to show and to cherish,
and they can help ground you. As your character's
existence becomes longer and longer, and shows no
signs of ending, he will need those reminders that
he was mortal back then and that he still is the same
person inside, beneath the power and the titles and
the hunger. Some ties have to be severed for safety's
sake, but others should never be cut, because they
are all that keep us sane.

Sécion Tiree: Essays

193

THe TRue NATURE OF
MONSTROUSNESS

Or, Some Ideas on Playing Low-Humanity
Characters Without Making Your Storyteller Want
to Kill You

By Myranda Sarro

We've all seen these players and their charac-

ters. If we want to be totally honest with ourselves,

we've probably all been those players and brought
those characters to the table. You know the ones |
mean. The ones that cause your friendly neighbor-
hood Storyteller to hunker down behind her screen,
sobbing quietly and muttering to herself, possibly
begging for rescue from a higher power. The Tzimisce
torturer who claims to be a hard-core Metamorphosist,
who goes around randomly ripping the legs off pup-
pies and small children for the purpose of achieving
enlightenment. The Malkavian serial killer who
somehow manages to wander around town dressed in
nothing but a blood-stained hospital gown, carrying
a beheaded teddy bear and a virtually endless supply
of extremely sharp hospital scissors. Virtually any
character whose concept includes the word "sadis-
tic" — "sadistic doctor," "sadistic truck driver,"
"sadistic children's programming host."

The problem isn't the idea of the monstrous
character in and of itself — monstrous characters are
a staple of the genre. Vampire is, after all, a horror
game, and such a game completely devoid of, well,
tty pathetic. Itcan
be enormously fun to play a monster, and a seriously
meaty roleplaying challenge, provided that the char-
acter in question isn't either a story-breaking problem
child or a cliché whom you get personally sick of
playing before you can do anything really interesting
with the concept. Most problems that arise from
monstrous characters are issues that can be dealt

horrifying characters would be pr

with at the very beginning of character creation.
When setting out to create a monster, | personally
follow a three-step procedure for working out just
about everything I need to know about said charac-
ter, in order to make it as fully fleshed and
three-dimensional as | possibly can.

Step One: Monsters Are Made, Not Born —
The Importance of Prelude

Unless you're playing a game in which your
character wasn't ever even marginally human, the
odds are pretty good that he wasn't born a fucked-up
freak of nature. Even revenants have a semidecent
shot at not turning out completely warped, by hu-

Vaweire Players Guibe

194

~

man standards, though they do tend to start exist-
ence with a better chance at developing unpleasant
personality disorders than most. More likely than
not, your character started out asa regular Joe Schmoe
whose life took a flying leap into the Twilight Zone
when he met his sire.

This being the case, the Prelude is extremely
important in the construction of a monstrous char-
acter, since it defines who you were before the change
and what parts of yourself have become twisted
since. I cannot recommend enough playing (or writ-
ing) an extended Prelude with your Storyteller. Not
only can this really enhance your ability to crawl
around inside your character's head, it also gives the
Storyteller invaluable clues on how to tailor indi-
vidual plots and stories for your character, and how
to account for that character's particular quirks in
general.

What you want to do at this point, and I kid you
not, is make an outline of the shape of your character's
mortal life. The Prelude questionnaire, particularly
those aspects related to the character's mortal back-
ground, is an invaluable tool here. Since you're
already planning to play a monstrous character, it's
here you need to start defining what makes that
monstrousness happen and why.

What kind of person were you? It's sometimes
assumed that, because you're monstrous now that
you're a vampire, you were always a monster. This
shouldn't necessarily be the case. After all, fewer
serial killer clowns are in the general population of
humanity than people who are only as good as they
have to be. Your character doesn't have to start out
either a killer or a saint in order to play up his post-
Embrace downward spiral or basic lack of humanity
effectively. Characters who were fundamentally nor-
mal people prior to the Embrace often hz higher
horror-chill factor about them when viewed through
the internal lenses of their own changing percep-
tions (see Dean Shomshak's Behind the Mask of
Normalcy on p. 182), and to others watching their
gradual devolution into something terrible.

What kind of life did you lead? Once again, this
is an important part of establishing a genuinely
chilling personal concept. Torturers attached to
Central American death squads, serial killers of all
types and perversions and other such already margin-
ally human beings seem to be Embraced with startling
frequency and then presented as a "monstrous" char-
acter. I take issue with the idea that this is actually an
effective demonstration of the character type. It's
easy to play a monster when your character concept

translates to "sociopathic fringe-dwelling
quasihuman.." It's harder, and often more fulfilling to
play, when your starting concept is "second-year
library sciences student at Drexel University" or
"overworked single mother of two" or "dot-com or-
phan desperately looking forany new job." Sometimes
initially playing against the easy definition of the
type helps create a richer and more detailed charac-
ter.

How do you feel? How do you think? At this
point, you should also define your character's thoughts
and feelings about a large number of topics, but, most
importantly, about family and nonfamilial relation-
ships. No one exists completely in a vacuum, not
even monsters; the odds are good that someone out
there cares whether your character lives or dies, and
that the character feels the same way about someone.
Similarly, you can quote the old saw that no force in
the world — not violent video games, not Marilyn
Manson CDs, not an encyclopedic collection of
slasher flicks — that will mess you up as severely and
completely as your family. Has someone in your
family consistently screwed with your life? Would
you lie down and die for someone? Who is it? Why
does the character feel that way, what makes that
relationship important? Does the character have a
close or loose bond with her family? Is that bond
abusive or loving or both? It helps to have a good
grasp on the answers to these questions, as much
roleplaying and characterization juice can be squeezed
out of them, either initially or at later stages in the
character-creation process.

The Embrace as a Mental Break from Reality

The foundations of one's mortal existence aside,
the Embrace itself is often the single most important
defining moment in a young, monstrous vampire'
unlife. Arguably, the Embrace is a horrifying experi-
ence for everyone who survives it, but the monstrous
character comes through it even less intact than
most.

In the case of the monstrous vampire, the mo-
ment of the Embrace represents a literal "break" with
the person he once was — something inside him
doesn't withstand the change, and what that is may
take some time to become totally apparent. (A fully
developed mortal background can often help iden-
tify this single characteristic, or group of several
characteristics, with relative ease and give clues on
how to go about playing that personality "twist"
rationally.) It helps, at this stage, to mentally ex-
plore the damage becoming a vampire did to the

‘Secrion Taree: Essays

195


fleshy mortal character you created. Once again, the
Prelude questionnaire is invaluable here.

How did the character end up Embraced, any-
way? Was she simply in the wrong place at the wrong
time, or did the sire stalk and test your character
beforehand? There are arguments for and against
both extremes with regard to monstrous characters.
In the case of wrong place/wrong time, the massive
trauma of the Embrace can be neatly played up and
can often be more extreme than the same event
happening to someone even moderately forewarned.
On the other hand, the "surprise" random Embrace
is generally somewhat rare, as the right to reproduce
i alously guarded privilege, and few vampires are
willing to waste such a boon on an arbitrarily chosen
victim. (Of course, the character's sire might not
care about such Kindred social niceties, which is a
separate and distinct character-construction issue.)
A character whose sire stalked and taunted and
tested her is just as likely to crack under the emo-
tional and mental stresses of the change. For such
characters, the days and nights leading up to the
inevitable horror of the Embrace can be spent in a
stew of dread and agony, waiting for the bogeyman to
come and get them. Living in a constant state of fear
and tension can break the will of the strongest
person, and so can the Embrace. The drawback here
is that the taunt-tease-stalk approach generally has a
point of its own — to determine whether or not the
mortal in question is suitable vampire material or
just another dinner waiting to happen. Spending the
time leading up to the night of the Embrace curled in
a fetal position gibbering in terror is not likely to
inspire one's sire to follow through on her original
intentions. This approach needs to be played deli-
cately, with a balance between justifiable terror and
whatever qualities first attracted the soon-to-be-
vampire's sire.

In either case, the Embrace itself should act like
a ball-peen hammer to the character's psyche. It
should break something foundationally important
about her in such a way that those pieces aren't easily
put back together, but not so horribly that the char-
acter can't play well with others, as is usually necessary
when engaging in a storytelling game. After the
Embrace, something about her isa trifle ... off (other
than the sleeping all day and drinking blood part,
that's pretty much a given). She doesn't relate to
herself or others in quite the same way anymore. This
— probably even more than the sleeping all day and
drinking blood thing, given the prevalence of vam-
pire movies and books in popular culture in which

the vampire protagonist has an amazing number of
friends and loved ones willing to help her — will
impact heavily on how others perceive the charac-
ter, including the aforementioned friends and loved
ones and even the character's sire, which will, in
turn, impact how the character perceives herself.

Motivation — It's Not Just for Method
Actors Anymore

Motivation is easily the most important quality
of a monstrous character and often the most sorely
underdeveloped. This is the juncture where the char-
acter either makes sense or doesn't make any sense at
all within the confines of his development.

As | said earlier, monsters are made, not born.
Even if you selected the Monster Nature at character
creation, something had to cause that Nature to
happen, and what that something was will often
define the character's personality and motives. This
is the point where you decide what that is, preferably
based on the outline you developed of your character's
life to date. Keep in mind some of the following
guideline:

© Playing a monster doesn't mean you should
automatically flush every aspect of his former hu-
manity and personality down the toilet. Truly
monstrous characters are often only really interest-
ing when examined and played in terms of contrast.
Unrelenting, unrestrained splatter-punk squick grows
boring very, very quickly — especially for everyone
else around the table. Be willing to keep some defin-
ing aspect of the character's humanity about him, so
the inverse of that quality can stand out with par-
ticularly horrifying effect. Your character was a loving
family man before the Embrace? Still loves his kids
and would do anything for them? Imagine a vampire
version of the Texas cheerleader mom who hired a
hit man to murder her daughter's rival — but with
fangs and claws and the capability of killing all by
herself.

* Similarly, just because you're playing a mon-
ster doesn't mean you have to be monstrous at all
times. Even the most screwed-up vampire can turn
unexpectedly humane when circumstances, and the
details of her background, warrant. Your character
might be sociopathically disconnected from all her
former emotions and have a really hard time relating
to anything that still feels — but great storytelling
moments can come from incidents that accidentally,
or purposefully, shove that dislodged plug back into
the socket, even if only for a scene or two. Define for
yourself some things that could trigger an involun-

amore Pavers Gune

1%


tary, hard-wired, emotional, human response from
your character.

¢ Remember, even the totally crazy tend to be
rigorously, mathematically rational within the con-
fines of their mental states. Even if you're playing a
deeply whacked-out Malkavian, your monstrous
character's motivations and actions should be inter-
nally consistent with the quirks you developed in his
mortal existence and his behavior since he became a
vampire. Monstrousness should not be treated as an
excuse for your character to perform every disgusting
or absurd act that comes to his imagination. He
should have reasons
— for everything he does.

personal, compelling reasons

But It WorRKeED So

WELL ON TELEVISION ...

By Ari Marmell

A pair of investigators struggles to uncover a vast
conspiracy, with its roots in the highest levels of
government, but is thwarted at every turn by an
enemy that seems to have eyes and agents every-
where.

A government agent who believes he's relaxing
in a safe environment is left in a lethal situation,

only to be saved at the very last minute by the
coincidental arrival of aid.

An archaeologist struggling to unearth ancient
secrets is captured by the enemy but survives because
the power of the artifact they've
much for them to handle.

captured is too

A group of people are tormented and toyed with
by creatures beyond their understanding, until an
even greater creature steps in and sets things to right.

Recognize any of these? The X-Files, the James
Bond movie Thunderball, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and
A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare.
They're all remarkably appropriate, really. After all,
Vampire is certainly a game of conspiracies, danger
in apparent safety, lost lore and dancing to the whim
of more powerful beings. Many Storytellers deliber-
ately draw on unusual or unexpected sources for story
ideas, and pretty much all of them, consciously or
not, are inspired by tales they've seen, heard or read
at some point in the past.

The problem here is that what makes for a good
plot on the page or the screen often doesn't work as
the basis for a storytelling game. In all such games,
but especially in the World of Darkness where the
storytelling aspect is emphasized far more than the

Section Taree: Essays

197

mechanics or the combat, it's easy for the Storyteller
(or whatever you're calling the referee in that game)
to fall into the trap of thinking that she really is just
telling a story. She's not. Th a game, and the
primary element of a game is that everyone partici-
pating is having fun. When you're writing a novel or
a script, you have to ensure only that your audience
is enjoying itself. With a game, it's the participants
you have to worry about, and that's a very different
situation.

Frustration and Accomplishment

Sure, everyone loves a good story. Few experi-
ences are quite like looking back on a chronicle and
realizing how thoroughly you were sucked in. Hor-
ror, real drama (in the good literary way, not the high
school/Internet forum way), gripping plot lines —all
of these make a game, and a chronicle, great. But
above and beyond experiencing such wonders as
these, most players want to feel as though they've
accomplished something. Certainly exceptions ex-
ist, but few roleplayers really enjoy playing through
a story or a chronicle in which they were able to
achieve none of their goals, in which the events
played out exactly as they would have if the charac-
ters hadn't been present. To put it another way,
frustration for a character is just fine and is, in fact,
to be expected in an environment like that of Vam-
pire, where the characters are almost certainly not
the strongest or most influential Kindred in the
region. When the players grow frustrated in more
than the short term, however, the chronicle is on the
brink of failure.

Let's go back to The X-Files for a moment. The
overall concept might work when translated into a
storytelling game, but the execution most certainly
would not. For the duration of the series, few ques
tions were answered, and, more often than not, those
that were turned out to be false or misleading. That
works for a while in a Vampire game, but'sooner or
later you have to answer at least those mysteries that
are salient to the chronicle. By.thetime The X-Files
wrapped up — withyan'énding that alienated many
viewers, | should add, by its lack of any real finality
—a large portion of the audience had ceased watch-
ing out of frustration. Imagine, then, how frustrated
the characters must have been. No way were they
enjoying what they were going through. Now imag-
ine if you were characters in a chronicle where the
Storyteller did the same thing, never answering ques-
tions, never really allowing you to get to the heart of
whatever matter you were dealing with, never giving

Vane Players Guibe

198

you a victory without snatching it back right after-
ward.

Yeah, I wouldn't be having fun either.

Some frustration is inevitable. If your characters
are accomplishing everything without setbacks or
challenges, what's the point? But such frustration
should be short-term, lasting only as long as it takes
the players to find a different avenue of approach.
Frustration isn't fun, so a frustrating game, almost by
definition, can't be a fun game. The characters need
not be able to deal directly with their adversaries, or
to overcome them on any permanent basis. But they
must be able to accomplish some of their own goals,
thwart at least some of their adversaries' schemes, to
come out ahead, to win at least some battles if not the
war. Even if said adversary is a millennia-old elder
who's been orchestrating such plots and schemes
since before the rise of most modern religions, he
can't always be one step ahead. Sometimes, no mat-
ter how powerful the forces arrayed against them, the
players have to win one.

Speaking of frustration, a quick look at a poten-
tially aggravating issue— balance between characters
in order here. In most movies or books that
involve groups of protagonists, say The Lord of the
Rings or Star Wars, it's pretty clear that not all
characters are created equal. I challenge anyone to
tell me that Strider and Gandalf are on the same
level as Merry and Pippin, or that Obi-Wan is statis-
tically equivalent to Jar-Jar.

Some roleplayers enjoy the challenge of portray-
ing characters of vastly different power levels, Kindred
of different generations»or even a»variipire and his
ghouls. This is, however, the sort of decision that
must be madé'from the players up, not the Storyteller
down: A large number of players — I'd even go so fat
as to say.a vast majority, at least in my own experi-
ence — dislike playing characters that are wildly
unbalanced as Gompared to the rest of the group.
They often feel overshadowed, as though they're
playing sidekicks to the chronicle's "main charac-
ters." It may seem more realistic (for all that word
can be said to apply to a world full of vampires) fora
randomly assembled group to be of uneven abilities,
and it may be a better literary convention, but for the
purposes of a game, where. the-enjoyment of every
player is paramount, it's usually best to keep things
equal until and unless you're certain the group wishes
it otherwise.

|
|

Finally, before we move away"from. the frustra-
tion issue, let's look at one more examplesfrom |


popular media: Raiders of the Lost Ark. At first exami-
nation, it seems the events of the movie would make
a great basis for a game (with substantial modifica
tion, of course). The story has a set goal, specific
events and adversaries and — more to the point of
this essay — a series of victories for th@protagonists,
not just the enemy. More than once Indy succeeds in
snatching the prize away from those who have it, or
from escaping almost certain death.

But look at and think about the ending. It's the
power of the Ark itself that destroys the villains and
saves the heroes at the end. Did it really matter avall
that the main characters were present? Did all their
efforts throughout the story really accomplish any-
thing? It certainly looks to me as though the end
result might well have been the same had they taken
no action whatsoever.

That sort of plot twist, the whole "This thing is
bigger than all of you" trick, can occasionally prove
useful to drive home the point that the characters,
for all their abilities, are far from the greatest powers
operating in the world. But it must be used sparingly.
If the players start to feel that everything in the
chronicle is beyond their control, that frustration
factor — or, even worse, apathy — comes creeping
back in, and once more you have a chronicle that
nobody (except maybe the Storyteller) is enjoying.

Who's This Story About, Anyway?

Okay, enough about plot. Let's talk character.

The World of Darkness is absolutely brimming
with important, powerful and impressive characters:
princes and justicars, bishops and seraphim, elders
and chosen-of-prophecy and things that go bump in
the night. It might seem logical, even instinctive, to
focus some of your stories on them.

Don't.

Once again, the players are not an audience.
They're active participants. If you have them sitting
on the sidelines, watching as your pet Storyteller or
signature character accomplishes everything, they'd
be better off watching TV or reading a book. The
Storyteller characters can and should be vital to your
story, to creating a living, breathing world, and they
can certainly accomplish goals and attain victories
of their own. For the most part, though, the players
and their characters are, and must remain, the focal
point of the game. They're the main characters, the
folks on center stage, the actors who have their
names in the credits before the movie title.

One of the easiest traps for the Storyteller to fall
into in terms of taking the spotlight off the players is

the outside rescue. Remember the James Bond ex-
ample above? The villain locks him into this bizarre
stretching/exercise machine and turns it on high,
and only the fact that the nurse happens to come by
and turn it off saves him from — well, I'm not sure
from what. The whole machine didn't really make
sense to me, to be honest. But it probably would have
hurt.

Anyway, that's not the point. The point is that
a minor Storyteller character (if you'll excuse the
analogy) stepped in and saved a player's character
from a situation he couldn't possibly have gotten
himself out of. Such an event can safely happen only
at very rare intervals in achronicle before the players
begin to feel helpless and start to count on the
Storyteller characters to save their bacon every time.
When the game becomes just a string of events in
which the cavalry or the characters' sires or the
crotchety, pipe-smoking Merlin/Gandalf clone pops
in and rescues everyone, it becomes once again an
exercise in frustration. (Yes, we're back to frustra-
tion. I'm going to keep harping on that, thank you.)
For the most part, it's best either to avoid situations
where the characters need rescuing, or to arrange
things so that one player can save another. This
ensures that you keep the attention of the game
focused where it belongs — on those who are playing
It.

If you do plan to include a rescue by Storyteller
characters, make sure that doing so is absolutely
integral to the plot. More importantly, make sure
you give the players a chance either to save them-
selves, or better yet to return the favor, in the
relatively near future.

I'm sure some of you have heard the term deus ex
machina, or "god from the machine." It's a Greek
term, from plays in which one of the "gods" would
rise up through a trapdoor in the stage or float down
on ropes and pulleys to rescue the main character.
Today it's considered bad storytelling. It's even worse
than the standard Storyteller character rescue, since
it usually involves forces that haven't heretofore
been involved in the story at all. Oberon appearing
at the end of A Midsummer Night's Dream is a good
example — as, to be honest, is the aforementioned
ending of Raiders of the Lost Ark. These are mighty
forces that appear at the last second to save those
who cannot save themselves. It's the equivalent of
having a justicar who hasn't been involved in the
chronicle at all suddenly show up to save the coterie
froma pack of Lupines. It's not only frustrating to the
players, since it pretty much sidelines them and

SeqTION Turee: Essays

19


makes all their actions and decisions up to this point
meaningless, it's usually bad plotting.

Of course, rescues are far from the only situations
in which Storyteller characters can steal center stage.
Any situation in which the characters sit around and
watch the bigwigs accomplish stuff is a recipe for
disaster, unless the characters have their own sub-
plots to which they're attending while the larger
events are going on in the background. If I can get
away with saying this in a Vampire book without
Justin coming after me with a rusty tire iron, | have
to say that I feel that some previously published
chronicles fail in this regard. Giving the players the
opportunity to "witness pivotal events in Kindred
history" really isn't all that much fun when they have
precious little opportunity to shape those events.
They're once again playing the,role of spectators,
something they could just as easily do with a remote
control in one hand and a bag of Doritos in the other.

Again, that's not to say you can't involve the
characters in such proceedings. Just. make sure to
give them something to do. It doesn't even‘have to
be directly related to the history-making, world-
shaping events taking place around them; as lofg as
it provides them something in which they can pat-
ticipate, accomplish character goals.or atleast affect
the outcome.

Shared Responsibility

In case you thought that all the onus was on the
Storyteller for ensuring that the players have fun,
and for knowing the distinction between what works
in a published story to what works in a game, think
again. The players have some responsibilities here
too.

First and foremost, stop'making* rugged loner
characters, damn you! Unless you've been a Story-
teller trying to involve such a character, you almost
can't imagine how bloody annoyingythey are. Sure,
they're great in novels and moviéS where you have
the option of cutting away for a few seenés or chap-
ters to focus on them while the other characters are
off doing something else. That doesn't work in a
game.though: Splitting the coterie isn't an absolute
no-no — sometimes it's good for the story; and can
provide opportunities for roleplaying that are harder
to find in a larger group — but it should be a rarely
used technique. Few players, at least among those
I've met personally, particularly enjoy sitting around
and watching half the group playing and interacting
while they have nothing:to do but wait for their turn
to come back around. That's when the thagazines
open and the Playstation is flipped on, and then the

whole thing's pretty much lost. Bottom line, if you're
cfeating a character the Storyteller is going to have
drag kicking and screaming into the coterie, espe-
cially if she's going to have to do so ona regular basis
as opposed to only once at the beginning, scrap the
concept and start over, unless you have very under-
standing and patient people in your group. Not only
is it no fun for the Storyteller to wrestle with your
character every other game night, it slows things
down for the*troupé as well.

It's also worth touching on the concept of char-
acter-versus-character conflict here. Vampire is, of
course, partially a game of politics in which players
are portraying creatures that are inherently selfish,
untrustworthy and vicious. A certain amount of
conflict between characters, éven in a coterie, is
appropriate and, one could argue, inevitable. The
key words are, of course, "a certainamounte" Differ-
ent players have different ideas of what constitutes
an appropriate level*of backstabbing. Once you've
crossed that line, whereveriit may be, you've gone
from character-versusecharacter to_playér-versus-
player. It's an‘unfortunate truth that, no matter how
mature the players and how determined they are to
separate in-game events from real-life emotions, cer- [A
tain actionsare simply difficult not to take personally."
Again, when dealing with scripted works, it can bea
lot of fun to watch the group implode as the main
charactéts cease trusting each other and start work-
ing against one another, but that sort of activity.can
easily derail a chronicle.

Unfortunately, it's not possible to say "X antount
of conflict is too much," since even more thanthe
other subjects.discussed here, it's really a matter of
personal preference. All can say is that you're better
served going»for too little than, too, much, since
nobody (tomy knowledge) ever got mad at his fellow
payers and walked out of a game because they didn't
mistreat him. (Fora deéper look into player conflict, |
see Rhiannon Louve's essay on'p. 164.)

A Few Final Words \

I have not the slightest doubt that some of you,
as you've been féading this, have disagreed with me
in the strongest way. "But I like doing rhat! And we
all have fun with it!" If that's the case, morépower
to you. Pm not trying to step on anyone's favored
gaming styleshere. It's been my experience, though,
that every one of the issues I've discussed here tends
to cause far more frustration, resentment and disap-
pointment with the game among players than
anything else, and while it's probably not hard to
find individual players who disagree with me, I'd

\Vawoe PLavers Gube

200


imagine it's a bit more difficult to find entire groups
of them who actually game together. The bottom
line is, even if you like some of the stuff I've men-
tioned here, odds
gaming group doesn't. Ask yourself if ruining the
game for others is really going to incréase your own
enjoyment of it (and if the answer is yes, bthink you
have bigger problems than gaming style, but that's
just me).

For the rest of you, don't be afraid to draw
inspiration from outside sources, but give some real
thought as to how best to tweak and twist them for
use in-game. Just because it worked up on the big
screen doesn't mean it's going to around the table.
Forget, for a moment, how much you enjoyed watch-
ing or reading it. Try to imagine what it would feel
like to portray a character involved in it before you
decide if it would be fun or not.

e good that someone in your

Oh, one last thought. If you find yourself answer-
ing player complaints about your decisions with "I'm
doing it that way for the story," maybe it's the story
that needs rethinking.

I wish you good gaming.

Make It Easy on US

By Matthew McFarland

Hi. This is your Storyteller speaking.

OK, I'm probably not your Storyteller, but I'm a
Storyteller. I love playing these games, don't get me
wrong, but I feel most comfortable behind the screen.
As such, I'm taking down the screen for a minute and
sharing with you, the players (and my fellow Story-
tellers, naturally) the biggest headache of running
Vampire (or, indeed, any storytelling game). More
importantly, I'm going to tell you what you can do to
alleviate it.

(Before we start, a note specifically directed at
Storytellers: I'm writing this essay ming that you
guys are mature, caring people who want nothing
more than to make your players happy. I'm assuming
that you want them clamoring to find out what
happens next. I'm assuming you're not the kind of
Storytellers who enjoy torturing players with un-
beatable foes, and then having your old character
show up to beat the snot of out of the enemy while
the players watch. Right? Good. On we go.)

If I had to identify the single biggest problem
with running games that I've had over the last 18
years of running games, I'd have to say "miscommu-
nication." Others have come up, of course — I've
had my share of problem players, just like any Story-
teller — but the most galling situations come from

players who know exactly what they want from a
game and either don't bother to tell me or don't tell
me in a way that allows any remedy.

For instance: I've had a number of players over
the years who have dropped out of chronicles citing
boredom with the game. Specifics range from "the
novelty is gone" to "I don't like where the chronicle
is going." The former isn't something that 1, as
Storyteller, can do about — if the player is truly
bored with the notion of gaming, my hands are rather
tied. The direction of the chronicle, however, is
something the players should be intimately involved
with. If you, asa player, have ideas about the ongoing
chronicle, tell the Storyteller. Remember that you're
not running the game,and so you don't get to dictate
exactly what's happening, but the suggestion box is
always open. Good Storytellers aren't so proud of
their tight little scripts that they won't scrap their
ideas and run with ones the players give them.

That means, however, that a level of trust be-
tween players and Storytellers must be present. I had
a player tell me, months after a chronicle had ended,
that toward the end of the chronicle he had dreaded
showing up every week and wasn't at all having fun
with the game. Aside from grievously wounding my
pride, this was doubly upsetting because I hadn't
picked up on that attitude at all from the player's
behavior. He showed up on time, played his charac-
ter just as well as he always had and seemed enthused
by the game. Hearing that he wasn't enjoying him-
self at all w major blow, especially months after
the fact, because | couldn't do anything about it.

If you're in such a position, tell the Storyteller. |
don't recommend doing it in front of the other
players, because that puts the Storyteller in a very
uncomfortable position. Ask if you can show up early
for a game or meet outside of a regular session and
discuss where the game is going and why you aren't
having fun with it. This last is especially important
— have some concrete, specific reasons why you're
not enjoying the game. If you say, "I'm just not
having fun," the Storyteller has no way to fix it. If
you say, "Ever since that Tremere became prince, the
tone of the game has gotten way too 1984, and it's
stifling," that gives the Storyteller something to
work with. Don't be accusatory; just because you're
not having fun doesn't mean that the Storyteller is
deliberately torturing you. Be honest and trust that
your Storyteller has a way to change things for the
better. In fact, it's probably a good idea to bring some
suggestions to the table. In the above example, you
might suggest that the game's Orwellian tone would

Secmion Taree: Essays

201

be more fun if the players were involved in the
prince's schemes more directly, perhaps becoming a
"secret police" of sorts. Anything that's going to
result ina major change for the chronicle needs to be
discussed with the other players, of course, but it's
always better to have some solid ideas about where to
go rather than to say, "Right, this chronicle needs to
change. How should we do it?"

It's important to recognize, too, that just because
the chronicle isn't working for you doesn't mean that
other players aren't loving it. This is an unpleasant
turn of events for the Storyteller (who wants every-
body to be happy with the chronicle) — one player
dislikes the game while the others are having a blast
with it. About the only thing to do is to discuss with
all the players what they see as the best and worst
points of the game have been and see where the
consensus lies. As anyone who's ever worked in a
design group knows, however, consensus doesn't
lend itself well to truly enjoyable results. At best,
you'll wind up with a chronicle that everybody feels
lukewarm about. Remember that when forming com-
plaints to the Storyteller, you might have to be
involved in stories that don't spark as much interest
for you. Instead of complaining about such stories,
try to figure out how best to fit your character in, and
provide suggestions to the Storyteller about ele-
ments she could include to allow your character to
become part of the action. Also, keep the Storyteller
informed about your character's story arc, so that
perhaps the next session might involve him a bit
more directly.

Roleplaying games are shared experiences, and
this means that you can't have the spotlight all the
time. Your Storyteller should recognize this and
tailor stories and even individual game sessions to
provide chances for each character to shine. If you
feel as though you're getting shafted in this regard,
let the Storyteller know — but first, takea. moment
to look back over the last few sessions and make sure
you didn't have opportunities to.get involved that
you just didn't take. advantage of. The more fleshed
out your character is, by the way, the easier such
situations are for the Storyteller to create. A charac'
ter with a couple of dots in Etiquette "just because"
doesn't help the Storyteller. A characterswith.a
couple of dots in Etiquette gained from growing up
affluent in Savannah gives the Storyteller a good
idea what the character's social mores are and allows
the Storyteller to play to them. If you have a very
detailed character and you still feel useless in the
game, let the Storyteller know. Odds are, he thinks

he's giving you plenty of chances to speak up and you
just aren't taking them. Honest communication,
with specific examples, is once again the best cure for
this.

All of this encouragement to take grievances to
the Storyteller might make said Storyteller a bit
nervous, so I'll add this, too: Tell the Storyteller
what's right about the game as well as what's wrong.
We like to hear that you enjoy the games, because we
puta lot of work into them. Let the Storyteller know
what part of a story you particularly liked and why —
it gives him the ability to work similar elements into
future stories (Storytellers, don't go overboard here.
Listening to the players is good; repetition is bad). A
great time to do this is after one story is completed
and everyone is spending experience points. Discuss
with the troupe what the next story should be about.
If the Storyteller has an idea, he should mention it,
but if the players are all clamoring for a given story,
the Storyteller should cheerfully set aside any plans
that he has and run what the players want (or, better
yet, merge the two). I've found that asking each
player to write down three suggestions about what
the next story should entail and then choosing the
most popular suggestion works well. Likewise, if the
players all decide that their characters are going to
Cleveland for the next story, the Storyteller shouldn't
force them not to. The Storyteller is perfectly within
his rights to ask the troupe what they plan on accom-
plishing by venturing to Cleveland, what Storyteller
characters (if any) they hope to meet and in general
what they, the players, want out of such a story. The
more information you provide the Storytellét about
your desires for the game, the bettér equipped he is to
make the gameenjoyable. The biggest complimenta
Storyteller can receive is the story becoming impor
tant enough to the players that they become involved.
If the players are taking time out of their schedules to
email you With ideas or suggestions, you're doing
something right.

The general dynamic between the players and
the Storyteller merits some discussion. This is men-
tioned in the Vampire Storytellers Handbook, but
I'm going to bring it up here because the players need
to hear it, too: The players and the Storytellér are
not in competition. The goal of a roleplaying game is
to havefunvand)tellia satisfying story. The players
and the Storyteller need to agree on what a "satisfy-
ing story" means, but never once in my long years as
a gamer has "the Storytéller characters kill all the
players' characters" (or vice versa) beén'tegarded as
mutually enjoyable. The Storyteller wears a lomof

‘Vawente PLavers Gune

202


different hats, and the "antagonist and conflict hat"
is one of thé most common (I picture one of those
Hun helmets with a big spike on the top). That
doesn't mean that the Storyteller is out to get you or
your characters, it juSt means that conflict is crucial
to any good story and the Storyteller is responsible
for adjudicating it.

Note.that I said "adjudicating it," not "creating
it." A well crafted character should give the Story-
teller plenty of opportunities for conflict, so when
creating your character, involve the Storyteller.
Check out the example of character creation in
Vampire: The Masquerade. That charaeter is great
— she's complex, she has built-in ties:to the larger
Kindred community, and her character isn't tied to
her clan or her Disciplines (tying a concept too.
closely to clan ignoressone of the fundamental
aspects of Vampire — that every vampire was oncé
mortal). A good Storyteller can read: those few
pages and come up with all kinds of story ideas —
make life thateasy,for your Storyteller, and you'teap
the benefits. This is also true of character develop-
ment; the experience point distribution guidelines
for Vampire recommend giving a point for "learn-
ing curve." This requires stating what the character
learned from a given session.\I've found that many
players have a habit of coming up with some pretty
insightful stuff when it comes time-to get that
experience point ... and then forgetting all about it:
My advice: Write it down. If your character has
learned that the primogen council in) your ¢ity
consists of a bunch of scrounging bastards kowtow?
ing to the prince, that realization should color
future interactions with them and their agents.
That realization should also give the Storyteller
ideas for potential conflicts between youyand the
city's bigwigs — so remember that you said it. As
you learn about your charaeter, share your dis¢over-
ies with the Storyteller and lewher help shape that
character into a truly dynamie individual.

Ofcourse, in-game events aren't the only things
to shape character development. What if, several
months into a Vampire game, you pick up the
Guide to the Anarchs and become enamored of the
concept of becoming a baron? Your character, how-
ever, is a rather mousy Camarilla lapdog who has no
idea that in some places in America the Kindred
roam free (so to speak). The best thing to do is to
buy another copy of Guide to the Anarchs for your
Storyteller (or lend her yours) and say, "I think this
would be perfect for my character." All of that
information we put out in sourcebooks really is

meant to help in creating interesting and dynamic
stories, souse it. Share it with the Storyteller and ask
her to create the kinds of situations in-game where
the ideas you read in the latest book become useful.

Wheneyer you share an idea with the Storyteller,
you lose control of that idea. That's intrinsic to
storytelling games; they're shared experiences, and as
the Storyteller has final authority over the game, she
is free to rule that a given idea needs some fiddling in
order to fit into the existing chronicle. For instance,
the player who decides that his character should
become a baron might not have the chance to take
over the city and make it his barony — but might,
during a subsequent story, havethe opportunity to
take part in a plot to take down the prince and then
participate in the Kindred battles that follow, as the
entire city comes up for grabs. If you come up with a
new Discipline combo, don't be surprised when the
Storyteller tweaks it a bit. This, after all, is exactly
what happens when we Storytellers present ideas to
the players — you put your individual spins on our
plotlines and scenarios, and the end result is a surprise
for everyone. And that's great, because if the ending
is predictable, why bother? (Incidentally, this is why
we ask our authors not to write their own characters
into sourcebooks. It's not only gooby as hell, but then
those characters become ours, and the authors might
not like what we do with, or to, them. This is also why
Nehemiah dies in Sins of the Blood.)

In closing, I said before that the biggest game-
Killer P''ve encountered is miscommunication. I'll
expand that.a little to "lack of honest communica-
tion." To play any storytelling game well requires a
level of trust among players, and between the player
and the'Storyteller. In Vampire, where so often the
players wind up doing sneaky things to each other,
thisis doubly true. The player needs to be able to trust
the Storyteller with his character and the character's
plots, hopes, dreams and final fate. Likewise, the
Storyteller needs to be able to trust the players with
her precious storyline. Both sides need to accept that
at the end of the night, neither the characters nor the
story are going to be in the same condition as when
they started}and that's a good thing.

So that's the deal, players. Tell Storytellers what
you want from the game, honestly and respectfully.
We'll play fair by you, treating you and your charac-
ters with the attention and respect they deserve.
When all is said and done, we'll meet someplace
neither of us ever expected to go.

Secmon Turee: Essays

203


A Lonc Loox BACK

By Carl Bowen

As far as gaming goes, | feel like I've done pretty
much everything. I've done all sorts of math and
rolled all sorts of dice. I've played card games and
board games of every description and all manner of
tabletop pen-and-paper games. From D&D (before |
even knew there was an Advanced version) to
Shadowrun; from Magic to Munchkin; from Dungeon
to BattleTech; from Vampire to Exalted to Aberrant
and back again.

And that's not all by a long shot. I've also set the
paper and dice aside and participated in other acts of
gaming (or gamer) culture. If you want to count the
computerized variety of games, I've been suckered
into playing everything from MUDs and MUSHes to
more multiplayer first-person shooters than most
sane individuals would find conscionable. I haven't
tried out any chat games on the White Wolf website
yet, but only because I know it would come down to
playing the games or working, knowing how much I
like to read the sound of my own voice.

I don't just go in for the sedentary gaming,
either. I've played in plenty of live-action games,
too. I started out swinging insulated and duct-taped
PVC pipes at my friends in the woods and occasion-
ally dodging whizzing packets of birdseed. I kept that
up all through college, turning what would have
been otherwise perfectly good camping trips into
excuses to exchange welts or plunge headlong down
muddy embankments in the name of full-immersion
alternate-reality interactive adventure. Being a talker
instead of a fighter at heart, though, I gravitated
toward Mind's Eye Theatre live-action roleplaying.
Sure, less actual "action" was involved, but it was
large, and it was social, and it was a lot like the pen-
and-paper gaming I liked so much.

On top of all that, I've also been on the other side
of the table. Not only have I been a player in loads of
roleplaying games, I've also been an occasional Sto-
ryteller. Granted, I've run only White Wolf games,
and I didn't hold the august position very long, but
I did it. I've been there. I understand and respect the
archetypal role of Storyteller.

So since high school I've been racking up all this
gaming experience, and it turns out that it was
actually good for something. With luck, tenacity and
a brilliant command of our native language, I par-
layed my stockpile of experience into an
honest-to-God job with White Wolf. The fascinat-
ing and educational story of how I did that can be

\Vawore Pavers Guide
204

found on our website, but somehow it's even less
relevant than everything leading up to this point
seems, so I'll just move on.

Anyhow, I'm not the oldest employee here by a
wide margin (ha-ha), but neither am | being glib
when I add my work experience in with my gaming
experience to say I feel like I've done everything
where gaming is concerned. | started out five years
ago as a copyeditor, and that job is still my primary
one. For a couple of my first years, | was also the
developer of the Mind's Eye Theatre Journal — an
80-page LARPers' quarterly that picked up where
other Mind's Eye publications left off. I've also
developed several other tabletop and live-action
game books. I've written for many others. Beyond
that, I've been helping design games (to sharply
varying degrees) since Exalted was first dreamed up.
I've been a play-tester, I've helped design marketing
campaigns, and I've even written ad copy. When it
comes to the creative aspect, | know my stuff. I've
been there; I've done that, as that dated saying goes.

"So?" I can almost hear you asking now. "How
does this help me?" Well, it doesn't yet, unless you're
starting a fan club or something. I have been building
to something, though, and this is it. Considering
what all I've done in the world of gaming since way
back in high school, I came toa realization some time
last year: | was bored. Bored with all of it. Bored with
making up characters. Bored with Gothic-Punk.
Bored with ethical dilemmas and gray areas and
villains who are mostly just like us but seen as though
through a glass darkly. And since White Wolf games
have always been my favorite (ever since I first read
the Beast Within anthology and crowed, "You mean
I can actually play one of these vampires?"), that
meant I'd grown bored with White Wolf. I'd become
a jaded gamer. I didn't want to read these books cover
to cover like I used to, and I didn't want to play these
games anymore. | was moping around under a heavy
lethargy, fighting off sickly ennui and watching my
creative spark gutter and flag. Alas ...

Maybe some of you are heading that way right
now. Maybe some of you are already there but you
keep playing out of sheer habit. Maybe you see it
happening to a friend and you wonder what you can
do to help. Well, that's what I'm here to talk about.
I'm here because even though | felt those feelings
and was that terribly, melodramatically jaded, I'm
not anymore. I found a way out of that funk, and 1
figure that what helped me will help you, too.

But I have to tell you, I thought nothing could
help me at the time. Nothing new in the world of


gaming impressed me, game-design meetings at the
office were exercises in frustration, and violations of
standard grammatical rules perpetrated by our au-
thors were starting to really piss me off. | wasn't much
fun to be around, and I didn't even seek company all
that much (considering the fact that many of my
friends are folks I've met through gaming). Where
gaming was concerned, I was turning into a grumpy
old man, and here I wasn't even 30. Fortunately, I
recognized this happening to me while | still had
time to eradicate the feeling and get back to enjoying
my hobby. (Just as you must have if you're reading
this essay in a self-help capacity.)

So why should I feel this way about a hobby (and,
indeed, a profession) that had brought me such
amusement thus far? What was it about gaming (and
White Wolf in particular) that had turned me off? It
wasn't like the quality had gone downhill. The writ-
ing, editing, layout and design of White Wolf games
has only improved since its kitchen-sink beginning
in the early 90s. It couldn't have been the fact that
people just naturally outgrow gaming as they get
older. | know guys who've been enjoying White Wolf
games without flag or fail since those selfsame D.I.Y.
days. Hell, I know guys who've been gaming faith-
fully ever since the first edition of D@D and have no
apparent intention of ever quitting. You know, old
guys; ancient guys — 35-year-olds and such. Geez
So it looked like age had nothing to do with it. That
must mean I was the problem somehow. But how?

It took a while, but I finally figured it out. My
problem was that I'd become extremely critical. (I'm
sure that people who know me and are reading this
just let out a collective, "No, really?!?") You'd think
being critical is a good quality for a guy to have if he
makes his living copyediting things, and you'd be
right. Having this quality also keeps writers and

developers from creating flawed products that don't
hold up under even their own internal logic. Know-
ing how sentences and paragraphs and stories are all

structured and supposed to work together to form a

powerful and cohesive whole makes one a better
writer, a better editor of writers and generally a
better storyteller (or Storyteller). What it doesn't
make one into, though, is someone who can pas-
sively appreciate other people's stories and written
works. When you learn how to spot flaws in sentence
thythm and story structure and (God help you)
grammar, you start to realize that not everyone can
do it as well as you can. Even some established so-
called professionals who are paid buckets of money
to write or direct prime-time TV shows or summer

Secmion Turee: Essays

a 205

blockbusters, or who option themselves into early
retirement writing mystery or fantasy novels are
pretty terrible at it, by and large. But no one cares,
because enough media hype and spurious accolades
have already washed over us to trick us into spending
our nonrefundable money and wasting our irrevoce
bly lost time to subsidize this tripe. That, and the
average person who considers his entertainment
nothing more than entertainment doesn't have that
critical eye it takes to be good at telling stories in the
first place. Even when these stories that are being
produced aren't bad (or are, at least, better than the
rest of the effluvia out there), they're formulaic and
predictable, which is kind of worse because they
have no wonder and magic left to surprise you.

Wow, that rant's so practiced I almost didn't
realize I was typing it until I was done. I say that sort
of thing all the time where movies, television and
books are concerned. Worse, I used to say it about
gaming too. And that's just the finished products I'm
talking about. The products I was most happy with.
That says nothing about the mess I knew about
behind the curtain — the part the consumer never
s I'm talking about the ugly wonder that is an
unedited manuscript. The bastard train wreck of
misspellings, mixed metaphors (like "bastard tr
wreck") and run-on sentences with semicolon su-
tures. Yet it's still better than the predeveloped
version that the person one step above me usually
has to deal with (except when I'm in that position).
Talk about an exercise in mind-flummoxing
Lovecraftian horror

But yeah, that was my attitude about gaming
after years of doing it, then more years of peering
behind the curtain. I was sick of it, there was nothing
in it for me, and I didn't want to play anymore. So
what was to be done? What could cure this crisis of
all the faith I'd invested in the gaming "industry" all
these years?

Well, the first thing was that I had to get over
myself. A point had come during my disillusionment
phase at which I realized that | was no longer simply
bored or disappointed in the state of gaming, I was
actually getting angry. Somehow — and I blame the
1990s for this — I'd grown to feel that I was abso-
lutely entitled to only the very best sort of
entertainment reading for my disposable-income
dollar, and the fact that I wasn't getting it royally
pissed me off. Especially as I refined my sense of style
and my taste along with it. I deserved better. Hell,
since my money was paying White Wolf's employees'

salaries for a while there, 1 demanded better. How
dare they not give it to me?

As I said before, though) the company's prod-
ucts' overall quality was steadily improving, and it
had been for years. That wasn't even the real prob-
lem. The products weren't fundamentally flawed,
they just weren't perfect, yet that was what I de-
manded. I'm not one-hundred-percent certain what
brought about the revelation that I Was being a high-
horse-riding, ivory-tower jerkweed, but it certainly
didn't hurt to check out some of my old writing and
my first couple of editing assignments. That helped
me realize that perfection might be a somewhat lofty
goal for us mere mortals. My friends' willingness to
point out that I was being, by turns, a whiner anda
prick about things helped put my attitude in perspec-
tive as well.

So that took the high-and-mighty, holiet-than-
though arrogancé out of my opinions, but it didn't
cure the other lingering issue that I was still strug-
gling with. | wasn't looking down my nose at my
roleplaying games' quality anymore, but] still wasn't
excited about them. I no longer dismissed other
people's enjoyment in their own games, but I couldn't
find it in mine either. I was still burned out. So I
talked to a couple of my good friends — who also
happen to be frequent Storytellers and avid
roleplayers — and they both gave me the same piece
of advice independently. It's pretty basic advice that
can reasonably apply to anyone who's jaded about
anything they used to love, but it's the sort of thing
you might not think of on your own unless you hear
it from somebody else first. Simply put, the thing to
do is to look back at your first character (or your
favorite if they're not one and the same) and describe
him to yourself. Write it down if you have to. Go over
a few of his exploits and even delve a little into his
secret history. Repeat a couple of his best lines of
dialogue. Reminisce about his in-game friendships
with other characters. Retell the story of his greatest
success and gripe for a while about his most ugly
defeat.

Seriously, either do this out loud or write it down
somewhere — hell, if your friends are gamers and
they were in some of these games with you, you've
probably done something like this before. If you
really enjoyed this character, you'll start to feel a
little of the same excitement you felt while you were
actually playing this person. You'll start to remember
the thrill you felt as inexperience and ignorance gave
way to awe and dreadful understanding of the dan-
gers mercifully hidden from your character until he

\Vawee Players Gune

206

got a little too curious. You'll start to relive the
desperate excitement of a hunt gone sour or a vicious
argument turned to frenzy or a fight averted at the
last second by slick words. You'll remember excitedly
talking about your character before and after each
game Session, and sometimes just out of the blue.
You'll remember taking notes during a game or writ-
ing pages.and pages of character history before the
game. You'll remember dusting off your old character
sheet long after the original game ended and finding
another use for the old icon somewhere down the
road (be it in another game with a new Storytelleror
in an independent work of fiction or who knows
where). In short, you'll remember the fun you had
playing your favorite character.

Now, think about your best character. Think of
the most realistic, fully developed, dramatic, human
character you've ever conceived. The one you felt
the most pressure to play "right," lest you devalue the
whole roleplaying experience.. The one who wasn't
afraid to wreck so-called "party unity" by hewing
especially close to the roleplaying guidelines of his
Nature, Willpower and Virtues: The one who could
just as easily have been some real person you de-
scribed from memory, rather-than created from
scratch. The ultimate testament to your superior,
mature powers of creativity.

If you're lucky enough to still be enjoying gam-
ing as much as you did the day you started, your best
character is either the same as your favorite or re-
markably similar. If you're like I was, though, what
you'll find when you perform this little exercise is
that those two individuals atevery different indeed.
One is.a very normal-seeming regular person thrust
into a supernatural world, the other an engaging
icon at peace with the world he's apart of and largely
concerned with making a go of itinstyle. One makes
roleplaying seem a chore ora responsibility (which it
really isn't); the other makes roleplaying fun (as it
should be).

Now look at these two characters and figure out
what it is that makes the best so different from your
favorite. Ask yourself these questions: Was your
favorite character fearless and inconsiderate where
your best is more diplomatic and cautious? Was your
favorite quick to act and just as quick to,fationalize
dismissively, whereas your best agonizes over every
moral quandary? Was your favorite an idealized ver-
sion of who you wanted to be at the time, while your
best isa reflection of who everybody (including you)
pretty much thinks you are? Did you actually puta lot
of time and effort into making your best character a

solid, well portrayed individual, while your favorite
character just did pretty much whatever you thought
was cool under the circumstances?

If you're coming up with a lot of yes answers
there — which I certainly was when I went through
this process — you're orbiting the source of the
problem. You're making yourself uptight by holding
your creative efforts up to some artificial standard
that nobody actually enforces. You're under the
mistaken impression that your characters have to
live in a John Steinbeck novel or something, and as
such they have to be paragons of human drama and
exemplars of mature themes. The truth is, they don't.
You're just here to have fun, so relax and create a
character you think is.cool. It doesn't matter if that
character is prettymuch just like your old favorite
character (or every other character you play). Look
back at what it was that made your favorite so
interesting (physi€al prowess, an exotic collection of
Disciplines, a sardonic wit, utter fearlessness, deadly
marksmanship, whatever) and stop trying to con-
vince yourselfthat something is wrong (i-e., immature
or two-dimensional) with it. After all, the real.world
is already replete with fully developed dramatic icons
with deep personal issues and cleverly constructed
guidelines of behavior and social interaction. If you
find that so oppressive and mundane that you're
looking to dark fantasy and horror roleplaying games
for some light escapism, maybe you shouldn't burden
your gaming experience with more of the same.

Whathappens as atesult of all this looking back,
then, is that you'll recapture what it was that you
used to find so entertaining and engaging about
gaming in general. You'll see what it was that helped
you let your hair down and kept you coming back to
this pastime that we all enjoy so much. I know it
helped me tolook back and see my past with new eyes
even ones so critical. It helped me see the com-
mon themes funning through all my favorite
characters and understand what it was I found so
enthralling about letting them play out in game after
game. It was also very educational to realize that
when I stopped trying to-incorporate said themes
into my most recent games (largely because I thought
there was something wrong with them), I was no
longer having as much fun roleplaying. I'm not going
to bore you by going into what those themes are and
showing how they came across in each of my charac-
ters by describing my rogues' gallery to you in living
detail, but as I'm typing this, | actually kind of want
to. I'm getting that fuzzy, nostalgic excitement that

SECTION Taree: Essays

207


broke me out of my funk last year, which is evidence
that what I'm talking about actually works.

But, if you're like me, you won't believe it works
until you've tried it for yourself. So pause a minute
here, breathe a few deep cleansing breaths and take
that long look back at the fun you used to have.
Remember the mystery and magic; the awe and
tragedy. Remember the thrill of victory and the pure,
unadulterated fun. Remember what it was that made
your games great when they were entirely new to you
and bring those elements back into your current
gaming situation. You might need to make up a new
character, start anew chronicle or find a new Story-
teller to do so, but you'll be happier and enjoy the
gaming experience more once you do, I promise you:

Trust me, I've been there; I've done that.

BLOODLINES

by Kraig Blackwelder

Saffron is a brightly colored*and. intensely
flavorful spice. Made from the stigmatatof crocus
flowers, it is hard to come by. Gram for'gram, it is
the most expensive spice on the planet — and a
good thing too, because saffron is remarkably toxic.
Two grams of high-quality saffron is enough to kill
a healthy man.

The point here is not to act asj@ tutorial forall
the would-be Borgias reading this, but to point out
that certain spices, however popular, should be
doled out sparingly, lest even the best-meaning
chef incur unintended consequences.

In Vampire, the more exotic bloodlines are a
little like saffron:.A little can add spice,»while
more than that can cause'problems.

The rare vampiric bloodlines in Vampire: The
Masquerade.— Baali, Blood Brothers,/Daughters
of Cacophony, Gargoyles, Harbingers of Skulls,
Kiasyd, Nagaraja, Salubri, Samediand True Brujah
— are a polarizing lot. Folks tend to love thempor
hate them. Players love their exoticism, theirnigh-
apocryphal status and strange Disciplines.
Storytellers, on the other hand, have often limped
the bloodlines together and, somewhat unfairly,
filed them all under "B" for Broken. Among some
players, even asking to play a character from one
of the bloodlines is enough to get the player a
reputation as a twink, whether that reputation is
deserved or not.

The bloodlines have changed since their in-
ception early on in the history of Vampire, and
they're no longer quite as disruptive to games as
they once were, and they're certainly not just for

twinks. The following section takes a look at the
appeal of playing one of these characters as well as
the pros and cons, and it explores what it takes to
successfully play the role of one of these outcasts
among the outcasts.

The Allure

It's no surprise that people want to play un-
usual vampires; they have an appeal that the more
familiar clans may have lost due to overexposure.
There's nothing wrong with being a little myste
ous, after all. It's a horror game about vampires;
mystery, therefore, is in order. If you've given
some thought to playing a vampire from one of the
bloodlines, and you have some good reasons for
not playing a vampire from one of the clans, your
first step is to ask for what you want, so check with
the Storyteller. You're always. free: tor approach
your Storyteller with a proposal for a,eharacter
from/an unusual bloodline, but beware that your
Storyteller may or may not be satisfied that the
flavor your exotic charaetér adds to the game is
worth thé effort (or potential annoyance). As a
player however, it's good to recognize that there
are more and less sensible reasons to play a vam-
pire from an/odd little bloodline, and you'll want
to know which reasons make sense to your Story-
teller and which don't.

First ofall, everybody wants to be special. It's
fun to be different (orean be when you do it right).
Playing a bloodline character is like driving an
exotic sports car: it comes with a certain amount
of prestige. Be aware, therefore, that your Story-
teller may want toyou meet certain requirements
before she' ll let you play a bloodlinewampire. She
may not lét new-orsinexperienced players take
exotic characters,for examplé, or she may want to
establish a storytelling history with you first.

Secondly, bloodline vampires add a different
flavor to a game. As different as vampire are from
mortals, the problems and needs of some of the
bloodline vampires can be even more... unusual.
The goals and problems of the'standard clans may
pale sometimeés'when compared with some of the
goals and problems of the more -unusual blood-
lines. Just be aware that your Storyteller isn't
likely to downplay the drawbacks of being a par-
ticularly odd» vampire. If you insist on playing a
Nagaraja, don't be surprised if your Storyteller
goes out of her way to make sure you realize what
a pain in the ass it is to be a cannibalistic vampire
who has to keep his feeding habits secret from the
world (and probably from others of his kind).

awe PLayers Gude

208


Furthermore, be aware that a Storyteller may be
perfectly happy with the flavor of her chronicle
and she may not want to tinker with what she sees
as a working formula.

Thirdly, bloodline vampires appeal, in part,
due to their sheer exoticism. All but the most
tedious and hidebound people are drawn to con-
cepts that are new, different or exotic. Gamers, in
particular, tend to appreciate things that fall out-
side the mainstream (in some cases well outside
the mainstream...). Consequently, the exotic
bloodlines will always have a certain allure to
players. Bear in mind, however, that exoticism,
when tossed about too freely, becomes common-
place. And, more pragmatically, the nail that sticks
out too far gets hammered down. If you're playing
an uncommon bloodline, it behooves you to keep
your exotic nature masked until it needs to be
brought to the fore or it can be done with the most
dramatic impact. Discretion is the better part of
playing an exotic bloodline. Playing it thus makes
more sense in the context of the story as well; after
all, the few surviving True Brujah don't survive by
saying "Hey everybody, look at me! I'm using
Temporis!" Far worse than not being allowed to
play a bloodline character is being allowed to play
a bloodline character who meets Final Death after
one game because he couldn't keep his mouth shut
about what a rare and special creature he was.

Fourth, the unusual Disciplines used by many
of the bloodlines can be an interesting change of
pace (and an unexpected surprise for your in-game
antagonists). If you've grown tired of Dominate,
Potence, Presence and the other standard Disci-
plines, playing with the Disciplines of the
Daughters of Cacophony or Kiasyd can be a good
time. That said, be forewarned that there are some
Storytellers for whom even the words Melpominee,
Mytherceria, Thanatosis, et al. are like the vilest
obscenity, in which case you're going to need to
rethink your character concept (or else become
very persuasive).

Many players also find a degree of freedom in
playing a vampire from one of the bloodlines that
they may not find in portraying something a little
more conventional. Most players have either
played the more dominant clans or they've seen
them played. And many players are inclined to
play characters the way they've seen them played
before. They know how a Toreador or a Gangrel is
typically played, and — despite admonitions here
and there to do otherwise — they've seen and

probably accepted many of the notions associated
with particular clans. Toreador vampires (they
believe) should be a tad arrogant, a bit effete and
mostly too, too jaded. Gangrel on the other hand
are mostly feral and are therefore likely to growl a
lot, but they're noble at heart and might even have
a connection to the Lupines if not a longstanding
ally..... On the other hand, vampires from the
bloodlines are largely terra incognita, the stereo-
types, while there, have not been modeled and
reinforced so frequently that they're inescapable.
There's still room for a player to personalize a
bloodline vampire. The player gets to decide just
what a Kiasyd is like, not other players who have
already modeled Kiasyd behavior a hundred times
before.

The Challenges

Playing a vampire from an exotic bloodline
comes with a number of challenges, and for the
most part, unless you have a specific goal in mind
that requires you to play such a character, it's
often easier to slant a vampire from a more main-
stream clan to your tastes, but for those of you
intent on playing an unusual bloodline, here are
some things to think about.

While playing bloodline vampires can be fun
and can add to the chronicle, they, more than
most of the clans have a lot of potential to detract
from the game as well. They have a great potential
for screwing up group cohesion. It takes a signifi-
cant creative stretch to explain why a vampire
from most of the bloodlines would spend any sig-
nificant time with a party of clan vampires. Players
can, of course, come up with a thousand ways of
making this creative stretch, but doing it without
straining credibility can be a problem that either
the other players or the Storyteller may find too
annoying. Other players are not obligated to change
their characters or how they play their characters
to allow you to play a vampire from an exotic
bloodline.

Characters from the more unusual bloodlines
can cause problems with the feel of the game.
Folklore credits vampires with certain supernatu-
ral abilities, and the more common an ability in
the lore, the more common it is in the game. Some
of the abilities possessed by the exotic bloodlines
don't have much in common with vampire legends
at all, resulting in a game that feels less like
Vampire and more like Superhero by Night or
Weird Idea Plus Blood. If you're going to be por-
traying a character from one of the odder

Section Turée: Essavs

209


bloodlines, give some thought to what you might
do to interpret your character's Disciplines in such
a way that they flow from his vampiric nature.

Often the first challenge associated with play-
ing an exotic vampire is getting it past the
Storyteller, and with good reason. Your Story-
teller may have a particular idea in mind for her
chronicle that requires a coterie of Camarilla vam-
pires, with all of their social mores and expectations
in place, and your character concept for the Kiasyd
assassin might not fit into her game neatly (if at
all).

Some Storytellers may disallow bloodlines be-
cause they feel their Disciplines are unbalancing
to game play. Others may disallow them as too odd
for the chronicle they had in mind. Others may
prefer to keep the more exotic types as Storyteller-
only plot devices. In any case, your Storyteller
isn't obligated to let you play any thing you want.
Don't hesitate to ask to play something unusual
(especially if you have a good history of playing
more quotidian vampires responsibly), but don't
expect her to let you and, most importantly, don't
whine if she says no.

That said, there are some ways to approach
playing a bloodline character that might help your
Storyteller deal with running a chronicle with a
non-traditional character.

Tactics

Below is some advice for how to go about
playing a bloodline character. The following guide-
lines are applicable no matter what kind of
character you're playing, but they're especially
apropos for avoiding the pitfalls that come with
playing a character from an exotic lineage.

Are You Experienced?

Under very few circumstances should your first
character be from one of the odd bloodlines. Walk
before you run, pal. Your first character should be
about figuring out vampiric unlife. Your second
character should be about playing a vampire con-
vincingly and well. Then, a few characters later, if
you've developed the ability to play well with
others (while in character), you might want to
look into the slightly more complex roleplaying
challenge of playing a character from a bloodline
that may or may not have enough individuals to
form a decent baseball team, who may be hunted
by other vampires and who may be the only one of
his kind on the continent in which the chronicle
is set.

A GentLt REMINDER

If you've approached your Storyteller with
a character concept for a vampire from one of
the bloodlines and she's said replied with a
firm no, don't despair. Keep one thing in mind
above all else: It's the roleplaying that makes
or breaks a character, not the clan, bloodline,
Discipline or Traits. Lame roleplayers think
that playing a vampire from an exotic blood-
line makes them better roleplayers. That's not
how it works. What really happens is that bad
roleplaying turns even exotic, interesting vam-
pires with great potential into tedious
characters that other players try their
damnedest to ignore. Likewise, a good
roleplayer can breathe new life into any clan
by fully fleshing out the character and effec-
tively getting inside the character's head.

A well roleplayed 13th-generation
Ventrue is — and always will be — a more
interesting character than a poorly roleplayed
7th-generation Gargoyle with six dots in sev-
eral Disciplines.

No Twinkin'

One of the primary reasons that so many Sto-
rytellers are loath to allow characters from the
exotic bloodlines is that the odd bloodline Disci-
plines — Thanatosis, Temporis, Daimoinon,
Sanguinus, Melpominee, Mytherceria, Visceratika
and a few odd Necromancy Paths — have a repu-
tation for being twink-bait. A lot of this reputation
is leftover from the early days of Vampire when a
few nascent ideas suggested that it made perfect
sense for vampires to be able to, among other
things, commune with nature spirits, travel through
time and enter the Umbra. Vampire eventually
resolved most of these dubious Disciplines, but
Storytellers remain who still dislike the bloodline
Disciplines simply on principle alone. Your mis-
sion, should you choose to accept it, is to prove to
your Storyteller that your desire to play a charac-
ter from an odd bloodline is not, in any way,
rooted in the primitive urge to twink out the
character. That's not to say that you can't use your
character's "special" Discipline, or even that you
shouldn't make clever and highly efficient use of it
(that is part of the fun, after all), just don't try to
get away with twinkish excesses. You'll know if
you're doing it, and if you're ever in doubt, look
around the table at the eyes of your fellow players.

\Vawoe PLavers Guine

210

Sneers of disgust indicate that your
promised your roleplaying with twinkery and you
will want to fix the problem posthaste, before the
Storyteller or your fellow players take care of the
problem themselves.

Be 3D

Your character's entire raison d'etre Should not
be "I'm Baali." That's a flimsy character concept,
and it will grow stale within one or two gaming
sessions. If you refer to your bloodline morethan
twice a gaming session, or if you never Use any but
your "special" Discipline, you may be guilty of
creating such a flimsy character. The character
may be Baali (or Nagaraja orwhat have you), but
he's more than that. Decide atcharacter creation
how you're going to play to type (that is, behave in
accordance with what is'expected of a given blood-
line) and how you're going to play against type
(that is, how yourparticular charactet doesnot fit
stereotypes associated with his bloodline). Okay
so you're Baali; are you aitedious, cardboard cut-
out, run.of the mill, "Bwah-ha-ha!" Baali? Or are
you an individual who happens to have been Em-
braced by a vampite from the Baali bloodline?
Give some thought here to the "usual sensible
character creation questions: Why were you Em-
braced? How do your mortal'past and vampiric
present synch up? If you're playing a Baali, were
you chosen by your sire because you wére a Satanist,
or because she wanted to see what would happen if
she Embraced a fundamentalist? What makes you
different from the standard "eeeéeevil" Baali? Af
ter all, if you just want to play an evil character,
you can much more easily play, a. Tremere
infernalist. Are'you a Baali with a heart of gold? A
Baali who likes tempting only vampires? Who is
torn between the taint of his blood and his Hu-
manity? You can play a vampire from any bloodline
against type, but make sure you have a three-
dimensional character concept from the beginning
(your Storyteller should make sure you do) and
proceed from there. Characters almost always gain
depth during play, so even if-the character isn't
quite as fleshed out as he could be, if you work
toward making him more convincing and complex
the character could wind up being realistic and
cool even if he didn't start out that way.

Everybody wants to play something special.
Some players want to play an exotic bloodline to
make up for their lack of storytelling or roleplaying
talent, which, in all probability, is one of the
reasons the bloodlines got a bad rep in the first

place. Storytellers are, therefore, wise to allow or
disallow a player to take.a bloodline character
based on his past roleplaying history. Players for
their part, should remember that by personalizing
their characters, by ignoring or downplaying clan
stereotypes and by fleshing out a character, good
roleplayers can make any clan interesting, just as
a crappy roleplayer can make even a cannibalistic
Nagaraja sorcerer seem dull (at best), stupid, or, at
worst, disruptive to the story.

If you want to play a character from an unusual
bloodline, be prepared to tell your Storyteller
why, and be persuasive. If you just announce to
your Storyteller that you want to play a Baali, for
example and don't tell her why, nine times out of
10 she's going to say no (as well she should given
the potentially catastrophic results of letting bad
or twinkish roleplayers play a Baali). If you put
some thought into what you want to do and how
you hope to enhance the gaming experience and
then present your great idea, complete with well
conceived and articulate arguments for why it
would be a good thing, you're much more likely to
get the chance to play that character. To that end,
think about what you want to do and what your
Storyteller (from what you know of her) might
find interesting or beneficial to the game. What
kind of roleplaying experience are you hoping to
get that you can't get from playing a more ortho-
dox character? Have you played the standard clans
somuch that you needa break? Do you want to mix
up the Disciplines available to you? If you just
think it would be a cool change of pace, that's a
perfectly acceptable answer (this is a game, after
all; there's no need to be doctrinaire), so long as
your Storyteller is fine with it, you're golden. You
may, however, need to explain to your Storyteller
how your foray into coolness is going to benefit the
chronicle as awhole and not detract from the
experience of your fellow'players.

Just Don't

There are many, many, bad ways to play any
character, but there seem to be more opportunities
for bad roleplaying with vampires from the as-
sorted bloodlines. Following are some ideas for
things to avoid if you should get a chance to play
one of these exotic vampires.

Ahrimanes

If you're absolutely, positively certain that you
want to play one of these extremely rare female
native American animistic vampires, and you can
do so without damaging the mood and tone of the

Semon Tiree: Essays

21


,,
game you're in, and the Storyteller has smoked Gargoyles
enough crack to let you, please feel free. Other- If you have a serious masochistic streak, this is
wise, wouldn't you rather just playa Gangrel (ora probably the bloodline for you. Here are a few
werewolf)? Note that the Ahrimanes didn't make things to think about before playing a Gargoyle:
the transition from the second to the revised edi- You are a huge, craggy blood-sucking statue, and
tion — if you don't know what they are, don't' you will need to use Disciplines almost all the time
sweat it anyway. in order to interact with others with any degree of
Baali subtlety whatsoever. Furthermore, most Tremere
Do not play a Baali assuming that you will be | vampires, if not all, will take it.as their natural
able to hide it from the rest of your troupe. You __ right to throw attitude in your direction and pos-
will not. Your entire party will know what blood-. _ sibly order you around. While Gargoyles are often
line you're from within three gaming sessions (at. played as imbeciles, bear in mind that playing'a 90
the most) and the other players will be forced to . [Q character gets tedious after the first hour, and
either kill you or strain game credibility to ratio- — the rest of your troupe will get pissed off at-you if
nalize why they let you hang out with them: you ruin the mood of the game by playing your
Furthermore, if you insist on playing a Baali, make — character's low intelligence for laughs,
sure you come up with a new strategy for playing Kiasyd
them, because the standard "I'am an infernalist! These guys are, arguably, responsible for the
Bwah-hah-hah!" approach to the Baali gets stale _ whole "only. twinks play, bloodlines" attitude of a
very quickly. Play a Baali characteriif and only if Jor of gamers. When they first appeared, their
you can come up with a creative new angle to work Disciplines were Necromancy, Obtenebration and
the character in. Mytherceria, and they were the weirdest thing on
Blood Brothers the block. They've been toned down since then,
If you're the only one in your troupe who wants but they're still. very. odd and most Storytellers
to play a Bloéd Brother, think long and hard about' _ have trouble fitting them into a chronicle. The big
it. In fact, the best time to consider playing'a drawback to the Kiasyd'is that there's really noth-
Blood Brother is if there are three or fourof you ing very vampitic about them. They might be
and you're going up against three or four vampires .. interesting antagonists fora Changeling game, but
from other clans, in which case you get to.takey they do nor fit into most coteries well (if at all).
advantage of Sanguinus, the bloodline's exces- Any player who insists on playing a Kiasyd is
sively odd (and entirely un-vampire-like) usually infor an exceptionally irritating storytelling
Discipline. experience — as are his fellow players, in all
Daughters of Cacophony probability.
Many Daughters of Cacophony are played ex- Nagaraja
actly like Toreador, suggesting-that thé player Among the rarest/of the bloodline vampires,
could have played a Toreador just as ‘easily. If you . ~ the Nagaraja are also among the/hardest to justify.
want to play a Daughter of Cacophony, figure our», Vampire's metaplot has them in Korea working
what the similarities are betweensthe Daughte with the Kuei-jin, and even the Yin-aspected vam-
and the Toreador, then do the same forthe Daugh- | pires of the Middle Kingdom find them odd. If, for
ters and the Malkavians (the other clan they're some hard to believe reason, your coterie is made
compared to). If you come up witha characterthat up primarily of Giovanni and Tremere vampires,
really couldn't come from one of those two.clans, then it might work, otherwisé you're probably
and is still an intriguing character, then youmight setting yourself up for rejection by the group anda
want to try playing a Daughter of Cacophony. very truncated storytelling experience.
And remember, all the males have been killed Salubri
off, so don't even think about creating a "Son of While they might be workable in a Sabbat
Discord." (Where did that name come from, any-. game, the big target on the forehead of the Salubri
way?) If you're a guy and want to play a Daughter __ makes their unlife expectancy surprisingly short
of Cacophony, have the grace to,play a female in most other contexts. The whole vampire-cum-
character. You might learn something. healing-martyr thing is a bit of a stretch and takes
some good roleplaying to pull off convincingly.
\Vaworre PLayers Guide

212

'
|


Samedi

Fun to play and interesting, Samedi can be
great characters, but if you insist on trying to keep
up that vaguely Haitian accent for the entire
chronicle, your fellow gamers are going to start
laughing every time you speak. Unless, of course,
you're from Haiti.

True Brujah

If you can keep your secret, you're welcome to
try playing one of these guys, but bear in mind that
it's not easy, and Temporis isn't the uber-twink
Discipline that it once was.

Bloodline Stories and Chronicles

Hey, Storytellers: If a lot of players in your
troupe are intrigued by the idea of playing charac-
ters from exotic bloodlines, you might want to

consider telling a story in which all the characters
are from bloodlines.

Hey, players: Your Storyteller will decide how
such a chronicle might work; she might decide to
make it a one-shot story, or a mini-chronicle just

to see how the players handle the challenges of
roleplaying bloodlines. The explanation for why
vampires from the bloodlines are so common are
up to her, you or a mutual agreement. Maybe the
vampires from the main clans have somehow been
wiped out. Maybe your coterie is from a group of
vampires wanting to form a new sect of bloodline

ampires. Maybe it's a different World of Darkness
altogether and it's the vampire clans that occupy
the fringes while the bloodlines have somehow
come to prominence. There are obviously a num-
ber of ways of working this kind of game, and if the
troupe has fun during the mini-plotline, the Sto-
ryteller may opt to make it an ongoing chronicle.

Secon Tiree: Essays

213

= SS ee

Abilities

Advantages

Allies

Anarchs

Archetype
1950

Attributes
20, 38

B
Backgrounds
Bitter Blood (Merit)
Blood Bond

Cc
Camarilla
68, 116
Clan
Concept
31
Conscience
Contacts
Conviction
Courage
Criminal Record (Flaw)

D
Deluded (Flaw)

Demeanor
19
Disowned (Flaw)

lg

Experience

F
20, 39 Fame
20
20,40°, G
74 Gehenna
75
Gullible (Flaw)
H
Herd
House Goratrix
20, 40 Humanity
27 22,50
75
I
Infernalists
Influence
20, 43
31, 71 Insomniac (Flaw)
18, Zo Instinct
21.48 |e
20,40 Lexicon
48 Lone Wolf
22,49. .°, 32
28 Low Pain Tolerance (Flaw)
M
28 Mentor
Merits and Flaws
Mortal Characters
123
N
Nature
91 Night Vision (Merit)
Varire Payers Guine

214

20,41

28

42
74

20, 43
21, 50
15

19, 49
27

'

R

PAN

21,
S

Prelude
Principles, Setting

Resources
44
Retainers

44

Sabbat
Self-Control

68, 106
22, 49

Specialized Vocabulary
Status

LO!
Unlucky Supernatural (Flaw) 28

Vv

Vampiric Recognition (Merit)
Vigorous (Merit)

Virtues

WwW
Willpower
24, 50

Semin Tiree: Essays

215

—— Fo

InpDexBY Topic

Mortal Characters

Character Concept and Personal Storyline
Getting the Most From Traits
The Lone Wolf

Filing Off the Serial Numbers
Beyond the Clans and Sects
What is Troupe-Style Play?
Legacy of Damnation

The Phenomenon of

Packs and Coteries

Power Vacuum: When No
Sect Structure Exists

Packs and Coteries

Outside the Norm

INDEX OF Essays

A Little Discipline Goes a

Long Way by Christopher Kobar
"But I Vas Chust Followink Mein
Character Concept!": The Gamer
Nuremburg Defense and Vampire:
The Masquerade by Greg Stolze
Dead Again: How to Make a
Character's Death as Satisfying as
His Unlife by Christopher Kobar
The Call of the Blood

by Aaron Rosenberg

Rebels with a Cause

by Christopher Kobar

y,

Love, Sex and Romance in Vampire

by Ann Sullivan Braidwood 160
15 Enmity Between Characters: Storytelling
28 Opportunity or Story Killer?
38 by Rhiannon Louve 164
52 Flash and Dazzle by AaronRosenberg 168
59 Horror is Perspective
66 by Matthew McFarland 171
79 Talk the Talk: How to Get
92 Involved in Political Chronicles

by Patrick O'Duffy 174

105. You Are Who You Eat:

Why Interesting Feeding

122 Habits Aren't Just for the Ventrue
by Adam Tinworth 178

137 Behind the Mask of Normalcy
by Dean Shomshak 182
On and Off Camera
by Conrad Hubbard 186
How You Can Keep Online

146 Vampire Games From Sucking
So Much by Jim Kiley 189
Severing Ties by Aaron Rosenberg 191
The True Nature of Monstrousness:

148 Or, Some Ideas on Playing
Low-Humanity Characters Without
Making Your Storyteller Want to

151 Kill You by Myranda Sarro 194
But It Worked So Well

154 On Television... by Ari Marmell 197
Make It Easy On Us

157. by Matthew McFarland 201
A Long Look Back by Carl Bowen 204
Bloodlines by Kraig Blackwelder 208

Vawene Players Gupe

216


=—"
=
i
———]

PLAYER'S GUIDE [
Name: Nature: CHRONICLE:
Paver: DEMEANOR: Concept:

—_—_—— ATTRIBUTES ee

PHysIcaL Social MENTAL
Strength @0000 Charisma @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity @0000 = Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence
Stamina @0000_ = Appearance @0000_s Wits.

| Qpsenancemeencemeenemeeweecres Vif] (| US) pisses earns nmenmenensereceercecegfh

TALENTS SHILLS HKNow ences
Alertness 00000 Animal Ken 00000 Academics. 00000
Athletics. 00000 Crafts. 00000 = Computer. 00000
Brawl. 00000 _ Drive 00000 Finance. 00000
Dodge 00000 _ Etiquette 00000 Investigation. 00000
Empathy. 00000 _ Firearms. 00000 Law. 00000
Expression. 00000 Melee 00000 Linguistics 00000
Intimidation. 00000 Performance 00000 Medicine 00000
Leadership. 00000 _ Security. 00000 Occult 00000
Streetwise 00000 - Stealth 00000 Politics 00000
Subterfuge. 00000 _ Survival 00000 _ Science 00000

ADVANTAGES re

BACKGROUNDS DIscIpLines VIRTUES
OO000O0 O0000
00000 00000. Conscience_____ _ @0000
OO0O00O 00000
00000 00000 _ Self-Control @0000
OO000O0 O0000
00000 OO000O
00000 00000 Courage.
> <2
— Mertts/FLaws HuManity HEALTH!
Bruised oO
O0O00000000 Hurt 10
Injured za
‘WILLPOWER Wounded 2 G
0000000000 Mauled 20
ONDoooooooogo Crippled = -5 O
Incapacitated [Ea]
BLoop Poor—— ———_ WEAHNESS

OOO000o000go


|: —_—_e

i AYER'S G AH PTR E

k

00000 00000 00000
O0000 00000 00000
O0000 00000 OO0000
00000 00000 OO000
O0000 00000 00000
00000 00000 OO0000
OO0000 00000 OO0000

ns RITUAL S ree

Lever

Name

eee ExXpeRIENC | sesame
TOTAL:

TOTAL Spent:
spent on:

—ee——= DERANGEMENTS

es BL 00D BONDS erence

Bounp To

RatInNG

Bounp to

RATING

| teense (yf aaashaiainnnaiiemmeeammmmmmmmaenmmmtammemmamnen oat

Weapon

Damace

RANGE

Rate

Cup

CONCEAL

ARMOR


A AYER'S G AH PTRE

nn EXPANDED BACKGROUND

ALLIES MeNTOR

Contacts Resources

RETAINERS

Herp Sratus

INFLUENCE OTHER

a Possessions i eeaeeiaimesdeaeiemiemmeeetmmmamaen ae

Gear (Carriep) Eouipment (Owner)

FeepinG GROUNDS VEHICLES

Se en OWA I

LocaTION DEeSCRIPTION


Fe
AM PIE

PLAYER'S GUIDE

0 reece ester eane History ere eet

PReL_upe

A PEARANCE ee

Act
Apparent Act
Date or Birt
Ha

Eves
Race.

NATIONALITY.

HeiGut
WEIGHT
Sex.

re VISUALS Sree meee

Cotertie CHART CHARACTER SHETCH


N

re

Tue APOCALYPSE, POWASTENSIO

me Sr


» 9). "GEHENNA, = © <THE APOCALYPSE ASCENSION"
Wee After 12 years of anticipation'and development} White Wolf does the unthinkable and brings the World of Darkness

wim to an end, Theyvampires' Getfenna; the werewolves' Apocalypse, the mages' Ascension—all Merge into a-great event
a te that notronlyyshakes the,world, but destroysiit. This is the Time of Judgment and you're invited."
» se Oe gh. edie" ne ae
». ope % er "
> piighng tO, * Tye Leap-Up: Tue Exp Times, A ¥
gp * : ® Every major'evolition thé World of Darktfess Has ted tp this, but' few key products presage the evehts/of the end,
ee a theHiddeee', cd TheRed Sign' 2.) ne) we Diyof Fire

*
og 2003p why 2430, Asa | $5546 247% $2495)

-.

(Nov 2003; Ww2isiisBM. 58846-2455, $19.9: (D& 2003: W838}; ISBN 1588467627, $19.95)

of ox Vastine! THe Masabeibe xp * °°: FonDeston: Tet, Faun
* Mact;-Te Ascenston

9 @ "4 The World lurches toward its end and Lucifer is fevealed!

= ae picirie eg
: _ APOGALYPSE-Y OURS ~. =
dieeTimerof Judgment "itself unfolds in four-hardcover game-books and one Mifid's Eye Theatre }
books each of which allows you torbring your characters face to face with Armageddon.

These stories are epic and these books give.you-the tools to make them your own. es

Gehenna World of Darkness: Time of Judgment The Ascension ;
(Jin 2004; WW2999; ISBN 1.58846-246-3; $29.99) (Mar 2004; WW5399; ISBN 1.58846-475.X; $29.99) (Mar 2004; WW4999, ISBN 1-58846417.2; $29.99) s
: SaSSAFOR Vampine: THe MAsQueRADE For Demon: THE FALLEN; For MACE: THE ASCENSION ""# eo"
BP TeAateM iians ris, hungry for ihe blodd of thei get! Hunter: THe Reckonino; All souls unite, but at what cost? a
: ig Moumy: THe Resurrection; te SI 4 |
7 Re PPT he Apocalypse : ‘Nilcian tena Bart The Laws of Judgineit™ 453%
POR es 2004, WW3999, ISBN | 58846-323.0; $29.99) wz SAND-CHANGELING: THE: DRE AGING ¢ Tar 2004, 10315099; ISBN 158846521.7; $29.99), :
. ay |S "Fon Werewour: THE APOCALYPSE * "Each of the defilzens of the World. shDuthness + Fon Mino' Sve THeatae 4 ? ~
es » .. The final battle against the Wyatt faces Jud, sua Brig <pictaks;ol Atiageddon t your LivéAcsion gam /
> ‘2 4 Ce a Se Pike '
. e *2 | > 5 ee Yin
° "> " .
» od | ar, <THE Time oF Jupcment, Triocy ey: re
. See ahébnd unoid inthe Tine of figment fiction tla jg Each book stahdson its own, but the three together fell an epic'stoty Of mien and miOnsters {ating theit end
i 3 on trlogy, i he three together fll an epic story f B
Gehenna, Thé Final Night Werewolf: The LaspBattle vz Mage: Judgment Day
fe) WW! 19Ho 1SBN ['58546-855.0. $799) (Feb 2004; WPIT9IT; ISBN 158546836-9,$7.99) (Mar2004; Ww] 1912 4SBN 1.58846857-7/87.99)
FORVAwrint: THE Masddtedt; sy dm Masti," For Weityour: Tue APbCAlYesE: iy Bul Buocts © For MACE: THE ASCENSION BY BRUCE BALcH
The Yamipire Beckett A650 make SENS ofall he King Albrectl and his pith faceoff against the The Rogve Council has tun out of time and three
gp shas kriowiy th cnc nipping at Bs Recs. Oo Wiyt'sgretest weapbe.. ~ _ *mages may be their only hope
4 A > oe
- timeofjudgment#com ]
> i pil A 3 WORTD of,
. . DARKNESS
Tone 4 "

02003 Wher: Weisman Tig Mesorece, Mact Tw Ascent Wom oF Daw sa wera ruins of Wert Wear Pease. Ta or aca Warr cc Arica a omen fs wnat otcurs oF Weer Pema, Ak cs este.

-




eas wnoieale
b ma eo
rae x ns} ha aD

Rit Shiny sa tO ; ‘
Na@in.tsee vee a SG 5 ay Wa Tipit i Be
SM Coll CCE GIRO PES: svelte tte 1 HAO PLIGhishl" Wes
Chronicle mtheege ote auth inte cls Steplatyathe 5 "
Vampire Players GS wiley a-i-calit hwo
inte tina t ia BON play.exssaind St torytelcrs OW ax

COV CTSational he cl PreSeiated ascii astleae TORS
Vampire: ple Hic tai Dodie ters Moy: URLCW Ole aan oh
options. anal aayihe, te better eM hance thos Age
Storytelling Aepericnee, ome .

Tbe RES DIGUerS oN
Guide Bo icde Se

° A wealth*oadvicte torte veloping arclaracter
from dots oma page intg aantaiingtul personality

e Essays and "face toface advice fromthe awritersiaes
and creators of the*same
¢ Options for expandifig character brigins,

‘". ° stteanilining'stories, troupe' play-and more

=

WWW. Whitee-Wol fc om

AUT

cnetfact Sod . NTHETASQUERADE
