# File: Player's Guide to Low Clans.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

P
YE
S

Be
!




By Fach Bush, Michael Butler, Michael A. Goodwin,
Jacob Kinder, Ari Marmell, Sarah Boark,

and Janet Crautvetter
Vampire created by Mark Rein-Hagen


Credits Acknowledgments

Authors: Zach Bush (Assamite Sorcery, Lowest of The authors and developer would like to ac-
the Damned (Assamites, Followers of Set, Ravnos, Tac- knowledge the fine work of the authors of the Libellus
tics)), Michael Butler (Brothers of a Different Blood), Sanguinis' series: Clayton Oliver (Assamiten)
Michael A. Goodwin (Discipline Techniques, \frtscl B, [. eth Sen) Tacon tance
Thaumaturgy, Merits and Flaws), Jacob Klinder (Ad- Michael B. Lee (Followers of Set), Jason Langlois

vanced Disciplines), Ari Marmell (Lowestofthe Damned _ (Gangrel), Joshua Mosqueira Asheim (Malkavians),
(Domains, Traditions and Perversions), Playingthe Low Lucien Soulban (Nosferatu), Deird're M. Brooks
Clans), ah Roark (Prelude, Lowest of the Damned (Ravnos), and Jackie Cassada (Tremere). Your work
(Gangrel, Malkavian, Nosferatu, Tremere, Traditions was invaluable to ours.

and Perversions)), and Janet Trautvetter (Those Who

Hunt the Night). Vampire and the World of Darkness

created by Mark Rein®HagenStoryteller game system

designed by Mark Rein® Hagen.

Development and Additional Material: Matthew
McFarland

Editor: Ellen P. Kiley

Art Direction, Layout & Typesetting: Becky
Jollensten

Interior Art: Colin Adams, Mike Chaney, David
Day, Jim Di Bartolo, Steve Eidson, Brian LeBlanc, James
Stowe

Front Cover Art: Adrian Smith

Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-

554 LITTON DR served. Reproduction without the written permission of the

publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of

i STONE MOUNTAIN Gh reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be

reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire,

30083 Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage
the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness

USA and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf

PUBLISHING Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apoca-

lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Dark Ages
Storytellers Companion, Dark Ages Vampire, Dark Ages Mage, Dark Ages Europe, Right of Princes, Spoils
of War, Bitter Crusade, Under the Black Cross, Cainite Heresy, Constantinople by Night, Jerusalem by
Night, Libellus Sanguinis I Masters of the State, Libellus Sanguinis II Keepers of the Word, Libellus
Sanguinis III Wolves at the Door, Libellus guinis IV Thieves in the Night, The Ashen Knight, The
Ashen Thief, Road of the Beast, Road of Kings, Road of Heaven, Road of Sin, Iberia by Night, Tre ansylvania
by Night, House of Tremere, Wolves of th Fountains of Br: /eil of
Night and Players Guide to Low Clans are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All tights reserved.
All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages isnot challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

Pre
Inti

Cha


olf

lus
the
nia

lof

‘ed.

ark

ural
ent.

CABLE OF CONTENTS

Prelude: One Good Turn 5
Introduction 11
Chapter One: Lowest of the Damned 15
Chapter Two: Playing the Low Clans 89
Chapter Three: Brothers of a Different Blood 121
Chapter Four: Blesings of Unclean Blood 141

Chapter Five: Those Who Hunt the Night

aS = eS
ee ee aa 5

caw'. —Ss : -TABLEOB CONTENT. wry, wae, rc Foe)



ONE GOOD
CdRN

Perfer et obdura; dolor hic tibi proderit olim.

(Be patient and tough; one day this pain will be useful to you.)

— Ovid

Jervais is nervous. I can tell. He shows it in his own subtle way.

"Fidus! This is not the clean bliaut!"

When I run into the room his face is already red as a beet. He's the only Cainite I've
seen who flushes. It makes him look alive. It also leaves him hungry later. I'd better check
with the larderer and be sure he gets hold of another; one of those two wretches down
there won't survive the night.

"Magister, it is, 1 got it back from the washerwoman not an hour ago

He grabs hold of the front of my robe and nearly tears it. "Look! Just look, you
imbecile! Perhaps this is how you like to go about, Fidus — that is why no one ever looks
twice at you — but why should | suffer for your sloth?"

I glance down at the offending fabric. "Chalk marks. They'll wipe off." I know even
as | open my mouth it's a mistake, but I can't help it. "Did you lay it down on the table
by chance? It probably still has traces of chalk from your spell last night."

Hiseyes bulge. With a great cuff on the ear he sends me stumbling halfway across
the room. "Get a brush then. The Baron will be arriving any momengnow! Is it more

ee tS

+ PRELUDE -


important to succeed in our business, or to blather
on excusing your failure in one chore by your
failure in another?"

I'm sure I could have made the table spotless if
he'd given me more than the space of an Ave Maria to
do it in, but I say nothing. I go to fetch a brush.

Stefan and I. Seven
hard years we both labored, and then we had to cast a
spell to test our worthiness for initiation. It's a point-
less little spell Jervais invented himself. If peformed
absolutely correctly, a line of blood wriggles in the
sand to form the words "One House, One Clan, One
Blood" in Latin. But the tiniest error chokes the poor
sod on a flood of blood boiling up from the heart into

There were two of us once,

the gullet. I gained the Embrace. Stefan was buried the
following sundown, except for his heart and his left
hand, which are still pickled in jars for the next time
we need the ingredients. Jervais will waste gold, ink,
words, lives and time, but never ingredients. I still
have conversations with Stefan's heart on occasion,
but I hope Jervais finds another apprentice soon. A
mortal, that I could order about and blame for thing:
It seems a very comfortable arrangement.

"Ts this our master spy?" the Baron chuckles when
he sees me. Jervais shifts uneasily, but the Baron
reaches out and tousles my hair. "Good choice, Master
Tremere

He looks like he hasn't a drop of harm in
him. Have you, lad?"

I can't think of anything to say. The Baron is
nearly as big as the master, and he walks as though he
had been born with a sword belted onto him.

"He's done well this month." Jervais hastens to
answer for me. "Not only has he nearly talked our
goose onto the spit, but he learned a good deal of
interesting gossip in the process. Well, go on, Fidus."

"I... have word of her ladyship's doings in Co-
logne," I stuttered. "And I know that she will be back
soon, within the fortnight...

"You're late," says Raban. The others in the city
call him Furz, even the other Nosferatu, when they
speak of him at all. I may be the only one who knows
his right name.

"T had trouble getting away."

He gives me what I have determined is his sympa-
thetic look, and takes out the chessboard. "What was
it this time, digging in the mulch for glow-worms,
cleaning up a blood-spill — or did the Volcano simply
erupt on you again?"

"The Volcano lies dormant for now," I said.
"And all apprentices must work hard, it's the way of
the clan."

He snorts.

"What about you? Has the Medusa slithered back
into her crypt?"

"She's back," he confirms tersely.

"And?"

He keeps laying out the pieces.

"Well, she's turned you to stone already I see." 1
wait. One thing I've learned since | started this —
assignment is that he really wants to talk to me. Once
upona time, I suppose, he at least had the other Lepers
to gossip with. Now there's no one he can tell any-
thing. I know how that fee

"Have you finished your lesson?" | ask at last.
"T haven't had time."

"Raban..."

"All right, but it isn't very good."

"Let teacher be the judge of that."

He hands me the sheet of parchment. | go over it.
He rubs an oozing sore on his cheek.

"Well?"

I have to find something to criticize or he won't
take any of it seriously. "I'm still seeing too much
pressure at the start of your vertical strokes, they're a
bit blocky. And you should have trimmed your pen six
letters earlier on this line. But the ascenders and
descenders look good. Beautiful, in fact."

"Beautiful?" Irony singes the word.

"Yes, Beautiful," I repeat.

"We'll see if I can say the same about your game,"
he remarks. Of course his lady has never taught him
the noble art of chess, but he's sat through at least a
match a week for the last thirty years. She makes him
hide ina special nook, watch everyone's faces and lips
and report back to her later, so that she can spend the
night pretending to be above politics. Jervais likes the
idea of my learning Lasombra chess tricks, so that I can
teach him and he can challenge them to games.
Evidently they have this tradition of playing for high
stakes: servants, childer, treasure, portions of their

domains, their eternal souls, and so forth — which I
must admit sounds just like Jervais' kind of sport.

"Maybe if you took white this time," I answer.

ou know I play better on the defensive.
"I know. But sometimes the only defense is an
offense."
This remark hangs in the air with more resonance
than usual. I nod and ponder my opening.

AYERS. GUIDE TO -

O*'

stral
lean
feelj
islar
skin

real

me.
tion;
that
Was |
teetl
mad)
partl
—p
awh)
sayin
"Thi:
I sup)
tos

all ye
You ¢
have
draug
prose
woul;

")
have)
the w
Trem

punis]
they |
comes
my mj)

R
show}
rises a

"Tl
There


wer.

san

ince

"She had me take my second."
"What?" I glance up, still trying to think of some
strategy other than the obvious. His misshapen face
lee
feeling in it, but now it's like second nature. His eyes,
islands of humanity in a sea of boils and dead flaking
skin, bore into mine, hot and desperate.

ns close. It took me months to learn to read any

"Your second..." It takes me a moment to
"Drink?"

"It seems my mistress detects a new sullenness in

tealiz

me. It does not please her that I find my own occupa-
tionsnow and again. I have been neglected shamefully,
that is how she put it. I protested, of course. I said she
was my moon and my queen. I begged." He grinds his
teeth. "She let me beg and beg like a dog, and then she
made me do it anyhow."

"T hope," I stammer. "I m
partly to blame, then I'm so very sorry, Raban. Perhaps
— perhaps it's better we should avoid each other for

n, if our meetings are

awhile." Jervais will understand. He must. He's always
saying we immortals should take the long view.

"It's not you," Raban says morosely, and sits back
"This ismy own doing. It's beena long time in coming.
[suppose after tomorrow night, I might not even wish
to see you."

"Tomorrow night?"

"It's to be finished tomorrow."

jo." [ stand. "No, Raban, this is madness. After
all you've done for her! How can she even think it?
You can't let her. You must..."

"Must what?" he echoes angrily. "What would you
have me do? I'm her familiare, and I've taken two
draughts now. If went to another master she'd simply
prosecute it as theft under Tradition and his Highness
would be obliged to return me."

"But what about the warren? They can hide you."

"You don't understand, Fidus. The warren won't
have me back no matter what she does to me. None of
the warrens within a thousand miles will. You're a
Tremere. Tremere don't exile their clanfellows."

"That's true." No, Tremere don't use exile as
punishment. If they don't want someone anymore,
they kill him. I sit down heavily, but then an idea
comes to me. Perhaps I can serve both my friend and
my mission. Jervais once spoke of a spell...

Raban watches me, frowning. I can't let hope
show on my face or he'll be suspicious, but my heart
tises as | turn back to him.

"Don't try to think of something clever, Fidus.
Thete is nothing."

"But in fact there might be. You forget, I'm ap-
prenticed to a wizard."

"I doubt the Volcano will help me for your sake."

"No, not for my sake. But for his own, in exchange
for some favor later...he knows we need every friend
in this city that we can get."

Raban shakes his head. "No, no. No favors to your
master, Fidus. After all I've heard from you I know
better than to trust him. | fear what he'd ask in return."

"We could settle that in advance. You could at
least meet him to discuss it! Won't you even give
me achance? You can get away for that long. | know
you can."

"Yes, but to cheat the very chains of Blood? I don't
dare think what his price would be."

"It's a coin," I explain eagerly. "It's very simple.
An enchanted coin. All you would need to do is put
it under your tongue, and the blood you drank wouldn't
affect you. She needn't ever know the difference."

No. I'msure it's a marvelous spell, Fidus. I'm sure
you would like to fix everything with a wave of your
magic wand

"It has nothing to do with magic. To hell with
the magic!" That stops him short. "Don't you see,
Raban? I've already lost the only companion I had
once before."

"Yes. Your Stefan." He stares at me.

"And there was no way I could stop it. But this
time, this time there is a way. Let me do this for you,
Raban. Wouldn't you feel the same if the tables
were turned?"

"A very clever idea," the Baron says later that
evening. "You're telling me that the blood passes into
this coin, infusing it, as the priests claim the Host is
infused with the substance of Christ's flesh."

"Yes." Jervais nods. "And when he returns the
coin to us, I can extract that blood again in its original
form, and then, my lord, she will be in our power at
last."

"Fine, fine. Only..." He glances sidewise at me.
"Your boy here says old Furz told him no, so I'm not
sure why you called me out here. I understand you lot
are theoreticians by nature, but what good does all this
speculation do me?"

Jervais smiles felinely, the tips of his evil little
teeth peeking out from the corners of his lips. "Not
speculation but prophecy. He'll come to us. He must."


I hear a scratching from behind the little chest
that holds the spare alchemist's apparatus. "Excuse
me, your lordship, Magister." | move the chest and a
great fat rat crawls out, sniffing warily at my hand.
Around its neck is a little lead tube, from which I
extract a scrap of parchment. Scrawled in careful
minuscules is the word midnight.

"It's begun," I tell them. "Ra — that is, Furz, he
wants to meet."

"Then we'd better ready the coin, and quickly."

"And I should let you get to work," the Baron says
amiably, retrieving his cloak. "Don't bother sending
me the good news, by the way. I daresay I'll hear
whether your little endeavor succeed

d soon enough."

"Any word?" I ask my master the following
evening, after I've risen, dressed, fed and done my

nightly chores.

"Why should there be word? She may not have
even summoned him yet. Ride out to the gallows now
and dig up a fresh mandrake, we'll need it for later."

Finding the mandrake takes half the night, of
course, and on the way in a terrible rainstorm begins
topour. I'm sopping to the skin when I finally getback,
but Jervais just sticks his head out of the laboratory
door, looks me up and down, and tells me to fetch the
cauldron and the shunt

Notanother potions experiment, now ofall times
I'm thinking about other things, and it isn't until I set
down the cauldron at the side of the worktable and
straighten up to insert the shunt that I see the ravaged
face staring back at me. He says nothing. I stumble
back a step, into Master Jervais' barrel chest. The
master puts a hand on my shoulder, as though to steady
me, but the grip is like a vulture's talon

"Easy, lad."

My lips won't move, not for a long moment, and
when they do nothing wants to come out.

"You
he returned the coin. You said it wouldn't be necessary
to kill him."

. you said he would be useful to us even after

"He will be useful to us," Jervais answers, "and
e're not going to kill him. Now take a preliminary
sample and prepare it."

He goes over to the shelves. I hear tools being
taken down. I know them all by the sound they
make when they clatter on the sidetable. His saw.
His bone forceps.

"Well?" Raban whispers to me. "He said to
take a sample. And you obey him no matter
what, don't you?"

"This is different." The words spill out numbly, as
though some other mind were directing them. I wish
that were so.

"Of course."

"My Oath..
that my body refuses to move as it would like to, that
I don't pick up this cauldron and dash it into my
master's skull while his back is turned.

" But it's not because of my clan Oath

"Pay this traitorous slave no mind, Fidus," Jervais
interrupts in his richest voice as he returns with his
tray of things. "His heart is poisoned against all his
betters, obviously; that's why we chose him. If the
noise bothers you, we'll just remove his tongue..."

Raban's eyes, dulled over with despair, sharpen
and brighten at that. "
he prods Jervais. "I daresay you know all about slavery,
traitorous or otherwise. Or do you pretend you want
my lady dead for your own reasons?"

And what about you, warloc

"Why would I pretend anything to my own labo-
ratory subject?" Jervais smirks. "C Either
putin the shunt or give it to me, don't stand there like
a lump."

me, Fidus.

"Is it the Baron's orders you're acting on? That's

my guess. So many Cainites visit you in the dead of
night, but he's the only one who actually supports you
to the prince. Not wise to deny him anything he might
want."

Jervais sets the empty flagon down with an itt
tated noise. I see him debate himself. Then he leans
over Raban's grinning face.

"It is because you don't understand the first thing
intestinal expulsion of @
vampire...that you are in this mess at all. The Baron
fits into our designs, not the reverse."

about the Tremere, you

"Is it the Baron who needs to worry if evidence
should turn up of sorcery against her ladyship? Is it the
Baron who's getting rid of accomplices? No, not yet
anyway. Of course if he should decide to do just thay
it won't be hard at all."

The flush is creeping up Jervais' neck. I shake my
head mutely at Raban: No, no, don't do this. It¥
suicide. Preserve yourself —

The cruel, Cainite part of my mind breaks in of
this. Preserve himself? What for? For Jervais' further
attentions? For the friend he trusted in vain?

"Hand me the cauterizing tongs, Fidus." The rich
voice is suddenly cold, dead.

delib
alrea
High
contr
then
they¢
one nm
in the
to hay
prey t
"E
«4
calmly
oy
down
you h;
eternil
ber th
over-p
How tl
of all. |
"Ty
Xe
said, ‘ai
time —
It
Raban',
thick h
grabs h
overtur
star of b
lands 0)

ou
the

ins

ing
fa

"Ah yes. Tear my tongue out." My God, I think
he's enjoying this now. I go to get the tongs from the
brazier where they sit at the ready, but I move slowly,
deliberately slowly. "I'm only saying what everyone
already knows. The Tremere fancy a place among the
High, and that's exactly what makes them so easy to
control. The carrot and the stick — when they mind,
then let them think they have a chance; and when
they don't, it's just as easy to burn the wizards out. No
one mourns, no one misses them. No one needed them
in the first place, and all the other scum are just glad
to have enough of the city's scrawniest, most diseased
prey to go round again."

"Fidus!"

"Coming, Magister. It's almost hot," I answer
almly. He hates it when he shouts and I'm calm.

"Now be honest, warlock, when you gobbled
down your elixir of immortality, was this really what
you had in mind? Scuttling and wheedling for all
Wasn't it supposed to be a step up? | remem-

ber the first night you came before the throne all
over-perfumed and spangled like a Lombard dandy.
How they all laughed after you left. The Baron loudest
of all. Do you know what he said?"

"T don't care a fig what he said —"

"Ceoris has sent a court conjuror to amuse us,' he
said, ‘and to think we've been so afraid of them all this
time

I turn at the sound of the gurgle that chokes off
Raban's words. The Volcano has erupted. Jervais'
thick hands choke Raban for a moment; then Jervais
grabs hold of the leg of the sturdy oak worktable,
overturnsand dashes it into the floor. A many-pointed
star of blood splashes out from underneath. The table
lands on its side with Raban still attached to it, his

»PREEWDE*

skull caved in above the left eyebrow and lolling.
Jervais kicks him — I hear ribs crunch — and then
leans in. I slide the brazier further out from reach. It
wouldn't do to have him knock it over in his passion.
Quietly and unhurriedly I move out of the field of his
sight. He tears Raban off the table, shakes him like a
straw man and digs his fangs into the leprous neck.

I wait until my master drops his prey, looks down
at it almost bewilderedly, then shoves it aside with a
foot. I wait while he flails about for some means of
cleaning his besmirched face, settling at last fora scrap
of scratch parchment on a shelf. I wait until he notices
me. I won't speak out of turn.

He glances at the tongs still in my hand. "Put
those away, idiot," he grates. "Can't you see they're
hardly needed anymore?"

"Yes, master." I setthem down. "Shall I get the jars
of Celorb's Ichor out of the root cellar, master? Will
you be wanting the heart and the teeth?"

He gives me an odd look then. "Yes, Fidus. The
heart, the teeth and the lying tongue I think." He toes
Raban's head with his boot; only a thin strip of skin
‘And hurry, before he

still connects it to the neck.

turns to ash."
"Yes, master." I scurry out and down the stairs. I

mustn't seem too eager, or Jervais will think I'm
plotting revenge. But I'm not...not for a while

any-
way. I only want to keep what Jervais will let me have
of Raban. I'll put his jar next to Stefan's, and when the
ruins of my dignity are smarting for the thousandth
time, I'll go to them and hear Raban gloat again over
how he bested the Volcano, and we'll laugh together,
the three of us.

It's a mean, paltry, squalid little joy, but it's
mine forever.



INCRODACTION

"Men ought either to be indulged or utterly destroyed, for if you merely

| 3 offend them they take vengeance, but iF you injure them they are unable

to retaliate, so that the injury done to a man ought to be such that

eared."

vengeance cannot be

— Niccolo Machiavelli

The Low Clans were not always thought so. In the nights of ancient Rome, Malkavians
stood by the sides of Lasombra and Ventrue rulers as venerated seers and advisors. Nosferatu #
were trusted more than reviled and Gangrel respected as well as feared. As for theBanu Hagim
and the other foreign clans, they were unknowns, never considered High or Low because A)
they were not considered at all.

Times change. The Low Clans fell in importance as the cities rose, and they threw in l
their lots with the common folk more often than the nobility. The High Clans took and kept \
a the seats of power, and little by little, the fallen came to believe that their lowly status really a} i

was pre-ordained. The first cursed were the true chosen of Caine en the Cappadocians, } .
' who wore their curse on their faces, kept a cold beauty. In an age where physical perfection | s
4 equated to inner beauty, the Low Clans dwelt in squalor and wilderness while the High i 7
reclined in comfort and civilization. |
But again, times change. (A
Rise of the Low
The Long Night is over, smashed to pieces and burned in the hell thaviwas the AD 1204 uy
sack of Constantinople. In the wake of that chaos — and more importantly, the death of {
| Michael's Dréam oftinity between humans and Cainites— the great Methuselahs of Europe rose


to action. Most of the major players in this game of blood
and souls belong the High Clans, of course, but somewhere
along the way the Low Clans rose to prominence.
Itdidn't happen overnight, of course, and although
the destruction of Constantinople is widely seen as the
end of the Long Night, the seeds of dissent were germi-
nating among the fallen long before the Fourth Crusade
left Venice. The Shadow Reconquista in Iberia brought
the differences between Christian and Muslim

nites
into sharp focus — and one of the chief such differences
is the societal role of the Nosferatu and Assamites. The
diablerie of Saulot and the rise of Tremere, centuries
before the Fourth Crusade, shook the vampiric societal
order to its foundations. Smaller events along the way
have helped members of the Low Clans rise above their
perceived station, as well: Etienne de Faubergé and
Joseph Zvi both claim domain over important cities
(Acre and Prague, respectively); Mithras appointed the
Malkavian Seren as one of his Barons of Avalon; the
Diet of Olives in the Holy Land crossed the boundaries
of clan and religion — the list goes on. In AD 1230, the
Low Clans are a formidable force in the War of Princes

Theme and Mooo

The Players Guide to Low Clans is, as the name
suggests, designed to give players of Low Clan characters

Lanps BEYOND

A stute readers may well note that the
QOL High Clan/Low Clan distinction is en
tirely artificial, as evidenced by the fact that it falls
apart entirely in Outremer, and even in Iberia
This is true — the High Clans spent centuries
cementing their own position as the holders of
power and simultaneously keeping the Low Clans
down, but the distinction only exists because so
many Cainites acknowledge it. But in parts of the
world where the clans in power are different, the
High/Low distinction does not apply (or at least,
the clans marked as "high" or "low" vary)

This book (and the forthcoming Players
Guide to High Clans) focuses on Europe, rather
than Outremer, and thus assumes that the social
structure presented in Dark Ages: Vampire is, if
not valid, then at least prevalent. Storytellers
running chronicles set in Outremer, Iberia or
other places where the social structure is different
should keep in mind that vampires of the "Low
Clans" in such places are not likely to labor under
the same difficulties presented in this book. Like-
wise, first cursed Cainites in such places may find
themselves bereft of their "High Clan" status.
Please refer to Veil of Night and Iberia by Night
for more information.

more options and information. While the themes and
moods described in Dark Ages: Vampire are applicable
for all vampire characters (obviously), a few stand out
where the Low Clans are concerned.

Theme

* Blood: This is, after all, a horror game. The Low
Clans aren't likely to have goblets of vitae brought to
them by slaves. They must venture out at night and
find their own sources of warm blood. The herds of the
Low Clans are lepers and criminals, not insensate
nobles and concubines. Without a herd, the fallen
Cainite might be forced to steal into peoples' homes
and feed from theirsleeping bodies (and it's difficultto
pretend one is anything but a monster after such an
act). Whatever the method, though, obtaining blood
is key to survival, and the Low Clans are much more
in tune with survival than the first cursed

© Hope:

much more immediate way than

he Low Clans fear for their souls ina
the High Clans,
because the first cursed can at least point to their
exalted stations and believe that the Almighty chose
them. Now that the Low Clans are rising slowly but
steadily across Europe, perhaps God has something in
mind for them?

The Low Clans also seek redemption from God,
not only because that redemption comes with better
sleeping quarters ora cleaner herd. The Nosferatu and
the Malkavians, especially, look at their blood-borne
weaknesses as judgments or crosses to bear, and of
course the Assamites and Followers of Set are very
often involved in their own religious crusades.

"Ambition," not too different from hope, might
easily become a theme of a Low-Clan oriented story. In
fact, hope could well become ambition if the reasons
behind it change even slightly. For instance, a character
who takes on the role of an ashen priest in hopes of
finding enlightenment or redemption might become
seduced by the prestige such a pose holds and wish
only to advance within her road. What makes such a
story uniquely Low-Clan is the added element of rebel-
lion; the Low

‘lans don't do such things

© Despair: Along with hope comes the possibility
for disappointment, the potential for everything the
Cainite has worked for to come crumbling down. Some
fallen vampires expect this sort of end, and no matter
how hard they work, they aren't surprised when their
plans come to naught. But perhaps more compelling are
characters who rail against their fates and manage to
salvage something, whatever is most important to them
— even if what they wind up saving is only peripherally
connected with their stated goals

© War: The War of Princes is a war of ancient
vampires, mostly of the High Clans, trying to nail
down domain and subvert their vassals and their

enemies' vassals. The Low Clans are by no means

£ PLM ERS, GUIDET "ow

OW

ab

rej
GQ
pa
or
cli

tio
an

grag

Ct

the
Jerv
ery |
nam

The
foun

|
the |
play
hool
the |
mak;
whic

{
in-de
opin,

{

prov

ut
in

ity
he
me
ter
eir
are

em

ally

ent
iail
\eir

absent from that war, but the first cursed don't always
realize how important a role the fallen play. Low Clan
Cainites might fight in the War of Princes for a
particular vampire's cause, to protect their own people
or domains, or to bring the chaos to an explosive
climax (and be in place to pick up the pieces). The
Low Clans, after all, are adept at surviving bad situa-
tions; how could the High Clans ever hope to eke out
an existence after a truly apocalyptic battle?

Mood

* Horror: The horror of Dark Ages: Vampire
comes in large part from what the characters are,
father than what they confront. The characters are
bloodsucking, undead corpses who struggle to under-
stand, undo or perfect the curse that God has placed
on them. That simple sentence takes on a very differ-
ent mood when applied to vampires dwelling among
lepers or peasantry than when applied to vampires
lurking in the halls of power. As a player, ask yourself:
What about your character is terrifying? His face? His
eyes? His voice? The blood on his lips? Never lose
track of the fact that each vampire character is a
monster...and of what that character plans to do
about it, if anything.

* Madness: The Malkavians, of course, best
embody this mood, but all Cainites have the potential
to lose their rational minds and succumb to the Beast
Within. When a Cainite loses her road, she can no
longer be sure of her motivations, her actions or her
soul. With no social structure to turn to for support or
aid (or even a merciful death), the fallen fear this
gradual death of the mind like little else

Chapter by Chapter

The Prelude offers a glimpse into the unlives of
the Low Clans from the perspective of the servant to
Jervais bani Tremere himself, and shows what treach-
ery the Low Clans are capable of performing in the
name of advancement and recognition.

Introduction: The section you're reading now.
Themes, moods, and sources of inspiration can be
found here.

Chapter One: Lowest of the Damned presents
the histories of each of the Low Clans, along with a
player's toolkit providing character creation and plot
hook inspirations. Also, you'll find information on
the domains of the fallen, some tactics they use to
make their way in the Dark Medieval, and the ways in
which they twist and pervert human custom.

Chapter Two: Playing the Low Clans offers an
in-depth look at creating, conceptualizing and devel-
oping Low Clan characters.

Chapter Three: Brothers of a Different Blood
provides information on several of the bloodlines that

have branched off from the Low Clans and how best
to use these mongrels in a chronicle.

Chapter Four: Blessings of Unclean Blood gives
players and Storytellers a multitude of new Discipline
techniques, as well as new Thaumaturgy rituals, de-
tails on Assamite sorcery, and advanced Disciplines
suitable for elder characters.

Chapter Five: Those Who Hunt the Night
introduces notable characters from the ranks of the
Low Clans, presents five template characters suitable
for use as Storyteller or player-controlled characters,
and details several Low Clan sects.

Sources

Numerous sources of inspiration about the down-
trodden and oppressed exist. Don't feel restricted to
only period-appropriate materials — these themes are
universal. In particular, consider the following.

Books

A Tale of Two Cities, by Charles Dickens. You'll
have to wade through Dickens' thick prose (which
some folks find more pleasurable than others), but this
book showcases anger, rebellion and nobility in some
very appropriate and bloody ways.

Animal Farm, by George Orwell. If you're going to
overthrow the existing power structure, be ready to
replace it with something other than more pigs.

The Bible. No, really. Both the Old and New

Testaments deal with an oppressed people; and what-
ever you might believe about Jesus' divinity, He
certainly had a way of dealing with the ruling c
that was nothing short of rebellious. Besides, there's
plenty of blood and death in the Bible; if you can find
areadable translation, it's great inspiration for a Dark
Ages: Vampire game.
The Tempest, by William Shakespeare. Picture
Caliban as a Nosferatu and Prospero as a Ventrue (or
evena Tremere, really). Caliban is honest about what
he is —a monster — and schemes to commit murder
to gain his freedom.

asses

Films

Braveheart. Not quite period, but close. For what
to expect when the rabble get good and angry (and get
themselves a good leader), you can't do much better.

Eaters of the Dead. Applicable insofar as it helps to
understand why the Assamites are considered a Low
Clan simply by dint of being foreigners.

Gangs of New York. America was born in the
streets, indeed. This film nicely showcases that the
"lower classes" only get pushed around until they
decide not to be (at which point the powers that be
typically take more drastic measures).



HAPTER ONE:
LOWEST OR ThE
DAMNED

"Consider your origins: you were not made that you might live as brutes

but so as to follow virtue and knowledge."

— Dante, The Divine Comedy

The Clans of Caine each have their own distinctive history
For the High Clans, this history stretches back to the beginnings
of time in a distinguished, if at times bloody, record of the doings
of man and the machinations of Cainites.

‘or the Low Clans, history is rarely so flattering. This chapter
contains the mythology and more recent history of the seven clans
known as the "fallen." Players will also find "toolkits" containing
possible starting points and hooks for Low Clan characters.
Finally, this chapter discusses the domains in which the Low
Clans thrive (orat least dwell) and some of the ways in which they
have bent human custom to suit their needs.


Assamites

The prince asks of doings in Outremer as though he
expects a bard to deliver a stirring epic. I find that the truth
upsets him; he does not like to hear what his God has
wrought upon our lands.

— Jibril, Assamite vizier, while visiting the court
of Lord Jiirgen

European Cainites know the Assamites_as the
vengeful desert wind, howling their-wrath at' those
who claim dominion of the night. Blood Sorceries
allow them to slip past impregnable defenses and
murder elders in their-Own\ havens. The Assamites
commit the sin of Amaranth with such frequency that
their souls grow darketthan their skin. Crusading
Cainites have Seen little ‘to dissuade' them ofthis
image, often finding themselvesat odds with the clah's
most brutal/element. This great misconception, suits
the Saracenswell, most of whom leave fools to wallow
in ignorance, They wield the-weapon of réputation
skillfully among the clans:

Origins

To understand this secretivelan, one must first
comprehend its namesake: Because, they are ‘called
"Assamites" by the European'elans, they are. often as-
sumed to-come from a land‘called "Assam." In fact, the
word Assamvis "Haqim" heard by European-ears, and

refers to the lan founder and spiritual master. Tharthe
clan's members prefertocall themselves the "Children of

Hagim" millennia after its formation setves to illustrate
his continued importance to the-Assamtites.

Clan legends paint Hagimas a fierce warrior and
aterror to his enemies among the nomadic tribes of the
Fertile Crescent, prioftothe dawn of recorded history:
His prowess on the battlefieldand strength of will drew
the attention of a childe of Caineywho observed him
quietly for months before-seducing and»Embracing
him. While Haqim never learned why he receivedthe
gift of unlife, the change itself jarréd-Haqim to"the
realization of deeper certainties than the savagery of
tribal warfare. Where before he merely lived, he now
questioned the fundament of everything he knew
Why was the tribe important above all else? How far
beyond the horizon did the world cease to be? Why did
the most vicious of animals hunt during the night? He
wandered far and wide in pursuit of answers to these
questions and many more, eventually finding his way
to the First City of man as more of a scholar than a
warrior. There he encountered his
and there he remained until the city's

inite siblings,

destruction.

After the destruction of the First City, Hagim
wandered once more, though now he sought the
company of learned men and women such as himself.
The first childer he sired shared his intellectual pur
suits and formed the core of what became the vizier
After years of travel and learning he settled in
the Second City, only to find his Cainite siblings
perpetually fighting, involving themselves and their
childer in petty squabbles that soon spread to mortal
affairs: Seeing their bickering as pointless and unbe-
coming; he distanced himself from their tribulations
and devoted himself this studies. He found it hardto
ignore the growing numbefts of deaths among mortals
who were ignorant of his siblings' affairs, but found
himself unable to formulate an.adequate solution to

caste.

protectthem. Greatly. troubled byshis siblings' casual
abuse of mortals, he nevertheless threw himself into
his'studies once more:

ACall For Justice

The tribulations in the Second City festered and
grew  to\such.an extent that even Haqim's siblings
couldfinally foresee their great city torn apart by their
own hands if they continued their machinations. All
of them approached Hagim and requested, that he
serve as judge to their affairs. They agreed! hewas the
only-one capable of objectivity, for he held no stake
in the matters of his'siblings. Although reluctant to
involye himself, Haqim eventually acceded to their
wisdom and instructed a portion of his*childer to
arbitrate the dealings of the ther Cainites with strict
impartiality. Haqim's judges who would one night
become the wartior'caste — took,to their business
with zeal and ruthlessly, culled Gainite excesses.

However, the rivalries of his siblings soon grew
frontpaltry quatrels in the'shadows to open schemes
that used mortals as theimpawns. Haqim's writings
blame this fractiousneéss of his‘siblings for the fall of
the Second City, believing their inward focus blinded
them to the demonic Baali who came to threaten the
region. Though Haq_ im cultivated a sorcerer caste
and-the art of blood magics necessary to defeat the
fiendish threat, his efforts alone were not enough to
stave off the Second City's destruction. While his
efforts were ultimately responsible for ending the
Baali threat, Haqim and his children returned to find
their home a mound of ash and corpses.

Erodus

Assamite accounts of the Second City always

underscore Haqim's anger with his siblings. The el-
ders who remember that time recall the contempt in

his
Seq
to

teh

fall
whi
stu

pol
ere
chil
mo}
city
agr
the
Mir
speé
sity
hau
ash
drer
the;
nati
call
tion
his

"WI
lead
cour
mort
cara'
nal

priv
less {

thou;
The

crach

great
the 1
trave
eagle
night
perch
shoul

ind
ngs
reir
All

he
the
ake
tto
reir
t to
rict
ight
ress

irew
mes
ings
Il of
ided
ithe
vaste
the
hto
: his
the
find

ways
eel
pt in

his Voice as he surveyed the ruined
Second City and pronounced it "lost

zed upon one another without fear, and
after a long silence Haqim took his seat upon

to the jackals." None believe he

teferred to the Baali.

After the Second City's
fall, Hagim sought a place
Where he could pursue his
studies away from petty
politics. He quietly gath-
ered his remaining
children and many of the
Mortal refugees from the
City, then traveled east in
Agrueling march that led
themthrough most of Asia
Minor. The Eldest often
speaks of Hagim's inten- (
sity, recalling the
haunted look to his eyes
ashe called for his chil-
dren to push harder into
thenight towards a desti-
nation that seemed to
call him. When ques-
tioned about their goal,
his reply was always
"Where the heavens
lead us." Over the
course of the journey
More than half of the
caravan died or met Fi-
fal Death through
privation and the merci-
less fire of the sun.

One moonless night
Hagim halted the weary pro-
Cession at the base of a lone
Mountain and thrust his

Spear into the ground at the
mouth ofavast cavern. Wit-

hesses recall the stars' light
shiningso brightly that some
thought the moon had risen.
The earth shuddered and
cracked, thundering as a
great black throne rose from
the rock. As the shocked
travelers looked on, a lone
eagle plunged through the
night sky and came to the
perchupon the throne's right
shoulder. Hagim and the

@ studies. The

the throne

Agreatrumblingshook the
ground as Haqim drove the haft
of his spear into the throne's
right armrest. Stories differ as
to whether the throne actually

sunk through the ground, but
all present saw Haqim, his
le and the black

throne descend into solid

spear, the

rock. Stunned at first, they
quickly ventured into the
maze of caverns in search of
their founder. Eventually they
found a room with an endless
night sky where the ceiling

should be; and Haqim was

at its center, slumped into
the throne. Although
exhausted and horribly
¥ wounded in his right
arm, he declared their
journey at an end, and
called upon his followers to
build a fortress, Alamut,
around the throne from
which he would lead
them.

Ancient Times

According to Assamite
accounts, the clan did little
beyond study within the con-

J fines of their fortress for the
next eight millennia. This is
not exactly true, for many of

Hagim's children made the
world itself the focus of their
shildren of
Hagim spent centuries travel-
ing and observing, returning
toAlamutwith tales ofstrange
lands and stranger events. Vi-
ziers filed reports detailing the

rise and fall of empires in
Mesopotamia, India, Greece,
Rome and Carthage, among
others. Sorcerers spread across
the land, learning the mystical
knowledge of various cultures

and incorporating it into their own work. Warriors—at
that point still more akin to judges than soldiers
watched the movements of Cainites throughout the
lands the Assamites considered their own, guarding the
mortal populace from harm whenever they could. For a
long while the Children of Haqim called themselves
students of the world and served as the distant eyes of
their clan

AConvocation of Eagles

The spiritual and physical fortress Of theAssamites is
known as Alamut, the Eagle's Nest, and it can still-be
found deep in Asia Minor by.those who know where to
look. Ritual sorcery hides it from scryingyeyes,.and its

inhospitable location conceals it fromthe schemes of
mortal nobility. At‘any one time hundreds of Cainites,
ghouls and mortal retainers call the hidden fortress home.
Hagim's black throne temains deep within the fortress,
the haft of his spear still emerging from the rightarmres
Through magics still unknown to the clan'smost learned
sorcerers, the chamber burieddeep within the mountain
still rests benéath what appears to be an open night sky,
no matter thetime of day or night. The ceilingof stars is
not illusory in nature, for Assamite tmagies which require

that the softerer stand beneath'an-open night sky func?
tion within thé throne room~at all times. Early forays up
the throne'rdom's walls ended. with' the sound of the
explorers' distant, horrible screams from far above, Most
Assamites even elders in the sorcerer caste—accept
the physical_impossibility-of the throné-room asan
example of powerful magies beyond the scope of Cainité
capability, and: carry, themselves..with Wary reverence
when they must spend.time within,the chamber

The room known asthe Heartblood sits at the core
of the fortress; it consists of agiant well bubbling with
constantly replenished Cainite vitae. While in Alamut,
all Children of Hagim arte expected to\feed-from the
Heartblood rather than.the ‘mortal, populace;-and the
sorcerers use its resources>for their rituals. Sorceries

enacted by Haqim ages ago caty duplicate. the Vitae-of
every surviving Assamite who pourshis own blood
within the well, a vital component of magics that keep
Alamut's sorcerers in contact with Children of Hagim
who travel far from their mountain home. Anyone who
shares ofhimself with the Heartblood finds that the vitae
he drinks from it is a duplicate of his own, preventing
inadvertent blood oaths from crippling the clan. Calling
the vitae of a specific Assamite from within the mix
merely requires a few minutes of concentration, al-
though the Heartblood cannot produce the blood of any
who have entered Final Death.

A recent practice instituted by the Eldest requires
all Children of Hagim to journey to Alamut within:
seven years of their Embrace, and to doso without theaid
of their sire. There they must present themselves to the
Eldest, who leads them to the Heartblood and shares
with them the tale of Haqimas they spill their vitae into
the well's depths. They must then spend a certain period
of time, generally at least twenty lunar months, leaning
their birthright as Children of Haqim. To put off one's

journey-is-tantamount to refusing one's heritage, and

social pressure upon the Assamite aspirant and sire alike
generally. ensures:this doesn't happen. Exceptions até
made forthose with no knowledge of the custom, but the
supplicantmust swear toher ignorance before the Eldest':
gaze. Those who lie are destroyed. Any who knowingly
delayed-their journey must<workeamong the mortal
populace of Alamut for anamount of time equal to theit
jourey's postponement.

The Laws of Blood

The showpiece of Alamut's libraries are Haqim§
oldest teachings, ancient writings\ on lay, tablets
maintained by the vizier caste. Though Hagim never
formalized them as such, the viziers assigned to teach
young Assamites have a tendency to presént them a
scripture: Interpretations generally grow more figury
tive the further one is from Alamut, arid differing
interpretations between the castes furthersconfuses

the issue: Nearly the entirety of the clan'practices thé
following most, common laws. As with most of thé
oldest teachings, "Khayyin" is synonymous with Caine

Honor-the-Eldest-among*you, for he is to rule my
House when I am absent

Interpreted as the order of su€cession for the clany
the Eldest iscommonly believed to tepresent the most
experienced fourth-generation Assamite residing if
Alamut. Most Children of Haqim follow the principle
of deferring to the' judgment of the eldest present
when two orimore find themselves in the same loca
tion.

Ward the-mortals from Khayyin's brood and treat
them-with honor in all things

Most of Hagim's Children who hold other Cainité
clans in contempt point to the mistreatment of mor
tals as the most obvious reason for their unworthineg
of unlife. Assamites won't drain mortals when feeding)
or use them as pawns for political affairs without
exceptional reasons. Though the occasional trans
gression occurs, the clanas a whole is swift to persecuté
any whoseem to take a flippant approach to humanity]
and reward those who make special effort to protecty

mortal lives.

|
alo
}

appli
pret)
non-
destr
|
Chik
Alan
recei!
from
serve
sions
of As
selves
back
|
found,
|
lying,
selves
hand)
wouni
Malic
losing
punist
sions.
Ju
should
Tl
leadin,
The w
to Ass;
viziers
to mor
the Cr
school
Oppose

Hagir

As
directic
departu
remain
came t¢
intoare
intheS
his clan
honor. |
themsel
Castes ¢

ing
ses
the
the
ine.

my

lan,
nost
gin
iple
sent

oca-
treat

inite
mor-
iness
sding
hout
rans-
ecute
anity
rotect

Slay not those of the Blood, for that right is of the Eldest
alone

While similar to the Second Tradition, this only
applies to the "Blood of Haqim." Though few inter-
pret this particular law as a call for open season on all
non-Assamites, no formal clan penalties exist for the
destruction of another

inite

Despite this stricture, every so often one of Haqim's
Children breaks this law and is required to report to
Alamut as soon as possible to admit the crime and
teceive the Eldest's judgment. If the murderer is too far
from Alamut, the nearest Assamite*who has evér
served as Eldest can pass sentence. Most transgres-
sions involve the Beast holding sway, and the majority
of Assamites who turn' themselves in-accord them-
selves a greater degrée of leniency than those dragged
back to Alamut

Deceive not those of the Blood, for my House is
founded on Truth

This also applies to' fellow Assamites, forbidding
lying or stealing from/clanmates: Thieves find theni-
selves held down by four peers While an elder tears the
hand from the body arid applies an hetbal salve tothe
wound to prevent regeneration for one lunar. month.
Maliciousliarsand spiteful gossips suffera similar fare,
losing the tongue rather than.a hand. Few who suffer
punishment once-choose to repeat their transgres-
sions.

Judge: those of Khayyin's brood and piinish them
should they-be found avanting

The last of Haqim's laws is the most contentious,
leading to'atifebetweén the vizier and wartior castes:
The warriors believe alltCainites who-don't stand up
to Assamite codes ‘of honor should be slain, while the
Viziers espouse that only Cainites who are a detriment
to mortal society shotild be'so judged. The coming of
the Crusades has lent‘much.credente to the Warrior
school of thought;.but the-viziers-generally remain
opposed to their intetpretation

Hagim's Disappearance

As time passed Haqim grew disappointed.with-the
direction the clan appeared to be taking. His-final
departure sparked disagreements within the clan that
temain to this night. It is said that one of his children
came to him with a dispute so trivial that Haqim flew
intoatage, likening their disputes to those of his siblings
inthe Second City. He decried the self-interest that tore
hisclan apart from within, and the betrayal of duty and
honor. The elders of each caste immediately declared
themselves blameless in the matter and found the other
€astes culpable for Hagim's rage, leading to even more

bickering and conflict as to who bore responsibility for
the outburst

Amidst the quarrels, few noticed Hagim's depar-
ture, and none would comprehend its finality for nearly
two decades. Haqim returned to Alamut sporadically
after that, but never ina capacity beyond that ofa visitor
concerned with his own studies. By decree of the Eldest,
he is not to be troubled with the affairs of the clan until
he removes the haft of his spear from his throne and sits
upon it once more. Haqim's last known whereabouts
were traced to the British Isles roughly one millennium
ago, where itis-known that he met with the Ventrue
Mithras. What they discussed and where Haqim ven-
tured from there i$ unknown to the Assamites, but they
expectantly await-the réturnof the Ancestor.

A Matter of Faith

Islam's rise in the seventh century sent ashockwave
through the wartior caste, who percéived the fledgling
religion as hearkening back to the harsh justice prac-
ticed in the Second Gity: Others found the basic precepts

as Worthy in structure a$.the Christianity,or Judaism
practiced by their fellows, and followed its teachings in

UNHOLY War

} s Islam spread through the warrior caste
QE like wildfire in the seventh century, a
resurgence in Baali activity within Asia Minor
led the warriors to what many sawas the first true
test of their faith. The infernalists fell before the
holy conviction of the Assamite warriors like
mortals exposed to the harsh winds of the deep-
est deserts. The warriors found the fighting so
one-sided and their enemies so easy to dispatch
that they grew dangerously complacent. Blinded
by pride, they didn't recognize the trap until it
was far too late.

s the Assamite warriors slaughtered hun-
dreds of infernal pawns, powerful Baali sorcerers
enacted a great curse that swept through the
caste like a plague. Many of the warriors found
themselves overcome by a terrible thirst for the
blood of their own kind, and even those who
escaped the thirst now bore the stain of Ama-
ranth. Enraged, the warriors slew the Baali
sorcerers toa man, but the effects of the curse left
lasting scars on the whole caste. No sorcerer or
vizier has yet discovered a way to counteract the
blood madness or the false indications of diablerie

or, as some paranoid warriors whisper, those

who did are unwilling to share it.


an effort to suppress the Beast. Many discovered that
fresh Assamites who fervently followed the precepts of
Islam during their lives took to clan teachings much
more readily than most mortals. Soon the warrior caste
primarily Embraced Islamic men and women, although
now they take Muslim men almost exclusively. The
inevitable conflict between Islam and other religions
eventually spilled into the ranks of the Assamites, and
in more than a few cases an Assamite has openly broken
the Laws of Blood in favor of adhering to Islamic or
Christian principles.

Some of the more cynical elders still tefér.to the
religion as "the new Christianity," seeing both'réligions
as little more than cults of personality that gained
widespread appeal duringstimes of great strife. They
often have long-standing wagers regarding which faith
will collapse under its own collective weight first

The Dark Ages

The ¢lan Gontinues'toOperate on principles de-
veloped millennia ago: Jamal is the current Caliph of
the warrior caste and its greatest combatant. The few
challengers in trials by armed combat, unarmed com-
bat and military leadership haye yet to unsear him.
Al-Ashrad‘is the long-standing Amr of the'sotcerer
caste, ahd'none of the fourth- and fifth-generation
sorcerers responsible for choosing'an Amr has seen fit
to replacehim since his ascension in AD 120. The
Fikri of thé vizier caste is currently Rebekah, whose 63
year term ends \in three. years. Already she faces
political opposition\from-Khaldun, the Fikri she re-
placed in ADA171.

All three individuals serve as counsel to the Eldest,
a position reserved for the eldest Assamite currently

active. The position waspreviously held bythe reclusive
sorcerer Sha'hiri, until the legendary vizier Nakurtim
arrived at Alamut unexpettedly.in. AD 1214°She spent
more than a decade transitioning. as the Assamite's
titular leader in Haqim's absence. Althotigh Nakurtum
is reputedly the founder of the. silsila, the historians
charged with recording the clan's history and maintain-

ing its spiritual direction, she is the first woman toever
serve as Eldest. Many younger warrior Assamites ques-
tion the capability of a woman's leadership, although
rarely within earshot of their elders.

Nakurtum takes a much more active role than
Sha'hiri in directing daily affairs, but her ideas are
often met with resistance by the warrior and (some-
whatsurprisingly) v
traditional values held by the clan, but many protest

ier castes. She stresses a return to

that the state of the world now bears little resem-

blance to her time. Her conflict with the viziers stems
from the open disdain she holds for the current state
of her caste, and her tendency to reject the Fikri's
counsel more often than that of the Amr or the
Caliph. Dissatisfied elders have secretly sent childer
to seek out an Assamite with seniority to Nakurtum
who they can rouse and install as Eldest.

The Crusades

The Arabian entry into Christian landsas fary
as Iberia saw-the spread of Assamites throughout
European lands, but-the invasion of Christians into
the Levant sparked mucliill will and sent shockwaves
through theclan. Much-of the younger, Islamic war
tior casté-wanted.to-help defend Muslim lands

European Cainitesand-thé Saracens often fought on
Opposite sides throughout the Oftisades, leading to the
general distrust for the Childrenof Haqim. Mor'
problematic, the presénce of Christian Sects among
the Assamités occasionally resulted in‘Children of
Haqim facing one-anothér in, battle: This led tod
hands-off decree by the Eldest'at the start of the Sixth
Crusade: Although the Caliph did not openly defy het
by lending the. direct support of the warrior caste tt
Islamic forces, he-has Certainly done everything in his

power to tesuthe limits of herpronountement.

TheTsinuation

Cainite influence beyond Europe has-drast ically
ers and
warriors have worked to counteract ‘this influencé
since the fallof Constantinople by returning the favor
in kind. Known internally as‘the Insinuation, thej
work through clandestine methods) to monitor thé
interactions and plans of European: Cainites on theif
own lands. They weigh the benefits and drawbacks dl
openly inserting Select Assamites into European circles
racen face that the Insinuay
tion wants the Europeans tosee.

increased sincé the Crusades, A*vhandfulof viz

calculated to display

Surprisingly, many"Assamites sympathetic tm
Christian catises see the logic in this, for they considetl
thé Cainite influence on the Crusades to be a pervert
sion of Christian teachings. Those who follow Islan
couldn't be happier, for the information gleaned maf
help them blunt future invasions. What little resis
tance there is to the idea takes the form of select elden
concerned with European culture "polluting" thé
Assamites carrying out their duties, but the benefit

are largely seen to outweigh the risks. |

a a

LAYERS. GUIDE TO -

ene
* "LOW CLAN Fas We

Out
4

dismi
many
region
ingbl
turne,
remot
the fi
born |
The |
the ad
their
strang
T
well, f
fallof)
a grea
while
sades
While
asmal|
breed
great
world,
warrio
skill te
Te
shadoy
spirituy
into th
war. T
caste" }
Shrouc
Knight
its nas¢
with er
their w
determ

Boi
Ce

Assami
know 0

Muri

In,
the hall
Tespect¢
fora mc


WOAH 1O.LSI\O1+
O Y4LdWHO

———S— ESS

SSS

ay ey} Sunes ‘NeW oy) jo UONeoIpnipe ayeuNyN
pur uonesisoaut at Yam perysy-TYy passeyp wap|q
AYL ‘sada jo Win} snorind IYMaUIOs & O} pay sey
SI9121A ay] JO sIOLeM ayp JoypE YAM aziypedurds 07
Jesnyes adalge siar99I0s ay J "Fea ajsed yeNIDe UE IDA
-aid 03 Sutuajoid "oxew ay Ut sapIs Sulsooys Woy,
Uarpyryo sty jo Aue apeqioy Apoinb perysy-1V
"paynsnf Ayamua aiam suonoe
Joy jsassns Auew pue ‘ouoy pue suonuaqut s eyes
uonsanb sronem ay ayeUI 93sed Jay 01 uonoAap 194,
jo Aqureqia9 Jay pue JusWaIEIs NadAI9 s aeIbemneyy
*snodisesip Ajjetuaiod sea] 1e_a0 ‘snolejau
Surpawios jo joord se uorsswHed UeYyi ioypes sou
-9AIBIOJ BULYse JO ATOASTY SUED 0} pauiod pur saseo
[]O29s ay Jo syuaquo. ay pauoNsonb Apsosay Ady],
‘gles! uey oy sdeysod pure poojqueayy OyTIDeI01d 07
J9pso Ul oUOp seav aPYer) Jo SULAe}s Joy avy. suyisod
‘ue]> oy) UIYIM sMel sutbepy jo aesoape-asaqeays
au se qibeaeyyopayoeq Apyoinb soem oy]
*souutes) Joyo jo Jarysneys
airuessy ayrAqpesnes ssousnonoey ay) woyasou ay)
Bunyouag se mes AoyyOYM Jag yo siaMOT[Oy oy YAM
Aqotduyoa,urpagoe ays yeta Ajdurt 0} se rey Os auaM
duos tueyed Aq pay siounsie poudsear-|jam oy
jo Asnojeafioy poziseydiuy Aoy ] souig Jay jo ousoqa.
woy advoso pur s]jor9s ay yo Yoypsebemneyy O2

paqurod.aige 191214. ayy INS jo SouaplAa sy sURp oYyT

jo UORDaMp 7eo1so]Oapl oy ado} ajssnas 19M0d porduioy
"ie ue) pasajje pue ‘diysiapespsiotp Aq pouonoues
JOpmNUl JO SIUM YA Pasndde SaIZIA.9Yy J AYBIY
O7UT pajzeas spaig yO Yoy v se aduaIYOS sues oy
AyYsnos YM Surm YOOYSUONesNdIe Anu] Poy pey
JwbemMeyYaeyy pouuyjudg Soquessy. oy2-d9uC)
"LOI PUdsaq PUdIXa 01 UMOUY J9AIU'seAT ATYSOY
TOYA Weap 's,ueyeE) axojaq ySnoynje ‘oreqep 192119
Ajsuiseozour Uy pasesua Ady) yoryar ut sarinqua2 yo
9SINOD 9Y? J9AO AJOSTY B Pet AdY | "JOUOY JosprepuLTs
ayuressy YoreW OU pIpoyAveatureD Auk fouCTIINsap
ay) Joy pasin peaisut ays ‘sdioyod:s,ueyery 02 uon
-isoddo [e90 jo A1OISTY Saeibeaneyy Si pooyg at Jo
auo SULapiNU Japyo Ue jo IdaRW AYSioat Apeorye ay
Suneoydwod ‘puey Joy ul sased joss ay yapawdem
Tey ayp woy aysry sorem aya Aq poAtoyjo} "yea
TeULY sueyeEO Ul SunpNsar ayynos snort v padeydsip
UOISIA ay ‘wIbeP{ JO UaIppYD jo JoOMOY By OF
«sty
Op 03 NOA Moye JOUUED J, ‘pares puk aaoo|e UL WO
pasiouis qabemneyy Jepje JOWeM aya a10jaq puey
UT SaseD []OIDS JUAIOUE INO} YIM poojqueayy ay) 02
ypeoidde paruny sty poyeaaar syuawOUL Ise] sRyEO,
JOSUOISIA SNOIIDIOG "sIapuayo snosaiBa sour ay ATU
Sulspn{ pure suejo ay usamieq adueI9]01 SuowoId

uewspn! jo mv] aya jo UOTRIaIdI9IUT ayeJapoUl BIO}
uoldureyp 3sa3va18 ay} pur sisad siy Suoure payedsar
-[]24 sea a} ‘poojqueayy aya 02 Surpeay Amey ay
UI UTE]s sem EYED TeYeS JOIZIA My 177] GY U]

NUD} IY AIGANYG

"9dUDISIXA TAY? JO MOU
qsea] 38 JO ‘sansst 9say UO UOMISOd kB pjoY sazTtHEssy
ISOYY "9]OYM k se UL] dA IDaYe suladUOd UTEMAD,

101}119} 10} Jo symt0gs

uojsuedxe 10} pasu ay; oUTULie}p
djay j[lavsieak may yxou. aYI JO SIUDAI dy | YOM AY
aaordde Aji1oe) 03. perysy-[y 10} ssooons ysnoud tim
JOU Jey OS BAK] so]AISsIp Say oY? ‘soseas TUISeU SI
Ul] [Ds-sL-dnois stp ysnoypyy -pnosys aya jo s1ysiuy
ays Jo pnoryS yoejg ay2.payjeo Ayjeuuozur ‘pnoiyy
YR Pp Jo saystuyy sMoLg yp) Jo 19PIE yp se ,o8kd
ueadoing,,.2y2 0} sioyor Ayperoyjodnord, ay] "ae
DYA_O2 poyOaep'sorurEZy se 9QUAISIXS.A\QU Tow OUT
wloyy Uo Ipuos pue oNpqe Usya ‘suoHSTAUOSyenads
BUONs oAvy OYas sjeio0w [eNUN {ful ad }os pue sMOpeYS
ay) oy dasy-ubepy jo uarpyrys asayz eiep Of
"my 9q 02 IDS
ShO1QD10s JOAUNOUIE AOS 9MO ]]e ‘S191214/ PUBSIOLMEM
jo |NJpuey ev sapnjouLdoquunu_norp yshounpy /pyomt
SYVOIUT AeA spt 1d) WOOs ]]1M\ Jasa10J ADU [IAS Wadd
ay soddo 02 y90}s Ueadomg woody dattinessyy 40 poalg
MOUk ABJOY OI UOTHAI ay] 02 SortwUssy Jo Anois [peuise
Juas pesysy-]y "Inweyy up peyezenb sused sil ay Ay
"wo]qoid uvadoing.2.ai-Jaqey 02 IAaIUOD Uleas sapEs
AUD) aya Woy sospnas-Sursmnu srousea Aue aptyAt
‘p}iom aya jo pus Sta 03 Surpesy wWsAjovIed ald B
JOIPaid s19121A palo Ay Ue JO AIS PUgsaS oY} JO |e
ay papyessy Aotp pareadde Aaya aun sty ay 10} Yaa
OO} |e SUsIS/OyI MOU tuybeL] Jo UdIpTYD wy]

ssouasuens
ayp jo osneo ay Jaaoosip 61 194 aaey susa]qord Hay
orgoyredurAs ISWAT | 10J ‘s199s [e1.10U Jo IDAPe ay
MO Yaas 01 Yysnoud ayeladsap are anaqua, eI] ay]
*S90] paqqam pue sio9sUYy UdAI]2 UIA UOIpTIYD Woy
=MOU PassouIlM AY] "Ysa]j 9Y2 UO SUISIOS pjay My
JO sasvaq AIA ‘ueUT BO} pardIysne]s sadeyfIA Otto
punoy Kay] "usard ApyoIs 1YSI] s,uoOU sy pou]
yeyp A¥s 1YyS1u at) UT azey e pure des jo pearsul poojd stl}
-daam saan qrydn suruuns survaas poraqunodue Uolsal
ay? ysnoryp siajaaeiy ‘uorsiedns quesead se Auet
"1D WOYUON Ul siuaAd asuens jo suodar ssilisip
0} yoinb ozaM ayl]e ayUTeD pure jeuoUl si IY

yvoagyng

siya
au

siop
-SISE
Aew
we]
"194
Jap!

ou


was the only one capable of impartiality in the matter.
The warriors were quick to support the decision on the
basis of greater impartiality, although they privately
resented the sorcerers having such influence over
what they see as an internal matter. The viziers saw
the wisdom in the Eldest's decision, though they
whisper among themselves that the sorcerers will use
the rift for their own political gain.

Regardless, the search for Ahatiwaqrat is consid-
ered of utmost importance to every caste. Elder viziers
and warriors publicly champion the outcome of this
matter asa divine indication for the law of judgment's
future interpretation. Warriors fear that scheming
viziers will attempt to slay Ahatiwaqrat before a trial
to prevent her absolution, and viziers worry that
warriors blinded by ideology will discover her and
shelter her from harm
unfounded but worrying rumors spread among the
other castes — notably the murmurs that the visions
reported to the rest of the clan were partially or wholly
false, and that they seek to name Ahatiwagrat as a
scapegoat in Gaffari's slaughter in order to gain greater
political prominence within the clan. The sorcerers
know such rumors could tear the clan apart if justice

Sorcerers are hindered by

is handled poorly, and seek to return Ahatiwaqrat
safely to Alamut for trial as swiftly as possible. Whether
or not Hagim's Children have as a whole acted less
than honorably, the fear of treachery and slowly
growing web of distrust have great potential to damage
the clan as a whole.

The Reening

It began once more in winter. The ear-splitting
wail known as the Keening spilled once more from
Mecca, and nobody seems to know why. The Keening
can only be heard by Cainites on the Arabian Penin-
sula, forcing its way into their thoughts and dreams
during daylight hours. These day terrors can drive a
Cainite mad over time and grow in strength with
proximity to Mecca.

The Keening was once thought contained by the
dedicated Nosferatu known as the Hajj, but now it
returns sporadically and with greater force than be-
fore. To date, the Assamites remain unable to contact
the Hajj through mundane or sorcerous methods.
Divinations into the location of the Hajj invariably
drag the Keening into the mind of the would-be

diviner. All searches for their members have proven

fruitless so far.

Of greater worry is the loss of contact with the
Assamites stationed outside of Mecca as the city's
anonymous defenders. Children of Haqim who ven-

tured to Mecca in search of their brethren have yetill
return, beyond a sole survivor who reported her sifl
lings slain by the people they were sent to locate
Mecca's Assamite guardians. She described the fireil
their eyes as neither madness nor devotion, but som@
thing with greater intensity than either. None spol
a word, killing silently and with such ferocity thatshi
knew fear for the first time in generations. She sawall
old friend struck down by his own childe withoil
hesitation or emotion. She saw nothing but raw detem
mination and death, and found herself harried fi
leagues by their pursuit. There were other things shi
wouldn't speak of, things that seemed to terrify hey
and her sleep grew more troubled with each passin
day. Within a month of her return to Alamut sig
climbed the mountain and watched the sun rise.

The Assamites remain unsure of all but one thing
Something important happened in Mecca last wintes
and nobody is talking.

Player's Loolboy

Players interested in exploring the concems
Haqim's Children may draw hooks from the following

Ancient Lies

* You received summons from the Brujah prin
one lunar month past. His invitation used the olf
venerations preferred by your elders, and his reputi
tion is one of great honor. Yet this Brujah prine
reportedly responsible for the deaths of hundreds @f
Muslims defending their lands against Christian itt
vaders — those such as yourself, before your Embracé
Why did the prince ask for you specifically? Does hi
seek revenge against one who fought the Crusadem
with such zeal? Or is the matter entirely unrelatedil
the wars in the Levant?

© You are the last of Haqim's Children still activ
in the area. The Tzimisce slew your companions anil
currently make sport (and meals) of the isolatell
mortal populace. You received word from Alamill
through sorcerous means recently, but the situatidl
remains grim. Their reinforcements will arrive in ony
lunar month —a long enough time that the mortilll
may all be dead when they arrive. It is now youl
responsibility to harry the Tzimisce from the shadowy
striking swiftly and without a trace of your presen

Matters of Faith

¢ You and your warrior companions seek tj
excise the Cainite opportunists from amidst th
heathens polluting the Holy Land. You are thi

blades
Cainity
bones ¢
of ghoi
hamme
moyal
expulsi
you mu
what yi
°7
Embra¢
to shar
word t
from th
Your m
your wi
from A
truth v
foreign
oA
Heave1
artifact
war. TI
tered by
became
Assami
would ;
whoeve
about "

The}
*)

master,
of the i}
masters
connec
tals of

provide
turned

homela

centuri,
less. Ar
of the f
caste lik
You sus
new A]
before

politics
with hi

nee
old
ata-
e is
s of
in-
ace.
she
ders
dto

tive
and
ited
mut
tion
one
ttals
your
ows,
nee.

k to

the

Blades in the darkness who seek out the swollen
Cainite spiders at the center of webs made from the
bonesof the fallen, and neither castle wall nor army
Of ghoul sentries can sweep aside the headlong
hammer of your wrath. Should your forceful re-
moval of the Cainites result in the Christian
expulsion from the Levant, so much the better, but
you must tread the line carefully lest you become
what you destroy.

* The life of a pilgrim suited you before your
Embrace, and now yourexistence remains devoted
to sharing the divine. You' must spread the holy
Word to those who need it most, removing doubt
from their hearts'and replacing it. with devotion
Your mastery of language keeps you in touch and
your wit keeps you from Final,Deaths.Y ouwroam far
from Alamut, shating the philosophy) you know as
truth with all you-encounter, évenin lands as
foreign as Taugast or Scotland.

$a part of the Spear of Destiny (see Road.of
Heaven), it was yourduty to preserve the Christian
artifacts of the Levant from falling to the horrors of
War. Then most of your compatriots were slaugh-
tered by the hands of your own clan, and your duty
became very different indeed. Now you seék the
Assamites who would destroy their own kin. You
would share your own beliefs with the betrayers,
most particularly the part
about "an eye for an eye."

The Future

© You never thought to call a Saracen your
Master, but you work with the magi to rid your lands
ofthe infernal. You serve as their agent where your
masters' dark skin would harm the cause. Your local
connections allow better interaction with the mor-
tals of the land, and your knowledge of the area
provides insight into the rocks that need to be
turned over. You will push the demons from*your
homelands before their plans Come to fruition; and
you will do so'with: acen- magic.

* You understand why Hagim—left_Alamut
centuries ago. The bickering grows €Vér more point®
less. Arguments form around literal interpretations
of the founder's casual conversations. Caste fights
¢aste like miniature representations of Cainite clans.
You suspect Haqim abandoned the clan to form a
new Alamut, and you hope to look upon it once
before your passage into Final Death. You leave
politics behind in search of an absentee father, and
with him you hope to finally find peace.

whoever they may be

Followers of Vet

So much work to build a wall, a cathedral, a castle, a
faith. Christendom — and Osiris — would see this world
shut up in walls. Remember, though, that walls block the
light, and that Set still waits in the dark

— Neb-abui, Setite observer and pilgrim

The Followers of Set are widely reviled by their
fellow Cainites)who see them, morally, as inches
away from evil'worthy ofthe Baali. The-Setites force
mortal and "undying alike down a path fraught with
temptation, argue theirmany detractors;and so bla-
tant arte their attempts to corrupt and destroy the
affairs of their fellowsthatthey should be destroyed on
principle. Although therejisa grain of truth to this, the
Serpents would take issue with the ‘thrust of this
misrepresentation. They are quick to point out that
no Setite "forces" anybody, to do\anything of which
they aren't already capable. The\loss of personal
control is anathema to the members)6f the clan, but
they readily admit to encouraging the blossoming of
existing desires.

Origins

The Followers of Set don't believe that they are
descended from Caine. They trace their lineage to the
dark Egyptian god Set, or Sutekh, who drew breath
before the dawn of civilization. That time is revered as
a golden age by the Setites, for humanity took what it
wanted when it wanted it, knowing neither restraint
nor civilization. In this manner human life main-
tained the spiritual balance of Ma'at and provided
equilibrium in Duat, the world of the afterlife:

The tribesman Ra, Set's grandfather, possessed a
hunger for all things that could not be sated with
simple*conquest. Shortly before his death he con-
spired with Osiris, Set's brother, to bind humanity to
thestwin lies of culture and law, convincing the
Egyptian. people that»the»purity..of.savagery was a
shameful thing- Ra persuaded the populace to suborn
themselves under the rule of formal state with Osiris
installed at.the-head."Such was the will of Ra and
Osiris that they quelled profligacy among their people
in a short time. The first portion of Ra's scheme fell
into place, and he entered death to prepare for the
second.

Set returned from a long hunt in the deep desert

and saw the terrible changes brought to his people in
the Upper Nile, but in his wisdom he appealed to
Osiris for the lands of the Lower Nile to remain free of
the corruption of law. The cruel Osiris scoffed at his


SetiTe TERMINOLOGY

The Followers of Set have specific termi-
nology derived from Egyptian concepts and
words. The. most important are summarized
here for ease of reference.

 Duat: the afterlife, thought of as a mirror
to the living world. What physically exists in
life also exists in Duat, which is why the people
are traditionally buried with their possessions.

© Ma'at: The balance between life and the
afterlife. Each world mirrored the other until
Ra and Osiris unbalanced Ma'at with the cre-
ation of law. The Followers of Set seek to return
the balance of Ma'at by disrupting' society's
disproportionate influence.

¢ Akh: The spiritual essence of a person
and the first of three components that make a
complete person. Upon death, the akh is the
first component to enter the afterlife. A Setite's
akh departs to the afterlife when a sire shares
the dark water of the river that flows between
worlds with her childe. This provides the Ser-
pent with a foothold in both the living world
and Duat.

* Ba: The second. component, the person- ,
ality. When properly the dead person is properly
interred, the ba crosses the river between life
and death to join the akh in Duat.

¢ Ka: The life essence of a person, and the
final component. The ka follows the ba to Duat
where it joins,the akh and brings the dead to
their eternal rest.

brother's plea, and showed the extent of his contempt
by filling the womb of Set's sister-wife Nephthys with
his seed, taking her for a wife of his own. Osiris then
used the tools of society to banish Set from theland he
now claimed»TPhough disheartened, Set honored his
brother's wishesand lefrto die in the desert as he had
lived — a free fan.

Heart of Darkness

Set traveled deep into the desert for seven days
and nights before he collapsed with thirst and exhaus-
tion. With the last of his strength he dug deep into the
sands in search of a trickle of water to slake his thirst.
He dug so deep that when water welled to the surface,
he could see by the moon's light that it was darker than
the night itself. Set knew the water was of the river
that flowed between the worlds, but his thirst was so

great that he drank of it without hesitation. As he did
so a portion of his soul, his akh, passed into the
afterlife, providing Set with a foothold into both
worlds. It was only then that he understood the
totality of Ra's vile plan.

Set saw that Ra had upset the delicate balance of
Ma'at. Life and afterlife are akin to a reflection on the

surface of a standing pool of water; the dead spend

eternity with the possessions their family buries with
them. Now, however, the newly dead arrived to find
Ra and his forces arrayed outside their eternal homes,
giving them the choice of slavery and the forfeiture of
their possessions in the afterlife; or utter destruction
in both worlds»Ra's sinister plotvaccustomed the
Egyptians to following.the décrées of Osiris in life,
taming them for an afterlife where would Ra reign as
ajackal amonggoats. With their sayage natures elimi-
nated, the meek Egyptians could not.oppose Ra and

his forces. Set's people were doomed to eternal subju-
gation in both worlds

The villainy of his grandfather's designs and his
brother's complicity enraged Set, but amidst his fury
he formed a plan for the redemption of his people
Where Osiris sought glory forall to see and fought like
a\cat toying with its meal, Set would cloak himself in
the darkness of anonymity and strike with the fang of
the asp. While his fat brother gorged upon the spoils
of the downtrodden, Set would drink sparingly from
lifeitself, abstaining from all but the life's blood of his
andfather built
empires upon the backs of mortal men and women,

enemies. Where his brother and g

Set would force those empires to topple under theit
own weight. He rejected the day and declared the
night to be his domain, then went about taking it for
his own.

After countless nights of scheming Set returne
to the Upper Nile and slipped past his brother's
guards: While hiding in the shadows of the monu-
ments,Osiris had built to further his own glory, Set
devised a plan of great cunning and daring. Disguising
himself-as-a~humble*merchantySet»presented his
brother with an-elaboraté,.ornaté satcophagus and
tricked Osiris-into testing its-comforts. As soon as
Osiris lay*withiny Set snapped the lid c
with his captive brother. Although Osiris' son Horus
and his allies gave pursuit, Set threw the sarcophagus

»sed and fled

into the Nile itself and drowned his reviled brother.

Set's time in the deep desert hadn't prepared him
from the reaction of the Egyptians. Thoroughly cowed
by Osiris' lies into an eternity of deferential servitude,
Set's own countrymen turned against him. His name
became a curse upon their lips and his battle to restore

rep
arn
fath
Set

pen
Gei
the
of $
lati:
dea
swit
eter

his)
dea
ally
atec
find
alik
his |
$001
non
Egy
Egy)
thar

for ¢
ans,

Ron

lear)

au
Set
ing
his
ind
tas
led
rus
gus
ier.
iim
ved
ide,
ime
ore

Mavat was seen as a great evil. They opposed the
freedoms of ages past, trading their individual sover-
tignty for the dubious security of Duat as falsely
promised by Osiris.

Set had no desire to punish the people for their
ignorance of Ra's empire in the afterlife. However, he
Knew he could not restore the balance alone, so he
Sought out the brightest scholars and priests in Egypt,
those who had long suspected that Osiris' promises
were malicious lies. Set imparted his bleakttaleto each
before sharing with them the‘ark waver of theri¥ér
that ran between. the worlds and coursed through his
veins. As their-akhs fled'to Duat, Sutekh's, chosen:
Observed Ra's wicked plan‘coming to fruitionsandall
pledged to follow him until-Ma'av was once*more
restored. These disciples-trailed after their liberator
into the shadows, where they became. known as the
Followers of Set.

Ancient Times

Osiris' defeat/gave the Followers of Set/ little
teprieve. Horus, child of Nephthys and Osiris, took up
ams against his uncle and continued to lead/in his
father's stead. He marshaled armies to oppose the
Setites' attempts at open rebellion, forcing the Ser»
pents to operate with great subtlety and craftiness.
Generation after generation knew this conflict, and
thefighting left many dead in its wake. The Followers
Of Set lamented each fallen Egyptian, for Ra'sinstal-
lation of Osiris as his general in Duat turned every
death into an ignominy. Ra's forces continued to
swindle the Egyptian people of their rightful place in
eternity.

Horus committed sacrilege after sactilege against
hisown people. He wasn't afraid to send men to their
deaths, for he knew that every fallen warrior begatan
ally in Duat. Even as his influence dwindled he oper-
ated witha calculated cruelty against his own populace;
finding degenerate allies among humans and. spirits
alike. When'Setand hisfollowers finally struck down
his treacherous nephew-their Victory- was brief, They
soon discovered that-Horus- had Conspired with the
nomadic Hyksos tribe*to.sweep»throughea_ battered
Egypt with little opposition. Set's nephew had seen
Egypt trampled under the feet of hated invaders rather
than acknowledge his uncle as victorious.

Thestruggle against invaders continued unabated
for generations. The Followers of Set found the Liby-
ans, the Ethiopians, the reviled Persians and the
Romans soon replaced the Hyksos. The Serpents
leamed hard lessons from those who trespassed, par-

ticularly that open revolt and public glorification of
their dark master were paths to downfall. Rather than
meet their enemies in battle, it was better to present

themselves as friends who could provide any need or

whispered desire for a price. Their enemies would
eventually undo themselves in the face of temptation,
losing the focus that set them at odds with the Setites
and reveling in their lack of restraint. The Followers
of Set refined the art of drawing the hidden desires
from the.ifitiermost chambers of the human heart, and
usedthéitealentstomrestore Ma'at to mortals and
Cainites alike. They bided theirstimé@in'the city of
Fanis inthe Nile Delta; the-hearr of the-clan's influ-
ence and home, to' the. greatest concentration of
Sérpents ih any one place.

The Loss of Gutekh

More than/a millennia,ago Setshook in his great
obsidian saregphagus when ‘he. Should have slept.
Setite elders still fecall the thundering and railing of
the datk god, for the howls of pain reached their own
dreams as well. Set's rants, shrieks'and epithets swept
through the minds of the elan}for seven days and
nights before they finally came'to an end. Weary and
shaken, the elders rushed to Sutekh's haven only to
find their gteat master missing and his most trusted
guards driven mad. Obsidian shards of Set's shattered
sarcophagus were found embedded in the stone walls
with such force that those who remember swear the
Tock itself was bleeding.

The visions and dreams shared with the clan are
commonly held as the Prophecies of Set, and are
thought to detail the events leading up to the end of
the world. Contentious theories abound as to exactly
what they mean, leading to such broad interpretations
that some Setites find themselves working in direct
opposition to the interests of others, with both point-
ing totheprophecies as justification for their actions.
Of greatest concern and deliberation is whether the
visions were a warning against future dangers or an
outline.for-the-conditions:necessary. for, Sutekh's re-
tum. At thé time of his disappearance the imbalance
of Ma'at-was'so.gréar-that a-good ease could be made
for ¢ithemarguiment:

To this night the Followers of Set debate whether
their founder's absence implies that he was destroyed
at the height of his intense paroxysm, or that he left for
parts unknown in an effort to avert an imminent
disaster. Even the most pessimistic bear a cautious
hope for Set's eventual return. Some believe the
visions to be communications from the dark god
himself and record addenda to the Prophecies, but the


validity of these scribblings is even more questionable
than the specifics of the Prophecies themselves.

Child of the Dark God

When Alexander the Great pushed the Persians
from Egypt, the Followers of Set found purpose once
more. Accounts from the time mention his striking
resemblance to Sutekh, and many of the Serpents
believed him to be the spiritual son of the'dark.god:
Some suspected the Macedonian conqueror was their
beloved Setreincarnated.in. mortal form, while others
thought him adistant descendant of Sutekh's lineage.
Most of the clan'smembers'saw his ceaseless toppling
of corrupt realms asa forée forthe restoration of Ma'at:
Although in the Setites never influenced Alexander's
direction, they followed the swath of destruction the
Macedonian carved across the world. They estab-
lished their temples and bases of influence in his wake.

The Setites mourned Alexander's unexpected
death, and rumors still persist that long-hidden agents
of Ra secretly slew him for fear that the great general
would one day have the strength to overthrow Ra'sill-
gotten empire in Duat. The Serpents still whisper of
the glories Alexander could have shown the world if

he had lived but a decade longer, or the direction he
could have shown them had they taken him as a
disciple of Sutekh. They constantly look for prophetic
signs of a new "son of Sutekh," for another who could
inspire such fervor would surely restore Ma'at. Al-
ready some whisper of the Holy Roman Emperor
Frederick Il as a candidate, but the Setites have found
him all but unapproachable so far.

The Dark Ages

The. fall of Tanis»shortly,after.the. fall of Rome
marked adivergence of thought among the Followers of
Set: Those who. advocated-a-return to the old ways
followed the. Hierophants,-a*gtoup composed of the
surviving residents of Tanis who felt that measured
adaptation of their ancient traditions into a more struc-
tured form would best serve the survivors in spreading
et's word. The opposing school of thought placed little
trust in any who would call for formalized leadership of
a group that prided itself on the concept of personal

sovereignty. The opposition became known as the Deca-
dents, the champions of the individual autonomy taught
by Sutekh, and they defied any attempts at organization:
that were not innately ambiguous. While open conflict

isra
age
oth

Xb

nev
The
stru
sub
upo
sun
of w

full)

whi
bey«
Seti
The
the:
inen
wish
of C
the «
ers, |
islan

Du

orgar
prior
ance
that
upon
stopg
temp
Hier
fairs «
clues
betra
trapp
escap
stress
They
of the
easil
home
throu
the re
and f
T
they i


iSrare (beyond disputes amid individuals), there remains
ageneral unease between the two factions, who see each
other as heretics.

TheRise of Linnis

The Setites learned from the downfall of Tanis;
Never again have they so centralized their interests
The surviving mortal population sought to con-
Struct a sister city, called Tinnis, and®with the
subtle guidance of Setite suggestions they sertled
tipon one of Lake. Manzala's: islands_near. their
sunken home to'lay the groundwork. The expanse
Of water surrotinding their new home would hope
fully prevent any future invasions.

Now the city of Tinnis is a'center of commerce,
Which exports textiles sought throughout Egypt and
beyond. It is curfently the only city in Egypt with a
Setite prince, thé great Setepenre;Lord of Tinnis.
The location of the city/and its position in relation to
the sunken Tanis serye to provide Setepenre with an
incredible amount of authority over any Cainite who
Wishes to reach the island city. Although select groups
of Cainites of varying clans have been welcomed into
the city, Setepenre turns away or destroys many oth-
@fs, particularly those who attempt to approach the
island with neither declaration nor invitation

Dish of the Hierophants

The Followers of Set had little in the form of
Organization beyond the relationship of sire and childe
Priortoa thousand years ago. Upon Sutekh's disappear-
ance, his thirteen eldest disciples assembled and agreed
that they must call upon their childer, who must call
upon theirs, and so on, to gather as one at Tanis as a
stopgap measure during what many thought to be S
temporary absence. As the years passed, these
Hierophants ostensibly directed the night+to-night'af-
faits of their own in the city; but after the fall,of Tanis,
Clues pointed to some among their_own number as
betrayers to the beast-men. With six oftheir number
trapped somewhere in the sunken City, the Seven who
escaped urged fora more formalized structure' which
stressed the clan's traditions and the*teachings of Ser.
They saw it as a necessity, for a clan shaken by the loss
6f their god and internal betrayal in Set's name could
easily fall apart. They named Tinnis as their spiritual
home, but they encouraged their childer to travel widely
throughout Egypt as celebrants, and charged them with
the responsibility to re-establish Set's hidden temples
and followers throughout their ancestral lands.

t's

Though the Seven must all agree on any laws before

they impose them upon the Setites, it is Nakhthorheb,

the First Son, who functions as the voice of Sutekh.
Originally a member of Set's mortal tribe, he despises the
need for regulations and strictures, but his knowledge of
Set's motivations forces him to take an active role in
their creation. He feels it a necessary but no less appall-
ing evil to provide regulations to the clan, and clearly
finds his position of leadership uncomfortable yet com-
pulsory. He spends most of his nights away from the
mantle of tesponsibility, hunting the wastes of Lower
Egypr as he-has always.done.

Setepenre, Lord of Tinni§}was:on¢e-a mighty sor-
cerer who served the needs-of Set's tribes He takes a
muchmore tolerantyiewofGainitesthan Nakhthorheb,
arguing forallianceoratleast mutual leaming. Maatkare,
beloved'of the moon, mediates. the frequent disputes
Setepenre \has,,with thé First.Son-sShe is the only
Hierophantamong'the Seven who takes no discernable
side but that which she claims would be most preferred
by Set himself. The rest of the'Seven generally agree,
although sometimes grudgingly, and look to her to serve
as Set's Conscience in most matters,

Decadent Voices

Many Setites fled the site of their clan's betrayal
when Tanis fell, scattering to the deepest deserts. Those
who survived wandered for many years before being
contacted with news of the Seven and the city of Tinnis.
While many returned, a good portion rejected the
summons. After all, organization and acceptance of
elders as leaders had nearly led to the destruction of Set's
most devoted disciples! To repeat the mistake of defer-
ence would be heresy, they reasoned.

The most vocal opponent of Hierophant influence
was the Nuer tribesman Khay'tall, who had long refused
to acknowledge Nakhthorheb's authority. After the
decree of the Seven, Khay'tall openly defied them; he
declared the veneration of iniquity to be the only
acceptable service to the one true god, rather than a
meanis to further Set's wishes. For what is evil, he argued,
but alabel defined bymortalmen:torepresent those who
followed their hearts? He sired many childer to spread his

message-of profligacy;-and°soon_the Decadents were
known fortheit zeal in'sine They gathered primarily in
Constantinople and whispered honeyed intimations
into the ears of many,
dence present in the Roman capital.

The razing of Byzantium's great city in AD 1204
scattered the Decadents. Khay'tall disappeared in the
last nights of the Fourth Crusade, presumably an
unfortunate victim of the Crusaders, but rumors of
assassination endure. Since then the Decadents have
generally looked to the guidance of Khay'tall's childe

sating themselves on the deca-


Sarrasine, who has suggested that the efforts of the
Decadents are best served in the chaos of Europe. He
sent his lieutenant Jules Talbot, a French knight
exiled for infernalism, back to his homeland to set it
aflame with his desire for vengeancesSarrasine en-

courages others'to follow Talbot's lead in paralyzing
the Europeans fromwithin: Although such a plan is
certainly far-fetched, many of the Decadents are too
busy wreaking havoe to care about the consequences.

Points of Contention

Most Followersof Set should be ‘aware of or
involved in the following issues:

Lear Down the Veil

Crusader aggression brought European influence 'to
Egypt; opportunisticSe zed the.
Europeans' need for hieratic instruction in the ways of
Sutekh. A number of Decadents slowly filtered into
European lands over the course of decades, and amidst

ites immediately recogr

the War of Princes they find themselves in position to
strike a blow for their dark god.

The Serpents easily comprehend the inherent
imbalance of the European system of state. To this
end, they wish to make use of the Furores to spread
their message of personal freedom, but they shave
found great frustration in locating the radicals. Cons
tacting the Furores is difficult enough, particularly
because the revolutionaries must exercise caution to
avoid slaughter by vengeful elders. Often the few
Furores who become aware of the Setite agenda ignore
them, forthe Decadent reputation is one of perversion
and decay. Few Furores wish their purposes to be
affected by either.

Prophecies of Set
A proclamationteleasedinAD 1224 by Setepente,

Lord of Tinnis, states that more that6ne-third of the
roughly 300 Prophecies of Set have been demonstra-

bly fulfilled. The announcement sparked renewed
interest in the prophecies, and led to much debate on
the matter among the Followers of Set. Now Setite
pilgrims seek out previously unrecorded prophecies to
share with the clan as a whole, some going so far as to
probe the sunken remains of Tanis for remnants.
Setepenre's call for the further compilation of pro-
phetic fragments has slowly gained acceptance among
those who seek to gain favor with the Seven.

Those who seek the fragments face opposition from
those who wish tosee the fragments destroyed, primarily
fundamentalist Decadents whosee obeisance toany law,
even those passed down by

If, as counter to

everything the Serpents represent. Otherssee the proph-
ecies as warnings rather than instructions, and blame
Hierophant influence for the Setite inclination to force
the completion of prophecy.

Loppling Shariva

Long ago the Arabian progression into Egyptian
lands*replaced the religions-of the Hyksos, the Per-
siansand the Christians with the faithiof the Muslims,
whichithe Followers of Set widely revile. Shari‘a, or
Islamic law, runs counterto everything for which the
Setites stand,'and many mortal) sects that secretly
worshipped the dark god\have been exposed and
slaughtered for-their devotion' An ‘opportunity to
expel Islamic law from Egyptian lands could poten-
tially unite the fractured Serpents.

The Hierophants in particularbelieve that nowis
the time to putrefy the upstart.religion's foothold in
Egypt from both within and without. They seek to
foment infighting between Muslim sects, breed hatred
between Islam and other religions, and create situa-
tions that cause long-lasting ill will for Islam among
the Egyptian populace. Initially the Serpents work to
ease the restrictions imposed by shari‘a to a level they
deem manageable, but they have so far found strong
opposition among mortal clerics and come into direct
conflict with Assamite interests in the region.

When direct subjugation fails, the Setites use much
less conventional methods to achieve their goals. When
Crusaders advance upon Outremer, Setites provide eco-
nomic assistance and aid in the submission of the
conquered populace. In the Crusaders' absence, the
Followers work to create conflict between the Cali-
phates"and Sultanates scattered throughout the area,
whetherby kidnapping heirs to the throne in a manner
that suggests @-rival nation, or inciting forées stationed
near borders to-clash withtheir counterparts over mat'
ters that are-ultimately trivial, Destabilization is their
goal, for if they feel they must force shari‘a to collapse in
upon itself before all knowledge of the dark god is
stamped from their homelands.

Players or Storytellers looking for more information
on shari‘a in the Dark Ages can find it in Veil of Night.

Player's Toolboy

The following hooks might be useful for players
wishing to create Setite characters:
The Murder of Temperance

¢ You run a lucrative trade in the distribution of
medicines and tinctures that can salve the wounds of

ERS.GUIDE TO -

WCLANS -

Al;
the
Ve
bet
you

first
reje
her
pers
proy
they
obli,
the

Zh,

lies |
mor}
byS
You
ther
your:
of fr
retur
‘
case,
of thi
disciy
over
fears;
chica
of nec

The

reinca
stoppe
swept
toppli;


iph-
ame
orce

clan
?er-
ms,
» Or
the
etly
and
1 to
en-

wis
din
£to
red
ua-
ong
kto
hey
ong
rect

uch
hen
sco-
the
the
ali-
tea,
ner
ned
aat-
reir
ein
1 is

ght.

yers

rof

s of

the mortal soul through the extension of awareness.
Yourefrain from the powders that enslave mortals to
Tonging for the drug, for mortal slavery serves Ra's
Prater interests. You constantly seek a way to derive
brew from the waters of the dark river itself that can
provide mortals with a glimpse of Ra's foul hierarchy
in Duat, but you have yet to devise a method that
Tesilts in anything but death.

* Your time in Venice showed you that the city is
@tick which can drain the whole region of resources.
Now you will infiltrate and suborn a whole city led by
Mortals with a capacity for greed as great as Ra himself.
Already the jealous among the mortal rulers look to
the Venetians with envy in their thoughts. Should
Venice suffer the same fate as Constantinople, all the
better — the irony will win you undying fame among
your people.

# There isa vast economy in heresy. You know this
fist-hand, for you have helped fund many nascent
Teections of assumed faith. It is your duty to turn the
heretical thoughts of one into those of many, for each
person who rejects and questions the existing hierarchy
provides less money to the coffers of the select few. Be
they Albigensian, Bogomil or Cathar, it is your fiduciary
Obligation to see them through
the thoughts of both church and men.

or at least present in

The Splendor of Personal Sovereignty

The majority of the mortals are beholden to the
lies of church and state. You choose to expose the
mortal populace to the truth of existence as preached
by Sutekh, inciting a rise against the tyranny of law.
You will show them how to balance the scales, and if
the mortals you teach falter you shall tip the balance
yourself to show them what they miss. Let them taste
Of freedom from lord and faith so they may never
Tetum to a life of slavery.

The apple falls not far from the tre
case, the serpent who offered it. You see the hypocrisy
ofthe Hierophant structure for what it is, as no true
disciple of Sutekh would dare hold the reins of control
Over another. You must find those who share your
fearsand expunge the Serpents who hold their hierar-
thical structure above Set's message, for the falsehood
Ofnecessity often begets the profanity of subjugation.

The Prophecies of Set

* You know in your heart that Frederick II is the
Teincarnation of Alexander. Had Frederick II not
Stopped his expansion in AD 1229, he could have
Swept through the Sultanates and Caliphates of Egypt,
toppling the strict Muslim rulers and providing your

or in this

You need
your ancestors did

people with freedom from the Islamic yoke

to work your way into his court as

in the time of Alexander, perhaps encouraging expan-
sion in the form of another Crusade.

¢ The six missing Hierophants from which the
sect took its name have hidden secrets in their sar-
cophagi. It is well known that the eldest Setites
jealously collected Set's prophecies, or were around to
remember them all; and it is an open secret that the
invasion of Tanis may have occurred in an effort to
silence the Six. If an enterprising Setite such as
yourself could locate even one of the lost Hierophants'
resting places in the sunken city, it would be akin to
unearthing the voice of a god. You would not be the
first to seek this goal, but with luck you will be the last.

Gangrel

Man, like any infant, grows into his prime and
becomes cocky, full of boasting and, blowing. In his Bible
he claims he was given déminion over all the beasts at
creation's dawning. But we remember the first nights,
when he cowered by his fire. All his gods were beasts, and
why not? With sharpened sticks and bits of flint he tried and
failed'to match the graée of the cat's claws and the'strength
of the wolf 'steeth. He dared not so much-as slay a deer
without begging its pardon. Now he grotus impious; and
thinks to tame the eternal wild that gave him life.

We aréthe wild's rebuke, cub. Itis god's blood that chills
your flesh. Prove to me now that I should let Nou keep it,

— Matasuntha the Hun

Otherblood-drinkers often view Gangrel as noth-
ing more than'the beasts they appear to be}sand in
truth the Animals do little to counterthat impression.

Their reputation serves them well. Beasts are fearsome
and mysterious; who would be foolish enough to
question their ways? Most hardly care what the soft,
puling Cainites think of them in any case. But if those
Cainites could only sit at the first night of a Gather
and emerge unscathed (a highly unlikely prospect),
they might come away quite surprised. The Animals
cherish a deep and ancient body of traditional lore.

Quite possibly, the "average" Gangrel knows more of
his forebears' deeds, loves and hatreds than does the
" Ventrue or Brujah.

"av erage
Gangrel histories are long, rich, and often as not,
mutually contradictory. Different branches of the

clan give wildly different accounts of their origins. At
great Gathers where the attending Gangrel hail from

varied traditions, these legends come into competi-
tion — literally. Usually the most skilled storyteller
carries the night, but it's not unknown for the matter
to come to blows between chosen champions

One common legend tells of 2
children." Two of these, Ennoia and Churka, goddess
of the beasts and god of night, respectively, wandered
far from the land of the gods and began to quarrel.
Their quarrel eventually turned into a war, and they
both recruited mortals to fight on their behalf. Ennoia
taught her chosen how to speak with animals and
assume their forms. Over the ages, they became pow

god with many

erful shaman-warriors, protecting their tribes from
enemies both material and spiritual as well as enstiting
bounty in the hunt. Churka, meanwhile, taught his
chosen the ways of deceit and illusion. Ennoia's forces
gained the upper hand, but on the very cusp of victory
two of her most beloved shamans betrayed her, suh-
orned by Churka's wiles. In the manner of Churka's
followers, they-slew their own tribesmenvand drank
their blood, and tempted some of their fellow shamans
to do the same. When Ennoia learned of this, she flew
into a rage and declared that if her chosen wished to
behave likethe people of Churkaj.then they could
share in their fate, From that'night forth, the Gangrel
were cut off fronithe natural world, They had to hide
their faces from the sun and) take Only. blood for
sustenance, and the beasts that had once aided them
now shunned them.

In time, Ennoia repented of her fury. Though she
will never forgive the two traitors Gr those who fled her
sight along with them,/she came to the rest of her
shamans and taught them how they could use their new
powers to.reenact their old gifts of beast-speech-and
beast-formy Some say that a Gangrel who perfects these
arts and»continues'her ancient duty of fighting the
Churka-folk (thatis, the Raynos, the Lhiannan and the
Laibon) may be able to lift Ennoia's curse altogether.

The Einherjar

The All-High of the einherjar may have been, as
some Gangrel snort, of muth more-recent yintage
than he claimed, but highly detailed‘accounts of his
adventures date back at least to New Testament times
Most einherjar believed that he was a sort of high
priest, not Odin himself but an ardent son or disciple
of Odin; he was one-eyed and possessed an enormous
command of the runes, and the wolves and ravens
treated him as a beloved father. There were always a
few, however, who believed the All-High to be the
very god himself, and he never contradicted them. In
any case, all einherjar who hold to the faith of their

ancestors relate that it was Odin who founded their
line. The story goes that the god found a valiant
berserk named Canarl lying on the battlefield, wrongly
outlawed from his people, cursed with a foul rune and
wounded. Impressed by the strength of his battle-rage,
Odin granted him an eternal life without breath in
which to either seek his revenge or find the wisdom of
the Vanir, whichever he might choose. The legend is
silent on Canarl's final choice and fate.

Blood-drinkers of other backgrounds laugh at this
tale, burthey generally take care to do it behind the
einherjar's backs.

Christians and Taifa
ristians and Muslims among the Gangrel (who,
much to the elders' dismay, are fast becoming a plural-

ity) tend to,accept the mythology of Caine much as
other Cainites do. Some attempt to fit the Ennoia/
Churka legend in somehow, usually. by demoting the
pair tochilder or grandchilder of Caine» @thers ignore
Enngia entirely, as well as'the feud with the\Ravnos,
and simply refer to their putative founder as "Mother
Gangrel." Of course; this leaves the Gangrel's beast-
like powers still to be explained:;One account claims
that Caine cursed' Mother Gangrel) forthe sin of
coupling with animals, Another states that Mother
Gangrelwastaken into the Blood against herwill, and
fled the First City to avoid Caine's unwanted atten-
tions; Caine pursued her into the forest, but God took
pity/and granted her the gift of shapeshifting to help
her escape. Yet another claims that Mother Gangrel
swore to drink only the blood of animals, and it was
from this blood that she gained her skills:

Ancient Times

Many of the best-known lineages of Gangrel
trace their ancestry, back to the ancient world.

Maharbaal the Phoenician, godfather of travelers,

amasséd a mountaim6f gold, silver, glass and obsi
ian, squirreled ivall away in a hidden tomb for his
next bout of torpor, and then disappeared in a
shipwreck.— but not before he'd sited childer in
every port then known to man (and possibly a few
Harpalyce Mare-Swift, the
Thracian Amazon and robber-princess, chased each
of her five childer out of her wood with fang and
talon the night after the Embrace, a tradition many
of her descendants carry on. Genger the Centaur,
who taught the Cimmerians to ride and fight on
horseback, is the spiritual forebear of all Gangrel
who have shadowed nomad peoples down through

others besides).

the ages. Some even insist that the clan's present

reve
any
reve
ion.
wea
mak
beai
expl
most


‘d their fame results from a Cainite mishearing can't help a Gangrel who has no great deeds of

valiant of "Gengeroi." Y Sq. her own to report. Indeed, the wider the gap
vrongly Most Gangrel can recite their de- between her accomplishments and theirs,
ine and scent from one of these legendary the worse for her reputation. For this
le-rage, ancestors or others like them. A reason, many young (or constitution-
sath in Gangrel sires typically tell their ally un-heroic) Animals
dom of getnothing, ornext to noth- < (| deliberately leave out the full
gend is ing, at the time of the a . recitation of their descent

Embrace; but later, after when meeting others of
cat this the fledglings have theirkind, awaitingthe

nd the proven themselves, f gem night when they can
show themselves
worthy of it.

The Cult of
Deles
Thecultof Veles

claims no Gangrel prede-
cessor. Many thousands of

their sires contrive
to run into them
again (often at a
\(who, Gather), where they
plural- are rewarded for sur-
uch as vival with the story
nnoia/ of their heritage. Some
ng the Gangrel, however, never en-
ignore counter their sires a second
AavnoSs, time, or never manage to
fother extract the tale. In such cases
beast- itsusually best to make up a
claims lineage, or at the very least to
sin of take a famous elder as one's
fother symbolic ancestor and ex-
ll,and emplar. Indeed, by this time
atten- afair number of the known
dtook lineages may be fabricated
» help Orimproved upon. One can't
ingrel help noticing that a great
it was many of the Gangrel who
feelmostcomfortable dwell-
ing in the cities cite
Maharbaal as their
lineage's founder, for in-
ngrel stance, while huntsmen
rorld. and huntswomen tend to
elers, claim Harpalyce and bar-
bsid' arian warriors call
mr his themselves children of
in @ Genger.
er in
a few
the
each

years ago, some Gangrel
must have begun that cult,
but her name hardly mat-
ters now. Indeed, many
priests of Veles go nameless
to all but their most inti-
mate associates. Notall who

seve the god are Gangrel
he does sometimes choose
Tzimisce toattendhim, and,
far more rarely, Cainites of
other clans may show the
marks of destiny. Moreover,
many of the Cainite courts of
the Slavic lands revere Veles,
at least superficially. They
receive his priests, pay due

homage and sacrifice at the
appointed season and in-
voke his name when
swearing their most sa-
cred oaths.
Still, Gangrel make
up the greater part of
Veles' priesthood. The
female Cainites who
serve him are called
Veela, and have a repu-
tation for exceptional
savagery. Like
Valkyries, they choose
which warriors live and
which fall, and they

While most Gangrel
fevere lineage as deeply as
any Ventrue, they don't
fevere itin the same fash-
ion. It's not blood or
Wealth of domain that
makes a Gangrel fore-
bear illustrious, but
exploits. But even the
mostsuccessful ancestors

yand
nany
taur,
ton
igrel
ugh
sent


4£ WiLD HUNT

GB hough Veles' priests are not the only fell
~ creatures to practice the Wild Hunt, it
takes an uncommonly central role in their faith.
The quarry might be friend or foe, mortal, Cainite
or something else entirely; for the Hunt's most
sacred rule is that the prey may only be chosen by
divination. To use any other method would be to
impose judgment where there should be none. All
mortal explaining and tale-spinning aside, the
Wild Hunt follows no discernable logic or justice.
It obeys no law or wish of man. It simply is.

A priest of Veles, usually a male Gangrel who
can take the shape of a wolf or bear, embodies the
god in his hunter aspect during each Hunt; once a
year, in a special version of the rite, another male
priest assumes the shape of a stag, boar or fox and
embodies the god in his prey aspect, "dying" to
ensure the cycle's continuation. Rarely, in times of
great need, prey-priests may even give their heart's
blood in sacrifice. In any case, the prey always
senses the Hunt from the moment it starts. If it can
survive three days and nights, then it will be
spared; holy ground or holy relics can also some-
times put an end to the Hunt

also make fiérce warriors andvhunters, themselves,
especially skillful with the/bow! Veles® male ‘priests
don'tenjoythesame fame asthe Veela; but they're just
as numerous and just as likely to o¢cupy positions of
leadership.in the cule

Veles is the god of the underworld magic and the
hunt, offhorned animals and also oftrade and oaths.
He sometimes wears the head ofa wolf; sometimes the
horns of a stag, ram, or bull; and on yetotheroccasions
appears as a great water-serpent. He is hunter and prey
in one. Some mortals have begun éalling himby anew
Christian namie, St. Blas, and appeal to hit to protect
their flocks and herds. Othetsndw-equate him with
the Devil. Although Veles' Gangtebate"used to infi-
dels insulting their god, they sometimes take personal
offense at the turning-away of their mortals, and exact
suitable punishments.

Cainite worship of Veles originally began in the

Slavic lands, but journeying Gangrel soon brought it

to other places as well. They caught strong echoes of
their lord in the Baltic god Velnias and the Norse god
Odin. (In fact, the priests of Veles often treat the
einherjar as a lost and erring outgrowth of their faith.)
In the British Isles, Hu Gadarn, Gwynn ap Nuad and

SS

+ PLAYERS,

Herne the Hunter were masters of the wild; in Gaul,
Dispater and Cernunnos; in the Mediterranean, Pan
and Faunus. Wherever they went, Veles' chosen
founded new cults, taking on the local names and
folkways. Their traditions mingled not always
easily — with those already established by the natives.

Meanwhile, the priests also found a welcome of
sorts with the Cainite lords of their own homeland
Ancient legend claims that the Tzimisce founder, in
return forséeret wisdom, struck a bargain with Mother
Earth Herself and paid the price for it out of his own
flesh. He swore himself and all his progeny to the
eternal duty. of protecting the land that empowered
him and the mortals whose blood and lives sustained
him, Though dead himself, he would be the humble
Servant of life. The Tzimisce Shaper-priests of the
Mother beeame the self-appointed guardians of this
pact; reminding the voivodes of their duties and read-
ing theOmens. The priests of Veles also.told omens
from the Spirits of nature, and they too had ariinterest
in protecting thé land, though they concerned them-
selvesalmost exclusively withthe wild; While the two
cultsnever formallyallied, theyexchanged favors and
occasionally cooperated in pressuring,the impious to

at least prétend'to honor the-gods.

The Rise of Civilization

Though the Animals like to grumble about the
cities and empires thar human industty, built —
rising, cresting and then falling only to give way to
successor states)—— in truthythey benefited greatly
from eivilization.. Most-human_ communities had
been-small and*insular up toy that pointy Even
fiomads usually simply followed game on its peram-
bulations through.a set territory;sonly migrating
when pressured. But when Sumeria, Egypt
Phoenicia, Greece, Rome, Byzantium and the
Muslim caliphates each achieved their greatness in
turn, they also instituted/trade networks. Mortals
took to the roads in theretofore unheard-of num-
roads that, ‘often as not, wound through
Gangrel domaincon theirway from one noteworthy
place to another. Gangrel who felt the wanderlust
come upon them now had a great many more
destinations to choose from, a hundred fascinating

Bers.

tales to pursue. Childer who would have chosen to
fight their own sires for territory rather than risk
the possibility of an aimless journey through wastes
barren of human prey now routinely left and staked
out domains far and wide

The great cities themselves held a wealth of prey;
but predators who had arisen within them and knew

a i a

UIDETO -

aS
> "LOW C a PL

th
th
th
m
rig
ne
sce
qu
foc
col
th

sce
thr
ma
the
dor
pro
pac
any
whi
resi
the
ny
the
Ale
res

Ma

agai
wat}
whg
the,
botl
dev;
hav)
mun
Afte
offer
worl
thei)
Gan
inte!
unde

Me

tellir
Gan;
shak:
still


Tey,
nAew

their ways already claimed them as domain. For all
their strength, the Animals usually failed to sei
these territories away. On the other hand, they had
Mich to offer in exchange for temporary huntir
fights during their periodic visits. They could bring
news from far and near; they could also serve as
Scourges, tracking down uninvited Cainites. Princes
@uickly learned that as long as they didn't make any
foolish attempts to demand formal submission, they
could usually rely on the Gangrel who approached
them to hold to any arrangements agreed upon

Notall princes realized, however, thatthe Gangrel
Scourges tended to wave strangers of their own' blood
through, or that the Gangrel talebearers oftén "re?
mained silent about their own brethren's doings. And
there were many Animals yet — some who claimed
domain over country villages or nomadic tribes, some
proud vagabonds*— who had no interest in making
pacts witheity princes at all. Their loyalty, ifthey had
any, was to their herds and to those fellow Gangrel
Who had notstrayed too far from the "old ways?-They
fesisted one world-conquéror-after another as best
they could In the countryside around Ebla they fought
in Vain against the Akkadianand Hittiteinvaders;in
the wild lands of Asia Minor they tried totepel
Alexander's advance; in the lands of the Getae they
fesisted first the Egyptians, thenthéPersians, then the
Macedonians, then the: Romans:

When the Romans saéked Carthage, and then
again when the barbarian tribes Sacked Rome, Gangrel
Wairiorstode with the invading forces— often Gangrel
Who had seen their tribes slaughtered or bted out by
thecdlonizing imperials and wanted revenge. And on
both occasions, the\Brujah and Ventrue lords of the
devastated cities accused their own local Gangrel of
having sided with the enemy. In:fact many had kept
Mum about'the dangers they knew, to\be looming.
Afterall, offend a princéand you must flee his city, but
offend your fellow wanderers‘anid nowhere in the
World is safeanymore. Other\Animals:had warned
their lieges but seen their concerti' waved away.
Gangrel Were fit to bear tales‘and catty letters, not to
interpret their political meaning. What could they
understand of the affairs of their betters?

Matasuntha

Young Gangrel boast that they can sing songs
felling all there is to know about Matasuntha. When
Gangrel who actually date from her age hear this, they
Shake theirheads and change the subject. The matter's
still politically tender.

The tale runs like this: In the year AD 400,
Matasuntha the Hun called a Grand Gather and put
down all challengers, thus gaining mastery of the
entire clan. Then she led them on a massive revel
across Europe, slaughtering and hunting, openly flaunt-
ing hermonstrous nature, terrorizing the dying Empire
with her tigress ferocity. Then just as suddenly as she
had appeared, she disappeared. Her forces scattered to
the winds

Inttith, Matasuntha did call a Grand Gather and
did convince much of the clan to attend. Her name
was not the most famous among the ancient ancestors,
but enough Animals either knew her legend orclaimed
descent from her that they felt duty-bound to go. And
6f those\who attended, all but a craven few honored
the terms of the challengers' defeat and joined he
However, there were many elders who deliberately
chosé novto go to the Gather, despite her venerable
status. They knew that if they went,.they would be
defeated and compelled»t6 follow whatever agenda
she might chose.

Matasuntha's miystérious rampage against civili-
zation in general lasted only three years..During that
time, countless mortalsand a number of Gainites on
both sidésmettheir deaths. Although the youngsters'
tales usually blame the Churka-folk for spiriting
Matasuntha offwith their enchantments, elders of the
era know that she accepted a challenge from a
Methuselah ofuncertain clan, andithat they climbed
to the top of a-remote peakito fight their battle, and
that great storms lashed the whole area for the next
few weeks?

Her lieutenants tried to settle the-question of
leadership quickly-with a handful of individual com-
bats. But by-that time Cainites ‘of otherelans had
marshaled their strength and theshorde crumbled
under combined external and internal pressures; no
one wanted to answer to the other blood-drinkers for
a-ctusade whose motivation they themselves didn't
entirely understand:Bven now, feudssometimes arise
between Gangrel who rode with Matasuntha and
those whovavoided her?The former accuse the latter
of cowardice and disdain for ancestors. The latter
snarl that they saw no reason to follow a bewitched
lunatic; the entire episode served only to prove to the
Cainites what mindless beasts all Gangrel are.

Some say that Matasuntha has recently returned
to the world of men. A few claim actually to have seen
her. What she might do now, and to whom, has kept
many a Gather lively with speculation


The Dark Ages

No sooner had the Western world seemingly
ended with the fall of Rome than it began to build
itself again in new forms. The Gangrel adapted
themselves to the new circumstances better than
most. They had lost comparatively little when the
dream of global Empire died; it was never really
their dream. They struck the same bargains with
the Cainite masters of Italian city-states and
Carolingian capitals that they had with the Cainite
governors of Roman settlements:

TheRise and Fall of the Einberjar

In Scandinavia, the V
shadow, the einherjar, reached their apex of glory.
They sacked Ireland, Paris, London, Canterbury,
Algeciras, Constantinople — the last a benchmark
for any self-respecting-invader but' they also
exchanged wealth, both'commercial and cultural,
with other civilizationsand seeded their childerfar
and wide. Often these childér turned away from the
worship of Odin, or converted to its.nearest local
equivalent, but they carried forward many of the
other einherjar traditions»The einherjar impressed
their fellow Gangrel wherever they went with their
ferocity and their historic, heroic*resistance to
assimilation Here, many Animals thought, was a
branch of the clan that had*never been tamed,
never been lured away from its ancient shamanic
dutieseIn retrospect, this Was amore romantic than
But the fact remains'that for
several hundred years,

/ikings and their vampiric

realistic assessment
einherjar culture was ad-
mired andimitated throughout much of the.clan

In AD 1112, however, mortal missionaries in
Sweden finally-had the popular support'to do what
they had yéarned to for 80 long. Armed with torch
and faith, they burned down the hall of the All-
High at Uppsala. A Ventrue lotd named Sundafyllir
claims to have the ashes of the All-High in a jar in
his treasury, leading to a numberof challenges from
furious young einherjar that, so-fatyshe*has. won
Since no Walkiire or elder has come forward to fight
Sundafyllir,
lying. But perhaps many of them are dead or in
hiding themselves. In any case, while the disap-
pearance of the All-High isn't itself enough to
doom the sea-wolves, it does mark the beginning of
their decline; and however much Sundafyllir and
his ilk might like to take credit, it seems the kine
and their new God bear true responsibility.

much of Europe assumes that he is

+ PLAY

OW Cl

(See Wolves of the Sea for more information
on the einherjar.)

DVeles' Chosen

Meanwhile, in Eastern Europe and Russia, an
occult war has raged for the last few centuries. The
Tzimisce always laid formal claim to the holiest sites
in the land — hilltops where earth and sky touched,
river sources, waterfalls and hot springs, ancient trees
blackened-by lightning-stroke, and so forth. But
Gangrel, especially the cult of Veles and its smaller

tival cult of Perunn, did much of the actual work of
protéecting»and maintaining those sites. They also
watched, warily, as their mortals turned away from old
gods. Fortunately, the mortals usually continued to
treat the sites themselves with respect; but sometimes
they defiled the holy places by building churches to
theirnew Savior there, and sometities a
or bishop took it into his head to vandal
ancient monuments. Now/all.such assaults could be
stopped; especially not without drawing the full wrath
of the Church down onthe heads of all the vampyri.

lous priest

‘or destroy

Asa result, the Gangrel initially paid little heed to
the smallsclutches of human wizards who had built
manor houses in Or near Certain remote holy places. But
then troubling omens appeared and the spirits com
plained, and finally somé spirits ceased to answer at all
The Tzimisce Shaper-priests, too, and the koldwn who
tapped the earth's power for their magic (or raped the
earth of it, depending on inclination), noticed some
thing amiss. They didn't sleep as well as they once did
Even the soil-on which they sleptseemed,to have lost
some Of its revitalizing power. The priests of Veles felt
their god's anger, and under his influence they became
uncommonly rapacious, but no amount of spilled blood
was enough to propitiateyhim.

At last they realized that the human wizards, the
Tremere,
drained the land of strength just as a vampire drained
mortals of blood, By the time the priests and koldun
were able to move theirwoivodes to action; however,
Some of theJ
"dead water" and
become vampires themselves. Nor did they intend toy
be displaced without a fight. Thus the Omen War wai
joined. (See p. 59 for more on the Omen War.)

were the.trouble's source; the Tremere]

things had gone from™bad to worse
wizards had stolen the gift of the

Although the Gangrel continue to serve as coura:
geous foot soldiers, scouts, and generals in the Omen
Vv
either their Tremere enemies or their T
lies." Indeed, the Tremere have captured some of the
Gangrel sent against them, mostly scouts, and used

ar, they've received precious little satisfaction from

zimisce "al?

thei
nati
whe
they

Bi

mat)

Lh

invi)
Spai
fathi
thre
insul
outst
went
from
bega

q

have
the\
Berb
were
alrea
tradi)
religi
begai
radic
their
betwi
ous th
confl
virule
the fi
could
The1
sula, ¢
all be

N
Almo
Alfon
coalit
disint
Ill ha
and s
great-
—cal
of the
small

their very flesh and blood to create yet a new abomi-
Ration — the so-called Gargoyles, vicious creatures
iwhose fury and bravery the Gangrel might admire if
they weren't so plainly bred to servility

Points of Contention

The following are some of the most pressing
Matters demanding Gangrel attention in AD 1230:

The Reconquista

When the sons of the late Visigoth king Witiza
invited the Arabs and Berbers across the straits into
Spain to help them defeat the man who'd seized their
father's throne, they unwittingly opened the door to a
thiee-centuries-long Muslim domination of their pen-
insula. This domination met with resistance from the
Outset, however, and with increasing success as time
Went by. Tiny Christian strongholds in the north grew
from vassal states into powerful kingdoms, and*then
began theif inexorable adVance

Some of the deepest wounds to Clan Gangrel
have been dealt out in Iberia. Gangrel dwellédamong
the Visigoths and Hispano-Romans, and also with the
Berbers and Arabs. Although both groups of Gangrel
Were still largely pagan in the 8th.century, they had
already developed their own mutually ifreconcilable
faditions: Andas the mortals continitied to fight their
Teligious war, Animal followers ofthe one true God
began ito appear: Some of jthem>were converts,
Tadicalized by war; others were neonates clit
their Kine faith. When the Crusades began; relations
Between Christian and Muslim became more poison-
Ousthanever, While Gangrel had certainly come into

ng ito

Conflict with each other before, this was a particularly
Mirulent clash of cultures, skin, colors and beliefs. For
the first time in manya long memory, the Animals
Couldn't even"agtee to stay out ofeach other's way
The Templars and Hospitalers moved into the penin-
Sula, andwere soon imitated by native Spanish orders,
all bent on slaughtering the infidels.

The
Almohad Empite's military might was. crushed by
Alfonso VIII, leading a rare five-kingdom Christian
Coalition, in AD 1212 at the Navas de Tolosa. Now it
disintegrates politically as well. Meanwhile, Fernando
MP has reunited Castile and Leon under his scepter,
and shows every intention of following up on his
Preatuncle's victory. The Muslim Gangrel of Spain
Saalled the Taifa by other Muslim Cainites because
Of their tendency to support the mortal overlords of
Small independent states rather than the Almoravids

Muslim-power now wanes. alarmingly

and Almohads — find themselves caught between
Scylla and Charybdis. If they band with their co-
religionistsamong the Childer of Haqim and Lasombra,
they risk being treated as inferiors, mercenaries or
tributaries; but their Christian clanmates (and even
the remaining Visigothic-pagan Gangrel) would ex-
pect them not only to submit to the Reconquista but
also to convert as the price of peace.

(See Veil of Night for more information on Gangrel
and other Cainites in the Muslim lands, or Iberia by
Night formorte information on the Spanish peninsula.)

The Fall of Veles

Like the*test of the old Cainite order east of the
Danube, the priests of Veles now find themselves
embattled on several fronts. While the Orthodox
Church doesn't boast its own formal order of monster-
hunters like the Roman Church, it still stamps out
pagan evils wherever it hearSof them. The
Swordbrothers of Livonia and the Teut6nie, Knights
harass the Baltic peoples, converting them with steel
and fire: The Tremere ¢lan has risen to prominence,
fulfilling. many a.dark prophecysen route, {and all
attempts to cut the Cancer ourseem doomed to failure.
The Ventrue continuéto encroachifrom the west.
The

years wear on; they-don't seem to understand the

zimisce prove lessand less reliable agalliesas the

connection between their failures of faith and duty
and their slow, ignominious fall. Worst ofall, some of
the priests themselyes have begun)to falter. In their
eagerness. to defeat their many enemies, they break
ancient taboos, such as the prohibition against calling
a Sacred Hunt for personal benefit. Their nights are
numbered; even if they survive the Tremere, the
Ventrue and the Crusaders, theit god may well desert
them....or perhaps he hitnself is dying.

(See Chapter Fivefor more information on
Slavic paganism.)

Player's Loolbor
The following is‘a-selection of "seed" ideas for
involving @Gangrel character more closely! with is-

sues concerning the clan as a whole:

The Death of Paganism

¢ Your sire was born to an animistic nomad
people; long since destroyed or tamed. He seeks
vengeance against those he holds responsible, and

you have the choice of either following him on his
pointless vendetta or breaking from him, which


could stigmatize you among elders who feel exactly
as he does.

* You are a Veela saddled with the responsibil-
ity of cajoling a degenerate Tzimisce voivode to
fulfill his religious and Omen War duties, which
involves you in far more venomous internal Tzimi
politics than suits your taste. Now the voivode's
self-indulgence has attracted the Church's atten-
tion — do you play into the Christians' hands by
urging him to hide for survival's sake, or do you let
him continue his sybaritic ways and risk seeing
everything go up in flames?

© You are a devout Christian, perhaps even a
Lupetto di Gubbio (see Chapter Five). You try to lead
your pagan clanmates by example, but so far a decade
of turning the other cheek has netted you little besides
arepeatedly bloodied cheek, and even other Christian
Gangrel accuse you of making Christianity look like a
coward's faith.

© You dwell in the contada outlying an Italian city,
where the nominally Catholic peasants treat you as a
patron wood-spirit and propitiate you in all sorts of
helpful ways — in return for which you assure their pigs
bountiful pannage and even drive game toward their
poachers in times of famine. Now you've offended the
Lasombra prince, who's decided to send a zealous priest
to harass your mortals into giving up their heathen
remnants. What even the prince doesn't realize is that
the priest belongs to the shadow Inquisition.

The Omen War

 Youare an ex-Crusader of the Teutonic Knights
whose band unwisely attacked a Tremere chantry; the
attack failed, but a Gangrel scout in the area rewarded
your bravery with the Embrace. Apparently he's la-
boring under the delusion that bec:
the Tremere, you automatically sympath
infidel agenda...

ause you still hate
with his

¢ While wandering on the border between the
expanding Mongol empire and the Tzimisce-domi-
nated lands, you happen across a very out-of-place
Tremere riding throu
what he's up to. It turns out he's meeting with one of

the waste and decide to see

the Anda to negotiate a possible pincer strategy for
crushing what remains of the Tzimisce
What do you do — try to kill the Tremere emissary
and frame the Anda for it, follow him back to Vienna
to spy on the matter some more, call a Gather to deal
with the problem, or work to convince other clans in
the threatened area to listen to you? (See Chapter
Three for more information on the Anda.)

"empire."

S.C

The Churka-Folk

¢ You have a personal grudge against a brood of
Ravnos. In the process of trying to get help against
them, you've become furiously indignant about your
clan's overall failure to pursue their supposedly eternal
foe for the last thousand years or so. Changing this
state of affairs is your new raison d'étre. Eventually you
hope to raise a Gangrel force to go to India, perhaps
under cover of a Christian crusade against the new-
born Delhi sultanates. (In AD 1230 this is a damned
distant possibility; as recently as 1218, however, the
maritime states of Europe were seriously planning to
use the Crusades as a way of opening up trade routesto
the riches of India, and you don't see why this hope
can't be revived.)

* You've traveled to Iberia and been amazed at
the rancor between different branches of the clan
there. A Christian consanguinus tells you almost off
handedly that the Taifa Gangrel know where Laibon
dwell in the Berber lands, but she would take it asa
dire insult if you approached them in friendship to ask
for that information.

© You're a Saxon Gangrel dwelling in the British
Isles. Recently you came across a Lhiannan skulking
about in a remote village. The other Gangrel you talk
to seem to feel that since you discovered her, she's
yours to handle; perhaps they suspect you of lying to:
draw their support for some vendetta. You could easily
attract the bishop's attention to the Savage, but asa
pagan yourself, you have mixed feelings about that
course. Or, knowing that there'salsoa ruined mithraeum
there, you could mention to Mithras's resurgent band
of followers that they should come out and reclaim
this fine old shrine.

Malkavians

This evening as I came upon your Highness' fair
palace, the moon peeked out from behind a cloud. When
I saw it, I laughed till the hills rang. As mighty as you are,
milord, can you do this?

— Wiftet the Simple, (successfully) explaining
why Lord Jiirgen should hire a jester

Other Cainites complain of the Malkavians that
nothing definite can be said about any of them, ever.
Ofcourse, this iscompletely untrue. Volumes could be
written about any particular Madman; the trouble
comes when one then tries to extrapolate to the clan
as a whole. Would-be historians of the Cainite race
become especially frustrated when they sit down to
write their Malkavian chapters. They may be used to

aa a

> = a —

UIDETO - —

bu
th
ter
"S|

wa

fou
mc
ins
tw
the

evi
tio
no}
g0¢
wai
gor
get
beg

det
his
sha
we}
lea
die

"ert
to]
hac
gra
mo
wh,
Ma
dor
wo!
lon

thir

refi
not
fack
you
nig
saic
whi
sect

Betting conflicting accounts from conflicting sources,
Dutusually each source at least agrees with itself/For
their part, the Madmen tend to greet irritated ar-
fempts topin clan history down with furtherirritation:
™30," they ask, "you would father. hear a straightfor-
Ward lie than a complicated truth, is that it?"

Origins

iihiose Malkavians who Girectly speak of théit
founder at all often claim that he was more ‘than
Mortal even before gaining the Blood. Indeed, some
Insist that he was one of God's own angels, part of the
two-thirds host that put down Lucifer's tebellion; he
then met his own private Fall, seduced bya childe of
Chine whose eyes burned with, the lust to-corrupt
every good thing. Others, perhaps fearing condemna-
tion for blasphemy, speak of Malkav-as an-oracle—
Nota god himself but one whose body and.mind the
Bods invaded to give their auguries. Whoeverbe really
Was, all agree that he possessed more wisdom than was
Good for him, more than he possibly couldbear-to-
Bether with the Curse of Caine. Still, they say inthe
beginning he was not mad

How he came to be mad is also a matter of some
debate. The generally accepted story is that he abused
his gift of prophecy to his own ends, telling false or
Shaded visions to the rest of the Thirteen, until they
Were quite literally at each» others'»throats. Caine;
Tearing of this only when his most beloved/had néatly
died because of it, cursed Malkay with insanity. Since
Malkay delighted in telling.a thousand different
Mniths," never again would the real truth come either
fo him or from him with the singular clarity it once
had. Instead, he would have to scrabble for every last
#iain of it, picking fragments here and there out of a
Mountain of dross, never knowing for certain that
What he grasped now was whathe sought. This, say the
Madmen, is why none of them possess ultimate wis-
dom despite all their gifts. Malkay triesto whisper the
Wonders he sees into their hearts, but he's simply no.
longer capable of telling a sttaight story

Some Malkavians give a different account of
things. They claim that Caine angered Lilith his wife
by spurning her swarm of monstrous children ‘and
Telusing to allow them haven in his domains. "Have 1
hot taught you better than your father\Adam or his
father the Almighty ever did, and haye I not dried
your own children's tears, and sang to soothe them at
Hight when the Beasts in their hearts howled?" she
said. Then she went to the bedchamber of Malkav.—
who of all Caine's progeny had most desited hér
Secrets — and she dropped a terrible truth into his

mind just as one would drop a pebble into a clear pool.
The reflections of his thoughts scattered into a jumble
and Never again coalesced. The things he muttered,
howled and cried:disturbed Caine so greatly that the
Dark Father sent Saulorand Set to soothe him into
quiet. But Set came away more than half mad himself,
and Saulot was so shaken that he headed east into the
unknown countries, seeking wisdom powerful enough
to kill'the fears Malkay had stirred in him. Caine then
had Malkay's tongue burnt out so he would no longer
hayé to listen:

The Coronati

Most Malkavians aren't much for reciting lin-
Instead. of ancestors they have the Coronati,
three' of Malkay's childer who serve alternately as
guardiarvangelsand asbogeymen. When the Madmen
find themselves gripped by a particularly nightmarish
bout. of dementia, they beg for the Plague-Bride,
temple-whore of the First City, to come and comfort

eages

them; but afterward they curse her for the new seeds of
madness she leaves behind in their souls. The Clever
Prince makes a useful ally when his deceptions are
directed at one's enemies, but to attract his curious
attention to Oneself is an ill fate indeed. And as for the
Nameless One who devours all things lost and forgot-
ten — treasurés, legends, word: the Malkavians
pray for him»to only devour their fevers.

Elders among thé Malkavians claim that the rea-
son-none of their.visions have turned up Malkav's
resting place is thathehas no one resting place. He was
torn apart, like Osiris, by a jealous brother after the fall
of the Second City. The one who dismembered him
did notdrink his blood for fear of contracting his curse.
The pieces of his flesh were spread far and wide, and
the sun reduced them to ash, but his heart's blood
seeped into the earth, where it couldn't be touched by
the fire. The next night his three childer came and
partook of the red earth, not to steal his power but to
save him; Then they parted forever so no one killer
could slay them in a stroke and bring their father to
death again. The blasted spot where he fell can be
found still, the Madmen insist, in the lands of the

Saracens — as unholy a place as Jerusalem is holy.

Ancient Nights

After the fall of the Second City, Malkavians, like
other Cainites, made their way to its daughter-states.
Many of the city names of this era are forgotten to
those who learn all their history from Scripture, but
the Madmen remember: Uruk, Kish, Kutu, Lagash,
Eridu, Ur, Umma, Akkad, Ebla, Emar, Ugarit, Nippur,


Susa, Ashur, Nineveh. There was also Great Babylon
herself, of course, where the Tower of Babel fell and
the original language of men and angels was hope-
lessly confused. A clan legend tells that Duma, angel
of silence, entrusted each of seventy-seven Madmen
with a small portion of the First Tongue, but strictly
warmed them against uniting the portions before the
time of the Gehenna. (Skeptics point out that it's
unlikely there even were seventy-seven Malkavians
that long ago; but needless to say this argument makes
scant impression on believers.)

Not all these ancient cities were shepherded by
those who now call themselves High. Despite their
curse of madness, the get of Malkav ruled many of
them. Ofall Cainites, they were most adept at posing
as what the ancient Semites called the baalim, the
city-gods — creatures who were by nature powerful,
generous and wise, yet fickle and rapacious according
to the moment. They hid in the sanctums of the
ziggurats, or paced around the delightful spiral stair-
cases the Babylonians devised, allowing their own
tortured thoughts to unwind. They drank the blood of
the animal offerings, and often of direr sacrifices made
in times of mortal sorrow. They taught the priests how
to read the stars or the spilled guts of a sheep or goat;
they also taught the common worshipers how to mold
little household gods out of clay and to listen to the
tiny voices of counsel or warning that proceeded from
the niche in the wall

As the eldest Madmen usually tell it, the
Malkavians lost ground to their imitators. The Ventrue,
the Brujah, the childer of Haqim and of Set all coveted
what the Malkavians possessed. After all, it was com-
fortable indeed to be baal in such a place as Nippur,
where the walls of the temple were glazed in eight
different colors and the perimeter fires could be seen
blazing from miles away even in the dead of night
where precious gems were set into the platform and
aromatic balms sweetened the charnel-smell of the
place of sacrifice. But none of these envious Cainites
possessed the true touch of the Moon (even the
Cappadocians could only speak with the dead, and
most of them had no interest in guiding whole cities
full of stupid living folk).

In Egypt the Followers of Set instituted their own
cults; their obsession with the afterworld and the
possibility of apotheosis shaped the nascent religion of
the area. In the Sabaean lands, the childer of Hagim
tried to become mukkarib, priest-kings; and when they
largely failed, they turned their talents to astrology
instead, telling the will of the moon, sun and stars to
human sovereigns through this method. The

Malkavian elders speak of th fforts with approval,
salted with a hint of condescension.

The Ventrue, however, took a wilier tack. They
went to the ensi, the mortal priest-kings who served)
the baalim of Mesopotamia, and offered their own and
their mortals' services as lugal — military command
ers. The priest-kings, busy with internal concems,
were often more than happy to accept the offer. The
lugal warlords served well, conquering neighboring
states and enriching their cities with the wealth and
slaves such conquest brought. But then they used thé
leverage gained from their exploits to steal away the
people's loyalty and usurp the place of the ensi, first
subordinating them and then subsuming them ene
tirely. Many a baal awoke from torpor tofinda Ventnué
ruling his city as/enst-lugel! or employing acai
mortal to do so

The religious authorities were, perhaps for the
first time in human history, completely subject t
military power, and the Malkavians' nights as gods
princes were over. They became permanent outsiders)
Even such famous divine impersonators as thé
Dionysian (and the twin "Orphic brothers" who helped
him suborn the Bacchanalian mystery cults of olf
Greece) succeeded in gaining only a fringe following
among mortals. The Ventrue saw to it that such "gods!
were held in horror by all right-thinking citizens of the
empires, and that most kine favored the orderly pan
theons which suited the Warlords' own tastes

Carthage

Yet the Malkavian patriarchs and matriarchs save

their worst rancor not for the Ventrue, but for thé
Brujah. They charge that the Brujah of Carthage
instituted the rites of Baal-Hammon, the burning
bronze god that devoured firstborn children alivg
while priests shrieked and stabbed themselves ina vile
sham of divine lunacy. Their objection to these rites
centers not so much on the human sacrifice itself buff
on its utter uselessness. The Brujah had no true oracles
togive in return for this sweetest of offerings, and sineé
the children were burned, even their blood went td
waste. The whole thing was simply a cynical exercisé
in crowd control — a way for mortals in desperatt
straits to feel they were doing something about theirill

fortune, so that they would not take their desperationiy

out on their Cainite "brethren." For their part, thé

Brujah, to the extent that they acknowledge thel

reality of child-sacrifice in Carthage at all, tend fa
blame Baali infiltration. (And as for the Baali then
selves, those few Cainites who hear of the Malkaviany

oS

RESRG SS OZ

B33

=
o

go


Nights as baalim and ask about a possible connection.
feceive, for once, only stony silence in answer.)

Thusit was Tryphosa, the Malkavian seéress, whose
Words of warning finally spurred decadent old Pritice
Camilla of Rome to strike at Carthage. The great'city
Was sacked and burned, the earth salted, and the Brujah
dream of dwelling in communion with the kinekilled —
asthe Malkavians insist it had to be, for it was alwaysa
mad dream. And the mantle of empire passed to Rome:
to the Ventrue, Lasombra' and-Toreador. Those
Malkavians whose talents ¢ould-beereliably turned to
prophecy contented themselves with this role. They
were no longer powerful in their own right, but'the
Powerful still heeded them. However, many Madmen
titherhad no insight to give or had no interest ifi'giving
itto those who didn't have to pay thesame pricefor it
They wandered the wastes, bereft\of company, "with
Only the jackals to pity them and only thewights tohear
their cries," as a very old clan saying goes.

The Advent

The Madmen took a greater interest than most of
theircontemporaries in legends of Yeshua, the Galilean
Who supposedly rose from death after three days. His
ihinistry commanded their admiration. He was deeply
eccentric; he usually made his points obliquely; with
Stories and jokes, and seemed to delight'in,confusing
people, answering even trick questions from Pharisees
With deft aplomb. A particular clutch of Malkavians
had visions that suggested this man was in fact Malkav
tebom, and traveled to Judeayto see him in person:
One of these was a former sandal-maker, name
Andreas, who later wrote a gospel in which the Savior
feportedly charged him to find Father Caine and
tedeem him with the true light of faith. Andreas
hasn't been heard from since, at least outside his
Clanmates' dreams. But his gospel gave rise to a move-
Ment that has never completely died, out; it's also
influenced later groups such as the Crooked Cros:
Military-religious order which claims to serve' the
Trinity of Caine the Father, Jesus the Son'and Malkay
the Holy Ghost

By AD 1230, most Madmen, having been born in
the Christian era, react with outright horror to the
idea of Jesus as the reincarnation of any Cainite
Much less the craziest one of the bunch)A few havé
even dedicated themselves to the extermination of
the so-called Apostles of the Reborn Malkay. Other
Malkavians, however, reject any connection between
their founder and Christ but do believe in Andreas'
holy mission to find Caine. Rumors suggest thatthese
latter Madmen may have joined forces with others —

mostly Lasombra and Cappadocian sages — who
followa similar quest to bring Christian redemption to
the Dark Father. After all, if the blood of the Lamb
could save alltiankind from Adam's sin, why could it
not save the-Cainites from Caine's?

The Dark Ages

Alas, Jesus of Nazareth brought about not only a
new hope for Andreas, but a new world power as well
and that power had scant patience for any wisdom
that didn't issue from its own priesthood. Pious Em-
péror Theodosius shut down the oracle at Delphi,
allowing local scoundrels to pillage it and quarry it for
stones In, Cainite.society, too, the attitude toward
their residenrGracles shifted. Once upon a time even
Hardestadt had feared to tread too near Hunawilja's
cave without hisleave. Now, though he still consulted
Hunawiljaforauguries, he thought nothing of calling
the seer-to heel at court just like his other subjects.
Fewer and fewer Malkavians were able to command
superstitious awe, or even a healthy fear, with their
babblings. ‘Luckily, the clan has never been less mu-
table than the times, and the Madmen adapted.

In this eta of new humiliation, many Malkavians
began tohide their heritage. Of course, a fairnumber had
hevet acknowledged Malkav in the first place because
they fancied"themselves gods or demons or ghosts or
mortals, not vampires. But now even some who knew
better denied the taint in their blood. No few lineages of
Toreador" and "Brujah" have shaped the affairs of great
domains for several generations without anyone (some-
times even themselves) realizing the lie. After all, most
Cainites goalittle mad with time, and notall Malkavian
insanities are as obvious as generally thought. On occa-
sion these hidden lineages must fend off "long-lost
cousins" determined either to expose or blackmail them;
both sides are usually willing to use any means necessary
to get their way.

Foolery

Those Madmen who could not hide their lunac

however, struggled to find some new way of parlaying
it intoan asset. This often proved difficult. The wastes
once again received the failures and swallowed them
up, or scourges put them out of their misery. But other
Malkavians took inspiration from the example of the
Roman comic actors called scurrae. Although the
scurrae enjoyed great popularity, sometimes their out-
tageousness got them condemned by the imperial
government. They then went into exile seeking new
audiences to amuse, speaking their minds with all the


freedom of those who have no respectability to lose
Eventually, some of these men and their imitators
won the patronage of far-flung kings and nobles, and
the institution of the jester was born

The Madmen, too, discovered that their oddities
could be tolerated and even valued so long as they
entertained. Many took up their ancient pastime of
soothsaying once again in this new guise. A prince
would often accept harsher reproof from his "fool"
than from his privy council. It was, in its way, a very
important post. The only price was one's dignity
Needless to say, others besides the Malkavians also
sought out this niche. Deft Toreador jongleurs and
sharp-tongued Nosferatu sometimes became profes-
sional fools, and when the Ravnos began to trickle
into Europe, they brought with them a venerable
Indian tradition of jesting

Malkavians who chose not to serve as jesters —that
is, most Malkavians — bitterly criticized those who did
It was hard enough being taken seriously when people
thought you mad; having cousins prancing about in two
horned hoods edged with jingle-bells only made things
worse. But as the Middle Ages wear on, folk have
become more and more used to the idea, to the point
where a prince without a jester is no longer considered
aproper prince at all. (See p. 81 formore information on
jesting and its place in Cainite society.)

{nmada and Vasantasena

By 1230, a great many Cainite lords have become
almost accustomed to strange blood-drinkers passing
through their domains. The Omen War has caused
both a flood of Western freebooters into the East and
a mass exodus of uprooted young Tzimisce into
Germany and France. The Ravnos have begun to
appear west of Constantinople in unprecedented
(if still small) numbers. Moorish Assamites
driven out of Iberia by the Reconquista have
sometimes chosen to wander the lands of
the infidel rather than return to a mys-
terious continent of which they have
no personal memory

This context helps explain why
the Malkavian guru Unmada and his
childe Vasantasena haven't attracted more
commentas they travel from Venice down through
Lombardy, Tuscany and the Papal States — although
the princes of Italy have noticed that the two usually

call on cities where the Lasombra dominate. They
certainly make an odd enough pair: Unmada's skeletal
body is visibly pierced through more than two dozen

times with needles, slim iron rods, twigs and even


slivers of bone; his ‘daughter' is sufficiently beautiful
and richly-adorned to make Toreador stumble oyer
their own hems, but her gaze remains permanently
fixed on some middle distance, and even*when she
addresses folk directly she seéms réally't6 be playing to
aninvisible and far more importantaudience justover.
their shoulders.

Their intended hosts quite often take-them, for
Raynos or Jews, and refuse to receive them. Those
Who do invite them in, however, are rewarded witha
fascinating evening's speculation. The apparently
spontaneous oracles the pair offer at the feast table
Sitike many as being the first Noddist items of:truly
novel interest in centuries; but clearly there's more to
their journey than a simple mission-of prophecy.
Prince Guilelmo of Venice once/asked them why, if
they were so worried about Gehenna, they. didn't
simply go to the lord of the Castel d'Ombro and dine
withhim, for he would surely know more about it chan
any other Magister they had yet spoken to.

Vasantasena replied that that was precisely why
they didn't go.

Points of Contention

The Malkavians' interests are usually,too dispar-
ate to speak of "issues facing the clan," but there/are
several problems that crop up especially frequently in
the present nights:

Fallen is Babylon

Although few Malkavians walking the night can
actually remember the clan's era ofrelative glory, most
Madmen still have a sense of something precious lost;
some instinct that things weren't always as they are
Now. They may lament the curse of Malkav, but they
also acknowledge his gift of insight to his progeny.
Onee upon a time, the other Cainites also acknowl-
edged that gift...but that time is fast fading now.

Opinions on what to do about this.vary widely.
Some feel there is nothing to be done. They simply
Sirvive as best they can and leave honor to.the High
Clans. They avoid Cainite society altogether; or they
present themselves to princes as charity cases;.the
princes usually choose to allow them some unwanted
comer of the domain rather than deal with the trouble
hungry Madmen can cause, but often extract the
Blood oath as the price of their generosity» Other
Madmen serve as jesters or scourges or in some other
low-respect position.

Some, however, refuse to give up their aneient
Tegacy. They ply their trade as oracles, whether inde-

pendent or pledged toa particular domain, or else they
ascend the ranks of a Gehenna cult or secret society,
thus gaining some status among those better prepared
to seé genitis.in.madness*\— which, theoretically,
makes the disdain of othér Cainites easier to bear.
Some (often those with:no more useful talent to offer)
take itupon themselves to become worthy adversaries
of the good, torepresent the inverse of everything the
rest of the world holds dear. Since it honors order, they
will bring chaos; since itthinks it cherishes "truth,"
they will reveal the inherent lie of ordinary percep-
tion; since itis xenophobic, they will repeatedly
invade irwith their-alien beliefs. Satanic glory, they
reason, is better than none at all.

ThiSkind of divide can easily tear a brood apart.
One childe'seés‘Ker, sire humiliated by his liege-lord
every night, and resolvesto find some way of existence
that entirely repudiates his. Another is constitution-
ally unable'to follow his sire in their lineage's oracular
tradition, and eventually decides to stop trying, thus
breakifig.ayline of descent that has persisted since
ancient Mycenaea.

Gebhenna

The-vast majority of Malkavians aren't prophets,
particularly om any regular basis. But enough Madmen
have occasional flashes of horrors to come that the
elancan bé said to'take an uncommonly deep interest
inGehetinaand Noddistlore. This doesn't necessarily
trarislate to a greaterSense of responsibility. All the
same, some Malkavians bear in mind the Scripture:
"For unto whomsoever much is given, from him much
shall be required." They have very little patience for
clanmates who.don't share their sense of destiny.
After all, the fate of the world is at stake.

Nor do they'pity in the slightest those Madmen
who say they don't have the gift of visions. If one
doesn't have it oneself, it is obviously one's Caine-
given duty to follow those that do. They may be able
to forgive lapses in piéty from other, more feeble-
witted clans, but not from those chosen to drink the
draught of periloustruth that is Malkav's blood! Many
Madmen seers especially upbraid their brethren over
their failure to"act on the prophecies of the Salubri
genocide (now all but finished) — although what
precisely they expected their clanmates to do about it
is anyone's guess.

Luckily, real trouble only comes of this once in a
while,whena would-be herald of Gehenna hasa revela-
tion so disturbing that it compels him to act on grand
stale, by trying to assassinate famous elders, for instance.
Heattempts to browbeat or blackmail hisclanmates into

_—

=, SS oe a

- CH,

TER ONE

+ LOWEST OF THE Di


helping him, eventually roiling all the nearby Madmen
into a tempest of controversy. Soon enough irritatéd
Cainites of other clans are pressuring them to "do
something about your overzealous brother." Whileimost
Cainites with any respect for heritag@avow belief inthe
founders, the Dark Father and Gehenna, theirdevotion
seldom goes beyond lip service. Apocalypric fervor does
a lot of societal damage for precious little noticeable
benefit. And so such wild-eyed prophets are guided to.
the sun or the stake, sometimes by their own clanmates

but generally not before other-unlives have already
ended or come to ruin.

The latest outbreaks of Malkavian Gehenna-
mongering have been more virulent than usual. For
instance, a Jewish scholar calling himselfysimply
Rakkab, "the Charioteer," is currently wandering the
German domains calling for the toralextermination
of the Tzimisce voivodes and all their brogds. While'a
good many Ventrue are already happily pursuing'this
particular program, they are delighted to@brain mys
tical justification for it (even if it does come from an
infidel), and his prophecies do seem to be moving
some to especially rash aggressions. Rakkab's auguries
are highly detailed and interesting overall, but mad-
deningly vague in the particulars. He has been heard
to say that the trunk does not die when thé branches
are sawn through. He also says "Ten are the numbers
of the ineffable Sephiroth; ten.and n6t nine, ten and
not eleven. Once there are nine, ten cannot €ver
again be attained. The furrows are planted:" (Other
Jewish Cainites note the Madman's name and rightly
guess that he is a follower of Merkabah, the "medita-
tion of the chariot." They also recall the Talmudic
warning that of four men who engage in Merkabah;
one has a true vision, one dies, one goes mad.and one
and comment dryly that Rakkab
seems to have managed the latter,three all at once.)

Player's Toolboy

Even if your character isn't a "typi¢al" Malkavian:
(oxymoron aside), it's still possible to confront her with
challenges peculiar to her clan. Below are afew ideas.

turns apostate

Sages

* Your curse, though debilitating, has never pro-
duced outright hallucinations or delusions. Now;
however, you hear your fellow Cainites saying things
no one else in the room seems to hear them Say, as
though their hearts were speaking silently to yours:
The hidden messages suggest that nearly everything
you thought you knew about these people is a'lie.

You've heard that sometimes Malkav's blood grants
insight in addition to lunacy, but this has never been
so for yow before. Has it finally happened, or are you
simply going@-madder than'ever?

* You dwell in a'city blessed with a Malkavian
seeress of high-reputation. This seeress' latest proph-
ecy is exceptionally dire, and most of the elders in the
region are'planning to act on it (whether they admit
it, or not).-But you've also had a powerful vision
recently, which directly contradicts what the seeress
hassaid. Yoususpect the seetess is lying to suit her own
purposes, but doyou trust your gifts enough to publicly
speak. out-against amuch more powerful clanmate?

* You are a scholar of some grotesquely complex
divination method}such as astrology, gematria or
geomaney- Your obsession may be insane, but you're
convinced your calculations aren't. Those few Cainites
who sharé-your intétest believe you and are as fright
ened as\you are, but unfortunately they're not the
people youn
enough. to/seem worthy of an audience, you still
someh6w have to explain your system in terms an
impatient Lasombra lord can understand

ed to impress. Even if you can act sane

Fools

© The one thing that's always kept you from
feeling too'sorry for yourself is your broodmate; you
lové-him Gearly but he's.a hopeless case, unable to
behav
people with bursts Of spontaneous honesty. Now,
however, a Toreador prince has taken him under wing
as his court fool. Apparently he's found his niche.
Admiring tales of his idiot-wise sayings and hilarious
japes have begun to spread among the area's Cainites,
and you can't believe you're starting to feel insanely
jedlous of the cretin....

even halfway normally and prone to offending

* You're a jester, and askilled one; you've success-
fully advised her Highness without seeming to and
kept many a court gathering on an even keel even
with blood-enemies present. But now you've fallen in
love with-an extraordinary visitor to her Highness'
court, Somehow you must show your amour that
there's more to you before she leaves town, but your

"livelihood" and perhaps even your existence depend
on your never being taken seriously.

The Forsaken

Your sire has successfully passed himself off as
someother'clan for many years, and now holds a
position,of respect in his latest home. Naturally, he
expects you to keep up the deception; in fact, he's
yowed to kill you if you expose him even inadvert-

roo fe

oo.

fe
tl

Cc)
is

fo aheo

oz

tl

gi
td

8

ently. He insists that overcoming the curse is a matter
of will and faith. Unfortunately, your madness is
fowhere near as quiet as his, and you are finding it
harder and harder to refuse its call.

* In life, you belonged to a profession. that
depended on solid thinking, such as academia or
bookkeeping or diplomacy, and alas, you can no
longer stay on track for more than an hour ata time:
The only existence you've known is no longer'an
Option. But now you've been approached by some-
one claiming to be one of the mystai6f the Ordo
{see Chapter Five). He promises you.relief anda
new sense of purpose, but you correctly sense'that
joining the cult will also involve you in the affairs
of your elders, a shadow conspiracy of who knows
What proportions...

Nosferatu

God twisted my face into a Gorgon' s likeness; but He
didnot make me a monster. My sire reared me in/a cesspit
and even named me Dogshit in his own tongue ; but he did
not make me a monster. | imagine in time.the rest-of the
World will succeed where they failed

—E&

An old'Swedish proverb says, "Those who whis-
per lie." The Nosferati have certainly beén whispering
fora long time. Orher Cainires have always turned to
them as both finders and keepers of secrets) many of
Which would haye better remained, buried. And se-
crets and.Jies ate notoriously difficult to tell apart —

éhet.of Pest

isa story unverifiable because the guilty have sup-
pressed \the evidence, or simply because-it's utter
bubk? Quite possibly a number of terrible lies have
worked their way into Nosferatu history without any.
butthe Very eldest knowing the differencesStill, ofall
the couintless* tidbits of information the Nosferatu
greedily squirrel away in their minds, they treasuré
those regarding their own past and nature the most
greedily of all.

Origins

The Nosferatu's tale of their*origins begins, like
most, with Caine and his three childer, Enoch, Irad and
Zillah. According to the legend, Zillah was the most
restless of Caine's original progeny; unlike her brothers,
she often wandered outside the First City's walls. AP
though a small ring of farmlands and vineyards belted
thecity, the land beyond wasas wild as it had been on the
day God spoke the beasts into being. In those wilds lived
amighty tribe of hunters, and among them a man called

Absimiliard. He was the nephew rather than the son of
theirchief, buteveryone said he would likely succeed the
old man. He was the wiliest hunter and the fiercest
warrior, and gifted moreover with the visage of an
archangel. (The Nosferatu admit that Absimiliard was
likely,not the name of his birth, but then again, they
don't want to know or speak the name of his birth. That
might get his attention.)

In those days, the folk who dwelled outside the
city — thé folk who had remained loyal to their father
Seth and their grandfather Adam — greatly mis-
trusted Caine and his subjects. At the same time, they
coveted the*many fine and useful things the city
artisans made. Sometimes they staged raids against
the city, which were usually repelled and punished
harshly. By the time Absimiliard was born, the folk
outside-and,the folk inside had been at war for many

years. And so when Absimiliard happened upon a

strange track whose look and smell he didn't recog-
nize;he knew it could only be some foulness originating
from the city.

He followed the track for two days and nights,
when-he\at last looked around to find himself in
unfamiliar territory. There, Zillah, his quarry (who
had been rather enjoying this.chase in the perverse
way of the undead) turned on himand fought him. He
defended himself savagely, buttono avail. She laughed
as she brought him. down, giving him a Streaking scar
across his cheek in the process. Then she Embraced
him soas to haye his prowess at her eternal command.
He never forgave her for any of it

In time he made childer of his own and deliber-
ately instilled his own hatred of Zillah in their hearts.
A few names have ‘come down through-the ages:
Melachoate, Yima, Gayomart, Illuyankas: Only one
childe resisted both his hatred and his blood oath, say
the Nosferatu of Europe: On thenight of her Embrace
she at fitst welcomed her strange, handsome lover, but
before day dawned she saw the true hideousness of his
Spirit and fled from him. (In Russia they say this
woman is the Baba Yaga of ancient mortal legend, but
in otherplaces Baba Yaga's nameis listed among of the
faithful childer of Absimiliatd. Whatever her name,
almost all the Nosferatu of Christendom claim her as
their ancestress and therefore call her the Matriarch.)

Finally Absimiliard chose his moment to strike at
Zillah with his childer's help. Though Zillah defeated
himyGaine wassore wroth at his sacrilege. He cursed
Absimiliard and all his get with monstrousness — a
curse they bore in their very blood, such that anyone
who drank it would share it in time. From that night

forth they were called plague-dogs and lepers in every


tongue known to man, but it was the Greek term
nosophoros ("plague-bearer") that gave rise to the most
common name for the clan. Absimiliard, who was so
vain that one thin scar had helped drive him to
murderous rage, took this rebuke veryhardindeed. He
burrowed into the deep places of th@earth'to hide his
ravaged face.

Some Nosferatu say that in his grief Absimiliard:
concocted a vile plan to win back Caine's grace by
offering up the heart's blood of all his line. He pledged
his loyal childer to this task and. dubbed them the
Nictuku (supposedly from a primeval word nek-duku,
meaning "they who guide Death");'to this very night
they hunt the world over for the Matriarch and*her
descendants. Other Nosferatu insist that the Nictuku
took this mission upon themselves out of vengeance,
believing that if the Matriarch had been with them,
their combined strength would have overwhelmed
Zillah. Defying their father's shame at his fate; the
deliberately make themselves evenmore horrifying by.
mutilating their bodies and adorning themselves with
rotting bones, leeches and,6ther noxious raiment.

Whatever the truth, however, most Nosferatu fear the
Nictuku as they feapittle else

Ancient Nights

Left to, their own' devices, the childer-of the
josferat went.abott trying.t6 find some-place for
themselves. In the world'syouth, this was much easier

than it is now. Mortals' sense of dominion over nature
was far*moreé tenuous, and they imagined all sorts of
mOnsters-lurking just beyond ‘their city walls and
pasture fences. And so most Lepets sawlittlé cause to
talk about ancient curses or seek some gtand rationale.
As far as they, were concerned, they were whatthey
wet because someone had to be — living folk needed
things to fear, things to hate, things tostruggle against

Th

had already conjured up; if the mortals didn't have a

took on the toles of whatever devils the mortals

bogeyman terrifying enough to suit, the Nosferatu
gave them one.

Even back then, however, some chafed°ar this
fate. Iewasn't enough simply to hurt and frighten the
living. 7

here had to Be'somé lesson in it. Some used
their gifts to teach what wisdom, they had to impart,
particularly on the subject of deceptive appearances
They

those of shallow heart, often bringing them 'inte.the

assumed fair countenances to sedtiee and betray

curse for good measure; or they cultivated a fearsome
reputation and then rewarded with their talented
services any mortal who braved their lairs regardless
and passed their tests.

BLOODLINES

enerally speaking, the Tzimisce voivodes
get along with the Nosferatu at least as
well as the Ventrue do. They aren't ones to be
terrified by a monstrous visage, after all. Indeed,
many deliberately twist their own countenances
just to help themselves let go of mortal notions of
beauty. They tend to find the Nosferatu more
fascinating than disturbing, although they frankly
pity them their inability to change. For the
Nosferatu's part, most have gotten over their
initial disappointment that the Tzimisce arts
couldn't erase their eternal ugliness.
But some Nosferatu accuse the Tzimisce of
~aling very treacherously indeed with those

who came to them in ancient nights, hoping to

have their bodies mended. Of the many strange
creatures that populate the wilds of Eastern Eu-
rope, there are two sorts that the Nosferatu
suspect are kin to them, and not by any act of God
or nature. The wormlike Larvae of Bulgaria use
their fearsome tooth-lined maws to crunch stone
and tunnel deep into the earth, then tunnel up
again to devour men whole and excrete their
exsanguinated corpses. The giant Volsi of the
German bogs take their name from the old sha-
mans of Odinic days (and more specifically, from
the stuffed and pickled horse phalli that suppos-
edly took a central role the shamanic initiation);
but while they're rumored to have a little magic
of asort, their grotesque shapes suggest the Leper
far more than the koldun. Elders whisper that this
was the horrible fate of some who, ironically,
came to the Shapers seeking release from their
hideousness: to be experimented upon as though
they were no more than the Tzimisce's own
craven ghoul-families, and finally turned loose as
guardian-beasts and artworks "on display" for
other Shapers to admire

‘0 few saw their stories made a permanent part of
mortal legend. Because of them, they said proudly, the
living knew virtue. When the young heard the tale of
Vasalisa the Wise, who earned the gift of fire from Baba
Yaga, they learned to heed their mothers whether living
or dead. When mothers caught rumors of the Nocnitsa
orthe Bendith Y Mamau or the spriggans, they guarded
their children's cradles and beds all the more closely
When fathers were told of Rumpele-stilt or old King
Cepheus, they remembered to make only wise promises

+ PLAYERS.GU. D

-LOwc

q


and keep them no matter what. When warriors sang of
Beowulf' battle with Grendel (of whom the poem says
helived "in misery among the banished monsters, Cain's
dan, whom the Creator had outlawed and condemned
#s outcasts...") their hearts took courage against their
own merely mortal opponents.

Any Nosferatu of a medieval warren would be
astonished to realize how many of his clan were
solitary or near-solitary in the nights after the Second
City's fall. Sires did sometimes create small broods to
keep them company and to carry on their work,
Whatever they perceived it to be. But a large brood
could hardly support itself lurking out in a cave or bog
or haunted grove. That required a city haven, and
Nosferatu took scant pleasure in dwelling in the cities
of millennia ago. Even the largest cities were quite
small compared to the metropolises to come (Rome,
Carthage, Venice, Moscow, Baghdad), making it dif-
ficult for the Lepers to avoid discovery.

They also took scant pleasure in the company of
other Cainites.
contemptuously toward them were still a cruel reminder
ofthe unstained immortality they might have enjoyed.
And so many Lepers dwelled in the wilderness, despite

Even those few who didn't behave

thedangers. Many more hunted the outlying communi-

ties near the city walls, especially favoring immigrant
quarters, refugee camps, plague-houses and other neigh-
borhoods of ill repute. And some kept havens in the
cities but made themselves as close to invisible as pos-

sible — to mortal and Cainite alike.

Rome

Rome was not the first scene of mortal under-
ground construction. Even the Babylonians dug long
tunnels for irrigation, which a few enterprising
athe.
Later the Egyptians built great funerary complexes
with underground passages, which made decent ha-
vens once a protective curse or two was chiseled into

Nosferatu moved into, having no need to br

their entrances. And throughout history in many

ancient cities, successive generations erected new
buildings literally on top of the old as the ground level
rose due to silting, accumulated refuse or deliberate
earthworks, leaving haphazard subterranean complexes
behind.

However, Rome's Cloaca Maxima once

Augustus enclosed it — and the later Christian cata-
combs provided, for the first time, an extensive network
of tunnels which multip!

shelter within. Churches, syne

broods of Lepers could

gues and even ordi-


nary dwellings also had crypts and underground pas-
sages which clever Nosferatu could connect to each
other with hidden doors, further expanding the web.
(The Cappadocians had prior claim on .the=burial
grounds of Rome, including the catacombs, and ini-
tially resisted the Lepers' intrusion. But once itheeame
clear that their interests in the catacombs were cori
pletely different — the Nosferatu sought shelter, the
Cappadocians a space for their necromancy,— the'

were able over several decades to negotiate an ar-
rangement wherein the Nosferatu helped protect the
catacombs but stayed out of the Graverobbets' pre
ferred sanctums.) Nosferatu who passed through Romé
and enjoyed the fabled hospitality of its great warren
often carried its architectural ideas abroad with them.

Soon Lepers across the world tried to;imitate
Rome's success. They encouraged local mortals-to
delve into the earth on whatever pretex

t, then modi-
fied their efforts to suit vampiric needs! Few cities
developed vast interconnected tunnel! systems even
with their help, but the results were often enough to
take day-shelter within, if not.to traverse the city by.
In the process, they learned'a great deal about physics,
geology and architectural principles. Eventually,-a
new Nosferatu profession was born: that of the so-
called "warrener," who traveled from city to-city not
only to help various Nosferatu populations devise
theiraccommodations, buralsot6 build secure havens
and tombs for other Cainites who had heard one too
many tales of torpid vampires crushedin earthquakes
or waterlogged in floods.

Notall Nosfetatu approved of this development.
It was not their fate;they argued, to dwellin the midst
of mankind or to plumb the bowels of the earth. Such
folly could bring only pain, and perhaps the further
wrath of Caine or the Nietuku. Besides, primal légend
held that Absimiliard himself lurked somewheré in
the chthonic depths. The deeper mortals and Lepers
dug, the more‘likely they were to turn him up. But
Nosferatu who had dwelt for time out-of mind in
natural cave-complexes pooh-poohed this idea. They
had not found thé Nosferat yet, and some of them had
even been foolhardy enough to lok:

Nosferatu had always dealt in secrets when it
suited them; their blood-gifts made them natural
spies. But only now did they employ this talent'to.its
fullest. As ever more Lepers came to the cities, it
became ever more necessary to deal with other C:

inites,
and thus, to acquire information for barter or black-
mail. Within several centuries, espionage had become
the bedrock of the clan's reputation.

Saviors and Prophets

Rome also provided for another major develop-
ment in the clan's history. Although the idea of a
One True God didn't originate with the Chris-
tians, they were able to take advantage of the
Empire's vast dominion, its road and trade net-
works, to spread the idea as it had never been
spread before. Christianity melded concepts of re-
demption, rebirth and blood-sacrifice in a way all
but guaranteed to capture the attention of vam-
pires, and Nosferatu were captivated along with
the rest, But their affection for the Messiah rested
not on..His*wisdom or His divinity or even His
tesurrection, but on His kindness to the outcast
and unclean. He healed lepers, touched them and
éven wentinto their houses, spoke gently to whores
and publicans and Gentiles. At every opportunity
He made it clear that His concern was not with the
"righteous" but with those who knew quite well
they were lost.

Many Nosferatu rejoiced to finally find a
prophet whose Message of hope seemed to apply to
them. (John 5 ~"Verily, verily, I say unto you,
The hour is\;coming, and now, is, when the dead
shall hear-the\voice of the.Son 6f God: and they
that hear shall liye.") And they were happiest, or
many of the eldets say they were, in ‘the nights
when Christianity was still a fringe cult, )disrepu-
table, persecuted. Back then few of the High Clans
cared to publicly join it; and those of the Low that
did were more willing-than usual to aecept the
company of the Lepers. (See Chapter Five for
further discussion~of Nosferatu"involyement in
various Christian movements.)

Some Nosferatu, however, hated the idea of
Seekingtedemption as much as they hated'the idea
Of dwelling among mortals; and their fury grew
exponentially as Christianity reached the far cor-
ners Of civilization. One by one the monsters and

malevolent gods of old were demoted to demons or

old wives' tales. Such stories, the priests insisted,
had nothing worthwhileto teach men. In fact, both
Christianity and Judaism exhorted believers not to
fear evil, which, to these Lepers' minds, went against
the whole point of evil. What else was it for, if not
to inspire fear? Itseemed the mortals were aban-
doningthenmvand their ever-multiplying Christian
clanmates were betraying them.

Between AD 200 and 800, several Nosferatu
cabals united in the determination both to re-
awaken mortals to the strength of earthly evil and


toexpose the lie of Grace to their erring brethren
They called themselves by
monic names: the Charontes, the Utug, the Gallu

various ancient de-

= sometimes even the Nictuku, although even
their sympathizers regarded that as sacrilege: Al-
though most European warrens feel compelled to
five hospitality even to those of their blood who
still reject Christ, they will refuse any Leper they
Know to be a member of these blasphemous sects =
Which have only become more and more monstrous
Over time, in defiance of a world theyybelieve to
have turned on them.

The Dark Ages

When Rome fell, important Cainites of the city
gave some of their most precious possessions to the
city's Cappadocians for safekeeping. A miserably low.
number of those possessions were ever recovered.
Over the next century, enterprising foreign Cainites
looted the catacombs and crypts. Many of those loot-
tts were Nosferatu. The Cappadoeians a¢cused the
hes and
ried to expel them fromthe tunnels. A) series' of
bloody skirmishes ended in détentey but the conflict
has re-erupted'séVeral times over'the ensuing centu-

Roman Nosferatu of spreading tales of the

ties. Recently, a.second brood of Nosferatu thoved
into the catacombs \as_well, complicating matters
further; and.in AD 1229, anea
flood the following year damaged the city's subterra-

cth@uake followed by a

Nean structures and put several catacomb denizens
into torpor.

The way of. unlife that had first arisen in-Romey
however, persisted even after the Empite's collapse.
While other far-flung lineages of Cainites lost contact
with their branches in various cities and nations, the
Nosferatu went out of their way to maintain commu-
Nications. When it seemed too dangerous for the
Lepers themselves to carry news from warren to wat-
fen, mortals, often posing-as pilgrims, and animal
blood-servants were sent instead.

The Lasars

Christian society claims to-have a special place in
its heart for lepers. This has not led it to lift the
physical taboos that isolate them; great'eare is taken
inmaking the diagnosis of leprosy, because tohecome
a leper is to enter a kind of living death. Oftéma
funeral Mass is held in which the leper is declared lost
to the world and reborn to God. Those lepers not
welcomed (or imprisoned, if you prefer) in the hospi-
tals must wear special robes and carry a wooden

clapper or bell to warn of their approach. They may
not enter public places or establishments where food
is handled or cooked, nor can they bathe in streams or
walk on narrow paths where others would have to pass
close by.

As much as the secular mind of the world reviles
leprosy, however, the religious mind reveres it. Lepers
appear in Gospel accounts, parables and saints' vitae
as symbols of God's love for those humanity despises.
Accordingly, friars, nuns, monks and priests have
established lazar-houses throughout Europe and the
Holy Lahdlepers have always be
Cainite namesakes as well. Sometimes the
have actually instigated the founding of leper hospi-
tals;sOmetimes they've taken a protective interest in
those already existing, and sometimes they've viewed
them merély as a fine place to hide, feed and recruit
mortal.seryants.

In AD 530, the hospitalers of St. Lazarus of Acre
and Caesarea founded an especially large leper hospi-
tal outside the walls of Jerusalem, which after Jerusalem
fell in 1098 became host toa number of Crusaders who
had contracted the'dread disease. Since the disease

n dear to their

osferatu

usually, progressed slowly, it was only natural that
these knights should serve asthe hospital's protectors,
they becamé,the Military and
Hospitaler Order of St. Lazarus (St»Ladre) of Jerusa-
lem. Their bravetyand charity won themgreat renown;
they considered themselves the "living dead," and

and eventually

neither battle nor lonely journeysheld any terrors for

them. Even Saladin was impressed with them, and
when he retook Jerusalem he placed the Knights of St.

Ladre under his personal protection. But he\was not

their staunchest patron: That honor went to a name-
less Nosferatu'who convinced the head of the order to
accept the Embrace and pilot the order's work from
beyondithe grave.

Some time afterward, the former master's succes-
sor and childe, Fra' Raymond, had to flee with his
undead lazar-knights to Constantinople (the mortal
knights did not share their misfortune, and yet remain
in the Holy Land). For an achingly brief time they and
their patrons, the Malachite Nosferatu, became a
beacon of hope and pride to other Christians in their
clan. They were accepted as near-equals by the other
Cainite houses ‘ef Constantinople and seemed to
embody all that was good and fine in the }
spirit beneath their twisted exteriors.

osferatu

When Constantinople fell to the Crusaders in
AD 1204, however, Fra' Raymond met Final Death.
The Knights lost their place of respect and many of
their number as well in that defeat. Now they


struggle to prove themselves to the Latin invaders.
Although they hated the senseless butchery of the
Fourth Crusade, they feel they must continue their
mission no matter the hardship, and so they swal-
low their pride and seek the favor of their
conquerors. The Latin Cainites treat the Le
an exception among Nosferatu; they are not. ver-

rs as

min, but honorable fallen foes who are to' be
though the
Knights suspect that if they were Ventrueor Torea-
dor they would have won many more'privileges by

accorded respect, if not full trust

now. Any Nosferatu who cherishes:some hope of
becoming or remaining a knight inthe ‘eyes of his
fellow Cainites still looks to the example. of the
Knights of St. Ladre, for they are among the véry
few Nosferatu truly considered noble.

(For more information on the Knights of St'Ladre
and the Malachites, see Constantinople by Night.)

Points of Contention

The Nosferatu aren't in the state 6f internal turmoil
many clans must now endure, probably because they can
ill afford it, but problems from both within and without
plague even the mose'tight-knit warren:

The VBurdeivof Knowledge

When Malkayians receive porténts of things'to
come, they atrive dramatically
knowledge from beyondyah omen'in smoke or blood,
or a confusing jumble of riddle\and metaphor
Nosferatu come'to their conclusions the prosait way,
through the painstaking assemblage of disparate clues.
Oncée'they've puttogether a complete picture (orat
leasecomplete enough to theorize by) the really hard
work_conies:, What to do with it? As a Tule, the
information Nosferatuycollect has to do with private
feuds affecting one or two cities at most. Butoccasion-
ally mote momentous plots make themselvés felt. At
such times evén loyal allies‘can become) bitterly
divided over what action to take (and should'things
degenerate to the point where Nosferatu begin to-use
their espionage talents against each other, the results

as a burst of perfect

are bound to be devastating):

To take but one example, lately,the clan has
gathered disturbing hints of — not aeonspiracy,
precisely, as much as a groundswell améng_the
neonates of Europe. Over three dozen elders across
the continent have fallen to their own childer's
fangs over the past half-century. While that in
itself isn't unusual, it is unusual for entire broods of
childer to cooperate in such murders; elders tend to

be experts at setting their get against each other.
omething or someone is helping these fledglings
overcome their sires' manipulations. The Nosferatu
have even heard a whisper of the word "Furores,"
but past the obvious connotations, have only a
vague idea what it means. Of course there are
certain of their clanmates who could tell them all
about the hascent movement, but those clanmates
haye dropped out of contact and transferred their
staunch Leper loyalties to their new packs. When
the eldets discover that Nosferatu have been lured
into the Furores, they will undoubtedly send in
moles to ferret out the rest of the story.

The clan elders are quite concerned already.
It'spossible the ancient cycle of Cainite parricide
is gathering momentum once more, and d

CISIVE
action-now could prevent the threat from growing
Bur all-they have is a scattering of international
data unlikely to impress the notoriously domain-
minded High Clans, and theoretical speculation.
Even \if they \successfully elicited a response it
would probably ‘take the form of a futile panic,
resulting in just thékind of persecution most likely
to,énrageé the Furores further...

The Omen War

Knights of St. Ladre and their imitators excluded,
few Nosferatu are warriors by birthor inclination. While
the Eastern European' Nosferatu have aided the Tzimisce
campaign against the Tremere in ‘haphazard fashion
(usually more ut of mourning for the Salubri than
concern for the Fiends), they haven't been front-line
participants in the; Omen War. Indeed, for many years i
théy refused to believe Tzimisce assertions that the
Gargoyles wete actually created from Nosferatu bones
and souls; most assumed .the voivodes had invented the
story in'order to enlist their services' However, at the
beginningof this century, Velyathe Flayerarid his young
protégé Myca Vykos provided supposedly incontrovert-
ible proof to Berchta the Iron-Nosed, ancestress of a
number of Germanic and Slayi¢ Nosferatu. As a result,
inuch of the clan has now miadé the Tremere a top
intelligence priority — notjust in Eastern Europe but in
the West as well. Clearly the UStrpers are even more
dangerous thanpreviously believed. Asarule, Nosferatu
campaigns against the Tremere run to blackmailing and
discrediting them, not killing them outright, but there
haye been exceptions.

Player's Toolboy

The following are examples of character and story
concepts which make use of the clan's past history:

4


Espionage

* You've pursued a long campaign of subtle yen-
geance against a Cainite in the city who casually destroyéd
something dear to you years ago. Now you finally have
the information you need to destroy your enemy's
or pethaps even end his unlife, but unfortunately that
information also implicates another Cainite you've'al
ways considered a staunch ally. Can you bring yourself to
destroy her too, and can you afford to lose one of your few
colleagues outside the clan?

reer

* Your proficiency with the Mask has earned you
an assignment you despise: Impersonate a‘member of
the High Clans. Not only do you fully€xpect to hate
every minute of this, you are going to have to study
etiquette, deportment and*Caine alone knows what
else for months in order to secure your covet.

¢ You're trying to crack an élder.eonspiracy that
could span several prominent Cainite houses, and so
you're traveling betweén warrens seeking relevant
information. How

r, you\don't want any_of your
clanmates beating you to the solution and the atten-
dantprestige, so somehowyouhave to keep them from
figuring out what subjects -you're\really interested in
and why

¢ You're a Promethean or Furore seeking admission
into the movement, and you'ye been assigned a task to
prove your loyalty. (For instance:Locate a missing
compatriot of theirs, with only a nickname and a vague
description.) It's plain from the task they picked that
they expect you to make use of your clan's information
networks, but the more you do so the more you risk
exposing the movement to your clan's attentions.

Warren Politics

* You recently approached an elder whose devo-
tion to clan unity you admire, asking his advice on a
thorny feud you're trying to settle. The only answer he
could think of was to raise the specter of the Nictuku,
butthe idea of playing bogeyman (particularly since it
will probably involve killing clanmates) doesn't ap-
peal to you. Unfortunately, he agrees with you about
how serious the problem is, and he says if you're not
Willing to take care of it, he'll send someone who is.

¢ Your warren has extended hospitality to a
Visiting Leper from another warren that has al-
ways been a valuable source of information and
help. Unfortunately, this newcomer is stirring up
trouble in the city and you're convinced the whole
warren will end up being punished for it before
long. You can't kick out your guest because that
would offend the other warren, which you can ill

=
— pO
=

APTER ONE -

afford. Somehow you have to get rid of her and
find a suitable party to frame for it.

¢ A warren-mate has developed a bad habit of
giving false or misleading information to Cainites
whoapproach him for it. Because of his activities, your
own "clients" no longer trust your reports as they once
did, The warren-elders, who have their own projects,
don'tseem terribly concerned about him as yet. If you
could only find a way to make them concerned...

Godly Feal

© You dwell in a small town and your coterie is a
tight-knight group of Faithful devotees. A follower of
the Road of Sinis passing through town and while you

could stand him asa guest fora short while, you've just

discovered he's "ministering" to the mortals under
your €are, ‘cleverly twisting your own philosophy to
suit his\ile agenda of corruption. Your variant of the
Road of Heaven teaches tolerance and forgiveness,
but isn't there a limit?

* You'réa missionary (Christian or Muslim) who
has conceived the suicidal goal of traveling out into
the waste to convert-anjancient brood of Nosferatu
well-known for their contémpt toward the idea of
Grace. Getting there will be half the fun.

yu are the self-appointed guardian of a small but
fanatical populist heresy, and have nursed it from an ill-
formed fancy into a true philosophy, as potentially
attractive to Cainites as to mortals. Now that itseems to
have'a genuine chance of success, an equally fanatical
Cainiteofa High Clan (Brujah, Lasombra or Toreador
most likely) has decided to step in. He's grateful to you
for all your hard work in paving the way, of course, but
you certainly realize your movement is more likely to
bloom as it deserves to if it doesn't have a creature so
plainly blasted by God at its head...

Ravnos

ve your pity for the Lepers. Save your wrath for the
Serpents. Save your fear for the Saracens. Just let me pass;
I've done you no wrong

— Kiril, Alexandrite Ravnos, lying to save his skin

The thieves in the night need never curse
those who cross them, for their presence is often a
curse to other Cainites. They cheat, they steal,
they wear out their welcomes; and forcing them to
leave against their own wishes is categorically
dangerous. Certainly these things can be said of
other individual Cainites, but the tight family
groups called jati that the Ravnos maintain are
known for the deep loyalty that members hold


toward one another. This familial allegiance po-
larizes other Cainites, for an offense paid to a
single Ravnos is often repaid tenfold. Consequently
the Ravnos manage to unite the members of other
clans into a singular purpose (something-held as
impossible by most Cainites). That the-purpose is
generally to tolerate the Raynos»pfesence until
given an excuse to drive them fromthe area serves
to frustrate the various jati, but'the wisest Raynos
thank the gaje Cainites for remaining outsiders ‘to
the clan's affairs.

Origins
The epic poem of the Eastern Ravnos- known
as the Karavalanisha Vrana relates the history of

their creation by the Indian gods, theit-quese to
fulfill their svadharma, their celestial purpose, and

ends unfinished with the struggle-against ‘the
asuratizayya, the demonic shadows of themselves,
Grounded in Eastérnthought and symbolism;-the
poem is so comprehensive-that it sheds far-more
light on the clan's creation than the tales*told' by
the Western Ravnos, This causes no small amount
of conflict between the two branches of the clan,
who use the excuse of the poem's validity to clash
with one another.

The Four Days of Brahma

The poem elaborates upon the four ages\of the
world known ‘as the."four days of Brahma." The
Satya Yuga, or the Age of Gold,.was the beginning

of all time.before death or sir existed as anything
but concepts, The end of perfection came with the
dawn of the Treta Yuga, the Age of Silver. Evil
forced its way into the world and great troubles
befell humanity as the demons brought death and
sin along with them. The gods appointed protec-
tors known as the.siddhittizaya@to stave offthe
demonic influence, andyall was‘well for a time
The demons gained singular purpose and
scored a coup in the Duapara Yuga, the.Age of
Bronze. They turned their attentions away from
humanity to the protectors themselves, offering
them great power in return for the forsaking of
their duties. The demons tempted and ¢ajoled,
twisting the purpose of the siddhittizaya until the
guardians became indistinguishable from their

demonic enticers. Known then as the asuratizayya,
humanity's former protectors turned upon their
charges to eat of their flesh and drink of their
blood. They now knew a dark lust for humankind

‘Ravnos TERMINOLOGY

The Ravnos use specific terminology, par-
ticularly those from the Eastern branch. The
following provides a brief summary of foreign
words and concepts fundamental to the clan:

® asuratizayya: An Eastern bloodline that ,
resembles the Baali; they were cursed with a
thirst for mortal blood when they opposed their
svadharma. Translated roughly as "demonic
horde."

© gaje: Translated as "outsider" or "for-
eigner."

¢ jati: The family group or caste division of
the Ravnos. Western Ravnos indicate their
lineage by jati, while those from the East use this
to indicaté the social stratum into which they
were reborn.

* Karavalanisha Vrana: An epic poem
knownas The Wounds of the Night's Sword which
describes the Eastern Ravnos' view of creation.
Notable for the lack of connection to the story
of Caine. Also notable for being incomplete,
with the ending missing or unwritten.

* Mayaparisatya: The Eastern Road of Para-
dox, focusing on. the understanding and
fulfillment of the Ravnos' svadharma.

¢ Roma: Nomadic peoples fleeing Muslim
persecution from the East, with whom the latest
influx of Ravnos have arrived. They are found in
far Eastern Europe, notably in Byzantium.

* siddhittizaya: The .asuratizayya's exist-
ence before the blood curse, when they were
charged with protecting mortals from monsters
and demons. Translated roughly as "the Divine'
Chosen.

¢ svadharma: The purpose that guides all
living things on earth, a tenet of Eastern Ravnos
philosophy. Everything that exists has a unique
purpose and is only useful in itsindividual fulfill-
ment of that purpose.

¢ Zapathasura: A name for the Ravnos
progenitor. Translated as "accursed demon."

and sated their urges upon a population too help-
less to stop them.

The gods heard the cries of the people and for
the first time knew wrath. They looked upon the
fallen protectors and saw them heady on the taste

of

asu
the
Th
me
eat
to

hut
the
for:
the
tau
eat
wh

knc
the
mo
asu
froi
rib]
an
stré
par
asu
afa
ove

tail
mo
tha
mo
god
dea
ma)
asu
tot
glo
wit

Of their own power. As one they rebuked the
Guratizayya who discarded duty for sin, cursing
them to know only sin until the end of the world.
Thefallen protectors had yearned for the forbidden
meal of flesh and blood, so the gods‘cursed them to
eatthis dish alone, turning all other food and drink
fo venom in their bellies. As they gorged upon
humanity by night to heighten the fear of murderin
the dark, the gods' curse forced them to'know night
forever more, making the lightof day poison to
their flesh. Where they once reveledin the sin
taught them by the demons, they became the sin-
éaters compelled to quench the firesiof theindesire
Whenever it expressed itself.

The asuratizayya did not understand thatthe
Gutse was a punishment. They reveled im the re?
Srictions, seeing them as a divine blessing of foeus,
away to discard all that was unnecessary from their
existence. They savaged humanity with renewed
Vigor so intense that the.cri¢s of the peéple woke
the gods, who for the first. time knewdismay. The
gods conferred with one'another.in effort co find a
harsher punishment for the asuratizayya, one that
would curtail their depredations

ADevil To Hunt Demons

The gods agreed that the asuratizayya should
Know fear and pain far greater than that suffered by
their former flock. They devised a plan to Create a
monster a thousand than the
Gsratizayya that would only exist to wipe them
from the world, After the gods fashioned this ter-
tible purpose, the Earth itself restored the body of
aman to a mockefy"of life. Varuna, the god of
Strength, returned the dead'man's blood and im-
parted it with such poteney that even the
asuratizayya would choke upon its taste. The Devi,
aface worn by the goddess Kali, divulged the power
Over maya, or "deception." Himavat, god of the
Mountains, imparted the longevity of theymoun-
tain peaks to the man's body. Hanuman, king ofthe
monkeys, taught him the tongue of all beasts so
thatthey might whisper to him of the asuratizayya's
Movements by night and refuges by day. As the
gods' creation was filled with power over life and
death, Shiva, destroyer of all things, decreed the
man's ultimate purpose: The destruction of the
Gsuratizayya who had openly defied their svadharma
to god and man alike. The man stood beneath the
ploty of the heavens once more, his blood boiling

times worse

With an all-consuming need for the annihilation of

the asuratizayya, and the gods knew satisfaction for
the first time.

But not all the gods approved of the terrible
creation. Three gods refused to bless the horror
that stood before them, foreseeing in the man a
threat fargreater than the asuratizayya. If the
siddhittizaya could reject their svadharma through
simple remptation, they wondered, could this
abomination one day do the same? Surya, god of the
sun, swore to, devour the man on sight, and threat-
ened to:thrist his face into the night itself should
the manieyer betray his purpose. Agni, god of fire,

provided his namesake with an everlasting hunger
forthe mariand his offspring so that they could be
burned from the world should they oppose their
svadharma. Brahma, the creator god, turned all four
faces from the horrific creation, denying the man
natural sustenance and cursing him to a thousand
lifetimes of physical and spiritual starvation, much
in the manner of the infernal horde. The gods now
saw they Had created a mockery of the asuratizayya.

Brahma provided a single gift to the man in the
Zapathasura, meaning "accursed
demon." Now complete, the creatufeventured into
the night and sowed the seeds of hiswrath upon the
asuratizayya. His followers-became their scourge
and drove the infernal hordefrom the night, push-
ing thém deep into the-wounds of the world and
sealing the fissures behind them. Driven with a
preternatural ferocity, Zapathasura scattered his
followers upon the face of the world S6"thatthey
would remainvever vigilant for signs.of thé infernal.

form of a name

This much is known to the average Eastern
Ravnos,-or those from jati that arrived in Europe
within the past few centuries. As always, the specif-
ics and order of the mythical stories passed along in
oral traditionsvary depending upon who tells the
tale, but thegeneral framework is intact and rarely
open to debate. For,example, in' some interpreta-
tions Sutyaimayhave actually levied a curse against
Zapathasura ratherthan a warning, but in all cases
Surya's presence causes suffering and Final Death
to Zapathasura and his brood.

Mythic Discrepancy

The tale of Zapathasura is little known to
Western Cainites, who name him the Antedilu-
vian Ravnos (or Ravana among jati who still honor
their Eastern origins). The clan's reliance on oral
history and the far-flung travels of the clan's jati
lead to a great disparity of clan origin stories
among the European branch, often tying in to


legends indigenous to the jati's region. Some de-
pict their progenitor as the pharaoh Akhenaton
cursed by the sun god Aten for daring to Worship
the sun. Others imply Ravnos is)actually Jésus'
disciple Judas, cursed to walk the earth by dark of
night, searching for those capable of betrayal so
that he may deliver punishment. Still more-teject
the tale of Raynos and invent stories ‘about their
founder Ravana, who they insist to be another
being entirely.

Ancient Times

As the ocean of humanity dashed itselfiagainst
the world, the Ravnos quietly followed the tide!
Where people developed trade, money and-com-
merce, the Charlatans saw opportunity. Where
kingdoms flourished and coffers overflowed) /the
nomadic Ravnos allowed themselves to settl
eral jati insinuated themselyes within ImperialRome
and Pharaonic Egypt, for within both empires thére
of iniquity. Some remained behind
after the fall of each, sifting through the ashes of

was no shortag

empire for pieces of silver, while*others took back
to the caravans to seek/out) the new \centers of
commerce which would surely arise.

The following five jati\are the most numerous
currently active in-Europe.

Alerandrites

The eldest jati in the West hails from the city-of
Alexandria where'it took root prior to the Ptole-
maic reign in Egypt.«Many Cainites are initially
reluctant to name them /Raynos, for they don't
easily fit the accepted steteotype. The Alexan-
drites are considered the mostwell-traveled of all
the jati, and unique outside of the Bastern Ravnos
for having long held a single*location to be their
ancestral home. Most hold their intéractions with
other Cainites to a level of formality worthy of
High Clan courts, but with the broad variation
throughout the jati there is room for deviation ify
this regard.

The Alexandrites emphasize their Egyptian
origin, implying a mystique and sanctity to their
actions that may not actually exist. Elders stress the
importance of etiquette with an archaic and ritual-
istic bent to protocol, shunning the vagabond image
of their clan held by other Cainites. Their teach-
ings stress that nothing is permanent and everything
can be replaced, and they apply the philosophy
equally to commerce and unlife

The elder Ramessu is the de facto head of the
Alexandrite jati, and though he certainly doesn't
control theaffairs of Cainites scattered throughout
the world, no Alexandrite has yet amassed as much
respect and political pull. He claims descent from
the pharaohsiand the gods, exhibiting his promi-
hence with overt displays of magical power; and he
insists on strict adherence to antiquated protocol
at all times' While he does not order members of his
jatias_acking would, his advice and insight carry
great weight with the Alex
those Who oppose him in most matters.

5 7
Bashirites

The CKarlatans who call themselves the
Bashirites follow the teachings of a Methuselah
named Bashir of Damascus, and exclusively Em-
brace) Christians. Bashit's/teachings preach of a

andrites, even among

coming apocalypse. These teachings weave Chris-
ge
thé-teturn ofethe Antediluvians, whom they be-
lieve wilbbring the world to its end. Bashir was said
to have met ChristHimself, who,forgave Bashir's
sins and charged him to. prepare for the Second
Coming'as Ais penance. For centuries Bashir
preached*his message ofa coming Apocalypse,

tian conviction into Cainite traditions, and pres

gathering his own flock and working to spread the
word; he vanished centuries ago, and many assume
he was the first Cainite to.truly achieve Golconda.
The specifics and details surroundingthe com-
ing day-of reckoning cause so much=contention
among the jati's membets*that there has been an
ideological split within,the Bashirites, resulting in
a slow power struggle and intermittent open con-
flict between the two preyailing schools of thought.
The majority of Bashirites follow Bashir's teach
ings as presented by hisichilde Varsik, who profess
to speakfor his Sire for the.duration of Bashir's
absence. \Varsik's Opponents see his doctrine as
antithetical to Bashit's initial message.

Varsik resides in Jerusalem and teaches a bs
tardization of the Via Paradoxi that heavily
incorporates Christian symbolism and parables into
Cainite teachings. According to Varsik, Bashiry
knew that Christ would return when the world is
filled with a boundless magnitude of strife, andj
forgive all of their sins. He argues that it is the jati's
obligation to fan the flames of discontent wherever
they travel to speed the return of the Savior.

The small but vocal opposition composed
mainly of elders and newly Embraced Ravnos con
demns Varsik's vision as potentially blasphemous

a)
se
ti)


in't
out
ich
om
ni-
he

col
his
rry
ng

They walk the Road of Heaven as Bashir taught and
see their role as much more reactive and instruc-
tive, focusing on encouragement of the virtues that
mirror the vices they know so well.. These "Lambs
of Bashir" see Varsik's machinations as an attempt
toforce Christ's hand, which they feel is an abomi-
Mable approach to the matter of the world'send. As
Bashir taught, the Apocalypse is foredrdainedyand
the great Day of Judgment willcome regardless of
the jati's attempts at degradation.

Sybarites

Few Charlatans find themselves able toyspeak
highly of the Sybarites. These black sheep»of the
jati are thought to descend from a high-ranking
Roman leader who was a confidant.of Caligula,
though the Sybarites claim descent from anyone
fom Julius Caesar to Romulus himself. Whoéver it
Was, the founder learned early,of the Cainite roads
and twisted them to Match' the excesses he had
practiced in life. He is\said to havé committed
Amaranth upon his_site-within 10 years*of-his
Embrace, and encouraged those in-his own jati to do
the same to any Cainite unworthy of defending his

Dol Have To PLay ONE OF THESE?
layers unsatisfied with the choices of
jati, or who have a great idea that

Joesn't seem to fit within the existing descrip-

ions, are encouraged to developjati of their own.

Any Ravnos with a small brood and an agenda

can declare his line a jati, so players should not

feel the need to limit themselves.

Use the existing jati as examples when de
veloping a new one. Focus on the jati's founder,
any current ideologues who hold sway with th
jati's members, the core philosophy that differen-
tiates this jati from the others, and the movement
f the jati from India to other parts of the world

ically the jati adopts
and culture from the areas through which it

Is, fusing it all with Indian heritage and
nds. Upon what Viae does the jati most oftei
ead? Are there any major philosophic branches

ments of language

or rivalries with other jati? Where does the jati
currently travel?

When you have answered these questions,
present the jati to the Storyteller so that she can
help you work it into her game. The Storyteller,
if course, has final say in all such matters.

position. His dark experiments led to the creation
of what would become the Road of Paradox, al-
though many Ravnos who follow its teachings are
loath to,admit any Sybarite connection.

Now the' Sybarites call Italy their home and
display a strong presence throughout the Mediter-
fanean. They are the supreme example of Charlatan
self-interest, for they care only for themselves and
theitloyaltiesto one another. No debauchery is too
excessive; no depravity goes too far. Where other
Ravnos must walk their nights with the yearnings
of sin whispering into their ears, the Sybarites serve

as sin's, conduits. They accede to any urge, no
thattet how base, for they believe only in becoming
an avatar of sin can one turn humanity's greatest
failing into" personal success. Some take the ex-
cesses $0 far that they are trulydiabolic in nature,

following the Via Peccati's Path of Screams.

Yoryari

Karmenita Yoryari initially brought a band of
disillusioned Sybarites with her to Iberia to focus ona
more spirituahapproach to the Road of Paradox. Her
followers believe that everything happens for a rea-
son, and that the most powerful! people, items and
power structures exist as only in finite amounts. They
believe there is only room/fora limited number of
these-people, items and structures of power, and that
the entrenched must be-worn down or destroyed to
make room for.the new to takesits place, or else the
world will stagnate and end.

This philosophy makes themmany Enemies, but
theif approach to the matter as a sacred duty rather
than @ personal indulgenée has earned the jati some
unexpected allies/Ofall theRavnos, the Yoryari have
the strongest connections ta the Furores, who they see
as most capable of bringing such change to the world.
The jati opposes formalization within the clan and
presents an émphasison the need for fresh ideas rather
than calcifi¢ation; the Furores currently align in pur-
pose'and vision

Karmenita calls Lisbon her home; there her most
ardent followers work with éomplicated mathematics
and geometries to develop numerological formulae

telated to the duration of power and influence. She
often delivers harsh lectures against the Ravnos need
for immediate self

more curious by the persistent gossip that places the

gratification, a proclivity made

founder of the Sybarites as her sire. She refuses to
speak of her lineage, preferring to focus on matters of
the present


Pbhacdymites

This offshoot of the Alexandrites follows the
teachings of the elder Phaedyme, who in life is said to
have marched in the army of Alexander the Great

wearing the guise of a man out of defiance for the low i ; ba
expectations held for her sex. Phaedyme's life and Lif Ka

subsequent existence as a Cainite has a long history of eal
such rebellions, and her progeny see rebellion as their S$ fick
calling. In deference to their founder, Phaedymites \ apt
tend to work against the sin that flows through WN y Th
their veins, denying what other Ravnos see as 4 NS . SA S\e / infl
inevitable. The framework of chivalry en-

vigi
courages them to strive for virtue rather than

. 5 lon
vice. N \ iY, Thy

Phaedyme's descendents are unlike most \\\ at ) lan:
other Ravnos, for they walk the Path of Chiv- ; sum
alry. The bulk of the jati adhere strongly to the v

principles of honor, obligation and honesty with ass

sent
trea
with
Eur
ing
Phaedymite power (such as it is) lies in France, al- 5 Gry We
though ages-old Toreador bias in Paris makes them

little deviation. In recent years, princes have ap-
proached them to serve as a buffer when dealing with
the "less trustworthy" Ravnos, and their success as
intermediaries between their own clan and others has
exceeded even their own expectations. The heart of

e

unwelcome in that city. While none of the Toreador } leven
who carry on the grudge can cite any causeforthefeud f/} of th
that they personally observed, they can expound at
length upon the things they have heard, and share
persistent rumors as to the crimes committed against

them.

beyo
as
gene
tural
Many Phaedymites serve as messengers entrusted | maki
with important documents, for Cainite lords who andt
know their reputation are quick to take advantage of
their veneer of impartiality. Others function as trou- Y f " Be
badours who document and preserve the history of i \ :

the unliving, recording the nightly proceedings and , 1
- news
iss

personalities among Cainite courts and gatherings. A

number travel with the Crusaders, whether as partici- e

pants or observers present to chronicle the events. Hae y i lands

Zz 4 ° AX

The Dark Ages a) . di
As trade routes expand and more travel occurs = fedoe
between East and West, so do the numbers of Ravnos cen

spread across the face of the world. Recent years have early

Marse

é Z)\ report
whether this is a good or bad thing. Western Ravnos so ofunk

eager to avoid the mortal hunt for heresies and the belly
Cainite War of Princes find eastward travel a conve- a Ga Sybari
nient alternative to persecution or death, and the

seen an unprecedented amount of contact between
the two branches of the clan, and nobody is yet sure

hunt for the asuratizayya brings a trickle of Eastern
Raynos to European lands.

Zapathasura's Brood

The Indian Ravnos structure themselves around
both Indian culture and the teachings ofthe
Karavalanisha Vrana. To provide the Embrace'outside
one's caste is unthinkable, and intractable socialdivi-
sions in life carry into the living death. This rigid
approach has driven away whole jati ovér'the years.
They tend to assume their homestead issfree of the
influence of the asuratizayya due'to their eternal
vigilance, and all places beyond their protection have
long since been despoiled or ruinéd by the infernal:
The Eastern Charlatans who venture beyond their
lands often return with tales that reinforce this as-
sumption.

The Eastern Ravnos believe a Variety -6f-things
about the Western Charlatans. Some feel they repre-
sent branches of the clan that lost their-way~by
treading too far from the spiritual home of Zapathasura
without adhering to his teachings. Others believe the
Europeans are no better than the asuratizayya, point-
ing to the polluted Via Paradoxi practiced by their
Western cousins as evidence of their corruption. The
existence of the Sybarites underscores these fears, but
even those who talk of purifying the Western branch
ofthe clan agree that a purge isn't likely to.extend far
beyond the Sybarite jati" Other Cainites are regarded
as pale shadows of Zapathasura's caretakers, but ‘are
generally tolerated as long as they display basic-cul-
tural respect and a desire to destroy the infernal, Many
make little distinétion between the Followers of Ser
and the asuratizayya:

Points of Contention

The Ravnos are spread far and wide, but bad
fews travels fast among theeclan. The following
issues are those of which most Ravnos in European
lands are aware.

AFamily Divided

Full-fledged conflict between jati is rare, but when
itdoes happen the clan's loyalties are tested. The most
tecent example is the slaughter of a dozen Sybarites in
early AD 1230 by a small coterie of Phaedymites in
Marseilles. Phaedyme's knights were investigating
teports of local slavery rings and encountered a group
ofunknown Cainites loading mortals into the cramped
belly of a ship. They massacred the unsuspecting
Sybarites, discovering after the fact that the Prince of

Marseilles had commissioned them to covertly deliver
alocal noble's relatives and household staff to safety in
Alexandria to avoid the attention of his rivals.
Though the Phaedymites immediately offered their
bound Sybarite elders as penance for their
mistake, the enraged Sybarites rejected the offer and
demanded a mote brutal kind of reparation. They de-
voted their attentions to the eradication of the entire jati
for one year from the point of the Phaedymite crime and
have invoked ancient protocols, which they claim re-
quires the assistance of all other jati.

rvice to the

Most of the Ravnos who have no direct involve-
ment are unhappy with their brethren for placing
them. in thé unwelcome position of having to take
sides with one jati or the other. Never before has a jati
sought authorization for another's destruction, and
many fearitsets a dangerous precedent. Many Char-
latans-approached by the Sybarites for information
regarding Phaedymite conéemns grant only the most
rudimentary assistance; although individual Ravnos
with grudgesagainsethe chivalric jati are less reluctant
to provide support.

That other Cainites grow aware of the fractious-
ness within thé-clan speaks of its povential to harm
more than just the two involved jati: The destruction
of a Phaedymité advisor in service to a Ventrue prince
led to/the Warlord's reprisals-against many uncon-
nectéd Ravnos in the region, whom he believed to be
targeting his inner cirele. The Yoryari in particular
grow quite vocal about the cessation of the Sybarite
campaign, but the elders.of more prominéntyjati have
so far remained silent.

Epic Hunt

The Karavalanisha Vrana has long held a position
Of prominence among, the Eastern Ravnos, but it
remains an. in¢omplete work with significant gaps.
Most notably absent is the~poem's:ending, which is
tumored to lie with Zapathasura himself. With the
European atrivalof new jati comes renewed interest in
the epic poem among the Western Ravnos. Inspired
in part by the Crusades;some European Ravnos have
entered intopilgrimage to seek out the missing pieces
of this religious text.

The Eastern Ravnos are less than thrilled with
this development, for they see the recent influx of
Ravnos as little more than heathen children who will
unwittingly destroy traces of the divine. This turn of
events spurned a renewed interest in their own hunt
for the poem's remainder, and tacitly sparked a race to
find Zapathasura. Many Eastern Ravnos who them-
selves don't participate directly still find themselves


involved, whether to provision their brethren or mis-
direct the Western Ravnos.

Worse yet are the reckless gaje who seek out hives of
dormant asuratizayya with the misguided intentions 6f
slaughtering them while they slumber. Three such-at-
tempts in the Northern provinces have already unléashed
great havoc upon the land, and there is*great debate
between influential Eastern Ravnos elders who urge
either the destruction of the trespassing Western Ravnos
or seeking aid in slaying the asuratizayya.

Player's Toolboy

Players interested in pursuing clan issues may find
inspiration in the following:

Enemies Without Number

© The Gangrel have recently,.taken to attacking
Charlatans moving along trade routes, targeting
Ravnos specifically with apparently no other goal
than eradication. You know this to be true, for you
have already lost your sire and your coterie to the
reckless Animals. You must find a way to repay them
in kind for attacking your family, but the Gangrel
know these lands better than you could, even if you
had a dozen lifetimes to learn them

¢ Almostall Ravnos know the name of Etienne de
Faubergé, the Ravnos Prince of Acre and childe of
Varsik. Etienne is a vassal of Lord Jiirgen

at least
nominally. You, a servant (or perhaps even childe) of
Etienne, are charged with traveling west and report-
ing to the Swordbearer. This would be a distasteful
enough task; but you happen to know that Etienne is
seeking a way to break his alliance with Jiirgen, and
what then will become of you?

© The asuratizayya aren't limited to the East. You've
discovered evidence of the demons in Western Europe,
and no matter what the Ravnos in India might say,
you're determined to fulfill your clan's purpose and
destroy these beings. Europe presents opportunities that
the East does not, however —such as subtly guiding the
Inquisition towards the demons...

Goadharma

 Youare an adherent of the Road of Paradox, and
as such believe that Cainites are removed from
svadharma by the Embrace. Mortals, however, must be
guided towards their destiny and should not die under
the fangs of any Cainite — murder is a grave offense
against the universe. The domain in which you reside,
however, is the territory of aCappadocian ancilla who

feels no remorse over slaughtering humans for the sake
of his research.

© Theworld is illusion, and by means of Chimerstry
you can réweave the very fabric of reality. This power
belongs to your clan alone, and yet you have heard
stories of mortals claiming to possess this ability. They
call themselves by many different names — sorcerers,
mages, will-workers, shamans — but whatever their
title, you'cannot abide their blasphemy. You will eat
of their flesh and drink of their blood, and then they
will know what.réwards maya holds.

The Wages of Sin

© Inthe fitst few years of your unlife, you managed
to havea blood*hunt ¢alled against you in no fewer
than' six domainsNow, you've decided to vary the
game a bit. Youintend to become part of a coterie (the
coterie's function orpurpose isn't so important to you,
but you intend to make sure it Contains at least one
firstcursed) and slowly bring its members to the notice
of those in high places. Your eventual goal is to bring
the blood hunt,down on the entire coterie, but you
intend to stretchout the game for as long as possible.

¢ Yourdestiny is sin, and damn the other Cainites
if they would fault you for it. Your mortal life prepared
you well for your. Embrace; you learned what God
abhorred and now you must take the role of a being He
would find abhorrent. Somewhere in your soul, how-
ever, a flutter of conscience cries out against your
Sybaritic behavior; but your mentor assures you it will
quiet in time.

Tremere

You think I sought our exile — you of all people?
Better a hundred cries of "heretic" and a thousand
Tzimisce swords than the Order's words of scorn that
horrible night... But if they will not follow us, then let
them die out, like the dragons whose stone skeletons |
chip out of the cliff-sides.

— Goratrix to Meerlinda, AD 1202

Prior to the Great Experiment in AD 1022
that transformed Tremere and his seven closest
followers into the undead, Tremere history rightly
belongs to the history of wizards, not of Cainites.
The wizards themselves are a dwindling kind, in-
creasingly harder to find even in rumor. Perhaps
even the mightiest of them are meeting their
mortal deaths at last. Perhaps they've simply gone
into hiding. In any case, the gulf between the
Tremere and their former colleagues has only wid-
ened with time. Two hundred years ago, every


Usurper magus took care to teach his pupils the
tic Order. Now
ithardly seems to matter anymore; the f

story of the founding of the Herr
st holds
little but painful memories of a more innocent
time, and maybe the Seven would rather certain
bygones stay buried for more political reasons
Still, most Tremere know at least the overall shape
Of the following history, though the ignorance
grows with each new generation

Origins

Hermeticism, the movement from.whith the
Houses of Hermes arose, may trace its*déépest-roots
back to the cults of Mercury\in*Mmost ancieng times.
Cicero insists tharthere were really five Mereuriés
the last of which slew Argus and subsequently fled to

Egypt where he took-the name Thoth. Augustine

: The astronomer Atlas,
contemporary of Moses, brother of Prometheus, was
elder Mei
grandfather to Hermes Trismegistus, who himself
predated Socrates and all the Greek sages

elaborates on this genealc

randfather to the cury," who was in turn

Whatever the truth ofall this, the Tremere know for
certain that by the second century AD a community of
Hermetic initiates flourished in Alexandria. There their
doctrine both competed and blended with Gnosticism
and the infant Christian religion, and their encyclope-
di¢knowlédge ofall thingsnatural and unnatural filtered

piecemeal into Christian scholarship.

Acoum Aureoluim Magicae

Durin@the Roman Empire's yeafs of glory, the
large poftion of the world that it occupied came as
close to building a trily global culture as any human

THE EMERALD TABLET

6" Emerald Tablet, also known as the
Y Smaragdine and the Tabula Smaragdina,
isa major — if not the major — foundation text
of Hermeticism. In thirteen short sentences, it
both provides the blueprint for the Great Work
of alchemy and states the first guiding truth of
all Hermetic magic: "As above, so below;" i.e.,
the material world and the higher realities re-
flect each other, and therefore can be made to
touch and affect each other by one with the
proper knowledge.

Tales say that Alexander the Great pried
the Emerald Tablet from the withered hands of
Hermes Trismegistus, whose body he found en-
tombed in a cave near Hebron. Hermes
Trismegistus himself, the founder of Hermeti-
cism, is a figure even more swathed in legend
than Alexander. Perhaps he was a sorcerer-king
of old Egypt who ruled from a golden city con-
secrated to the Sun, built the hanging gardens
of Babylon and invented writing; or perhaps he
was a god of magic and learning, the close
partner of Thoth in imparting the gifts of wis-
dom to mankind; or perhaps he was Thoth.

The Tremere, for their part, prefer the sor-
cerer-king theory, but readily believe that
through his arts Hermes ascended to true im-
mortality and power worthy of any god of
antiquity. For reasons all too apparent to other
Cainites, they have a special fondness for sto-
ties of apotheosis.

Hermes also wrote thousands of other works, but
the best-known are the Corpus Hermeticum, forty-two
books which contain the sum of all ancient knowl-
edge. The mortal world believes these books to have
been lost after the destruction of the Library at Al
andria (although supposedly they escaped burningand
were smuggled out to be buried in the desert instead,
and various fragments have been preserved by the old
Greek and Arab scholars). The average Tremere
chantry library, however, usually boasts anywhere

froma half to two dozen volumes of the Corpus.. As for

the rest? Well, no few magi, even some who certainly
should be more cynical in their old age, are successfully
kept in line by superiors who claim to possess precious
remnants of the fabled work — which, of course, they
will show only to the truly worthy.

"As above, so below" explains the ‘miracle' of
Thaumaturgy and indeed of vampiric Disciplines.
Just as each planet in the firmament above rules a
certain aspect of worldly existence, gems, herbs,
animals and other things of nature carry ‘virtues'
which correspond to and call upon higher prin-
ciples. Mortal blood is plainly replete with magical
virtues; indeed, magi speculate that it carries the
very essence of Man, who of all living creatures is
the nearest image of the Creator. Other Cainites,
the pitiable creatures, have discovered some of the
magics it can fuel through millennia of painful trial
and error. The Tremere, however, mean to discover
and exhaust the full spectrum of its vast potential in
a fraction of the time.


endeavor ever has. Part of that forming global culture
arose from the swapping and blending of religious
ideas. Egyptian gods and goddesses in particular be-
came famous outside their native lands, and the cults
of Isis and of Thoth-Hermes-Mercury spread even to
Rome itself. But those years passed, inevitably, and
when Rome fell the cults disbanded and dispersed.
The new religion of the cross, the barbarian invasions
and the general decay of all exchange (commercial
and cultural) conspired to make it a very hard world
for followers of ancient wisdom.

Still, although most offshoots ,ofthé!old cults
forgot their origins and any systemati¢ understanding
of what arts they still/possessed, some did their best'to
preserve theirleg Some even approached other
groups of tnagit-workets, both of their own tradition
and of "exotic" traditions like Druidisnror the Dianic
mysteries — but the distrust sowed in those cha6tic
times was toogreat. Such contacts led to.witch-war as
often as to:any‘productive alliance.

nir

The Founding of the Houses

Then, ‘in theeighth century, @ mage named
Trianomaformed a partnership with another named
Bonisagus. She'd had avision of the Hermeties united
once moré; he was-on=the, verge of completing a
universal-theory of magic. This theory \had already
allowed him todevelop what‘he called\ the parma
magica, a magical "shield" withwhich magi could
protect themselves from each Other without resorting
to maleficitim. With theaid of the parma magica, the
leaders of twelve groups ten descended from the old
Hermetics, two of exotic origin — wereable to meet
safely at Diirenmar in AD 767 to convéne what would
become the Order of Hermes.

Among' those twelve leaders was.a magus hamed
Tremere:He wentrelatively-unnoticed at the time)
due to his'youth and-inexperience«In fact, he hadn't
even technically heeninyited: His old teacher Guorna
had, but Guomadiedshortlyafterréceiving Trianoma's
invitation, and so.hiS two'séniér pupils, Tytalus-and
Tremere, each'¢ame.irhis place! Neither could agree
to yield to the other's authority. Int the ititerests*of
peace it was decided that since they both already had
substantial followings of their own, they could stand
equally as brothers in the new order.

Thus were House Tremere and House Tytalus,
along with all the rest, born. Knowledge that had
been hoarded, garbled and rotted was brought into
the light again and shared (relatively) freely. A
new golden age of magic dawned. House Tremere
chose to stake its claim in the eastern part of Europe

—which most Hermetics had avoided up until that
point. But it seemed replete with natural forma-
tions rich in the magical power known to the
wizards as vis: vast mountains, forbidding hilltops,
shining rivers, deep forests hiding ancient glades,
They soon discovered why its depths had gone
untouched for so long. Forest and mountain, town
and village were haunted with creatures whose fell
powers, while nowhere near as "enlightened" as
the Hermeti¢s'commanded the fear of commoner
and magus alike. Rayening skin-turners roamed
the countryside;.and insmany places, the blood
dritkers known.as vampyr hid behind courtly
thrones. Indeed, in\some places, they boldly as
sumed the throne themselyes, ruling as dread gods
or.dévil-lords.

But. Tremere had decided 16 make these lands his
own wizard's realm, and he was notone-to back down
from a course‘once hé-had chosen it. In ‘time, this
quality of his became a hallmark of his house and later
of his clan.He and his seven closest followers built
their high chantry of Georis in Transylvania, along
with dozens.of othets all across Europe. (For more
information on Ceoris and Tremere history connected
to-it, see. House of Tremere.) Over the/next few
centuries, they succeeded not only*in, séizing many

aching an "under
with the Carpathian night-folk (meaning
that all parties involved understood they couldn't
afford-an all-out war against each other), but also in
becoming a powerful force within the Hermetic Or
der. In AD 1012 they convineéd their fellow wizards
to.condemin to mass execution the one house which
most loudly criticized the Tremere's methods of con-
quest: the Druidic House Diedne Though one by one
the founders of the other houses died or wandered off
into more esoteric planes, Tremere lived on, unifying
and fortifying-his house against all enemies.

The Sransformation

The-next-part-of the story iS known by heart to

geomantically potent sites;and

standing'

every Tremere appréntice, nomatter how ignorant or
unreflective; after all, it's the historical dogma by
Which the Seven justify their first terrible, irrevocable
step across immortality's threshold.

By the 10th century, it was painfully clear to the
Hermetic Order that the world they knew had gone
awry. Sites great and small had become depleted of
their vis. Spells that had always gone off without @
hitch started fizzling or producing terrible side eff
Bonisagus' previously unassailable theories seemed

inc
the
ing

irs
asst
pec
rive
mu)
larg
cay)
wer
Cer
turi
wis
mir
ine:

abo
Swi
con
inte
doz
tem
Tre
inte
phil
ofc
the

skil

fron
thal
intl
wan
arts
ther
subj
ing

AD
Tzit
app
Vari

the
wor
ritu:
to ¢€

increasingly less sound the further researchers pursued
them, and the advancement of magical understanding
ingeneral ground to a halt.

Even more distressingly, time-honored youth elix-
its began to fail. Most magi, being reclusive, either
assumed that the trouble was something local or
peculiar to them, or else blamed various enemies —
tival houses, diabolists, the fae, the Church, even the
mundane folk themselves. By the time the Order at
lige began discussing the problem, things had-de?
tayed to the point where the very mightiest' Wizards
Were facing the end of their longevity and-power.
Centuries of labor, sacrifice and terrible choices, een-
tlifies spent pursuing the gfeat-secrets) centuries' of
Wisdom accumulated, all buried within a/ few great
minds and hearts; all: to be snuffed-out now. by some
inexplicable twist of the World-Soul,

Unthinkable.
The Great Experiment

Tremere and his seven closest protégés cast
Etrius)a
Swiss whos®wild boyhood talent-had defied all
control until Tremere taught him.to channel it,
interrogated scores of Conjured spirits and built a
dozen different reconstructions of Bonisagus' /sys-
tem. Meeflinda of Wessex, the one woman whom
Tremefe had deemed worthy to accompany him
into the highest sanctums.of*the manly realm of
philosophy, developed a plan.to connect anetwork
Of chantries into one massive working to wring out
the earth's remaining vis, then set all her diplomatic
skill to convincing the needed magi to cooperate

about desperately forsome alternative

Goratrix, however, whom-Tremere had saved
from the stake as a young man in Poitou, realized
that the key to-their survival might lie somewhere
inthe bodies of the shapechangers and vampyri that
wandered the'wilds surtounding Ceoris. Using his
arts, he captured several such Creatures and studied
them both whole and dissectedsBut his captive
Subjects were less thaireoopérative in demonstrat
ing and explaining theit occult powers, and so in
AD 1005 he decided to create his own. He forced a
Tzimisce prisoner to pass its curse on to two of his
apprentices and spent the next few decades
Various experimentations upon them.

In AD 1022 he announced to the other six of
the Seven that he'd developed a process to refine a
Working elixir from vampire blood. However, the
titual would require the cooperation of his fellows
to effect. He sent out a rather imperious letter
telling them it would be in their best interests to

come, unless perhaps they liked the prospect of
creaking joints and soft foods; his letter was fol-
lowed by a far more persuasive one from Tremere
himself. That winter they gathered at Ceoris for
the grand working.

The details of the spell itself remain secret for
obvious reasons, and several versions of the gossip circu-
late. A few of the Seven have confided to their followers
that the transformation took them entirely by surprise.
Etrius, grumbles that he never looked for
anything-but betrayal from Goratrix. Meerlinda always
gives the'same answer when asked: "Of course we all
hoped fora livingimmortality; whether we truly expected
to get it is amoot point. The only path that matters now
is the path-before us. We've bought time, at least, and
with time all things are possible." Goratrix himself has
said al few-things that lead some' to believe the ritual's
miscarriage was an honest mistake on his part. But then,

however,

he's said other things thaecause many more to'think he
and Tremere both‘knew all along that-undeath\was at
least a likely result.

As for Tremere, he"never spéaks‘on:the subject
but in the vaguest terms.

One can only imagine the séreams, recriminations
and bloody. tears that must"have followed that night
when the Seven awoke fromttheit ritual's completion to
find what they had become,
momentthat Tremere provedhis leadership dice again.
He cooled Goratrix's indignant-furyand shook Etrius
and the rest free of their rage and despair: What wasdone
was done, he

Allagree\it was in this

‘aid — a sentiment many a Tremere since
has echoed — and now the quest for‘immortality had
given way to new challenges. They hadost their old
magic and must find a new kind. They must consider
how to move forward without attracting the notice of
the other Houses of Hermes, who wouldsurely view this
asan-abomination to be nipped in the bud. Above all,

they must/learn to'suryive.
The Leimisce and
the Oinen War

In voivode audience chambers throughout the
Transdanubian lands, koldun sorcerers and Shaper-

priests who had not paid homage for years suddenly

turned up to issue dire but vague warnings of disaster.
The black blood of the earth was roiling with a new
pain, they said. The gods would not accept the usual
propitiations. A new bane had arisen in the country,
a bane christened in Tzimisce blood. The Tzimisce as
aclan had failed in their sacred duties to the land and
unless they changed their ways at once, they would be


made to pay not only for their sins but for those of the
wizard blasphemers who had taken up residence so
nearby. No few of them were laughed out of court

Even where their predictions were taken seriously,
little direct action followed. The various Tzimisce lin-
eages had always quarreled among themselves, and any
pretense of unity they'd once possessed had already
cracked under pressure from a succession of Ventrue
who now sought and gained domains within tradition-
ally Tzimisce country. Nevertheless, several key voivodes
managed to overcome their mutual fear of betrayal long
enough to mount a determined campaign against the
Tremere chantries in their lands. Vladimir Rustovich
was chief among-thése, and he convinced a few broods
of Gangrel and Nosferatu who had allied with his house
profitably before to join his.war effort.

Very shortlyafter the Experiment, the Seven had
infected a number of the score or So\of chantries in
Eastern Europe with the Embrace. This Was a course
few of them-acttally thought wisey"except perhaps
Goratrix, but Tremere insisted: He pointed out that
the strength of the Tremere had always been their
ability to workin concert; more Cainite magi meant
more research into the adaptation of Hermetic theory
to vampiric capabilities. More likely, he simply had no
intention of giving up theshouse he had founded so
long agoshis proudest achievement. If he had fallen
into damnation, it would just have to come along with
him, He discoveredto his,chagrin that chantries of
vampire magi fell to Tzimisce assault far more quickly
than the mortal sort. The Fiends:knew much more
about fighting Gainites than wizards, after all, and the
vampire magi were all burhelpless in any ease, stripped

of theirold powets-and unacquainted withthe new.

Over Goratrix's protests and much to -Etrius' re-
lief, Tremére decided that the ultimate conversionof
House Tremere would have to proceed gradually, and
so it did. Mortal Tremere did the greater part of the
work in repelling Tzimisce dépredations —unwit-
tingly proteéting the creatures that'skulked behind
them (and inaveryfewases among them), while the
arned the-Arrt in a new fornvand awaited
the right time to bring the entire House over the
threshold. The Tzimisce withdrew to lick their wounds,
rethink their strategy and blame each others' patri-
archs and matriarchs for their failure. This sequence
was repeated on larger and larger scale over the next
two centuries. Thinking back to the koldun auguries
that started it all and appalled by what they found in
the chantries they vanquished, the younger T:
who laid most of the actual sieges took to calling their

vampires rel

misce

crusade the "war of omens." But in truth, the real war

had yet to be joined because the Tremere remainedon
the defensive. That, of course, would change.

The Gargoyles

Seeing that they couldn't hold out forever against
the Fiends, Tremere and most of the Seven slipped out
of Transylvania during a period of relative peace and
went abroad in search of various things to help their
fledgling-bloodline. Some hoped to make pacts with
other Cainites who.seemed to hate the Tzimisce as
muchasthe Tremere nowdid. Others, notably Tremere
himself afd Etrius; who accompanied him, were far
more mysterious about their purpose.

Goratrix was left in sole charge of Ceoris, where,
free now of the others' constant méddling, he turned
with new energy to what had always been his greatest
talent: magieal experimentation: As a mortal held
earned the sobriquet "Goratrtix the Sleepless" for his
tendency to work night after night when faced witha
thorny problem. Now he stayed.tip days, battling the
fatigue of the sunlithours. Even assigns of yet another
Tzimisce siege mounted like storm clouds, he hunkered
in his laboratory.

He even had the audacity toenlist visiting mortal
colleagues in trapping and dissecting the' Nosferatu
and Gangrel spies that now lurkedaboutt the chantry,
Of course he was pale and tired-looking — his labora:
tory hadno windows; after all; and he had to keep such
strange hours because he was researching the night
folk. The gleam in his eye as-he6péned,a vein and
collected its ichor was surelythe simple thrill of
discovery. Within a mere decade, he and his cohorts
devised

1 way of cobbling ‘togetherea new' sort of
creature, one that possessed all the fabled strength of
the undead but lacked any memory of a prior exist
ence, a blank slate upon which its Tr
might write whatever they wished. These monstrosi-
ties were dubbed Gargoyles for-their resemblance to
the grotesques that décorated so many. buildings and
manuscripts.

mere masters

The-Tzimisce professed themselves horrified by
the Gargoyles when Goratrix'tinleashed them to dey-
astating effect in AD 1125; but those Cainites who
knew the Fiends better shook their heads. The
Tzimisce, after all, had called themselves Shapers for
time out of mind, and with good reason. They'd spent
centuries cultivating their families of blood-servants,

breeding them and twisting their flesh until they no
more resembled ordinary humanity than the Tzimisce
themselves. In battle one could glimpse more terrible
creations yet, szlachta war-ghouls and even the vozhd,
which were supposedly cobbled together in similar

fast

out
I

the
aga
Caj
stre
wis
skil
eld
flat
in}

gyn
and

Me
Me
Tre
wik
gray
wes
first
anr
mo
dec
anc
cha
mel
for¢
tow
nor
que
sior
tof,
did)
the
kne

Tre
eld
rest
carl
was
Em)
tho
hov
bet
dre;
tog
had

fashion to the Gargoyles. Oddly similar, some pointed
Out suspiciously...

Saulot

While the chantry-folk in Eastern Europe gritted
their collective teeth and hung on as best they could
against the Tzimisce, Tremere and Etrius studied the
Cainite race — its origins, its various lineages, its
Strengths and weaknesses. Tremere soon found=it
Wisest to pose as anything but what he was. Hebecame
skilled at impersonating the Brujah,.and-since the
elders of that clan were surprisingly, vulnerable to
flattery by neonatesclaiming to take a sincere interést
in their learning, he cajoled his Way. into' many a
MMnasium and its trove of books. and scrolls. Later he
and Etrius poréd over' the notes he'd made.

They also' received Vital information.from
Meerlinda, who'd settled in England, and.her agents.
Meerlinda-had realized that given the Cainite diet,
Tremete chantries would"need»to move out of the
Wilds and into the cities..She sent her childer and
grandchildér, as far east ‘as Constantinople and as far
West as Compostela to found new communities. At
first, hoping to impress their hosts, these agents openly
announced their origins‘as self-created Cainites: But
Most princes either didm's behiewe a word of ix, on elise
declared it a blasphemy against some sort of vast
ancient heritage they. believed) they had. Entire
chantries were rooted our and'destroyed as punish-
ment for this blasphemy.-Sometimes the princes' own
forces led the attack»Sometimes other Cainites of the
towndid it, but the princes usually found some pretext
Not to tule against the killers. (Since the chantries in
question had often failed to seek the princes*permis-
sion before Setting up shop, pretexts were not difficult
tofind.) Meetlindaand her spies learned quickly, and
didn't make such mistakes of ignorance for long, but
thedamage had already been done. The Tremere were
known as the Usurpers from those nights forth.

Putting together the clues they'd all gathered,
Tremere and Etrius-determined that the potency of
elder blood was what the Tremere lacked t'earnmthe
fespect of the other clans; that and a founder who
¢attied the blood of the Third Generation of Caine. It
Was plainly too late to seek Father Caine out for the
Embrace, or the slain Second Generation — if indeed
those legends were true at all. Tremere reasoned,
however, that if one of the existingclan founders could
be uncovered and that founder's blood drunk to the
dregs, then the other clans would have no choice but
togrant the Tremere a place among them. The Tremere
had already stumbled onto the secret of diablerie in

the course of the Omen War. Now Tremere and his
followers pursued it systematically, climbing the lad-
der of generations, preparing themselves to go up
against the founder they would choose. Etrius (whose
research had been essential in reaching this decision)
protested this as a vile sacrilege, but in the end he
obeyed his master and followed suit. No doubt the
thought of being left behind, weak-blooded, while
Goratrix-doubled or tripled in might spurred him on
somewhat

How the Usurpers happened upon the choice of
Saulot, few could say. Perhaps some enemy of the
Salubri passed"them word of his resting-place. The
Salubri wattiors had earned many énemies, among
whonrthe Baali were simply foremost/ Or perhaps the
Tremere found Saulor all bythemselyes. They do tend
totake the initiative, afterall. IN AD 1133 they found
the ancient's\tomb, deep*if. the Anatolian desert
where so many Crusader ghosts walked, and Tremere
and the S hey expected to meet
any number of wards-and-guardians*as they moved
from threshold to innér crypt, but while they could see
the marks of old enchantments laid millennia ago,
their power seemed to have faded ‘or broken. Whis-
pered gossip among rankifig Tremere claims that the
ancient never even resisted.

ven gathered there. 1

The Salubri, ne
shortly afterward,

er numerous, began.to disappear
hose Cainites of other clans who
looked to them as paragons, even a sort of errant priest-
hood, publicly blamed the Tremere for this: Many others,
however, distrusted the Cyclops nearly as deeply as they
did the Usurpets. Now Meerlinda's intrigues began to
bear fruit. Powerful princes of the Ventrue and Toreador
clans, most especially those Ventrue who hungered for
Tzimisce land, had grown quite attached 6 their court
magicians and the unheard-of tricks they-could perform.
And so; old suspicions about the Salubri that no one had
bothered to rehearse-for centuries*wére dug up and re-
circulated. Even those princes, voitodes.and elders who

shelteréd fleeing Cyclops often found it politically incon-
venienttomake their sympathies known:Far more chose
to simply stand by asthe atrocity unfolded among them,
mouths full of empty platitudes and excuses.

BRecent Nights

By AD 1230, all but the extraordinarily inatten-
tive realize that the Tremere won't be content with a
place in the Low Clans. The High Clans, however,
believe they can keep the wizards in their proper place
simply by refusing them the resources they would need
to rise any higher. In most cities, the Tremere are
constrained to the poorest quarters, their numbers


strictly controlled by the prince's sole right to grant
the Embrace. In others, they may not formally claim
domain at all, but a tacit understanding permits them
to squat, usually in the suburbs, as long as they can
keep out from underfoot. Of course, should they
become disobedient — or should the prince need a
convenient scapegoat — even that half-welcome
evaporates. In a few cases, regents have sworn partial
or full blood oaths to some elder of the city; this is a
violation of the oath all Tremere take when they enter
the Blood, and punishable by Final Death, but when
the fate of the chantry hangs upon it, a regent may see
no other choice.

The MassasaWar
Although the §

hide the gradual turning of their house from the rest of
the Hermetic Order, a deception on that scale could

ven tried as long as they could to

only persist for so long. Magi of the different houses
didn't come together often, but occasional large con-
claves required the attendance of important Tremere.
The absence of so many who had always been so active
became conspicuous with the mounting decades.
House Tremere ceased to dominate, and in fact seemed
to fade away.

The other Hermetics, however, knew all too well
that fading away was not in the Tremere character
Their slow, patient investigations hit dead ends atfirst
(lite
those they spied upon. At long last, a band of refugees
from old House Tremere — those very few mortals
who had stumbled across the truth without falling
prey to it— were able to find magi willing to listen to
their incredible story. The primi of the remaining
houses metin AD 1202. After three days and nights of
testimony, with remarkably little dithering, they sen-
tenced House Tremere in absentiato death and enjoined
every faithful magus to cooperate in making it so.

ally) and spies met fates no less mysterious than

In AD 1230, the Order is still making some effort
to carry this sentence out, but the actual fighting of
what they call the Massasa War has subsided over the
past few decades. The Order has enemies a good deal
more immediately threatening than the Tremere,
most notably the shadow-hunters of the Church. For
their part, the Tremere prefer to slip away into hiding
from their former brethren rather than try (probably
futilely) to stamp them out. They point out that they,
too, have far more threatening enemies. But in truth,
their real motivation is sentimental. For most
Hermetics, the Order has always been the one bastion

in


Of sanity, friendship and understanding in a hostile
world. Many Tremere who once belonged to it can't
help feeling that same affection for it still, and even
some of the Seven are crushed by its ringing condem-
fation of the path they've chosen — even if they
hever expected any other reaction. Younger Tremere,
Ofcourse, become quite frustrated with their elders on
thismatter. They don't understand why their mentors
who faced the vozhd with perfect equanimity should
back down from a dwindling clutch of mere.mortals:

Inthese nights, the Massasa War interferes prima-
tilywith Tremere recruiting. The Tremere havealways
sought out promising'candidates.in exaerly thesamie
places where the Hermetics seek théirs,,and"while
thost Hermetics don't actively;pursue the "traitor
house" anymore, they do feel duty-bound to destroy
any massasa they happen across in the course of their
business, It is partly because of this thatthe Tremere
now Embrace much more frequently outside the oc-
cult and academic circles.

Points of Contention

Several issues face Tremere both great and small
inthe present nights:

The Omen War

Although both sides now showunmistakable signs
Offatigue, what the Tremere Call the"Hungarian
with Clan Tzimisce continues» In those lands, Em-
braces have taken on.asupremely ttilitatian character.
Knights and captains who cannot so much as write
theirnames are how coming into the Blood — a thing
once unheard of. Ever those who earn the Blood with
their magical talent are chosen for their ability. to
leam the practical aspects of the Art quickly, obey,
orders unquestioningly, and take any risk*for their
own and their clan's.advancement:

This has led-to a serious clan divide. The growing
population of battle-hafdened fanatics in the East has
precious little incommon with its more-traditionally
Wizardly fellows in the West. The Westert Tremere,
whose nightly concerns revolve around protecting
their newborn chantries and their new-forged alli-
ances, resent the assistance the Easterners constantly
demand: handing over promising apprentices, coop-
erating with mass magical workings, shipping precious
tomes over dangerous roads. They also resent being
dragged (as they all too frequently are) into interna-
tional political morasses that have little to do with
them personally. For their part, the Eastern Tremere
see their Western brethren as cravens who neither

understand nor appreciate the sacrifices that must be
made in the heartland of Tremere power. The Seven
insist that the Hungarian war be supported by all
Tremere no matter what, but they also have no wish
to see their gains in the West sacrificed on that altar.
Tremere diplomats who once set their talents to
wooing Holy Roman princes now shuttle back and
forth between the great chantries, trying to repair the
fifts that threaten-to tear their own clan apart

High and Low

Most Tremereshaye made it quite clear that they
want nothing-t6 do with their so-calledifellows of the
Low ClansThey are firmly in the business of courting
the High. The High Clans, for theif part, have made it
equally clear thatthey mean to involve themselves with
the Tremere for precisely as long'as they-make them-

selves useful, anddisposeofthem immediately afterward.

Ic thus remains to. the Tremere;to-be ever,more
useful. Over*the past century, many.have become
expert at this, \despite-the blows>their pride must
endure in the-process.\A favorite tactic is to choose
some promisingly greedy Cainite and provide her just
enough assistance to overextéiid herself. She then
finds herselfin an untenable position where she re-
quires further Tremere aid all the-more desperately.
And so forth. Patrons of Tremere may leafn.to their
dismay' that once' the "association-becomes ‘public
(which it does suspiciously often),-other potential
allies tutn away and they're left with orily the Tremere
to rely on: Fortunately, the Tremere make uncom-
monly good.allies. They can.enlist their clanmates'
help with more ease than most*Cainites; so,.as the
saying now goes, once you' ye got one Tremeré, you've
got themall.

‘or better or for worse.

Although the\ Tremere like to dissociate them-
selvés fromthe Low Clans, they'renot in a position to
ignore them. For now, they do theit-best to play their
would-be enémiés among the Low againsteach other.
Ifthey hear of a Ravnosin the area,.they'll make sure
the'Gangrel hear. of it-té0, and.vié Although
they can hardly hope to beat the Nosferatu at their
aricient game of gossip-mongering, they can and do

versa.

feed extremely misleading information to the Lepers,
hoping to discredit them to their usual clients. They'
discovered to their chagrin that it's near impossible to
out-think the Malkavians, and damned difficult to
avoid them, but a number of Madmen can bedistracted
with relative ease.

e

However, despite the Tremere's efforts, the
fallen still pose a real obstacle to them. Some
regents deem it wisest for now to make overtures to


local Cainites of ‘meaner' blood; they usually do
this discreetly, by proxy, through hapless appren-
tices tapped for that duty. Often they instruct the
apprentices to appear just a little dissatisfied with
their meager lot, the better to rouse the chosen
fallen's sympathies. Often the apprentices find they
have scant trouble giving that impression.

Feuds

Clan Tremere treasures its reputation forunity:
The last thing the wizards can afford'to-do is give
their many enemies an obvious opening. But inthe
privacy of the chantries;passionate hatreds dammed
up in public-burst forth with all their trae venom.
As noted above, the magi closely involyed in the
Omen War feel-inereasingly alienated-from those
who /don't take a direct, part! A fair, number" of
Tremere wefe Embraced against their will. Most
grudgingly. knuckle under, knowing.ehat the clan's
enemies don't genérally-care to*listen to the sad
story ofany lone Tremere théy might catch outside
the safety.of the chantries; théy~also fear their
elders wilkforee them into a full Blood Oath if they
complain too loudlys.But some, encouraged by

Etrius' well-known misgivings about the conver-
sion to vampirism, rally around him. Said conversion
now béing finished (the Massasa War left little
other choice), his contingent needs to find a new
issue whose moral-high ground they can capture.

Goratrix and his 'suppotters may well provide
the new issue. They've receritly begun trying to
cultivate influence among mortals in.the manner
of the High Clans. They argue thatthe Tremere
will neVer gain status-untless they prove they can
compete at.these traditional pastimes. Meetlinda
and othets of the Seven, however, have Cautioned
against overteaching; thé Tremere-shotild court
the High Glans now and leart-frém them by ob-
serving, not seek to imitate'them just yet»Goratrix
has actuallyaccused Meerlindaof siding with Etrius
for her own-putposes: This is a grave insult indeed
to her reputation forimpartiality, butif she takes
offense, she's evidently chosen not to brawl with
him in public over it. Tremere, who has always
stepped in to conciliate before when others' good
offices failed, remains silent on this new round of
bitter volleys; neither he nor any of his famous
encyclical letters to the clan-at-large have been

seen since the Tremere's exile from the Hermetic
Order. Perhaps, some speculate, he is grief-stricken
over the ouster. Others mutter darkly about the
spiritual consequences of the Amaranth.

Player's Loolboy

There are many ways to fit a Tremere character
into the clan's current events. Here are just a few
suggestions to discuss with the Storyteller:

The Omen War
)

© Your home chantry is besieged, and only you
could be sparéd'te slip through the Tzimisce noose
and go-west on a deSperate mission to secure aid
from your"loyalbrotherchantries in more peace
ful‘lands. But yousfind thataid not as forthcoming
as you'd hoped!

¢ You"ate a tegent or senior apprentice ina
WeStern chantry. A fellow Tremere has come into
town fresh from the Hungarian war, and she insists
that some elder of your town-is stipplying crucial
assistance to the Tzimisce and must be cit down.

¢ You're a sheltered, scholarly-young appren-
tice in Italysuddenly drafted out to the Hungarian
front to replace the ongoing losses.

© You're-a war-weary regent who knows the
local Tzimisce are €qually war-weary, and that the
mortal population you alldépend on for sustenance
cannot survive much more fighting..Can you talk
your superiors into letting you negotiate a truce, of
negotiate it without their noticing, andvis a truce
even possible in the first place?

Clan Expansion

* You are-an older appfentice'sent,to win the
support of an important prince, If you should sue-
ceed.in making a treaty, you ould win a chance to
stayon as regent. A fellow apprentice wassent with
you, theoretically to assistyou, but you know he'd
betray you to win.a regency for hiniself, even at risk
to your mutuabmission.

* You're sent ouptoan area fred for its hostile
Gangrel population. Your jobjis to survey the terti-
tory to determine where thenley lines run and
whether there are any'sités.geomantically suitable
for a new regional headquarters; you should make

whatever outside friendships or alliances might aid
you in that endeavor, but you mustn't let them
overshadow your loyalty to your superiors.

© Your regent has set you to overseeing the
servants who acquire vessels for the chantry "lar
der." Naturally he's concerned above all with secrecy
and with steering clear of other Cainites' domains,
while another senior apprentice or magus of the
chantry complains that the fare you provide is
paltry or unappetizing or diseased. Moreover, the

+ PLAYERS. GUIDE

"LOW

ta
yi

yi

ti

sc
n
ce
ye
te

52

ni

at
tr
ec


servants are having trouble with their new work,
and need you to train them in the art of hunting.

Faction Politics

© You belong to a faction of Tremere dedicated
to exploring an outré branch of Thaumaturgy.
Although you (usually) have no qualms with the
direction of your research, certain other factions
would denounce you for it, perhaps even charge
you with infernalism.

* You have been asked to suborn an impor-
fant mortal for the clan's purposes. Not only must
you avoid being crushed by other Cainites who
might consider that mortal to be their domain,
you must also hide your activities from other
Tremere in the region who would view your ac-

tions as dangerous meddlir

¢ You are an untraditional Tremere (e.g., a
soldier, a devout member of the clergy, a luxurious
noble). You soon discover you have a lot more in
common with Cainites of some other clan than
your own, but you must not show your sympathies
too openly.

Tactics

The bottom rung of any society quickly learns
totake what it can to get by. Quick, dirty and brutal
best describes the fallen Cainites' attitudes. This is
Not to say that subtlety and careful planning among
the Low Clans is nonexistent, but that their meth-
ods tend to be both timely and deadly. Their mortal
lives taught them how to do the most with what
they had, and they bring this approach to unlife.

Logistics

Every Cainite must learn to survive as a preda-
tor without alerting the pr
The Low Clans prefer practical, quiet methods that
don't leave an easy trail.

that surrounds him.

Foodand Herd

The insatiable hunger requires great care to
assuage, for the average Cainite must drink the
blood of sixty people in a year — less, if blood
used sparingly. The key lies in finding a
willing or oblivious food source, unless one
desires to leave a trail of corpses. Taking small
amounts from a large group helps, though the
tradeoff leaves many who might retain knowl-
tdge of the Cainite's true nature. If the Cainite

feeds when the victim is tired, the fuzzy memo-
ties produced by the Kiss usually confuse the
victim into forgetting the feeding or thinking
the whole thing was a dream. Intimidation,

seduction and blackmail can cow the mortals,

but it is best to find the right balance and know
when to cut one's losses.

The relatively young but ambitious Setite
knownas} exclusively upon the heavily
drugged. While under the effect of the opiates she
provides, few can later recall her supping on small

net feed

amounts of their blood. Those who do remember
generally chalk it up to a side effect of the drug, and
many who don't generally find the Kiss combined
with the opiate to be a maddeningly pleasurable
sensation. The loss of blood gives the drug a stron-
ger kick; and while this occasionally this results in
the victim's death, Nenet takes enough care that
such occurrences are rare.

Disposing of Vodies

Avoiding the notice of mortal society becomes
difficult for Cainites who litter corpses across the
landscape. The Low Clans often prefer to remove
the evidence entirely; unless presented with a body,
mortals are quick to invent all kinds of explana-
tions for missing people.

The Nosferatu Alvar hauls bodies into the
ocean along the Spanish coast, trudging deep
enough into the waters that fishermen are unlikely
to discover his handiwork. Heavy iron boots pre-
vent the tides from carrying him away. He brings
along a head-sized rock and a length of chain with
a hook on the end. Once he finds a suitable resting
place, he lashes the chain around the rock, plunges
the hook into the corpse's back, loops it around the
base of the spine, and yanks it out to fasten to the
chain. The rock holds the body down, allowing the
salt water and ocean life to strip it down to bones in
roughly two months. Alvar is usually careful not to
kill too often; he only has so much chain

Villette, a Frankish Gangrel, prefers to gorge
herself shortly before sunrise, and then meld with the
earth while holding the corpse in a lover's embrace.
She has refined her powers of Protean to the point that
her emergence the next evening leaves the corpse
behind, with only a patch of freshly turned earth to
indicate the final resting place.

Laking Ghouls
Even more so than finding a herd, choosing
ghouls is a delicate thing. These unfortunate souls


provide the only direct reach Cainites have during
the daylight hours. The strength of vitae enforces
their absolute loyalty, yet it is often advantageous
to ensure steadfast allegiance prior to the commin-
gling of blood. The best ghouls remain by a Cainite's
thened
lives, serving with abject devotion and high levels

side through the natural extent of their len
of competence. Some Cainites prefer the company
of animal ghouls, for they are far less like to spill
information to their master's enemies. Others avoid
their use; some Cainites feel that animals require
too much training to be truly worth the effort,
10uls that they can take
nourishment from if necessary

Saul is a Nosfe
Embraced by a wandering Feral. After his Embrace, he
fed his blood to several herding dogs, and trained them
todirect the movements of humans in the same way they
once had herded sheep. The pack now drives hapless
travelers and lone shepherds towards Saul
them with the flesh of these unfortunates.

others simply prefer

atu who was horn toa shepherd and

he rewards
When in need of ghouls, the Assamite vizier
Sarila prefers to take mortal apprentices and subject
them to a grueling battery of tests that try their
intelligence, loyalty, cunning and tenacity. The one
or two who achieve the highest marks she takes as

ny failures serve to replenish her vitae,

which of course is depleted by making the ghouls in
the first place.

Setting D

wn Boots

Cainites as a race are sedentary for a variety of

2 nomadic, but often
this is simply because they have no domain to claim
Not all of the Low Clan Cainites accept this fate,
however, and they have discovered some interesting
tactics for finding and holding havens.

reasons. Some fallen vampires a

Finding a Haven

The Low Clans resort to squatting, coercion and
outright theft when it comes to land ownership:
Although most are financially incapable of creating
elaborate crypts or secure enclaves, they are more than
capable of co-opting something created by others.

The Leper Abrial heard rumors of a haunted
Norman outpost during travels through Frankish lands,
She explored the ruins of the fallen tower and found
an elaborate maze of tunnels beneath it, yet no resi-
dent evil spirits. Within the week she called the tower
home, and began to improve upon the tower's haunted
reputation by terrorizing any unfortunate travelers

who sought shelter for the evening

> |

SGUIDETO -

"LOW CLA)


Haven Fortification

Once safely ensconced in a haven, a Cainite
must defend it. Ghouls can aid in the defense of a
fair, but they may unwittingly betray their masters,
and require sustenance and safety of their own.
Some Cainites — such as Tremere and Assamite
sorcerers — can lay magical traps and wards, but
Most must be content with more mundane methods
of defense. A Low Clan vampire might call upon
tapping skills learned as a mortal in order to set up
deterrents against any would-be invader, or might
simply disguise her haven as something so undesir-
able that no sane individual would want to take it
from her. (See Right of Princes for a detailed
discussion of traps and other haven defenses.)

Pillar of the Community

Although reborn in the gutter, a determined
Cainite of the Low Clans can buck social stigma
and rise to a level of greatness. With intelligence,
resolve and a bit of luck, nobility — both mortal
and Cainite
the fallen.

can be made to bow before one of

Ragged Hand of the Prince

Cainite princes often hail from the High Clans,
but the smart ones do well to keep their eyes on the
affairs of the Low. Some princes feel the need for a
connection to the poor, if only to watch for plots
against them or their interests. Others prefer to
handle only matters of court themselves, but keep
asavvy advisor who can provide an entirely differ-
ént perspective. Whatever the case, an enterprising
Cainite can curry favor with a powerful ally by
providing useful information and performing tasks
t00 delicate (or dirty) for noble hands.

Hasin, an Alexandrite Ravnos, visits Venice
Once every few months. While there, he is granted
Special audience with the Lasombra Prince
Guilelmo Aliprando. The prince pays him a mod-
est amount of coin, in return for which Hasin
felates to the prince any interesting Cainite or
mortal news that the Ravnos has chanced to hear.
On occasion, Guilelmo pays a little extra and
Hasin takes on jobs of a varied nature — theft,
delivery and assassination are only some of the
possibilities.

Looking the Part
With arrogance often comes laziness; witness
the attitudes of High Clan Cainites to the Low

Clans. Playing to stereotype in the company of the
first cursed often entices a high-blooded Cainite to
drop his guard, regarding the fallen Cainite as just
another servant. Few Cainites are foolish enough
to ignore a Low Clan vampire who acts out of her
station, but if the Low Clans stay in their perceived
place, they can often get away with murder.

Dominka of Clan Tremere has been a hanger-
on at Julia Antasia's court in Frankfurt. While the
Roman Ventrue doesn't trust the Usurpers, she has
grown accustomed to Dominka's presence and re-
quests for aid against the Tzimisce — so accustomed,
in fact, that she barely notices the witch anymore.
Now that Dominka has become a fixture, she has
much more freedom to move and act among the
Cainites of the city.

Back Alley Intrigue

Assassination, kidnapping and espionage are
the unwritten tools of state. They reach behind the
safety of castle walls and into the throne rooms of
the mightiest mortal rulers. Likewise, the High
Clans are not safe from such tactics. A saying
among the Low Clans goes: "Any Cainite foolish
enough to fight honorably deserves to die that
way." The fallen do not have the luxury of honor;
they therefore gain power by spying, bribery, black-
mail (animals see the most interesting things, and
many fallen Cainites can speak to them), murder,
forgery and any other despicable tactic. Many first
cursed, of course, won't dirty their hands with such
tactics, but are happy to pay the fallen to do so, as
mentioned above. (For more details on this sort of
warfare, see Spoils of War.)

Desmond of Gloucester, vassal to Baroness
Seren, has refined his command of Auspex to truly
impressive levels. His mistress uses him to spy on
the bedchambers of nobles, the confessions of priests
and the late-night meetings of mercenaries. The
information he hears is often easily worth the time
and trouble to discover it.

Domains of the Low
Clans

The dominion of the first cursed, while cer-
tainly widespread, is not so complete as they would
have other Cainites believe. Across Europe, re-
gions and institutions exist in which the Low Clans
thrive and, in some cases, even rule. To the High
Clans, these are aberrations, flukes of politics that


will no doubt be rectified just as soon as the oppor-
tunity arises

To the Low Clans, these are a good start.

What sorts of regions and institutions attract the
fallen, then? Where is the dominance of the first
cursed most threatened, and where are the greatest
opportunities for your characters to make their mark
on Cainite society?

Because Cainite society tends to view outsiders as
Low-Clan by default, foreign clans often have much
more power in their homeland than they do through-
out Europe. The Holy Land, for instance, has a
substantial number of Assamite sultans, and the usurp-
ing Tremere hold large territories in Hungary and its
surroundings. Cainites are creatures of tradition and
inertia, and they build up substantial webs of power in
their home regions; ifa clan —evenaLow Clan—has
traditionally held power ina specific area, the odds are
good they will continue to do so even in the face of
High Clan opposition. The Ventrue and Lasombra
might seek to chip away at the power of the Assamites
in Outremer, but they still think of the Holy Land as

A

are often hampered by an unconscious sense of hope-

mite domain. Their efforts to dislodge the Saracens

lessness, even when they seem enthusiastic. And of
course, the difficulties aren't merely psychological;
the Assamites aren't about to give up their homeland
without a fight — and they fight well

Ifa character happens to be a member of one of the
dominant clans in these regions, attaining a position of
power is simply a matter of competition, rather than the
nigh-hopeless struggle against societal pressures he might
face trying to acquire the same power in, say, France.
Unfortunately, if he's a member of one of the other Low
Clans, he'sno better off here than in High Clan territory
Those Low Clans that have attained power in a region
guard it jealously, and are no more likely to accept
another Low Clan prince in their domain than they
would welcome a High Clan invader.

Regions dominated by the fallen are very often
out of the way, distant from Western centers of civi-
lization, and often environmentally hostile. The
Hungarian territories now controlled by the Tremere,
for instance, are tactically valuable due to their prox-
imity to Tzimisce lands, but aren't particularly
worthwhile to Cainites for any other reason. The
High Clans would love to have them, but find them far
less of a priority than other regions further west.
Despite Outremer's religious significance, many first
cursed (although obviously not all of them) are all too
happy to leave it to its Saracen inhabitants. The Low
Clans have learned that the easiest regions to control

st

LAYERS.
TOWCIANS-—

are those that the High Clans simply don't feel are
worth fighting for. Of course, the first cursed will fight
anyway, purely out of principle, but at least they'll
devote less effort to the struggle. Hostile climes are
particularly attractive to Gangrel and other nomadie
fallen, since even if the High Clans dominate the local
communities, plenty of wilderness exists in which to

escape their grasp.

When in parts of Europe in which the High Clans
are dominant — that is, most of them — the Low
Clansare still drawn to power when the circumstances
are favorable. Domains in the grip of chaos or unrest
are often ripe for the plucking. If the High Clan
Cainites of the region are distracted, they may be
unable to stop one of the fallen from assuming control.
(The fact that Mithras was distracted by events else-
where, for instance, allowed the Nosferatu Joseph Zvi
to become prince of Prague. See p. 70.)

Most frequently, however, a fallen Cainite will
although it's rarely
in a portion of a domain in which the High
Clan prince or elders have little interest. Many of the
poorest neighborhoods of a High-Clan-dominated city
are actually claimed by Setites or Nosferatu, who run the
areaalmost like an independentfief. Some Low(C
particularly the Tremere, who are trying to insinuate
themselves into the High Clans, and the Followers of
Set, who want to be closer to the first cursed in order to
make efforts to involve themselves
in areas and institutions in which the High Clans are
active but have not attained total dominance. The
Setites, for instance, are attempting to increase theit
involvement in the Catholic Church, despite the pres
ence of the Lasombra and other High Clan Cainites,
The Serpents use this position not only to get close to
those Lasombra, but also to sup on the blood of many

acquire some measure of authority
formal

ans

learn their needs

kine who come to pray

In fact, where the first cursed often compete with
one another for status by making their domains asrich
or impressive as they can, some of the fallen who have
attained some measure of control — over an entire
domain, or just over a small portion of a city — have
been known to deliberately make conditions worse.If
the kine in the area are poor or sick, if no money isto

be gained through an area's commerce, if a region has
nothing to recommend it, the High Clans are much
less likely to develop any interest. It's a fine line to
walk, as the Low Clan Cainite doesn't want to render
herterritory worthless or uninhabitable. Furthermore,
ifshe makes the other regional Cainites too angry with
her leadership, she's just asking fora coup from within,
Still, when exercised in moderation, such tactics aré

<S: —
SUIDETO -

"ANS

5)
fa
th

al
re
gi
al

dj
1]

a Vie

quite effective in turning aside the interests of the
High Clan lords.

So if the Low Clans focus largely on areas or
institutions the High Clans don't want, and only
make serious bids for power elsewhere when the first
cursed are too distracted to stop them, surely it's no
wonder they claim so few domains of any real worth?
Indeed, had the Long Night continued indefinitely,
the Low Clans might never have risen above their
position as the dregs of Cainite society.

The War of the Princes, for all its violence and
bloodshed, is a blessing in disguise for the fallen. As lords
fall, more opportunities arise than ever before. Many of
theHigh Clans, their pride stung by defeat, give up their
interests in regions they have been unable to conquer
at least temporarily. And the war provides a sizable
distraction indeed for the Ventrue, the Tzimisce and the
est, allowing Assamites, Nosferatu and Tremere to act
while their backs are turned.

What follows is a discussion, broken out by
gion, of those areas where the Low Clans dominate, or
at least have sufficient presence that they cannot be
discounted. These entries are, of necessity, somewhat
brief. Players who seek more information are directed
towards Dark Ages Europe and Iberia By Night.

The British Isles

Largely a haven for the Ventrue, Britain is, for the
Most part, not a friendly place for the Low Clans.
Prince Mithras of London is the archetypal Ventrue,
aparagon of his clan. Where he and his brethren do
not rule, the Toreador largely hold sway.

Still, the Low Clans do have a presence in the
British Isles, and a few have even managed to make a
name for themselves.

The Malkavian Seren is Baroness of Gloucester,
and one of the few fallen ever to obtain a position in
the Court of Avalon. Unfortunately, what could have
been an opportunity for the Low Clans to rise in
prominence has been quite thoroughly quashed by
Mithras's paranoia and Seren's own madness. Her
buming distrust of all outsiders, and many of her own
subjects, renders her largely blind to the High and Low
Clan divide; she fears all foreign Cainites equally,
treating the fallen and the first cursed the same. Given
herblood oath to Mithras himself, Seren might as well
be one of the Ventrue, for all the good she does her
Low Clan brethren.

Scotland is home to a small population of Gangrel,
those who moved into the Highland forests after the
Picts — and their Lupine cousins — were driven out.

They have precious little influence in the cities, how-
ever, and the region can be said to be friendly to the Low
Clans only to the extent that the fallen dwelling in the
wilderness — mostly but not entirely Gangrel — aren't
specifically singled out by the local lords.

England itself, the domain of Mithras, is solidly
under High Clan rule. The poor cities and villages
contain numerous Nosferatu and Malkavians, the
woods are home to Gangrel, Ravnos may pass through
on occasion and the Tremere are slowly wheedling
their way into the Ventrue's good graces; but they're
all looked down upon, dismissed as pests or peasants,
by those in power:

In this culture of oppression, only a very rare few
fallen have obtained even the tiniest scrap of power
One of those few is Genevieve of London, or Ragged
Jenny. From her havens near London's docks, in old
walled-up cellars and forgotten rooms, the Promethean
Nosferatu schools both mortal and Cainite thieves. Her
influence in the underworld and the black markets
extends across the British Isles and deep into Europe.
Mithras and the Barons of Avalon know of her exist-
ence, but as yet remain ignorant of the extent of her
power. In recent nights, Jenny has seen how even the
mightiest lords are laid low by the War of the Princes.
Slowly, she and her servants are starting to consider
expanding her "criminal empire" into the realm of
politics. She has no interest in being prince, for that, in
her mind, merely makes her a target. "Kingmaker,"
however, is a title that has begun to appeal...

Pane

Ifthe British Isles are unfriendly to the Low Clans,
France, the epitome of noble privilege and debauch-
ery, is downright hostile. Nowhere in France does a
Low Clan Cainite hold a title or position worth
speaking of, and any who reach too high draw the ire
of an entire nation of vampiric nobles.

The Low Clansare far from absent in France, even
if they're rarely allowed inside the finer establish-
ments. In Auvergne, Gangrel occupy many of the
wooded areas that are as yet untamed by the hand of
man. In Paris, beneath the fle de la Cité, a population
of Nosferatu spy on the comings and goings of the City
of Lights. They are only too happy to trade what they
know to the Ventrue and Toreador, and in fact obtain
some perverse pleasure from the High Clan Cainites'
obvious disgust when they must meet with the Lepers.
To date, the Nosferatu haven't managed to parlay
their information into any true authority, but they are,
at least, allowed to remain where they are, largely
untroubled by the first cursed. These Nosferatu are


also not above using their information to manipulate
Prince Geoffrey's actions, but they attempt this only
on very rare occasions, for fear of drawing his wrath if
their machinations are ever discovered. Geoffrey, the
other Ventrue and the Toreador are unaware that the
Nosferatu population in Paris is growing, and is in fact
already far larger than any of the first cursed suspect.
The High Clans might be surprised, should open
conflict ever erupt, to learn who really controls the
streets of Paris.

Tremere wizards circulate amongst the courts,
invited in not as equals but as curiosities, something
between advisors and court magicians. It's a humiliat-
ing state of affairs, but a foothold in France is too
valuable a prize to be passed up. The Usurpers grit
their teeth and bear the indignity, letting loose with
screams of rage and foul obscenities only in the privacy
of their own havens.

Germany and its
Surroundings

Germany is, at this time, a part of the Holy Roman
Empire, although King Henry VII is even now plan-
ning his eventual revolt against his father Frederick II,
the Holy Roman Emperor. Although known far and
wide asa Ventrue stronghold (the home of Hardestadt
the Elder and Lord Jiirgen among many others), the
Warlords are in fact deeply divided and conflicted
Lasombra and Brujah claim more power in Germany
than the Ventrue care to admit — but even worse, in
their eyes, is the growing power of the Low Clans in
"their" territories.

To date, the Gangrel have made little effort to
acquiring any real power, although they have become

relatively numerous in those areas of Germany's wil-
derness that are not too heavily populated by Lupines.
The Nosferatu exist in surprising numbers as well,
dwelling largely within leper colonies and other areas
shunned by Cainite and kine alike. Germany even
claims a single Malkavian prince: Midian of Ham-
burg. Unfortunately, as Hamburg's fortunes dwindled,
Midian himself entered a state of despondency and
despair, which led to an outbreak of madness severe
even for one of his clan. The prince now speaks to
invisible courtiers and engages in all manner of atroci-
ties against both the living and und

‘ad residents of his
domain. To date, few outsiders have learned of these
horrors, due to the efforts of Lucius and Penelope, two
Cainites whoseek to either manipulate or study Midian
for their own ends. The

ppadocian Penelope is
actively trying to entice more Malkavians to migrate

to Hamburg by making ita friendlier place for the Low
Clans, as best she can without Midian becoming
aware of her activities. This is not altruism on her part,
of course. She simply wishes to provide additional
cover for Midian's own madness by providing other
potential suspects.

Greatest of all the Low Clans in Germany are the
Tremere. Lotharius, Prince of Vienna, holds that city
tightly in his grip, his authority only enhanced by the
presence of Etrius of the Council of Seven and —if
tumor is to be believed — the torpid body of Tremere
himself. Ostensibly, the Ventrue allow the Tremere
this domain in exchange for their support in various
endeavors (such as Lord Jiirgen's recent attempt to
conquer Hungary). In truth, however, the Usurpers
are so thoroughly entrenched in Vienna now that the
Ventrue couldn't afford the effort it would require to
remove them.

Prague

Although not part of Germany, Prague is tightly
tied with that land and was, until relatively recently,
claimed by a Ventrue who was an ally to Hardestadt
and a vassal of Mithras of England. Currently, the
prince is Joseph Zvi, a Nosferatu who has dwelt in
Prague for countless years and who slew the former
prince in self-defense. Because Zvi is Nosferatu and
yet remains largely unchallenged by the surrounding
Ventrue, Prague has developed a reputation as a
haven for the Low Clans in general, and the Lepersin
particular. The fallen population has increased dra-
matically —a fact that fills Zvi with dread, for he fears
that newcomers of his own clan might learn thatheis,
in fact, in thrall to the Tzimisce elder Shaagra. To
better protect his shameful secret, Zvi is instituting
policies not unlike those of the Ventrue themselves,
persecuting and maltreating the Nosferatu and other
fallen, and hoping to drive them out. Many of the
local Nosferatu, led by the vocal Clara Holtz, consider
Joseph Zvi a traitor and plot even now to replace him
with one of their own. After all, they reason, the High
Clans can't tell one Nosferatu from another anyway.

Few regions boast so mixed a population of high-
ranking Cainites as Iberia. The religious conflict of the

Reconquista, Christianity's attempt to oust Islam, pro-
vides both impetus and cover for a variety of vampiric

struggles as well. Iberia is one of the few regions where
High Clan princes are not the overwhelming majority,
and for every Lasombra or Ventrue lord one can alsofind

SIs tf a

(a. S.GUIDE TO:

ble
reg
wh
an
bu
ha
to
art
cli
ei!

co
pl

as

ci
m

an


an Assamite sultan. In Iberia, however, clan conflict is
normally submerged by religious conflict, and Assamite
and Lasombra Ashirra are more likely to cooperate
@ainst Christian Brujah and Ventrue than they are to
smuggle with one another.

The Assamites are, however, the only Low Clan
blessed with unusually high status and respect in the
Tegion. Setites find it worth their while to avoid Iberia
When possible, as neither of the warring factions has
any love of the Serpents. Similarly, the Tremere have
buta few agents in Ventrue and Toreador courts, and
have largely found Iberia too dangerous to their kind
tobeworth any substantial effort. Gangrel and Ravnos
are, however, present in great numbers. As neither
clan is particularly involved in the Reconquista on
either side, and as neither shows much interest in
@stablishing their own domains amongst the kine, the
Constant struggles of the other clans provide them
plenty of opportunity to go where they wish and to do
as they will.

Some of the taifas — independent Muslim states or
Cities —boast populations of Nosferatu and Malkavians,
Most of whom make an effort to avoid the attentions of
the Assamite and Lasombra princes. Many look up to
Roque, the unusually stable Malkavian Prince of
Pamplona. Oddly enough, many Malkavians, who rarely
do anything as a cohesive group, and many Nosferatu,
Who often ignore any issues not directly related to their
Survival, are actively engaged in a guerilla war against
the Toreador and other Cainites who would tighten ties
between France and the nation of Navarre. The Nosferatu
elder Eckerra appears to be the motivating force behind
this covert revolution. In recent nights, however, sev-
eral Malkavians who had made claims that the elder is
merely the puppet of some greater master have disap-
peared. Obviously, nobody really believes the Madmen,
but a few Nosferatu have taken the disappearances
Seriously enough to begin a secret investigation of their
fevered elder

For more on the region, see Iberia by Night.

Staly

Unlike Iberia, Italy's military troubles are largely
secular, with the states of the Lombard League bracing
to ward off Frederick II's inevitable invasion. Pope
Gregory IX watches as well, for if the Lombard League
falls, the Papacy itself may be the Holy Roman
Emperor's next objective.

The Cainites, of course, vie for influence over
Italy's rich merchant cities, siding with either the

+ CHA

Guelphs or the Ghibellines, two rival factions of
Italian government and society

Despite the dangers of Rome itself (which, al-
though it is no longer the seat of the Papacy, is home
to numerous holy places that can prove fatal to
Cainites), the city claims the largest Low Clan popu-
lation in Italy. The catacombs beneath the city are
home to two factions of Nosferatu and one faction of
Cappadocians, all engaged in a three-way war. So far
this struggle has prevented any single claimant from
gathering enough support to pronounce himself prince
of Rome. A Nosferatu ghoul named Cato who hires
himself out to foreign Cainites as guide and advisor on
the politics of the city has recently discovered that a
small faction of Tremere have made their havens on
the edge of town. He believes they are encouraging
the hostility between these warring factions, in the
hopes of using the distraction to plunder Rome's many
stores of ancient and eldritch knowledge

Beyond the Nosferatu and Tremere, the two most
populous Low Clans are the Gangrel and the Follow-
ers of Set. The Animals are most common to the
islands of Corsica and Sardinia, where they fight to
keep other clans from acquiring too firm a foothold
(when they aren't too busy surviving the local Lupine
population). The Serpents, rather than attempting to
insinuate themselves into any particular city-state,
have chosen to develop contacts and influence within
Italy's growing merchant guilds. Because many elder
Cainites refuse to see the potential power of these
organizations— which can, when pressed, cause worker
shortages, slow or halt commerce and trade and put
tremendous pressure on city and state governments
the Setites believe their true opposition consists only
of Italy's younger Cainites, most of whom lack the
resources to truly hinder the Serpents.

Hungary and the Slavic East

Until relatively recently, at least as Cainites mea-
sure such things, the Slavic East was unquestioningly
dominated by the Tzimisce. This land belonged to the
Fiends, and none doubted that any other clan to come
to prominence here did so at their sufferance.

No longer. Although the Tzimisce still hold the
greater part of the region, the Tremere have claimed
an enormous portion of the Fiends' territories. From
their chantry of Ceoris in the Carpathian Mountains,
and from uncountable other chantries and village
domains as well, the Usurpers have made much of
Hungary and its neighboring states their own. With
the possible exception of Assamite territories in

eee Sa Se ra es


Outremer, the Tremere's Eastern European holdings
represent the single largest agglomeration of domains
controlled by a single Low Clan. Over the course of
the past decades, the Tremere have achieved suffi-
cient gains against their Tzimisce enemies not only to
expand their territories, but also to begin strengthen-
ing their ties with other clans, such as with the
assistance they offered Lord Jiirgen during his failed
attempt to conquer Hungary

Even tonight, the
Tremere walk a fine line, staging meticulously planned
attacks on both Jiirgen and the Tzimisce Vladimir
Rustovich. So long as the Usurpers can maintain the
deception that each side is responsible for the assaults
on the other, they can keep Ventrue pressure on the
Tzimisce without undue risk to themselves.

Ofcourse, the Tremere are not the only Low Clan
presence in Hungary. They may not even be the most
numerous. In the wooded countryside and in many of
the isolated villages, the Gangrel hunt. Many of these
Gangrel serve Tzimisce lords, either as a means of
acquiring what status and power they can, or simply to
stand with allies against their common Usurper foes.
The Gangrel are common in Rus as well, where they
often run in packs with Feral Nosferatu. The Nosferatu
are also commonly found in most of the cities of
Eastern Europe, dwelling in the squalor of the poor
parts of town. Those dwelling in Buda-Pest lie low,
avoiding the city's Ventrue nobles, but those in
Eztergom (who tend to be relatively pious) are en-
gaged in covert opposition to the Ventrue Geza Arpad,
self-proclaimed "Archbishop."

Finally, Eastern Europe boasts a relatively large
population of Ravnos. Although the gypsy cultures
have not reached Europe in great numbers yet, many
of the Ravnos have preceded them to the region. Due
to their disdain for Cainite society and their nomadic
existence, no it is difficult to determine the precise
number of Raynos in the area. It's entirely possible
that they outnumberall other clans save the T:
For all their numbers, however, few Ravnos have any

misce.

real authority here, save those who are willing (or
forced) to serve Tzimisce or Ventrue lords.

Scandinavia and the Baltic

Most of the actual princes of Scandinavia may be
of Ventrue stock, but it is the Gangrel who are the true
nobility of the region. For a time, the Gangrel and
other regional Cainites coexisted in peace under the
Treaty of Arkona; but now, years after the treaty was
shattered, the Gangrel find themselves slowly backed
intoacorner. Their dominion is fading, as the coming
of the Church —and the Ventrue and Lasombra with

it — pushes aside the old ways to which the Animals
still cling; but the High Clans have not won this
victory yet. Some of the greatest of the Gangrel, such
as Werter (prince in all but name of Uppsala in
Sweden) and the Prussian Tangae,| yet hold the line
as best they might against the encroaching foreigners
Werter, like so many of his local brethren, worships
Odin and the old gods, and considers his defense of his
homeland a divine duty. Unfortunately, because he
must divide his attentions between the encroaching
enemy and the Lupines of Norway, he knows that his
nights are almost certainly numbered.

Although Nosferatu are few in Scandinavia, one
called Absalon (after his mortal pawn, the archbishopof
the same name) once held considerable power in Den-
mark. Afterthe death of the mortal Archbishop Absalon,
however, the Nosferatu who had been his secret master
lost much of his power. To date, he has made no obvious
attempts to regain his lost glories, although he is still
suspected in the murder of the Ventrue Prince Frederick
of Copenhagen, who came to power after Absalon'sown
fortunes began to wane. The Nosferatu are also some-
what prevalent in Lithuania, but otherwise are
uncommon in the region.

The only other Low Clan to exist in Scandinaviain
any numbers are the Malkavians, who — for absolutely
no reason any other Cainite has yet been able to fathom

seem drawn to Sweden. The country isn't precisely
swarming with Madmen, but the fact that they exist
there in any concentration at all, when they're largely
unknown elsewhere in the region, is sufficient to draw
attention. So far, no one has been able to determine why
the Malkavians are there, assuming it's not just some
stupendous coincidence — or yet more evidence of the
shared madness of the clan.

The Byzantine Successor
States

As the successors of ancient Rome (in their own
minds, at least), the Cainites and kine of Byzantium
looked down upon the rest of the world from the lofty
heights of cultural superiority. Most Cainites of the
Empire, and certainly within Constantinople itself,
were wrapped up in the Toreador Michael's Dream of
anew Roman Empire. When the so-called Patriarch
was slain in the sack of Constantinople during the
Fourth Crusade, many of the region's Cainites found
themselves purposeless, floundering. The Fourth Cnr
sade also spelled the end of the Byzantine Empire as
well, for the Latin Empire founded by the Crusaders
has been proved unable to stand against its many

: as: =
tS

+ PLAYERS. GUIDE TO -

oa


enemies, and has now shrunk to just another of the
many states that once formed Byzantium.

Due to lingering cultural elitism amongst the
Cainites, and the fact that Rome and then Byzantium
were always dominated by the first cursed, the Low
Clans hold very little power in these states now. In the
city of Sinope, once part of the Empire of Trebizond
until the city was conquered by the Seljuk Turks, the
Cainites recognize the Malkavian seer Razmik as
prince. Currently he is in torpor, the result of another
prophetic trance. His childe Shavarash rules in his
name, and all the Cainites of Sinope wait with mount-
ing dread, wondering what awful prophecy Razmik
will deliver when he awakens. Because one of their
own is prince, a number of Madmen make their homes
in Sinope as well, although they still make up a small
portion of the population.

In Constantinople, Nosferatu and Gangrel are
returning to what was once the greatest of all cities
Both these clans played an important role in Michael's
Dream, and many cooperate with one another now in
hopes of healing the new rifts and rivalries among the
tegion's Cainites. Led by several powerful Cainites,
Most prominently the Latin Gangrel Thomas Feroux,
they seek to reunite the Cainites of Constantinople
and all of Byzantium. Some have even joined the
growing numbers of the Michaelites, a cult devoted to
the worship of the fallen Patriarch.

Unknown even to the normally well informed
Nosferatu, a Setite elder and his childer make their
havens in Constantinople as well, having arrived from
elsewhere only within the past months. This Serpent,
‘one Yavo Abdelahi, has joined the Michaelites in the
guise of a North African Toreador. He has no loyalty
to the memory of Michael; rather, he hopes to work
his way into the upper echelons of the cult. If these
Cainites want a vampire god to worship, he'll be more
than happy to give them one. Set, after all, hardly
cares what name he is called by..

Outremer

The Holy Land is a place of constant conflict, for
Cainites as well as kine. Although Jerusalem and
many of the major cities are in Christian hands, the
Christians squabble amongst themselves, the primary
split being between those loyal to Emperor Frederick
Mand those who resent his rule. Combine this with
the tensions between Christians and Muslims, and the
entirety of Outremer threatens to spill over at a
moment's notice into all-out bloody war. To date, the
only factor preventing open Cainite conflict is the

+ LOWESTOF THE DAN

treaty known as the Diet of Olives, which prohibits
most of the major Cainite factions of the region from
overt conflict (although the hidden struggles for which
the Cainites are known continue). The Diet also
binds the Cainites in a mutual defense of the Holy
Land from those who would plunder its treasures; this
category includes, among others, the Tremere. The
Usurpers seethe and vow revenge on the Salubri who
pioneered the Diet, but have yet found no means of
bypassing it to attain a foothold in Outremer.

The Assamites are, by far, the most powerful Low
Clan of the region, although even they are split along
religious lines. The Christian Assamite Ahmed ibn
Zayyat is Prince of Tripoli and, through his childe and
vassal Zakariah, holds dominion over Antioch as well
Although most of the other major cities of Outremer
are in Ventrue or Lasombra hands, the Assamites
claim an enormous number of sultans and princes
throughout the region's smaller communities, and
some strive actively to expand that influence and take
back the land stolen by the Crusaders. Unfortunately,
the Assamites are unable to devote their full atten-
tions to such efforts, as much of their energies are
spent in aiding their Egyptian clansmen in their
ongoing war with the Followers of Set for control of
that ancient land.

Shahnazar, an ancient Malkavian, holds substantial
influence in Jerusalem. Although he is not that city's
prince, he is honored by most who dwell there as few
elders

and certainly few Madmen —are honored. He
cannot order the local Cainites to action, but a few
whispered words are usually sufficient to start them
movingas he desires. The city itselfis home to many more
Malkavians, some of whom claim that Malkav himself
rests nearby. To date, no sane Cainites have located any
evidence to support this notion, and it's widely consid-
ered to be just another Malkavian delusion.

Perhaps most surprisingly, Outremer claims one
of the few Ravnos princes outside of India. Etienne de
Faubergé, vassal to the Ventrue Lord Jiirgen, rules as
r most of his reign, Etienne couldn't
even enter his domain; a fragment of the True Cross
held all Cainites outside Acre. With the removal of
the fragment, the Charlatan prince has moved his
court into Acre proper, and his recent activities indi-
cate that he intends to involve himself far more
thoroughly throughout the Holy Land than he has to
date. Etienne was a devout Christian already; his
experience with the True Cross seems to have sparked
a fascination with all matters religious. He is preparing
for the right moment to cut all ties with Jiirgen's court
at Magdeburg, and will likely do so as soon as he finds

Prince of Acre.


another ally — preferably a local who is more easily
manipulated than Jiirgen —to protect him against the
wrath of his sire, Varsik (see p. 52).

Finally, it's worth noting that the Tremere have
not given up on acquiring their own power in the Holy
Land, and are currently engaged in secret discussions
with a faction of Egyptian Setites who they believe
may be able to help them establish a foothold either in
Outremer, or at least northern Africa. To date, these
discussions have not progressed particularly far. This
is partially because neither the Usurpers nor the
Serpents enjoy entering into an agreement in which
they don't have the obvious upper hand, but also
because the Setites demand as their price Tremere
assistance in their war against the Assamites in Egypt

assistance which the Tremere are understandably
reluctant to offer. Still, the talks haven't yet broken
down completely, and a Tremere/Setite alliance in
ypt, and then Outremer, remains a distinct if un-
likely possibility.

Traditions and
Perversions

The Low Clans, like all Cainites and the mortal
stock from which they hail, are bound by webs of

tradition, belief, superstition and custom that define
many aspects of their nightly existence. Most of these
traditions spring from the beliefs the Cainites held
during their mortal lives but they have changed,
twisted, warped when practiced by the unliving. As the

curse of Caine alters all those who suffer it, so too does
Cainite nature corrupt even the beliefs and practices of
the world.

Assamites

s might well be expected, the vast majority of

customs the Saracens have adopted

and perverted

are those traditions and practices common to the faith of
Islam. Unlike many of the other clans, who have delib-
erately twisted or corrupted mortal customs, many of the
changes the Assamites have wrought to the practices of
Islam evolved due to the practitioners' Cainite natures,
and are not intended to be disrespectful. That said, some
Assamites — a minority, perhaps, but still enough to
warrant discussion — do indeed pervert these traditions
deliberately, either as a sign of contempt for the mortals
who practice them or asa warped tribute to Allah. After
all, if God created Cainites as unnatural mockeries of

mankind, surely they must be expected to conduct
themselves in unnatural mockeries of proper behavior.
It's worth noting that these traditions are relatively
common even amongst those Assamites who aren't
Muslim. These practices began as religious observations,
but the Assamites have adopted them so utterly that
are religious
practice. That said, those Saracens who are Muslim are
less likely to deliberately corrupt the customs' intent.

they're now as much clan tradition as they

The Five Pillars of Tslam

The Muslim faith requires much of its followers,
but its most vital practices are these five obligations,
the so-called pillars. The Assamites have altered and
twisted some more than others, but none have been
left completely untainted.

Shahada

Shahada literally refers to the act of bearing wit
ness, and consists of two statements: "I bear witness
that there is no God but Allah," and "I bear witness
that Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah."

Few Assamites would argue the first precept, but
they often differ from mortal Muslims in their inter-
pretation of the second. For proper Islam, the second
statement means not only that Muhammad was a
prophet, but that his interpretation of Islam, as ex-
pressed in the sunna, the book of Muhammad's words
and deeds, is the only true interpretation. Many
Assamites, while acknowledging that Muhammad
was the greatest of God's prophets, argue that he
cannot be the last, as proper Islam maintains. After
all, the Qur'an makes no mention of C
obviously exist. Therefore, any religion based solely
onthe Qur'an cannot yet be complete. Some Assamites
even maintain that Allah's final word must come from
a Cainite, as they are clearly more powerful than
mortals, and therefore God's favored.

ainites, yet they

The belief that God's final word has not yet been
spoken does not, in and of itself, alter the Assamites'
behavior, but it does open the door for further devia-
tions from Islam and Islamic tradition.

Prayer

Muslims are required to pray five times per day, at
specific intervals. This, obviously, is a practice in which
Assamites cannot participate. Most Muslim Assamites
simply pray five times each night instead. Surely Allah
will excuse this deviation, since it was He who made

them unable to bear the sun's gaze in the first place.

Others employ (or enslave) mortals to assist them.
Some Assamites instruct their thralls to awaken them
during the day, so that they might pray. This arrange-


mentrarely lasts long, asawakening a vampire during the
day is both difficult and dangerous. Most Saracens who
keep ghouls for this purpose instead force their servants
to pray for them, offering their devotion by proxy.

The ritual bathing of hands, face, arms, head and
feet that is required before prayer is also interpreted
differently by some Assamites. Most wash with water,
as the kine do, but some insist on bathing in blood.
They believe that using the blood for so holy a
purpose, rather than consuming it, shows their devo-
tion to God's will. The kine from whom they take that
blood, and who often wind up as sustenance after the

fact, might not agree.

Almsgiving

Islam requires the giving of charity to the poor,
and the Assamites are only too happy to practice it
While some give as would any mortal, offering a
percentage of their income to hungry kine, others
take a more Cainite-centric approach. More than
one Cainite dwelling in the poorer neighborhoods
and villages of Outremer has returned to her haven
after a fruitless night of hunting, only to find a
partially drained (but still nutritious) kine lying on
their doorstep.

Fasting

During the month of Ramadan, Muslims are
prohibited from eating or drinking during the day,
although they may do so at night. Clearly, fasting
during the day is meaningless for an Assamite, and
they can hardly go an entire month without feeding
at night. Some Assamites ignore this tenet entirely,
but others follow as best they can, feeding only as
often as is absolutely necessary to stave off torpor:
This renders them far more susceptible to frer
course, often resulting in a rise in violence in certain
ions of Outremer during Ramadan.

, of

Some rare Assamites choose to prove their
devotion through physical discomfort of a different
sort. Rather than avoiding food, as mortals do, they
force themselves to consume a bit of solid food
t for a month, despite the physical pain
and sickness it causes.

Hi

The hajj is the pilgrimage to Mecca that all
capable Muslims are required to make at least once

every n

in their lifetimes. This is perhaps the only one of
the five pillars that remains largely unchanged by
the Assamites; while Mecca isa holy place, it is not
unapproachable. Of course, Assamites cannot ful-
fill the third step of the hajj — standing at the plain
of Arafat outside Mecca during the afternoon and

listening to a sermon — but nothing prevents them
from at least making the trip itself. Surprisingly few
Assamites, even devout ones, actually make this
pilgrimage, however. "Once in their lifetime" means
something vastly different to a creature that will
never die, and the Assamites often put the pilgrim-
age off indefinitely, on the assumption that they'll
always have a chance to do it later.

The final step of the hajj involves throwing
stones at three pillars where Ishmael supposedly
Satan's temptations and drove him off.
Some Muslims even sacrifice a sheep or a goat, in

resisted S:

commemoration of Abraham's willingness to sacri-
Some more vicious Assamites
in joint

fice his son Isaac
or even other Cainites,
tribute to Abraham and Caine himself

OHther Practices

Islam has plenty of traditions beyond the five
pillars, and all of them have been perverted by
some Assamite somewhere.

The Feast of Fast-Breaking

At the close of Ramadan, Muslims hold
celebratory feast with family and friends, and sweets
for the children.

sacrifice kine,

For many Assamites, the Feast of Fast-Breaking
is their once-a-year opportunity to slough off the
discipline required to stave off the Beast and to give
in to their basest, most primal urges. They feed to
excess, often critically injuring or slaying their
vessels even when they've no need to do so. These
blood revels are restricted largely to small villages,
or at least poor neighborhoods, so as not to alarm
any kine of importance or influence.

Not all Assamites participate in this "feast,"
and some look down on those who do, but the
tradition persists

The Feast of Sacrifice

Another major Muslim holiday, the Feast of
Sacrifice falls on the tenth day of the month of the
hajj, and often involves the sacrifice of a herd
animal. In most cases, a small portion of the sacri-
fice is consumed by the family, while the rest is
given to the poor.

is the case during the hajj itself, some Assamites
sacrifice two-legged prey in place of a sheep or goat.
Some few truly depraved amongst the clan take the
practice one step further, butchering
offering its meat — unidentified, of course — to poor

he corpse and

mortals in the area. Most of the Saracens view this
practice with no small amount of horror and make


efforts to stamp it out, but they have never been
completely successful.

Mercy

Although such details are often forgotten in these
nights of war and crusade, the Qur'an urges Muslims
to practice the quality of mercy, and not yield them-
selves to revenge.

Some Assamites, already considering themselves
above many of the laws that apply to mortals, have
made themselves the instruments of that vengeance
which Muslims are supposed to eschew. They choose
as their prey those kine who have wronged others and
never paid for their crimes.

This does not mean that these Assamites serve
their domainsas some sort of police force. The Cainites
at issue pursue vengeance, not justice, and they'll
often react violently to slight or even merely
imagined — wrongs.

The Right Hand

In much of Arabic culture, the left hand is
considered unclean, and most everyday tasks
such as eating or writing

are to be conducted
using the right only. Many Assamites, who were
raised with this belief, follow it religiously, even
refusing to lay their left hand on their prey. Con-
» particularly those who
revel in their unnatural state, make a practice of
subverting this particular tradition, utilizing their
left hand for every imaginable task. They do this
partially to show their contempt for the kine, but
also as a reminder that they themselves are unnatu-
ral — and therefore, by interpretation, uncl

Followers of Set

When it comes to custom and tradition, the

versely, some Assamite:

san

Serpents are no less a conundrum than they are in all
other respects. On the one hand, they treat many of
their practices — particularly those devoted specifi-
cally to Set and those that have come to them from the
nights of ancient Egypt

with the utmost rev
On the other, they very deliberately adopt and then
pervert the mortal traditions they see practiced around
them. They are, perhaps, simply mocking the kine,
the other Cainites and the God they worship. Then

rence

again, the warping of modern practices, religious and
secular both, may well be just way of paying tribute to
their dark god...

The Legacy of Egupt

Many of the Setites' customs hearken back to a
culture long dead. The Serpents maintain many of

7 =
—~ =

AS am

aT — a

Egypt's (and therefore Set's) ways, even though the
mortals of that land have long since forgotten them
and moved on to other traditions.

Embalming and Mummification

The Egyptians believed in preserving the body for
its use in the next life. Many Setites — most because
they have learned these traditions from their clanmates,
but some few because they actually lived during the
time of the pharaohs — still believe that another life
awaits them. They are made undead to serve Set in
this world, but eventually they will stand beside him
in the next.

Unfortunately, given the rapid crumbling of a
vampire's body after Final Death, mummification is
rarely possible

As such, some of the most devoted

Setites have themselves partially mummified while

still unliving. Most of their unnecessary
liver, kidneys and the like
in canopic jars. Those Setites with the power to
remove their hearts often do so at this time as well.
Furthermore, these Setites spend many days in a bath
of natron, spices and herbs, drying out in the fashion
of a true mummy. Obviously, the visible effects of this
dehydration fade once the Setite has fed and healed
the damage dehydration causes. Still, they believe

organs —

are removed and placed

that these two acts serve at least as a spiritual gesture
to Set, even if they do not produce a true mummified
body. Setites who undergo this ritual keep their dis-
organs hidden, for fear that they might
provide sorcerers with a weapon against them.

embodie

Some few fanatics among these Setites mummify
not only themselves, but some of their victims and
defeated enemies as well, as servants who must await
them in the next life.

Home and Temple

In ancient Egypt, most prayer was conducted at
altars in the home, as the temples rarely offered regular
services for the masses. It is for precisely this reason
that Setites prefer to gather and pray in a central
temple or shrine, although most have altars in their
havens as well. By inverting the traditional method of
prayer, they show their contempt for both the other
gods of Egypt and for the land's common folk who
refused to recognize the glory of Set.

Grave Goods

Pharaohs and other Egyptian nobles were en-
tombed with wealth, goods, even animals and slaves
so that they would have access to them in the next
world. Some Setites have twisted this ancient belief
into a tradition of acquisitiveness and greed. While
most Serpents desire wealth and property in order to

al

+ PLAYERS. GUIDE

TO:


make use of them, some hoard riches and goods purely
forthe sake of having them. These Setites particularly
appreciate goods acquired from the dead, stolen from
the crypts of kings and nobles. They feel that the theft
of such wealth prevents the soul from resting in the
afterlife, and therefore diminishes the power of what-
ever gods the deceased worshiped

Caste Advancement

This is less a custom and more a fact of ancient
Egyptian life the Setites use to their own advantage. In
Egypt, the castes were not considered rigid. A member
ofthe lower caste could marry or earn his way into the
middle, the middle into the high. Medieval Setites use
ample of ancient Egypt when attempting to
Suborn or otherwise tempt serfs and peasants. Surely if

the e:

the Egyptians were enlightened enough to allow for
advancement in society, they claim, tonight's kings,
princes and sultans should do the same. It provides, if
nothing else, a starting point for the Serpents to begin
their slow temptation of Europe's lower classes.

Modern Bractices

While many Setite practices from the days of
Egypt naturally evolved into their current forms over
the years, the clan's perversions of medieval customs
are quite deliberate. All customs, religious and secu-
lar, are subject to the whims of the Setites, twisted and
warped to show how flawed mortal society truly is, and
to lessen the glory of all gods but Set

Christmas and Easter

Some religious Setites make a practice of tearing
down the precepts of Christianity as a matter of
course. Others work to shatter the faith of those whom
they would twist to their own purposes, for they know
that religion is often the greatest barrier to tempta-
tion. For either reason, many of the Serpents have
made some drastic changes to the meanings and
practices of these two greatest Christian holidays.

On multiple occasions during the Middle Ages,
certain officials in the Church actually attempted to
ban the observance of Christmas, in part because so
brated with drunken
Setites, of course, encourage such prac-

many of the commoners c
. The

Many of them arrange ce'

rations so that those
I) whobecome truly inebriated can then be exposed to
extreme temptation. Adultery, rape, murder — all
these and more are the hoped-for results of a Setite
Christmas revel. At worst, this provides the Serpent
with potential blackmail material. Atbest, the victim's
contrition and horror over what he's done — particu-

larly when celebrating in God's name deals a
devastating blow to his faith.


The celebration of Easter is far simpler. Setites
who are willing to expose their Cainite nature to a
potential mortal cat's-paw often choose the anniver-
sary of Christ's resurrection to do so. The parallel
between the rising of Jesus and the Embrace is an
obvious one, and the mere revelation that such hor-
tors exist — along with the very idea that the
resurrection of Christ could be viewed as just such an
occurrence — is often sufficient to shatter the faith of
even the most devout believer.

Apprenticing and Education

Many cultures of the Middle Ages use the appren-
ticeship method of education. That is, young boys are
given to a master of the craft they will pursue, who
educates them in the craft in question (as well as
receiving a free long-term servant out of the deal).
The Followers of Set adopted this system of training
for their own purposes. They're often isolated, hated
by all but their own clanmates— and sometimes even
by them. Yet they must obtain sufficient skills and
abilities not only to survive and to thrive, but to have
something to offer other local Cainites in exchange
for power, wealth or simply boons.

When a Setite speaks of "apprenticing" her childe,
she refers to the practice of finding a mortal skilled in the
relevant craft or knowledge, and then forcing them to
devote all their attentions to training the childe. The
force applied varies, from blood oaths to blackmail to
delivery of taboo desires. Those mortal "masters" who
are lucky are returned to their lives at that point, ifforno
other reason than they might prove useful again in the
future, butsome wind upas the meal to celebrate the end
of the apprentice's training.

Ona related topic, academic, historical and liter-
ary education is normally reserved for the nobility and
the clergy. Most peasants cannot read, or at least have

only a basic understanding of letters.

It seems surprising at first that the Followers of Set
are proponents of an educated and literate populace, and
often makea pointof teaching the kine in theirarea their
letters and history. Some truly religious Setites believe
that all kine must be educated, if they are to reach their
full potential as Set teaches, without the strictures and
restrictions of other gods. Most Serpents, however, have
far less altruistic reasons for their assistance. An edu-
cated peasant is often far more easily tempted; he is far
more conscious of the gap between his own state and
that of the wealthy and well-to-do, and he understands
that the feudal system is far from the only viable means
of government. Too, any commoner who learns of
history and world events froma Setite likely hasno other
source of knowledge for comparison. This allows the

Setite to alter facts and history however he chooses, thus
shaping the mortal's entire outlook and encouraging
him to behave in a manner most befitting the Cainite's
own purposes.

Census and Records

A substantial number of European lords employ
agents to make detailed records of all the properties,
livestock, homesteads and so forth in their domains.
The first to do so was William the Conqueror, who
kept such records in his Domesday Book.

Some Setites who dwell in a given region for any
length of time have adopted a similar practice. They
keep track not only of the properties owned by the
peasants, but by the local lords as well. First, this grants
them a fairly good idea of what wants and needs the
people have that aren't being met. It also tells them if
a given individual, peasant or lord, is holding back
tribute from his own liege. Both of these translate into
leverage over the individual in question.

A few Serpents also use the information gathered as
a means of turning peasants against their lord. By show-
ing them just how much more wealth the lord possesses,
the Setites stir up feelings of resentment that, if properly
cultivated, can occasionally turn into outright rebellion.
(See Spoils of War for more information.)

Gangrel

While the Gangrel draw as heavily on mortal
culture as other clans, frequently even they don't
realize how much they owe to the living. Many of their
folkways come from peoples long since extinct. How-
ever, there are exceptions. Although the einherjar
were never very numerous in the clan, for instance,
they carried many rich Norse traditions to their
clanmates in the far corners of the globe during their
nights of glory. Nomads and steppe peoples from the
Cimmerians to the Bedouins to the Mongols have also
had a strong influence on Gangrel notions of honor,
loyalty and hospitality.

Soul-Beasts

In ages long forgotten, say the Gangrel, and in

some remote corners of the world even tonight, mor

tals have believed that the human soul takes the form

not of a shade or a globe of light, but of an animal.
Usually these soul-beasts remain hidden, appearing
only in their owner's dreams. But some mortals have
the power to walk abroad in their soul's animal shape
while their human body remains asleep or in a trance,
Shamans, especially, often possess this skill, and wield
it for good or ill as they please


Accordingly, traditional Gangrel belief holds that
the changes that overtake their bodies bit by bit with
are also part of a spiritual transformation.
Gradually the true soul, the beast-soul, becomes mani-
fest. Although to acquire too many of Ennoia's marks too
quickly shows a spirit gone rabid, by and large Gangrel
who follow the old ways welcome the marks — so long
asthey come in their proper time, along with the wisdom

each frenzy

necessary to bear them honorably. The closer a Gangrel
comes to a beast's visage, the nearer he approaches the
Nature that shunned him in his first nights as a blood-
drinker. To never gain any animal features is a sign of
shame and of Ennoia's displeasure. It means that one's

B k and unworthy. While
young Gangrel need not deliberately throw themselves

t, one's very soul, is w

into fret

-inducing situations, they are expected to
take up the opportunity when it crosses their paths. In
other words, they're actually supposed to court their
Beasts — just not too ardently

To the elders' dismay, the guilt and self-loathing
which they associate with the religion of the "White
Christ" seem to have taken hold among later genera-
tions. Some fledglings will not even speak at Gather
anymore for fear of being made to fight for the right to
do.so, and possibly risk losing control. Of course, this
often leads the elders to confront them and force their
Beasts into the open regardless, in order to prove that
no amount of faith or wishful thinking can tame the
untamable. True, it's dangerous both spiritually and
literally to provoke the Beasts of those who lack the
strength of the Via Bestiae to gui

them through the
experience. But the elders say it's better the young
should fall than fail to face their true natures and
disgrace their ancestors.

Songs and Kennings

Depending on whom you ask, either the mortal
skald poets influenced the Nordic Gangrel, or vice
yersa. Either way, several of the customs they hold in
common have now spread throughout the rest of the
clan; only the Anda, who seem the most cut off from
other branches of the clan, ignore these traditions
completely.

One is the custom of song-making. Many Gangrel
consider it boorish to boast of a great deed unless one
can do it not only in verse, but in the appropriate
meteras well. And so when a Gangrel does something
he considers worthy of note, he often sits down then
and there to create a memorial to it. The ability to
compose on the spot, especially with clever allitera-
d. Outsider
Cainites might be confused and annoyed to hear their

tions and kennings, is especially p

Sa

occasional coterie-mate burst into spontaneous verse
at the sight of a beautiful moonrise or the start of anew
endeavor, but he hardly cares what they think; he's
not doing it for their benefit. He's simply practicing
for the next occasion when he might need to impress
a fellow Gangrel in a hurry.

Those less gifted by the muse can at least take part
inthe traditional Gatherpastime of reciting from memory
the ancient poem-songs, named runos by Gangrel of
Sami (Lapp) descent. The prize goes to the one with the
most prodigious repertoire, and sometimes, at great
Gathers where many skilled orators are present, addi-
tional conditions are imposed
acertain theme, for example, or each one must answer
the previous one in some fashion. Although the Sami
and Finns originally brought this tradition into the clan,
Norse and Bedouin poetic forms are also incorporated

therunos mustall be on

into these competitions.

(Although the Toreador have traditionally ig-
nored Gangrel culture, largely because they assume it
to be nonexistent, a very few have recently taken a
deep and suicidal interest in Gather poetry and now
which
of course goes against the whole point. Such Artisans

attempt to collect it, even to write it down

tend to receive the sort of welcome Gangrel usually
reserve for Ravnos.)

Kennings appear not only in Gangrel poetry
but also in Gangrel by-names. A kenning is an
elliptical, almost riddling reference to a thing ora
concept. An example of a simple Anglo-Saxon
kenning is the name "Beowulf." Beowulf literally
means "bee-wolf," and "wolf" is understood to be
symbolic for "thief." Thus "bee-wolf' means "one
who steals from the bees," i.e., one who steals
honey: a bear. A more complicated Norse kenning
is "chariot-Vidur of wondrous-wide ground of
Endil." Endil is a sea-king, so his wondrous-wide
ground is obviously the sea. A "chariot of the
ocean" is a ship. Vidur is an alternate name for
Odin, the great god; the great god of a ship is its
captain, and so the whole phrase refers to a ship's
captain. The traditional form of a kenning is x of y,
or y's x, and they can be nested within each other
as in the example above (where the chariot-Vidur
kenning is nested within the wondrous-wide-
ground-of-Endil kenning).

Kennings among elder Gangrel can become
notoriously obscure, containing poetic references
not only to far-flung mortal cultures but also to
other Gangrel elders and their known exploits and
foibles. Gangrel often encode their accomplish-
ments into kenning-names that they recite along

ty


with their other various nicknames upon meeting
another Animal for the first time. For the other
Gangrel, being able to unravel as many of those
kenning-names as possible is a sign not only of
cleverness but of extensive experience and travel.
Thus, the sorts of opening exchanges that Cainites
of other clans find not only incomprehensible but
interminable: "Hail, sister; | am called Wamba, son
of Goderic, son of Clotild brewer of dwarfs' mead,
and also they call me woodsman of Cormac's-
cupbreaker's forest, and bard of Diana's bow." "Hail,
brother, and well met; your grandsire was indeed a

fine weaver of tongue-silk, and I too take the chain-
breaker's skin on occasion, but it takes a good many
slain Lhiannan to make a forest. As for myself, | am
Imilia daughter of Ugo...."

Berserkers

Norse sagas speak of the ulfheddin, the "wolf-
coats," and the berserkr, the "bear-shirts" — but as well
as they might fit, the words don't refer to Gangrel (or
Lupines, for that matter). The Norse berserker was a
powerful but controversial figure in his society. He
defended his people fearlessly, striking terror into
enemies with his bestial fury and his seeming immu-
nity to ordinary weapons. Some said he could even
change completely into a wolf ora bear if the power of
Odin was upon him strongly enough. On the other
hand, when there were no enemies for him to vent his
wode upon, he all too often turned on the very folk he
theoretically protected. Stories abound of berserkers
killing their own shieldmates or kin without realizing
it while in the grip of berserkergang. At other times
they raided villages, or challenged patriarchs to
holmgang (individual combat), then slew them and
seized their womenfolk and lands.

Nowadays, the mortal world has little use for

berserkers; it's even passed laws putting a penalty of
outlawry on berserkergang. But the Gangrel haven't
forgotten the beast-warriors of old. They say that the
Gangrel's blessing-curse is just like the berserker's,
only far more powerful. The battle-rage and the ability
to take animal shape are laudable when used properly,
but to wield them against any but an enemy is an
abomination. When the Beast lashes against out against
friends and kin, as it inevitably does, the only option
for an honorable monster is exile. To stay when those
you love must fear you is the deed of a nidhingr, a
coward and oath-breaker.

This, many Gangrel claim, is how the clan custom
of wandering got started. The ancient shaman-war-
riors of Ennoia, struggling to master the unnatural

blood-thirst their goddess had cursed them with, some-
times slipped and killed their own tribesmen. And so
in grief they fled out into the wild so that their people
would know no more danger from them, hoping in
time todo penance for their murder. Those who didn't
feel they had properly remitted their sins in their own
time laid the charge on their descendants. Gangrel
sires warn their childer thus: "Yes, it is your great
honor to mediate between the worlds of beast and
man, but never forget that while you bring each world
your gifts, you bring each your curse also, and so you
must not linger too long within one or the other."
Some Gangrel claim that when the sagas tell of
berserkers they refer not to human shaman-warriors,
but to the Lupines and other shapeshifters. Most,
however, spit on the ground when they hear such lies.
Every faithful child of Ennoia knows that the
shapeshifters are an atrocity, descended from human
tricksters who stole the gift of beast-shape from the
people of Ennoia with the aid of evil spirits. The usual
account of this holds that old Sekter went down to the
river where the shamaness Vaarga bathed, and he
lusted after her, and prayed to the Churka-folk that
she might be his and he hers forever. The Churka-folk
turned him into an alder seed and threw him into the
arga accidentally swallowed him. Nine
months later she gave birth to a son who became the

river, where

first werewolf; he began his evil career by devouring
his mother. The einherjar, however, say that the Lu-
pines they know call themselves "Fenrir" — thus,
descendants of the wicked god Loki, Fenris Ulfs
father —and that they're perfectly happy to take them
at their word.

Malkavians

By now it's already an old saw: The only thing

Malkavians really have in common is their madness.
Most other lineages of Caine, particularly the High
Clans, have some body of traditions they at least
pretend to revere, but a fair number of Malkavians
don't even acknowledge their clan, much less any
claim to a clan culture. What outsiders fail to realize,
however, is that the Curse of Malkav is quite a
substantial thing to share all by itself.

Soothsaying

Although Methuselahs like to snort that keeping
pet Malkavians as court oracles went out of fashion
shortly after the fall of Carthage, in truth the custom
clings stubbornly on. Some Madmen's faculties are so
crippled that the best their fellow Cainites can do isto

q

aos

an

simply listen to the babbling in hopes of seeing some
shape in it, however fanciful — like trying to find the
profile of Helen in a cloud. Many more are at least as
eager to make sense of themselves as anyone else, and
practice various forms of divination as a means of
doing so.

Unfortunately, Cainite cruelty in fortunetelling
outstrips that of mortals — if only barely. Elagabalus
and Julian the Apostate both reportedly practiced the
artofharuspicy (divination of the entrails) upon their
fellow men, for example. However, Malkavian seers
have certainly devised their own elaborations. Some

require the Cainites who approach them for omens to
strip naked. They then swing the supplicant upside-
down from a rope, slashing open her bowels or throat

toread the patterns in the resultant blood-spatters or

intestinal loops. Wisdom, as they explain, must be
bought and paid for. Another method involves the
casting of fangs or teeth engraved with symbols. Quite
a few divinations use mortals: in one, a woman is
beheaded, her head held up and her final expressions
or lip-movements interpreted; in another, a young
boy is boiled until his flesh can easily be picked off his
skeleton, and a certain wrist-bone is searched out and
; in yet another, flesh is left
to decay and the augury read from its putrefactions.
One oracle who dwells in al-Andalus hears the ques-
tion put to him, then asks for a mortal of a certain
fegion or descent to be brought to him; he claims he
tastes the shifting tides of history in their blood.

studied for shape and siz

Sometimes the horrors are far subtler. Perhaps
some Malkavians sages feel bitter that those who don't
suffer the Curse should benefit from its insights. In any
case, they often ask steep prices of those who come to
them. Many a querent is told, for example, that her
fortune can only be read if she is willing to fetch for the
seersome painful and hard-to-obtain memento of her
mortal life: a finger-bone from her true love who died
decades ago, a veil from her old nunnery, a teardrop
from her great-great-granddaughter. Or she might be
made to confess a terrible secret. Malkavians whose
prophecies acquire a reputation for actually panning

en from
mighty princes; the political skill with which they
often wield this advantage strongly suggests the Curse
does not injure all one's mental powers.

Jesting

Being a jester looks like an easy job to anyone who
doesn't actually have to do it —just act silly all night.
However, the Malkavians who serve their lieges in
this way (as well as the other Cainites who also do so,

out can demand almost anything they like, e

though Malkavians predominate, and claim they were
the first to bring this mortal tradition into Cainite
society) know it to be deadly serious business.
Jesters perform a number of duties besides simply
amusing the company — not that that isn't important
enough, especially among the undead, who are even
more cut off from joy than the most careworn mortal
monarch (and no less overprotective of their dignity).
For one thing, the jester can say nearly anything, so
long as he says it in a funny way. He can make
criticisms that his liege would never tolerate (or likely
hear in the first place) from her assemblage of syco-
phants and counselors, perhaps not even from her
intimates. He can also present the viewpoint of the
"common folk," bringing an alienated prince back
down to earth in an instant with a well-crafted phrase
or gesture. He can defuse tense situations, providing
feuding partiesa safe exit whereby they can back down
from a dangerous confrontation and yet save face.
na Brujah in the grip of rage might laugh and
sheath his sword if his dilemma is put in the right
humorous light. The jester can ply his arts selectively,
ridiculing and imitating those he doesn't trust more
often or more cruelly than those he does. While the
objects of his jokes might not be appreciative, they

can't really do much more than beat him for his
offense. His jokes are, in their way, sacrosanct, and
provided he stays within the bounds of his profession,
he enjoys not only the staunch protection but often
the close friendship of his sovereign.

The bounds of the profession, however, are quite
demanding. The power granted to the jester is granted
on a single condition: He must always remain

unthreatening, servile and ridiculous. Political com-
mentary that's quite palatable coming from a capering
fellow who has just tripped over his own shoe-points into
son should he ever stand
upstraightand use his right voice. The jester must always
be willing to be the most foolish person present. If
someone of importance

a tureen of blood becomes tr

> makes a gaffe, he is expected to
deflect attention from it by immediately doing some-
thing even stupider. He takes onto himself the shame
and derision that rightly belongs to others in the room.
In short, he may

only make fun of others as long as he's
n more fun of himself. Should he break these
unwritten rules, he loses his special status, and woe
betide him should those who haven't forgotten his
stinging ripostes get hold of him then.

making ev

The Tongue of Babel
Some wandering Madmen insist that the crude

scratches, blots, zigzags and glyphs they leave here and


there for their fellows to indicate places of safety and
danger are far more than simple vagrant's code. They
are the remnants of an original language of men and
angels, scattered — like the Malkavians' thoughts —
far and wide. A few spend their existences in deliber-
ate pursuit of this fable, studying languagesand histories
and visiting ancient sites both mortal and Cainite for
clues. Others insist with equal vehemence that there
is no Tongue of Babel that the Madmen alone keep,
that itis sacrilege to say so, and yet they too frequently
have the experience of looking at some symbol and
suddenly perceiving, in its depths, a hundred facets
that were hidden a moment before.

What is undeniable is that few Malkavians can
resist their fascination with symbols. Fortunately,
mortals of this age also love to create systems and
their efforts provide plenty of fodder
for the Malkavian imagination. Gems, flowers, stars
and planets, animals, colors, numbers, names, days of
the year, saints, and heraldic devices all have their
special significance. But while mortals might respect

assign meanings;

these symbols and incorporate them into their social

rituals, no sane one would, for instance, agree to
murder this duchess at the behest of that duchess
because of the color of the shoes she wore that night.
No sane vampire would either, for that matter. A
Malkavian, however, just might.

Madmen who obsess about mortal symbolic sys-
tems tend to select one or two, at most, and collect the
relevant lore voraciously. Just because one Malkavian
bases all her decisions on elaborate astrological caleu-
htest
stock in her brood-mate's interest in birds. Indeed, if
she knows about it, she may use it to manipulate him.

Chivalvic Madness

Tristan, Yvain, Lancelot
toes of chivalric romance. All were also madmen for
atime, if one believes the songs. Indeed, it's becoming
almost obligatory for heroes of romance to lose their
minds mid-story, usually from the pains of love.

lations does not mean that she places the sl

all were famous he-

Malkavians whose particular insanities lead them
to obsess about a person or, more rarely, an institution
such as the Church, use this literary endorsement to
put a knightly shine on their obsession. They aren't
mad; they simply love more completely than their
cold-hearted fellow Cainites can fathom. And the
deeper the descent, the deeper the love. If one
Malkavian takes it upon himself to kill the prince
rather than let his ‘lady' marry the old coot, that only
proves his bravery in love's service. The Knights
Templar are a pure, holy order, too righteous even to

defend themselves against their many ‘Christian' en-
emies — but that's exactly why God appointed them
a humble vampire protector. Even if there were no
stories of knightly madness these Malkavians would
still obsess as they do, but the stories both justify their
behavior and give them ideas for further ‘devotions.'
Madmen who actually were knights in mortal life are
especially prone to this kind of thinking; however,
low-born and even female Malkavians have been
known to take the myth to heart.

Worse, mortals and even Cainites might find
themselves strangely attracted to his recklessness, his
absolute self-confidence in the face of the whole
world's hatred. Once he has a stable of followers, the
thing begins to feed on itself in most pernicious
fashion: he needs them to believe in him, they needto
believe in him. Any conflicting external realities are
to be ignored or, better yet, obliterated. Fledging
Leper childer, their souls cast hopelessly adrift by so
much suffering in so short a span, are especially
vulnerable to this sort of seduction. Even quite con-

ventional warrens must often shelter these miniature
cults, despite the obvious hazards; the only alternative
is to let them run wild, and that, alas, is even more
likely to lead to some disaster for which the warren
will (however unjustly) ultimately be blamed.

Nosferatu

Although the Nosferatu tend to avoid mortals
themselves (or at least all but the few they place under
their direct sway), they can hardly help being deepl
influenced by mortal culture still

oO

because they were
zinally born to it, if for no other reason.

Marked by Good

Clan Nosferatu has a well-deserved reputation for
going to religious extremes. While Toreador and
Lasombra struggle to slip quietly under the aegis of the
Catholic and Orthodox Churches and their formally
anointed clergy, the Lepers tend to gravitate to the
outer fringes and the lay movements. They could be
found among the very first Cathars, Beguines and
Beghards; some even donned gray habits and pledged

themselves to keeping the Franciscans and Poor Clares
pure in their humility and poverty.

Once these various sects attained legitimacy (if
not always respectability), many Lepers wandered
even further, falling under the spell of one self-pro-
claimed folk prophet after another. Even the Brujah
tend to prefer heresies with at least a chance of
attracting a substantial following, their minds ever

et en i er seaman. eae _ wm.

subtly bent to political utility. But for these Nosferatu, critical moment if he can only stand firm against

the tinier the sect is and the more cruelly it promises overwhelming odds.

to mortify the flesh and pride — abolition of private Ss

property, sexual abstinence even in marriage, veg- Etiquette

etarianism, self-flagellation, horsehair shirts, etc., — The High Clans like to pride themselves on the

the better they like it arcane complexity of their social rituals, and quite
Most Lepers with any religious leaning take their often the most thrilling night in a young heir's unlife

deformity as a sign of God's judgment. Depending on comes when he gains some victory against a clanmate

personal outlook, they then conclude eitherthatthey've which no one besides another clanmate would care

heen given a last slim chance to redeem themselves about or indeed even recognize. But in truth, it's the

(Since they're clearly notin hell or Purgatory yet), orelse lowly Lepers who excel at dealing in minutiae. This

thatthey've been assigned to eternal deviltry (ataskthey applies not only to the gossip they compile and trade

proceed to carry out to the best of their ability). Some _ regarding other clans, which forms the bulk of their
B) teason that God wouldn'ttestand temptthemsobitterly _ traffic with Cainite society; their store of gossip on
tinless they were meant for a higher purpose. After all, _ each other puts that vast body to shame. Ask a Leper in
Scripture and the lives of the saints and martyrs repeat- Reims about a warren elder in Prague: Startlingly
edly demonstrate that the chosen of God undergo the _ often she'll know not only that elder's name but also
Worst torments. That they have been so chosen proves who among his fellow elders he has offended, and how
their worthiness, not their unworthiness. recently, and which of his childer are presently on
This kind of thinking can lead to great danger. speaking terms with him.
Sucha Nosferatu might, for example, coax a mortal or The Nosferatuare this astute because they have to
evena beloved childe to cut opena vein before himin be. More than most other clans, they must rely on
the middle of his weeklong fast, so as to test his powers _ each other for survival. After all, precious few outsid-
of self-denial. Or he might deliberately lead hiscom- _ ers, High Clan or Low, will even tolerate theircompany
patriots to a village he knows harbors Lupines, simply for long. Fewer yet can be counted on in times of
because he knows the angels will deliver him at the trouble. And in close quarters, when folk can't get

as ety
ae li ORES ise
see aS i

2 a -LOWESTO!
a Shh Shah


away from each other, minor irritations quickly mag-
nify into feuds that threaten everyone.

Asa consequence, the warrens of Europe are home
to some of the most careful and demanding systems of
politesse ever invented. A maid or lad captured on a
wedding's eve, for example, is the traditional apology for
an unintentional offense against a warren-mate. For an
intentional offense, an elder of the warren will ceremo-

nially kill the offender's most prized servant (sometimes

this is reduced to a mere bleeding in deference to
Humanitatis or Christianity, but the meaning of the
gesture is clear). After traveling from one warren to
another warren on bad terms with the first, one must
discard one's shoes before entering so as to avoid bring-
ing the dirt — and thus, symbolically, the grudge
inside. Guests should always bringa gift upon a first visit,
=xcept on the feasts of St. Lazarus, St. Giles and St.
George and All Hallow's Eve, when it is a terrible faux
pas to bring anything whatsoever because the host is
supposed to provide for the guest's every need. Of course
a gift that is too small insults the host, while a gift that
is too large insults the host's eldest childe. And so on.

Although some Nosferatu reject this whole business
on religious grounds (Jesus advocated forgiving and
forgetting, after all), or because they simply can't be
bothered, most pay the necessary attention to propri

eties. "Never forget a favor, never forget a debt, never
forget a slight," is one of the clan's oldest proverbs. A
Leper who can hold a grudge for decades or spend a
century plotting revenge — particularly against some-
one unpopular with the clan at large

admiration of many peers. Long memory is the cardinal

will gain the

Nosferatu virtue.

Superstition

Nosferatu also show a surprising reverence for

the various peasant superstitions regarding mon-

sters. Many will not enter a house where a horseshoe
has been nailed above the door or a sieve hung at
the window, or steal an unbaptized babe whose
mother has laid a key upon its chest. If a scullery
maid (and country girl by birth) finds a Leper in her
master's courtyard and, instead of screaming, sim-
ply makes the sign of the evil eye and recites the old
charm to confound an unfriendly kobold: Wola,
wiht, taz tu weist, taz tu wiht heizist, taz tu neweist
noch nechanst cheden ‘chnospinci', then she may well
be spared. Oddly enough, it's those Nosferatu who
go out of their way to behave like unnatural beasts
who tend to take the folklore most seriously

This makes more sense than one might first
realize. What with the scholastics and missionar-

ies of the Church shining the light of God's truth
everywhere, there aren't many safe corners left for
the monsters. Most of them have either been
dismissed as old wives' tales or reclassified as de-
mons in need of exorcism. But in the old lore,
monsters still merit a certain respect as well as fear;
they have their place in the world, and are usually
to be avoided, negotiated with or even accommo-
dated, not destroyed out-of-hand. That peasant
woman with her nonsense charm may well be the
first mortal to truly acknowledge and accept that
Leper's existence in years; why shouldn't she gain
a little mercy?

Indeed, a few Nosferatu take on this role so
completely that they become the self-appointed
house-spirits of some clutch of mortals. This rela-
tionship, however, like most between the living
and the undead, is prone to abuse. Since they serve
so faithfully, they feel they deserve the rewards that
go with the job — and bowls of milk and honey
simply won't suffice. Stories abound, one or two
even true, of Lepers who protect whole villages
from harm in return for midwinter sacrifices.

Ravnos

Although the Ravnos/gypsy connection isn't
nearly as pervasive as many other clans believe, it
still has a substantial impact on the Charlatans.
Many Ravnos do travel with gypsy families in India
and the Middle East, and a large number of Ravnos
traditions were borrowed from gypsy customs. The
Ravnos practice some few of them seriously and
y for the
clan to thumb its collective nose at society's mores

respectfully, but most are just another we

and practices. Some other Ravnos customs come
from the clan's origins in India, although few Char-
latans in the Middle Ages are aware of their
connection to that distant land.

Because the clan is largely nomadic, found in
almost all cultures and rarely remaining long in any
specific one, they have relatively few clan-wide
customs from other sources. Instead, they mimic
whatever practices are common in the immediate
area, deliberately twisting the practice or tradition
in question — not because they feel it suits them
better, but purely as a mischievous or malicious jab
at the Cainites and kine around them. Some younger
Ravnos find it amusing, for example, to make pro-
tective gestures of the sort used to ward off the "evil
eye" whenever someone with whom they are speak-
ing mentions God or Christ.

ho ee ee a

PLAYERS.GL

"LOWC]

moh Ae

nS tA

o mua o

am

nos

Gypsy Customs

The Rom and other gypsy groups can trace
their origins back to India, although most non-
Gypsies in the Dark Medieval are ignorant of this
fact. Some Rom customs are derived from ancient
Hindi practices, whereas others developed over the
course of their travels. Whether the Ravnos adopted
these practices to better fit in with the gypsies or to
mock them, even the Charlatans themselves can
no longer say with any certainty.

Cleanliness

The Rom have an inordinate number of ritu-
als and taboos when it comes to cleanliness, and
the Ravnos have managed to twist them all. The
lower half of a woman's body is considered un-
clean because of its association with menstruation.
This belief is the reason for, among other things,
the traditional long skirt worn by gypsy women,
as well as the custom that states a woman cannot
pass in front of, or between, two men while within
close quarters.

It is acceptable to bathe or clean in running
water, but not standing water. The purest water —
inother words, the water farthest upstream
be used whenever possible.

must

Many animals are unclean, and not to be eaten
These include, among others, dogs, cats, pigs and,
in some tribes, horses.

Many Ravnos, of course, associate "unnatural"
with "uncle are already unnatural
creatures, enjoy breaking every one of these taboos.
Some do so purely to remind themselves of what
the

n" and, as the

are, whereas others enjoy the consternation

they cause by doing so in front of mortal gypsies.
Female Ravnos enjoy moving particularly close to
gypsy men, never quite near enough to draw the
attention of the kris (the gypsy leadership), but
close enough to cause severe discomfort. They
bathe in standing water, and feed on forbidden
animals. Some Ravnos with a particular grudge
against a Rom family have been known to kill and
pollute their food animals, forcing them to make
the choice between consuming unclean animals or

tisking starvation.

Mystical Powers

Gypsies believe in the use of mystical powers
and talismans. They call down curses (the
eye," as many outsiders think of it), perform heal-
ing rituals on the sick, make protective talismans
and so forth. Whether or not these powers truly
work depends on the individual. Some special indi-

"evil

viduals might actually create the intended result,
but in most cases, these activities are more spiritual
than truly functional

The Ravnos, of course, do posses
abilities in the form of their Disciplines. Some
Charlatans, particularly when playing up their con-
nections to the gypsies, cloak the use of those
Disciplines in gypsy rituals. One might perform a
quick "healing ritual" on herself, just before using
vitae to close an injury. Another might call down
a curse, then implement it through a combination
of Chimerstry and the summoning of various pests
through Animalism. The protection granted by a
"talisman" might instead be due to a few levels of

Fortitude. Among outsiders, the Ravnos do this to

play up the mystique of the gypsies, to sell their
magic amulets and the like to ignorant villagers, or
else to frighten a population into turning against
the Rom in their midst. Among the gypsies, some
Ravnos use their abilities to prove their superiority
to their mortal companions, and to prove that the
gypsies' belief in their own powers is false.

Tndian Tradition

Even though many do not themselves know of
their clan's origins in the Orient, the Ravnos still
carry with them the legacy of India. Most Charle
tans view these as clan beliefs or customs, unaware

of their initial source.
Reincarna

n

The Hindus believe that the soul returns to
experience lifetime after lifetime, until it has be-
come truly enlightened and enters a higher state of
being. The moral codes by which they live their
lives are demanded by karma and the gods, and
someone who lives an immoral life is doomed to
return as a lower being, such as an animal.

In India, many Ravnos believed that, as unliving
beings, they were outside the karmic cycle. No act
they committed as Cainites, however vile, would
have any impact on their future lives, as their fate
was decided the moment they died a mortal death.
It is possible that this belief is the source of the
uncaring attitudes so prevalent among the Ravnos
tonight, and might — if one chooses to disbelieve
the notion that Caine personally delivered a curse
to each Antediluvian — even somehow represent
the source of the clan weakness.

Bindi

Many Hindus — most frequently but not ex-
clusively women — wear a red dot on the center of
their forehead, representing the power of the third


eye. Although the specific meaning has long since
been lost to most Raynos, many of the clan still
make use of the symbolism. These Ravnos, after
Embracing a new childe, mark the neonate's fore-
head with a small circle of vitae, which they are
expected to wear for their first night as a vampire.
If asked, they explain that it's a clan tradition, a
mark of power and good fortune.

Some particularly well-informed Ravnos can-
not help but wonder at the similarity between the
bindi and the third eye of the fading Salubri clan
Did Saulot's brood have some shaping influence in
India during the nascent days of the religion, or is
it simple coincidence? None can say for sure, and
considering what's been happening to the Salubri
in recent years at the hands of the Tremere, the
Ravnos aren't particularly anxious to point out any
possible connection.

Tremere

With the notable exception of Etrius, the Coun-
cil of Seven sees Christianity as a stumbling block
After all, not much about the
clan's method of getting and keeping immortality
measures up to churchly standards of virtue. A
clutch of scheming vampire w

to the Tremere way

rds has little use

for a creed whose central mystery and doctrine is
one of self-sacrifice. After the terrible price they
paid to prolong their stay in this world, few want to
agonize about what awaits them in the next.
Unfortunately, like most clans in Dark Medi-
eval Europe, the Tremere Embrace Christians
because they have little other choice. Still, they
understand how important it is to calm the turmoil

in the hearts of both their neonates (who tend to
suffer nagging worries about damnation) and their
elders (who, as former mortal magi, mourn their
House's exile from the Hermetic Order and tremble
at the prospect of some cosmic retribution). The
Seven would much prefer that Tremere question
neither their own motivations nor those of their
leaders. Mere survival presently demands too much
of them to afford the luxury of soul-searching.

The Pagan Philosophers

Some initiates eagerly abandon their old faith.
House Tremere was once of the Order of Hermes;
Hermeticism draws much of its wisdom from the
classical world, and clan libraries have preserved
the old learning to a remarkable degree. Thus, it
can seem a natural step to adopt Platonism, Sto-

icism, Aristotelianism or some other ancient mode
of thought. Plato, for instance, believed in a "Prime
Mover" and in an afterlife where souls receive
reward or punishment (before reincarnation, which
all but the very best and very worst souls continu-
ally undergo); but he also looked to human wisdom
and reason, not divine Grace, as the ultimate source
of salvation. Such a worldview naturally appeals to
the Usurpers, who don't ultimately like to rely on
anyone but themselves — particularly when most
gods of record seem likely to disapprove of them.

On the other hand, Platonism has led some'
Tremere to disturbing questions about their leader
ship. According to Plato, the real goal of a
philosopher is to live a life of such virtue and
wisdom that he escapes the cycle of rebirth and
goes on to dwell permanently in the mansions of
pure spirit. What can Tremere and the §
been thinking, trapping not only themselves but

even have

their followers in the inferior material world? Per-
haps, some Usurpers mutter, they already had an
impressive list of sins for which they wished to
escape atonement. Perhaps they had sinned so
profoundly that they expected to be cast forever
into Tartarus, never even to be reincarnated. Other,
more loyal magi trust in the breadth of great
Tremere's vision. They point out that because
reincarnated souls forget their former lives upon
drinking Lethe's waters, they must constantly re-
learn old lessons, while the Tremere, as immortals,
have a far more direct path to enlightenment —if
they can only stand fast against the temptations of
their new state.

Neo-Platonism

Most Tremere, however, hesitate to give up the
Cross completely. Although the Seven have begun
promoting a new form of Hermetic philosophy with
almost all Christian elements removed, mortal Her-
meticism (which merged with Christianity centuries
ago) remains far more popular.

Mortal Hermeticism owes much of its present
shape to Neo-Platonism. Neo-Platonism, the first
great synthesis of Greek, Christian, Jewish and
Gnostic thought, informs the work of great Church
scholars like Augustine and Boethius — with whom
educated apprentices are already familiar. Many a

regent gradually leads his charges away from formal
religion using Neo-Platonism as the bridge. He
begins with the more outré passages of orthodox
Church philosophy. Then he assigns readings of
Plotinus, whose vision of salvation through self

cc
fo

th

ur

ut
hy

ci
W
bi

contemplation he twists mercilessly until the lust
for personal occult power and secrets is reframed as
the quest to commune with the Good.

The fact that other people become sacrifices to
this worthy cause is dismissed or minimized. An
tinexamined life is not worth living, after all, and
all men die sometime. Those who would never
have ascended to the greater heights may as well go
toGod nowas later, and their blood serve to further
the development of one meant for better things.
Another very attractive aspect of Plotinus and
other such thinkers is that union with God is not
something one has to enter the afterlife to achieve
—a comforting thought for those who chose im-
mortality on Earth so that they needn't face an
uncertain afterlife, but who also still want some
hope of going on to better things regardless.

Gnosticism

Gnosticism is also closely related to Hermeti-
cism. Some Tremere either knowingly or
unknowingly drift toward it over the years, mostly
because Gnosticism's belief that the material world
is corrupt tends to agree with their personal expe-
tience of it. Certainly they have no trouble believing
that the flesh is corrupt. Mortal bodies full of blood
tempt them to sordid losses of restraint, and their
vampire flesh has its own grotesque needs and
vulnerabilities. Small wonder if some wish to es-
cape it entirely.

Tremere whose longings run in this direction
often seek to master the art of spirit-walking as
soon as possible. Everything they're looking for
¢an only be found on other planes than this one.
Unfortunately, the longer one outruns the flesh,
the more spiteful its revenge in the end. Tremere

of sufficient will and power can leave their bodies
to wither in torpor for months at a time while they
range afar, but eventually their flesh calls them
back, and all those months' worth of the hunger
come due at once.

Sufernalism

Some Tremere can't let go of notions of damna-
tion no matter how hard they try. They simply endure
in misery much like their counterparts in other clans
— silent misery, for the most part. The image of one
of their own falling down ata priest's feet and confess-
ing all haunts the day-sleep of the Tremere elders —
many have faced the threat of torch and crucifix once
too often as both mortal sorcerer and Cainite. And so
most apprentices find it wise to keep any yearnings for
contrition to themselves.

Thankfully (and perhaps surprisingly), only a
few Tremere take the opposite path and decide that
since their souls are damned anyway, they might as
well consort with demons to gain power more
quickly and easily. But those few present a substan-
tial danger to the clan; not only a moral one but
also a political one. Most Tremere are ambitious
and attracted to mysteries — that's exactly why

they were chosen — and demonolaters often pos-
sess thaumaturgical skills far beyond the usual
expectations for their age. When other Tremere
see such mastery, they tend to seek it out for
themselves. More than once, a Tremere infernalist
has gathered a group of would-be initiates who take
his orders, hoping to gain his tutelag

, without ever
knowing the truth about whom he serves. Such
affairs can go on for years before the Seven discover
them. After all, one thing wizards truly excel at is
keeping secrets



HAPTER TWO:
PLAYING.ChE
LOW CLANS

"Fi and then do

t say to yourself what you would be

what you have to do."

— Epree

The Low Clans. The fallen. Serpents. Animals. Lepers. Char-
latans. Usurpers. The Cainites would have their brethren believe
that their caste distinctions, high and low, are not meant to be
judgmental, that they merely define a place in society without
maintaining the superiority of one over the other. Their terminol-
ogy and their attitudes, however, belie such cosmopolitan claims.
In truth, Cainites of the High Clans do look down upon their
Ian brethren, seeing them as inferior, relegating them to
second-class status. The fallen dwell in common, poor and dirty
havens, and hold sovereignty over only squalid domains. They are
lowborn, common. Subordinate.

Low

For much of the Long Night, many of the Low Clans accepted
this stigma as truth. They rarely participated in the machinations
of Cainite government and nobility, rarely held positions of
authority or respect. Because they wielded little power, they
allowed themselves to be convinced that they should wield little

power. Low Clan princes were rare as hen's teeth, and those who

did exist were held up not as models, but as aberrations.


Change comes slowly to the static Cainites, but the
burning winds of change have swept away the Long
Night and ignited the War of Princes. For the first time
in centuries and more, an awareness of their own power
is creeping through the ranks of the Low Clans, turning
apathy into desire, fear into determination.

The War of Princes isa turbulent, dangerous time
to be a Cainite, even more so to be one of the fallen.
Many will not survive the coming inferno, and many
more will shrink from it, drawing back into their
havens to ride out the storm. For those with the
courage to seize the moment, however, the time has
come to change the world — and, perhaps even more
difficult, to change themselves.

The Great Divide

In any oppressed or downtrodden population, a
lops. When a
people are constantly made to feel inferior, human

and Cainite

severe dichotomy invariably de

nature often forces them towards
one or the other of two diametrically opposed
Some grow defiant, angered by their
persecution at the hands of others. Many of these

extremes.

individuals seek to prove that they are just as
skilled, just as intelligent, just as worthy as any of
their oppressors. They become part of the system,
attempting to gain what power and influence they
can gather, determined to equal or exceed the
accomplishments of those who ave kept them
down. Others take their defiance outside the sys-
tem, their anger causing them to rebel — often
violently against the forces oppressing them.
They have no interest in proving anything to those
who are a part of the system; rather, they seek to
destroy the system itself.

On the other side of the issue lie those who grow
not defiant, but subservient. Many seek only to pacify
their oppressors by making them happy, serving them
to the best of their abilities. This is the slave who
willingly, coanerates with bis. master, exen. ta 4

extent of turning against his fellows, or the peasant
who grovels before his iron-fisted liege so as to turn
aside his lord's anger. In many cases, these individuals

try to hide, or at least downplay, their true natures. If
they can avoid appearing or acting like a commoner,
a pagan, a Jew or whatever the oppressed population
happens to be, they can turn aside the hatred of those
around them. Many even turn against their own
people, hoping that a display of hatred against the
downtrodden will make others forget that they, them-
selves, come from the same stock.

Others seek to hide completely rather than to
serve, hoping simply to avoid the entire situation.
They fear the wrath and the power of their oppressors,
but believe they can avoid harm if they simply drawno
attention to themselves at all.

The

chotomy. They contain inside themselves a human—

Cainites are inherently creatures of di-

or at least sentient — personality, but also a mindless,
ravening beast. They are lone predators incapable of
trust, yet they gather in coteries and form comple
political societies that force them, again and again,
into proximity and conflict with one another.

It should come, then, as little surprise that the
Cainites of the Low Clans have instinctively seized on
the dichotomy described above when it comes to
interacting with their High Clan brethren. Some defy
their "lesser" status, seeking to obtain positions of
power and influence within Cainite society, or mak
ing every effort to destroy that society and replace it
with something new. Others accept their position as
the oppressed caste, seeking either to curry favor
through excellent service and toadying, or attempt to
hide away from all of Cainite society, separating
themselves from the mechanism that oppresses them,

Obviously, no generalization, no examination of
tendencies and personalities can apply to every Low
Clan Cainite. Because the overwhelming majority of
fallen vampires tend, to a greater or lesser extent,
toward one of these two extremes, this chapter dis
cusses the Low Clans largely from the perspective of
this dichotomy.

It's rather unlikely you'd ever think, "Hmm, I
wonder where this character falls on the spectrum of
attitudes toward Cainite society" during character
creation. In fact, unless you've a very solid grasp from
the beginning of exactly who you want your character
to be and how you want her to develop, you're better
off not deciding from the start precisely how your
character fits into the Low Clan dichotomy. Instead,
use the goals you've established for your character to

Cttutes, Tatner ‘than tne other way
around. For instance, decide that your character wishes
to play the political game despite the disapproval of
the High Clans, and that she wants to become a
prince. Or decide that she's intere:
ing the attention of those above her station, and

ted only in avoid:

spends most of her time cowering away from risk
rather than embracing opportunities. Once you've
chosen specific goals and personality traits for the
character, it becomes easy enough to use those to
determine on which side of the divide she's more

likely to fall.


G ome Low Clan Cainites neither defy nor

SY)

‘capitulate to the attitudes of Cainite Soci-
ety. Some individuals truly don't care what others
think of them. Particularly among those Cainites
whocome from other cultures, such asthe Assamites
orthe Setites, some strong-willed individuals refuse
toallow themselves to be defined by some arbitrary
division between "high" and "low."

One might initially expect a substantial num-

tof Cainites to fall into this category — especially
considering how stubborn players can be. The truth
is, however, that remaining aloof and uninfluenced
by the expectations of one's fellow Cainites is far
more difficult than it initially appears.

Suppose, for instance, that you're portraying a
Nosferatu dwelling within the territories governed
by the Ventrue Lord Jiirgen. You might begin play
having decided that Gustav, your character, couldn't
care less what society thinks of him. He has no
interest in ruling his own domain or making himself
useful to the local prince orelders, butneither doeshe
plan to kowtow to them or hide himself away. He's
going to do what he wants to do, and damn them all!

It's not that simple. After all, they expect him
to behave in a certain manner, even if he doesn't
wish to. By flouting their expe
their ire and begins to develop enemies. You may
(correctly) see Gustav as simply being true to his

ations, he raises

own nature, but they see him as arrogant, an
upstart who refuses to acknowledge his place.
Slowly, as their enmity grows, he may well find
himself forced to make efforts to avoid them, or
doing favors for them to mitigate theit anger —
and suddenly, he's firmly ensconced in the "sub-
servient" camp despite his best efforts.

It happens to almost everyone, eventually.
The Assamite newly arrived from the Holy Land
may not care what these barbarian Cainites think
of her at first. Eventually, however, their conde-
scension will almost certainly drive her either to
return home, or to strike back against those who
insult her. The Followers of Set claim that all
other Cainites are inferior to them, and they
certainly don't care what lesser vampires think —
yet what, really, are their attempts at favor-mon-
gering and corruption, if not a means of defiance
and proving their superiority?

Inthe end, barring truly unusual circumstance:
most Low Clan Cainites do gravitate either towards
defiance or subservience to the High Clans and to
Cainite society as a unit. Society itself allows them
precious few alternatives.

Also, never assume that all of a character's deci-
treme or the other
Except for fanatics to a cause, nobody's behavior is
character who normally acts
very servile to her social superiors may act against

sions must lean toward one e
entirely consistent. /

and even
the most die-hard insurgent trying to bring the system

them if their behavior crosses a certain line,

lown would be well advised to go underground and
hide if he garners too much attention. Even after
you've decided where your character's attitudes and
sympathies lie, use that knowledge as, at most, a
guideline, never a concrete rule

Attitudes of the Low Clans

In recent nights, as the V
encompasses more and more domains, the atti

ar of the Princes

tudes of the Low Clans have begun to shift. Even
among those clans who normally lean towards
more subservient than defiant behavior, the fallen
are developing a growing awareness that they are
. As old

princes fall and new ones rise to take their place,

not as powerless as they once believe
the Low Clans see opportunities for power they've
never seen before. They see, too, that the first

cursed aren't nearly so all-powerful as they would
have the fallen believe. As such, the balance be-
tween defiant and subservient Low Clan Cainites

which, until recently, was weighted more to:
ward the subservient sic has shifted. Cainites
who would once have never even considered at-
tempting to grab a share of the High Clans' power
are now plotting their own advancement. To date,
this rise in ambition among the Low Clans has
spread slowly, but it's only a matter of time before
the vast majority of fallen are exposed to the idea
If enough of them fasten to it, if a sufficient
number of Low Clan Cainites decide that they're
entitled to a share of the power previously held by
the first cursed, then all of Cainite society may be
looking at an upheaval the likes of which hasn't
been seen since the Second City.

As with all other blanket statements about the
various clans, what follows are generalities only. Every
Cainite is an individual, and while a majority of a
specific clan may feel this way, that in no way means
that all must do so. These are suggestions and tenden
cies, nothing more. This section addresses Low Clan
attitudes purely in terms of the dichotomy discussed
above. For more on the ambitions, objectives and
more general attitudes of typical fallen Cainites, see
Goals and Ambitions (p. 100

LAYING THETOW CG!

=PL


Assamites
If any one clan can be said to make a
concerted effort to stay out of the morass that

is Cainite society as a whole, it's the Assamites
Outsiders and foreigners to Western Europe

and other Cainite strongholds, they have less of

a vested interest in determining their place in the
Cainite order. That said, those Assamites who dwell
among Western Cainites for any length of time invari-
ably find themselves as caught up in the informal caste
system as anyoné else: Many Assamites rake pains to
hide their activities from those around them, but thisis
less a response to the pressures of Cainite society than
because they're often engaged in activities that would
land them all sorts of trouble. if they were discovered.
When cifcumstances don't force them into. hiding,
Assamites tend to lean toward defiance when inter
acting with Cainite leaders and the High Clans
Many attempt to destroy Western Cainite society
from the outside, or at least offer their services to
others who are doing so. Only a very few attempt
) to master the system from within, and they usually
operate in regions with both a heavy Assamite
and High Clan presence, such as Turke
Very few Assamites truly make themselves subser

or Iberia,

vient to the Cainite powers that be, although some
may behave that way if the pay is right, or for
purposes of their own

Followers of Get
The Serpents would have the rest of the clans
believe that they, like the Assamites, are removed
from Cainite society, that they could hardly care
what princes and lords think of them..The truth,
however, is that the Setites are simply far too

f\. deeply enmeshed in that society to truly, remain
aloof. For all their expressed hatred of other
Cainites, few Setites take it upon themselves to
violently oppose the system as it stands (although

those who do can be: frighteningly' effective).
Many Setites attempt to proye themselves supe-

rior to Cainites in power and the High Clans through
their careful use of favor-trading, bribery and addiction-
mongering. The truth, however, is that while most
Setites would never admit to it, a large number of them
go out of their way to make themselves useful or even
indispensable to the elders around them. They claim,
of course, that they're using their-talentsto cor
trupt the-other Cainites, but-in-many cases an

element of fear is also involved. The Setites know
that they are widely hated by the other clans, and

da
if

So}
le:

th
go
Is,
mm
tel
ne
mi

ck
ot

vi
M
th
th
se)
to


a Setite who isn't useful to someone is in grave
danger purely by virtue of her pedigree. Thus, even
if they themselves will not acknowledge the rea-
sons, a large number of Serpents find themselves
leaning toward subservient behavior.

Gangrel

Mentioning to the Gangrel that they lean toward
the submissive side of the equation is unwise — it's a
good way to wind up badly mauled, in fact. The truth
is, however, that most.of the Animals deal with the
inequalities and injustices of Cainite society by at-
tempting to hide from them. Many Gangrel use their
nomadic leanings as-a-means of avoiding entangle:
mentswith, and the attentions ofthe princesand the
High Clans; and the clanyfor the most part, seems to
haye little interest in working to.change the system.
Even those whosdwell within larger domains often
attempt to remain inconspicuous. Those who do not
often wind up serving the prince or other elders as
soldiers, enforcers and bodyguards. A sizable minority
of Gangrel do exist, however, who have gone outside
society and.act against it whenever possible. Only a
yerysmall number of Animals have, to date, made any
tealattempt at improying their lot by-gaining power
Within the system, although a few select regions do
laim Gangrel in positions of leadership, if not as
actual princes. This is particularly true in Scandinavia,
as evidenced by powerful Gangrel such as Tengael

and the Wotanist Werter

c

Malkavians

For rather obvious reasons, it's nigh impossible to
ssify the Malkavians~as leaning one way or the
other, either orncthis or'any other issue. Amongst the
Madmen, as many different attitudes exist as indi-
Vidual Cainites— possibly even more. Some
Malkavians prefer to hide away from the attentions of
the High Clans, even if they don't recognize what it is
they're hiding from, Others make themselves useful,
serving as oracles or advisors.to those princes willing
to keep them around. Angrier and more violent
Malkavians also become Autarkis, seeking not merely
toavoid the system but to bring it down in flames. And
asurprising number of Malkavians, especially in re-
cent years, are trying their hands at Cainite politics.
They have, in fact, beenfrighteningly successful — at
least, those of them capable of more or less stable

cl

functioning — precisely becatise other Cainites tend
not to view a Malkavian.as‘a viable political threat
until it's too late. Their teputation for insanity — and

FS =

for causing insanity — has proven a weapon in the

hands of those who know how to use it.

Nosferatu

The Tradition of Silence requires the Lepers to hide
themselves away from the rest of the world even under
the best of circumstances, so itshould come asno surprise
that a substantial portion of the clan chooses this same
technique as a means of escaping the oppression of the
first cursed. So longas thé prince remains unaware of the
Nosferatu presence, she can do little in the way of
ordering them about, banning them from hunting their
own territories, or generally making their unlives miser-
able. Only a very few Nosfe offering
their abilities to those in power for no reward save the
ability to distance themselves from their own people, as
the sense of community among the Lepers is quite
strong. For all their suffering, it's also.a rare Nosferatu
who abandons Cainite society entirely andturns revolu-

‘atu become servi

tionary, although such numbers are growing as the War
of Princes expands. No, as startling a8 the notion is to
many. outside the clan, a sizable number of Nosferatu
make every attempt to improve their lot within Cainite

society through politics and feudal offices, d

spite the
atu carry within
them aynobility equal to any Ventrue; and, especially
now, as the War of Princes provides hard evidence that
anyone with sufficient ability can rule, the Lepers refuse

heavy oddsagainst success. Many Nosfe

to be kept down any longer. Many of these Nosferatu
appear servile and sycophantic to Outsiders, as they use
their abilities in stealth and secrecy to gather informa-
tion for one political faction or another. They do this,
however, not as a service to others, but as a means of
amassing favors and influence of their own. More re-
gions tonight claim Nosferatu in positions of authority
than even mere decades ago, and the Lepers show no
signs of ceasing their efforts any time soon.

Ravnos

one of the Low Clans are particularly well
accepted in Cainite society, but if any one bloodline

can be said to be "most" oppressed, surely the Charlz

tans must at least be a'strong candidate. Although
they stand out less than the Nosferatu and aren't as
actively despised as the Setites, at least those other
clans have a reputation for making themselves useful
under the proper circumstances. Most other Cainites
see the Ravnos as nothing more than annoying gnats,
to be squashed whenever possible. Even if the Ravnos
prefer to remain aloof from Cainite society, uninter-
ested in either defiance or subservience, society itself


rarely provides them that option. The Ravnos most
frequently avoid the ire of the High Clans by hiding
from them, although this isn't "hiding" in the manner
most consider it. The Charlatans are flamboyant, after
all. Their nomadic natures, however, make them very
difficult to find once they've moved on fromadomain,
and that's just how they like it. Those Ravnos who
grow angry enough occasionally strike back at the
society that has. spurned them, operating outside
Cainite laws and disrupting the smooth governing of
a domain. Ravnos who attempt to deflect the con-
tempt of the first cursed through toadying or service,
or who actually attempt to advance their cause politi-
cally or to obtain hi

status, are so rare that many
Cainites consider the very idea an impossibility.

Tremere

The Usurpers hold a unique position in Cainite
society. The other Low Clans may not particularly
like their positions within the lower caste, and many
of them are struggling to improve their lot on an
individual level; but they still tend to accept that the
first cursed will always hold most of the power, and

anything they can achieve in the face of that funda-
mental truth is a victory. The Tremere, however,
refuse to accept their assigned status. In their own
minds, they belong among the-highest of the high,
ruling alongside — or even"above — the Lasombra
and the Ventrue: They are held down to- Low Clan
status, notbecause of who or what they are, but'simply
because they arrived late to the ball, and they're far
from happy about it. Also unlike the ther clans, the
Tremere tend to think of advancement with regard to
in; hot merely the individual.(This does
not in any way eliminate personal ambition from the
equation, of course.) Thus, while an individual Usurper
may hide his presence from a local prince for various
reasons, it is almost never acceptable forthe Tremere
to hide away from Cainite society.and the political or
social arenas in the long term. Equally, the clan elders

the entire c

frown on any Tremere attempting to bring down the
Cainite feudal or political sytem — they are, after all,
attempting to prove themselves worthy of the High
Slans—although opposition to specific princes, lords
or entire clans is perfectly acceptable. The over-
whelming majority of Tremere either compete against
High Clan Cainites for positions of power, or serve
those same first cursed as a means of proving their skill
and reliability. This would seem to indicate a fairly
even split between defiance and subservience, but
because even those who serve are doing so as a means
of obtaining power, rather than avoiding persecution,

the clan tendencies are heavily weighted towards
ambitious defiance

Unlife Amongst
the Fallen

As with any caste system, the attitudes and cir
cumstances that keep the fallen on the lower end of
Cainite society form a nigh inescapable cycle. The
Low Clans did nothing, initially, to bring upon them
selves the stigma under which they now suffer. Their
place as the fallen was, at least in part, an arbitrary
distinction decided by those who happened to hold
power at the time. Tonight, of course, the High Clans
justify their dismissal or oppression of the Low as
deserved, something the fallen bring about them-
selves by their coarse ways, the absence of tradition
and ritual, and their lack of skill and experience in
governing. Yet those very deficiencies that are used to
justify the low-blooded's position in society are caused
by their position in society.

© wonder so many of the fallen resent the

High Clans.

If you're to portray a Low Clan character with any
verisimilitude, it's vital that you understand the atti-
tudes, perspectives and night-to-night existence of
these unfortunate Cainites. The above discussion of
the major dichotomy among the fallen forms a good
foundation, and we'll go back to it again, but it covers
only a single aspect of Low Clan Cainites. It's an
important one, shaping many of their attitudes and
behaviors, but still only one of many

We've said this before, and undoubtedly will
again, but everything that follows represents tenden-
cies, generalities and commonalities, not ironclad
requirements. Your character may fall in line with
some, all or none of these stereotypes. That said,
they've become stereotypes for a reason, and the vast
majority of Low Clan Cainites fit these archetypes to
one extent or another. If your character is an excep-
tion, you should at least have a valid reason other than
a desire to flaunt the system.

Learning the Ways of
the Night

How much should a starting character know about
the world around her? Certainly, she's familiar with the
way the mortal world works — in the area around her, at
the least — but what about Cainites? Does she know


about the War of Princes? The High and Low Clan
divide? The Amaranth? Caine? The other unnatural
Creatures with whom Cainites must share the night?

The answer is, of course, "maybe."

Where the first cursed pride themselves on their
knowledge of history — because, the fallen mutter, it
allows them to feel as though they're part of it — the
Low Clans tend to focus on more practical concerns
when they bother to educate their childer at all. Some
Neonates are left alone completely, forced to learn
even their most basic abilities and needs through trial
and error. Those who survive rarely manage to fit
themselves into Cainite society at a later time, for
their rough existence has left them ill-equipped to
adapt to the subtle and always political dance of the
High Clans. They know only what they've managed
tolearn on their own, and nothing about the history
that brought their brethren into the War of Princes.

Only some Gangrel practice this technique with
any frequency, though, and most fallen educate their
childer on the basics required for survival. Nosferatu,
Raynos, some Gangrel and even many Malkavians
speak of the myths of Caine, the general state of
Cainite society and the dangers that lurk in the night.
They learn to avoid the wilds, where werewolves, fae
and other, stranger beasts lurk. They learn of the
distinction between High Clans and Low — not with
theintent that they believe themselves inferior, though
many do just that, but so that they can avoid offending
those in power. They learn the tale of Caine, for many
of the fallen cling to religion as their last hope of
salvation. They rarely, however, learn anything more.
In the nightly struggle for survival, no time e»
lessons in history, or in-depth analysis of the various
factions in the War of Princes. So long as they know
enough to keep out of trouble, the rest of the world
may tend to itself.

sts for

Certainly, exceptions exist. Some Nosferatu,
Malkavians and others possess an in-depth knowledge
of Cainite history, religion and society, enough to
make even the most well educated Toreador take
notice. Most, however, through no fault of their own,
merely promulgate the stereotype of the ignorant
fallen. For their own part, the High Clans mock the
ignorance of the Low, ensuring that their unlives are
harsh and that they've no time or impetus to educate
themselves. This is not merely arrogance, although
that certainly enters into it, but also strategy. For so
long as the Low Clans remain ignorant of where they
come from and what happens around them, they pose
no threat.

The Assamites, Setites and Tremere handle things
rather differently. The first two clans, who hail from
territories where they are far from "Low," take as much
pride in their history and heritage as any of the first
cursed, and their faith is a paramount factor in their
existence. Most of these Cainites are taught a far more
detailed history, and receive a far broader view of
Cainite society, than the other Low Clans. An
Assamite knows not only of Caine, but of Haqim and
the other Antediluvians. He likely knows the history
of his clan, and the history of all Cainites —at least to
the extent that his clan was involved. He knows who
holds power over the territory in which he dwells, and
who seeks to take that power away. Setites are indoc-
trinated in the ways of Set, learning that he was a god
before he became a vampire. They learn the nature of
the other clans, High and Low, the better to ensnare
them. Both clans learn to take pride in their heritage,
and wear it like armor against the barbs and disdain of
the first cursed.

As for the Tremere, they practically drown their
neonates in information — Cainite history, politics,
the nature of the supernatural and whatever else the
Usurpers think might aid their childer. Yes, this often
gives them an advantage in surviving the real world,
and yes, this instills pride in the clan, who managed on
their own to wrest the secret of immortality from those
who were less worthy. The primary purpose, however,
is to make the Tremere as much like the first cursed as
they can be, for the Usurpers constantly seek to win
entry into those exalted ranks.

Quality of Unlife

Due to the station from which most of the Low

Clansare chosen for the Embrace, the vast majority of

them are neither accustomed to, nor initially

pect
to attain, a particularly high standard of comfort or
tiches. A majority, though not an overwhelming one,
of fallen Cainites are either nomadic or poor. They
take shelter where they can find it, or maintain havens
such as subterranean sewers, ramshackle huts, aban-
doned monasteries and other dwellings the likes of
which the noble-born and the noble-Embraced alike
would hardly deign to enter, let alone own. Most Low
Clan Cainites possess few riches, existing in filth and
squalor not unlike the peasants and commoners on
whom they prey.

The abilities and powers available to all Cainites
provide a path to privilege, if not actual power, to
those wise enough to make effective use of them. They
do not guarantee success, or even an easy time of it, but


vampires with both wisdom and patience can make
use of their advantages to amass wealth in ways no
mortal could ever attempt. Many Low Clan neonates
and ancillae do just that, slowly but steadily accumu-
lating advantages in death that they could never hope
for in life. Because they come from a life of want, and
for the first time see before them an opportunity for
advancement, these fallen Cainites can become the
most avaricious, envious and ambitious of all vam-
pires, so much so that even the most power-hungry
Lasombra pales in comparison

Perhaps surprisingly, however, a great number of
fallen don't attempt to enrich themselves, either
through their new powers or in any other meaningful

y- It seems like a blatant contradiction of the

ambitious, predatory nature of Cainites, but many
among the Low Clans prove unable to shake the
clinging grasp of the feudal or caste systems in which
they were born. A peasant in the French countryside
ora villager in the Carpathian Mountain region lives
his entire life with the expectation that he will die
poor. Wealth? Power? Comfort? These are the privi-
leges of the nobility, of those born to a higher status

than they. To such people, the very notion of seeking
such things isa fantasy, no more realistic or obtainable
a goal than if they decided to leap from a cliff to

develop the power of flight

Why, then, should they assume that things have
changed just because they themselves are no longer
quite as they once were? Perhaps among the High
Clans, whose members enjoy far more prestige in
Cainite society, a former peasant can shake the notion
that he is still the lowest of the low. For the fallen,
however, the Embrace often represents little more
than a transition from the lowest of the living to the
lowest of the unliving. They have passed from one
system in which advancement is forbidden them into
another with the same restrictions. This perception,
whether or not it is accurate, is often enough to quash
the ambitions of Low Clan and low born Cainites.
They never reach for more than they have, not be-
cause they have deliberately decided against such
efforts, but because the very notion never even oc-
curred to them.

Obviously, exceptions to this exist, and are not
even as rare as some of the High Clans would believe
(or have others believe). Numerous Assamites repre-
sent merchants and even royalty, come from the Holy
Land to experience the culture of Christendom. The
Tremere prefer to Embrace the well educated, and
that normally means either the nobility or the priest-
hood. The Nosferatu are known to draw anyone who

might be useful to the community, or whom they feel
must be taught a lesson in humility, into their midst
Malkavians, of course, sire for their own inscrutable
purposes. Every Low Clan can point to numeroil
Cainites from their ranks and say, "There, yousee? We
claim nobility, elegance, royalty, privilege, just as the
Toreador and the Tzimisce! We claim knowledge and.
art, just as the Cappadocians and the Toreador! We
are no less than they!"

While some of these Low Clan Cainites may
begin their unlives with substantially more prestige
and wealth than their average brethren, they often
find it very difficult to keep it. Once again, the sheet
weight of the expectations undead society has of Low

Clan vampires often forces them to conform to those
expectations. Some Cainites maintain that status if
Cainite society comes entirely from the Embrace,
with no consideration granted to what position oné
held as a mortal. (Of course, this isn't always entirely
true; see the Cultural Conflicts, p. 119) In most casey
the Cainites who espouse this tradition intend it asa
positive thing, to explain why peasants or craftsmen
Embraced by the High Clans are no less than theif
noble-born brethren. The system works in reverst)
however, when it comes to the fallen, for it takes even
the highest-born Embraced into the Low Clans and
forces them to the lowest rungs of society.

Formerly noble fallen often have a harder time
adjusting to unlife than their more common brethren
At least a peasant who is now also Malkavian i§
accustomed to being pushed around and stepped on by
his betters. For a former noble, the sudden loss of the
respect and deference she feels she deserves can be
maddening. She grows angry, bitter and resentful)
Because she is unable or unwilling to accept her new
status, she finds it harder to fit into Cainite society
and this, ironically, makes it even less likely that shg
will prove one of the few fortunate fallen who manages
to advance her position.

That said, because these former nobles are oftet
soanxious and ambitious to regain what they have last
—and often have the political and social skills to di

so, if they can calm down long enough to figure otf
how to work the system rather than railing againstit |
the Tremere very much prefer these candidates
Because their ambitions match the clan's own, they
Among the othet
Low Clans, however, these individuals more often

are easily shaped into a useful force.

than not fade into misery and obscurity in short ordef

Although position and prestige are the first, most |
common and most severe losses for those noble
Embraced into the Low Clans, these unfortunate

ofi
we
ob
En
wi
lik
lar
an
an
sta
wit
det
the
the
oth
wh,
wee
van
goi}
seel
gro)
sery
syst
ing
arel
syst
onh
fron
reb¢

unli
con
find
doe:
coul
you'
terr
ace
the«
bega
bein

Ha
ofter
dete:
of Le
com]
such
such
bene
in th


Often find themselves losing more tangible assets as
Well. Consider, for instance, a Nosferatu who has
Obtained little or no status in Cainite society, but was
Embraced from the upper classes and entered unlife
With substantial properties and riches. She may very
likely find that the other Cainites around her, particu-
larly among the High Clans but even, to an extent,
among the fallen as well, treat her as either a joke or
an upstart, someone who seeks to rise above her
Station without truly possessing the ability to fit in
with her betters. Some Low Clan Cainites are confi-
dent or strong-willed enough that this doesn't bother
them — for a time — but invariably, most find
themselves once more leaning towards one side or the

other of the dichotomy addressed earlier. Cainites
who seek to hide, to avoid notice, often stash their
wealth away or even get rid of it, knowing that any
Vampire with riches but little prestige is constantly
Qoing to attract the attentions of other Cainites who
seek to use her, or her wealth, as a tool. Those who
grow subservient often spend all their wealth in the
service of others, and those who seek to beat the
system spend it in their attempts to acquire the stand-
ing to face off against local elders in the political
arena. Finally, those who grow so angered by the
system that they seek to destroy it often find that their
only effective way of doing so is by using the wealth
from their mortal days to support and supply other
tebels with more martial skills.

In short, the majority of fallen Cainites begin
unlife in, if not poverty, at least relative want as
compared to the first cursed; those who do not tend to
find themselves at that same level in short order. This
doesn't mean that your character must be poor, of
Course, but if he's the exception to this rule, make sure
you've decided why. Also, unless there's good charac-
ferreason not to, you should likely incorporate either
certain amount of resignation or indignation into
the chara
began poor or feels that his rights and his wealth are
being stripped from him.

cter's personality, depending on whether he

Havens

A character's wealth and status — or, as is more
Often the case with the Low Clans, the lack thereof
determine the sort of home he can maintain. A majority
of Low Clan Cainites keep havens that are, at least in
comparison to the High Clans, relatively poor. Some,
such as many Nosferatu, prefer underground chambers
but
beneath old ruins; sewers are becoming popular havens
in those few cities that keep and maintain them. Other

such as the crypts beneath churches and rooms dt

fallen prefer ramshackle houses, abandoned monaster-
ies, the cellars of shops or taverns, caves or other shelter
outin the wild, covered wagons, rundown crypts, heavily
shadowed alleys or just about anything else they can
manage. Those who have insufficient money or influ-
ence to acquire better obviously have no choice, but
even may fallen who do possess unusual wealth, or know
which strings to pull, still prefer to exist like their poorer
brethren, simply so they'll not attract the attention of
those who will undoubtedly accuse them of trying to rise
above their station.

Again, exceptions numerous ones — exist.
Many of the Low Clans who possess wealth enough or
connections enough to obtain better havens do so.
They may dwell in large homes or estates, in sprawling
family mausoleums, perhaps even in their own ances-
tral castle if they happen to be of the nobility. This
invariably draws the ire of many High Clan Cainites
of the region, but some of the fallen are willing to deal
with such annoyances if it enables to them to dwell in
the manner to which they are accustomed (or have
always aspired).

Social and Environmental Concerns

Certain hazards of the Dark Medieval afflict the
poor and downtrodden to a far greater extent than the
privileged classes, and this means, almost by default,
that they impact the Low Clans far more often than
they do the High. Obviously, if your character is one
of the fortunate fallen who dwells among the nobility
or the priesthood, or who possesses sufficient riches to
make her haven in the wealthy part of town, these
rarely apply to her. To those Low Clan Cainites who
dwell in poverty and filth, or who lurk on the fringes
of society like outcasts, the following issues can prove
disruptive or even dangerous. When creating and
playing your character, keep these issues in mind.
Deciding how (or if) your character faces these prob-
lems — or how he reacts to others who must deal with
them, if he himself need not — can give you a solid
handle on his personality.

Hunger

This doesn't refer to a Cainite's inability to find
vitae — that's covered below — but rather to the
repercussions of dwelling ina region where most of the
kine are going hungry. Most Cainites hardly consider
this to bea problem. Afterall, blood is blood, and what
do they care if the mortals are comfortable or uncom-
fortable, well-fed or starving?

Farsighted vampires recognize this as a real dan-
ger, however. A weakened human population almost
invariably leads to a lessened food source for Cainites.


P eople weakened by hunger cannot as easily survive
the Kiss, and those who do survive take far longer to
recover. Some Cainites may be careless in their habits,
allowing the kine some inkling that a monster lurks in
their midst; but leaving behind a trail of bodies in
one's home territory is almost guaranteed to raise the
ire of the populace and draw down the wrath of either
other Cainites or the Inquisition.

Another danger of starvation among the kine is
that it inspires those mortals who are capable of doing
so to leave, in an attempt to find greener pastures
elsewhere. Many people cannot simply up and move
on, of course. Some are too weak or too poor to travel,
others may be slaves or otherwise not permitted to
‘at number of people simply refuse to
abandon a shop or a home their families have owned
for generations. Still, many of those who can leave will
do so, further diminishing the healthy population
available for Cainite feeding.

leave, and a gre

Finally, regions in which hunger and starvation
are prevalent among the kine are far more likely to
suffer the ravages of disease (see below)
ravaged ar-
eas begin using what abilities and resources they have
(ifany) to aid the people around them. More than one
village has awoken one winter morn to find several
game animals lying dead in the center of town, or have
received wagonloads of grain from nearby cities de-

Many Cainites who dwell in famine-r

spite the fact that nobody in the village arranged for,
or could have afforded, such a shipment. This isn't
altruism on the part of the Cainite responsib
course; she's merely protecting her herd. Still, some
rare and exceptional vampires develop a taste for the
people's gratitude (or worship), and begin to take
their role as village guardian to heart.

, of

Disease and Plague
As with hunger, many vampires believe pl

gue to
be entirely a problem for the kine, unworthy of their
attentions save as a curiosity. Nothing could be fur-
ther from the truth

believe themselves im-

Cainites, by and large,
mune to disease. In the vast majority of instances,
they're absolutely correct, and those plagues that
ravage the human body prove absolutely harmless to
the unliving. Occasionally, they're wrong. Rare dis-
eases are quite capable of affecting Cainites as well as
kine, whether sent by some mystic or supernatural
source or simply the result of a natural but hideous
development. Very few prove fatal — the unliving
are, after all, notoriously hard to kill — but these
plagues can be crippling, stripping away a Cainite's
strength, his stamina, even his ability to digest blood.

Jz A SE <_

Because Cainites have no natural ability to fight off
diseases, recovery from one of these rare plagues
requires a great deal of time, and an enormous expen
diture of vitae. Those infected who can afford neither
often wind up in torpor for decades or even centuries:

Even mundane plagues that cannot directly infect
Cainites still pose a substantial threat. A swiftly spread
ingdisease can completely decimate the kine population
of a given region, thus shrinking or even destroying a
Cainite's food source. Worse still, while vampires may
not be susceptible to most diseases, they're more than
capable of spreading them as they travel from victim to
victim, causing even more damage

Rumors of plague are often more than sufficientt0
keep commerce and travelers away from a town oF
region, which can prove almost as devastating eco
nomically as the disease itself proves physically. Entire
populations, Cainites included, may lose all contact
with the outside world. This causes shortages of varie
ous types of supplies, to say nothing of the lack of news,

and information, something almost as vital to many
Cainites as vitae itself. Should things grow truly awful,
Cainites might find themselves trapped behind a
nobility-imposed quarantine as frightened dukes and
princes forbid any travel into or out of the afflicted
area. In the most extreme cases, entire villages maybe
burned to prevent the spread of the illness, leaving
local Cainites the unenviable option of remaining
and burning to death, or attempting to flee the firesby
braving the sunlight.

It's also worth noting that many Cainites attach
a social stigma to their brethren who come from
disease-infested domains. This attitude is more com
monamong the High
their perceptions of the fallen as squalor-dwelling
inferiors who foul their own nests, but even Low Clan
inites from healthier (or cleaner) regions look
down on their own brethren who cannot even manage

ans than the Low, reinforcing

to find a sanitary place to dwell.

Cainites from disease-ridden areas often tend @
be unpleasant, dirty or despondent, as though thé
plague that could not consume their bodies has ite
stead ravaged their souls. The constant exposure t@
slow and lingering death and suffering is enough to
taint all but the coldest and most unfeeling Cainite,
no matter how contemptuous of the kine he may be
Add to this other Cainites' disdain for those who
would dwell in such a hideous environment, and the
looming knowledge that they may carry the diseas¢
within them for the rest of eternity, and many Cainités
from these regions become bitter, resentful creature

Starvation

wis ys

VERS GUIDE TO.


It'sodd to think of predators like the Cainites ever
being forced to go hungry, but the truth is that some
vampires of the Dark Medieval do face the very real
threat of starvation from time to time. What's less
surprising is that the Low Clans must face this problem
far more frequently than the first cursed.

The risk of ste

combination of poverty

rvation comes about through a
which, while neither unique
to nor ubiquitous within the Low Clans, is far more
fampant among the fallen than their "higher" coun-
terparts — and the style of unlife many fallen choose
for themselves. It's true that hunting may actually be
éasier in poorer towns or neighborhoods, as the rich
are better protected, dwell in better lit and better
guarded homesand normally have less reason to be out
after dark, trying to squeeze in just a little more work
toearna little more coin. Poorer kine are, however, far

more susceptible to the twin specters of hunger and
disease, as mentioned above, and when the kine grow
lessnumerous and less healthy, the Cainites go hungry
as well.

Compounding the problem is the tendency of
several of the Low Clans — the Gangrel, Nosferatu
and Ravnos specifically — to keep their distance from
mortal society. The Gangrel and some Ravnos often
choose a nomadic existence, while other Ravnos have

\

such an existence thrust upon them. Nosferatu more
frequently dwell within the kine population, but al-
ways as outsiders even within a crowd. It's not entirely
sainites of these three clans to find
themselves in places where kine are hard to come by.

uncommon for

It may be possible for a vampire to survive for a time
onanimal vitae, but it's farfrom a pleasant experience.

Some Cainites who have known substantial hun-
sr become gluttons, feeding at every available
opportunity and taking far more than they require, as
though attempting to make up for lost time. Others
react in the opposite manner, conserving what suste-
nance is available against another night of want like
those they've experienced in the past

Taxes

What? Surely the unliving need not worry about
taxes and tithes! After all, it's not as though the king,
baron, tax collector or what have you keeps a list of
which corpses remain in the ground and which are still
wandering about generating potential income for
crown and country.

Such careless disregard for so mundane a re-
minder of mortal authority has caused the downfall of
more than one Cainite. Not all states or principalities
tax their inhabitants, of course, and many of those


that do so simply claim a percentage of a man's yield
of crops or goods.

If a Low Clan Cainite dwells in a region where
everyone is expected to produce a minimum regular
tax, or if the vampire owns (directly or through mortal
cat's-paws) a business or property, he is just as subject
to taxation as any mortal, no matter how much he may
consider himself above the law

Howsecretive a Cainite is goes a long way towards
determining how subject she is to mortal taxation.
While many nations and regions in the Dark Medi-
eval are haphazardly governed at best, their governors
largely ignorant about the precise makeup and num-
bers of their people, others are far more well-organized
(Witness the Domesday Book, census and property
information collected on all the English populace by
William the Conqueror in AD 1086.) Those Cainites
who dwell in sewers, crypts or caves may be able to
avoid notice even in these highly organized areas, but
anyone who still maintains a house or place of business
will be found and registered. It may be frustrating for
a successful Cainite merchant, craftsman or land-
holder to pay taxes to some kine lord who's little more
than a midnight snack, but the alternative is to draw
the attention of the local authorities, something most
Cainites — particularly those without the political
connections far more common to the High Clans than
the Low — would do well to avoid. A little money is
a small price to pay to avoid a daytime visit by a tax
collector and his armed retinue

en Cainites who do not own
whoown

or keep pawns
registered property or establishments may
not be able to avoid contributing to the local lord's

coffers. While the visiting tax collector has no way of
knowing that your Nosferatu character is dwelling in
the caves near the local cemetery, odds are good that
somebody in town has seen you, even if she doesn't
know that you're anything but a mortal leper keeping
to himself. Many commoners in the Dark Medieval
are more than willing to point out such squatters to
taxmen, in the hopes of earning themselves some sort
of reward — or even for no better reason than they're
frustrated that they have to pay taxes and the squatter
does not

Cainites of the Low Clans who are in a position
where they're forced to pay taxes to mortal lords
usually end up resigned to the situation. Many dislike
the notion, but they acknowledge that the alternative

is far Some, however, actually don't mind

worse
paying the taxes, or at least don't mind it any more
than the average mortal peasant. Theystill hold many
of the attitudes with which they were raised as mor-
tals, and consider taxes as simply one more of the

burdens of their position in society.

A Worb Asout LONERS

,ou'll notice that, as discussed below in

J terms of individual objectives, many
fallen Cainites really desire nothing other than
to be left alone to pursue their own agendas, and
to avoid entanglement in Cainite affairs. The
loner, whether he's a cowering Nosferatu, a gruff
and nomadic Gangrel, a Ravnos constantly on

the run or what have you, is a popular character

concept, and it fits in perfectly with many Low
Clan archetypes.

Ivis very easy, however, to take that concept
too far, and doing so can destroy an entire
chronicle and make life very difficult for the
Storyteller. A character who prefers to be left
alone is fine, but if you play a character who
insists on being left alone and who fights tooth
and nail against any interaction with the other
players or with Storyteller characters, you're not
doing anyone a favor. It's the Storyteller's job to
involve each and every character in the story,
but it's your job, as players, to provide her a
the Story-
teller to come up with new ways every other

means of doing so. If you're forcin

session to force your character to participate, or
if you're spending more time wandering off on
your own than working alongside the coterie,
she's entirely within her rights to finally say,
All rig!
his own thing. If you want to keep playing,
create a new character.

t, your character wanders off and does

Don't take the loner concept too far. Ulti
mately, you won't make anyone happy

Goals and Ambitions

It would be foolish to assume that the goals,
ambitions and priorities a character begins with will
remain unchanged throughout a chronicle. People
evolve (or devolve), their circumstances change, and
something they believed was absolutely vital at one
point may fade completely before other, more impor-
tant objectives in the future. Most Cainites of a given
that
is, after all, where the clan archetypes come from —

Low Clan share a roughly similar starting point

but they invariably grow in different directions, as all
individuals will

That said, the goals and ambitions your character
begins with should go a long way toward shaping both
who he is, and who he becomes over the course of a
chronicle. Since you obviously can't plan for changes

you don't know are coming, don't worry about when
orhow those goals shift; focus on what they are at the
time of character creation, and keep them firmly in
mind as your character's personality and mechanical
attributes evolve.

Because characters do tend to begin play more
similar to one another than they eventually end up, we
tan provide some suggestions and commonalities for
Low Clan character starting points. Many of the goals
andambitions described below tie in with the dichotomy
at least on the
surface — unrelated to how a fallen Cainite reacts to the
pressures of vampiric society. As before, all of these are
suggestions only, and your character need not share all,
orany, of these methods or objectives.

discussed earlier, but many others are

We've also included for suggestions for develop-
ingand advancing your character mechanically as the
chronicle progresses. Obviously, you'll want to focus
most on those Attributes and Abilities of which
you've made the most use, but you're still best served
by keeping your character's personality and goals in
mind when you spend experience. After all, you want
to ensure that your character's growth reflects his
current motivations and objectives

Assamites

Most Western Cainites believe that any Assamite
traveling beyond the borders of the Holy Land must;
bydefinition, be hostile. After all, mostoutsiders view
the Saracens as nothing but a clan of fanati€ warriors
and assassins, so if one appears in your midst, it faust

be because she's preparing something bloody and
violent. Obviously, given the true nature and depth of
soften misleading,
or blatantly false — but not always.A-substantial

the Assamite clan, this stereotype

number of Assamites traveling through Europe or
other regions inhabited by Western Cainites-are in-
deed engaged in assassination, sabotage, espionage or
other covert activities. These Assamites rarely remain
inone place long enoughito develop any specific'goals
beyond the completion of their missions. Alrhough
their purposes are destructive, theit behavior-often
falls nearer the submissive end of the dichotomy
discussed above. They either hide-away-from other
Cainites, hoping their presénce will go unnoticed; or
they make a show of how useful (or at least harmless)
they are, the better to lull their target into a false sense
of security. Many attempt to mask their true natures,
passing as Cainites of other clans oras natives oforher
regions than the Middle East. Some do operate openly,
almost as though daring local lords to stop them,-but
this is rare — especially since many who prove'so

openly defiant never have a chance to try again. Such
characters often have no long-term goals beyond
slaying their target and returning home.

Still, these Assamites make up only a small por-
tion of the clan, even beyond their home borders.
Many Assamites traveling through other domains
seek only to learn about Cainite society, studying the
locals' methods, traditions, even specific Cainites.
Others, particularly the Assamite sorcerers, often seek

specific esoteric or mystical knowledge, huntingdown

arcane tidbits and rituals in hopes of using them — or
simply preventing others from having them. Some
Assamites travel for the same reason mortals travel to
the West from the Holy Land: commerce. TI
otic" goods of the

"ex-

st fetch great prices in European

markets, and the Assamites are no more above turning
a good profit than the next Cainite. Although their
purposes are less objectionable than their more vio-

lent brethren, these Assamites also tend to behave
submissively. They seek to avoid the attention of the
Cainites among whom they dwell, or at least
particularly in the case of the merchants — to prove
themselves harmless. They know that they are within
hostile territory, surrounded by Cainites who most
likely believe that all Assamites are a threat to be
either avoided or eliminated.

Politically minded Assamites exist as well, al-
though-that certainly seems an odd notion to many
EuropeatiCainites. Some dwell within the Holy Land,
others itregions'such as Iberia where both Assamite
and non-Assamite princes.are common, and some
actually attempt to-obtain their own offices or posi-
tions in the West. A few of these last are simpl
ambitious, seeking territories their brethren back home

cannot threaten; but others are actively attempting to
bridge _the-divide between the Assamites and the
other clans) Not all the-Saracens aécept the notion
that other-Cainites must be enemies. They see the
Strengths of the Western clans and recognize the
danger and the futility,of war. These Assamites at-
tempt \to_make ‘their homes in the West, abiding
among thé Children of Caine, even'participating in
all to
fully.
Few.of these Assamites succeed in'acquiring positions
of any import in the West, as they have few
whom to call; but those who do/often prove quite
effective ar advising, governing or whatever task it is
they've taken" upon: themselves. Most of these
Assamites-lean towards the defiant side of the di-
chotomy, but they almost never behave rebelliously,
as‘open violefice is counterproductive to their goals.

politics and holding office when. possible

show the Cainites that they ean interact peac

allies on


In the Middle East, their political rivals are other
Assamites, and open war between clanmates is heavily
frowned upon. In regions such as Iberia, bloodshed
between an Assamite contender and a non-Assamite
prince might well enflame the current hostilities into
a war that would swallow entire nations, one to make
even the War of Princes pale in comparison. And in
the West, those
society know that the use of violence against their

Assamites who seek a place in Cainite

political rivals damages not only their own standing,
but that of their entire clan. Because these Assamites
either claim their own place in Cainite society, serve
a Western Cainite who already holds some level of
authority, or are at least working hard to fit in, they
often prove the easiest of all Assamites to work into a

mixed coterie.

Development

The obvious choice for an Assamite character,
especially a warrior or assassin, is to focus largely on
combat Abilitiessuch as Brawl or Melee, and Disciplines
such as Gelerity and Quietus: The obvious choice,
however, is not always the correct one. Assamite assas-
lon stealth as
well, of course, butvalso on knowledge of cultute and
language. An Assamite incapable of blending into any
environmencis unlikely to get near her intended target,
and one who cannot speak the language of the region in
which she's operating is almost certain to be discovered
or. miss vital information.

sins are best served by focusing a great de:

Cultural-and linguistic knowledge is vital for
other Assamites away from home as well. While an
assassin, may have to remain ina region just long
enough to get a job'done, other Assamités dwell in
foreign lands indefinitely. They must speak the lan-
guage, must master local customs, must learn the
identities of local authorities both Cainite and kine, if
they're to have any hope at all of remaining unnoticed
— or at least of making themselves appear less like
outsiders. Where else you choose to focus your devel-
opment depends largely on why your character dwells
in the area. If knowledge of the local Cainite power
structure is her objective, she'll want to focus on
politics and similar lore, and Social Attributes are
essential for making allies and contacts who can pass
along information. Assamite sorcerers, of course, of-
ten focus on occult- and magic-related Abilities and
Disciplines. They're best served not only improving
their own skills, but also learning as much as they can
about the mystic prowess of others

Politically minded Assamites, especially those far
from home, find that knowledge of the local culture

(ele

and rivals' political acumen is often vital not only for
victory, but for survival. Unlike their assassin compa-
triots, these Assamites haven't the option of hiding, so
they must make themselves appear a natural part of
the system. This doesn't mean hiding their true nature
necessarily, so disguise-related skills and Disciplines
aren't of particular import. Rather, they must focuson
local customs, developing an entire web of contacts,
Any advantage in information
particularly information that can be used
as leverage against local Cainites — is valuable, as are

allies and influence
gathering

Social Attributes in general. An Assamite playing
politics may actually want to avoid focusing on com-
bat-related Abilities and Disciplines, since displaying
such capabilities will only reinforce the notion that
her clan is composed entirely of fanatical killers

Followers of Vet

Like the Assamites, the Serpents have a some-
what unsavory reputation. Unlike the Assamites, the
majority of Setites have, to one extent or another,

st,
through
temptation. They're more than willing to provide any
good or service they can, which makes them useful
enough to havé/around-that-many lords and princes
tolerate their presence — even those who should
know better. They cannot be trusted, however, and
often use the boons, payments and favors acquired in

earned that reputation. Although exceptions
most Setites follow the clan's creed of powe

exchange for their help as leverage over those who
would work against their interests.

Except in their homeland of Egypt, the Setites are
not particularly powerful ina martial sense. They are
vulnerable, because they rarely gather in great numbers
save in their own domains, and because they know full
well that even those who partake of their servies neither
like nor trust them. Thus, asmuch as they dislike, despise
or scoff at the other clans, all but the most fanatic and
belligerent of Serpents lean towards the submissive
extreme. Sometimes they hide their presence from other
Cainites, but because that provides them little opportu-
nity to.make deals ‘and exchange favors, they prefer
instead to make themselves useful to those in power, or
even to those who seek power. Very few take up arms
against Cainite leaders — with one notable exception
being the Setite/Assamite war in Egypt — and even
fewer have any luck obtaining political power in regions
dominated by other clans.

What other Cainites often fail to realize is that
while the Setites may act or appear alike on the
surface, they often have very different motivations for
behaving as they do. Obviously the clan is named for

pees ak ee: Seen


theit founder, the vampire-god Set, and all his chil-
dren ostensibly worship him and work constantly
towards his return.

In truth, only a portion of the clan. albeit a
substantial portion — truly believes in Set-and_his
eventual rebirth. These Setites are religious fanatics, just
as dedicated 'as‘any Christian or Muslim: When. they
destroy a Cainite of another clan, it is a victory fortheir
god. When they foment chaos and dissent, they strikea
blow against the agents of their master's greatest foes.
When they place another Cainite under their thrall,
blackmailing him into. cooperation or manipulating his
Own perversions and addictions like puppet strings; they
have acquired yet another tool to spread the glory of Set.
The faithful are often more selective in their choice of
allies (and pawns) than others of the clan and, all else
being equal, prefer suborning high-blooded Cainites:
While all Cainites are viable tools, they prefer ta con-
centrate their efforts on those who will prove most
useful. These Setites would rather own a single prince
than a handful of commoners
feel the prince is weak, in which case those commoners

unless, of course, they

might be useful in bringing her down. They often behave
in a manner that appears irrational from the outside,
because they may be following the orders of superiors
who have farther-reaching goals than are immediately
apparent. Ifa faithful Setite believes thatanotherCainite
lord or prince is useful where she is — perhaps because
she's easily manipulated, or perhaps because her greatest

tival is an enemy of the Setites — he may serve that lord

with unswerving loyalty, even risking his own unlife for
hers. This makes it seem as though the Serpent has
tumed from the ways of his clan, but in truth it's all done
for the greater good of Set. Many Setites also spend
substantial time searching for occult lore and secrets,
seeking ways to call Set forth from the darkness and
accelerate hisrebirth. This often placestheminthésame
circles and frequently at odds — with the Tremere
and Assamites.

Other Setites, however, either don't believe in
the ascension of Set, or prefer*to=fécus"6n ‘other
matters. These Serpents may behave much like their
more faithful brethren, but they wish to obtain favors
and influence to advance their own position, not
some bizarre religious cause. These Setites are actually
more likely to develop real relationships — based on
mutual cooperation, and even as close as Cainites
come to friendship — with other vampires, because
they do not possess the religious belief that all other
Cainites are enemies of Set. Still, they prefer to
manipulate and blackmail when at all possible, rather
than trusting to feeble ties such as trust and affection.

They prefer placing more powerful Cainites under
their influence, of course, but they're less selective
than their fundamentalist counterparts, often work-
ing with any,vampire who has something to offer in
exchange. They, too,.can appear — and even truly
become — loyal.to a Cainitelord, but onlyybecause
they see such affiliation asthe best and quickest route
to power of their own ina Society that distrusts them.

Those few Setites who fall intoneithercamp, who
reject'(or at least do not focus.on) their brethren's
disreputable methods, have it worst Of all: They must
attempt to conyifice the Cainires ‘around them that
they'te not like their fellows, andthey have to survive
long enough todosowithout the aid of the rest of their
own clan. These

etites frequently attach themselves
desperately, almost slavishly, to, the ‘first reputable
Cainite who will take them on, simply so they have
some sort of buffer and allies to shield them from the
rest of Cainite society.

Development

Most Setites, regardless of their religious inclina-
tions, are well served by focusing on Social Attributes;
whether they're attempting to manipulate those around
them or simply wish to ensure that potential enemies
grow to like them, such Attributes are invaluable.
Knowledge of local politics, systems and individuals
both, is vital to learning who to approach and deal
with, and who to avoid. Political acumen is important
to those seeking to prove their worth and ability to
princes and lords. Combat Abilities are rarely a prior-
ity for Setites, but can prove useful when hiding and
deal-making fail and the Serpent is backed into a
corner. Beyond these, a Setite is wise to tailor his
Abilitiés ro the specific needs of the region in which
he operates, and to seek contacts and allies accord-
ingly. One.wants.to.have something valuable to offer
prospective: customers; afterall A*Setitevexpert in
Judeo-Christian artifacts, for_instancé,is far more
valuable in. the Holy Land than he isin Norway.

ManySetites;partictilarly those seeking to awaken
their ancient master, also delve deeply into arcane
secrets. Occult and similar Knowledges are valuable,
as are blood sorceries when the Serpent has the
opportunity to learn them. Obfuscate is a particularly
valuable Discipline when it comes to learning one's
neighbors' wants and desires.

Gangrel

Most Gangrel want little more from their fellow
Cainites than to be left alone to pursue their own


tes. Because they're often nomadic, wandering
where they choose and avoiding societal entangl
ments, many people make the mistake of assuming a
Gangrel character need not have her own goals and
objectives. Simply being alone can be an objective —
and one not always as easily obtained as it may seem.
but most Gangrel do indeed have others

Because Gangrel determine clan status by their

accomplishments and victories, Many so-called Ani
akers, s¢ekingchallenges thatany"civilized"
Cainite would avoid. They want.to-find threatening

sare risk

creatures in the wild, tospend some time subsisting off as
little blood possible, to challenge the ruler of a domain
through which they're passing. They're notstupid about
it, and most are wise enough notto anger a Cainite
powerful enough to cause them problems later on, but
they do not shy from open conflict

ome Gangrel'seeX'to slow/the'spread of civiliza
tion into their huntinglands. Some of these epitomize
the defiant and rebellious fallen, lurking around the
fringes of a prince's domain and attacking any of his
agents or establishmerits wheriever.tHe-opportunity
arises. These anarchic Gangrel, who often become or
consider themselves/Autarkis, are actually more likely
than many of their purely nomadic brethren to join a
coterie with other clans, if it means obtaining allies
against the local power structure

As mortal civilization expands, and Cainite lon
vie for larger and larger territories, more Gangrel find
themselves dwelling within orat the borders of Cainite
society than ever before. Those Gangrel who wish to
dwell in relative peace and quiet within another
Cainite'sdomain often have a difficult time of it. Most
prefer to be left alone, yet they haven't the proper
skills and certainly nofthe proper attitudes — to
remain hidden. Many "civilized*\Gangrel find them
selves serving oné or anotherof the powerful Cainite
princes or lords often as sheriffs or other enforcers
— not because:they particularly want to, but because
they canptrade the occasional, task or service for the
tight.to theirown territory, /and thus at least some
small modicum of privacy., These Gangrel don't act
particularly submissive, but the truth is that they do
tend to fall towards that end of the dichotomy, as
they've-been' foreed' into serving other Cainites in
exchange for theright to do asithéy wish.

It's difficult, with such, an individualistic clan, t0
generalize further about'their, goals and ambitions, but
certain other common, Objectives'exist that are, if not
universal, at leastrelatively common, The Gangrel area
prideful clan, and-as such they're ‘prone to carrying

A startling number of
Gangrel are currently seeking
retribution for some past

ai Vel Sn Ss ee ga dil A

+ PLAYERS. GUIDE TO -

FLOW CLANS - f2<

Sim

cop <p ome


wong or another, done to them, acompanion or the clan
4 a whole. (In the Slavic East, for instance, a goodly
number of the clan is still engaged in fighting alongside
the Tzimisce against the Tremere.) Many Gangrel dwell-
ing within the bounds of civi
are searching for some other Cainite, in order to express

zation do so because they

their displeasure in the most direét— and often most
bloody — manner possible.

Although they're far from common, a growing
number of Gangrel are actually involving themselves
in Cainite politics. Some act from personal ambition;
but others have simply come to the conclusion-that if
they're to dwell as they please, without being mired
down in the machinations/of other Cainites, their
only option is to obtain,a position where\they might
command others to leavecthem alone. It may not be
entirelya logical approach, but when have theGangrel
been known for logic?

Gangrel tend to struggle in the political aréna)since
most of them lack knowledge of and expérience with
Cainite systems of government; On the other hand,
their rugged outsider natures can also provide them an
advantage over their more savvy rivals, as their enemies
often underestimate them. Other political Cainites of-
ten dismiss the Gangrel entirely, unable to see them as
aserious threat. This negligence often provides a sizable
Opportunity for those Gangrel who have learned enough
about politics. Furthermore, because the Gangrel are
accustomed to conflict and have no patience with
cowards and quitters, they often tenaciously follow a
struggle — be it physical or political — to the bitter end,
Where other, more politically savvy Cainites would long
since have cut their losses and abandoned the field or
Office to the enemy.

Development

It almost goes without saying that nomadic

Gangrel focus largely on stealth and survival skills,
with combat skills coming in a near second. For those
who would continue to avoid submersion in Cainite
society, it behooves them to continue developing
such abilities well into the chronicle. Skill with ani-
mals is vital as well, as nomadic Gangrel often must
telyon nonhuman vitae to survive. If the Gangrel has
aparticular area through which she roams, it's worth
hertime to learn something about the Cainite princes
of the surrounding cities; she's almost certain to run
afoul of them at some point. Language skills are
valuable for wandering Gangrel, as they may run into
all sorts of people in their travels. Similarly, even the
most larcenous bandit of an Animal may occasionally
be required to barter or negotiate for some item or

supply she needs. This, in conjunction with their
prominence within the Animalism Discipline, makes
Social‘Attributes — often considered utterly unnec-
essary for Gangrel
appear.

As much as the idea may chafe, Gangrel who
would dwell within oreven near the cities must learn
how to:behave inva civilized fashion. Local language

far more important than they

and: customs are-essential, and an understanding of
local Cainite politics can aid the Gangrel in determin-
ing to.whom she should offer her services, if anyone.
At the \very-least, she'll know who to avoid. Those
who would carve theit own niche in society must do
more than'skim the surface of local politics, they must
master political

nd bureaucratic knowledge, learn to
become more eloquent speakers and to bargain for
what they desire. It's not sufficient for an ambitious
Gangrel to become as,good as the local Toreador,
Brujah or Lasombra when it comes to political maneu-

verir

g. She must be better, if she's to have any hope of
overcoming hot only ker rivals, but also the joint
stigma of being'a fallen Gainite and an Animal at-
tempting to rise above her betters.

Malkavian

Attempting to giveeveri. the most general of goals
for neonate Malkavians.is an exercise infutility. They
do not focus on ambition, strength, knowledge or any
other criteria for their Embrace, The Malkavians are
mad, and they sire for reasons incomprehensible to
sane Cainites, Thus, no true commonality in either
ambition or personality can' exist among the newly
Embraced, sayé-that they aréall, to a greater or lesser

extent, insane.

Animportantpoint must be made, however, both
for players who would portray the Madmen and for
Storytellers as well. The fact that,a Cainite is insane,
be he Malkavian orany other deranged vampire, does
not mean thathe hasno goals orambitions! All people
want something, néed"something, strive for some-
thing, and the Malkaviansare no different. They may
possess goals unfathomable to anyone who doesn't
share their particular madness. Their objectives may
change on a night-to-nightbasis. They may seek goals
that are absolutely impossible, such as to ascend to
godhood, lifttthe Curse of Caine or become invisible
by slaughtering whores in symbolic locations through-
out the city. Their ambitions may not even be
describable in any language known to mankind. But
nonetheless, those goals and objectives do exist, and
they influence the behavior and development of the


character no less than the ambitions of any other
Cainite of any other clan.

It can be difficult for a (presumably) sane playerto
create goals and objectives for an insane character, but
it's still a good idea. Itcan be just abouranything, so long
as you steer clear of the ridiculous and recall that this is
a horror game. Perhaps he's collecting bits of corpses to
rebuild a dead relative, or he seeks to gain the loyalty of
the prince and then betray her because he believes she's
the pawn of a conspiracy made up of ancient Roman
witches. For that matter, many Malkavians pursue the
same objectives as their more rational brethren, Some
seek power, working to become lords and princes of their
own domains. Others wish to grow wealthy, orto be left
alone to act as they please, or to destroy a hated enemy
who has wronged them. Any ambition you can imagine,
rational or irrational, sane or lunatic, is an acéeptable
starting point for a Malkavian character. You may wish
to tailor your character's goals so they play into and
emphasize his derangement — but then, you might also
find it fun to play a character whose personal goals have
nothing whatsoever to do with his inherited madness.

Remember, too, that a Malkavian's derangement
need not be obvious. Many insane individuals func-
tion perfectly well in society, be it mortal or Cainite
(at least fora time). In fact, more than one Malkavian
has obtained a position of authority in Cainite circles
without any of his compatriots learning that he is, in
fact, a Madman. For every stark-raving-mad Malkavian
ranting about the coming of Gehenna ormuttering to
himself whil some other. is
making her way to the highest levels of Cainite
nobility, her political acumen only enhanced. by her

strangling an urchin,

paranoia or her unquenchable ambition.
Something else to be considered when creating a
Malkavian character is the often-overlooked fact that
the character's insanity need not be, andsin)many
cases should not be, the entirety of the character's

concept. Nosferatu are more than their ugly appear-
ance. Ravnos are more than their addiction to Sin.
Malkavians should be more than their madness. You
should not be able to describe a Malkavian character
simply as "delusional," "paranoid" or
Those are only aspects of his personality. Is he a
A
paranoid ex-priest who believes the Day of Judgment
has already passed, and seeks to build a pseudo-Chris-
tian cult around himself? A delusional baker who once
fell in love with the daughter of a local lord, and seeks
now to become prince in the mad belief that this will
prove his worth to the woman he loves? Deciding

"murderous."

murderous knight who was abused by astern father

Malkavian's goals and desires goes a long way towards

defining him beyond the bounds of his derangement,
but it's merely a start. A Malkavian's concept should
be just as detailed as that of any other character, and
not neatly summed up by a two-word gimmick.

Finally, remember that in the Middle Ages, mad-
nesswas seen as an outside affliction. The insane are
possessed by spirits or demons, or cursed by witches, or
the like: Madness is not a handicap; it is a sign of evil,
or at least the supernatural. This doesn't necessarily
change the way a Malkavian behaves (although it
might), but-it definitely changes the way others are
going to react to a Malkavian character

Developinent

The direétion you'll take a Malkavian character
arly dépends largely on the individual nature, the

goals and the particular madness of the character. A
Malkavian who seeks political power must, of course,

cone

entrate on learning the ins and outs of polities,
acquiring contacts and allies and learning the nature
of his rivals. This isn't sufficient, however. Many such
Malkavians would also be wise to focus on overcom
ing, or at least résisting their innate madness, as the
time may comewhen an important alliance or a court
gathering would be threatened by an ill-timed out
break of lunacy. In game terms, this means buying
Willpower to reasonably high levels. Of course, this
assumes that your character has lucid moments in
which she recognizes that she's got certain behavioral
quirks she must repress, at least in the company of
others. Only afew Malkavians are so insightful when
it comes to their own madness, and are thus unable to
reasonably struggle against it. The majority simply act
if at all—
wonder why others react to them so strangely.

as seems natural to them, and only later

Beyond that, advance whichever Traits seem
most suitable to the character — keeping in mind the
fact thar he likely views the world, and his means to
get what he wants, through a somewhat different lens
that everyone else. Combine goals and derangement,
and you'll have a perfect guide to take your charactet
through an entire chronicle.

Nosferatu

It is an unfortunate truth in any caste-oriented
society that those most easily marked as different
are usually those most cruelly oppressed, and the
treatment of the Nosferatu is no exception. Hide
eous, cursed and deformed, unable to hide theit

true natures for long, the Lepers are the detritus of
Cainite society, often spat upon even by other

I
q
t


fallen. In some domains they are still driven out
When they're discovered by other Cainites who fear
them for the attention they cannot help but at-
fact, or hate them for reminding their less ugly
brethren that all vampires are cursed by.God.
Surprisingly enough, only a small portion of the
Clan grows as angry and bitter as might be expected at
thistreatment, although those few are quite capable of
fausing substantial harm to their tormentors. They
Sitike back at the Cainites who oppress.them, al-
though many do so in ways far more subtle than most
tebellious vampires. For every one who-uses her great
strength oranimals under her command toassault the
prince
others work from the shadows, trading informationon
theprince's habits and the domain's defenses to rivals
for the throne. Amongst the Nosferatu, so accus-
fomed to hiding, even revolution is usuallyperformed
in secret and through the exchange of knowledge.
Although their affinity for Potence makes them for-
fildable soldiers, most Nosferatu'refer sabotage and

's agents or lay waste to his haven, a handful of

espionage to direct conflicts

Still, the damage these rebellious Nosferatucause
belies their numbers; most Lepers do not lash out so
against other Cainites. Some feel helpless-to~act
against their oppression, others accept their station in
Society with a weary — perhaps martyr-like
nation, while still others use their talents and abilities
forise above their caste and attain positions of some

resig-

import with (or o¢casionally even as) Cainite lords
and princes.

Themajority of Nosferatu, like the Gangrel, pre-
fer to avoid entanglement in politics, or inany aspect
ofCainite Society for thatmatter. They wish to be left
alone, for solitude is preferable to the hatred, disgust
and fear heaped. upon them by their brethren:
Strangely, although they are\ not ill-suited ‘to \the
untamed wilds, most Nosferatu prefer toremain within
cities and other communities, rather than wandering
as do the Gangrel
creatures therein, others pine for mortal or Cainite

Some fearsthe wilds and the
Siinpanionship even while they hide aay from all
contact, and some simply refuse to be separatéd.from
their herd. Rather, the Nosferatu prefer to hide within
or at least near the borders of the cities, dwelling in
crypts, nearby caves, rundown and abandoned build-
ings — anyplace they can expect more fastidious
Cainites to avoid. They move from place to place,
often keeping multiple havens, emerging only to hunt
or for other necessities. They avoid other Cainites
whenever possible, and prefer flight to confrontation.

Other Nosferatu prefer making themselves useful
to remaining completely alone and unseen. Everyone
osferatu are unexcelled when it comes to
unearthing and brokering information and secrets,

knows the

and many of the Lepers conduct a thriving trade in
tumor and whisper. Any Cainite — from the prince
concerned with the goings-on of his domain ,to the
Assamite seeking a hidden route out of town, to the
Brujah seeking to blackmail his sire, to the Lasombra
hunting fora lost relic of St. Peter —almost certainly,
at some point or other, visits a Nosferatu for informa-
tion, and just as certainly pays a steep price in goods or
Some Nosferatu take advantage of
their reputation, selling false or altered information to
those they dislike, or if they feel they can fetch a better
pricefor lies than truth. Wiser Lepers eschew this sort
of behavior, however, as they realize that the mere
accusation that a Nosferatu has falsified information
can destroy her reputation — and that reputation is all
that protects them from the hatred of their fellows.

favors-to get it.

The most strong-willed Nosferatu accept the no-
tion that they may beredeemed along with their curse,
and believe that they are.in no way inferior to other
Cainites, regardless of their appearance. These
Nosferatu often involve themselves with society around
them, often rising to advise the prince
prince themselves

or become
through acombination of valu-
able knowledge and sheer force of will. These Nosferatu,
who are usually but not always particularly religious,
often refuse to make their havens in hidden or out-of-
the-way places. They prefer private homes
establishments of higher learhing, even the occa-
sional keep — in other words, the same sorts of places
often frequented by the High=Clans. Those with
sufficient strength of will, and with-enough leverage
thar the first cursed cannot simply dismiss them, can
force their way into Cainite nobility and eventually
gain sufficient power where even those who hate them
for their deformity must acknowledge them. Those
alue of their information or
theextent of their skill find themselves either laughed
out of high society, or else punished

who overestimate the

even slain —
for rising above their station.

Development

Nosferatu dwelling on the fringes of society focus
largely on stealth-related aptitudes (and Obfuscate, of
course). They're also wise to consider survival skills, in

case the dubious comforts of town are ever denied
them, and many make use of Animalism as both an
emergency food source and a means of keeping an eye


on goings-on in the city. They usually claim few allies
or contacts, but cultivate those they have with ex-
treme care; to a Nosferat accustomed to rejection and
loneliness, a single friend is more valuable than all the
sycophants and advisors of a prince's court. Fringe-
dwelling or hiding Nosferatu would also be advised to
learn something of the geography of the surrounding

area, as well as the political figures of several nearby
towns, in case they are-eyer driven from their current
domicile.

Other Nosferatu, whether they barter and trade
information to advance theit own position, to turn
aside the ire of the prince orto see that prince
dethroned, must become jacks-of-all-trades. True,
they require the same'stealth and spying talents as
their less forward cousins — making Obfuscate and
Animalism equally valuable — but they must possess
a broad array of knowledge, from the political to the
occult to the personal. Afterall; possessing the facts is
only part of theinformation broker's skill; the Nosferatu
mustalso:be able to determine what knowledge is
particularly, valuable, what the repercussions are of
selling-it; and to whom they should offer it. Nosferatu
seeking to carv

their ownniche in the political arena
should, obviously, focus more on political savvy than
others, but should still make a point of being well-
rounded. Language skills are vital as well, as notall the
information a Nosferatu Seeks will be presented in the
local argot.

Some Nosferatu become experts in religious mat-
ters, as they settle on God (or some other higher
power) as their path to redemption. In fact, Nosferatu
often maintain Road ratings higher than many other
clans, High or Low.

Ravnos

The first thing to consider when playing a Ravnos
is this: The character should be far more thana vehicle
for his flaw. Just asa Malkavian must be more than just
"crazy," a Ravnos must be more than just dishonest, or

thieving, or sacrilegious. The Ravnos flaw is an aspect
of the character only; if the flaw sums up your entire
roleplaying hook, you don't have a complete charac-
ter yet.

gain, the best way to fill out the character is with
goals and ambitions. A subtle difference, one that
escapes many Cainites (and many players), separates
the desires of the largely nomadic Gangrel from the
equally nomadic Ravnos. The Gangrel want to be left
alone; the Ravnos actually prefer the company of
others, but they value their freedom above all other

TROUBLEMAKERS BEWARE

lip back several pages, until you find the
sidebar entitled A Word About Loners.
Read it again, replacing "loners" with "wack
Ravnos who deliberately make life miserable for
their fellow players and the Storytelle:

Don't play that sort of character, at least not
without clearing it with your Storyteller first
The average Ravnos is quite capable of causing
enough trouble through his thieving or dishon-
esty, without throwing a deliberate attempt to
disrupt the story into the mix.

considerations. They move from domain to domain,
not because they seek solitude, but because they seek
to avoid those who would enslave or slay them. The
goals of a young Raynos are very often focused on
tangible rewards — money, goods, and the like. This
isn't to say that allRavnos characters must be greedy,
but it's certainly not an uncommon place to start

Still, the Charlatans' reputation for thievery, de-
ception and'petty annoyance is only partly deserved,
and the clan stereotype of wanderers who seek only to
A large
portion of the clan yet dwells in their homeland in the
Far East, and many Ravnos wanderers ayoid the larce-
nous practices of theif more flamboyant brethren.
Still, the vagrant Ravnos are the most noticeable and
the most common in the

bilk others out of their wealth is exaggerated

European domains, so thisis
the image most Cainites hold, and the reputation to
which most Cainites react.

Few Ravnos are ever permitted the opportunity to
becomé more ‘than dwellers on the fringe of society
They are, in effect, a reflection of the'same societal cycle
that keeps the Low Clans as a whole ‘from,elevating
themselves. The! Charlatans' reputation prevents any
other Cainites from trusting them, thus\they are never
granted the opportunity to prove they

Outsid
Cainites remain utterly ignorant, the Ravnos claim
fewer princes or positions of nobility than any other
clan, High or Low. A Tremere can prove herself
sufficiently canny or powerful, a Nosferatu sufficiently
knowledgeable, a Malkavian sufficiently stable or
even an Assamite sufficiently committed and honor

ah be trusted

their native India, about which most

able to convince local Cainites to accept them in
some sort of official role. Few Ravnos are ever able to
shake the distrust of others, however, and most never
bother to try. With very few exceptions, the only
Ravnos to hold power over a domain are those power

ama een een eee


ful enough to conquer it by force, or those who claim
some backwater, poverty-stricken region that no sane
vampire would want. Even those areas rare as Lasombra
sun-cultists. Etienne de Faubergé, Prince of Acre,
obtained his position via a combination of a powerful
patron (his sire Varsik), the fact that Outremer isn't
firmly under the thumb of the High Clans, andthe fact
that at the time he claimed domain over the¢ity, no
Cainite (himself included) could enter it
Between the mistrust and antagonism shown
them by most other Cainites and the "rémain free,
take what you want" attitude passed on to many
Ravnos childer by their sires — to say nothing of
— most Ravnos
haye no interest in integrating into Cainite society
anyway. Those few who do almost invariably serve
as agents or proxies for a specifte Cainite master or

their unfortunate clan weakness

employer, rather than holding or even attempting
to hold any office of their own. It's far easier, after
all, to convince one powerful Cainite'to trtist you,
orat least tolerate you, than to convinceé'an entire
court or an entire domain to do the same. Somé
Ravnos make surprisingly effective warriors and
assassins, and this is the third most common task —
after espionage and sabotage — for which they hire
themselves out. Only a relative few choose to
pursue this application of their skills and Disci-
plines, but those who do rival any Gangrel, Brujah
or Assamite.

The rest travel, or else set up havens in portions
of town where they're unlikely to be noticed, and
attempt to conduct whatever sort of activities they
prefer. The unfortunate stereotype that Ravnos enjoy
making trouble and fomenting chaos in whatever city
they happen to pass through is misleading. It's true
only of those Charlatans who grow rebellious and
hostile towards the society that has spurned them, or
those who hold a grudge against a particular domain
or Cainite. The rest aren't particularly out to cause
trouble, and in fact would prefer to avoid the atten-
tions of local authorities. Unfortunately, the Ravnos
often possess a certain contempt for the other clans
Which, when combined with their flamboyant na-
tures and clan weakness, often inspires them to cause

trouble despite themselves. A Ravnos who incites a
fiot against the local merchants by cheating the
populace, who refuses to acknowledge other Cainites'
territorial rights and feeds where he likes, or who
steals an heirloom belonging to the prince, can incite
just as much of a furor through lack of foresight or
common sense as a more vindictive Charlatan can
cause deliberately.

om so een ee ee

Development

As with the Gangrel, the nomadic Ravnos find
wilderness and survival skills essential if they plan to
make it from one city to the next in one piece.
Subterfuge and Stealth are vital for those who sub-
scribe to the Ravnos stereotype and prey upon the
gullibility and carelessness of the kine around them.
cility with languages is also important, since the
Ravnos can‘wind up practically anywhe

The Charlatans rarely focus on the social ties
teflected by Backgrounds such as Allies, Contacts
and Influence, as they rarely remain in one place
long enough to make use of them. Still, the occa-
sional contact can prove most useful if it's in a city
the Ravnos frequents regularly, and those Ravnos
who trayel'withother, mortal wanderers, would be
well advised to cultivate friends among their trav-
eling companions.

Ravnoswho remain close to their Indian roots
often possess a startling amount of religious and occult
knowledge; and sometimes even a mastery of strange

forms of blood magic with which even the Tremere are

unfamiliar. These Ravnosare quite rare across Europe,
however, and most of the more common Charlatans
know little or nothing of their clan's original heritage

Tremere

The Usurpers hail from a disciplined order of
mortal magi. They are surrounded on all sides by
enemies, or at least those who look down on them as
thieves and pretenders. They have few allies to speak
of, and fewer friends, They have, then, no choice but
rely on one another.

Other C
the Tremere's organization, theirability to function as

ainités haven't yet figured it out, but it is

a body even when*they're busy climbing over one
another in their rise to the top, that has enabled them
to survive.

And the Tremere are, by and large, truly ambi-
tious. Exceptions exist, of course, but most "of the
Usurpers actively seek power of some sort or another.
Some wish to rule; seeing themselves as princes of
Cainite and kine alike. They work themselves into
Cainite:politics-as best they can, seeking' offices in
those domains where hatred-of their:clan is waning,
and seeking positions as advisors to Cainites of power
in those (more Common) regions where more direct
toutes to power are not yet open to them. Although
the mystical might for which the Tremere are known
isn'tnecessarily their primary focus, politically minded


Usurpers often make at least some attempt to master
Thaumaturgy anyway. Partially this is to keep them-
selves from functioning at a disadvantage-to their
fellows, but it is also because proficiency in blood
sorcery is a sure way to temptsome Ventrue or Toréa-
dor lord into bringing an otherwise loathsome Usurper
into his circle.

Other Tremere are no less ambitious, but strive
for different forms of power. Some Couldh't care less
about ruling others politically, but instead seek utter
mastery of the forces of magic. They spend every spare
moment in the quest for greater Thaumaturgical knowl-
edge, mastering esoteric-paths and rituals of which
many of their brethren/have never even heard. Some
go farther still, seeking to uncover and ‘learn the
secrets of other forms of blood sorcery, some of which
predate Thaumaturgy by hundreds or even thousands
of years.

Finally, a sizable minorityof Usurpers seek simply
to master some area of knowledge; be it occult lore,
ancient history or even the physiology of reptiles: In
their quest not merely to survive but to flourish, the
Tremere often Embrace men and women of learning
simply in the hopes that their area of expertise might

%
‘i
eventually prove useful. These Tremere don't often
advance particularly far in the great pyramid that

formsthe structure of the clan itself, but they existand
in some cases thrive:

A-yast preponderance of Tremere carry with
them a burning resentment for the other Cainite
clans. How dare these miserable creatures look down
on them as Usurpers? The other clans are jealous —
jealous that the Tremere possess powers they cannot
understand and could never hope to match, jealous
that the Tremere possessed the strength of will to
reach out and take the power that the other clans have
squandered since the nights when Adam and Evestill
walked the earth.

They keep their-anger towards the High Clans
~ save, of course, for their
ongoing war with the Tzimisce. When working along-
side the first cursed, the Tremere plaster smiles across
their faces and do as they are requested. This makes
them appear submissive, and in fact some have truly

largely buried, however

come to believe that-their only hope for survival lies
in becoming tiseful servants. The vast majority, how-
ever, use this position to become an ever more vital
part of Cainite courts and to learn the ins and outs of

Cainite politics, all working towards the night when
they
areal lord behaves!

an show these foppish and foolish princes how

The Usurpers' anger at the Low Clans is less well
defined, but no less intense for all that. These are the
Vampires with whom they are associated? This is the
level to which the High Clans would constrain them?
They are above the low-blooded, as far above as the
tiger is above the common cat! The Tremer:
thefallen, not because of anything that has been done
fo the Usurpers, but because the Low Clans are a
Constant reminder of what the Tremere can look
forward to if they fail to hoist themselves up. The
Tremere hatred of the Low Clans comes not from
anger, although they themselves believe otherwise,
but from the fear of an uncertain future.

despise

As with all other generalities, these attitudes
aren'tuniversal, and a starting Tremere character isn't
fequired to subscribe to any or all of these hatreds or
ambitions. Most of them do so, however, preferring to
associate with High Clan Cainites, often alienating
fallen companions by treating them as inferiors.

Even the most ambitious Tremere knows better
than to place his own objectives above those of the
¢lan. The Council of Seven and the clan founder
himself do not object to Tremere competing with
Tremere, for this allows the best of the best to rise to
thetop. All the Tremere are expected to advance the
clan asa whole when they advance their own position,
and any Usurper who puts the clan's position at risk
perhaps by alienating a
can expect to be thrown down by her

through her behavior
powerful ally
own clanmates long before her clan's many enemies
lay their hands on her.

Development

While the majority of Tremere focus at least some
oftheirattention on developing their Thaumaturgical
abilities, the truth is that not every Usurper practices
blood magic. Many choose to concentrate instead on
political or tactical expertise, proving their value as
advisors or military strategists rather than relying on
their reputations as warlocks.

Any Tremere who expects to interact much with
other Cainites, particularly those of the High Clans,
should make the effort to learn customs, history and
—perhaps most importantly — etiquette. If the clan
istocarve out a place among the first cursed, they must
show themselves just as civilized and well mannered
orthey will never find acceptance

While some Tremere acquire a broad base of
abilities, most Usurpers tend to focus on a single area

of expertise, or at least a group of related abilities. In
their efforts to attach themselves to powerful Cainites,
the Tremere have discovered that experts in a given
field are normally in greater demand than those who
know only alittleabouta great many subjects. Whether
a Tremere is a powerful Thaumaturge, an expert
tactician or a sage learned in the esoteric secrets of
religious history, he no doubt possesses abilities in-
valuable to someone.

Downtime and
Maturation

Not every night of Cainite existence is of particu-
lar interest or worth portraying in the course ofa game.
Weeks, months, years, even decades can pass during
which nothing of any import occurs to your character
Many Storytellers make use of downtime and matura-
tion point systems to portray this lengthy period of
relative inactivity. (See the Dark Ages Storytellers
Companion for the maturation point system.)

Of course, the fact that nothing has occurred of
any importance to the story doesn't mean that your
character has been sitting around darning socks. She's
been doing something, after all, which is where the
points for maturation come from:

Because downtime often dumps a relatively large
pool of points in a player's lap, the temptation exists
to spend them all to create serious leaps of power in
select Attributes or Disciplines. In addition to being
unrealistic and often forbidden by some Storytellers,
this does your character a disservice. This sort of
thinking really does reduce a "character" to a collec-
tion of points.

Instead, let your character's previously established
goals and the circumstances of your downtime influ-
ence your decisions. Keep in mind the sort of
opportunities your character is likely to have between
games. If she's nowhere near an institute of higher
learning or a well-educated sage, she's unlikely to be
able to build her Academics or Science Knowledges,
for instance

Within the opportunities available, she'll likely
want to focus on advancing the same goals she's
Has she spent much of the

to date attempting to prove herself a
ant of the Tzimisce lord who dwells in the
castle on the hill outside of town? Odds are, she has
continued to do so during downtime. Based on the
tasks she's completed for the lord so far, and assum-

pursued previously

chronic
loyal ser


Bote ee + PLAYERS. GUID!

- ‘. was ae THELOW

GOLCONDA

he 13th century has seen a slow ero

sion in the Cainite belief in the mys-
tical and spiritual state known as Golconda,
when the Beast is finally placed in perfect
balance with the Cainite's human nature. In-
terestingly enough, however, a lingering belief
in Golconda is far more common now among
the Low Clans than it is among the High

The first cursed, although largely unaware
of this disparity, would no doubt shrug it off as
yet more evidence of the lesser status of the
fallen. Of course they still believe in Golconda,
and other fairy tales as well they're too
primitive, too uneducated, too foolish to tell
fact from fancy.

The truth, as always, is somewhat more
complex. Many of the fallen maintain their
belief in Golconda, even when it goes against
their other religious tenets, because it offers
them a way to ascend. The Low Clans are
oppressed, kept down, made to act and even
believe themselves to be inferior to their more
refined, often more human-seeming High Clan
relatives. Golconda offers them a way to be-
come more than what they are, to overcome
their basest natures and evolve into beings
higher than themselves, and higher than their
high-blooded oppressors.

So long as the High Clans continue to
oppress the Low, many of the fallen will
almost certainly cling to the belief in
Golconda, for to surrender it is to cast aside
all hope of a better future.

ing she's been performing similar actions between
games, you should have some idea of what faculties
she's using most. If she's been dwelling in the
wilderness, she's probably had the most opportu
nity to develop Stamina, Survival and Disciplines
such as Animalism or Fortitude. If, on the other

hand, she's been hobnobbing with the local court

unlikely for the fallen, but certainly not impos
sible — she's probably been building Charisma and
Manipulation, Etiquette and Politics, and Auspex
and Presence.

Of course, given the poor conditions in which
many Low Clan Cainites dwell, your character may
have been hard-pressed merely to survive and keep
himself fed, granting him no opportunity to pursue
other objectives. In these cases, you should probably

focus most of your maturation points on practical and
hunting skills — Stealth, for instance — and maybe
on Self-Control/Instinct and Willpower, since your
character has probably had plenty of opportunity to

resist the effects of frenzy. Whatever the case, focus-
ing maturation points where they make the most
sense, as opposed to where they prove most advanta-
geous, goes a long way towards adding both depth and
verisimilitude to a character.

g pegs the Ages

inite society, particularly among the High

¢ ana places substantial importance ona vampire's
rank. Any neonate, however skilled or experi
enced, will probably receive less respect than even
a less-skilled ancilla, and both are considered little
more than nothing compared to even the feeblest
of elders

The more formal of the Low Clans
the Assamites and the Tremere

primarily
insist that any
Cainite who would claim the status normally due
an ancilla or elder first prove herself, regardless of
age. The successful completion of assigned quests
or duties, the elimination of an enemy of one's lord,
the discovery of a new and tantalizing scrap of
mystical lore, the attaining of a position of impor
tance in a Cainite court — all these and more are
accomplishments impressive enough to justify a
rise in status. Of course, a four-hundred-year-old
Cainite is still an elder, regardless of what he's been
doing in that time, but if he wants the respect to go
along with the title, he's going to have to earn it

For the other Low Clans, the procedure is even
more haphazard. Often, merely surviving long
enough is sufficient to obtain the status to go with
the title of ancilla, simply because long-term sur
vival is not an easy proposition. Performing acts
that impress your peers is certainly a plus —a@
Nosferat well known for uncovering important
secrets will achieve the respect of her brethren
faster than one who simply cowers in the cata
combs and grows old feeding on rats — but it's not
truly essential

As to when a fallen Cainite can claim the
respect due an elder, well, that's even less formal. A
Gangrel or Malkavian has earned the status to g0
along with her age once she's survived for several
centuries and has accumulated enough respect,
political leverage or personal power that she can
refer to herselfas an elder without being laughedat §
or challenged by other elders in the region.

re == Te

1
1
q
}

¢


; FF
Ct
1
|
i
1
7
5
|
f
>
f
i
1
I)

Roads

All five of the primary viae may be found among
the Low Clans. To one extent or another, each of the
foads has something to offer the fallen. They are not
merely a means of staving off the Beast; they also offer
the Low Clans a measure of hope. If they can only
become worthy of the morality they've adopted, they
canprove, to themselves, if not to others, that they are
fot forsaken, that they may still seek redemption —
Of, at the very least, that their damnation is yet a part
Of some greater plan.

Until recently, the vast majority of Low Clan
Ginites who chose to follow the Road of Heaven
leaned toward the Penitent Congregation (save, per-
haps, for the Assamites). In recent nights, as the
power of the Low Clans has begun to rise, a number of
thefallen have changed their attitudes. The Road of
Heaven is no less common than it was, but many of
those who previously assumed their undead state was
divine punishment are now converting to other, less
Submissive paths.

Roads by Clan

Although individuals vary, certain clans tend
fo gravitate more towards some roads than others
Italso appears that a significant minority of fallen
Cainites choose their roads at least partially as an
act of rebellion against the High Clans. For in-
Stance, many fallen choose roads that emphasize
Instinct over Self-Control precisely because Self-
Control-oriented roads are viewed as more refined
and dignified.

Assamites

A large number of Assamites follow none of the
five primary roads, btit rather subscribe to the tenets of
the Road of Blood. This is, specifically an. Assamite
code, almost unknown. outside the clan, and those
Who follow its often violent precepts are largely re-
sponsible for the mistrust and fear in which the other
clans hold the Saracens.

Beyond the Via Sanguinius, the most common
toads among the Assamites ate the Road of Kings
= most commonly-followed by Assamite v

ers,
and those who-rule Assamite-dominated domains
= and the Road) of Heaven. Many Assamites,
devout followers of Islam, believe that they have a
divinely mandated-duty ‘to keep other clans in
check, or at least to-protect their own from the
depredations of Caine's childer. The Road of Hu-

rather martial
mindset of the clan as a whole, but not unheard of.
Very few Assamites choose the Road of the Beast;
although predatory, the Assamites' attitudes tend
towards both more civilized and more disciplined
extremes. Any Assamite discovered following the
Road of Sin can probably expect to be hunted down
by his clan and destroyed. Still, rumor tells that a
small number of Assamites have embraced the

manity is uncommon, given the

tenets of this road after being led astray by the Baali
during one of their great conflicts.

vollowers of Set

The Setites, too, often go their own way. The
faithful of the dark god often follow the Via Serpentis.
The Road of the Serpent preaches damnation and
corruption through truth, all for the glory of Set. Many
Setites, of courseyaiten'tas faithful tGSetas they could
be, howeVer. These Serpents pursue their own goals,
and follow their own roads:

The Road of Sin is common among the Setites, as
they turn their efforts from increasing Set's power to
gratifying their own desires. As the Road sof the
Serpent teaches Setites\to care little for the good of
others, it's nota far step to.the Via Peccati. Often, little
differentiates Setites on the Road of the Serpent from
those on the Road of Sin, as the distinction is entirely
internal, not behavioral. This fact has, no doubt,
contributed to the Setites' foul reputation — not that
they needed any help.

Beyond these, the Road of Humanity is rather
surprisingly the most common. These Serpents cling
to the notion that their new natures haven't changed
what they-traly are,-and-they-sttuggle-to-maintain
some Vestiges.of their humanity even-in the-face of
acts most foul. The Road of the Beast is most com-
monly found in those Setites who have truly embraced
their serpentine natures, often behaving more like
ophidian Gangrel than traditional Setites. The Road
of Heaven and the Road of Kings are extremely rare,
as the Setites, by and large, have little interest in open
tule and little respect for the God of men.

Gangrel

Itshould come as no surprise whatsoever that the
vast majority of Gangrel follow the Road of the Beast.
Given their nomadic and predatory natures, no road
could possibly prove a better fit.

After the Via Bestiae, the Road of Humanity is
actually most common among the Animals. This not a
deliberate choice on their part; many Gangrel who begin
wandering alone after the Embrace simply never make


any effort to alter their moral outlook from their breath-
ing days. Some few Gangrel take their predatory nature
too far, developing an "everything for me" attitude that
leads them slowly but steadily to the Road of Sin. The
Road of Heaven is uncommon (but see below), as most
Gangrel care little for matters of faith, and very few have
sufficient interest in ruling, politics or civilization to
maintain the Road of Kings.

The Via Caeliis fairly tare among the Animals.
Those Gangrel who'do follow it, however, are dogged
proponents of Christianity and can rarely keep their
faith to themselyes. Gangrel who actively seek to con-
vert their clanmates to Christianity, Islam or foreign viae
ssentially on a suicide mission, and they know it
Because the Gangrel clan is so fond of settling disputes
with individual combat,anumber of Gangrel ofall faiths
have taken to trying to convert their fellows by this
means. Followers of the Path of Chivalry especially
prefer this method. ("I win, Ulrich, and you kiss the
cross." "I win, and you kiss my arse, whelp!")

are

Malkavians

Looking for concrete patterns of morality and
religion among the Malkavians is like attempting to
count waves in the ocean: You may see none, or you

may see an infinite and-constantly shifting number,
and in neither case will you actually learn or accom-
plish a damned thing.

Perhaps the only general. conclusion to be drawn
is that a Malkavian's chosen toad usually corresponds
in some way to her specific madness. That is, a Mad-
man filled with a burningambition might well choose
the Road of Kings, whereas a Malkavian who believes
she speaks with God and has visions of Gehenna likely
follows the Road of Heaven. This is, of course, rarely
a conscious choice on the Malkavian's part. Rather,
the Malkavian simply focuses on whichever system of
and, given that
she views the world through her specific derange-
ment, her choices may prove surprising indeed.

Nosferatu

Despite the Lepers' bestial, demonic appearances,

morality seems most natural to her

the two roads most commonly found among the clan
are the Road of Heaven and the Road of Humanity.
Many Nosferatu follow the Via Caeli with a deep
religious fervor. It's difficult, after all, for a Nosferatu
to separate the presence of God from his nightly
existence — unlike the other Cainites, a Nosferatu
canneverescape the reality of hercurse. Most Nosferatu
on the Road of Heaven are Penitents, viewing their
curse as some form of punishment. Some follow other

ee:

paths, however, and a growing number of Penitents
are shedding their self-hatred and altering their be-
havior. Others cling'to their humanity like a bit of
driftwood in a turbulent sea, their old beliefs and
morals bolstering them in their fight against the Beast
and their own clearly inhuman natures. These Lepers,
despite their hideous Visages, are often some of the
kindest Cainites you'll ever meet

On the otherhand, asizable minority of Nosferatu
follow the Road of the Beast, sometimes becoming
little more than urban predators; for such a Nosferat,
his existence is an endless parade of nights spent
skulking in the shadows until a'tasty mortal'yentures
too near. Others, made bitter by the curse or by the
evil motives that others ignorantly ascribe to them,
become. the monsters that others see and ‘walk the
Road of Sin. Only the Road of Kir
among the Nosferatu, and even it is not completely

is relatively rare

absent. Some noble-minded Lepers strive for, and
have even succeeded iin acquiring, their own domains.
Other clans are often reluctant to follow a Nosferatu,
but those on the Road of Kings see this reticence as
just one more obstacle they must overcome.

Ravnos

A large number of Ravnos follow the Road of
Paradox, a minor road commen only to the Char
latans. Many Ravnos choose this road not merely
because it is part of their tradition, but because it
grants a certain legitimacy to their dislike of other
Cainites (to say nothing of the fact that its precepts
can be twisted to justify many Ravnos' larcenous or
disruptive tendencies as well.)

Other than the Via Paradoxi, the Road of Hw
manity is most prevalent among the Charlatans.
Many of the clan are greedy and dishonest, but it's
a very human greed, a hunger for'wealth-and com-
fort shared by Cainites and, mortals alike.
Furthermore, the Ravnos' isolation from other clans
ly and in terms of trust, rather than
physical isolation -

emotion¢
often prevents them from
choosing other roads, as they lack the opportunity
to

earn their precepts.

Some Ravnos take the nomadic, wandering
predator notion tothe extreme, adopting the pre-
cepts of the Road ofthe Beast, and others allow

their disruptive natures to become truly malicious,
walking the Road of Sin. Ravnos on the Roads of
Heaven or Kings are few and far between, and
rarely survive long without eventually switching to
another, e

sier road. Cainite society refuses to

accept earnest and faithful Ravnos, or Charlatans

es hel

WIDE TO +

———


in positions of authority, making it nearly impos-
sible for them to maintain the precepts of these
toads even if they try

Tremere

Most Tremere adhere to the Road of Humanity
This is, at least in part, due to lack of opportunity to
master anything else. The eldest Tremere is still only
4 few centuries old, and the younger Usurpers who
might be interested in pursuing other ways are often
too busy battling (or simply surviving) the Tzimisce,
Gangrel and other many enemies of the clan. Even
when they have other options, many Tremeére cleave
tothe Via Humanitas. Although they do believe that
they are above the kine, they feel that it was human
ambition Jainites lack, for all
theirown aspirations and desires—thatallowed them

something most

to seize the power to make themselves vampires

Those who have adopted other roads often choose
the Road of Kings, as it appeals to the superiority
complex many Tremere already possess. Some follow
the Road of Sin, using their powers solely to revel in
their undead state, but these are-few and are often
silenced by their own clanmates who are most anxious
toavoid appearing uncivilized in the eyes of the Higl

Clans. For the same reason; the Road of the Beast is
discouraged not that many Tremere would be
willing to give up their attachments to civilization
anyway. The Road of Heaven is equally uncommon,
Simply because most Tremere believe in and pursue

higher powers of a nature other than religious

Moments of Truth

Moments of truth, those flashes of insight
wherein a Cainite either advances her understand-
ing of her chosen road or else suddenly sees the
ror of her ways and adopts a new one, are often
forced upon Low Clan Cainites by the society
around them. Unlike the first cursed, who often
have the opportunity to go in search of spiritual
enlightenment, many of the fallen must devote
their efforts simply to survival. Because they often
Bevelless time to devote to such pursuits, fewer Low
Clan Cainites have the opportunity to study under
those who have progressed further along the roads
Where a Lasombra or Brujah might seek out an
ashen priest to learn the ways of his faith, a Ravnos
or Malkavian will likely have to make do with
whatever revelations she can attain on her own.

This doesn't mean, of course, that none of the
Low Clans study roads at the feet of others; many

= PLAYING'

La
ERTWO-
ECOW CLANS -

HAP!
THI

More Asout LONERS
fl; stated previously, the loner archetype
QE fine, so longas you don't take it to extreme:
our character can want tobe alone all he likes, so long
as you've provided some means for the Storyteller to
involve him in spite of his desire for solitude. (Presum-
ably, it's only your character, and not you, who desires
solitude, or else why are you playing?)

The survival instinct makes a wonderful
means for dragging e tCainite
into a group. Most vampires who shun the pres-
ence of their fellows tend to feel that they're
better able to survive on their own. Maybe they're

n the most retic

supremely confidant in their own abilities, or
maybe they feel that the dangers of Cainite
politics outweigh the risk of starvation at the
ing
in the wild. Once your character has been shown
otherwise — and believe us, a good Storyteller
will have no problem showing you that your
character is far from safe — he's got a valid reason
to seek the company of others without violating
the character's integrity.

edge of town or the more tangible threats lurl

Obviously the old "common goal" or "com-
mon enemy" bit works well for bringing loners into
the fold as well, and often servesas the basis around
which an entire coterie congregates. Of course, if
your Storyteller chooses this method, you're some-
what stuck once the goal has been attained or the
gathered for a
specific purpose, why stay together afterwards?

threat surmounted. If the coterie

Work with your Storyteller on this. Perhaps,
having worked together, your characters real
how much they can accomplish if they cooperate.
Perhaps they've realized they're safer together
than apart. Or perhaps your character has simply
found that he prefers companionship, however
untrustworthy it might be, to the loneliness that
afflicts so many of the fallen. Whatever the case,
so long as you're all willing to be cooperative (as
players, ifnot as characters), you should always be
able to find ways to keep the coterie together
once it's established. And that, of course, leaves
your Storyteller free to plan better stories, with-
out having to worry about how he's going to drag

the Gangrel back into town this time.

ashen priests do, in fact, hail from the Low Clans. It
simply means that such deliberate studies are less
common among the Low than the High, who often
in such activities purely for the status attached

engagi
to them.


Perhaps the most common epiphany experienced
in recent nights is the sudden realization, regardless of
toad, that the Low Clans may not be as powerless or
inferioras the High Clans have always maintained. As
more and more fallen Cainites attain real power, as
the War of Princes lays low the old lords and opens up
room for new ones, the low-blooded have begun to
realize that they are as well-suited to fill those vacan-
cies as anyone else.

Other moments of truth may come when a fallen
Cainite suddenly becomes aware of the truly deplor-
able state to which she's been reduced. A Nosferatu
dwelling in a filthy sewer or a Gangrel subsisting on
rats and crows might, for instance, observe that even
most impoverished kine live better than they, and
realize that they can be — that they should be — more
than they are. Others, particularly those on the Roads
of the Beast or of Sin, might experience the same
revelation in reverse. If they are forced to exist as
something other than human, why should they insist
on acting human?

Fallen Cainites find moments of truth in the
ordinary and the routine. Some of the fallen are far
from home, others are physically or mentally different
from the kine and other Cainites both, and others still
are simply hated and feared by everyone around them,
but all of them are isolated in some shape, form or
fashion. Perhaps the most powerful moment, then, for
a Nosferatu on the edge of town, a homeless wander-
ing Ravnos or a scheming Setite, is simply the
understanding that they're not alone. The discovery
that others e:
the

ist and thrive in the same conditions
do, that others have developed a routine to make
existence easier the way mortals do, that the behavior

of others is not nearly so alien as their appearance or
their needs — this, fora fallen Cainite, can be farmore
powerful than any revelation from on high.

Coteries

Why do the fallen band together with one an-
other or, even more unusually, with High Clan
Cainites? Surely the Cainites' lack of capacity for trust
or true affection, combined with the difficulties and
competition inherent in night-to-nightsurvival amidst
the dregs of society, should inspire the vast majority of
Low Clan Cainites to dwell, hunt and move alone,
should it not?

The truth is, few Cainites are truly loners. Nearly all
of them have reason, atsome point in their unlives, to be
glad for the presence of a companion or two. Followers
of the Road of Humanity seek solace and support through

——————

the kine themselves do. Those on the
Road of Heaven seek allies in fulfilling the will of God,
or else take some small comfort in sharing their penance
with others who understand. Cainites who would be
kings require allies to stand against their enemies, and
loyal servants to smooth their way to the throne. Walk
ers on the Road of Sin ally with others, if only to achieve
common goals and to provide mutual protection. Even
the Road of the Beast, which advocates self-reliance,
allows for coteries; many predators understand the value

community, just

of pack behavior. Many hunters working together can
bring down prey and survive threats that one working
alone, however skilled or powerful, cannot.

Low Clan Coteries

When the fallen congregate by choice, as opposed
to being forced together by sudden unforeseen cit
cumstances, they tend to gather in groups of theif
own. Even if the first cursed were willing to work and
socialize with them
certainly are not

and in many cases, they most
the high-blooded frequently treat
members of the Low Clansas servants and inferiors,an
attitude that often alienates the fallen in question

Low Clan Cainites might gather for any number
of reasons. In regions dominated and most heavily
populated by the High Clans, joining a coterie maybe
the only safe option for a fallen Cainite. When out'
numbered so severely, any allies are preferable tononé
at all. Alternatively, in those regions where the Low
Clans dominate, either politically or simply in terms
of numbers, a lone Cainite might be unable to come
pete for blood or territory. Sharing an area with three
or four coterie-mates may be frustrating, but one
quarter of something is still, by definition, quite a bit
larger than all of nothing.

The Low Clans may also gather to ward off outside
threats other than their fellow Cainites, such as Lupines
or inquisitors. More Cainites means more eyes to spot
approaching danger, more swords or claws to ward itoff
and, if worst comes to worst, more chances for escape
while erstwhile companions are being staked or tom to
shreds. As the old hunter's maxim states, "I don't have
to outrun the bear, I just have to outrun my friend."

Some coteries assemble on a (presumably) tem:
porary basis with a fixed objective in mind. These
assemblages often have a much wider variety of par
ticipants than a coterie that intends to hang together
in the long term, as competing objectiv
hostilities can often be suppressed on a short-term
basis if the coterie's goal is sufficiently important.
Sometimes, coteries that assemble for a specific pur
pose of thissort wind up remaining together afterwards

sent


for the reasons of mutual protection and survival
discussed above. More often, however, the group
fractures after their goal is accomplished — or when it
becomes clear they'll fail to accomplish it, or some
imply because thing
Jainites go their separate ways.

are taking too long —and

Even with specific goals in mind, fallen Cainites
tend to gather with other fallen, rather than with
High Clan companions. This is partly due to the
mistrust, contempt and dislike often felt between the
two castes. Mostly, however, it's because Low Clan
Gainites tend to have more goals in common with
each other than with the first cursed, and because
they're most frequently in physical proximity with
one another and not with the High Clans. Opportu-
hity, as always, is everything.

Within those clans who maintain (or attempt to
Maintain) a degree of cooperation within their own
tanks —such as the Assamites, the Tremere and, toa
lesser extent, the Nosferatu — Cainites might form a
single-clan coterie. Although such a group might
Occasionally remain together for the long term, work-
ing their way up through the ranks in cooperation
with one another, they're more frequently formed for

a specific purpose or at the behest of a clan elder who
s them to fulfill some specific task. Assamite
warriors, for example, will occasionally band together
to hunt a target too dangerous for any one to handle,

nee

whereas the Tremere are often forced to cooperate
simply because they lack outside alliances.

Mixed Coteries

Far rarer than coteries consisting solely of Low
Clan Cainites — or, for that matter, of High Clan
Cainites — mixed groups are nevertheless encoun-
sing) frequency. Until
recently, such coteries were almost never formed for

tered with relative (and incre:

the purpose of mutual protection and survival, at least
not in the long term. After all, the threats the fallen
faced ona nightly basis were very different from those
first cursed addressed, and neither group was particu-
larly adept at countering the other's problems. Now,
with the War of Princes raging, the High and Low
field. No
longer is it laughable for the fallen to heavily involve
themselves in politics. No longer is it uncommon for
a High Clan lord or war leader to find herself under an
unrelenting assault that forces her to cooperate with

Clans find themselves on a much more eve


all Cainites in her domain, High and Low alike, to
ward the enemy off.

Not all Cainites are created equal, of course, and
rank and social standing are paramount issues in a
mixed coterie. Unless the situation forces them to do

otherwise, high-blooded Cainites usually assume po-

sitions of leadership in such a group, often refusing to
accept any alternate arrangements even if their stub-
bornness puts the entire coterie at risk. Of course,
many fallen accept this as the way things are. The
most common form of mixed coterie involves a High
Clan Cainite (or several) and their Low Clan agents
and servitors. In these instances, the fallen often (but
certainly not always) serve as bruisers, spies and body-
guards while the first cursed lead the group and handle
most of the political and social interaction.

If a domain has fallen to an enemy or recently
been subject to a coup, Cainites of all clans and castes
might be forced to work together simply to survive the
new regime. Because the former lord and his advisors
and agents are particular targets, they must rely on any
allies they can gather. Furthermore, joining with Low
Clan Cainites is a wise tactical move, since the new
prince is unlikely to look for them among the peas-
antry. Of course, the Low Clans gain from this as well,
for even a deposed prince is still an ally to be reckoned
with. They might even be anxious to help, if the new
tuler is even worse or more oppressive than the old. If
nothing else, the fallen can now call in several boons
from those first cursed whom they've helped

Even in more stable domains, High and Low
Cainites sometimes ally simply because each has some-
thing to offer the other, with no extenuating factors.
A Nosferatu who seeks to carve out her own power
base in a society that largely dismisses her because of
her pedigree needs an ally in the courts, one who can
grant her access to the nobility and speak on her
behalf. If an ambitious Lasombra is, at that time, in
particular need of a source of information on the
activities of his own rivals, an alliance can only
benefit them both. Assamites who intend to remain in
the West for a great length of time often develop
working relationships with local first cursed, trading
favors and tasks for knowledge of local customs
Cainite and kine both — and the occasional bit of
political protection. And many Tremere, of course,
are actively looking for any opportunity to insinuate
themselves into the ranks of the elite, even if it means
acting as servants — for now. Hated as they are, few
lords with full awareness of Clan Tremere's mystical
abilities are willing to completely write off their po-
tential as allies

Only very rarely do the Low Clan members of
a coterie dominate the others. When this does
occur, it's usually because the High Clan Cainites
involved are currently dwelling in one of the few
regions firmly under the thumbs of the fallen. In
the Holy Land or certain regions of the Slavic East,
for instance, the castes are reversed, and the Low
Clans — Assamites and Tremere in the above
examples — reign supreme. Low Clan princes rarely
treat their high-blooded subjects as poorly as the
first cursed in most regions treat the fallen, simply
because they know that doing so may earn them
some very powerful enemies from just over the
border. Still, that doesn't mean they're going to.g0
easy on the first cursed of their domains, and many
fallen lords take every opportunity to extract some
measure of revenge for the treatment their breth
ren receive at the hands of the High Clans. In sueh
locales, Brujah, Cappadocians and Toreador maj
struggle to survive, just as Nosferatu and Raynosdo
in Western Europe — and they'll often join with
any fallen allies they can gather just to ensure that
they're not truly alone.

The Language Barrier

The Low Clans contain a widely diverse popula
tion, and they hail from all corners of the civilized
(and not so civilized) world. Most inhabitants of the
Dark Medieval, Cainite orkine, tend to remain within
their home territories. Travel is dangerous, to say
nothing of expensive. In such instances, language
isn'ta problem, since everyone raised ina given region
almost certainly speaks the same dialect.

Then again, many Cainites do travel, or interact
with those who have come from afar. Maybe they
wander in search of their own territories. Perhaps
they're traveling at the behest of their sire, or some
other elder whom they serve. Maybe duty to clan or
religion takes them into lands far from home, or they
simply prefer the nomadic lifestyle. When these
Cainites interact with one another even occasionally,
they often have substantial difficulties overcoming
the language barrier. When Cainites from different
regions gather together in a coterie, the problems
multiply drastically.

How, then, should you and your fellow players
work to solve any linguistic difficulties you may havel
After all, if the coterie consists of an Assamite newly
come from the Holy Land, a gypsy Ravnos, a French
Nosferatu and a Hungarian Tremere, your character
may be completely unable to speak to any of his

"a
ay

"PLAYERS. GUIDE TO -
"THELOW CLAN =


companions. (One might also wonder how they came
together, but that's the Storyteller's problem.)

The easiest solution, of course, is simply to ensure
thatat least some members of the coterie have a few dots
inLinguistics, enabling them to translate for those who
cannot speak directly to one another. This works, butit's
Notalways feasible, since you really ought to have a good
reason why your French character speaks Arabic. Fur-
thermore, in stressful or combat situations, the delay
required for translation can be fatal

Also, let's be honest. It's fun to roleplay an
inability to communicate for a bit, but after a while
being unable to talk to your fellow players in char-
acter can get irksome.

IPsnot all that hard to learn a language when one
is immersed in it. If most of the coterie speaks a
language that one character doesn't, only a few months
Of game time should really be required before the
foreigner can spend experience to increase his Lin-
@uistics. The process takes a bit longer when he's
learning a language that only a few people around him
are speaking, but it still should require relatively little
"eal" time before you can spend your experience.
Bither way, it's a useful expenditure, since the only
other options are trying to find acommon language or
extended miming.

Or, of course, one might try Auspex. The Steal
Secrets power does not allow instant communica-

tion across a language barrier — most people do
tend to think at least partially in words, and there-
fore in their native language. However, because

people also think in images and emotions, Steal
Secrets is useful in learning a language, as it enables
the Cainite to see what images and feelings are
attached to a specific term or phrase. In game terms,
4Cainite able to remain in frequent and regular
mental contact with someone from whom she's
attempting to learn a language should be able to
spend experience points to learn that tongue in a
matter of wee
character learning only a single language, this might
not be enough to justify raising her Linguistics

s, perhaps even days. Of course, if a

score, as the higher levels of Linguistics involve
multiple tongues. In such instances, your Story-
teller might allow your character to learn the
language purely through time and roleplaying, with-
out requiring any expenditure of experience.

Culture Clash

Of course, your characters' inability to under-
stand one another might stem from more than merely
linguistic troubles. A Catholic Tremere on the Road
of Kings is going tocleave toa very different worldview
than a Norse Gangrel on the Road of the Beast. These
sorts of conflicts, and even enmities, can result in a
coterie's inability to decide on a course of action, or
even in inter-character violence if taken to extremes.

A character's societal rank in mortal life may also
impact his ability to interact with other Cainites. The
Low Clans may occupy the bottom caste in Cainite
society, but if a Setite or Malkavian Embraces a
nobleman, who is more than likely accustomed to
giving orders, he's not going to suddenly begin defer-
ting to others. This can cause many interpersonal
difficulties, particularly if the noble-turned-fallen
Cainite displays these attitudes toward high-blooded
members of the coterie (or simply High Clan residents
of the domain).

Cultural clashes and personal conflict make for
fascinating stories and roleplaying, but only up to a
point. The desire to play your character with all her
societal baggage and prejudices is an admirable one,
but remember that the point is for all concerned to
have fun. If your character's issues are making it
absolutely impossible to cooperate with the others, or
if your conflicts are making the other ple
able, it's time to either tone the character down or
bit less alienating. This
isn't to say you should meet your coterie-mates in a
tavern and immediately become fast friends. Some of
the most interesting characters despise one another.
Just be willing to put those hatreds aside, and allow the
characters to develop through roleplaying; just be-
cause you hate someone now doesn't mean you still
will after working together for weeks on end.

yers miser-

replace her with someone 2



HAPCER..CHREE:
BROTHERS OF A
DIFFEREN
BLOOD

From the one crime r ize them all as culprit

— Virgil, Aeneid bk. 2, 1.65

Even the low-blooded have further to fall. Many of the Clans
of Caine spawn aberrations, vampires whose powers and frailties
do not correspond to their parent lineage. In most cases, these sad
creatures perish, but sometimes they persist, forming bloodlines

In this chapter, we discuss these bloodlines. The basic infor-
mation presented in the Dark Ages Storytellers Companion (pp.
7-19) is not repeated in full (although parts of it are necessarily
paraphrased) nor are any new templates or bloodlines presented.
Also note that the Lamia are not discussed in this volume; as an
offshoot of the Cappadocians, they are addressed in the Players
Guide to the High Clans.

What you will find is a more detailed description of the
bloodlines' mythologies, their beliefs about themselves and the
nature of their condition. Also included are notes on how, as a


player, you can take full advantage of the bloodlines'
unique attributes and social positions. These notes
include suggestions on how minor clan characters can
fit into a coterie or chronicle, how they might de-
velop, what roads they might follow (and what
moments of truth they may experience) and so on.

Finally, this chapter includes a discussion on just
what separates a bloodline from a clan, why blood-
lines come about and why they're allowed to survive.
A number of clans are discussed in more detail;
specifically, we examine why the Gangrel create so
many bloodlines, the nature of the Malkavian and
Nosferatu broods who share similar madness or defor-
mities, and the relationship between the three castes
that make up the Assamite clan.

Anda

The Mongols are ready to strike Europe like a
wind from the East. They are not poised like a dagger;
they are gathering their strength like a warrior hefting
a cudgel. In only a few short years they will terroriz
Europe; but in truth, the first rains of the storm that is
to follow have already fallen.

The Anda, a Gangrel bloodline derived from the
Mongols, roam the night and are already treading the
hidden paths and forgotten byways of Europe. The
pull of their blood keeps them wandering, and the call
of their culture keeps them from growing over-fond of
the Western lands, but one thing is certain: They
spread terror in the night as surely as their mortal
brethren spread it in the day

The Children of Dobrul

The Anda do not claim descent from Caine
Rather, their myths speak of a terrible battle between
the demon bandits of Xia and the children of the Earth
Mother, Itiigen. The Sky Father Tengri, her husband,
fled the battle after being wounded, and Dobrul the
Brave led Itiigen's children in his mother's defense.

A Xia shaman called down the sky's vengeance
upon Dobrul — a huge ball of fire from the clouds.
Fearing him dead, Itiigen and her surviving children
fled to the West

But Dobrul was not dead. The fireball drove him
deep into the earth, where the shaman's curse worked its
magic. When he awoke, Dobrul craved mortal blood
and feared the sun — he had become undead, and he
passed his new curse on to others. These vampires call
themselves the Anda, a Mongol word that translates as

"blood brother," stressing both the bloodline's appetite
for blood and their common purpose.

The Anda's common purpose is their continuing
war with enemies to the east and south. This war helps
propel the Anda north and west into Europe. The lands
tothe east and south are the provinces of the Tatar Beast
Court, a fearsome alliance of the Xiong Ren. These
"fierce people" are neither man nor beast but are able to
wear the skin of either, and even adopt other forms that
combine the most savage attributes of both. They regard
the Anda as abominations to be destroyed whenever
they are discovered. The Anda and the Xiong Ren do
not often encounter each other, but when they do the
usual result is combat to the death.

The Wan Kuei of the Middle Kingdom are an-
other matter entirely. These "vampires" are in fact
spirits of the damned who have fought or tricked their
way out of whatever hell their mortal life assigned
them to, and who feed on the life force (which they
call "chi") of mortals. With bizarre supernatural abili-
ties, including that of sensing the presence of the
Anda no matter how carefully they are concealed, the
Wan Kuei empire—the Black Tortoise Court—rules
the Jin, Xixia and Song plains. Using the Tatar tribe
as mortal cat's-paws, they harry the Mongols and their
Anda parasites.

"Fall Upon the Enemy Like a Falcon"

The words of Genghis Khan neatly encapsulate
the Anda's attitude toward their enemies. They uste
ally travel with their yasun (extended mortal family),
sometimes openly. Mongol culture is pragmatic atits
core and most yasun appreciate the power of the Anda
for the advantages it brings.

When a mortal is to be Embraced, the would-be site
calls a meeting, or kuriltai, where the qualities of the
mortal are debated. If the kuriltai agrees, the mortal is
abducted, Embraced and ritually washed (a Mongol
funeral rite), signifying his separation from the mortal
world.

The neonate is then left to his own devices ford
year, during which time he faces many tests from his
Anda brethren (female Anda do exist, but are very
rare). If he passes these tests, the neonate is accepted
as a fully-fledged member of the bloodline.

The Anda's continuing fight with the Xia De
mons (in the shape of the Xiong Ren and the Wan
Kuei) demands constant readiness and constant mo-
tion; the bloodline's weakness forces them to maintain
anomadic lifestyle. After spending three nights within
the same one-mile area, the Anda suffers weakness

LAYERS GUIDE TO -


that quickly leads to torpor (see sidebar). This perver-
sion of their mortal counterparts' nomadic lifestyle
has driven some Anda deep into Western Europe
Venturing forth, usually alone (a band of Mongols
would find it extremely difficult to travel unnoticed in
Aquitaine or even the Carpathians), they stalk the
nights in search of prey. But in their undead hearts,

ANDA

Sobriquet: Tartars

Disciplines: Animalism, Fortitude, Protean
Weakness: Develop one animalistic feature as
the Gangrel weakness, but after 10 frenzies.
For each day after the third that an Anda
sleeps within the same one-mile area, all dice
pools are halved (toa minimum pool of one).

they know their fate is to roam the steppes, protecting
the children of Itiigen from the demons.

To this end, most Anda follow the Path of the
Nomad. Some few follow the Road of the Beast proper
orits other offshoots (typically the Path of the Hunter).

Playing an Unda

If you want to play one of the Anda, you and your

Storyteller may have to make a few adjustments and
keep a few considerations in mind. Overall the Anda
are relatively chronicle-friendly if played with a little
forethought.

Character Development

The Long Night is over. The War of Princes has
begun, and the Low Clans are rising. Chaos threatens
and the nature of Cainite society is changing. The


mighty may be brought low and the low raised up high.
It is a dangerous, exciting time, full of opportunities
for those bold enough to seize them.

The Anda care little for such conflicts. The
fates of Cainite princes and the outcomes of their
petty squabbles are of no interest, nor is the estab-
lishment of secure domains in Europe. What good
is fixed territory to a nomad?

Above all, it is a time for the Anda to feed on
the chaos and fear that is erupting, and to prepare
for the coming of the Golden Horde (which turns
its attention westward in AD 1235 and withdraws
in 1242). Forging alliances is of some use, but
creating instability and weakness is likely to be
more profitable (and far more satisfying).

Thus, when it comes to spending experience
and developing your character, increased physical
power (Attributes and Disciplines) is always a use-
ful choice. So too are Abilities (especially
Knowledges and Talents) that will help your char-
acter understand and defeat the Europeans.

The Anda accord power and status only to
those strong enough to take them, and as such they
attach no stigma to diablerie. A noyan (chief) or
khan (king) only rules with the consent of the
ruled. Any Anda may call a kuriltai and challenge
the current noyan or khan. The challenged leader
decides the nature of the contest, but it is usually
fatal to the loser and is always designed to disad-
vantage the challenger. Afterall, the current leader
is under no obligation to make it easy for an upstart
to challenge his authority, and if the challenger
cannot defeat the ruler where he is strongest, he is
not worthy to take his place.

To advance along his road or path, your char-
acter must experience and learn from a moment of
truth. For the Anda, experiences and events that
stem from another's static existence, such as watch-
ing a vicious fight for domain, are an excellent
source of such insight, as they demonstrate the folly
of becoming overly attached to any specific patch
of ground. A Tartar may also learn much from
observing the rigid hierarchies of the Cainites, as
they are a stark contrast to the more egalitarian
(but equally brutal) society of the Anda. Conflicts
driven by the desire for social advancement exem-
plify this difference. Watching another character
fight to gain the favor of a prince, or to undermine
the position of a hated rival at court, should fasci-
nate any Anda character and provide ample
opportunity to experience a moment of truth.

thin the Coteri¢

The general inclination of most Anda is to roam
the night alone, or in the company of their yasun:
They consider the Cainites of Europe to be soft and
weak, although some exceptional individuals have
demonstrated their strength and courage.

Despite their brutal culture, the Anda are not
mindless savages. Many are quite curious about the
strange ways of their western counterparts and for that
reason alone may join a coterie. Others, of a mote
cunning bent, are attempting to learn as muchas they,
can about European culture. The great Genghis Khan,
once told his followers to "watch with the vigilanceof
an old wolf," and this is sound advice for all Anda

Your character should judge others by their cour
age and strength. The social distinctions that are 8
pervasive among the Cainites of Europe, such as the
distinction between the High and Low Clans, mean'
nothing to the Anda. The Anda prefer to judge othey
by their actions; they understand hierarchies butstill
expect everyone who has something to contribute to
a plan or discussion to be heard and their suggestions
considered. Note that this is not because they hold
mocratic ideals of inclusion and discussion, but
rather because they are pragmatic enough to under
stand that when survival is at stake (as it so often isfor
the Anda) there is no room to stand on ceremony,

The closest any Anda come to swearing fealty to
another is to become néker to another Cainite. A
vampire becomes néker when he swears loyalty toa
worthy leader. This individual is called the noyan
(chief) or khan (king), depending on his individual
might. This is not a strict master/servant relationship.
Rather, it is an acceptance of the leadership of an
other, on the condition of good leadership — essentially
designating a leader to be "first among equals."

It is possible, but certainly not required or even
likely, that your Anda character will establish this
relationship with another character. It can, however,
be a rewarding role-playing experience. The qualities
the Anda look for in a leader are sound judgment and
physical courage. It is entirely feasible to establisha
noker relationship with a fellow player's Nosferatu or
Malkavian, despite the fact that another players
Lasombra is the leader of your coterie. Your character
should decide who to respect and who to follow based
solely on his own judgment of who is worthy of loyalty
and respect.

It'salso worth noting that for most Europeans, the
Mongols are viewed as bogeymen, as were the Vikings

PLAYERS GUIDE TO -

n
a

earn


Man earlier time. This means that your character
ieeds to exercise a degree of circumspection in intro-
dictions, and may need to offer nervous princes binding
@surances. Even then, many will simply not tolerate
the presence of a Mongol warrior in their domain.
Unless you're keen to play a coterie's secret weapon in
aHigh Clan, intrigue-heavy game, an Anda character
Will most likely work best in a mixed group, or a group
composed entirely of the fallen.

Where to Find More Information
The Anda are described in detail in Wind from
the East. They are mentioned (briefly) in Road of the

Beast, which also describes the Path of the N6mady

Gargoyles

The Gargoyles presenta number of unique chal-
Ienges to a player who wants to,take on the taskiof
Playing one. Not only are they slaves, they are forthe
most part willing slaves who follow the ordétsof their
Masters without question. Some few haye eseaped the
mental andphysical prison of CeoriSand the Tremere,
and if anything this freedom has brought'them more
danger and less certainty. But the,rewards for playing
one of the Abominations (in the right chronicle) can
fegreat, and the possibilityis Well worth considering:

Here There Be Monsters

The Gargoylés are under no illusions about their
origin and purpose. They have no need of myths =
they know they were created to serve their mastets)
the Tremere. The Gargoyles are neither living nor
dead, neither mortal nor Cainite — their masters see
them simply as tools. Useful, dangerous tools capable
of (limited) thought, but*tools nonetheless.

The Gargoyles' sole creatoris the Tremere witch
Virstania. Virstania has spent her entire life (and
tnlife) within.the Clan and was Embraced (in her
mid-30s) in AD L1 11. Goratrix, one of Ceoris' founders
anda staunch andruthless defender of the clan, took
note of her experiments with hybrid creatures and bid
hertocreate a race of séry
tothe Usurpers. Her experiments on captured Cainites
soon bore fruit.

nts with unswerving loyalty

The Gargoyles as a species are Aware of their
artificial nature, but it does not seem to botherithem:
They are of low intelligence and utterly loyal to their
masters, especially Virstania, whom they obey (some

would say worship) as their "Great Mother."

GARGOYLES

Sobriquet: Abominations, Watchdogs
Disciplines: Special (see Dark Ages Story-
tellers Companion, p. 49)

Weakness: Willpower pool is reduced by
two when resisting Dominate or other mind-
control magics.

Some Gargoyles, as they age, begin to have un-
comfortable thoughts abour freedom and begin to
question the purpose of their existence. Tales are told
About a colony of Gargoyles that is free of the Tr
control, led by a creature known only as "the Rock
Lord." The conditioning that keeps them loyal, how-
ever, is very strong, and for every Abomination that

mere's

éven attempts to escape, a dozen do not.

As aresult, the Gargoyles' outlook on the world is
simple. The dictates of the Tremere must be obeyed,
even ifitmeans death. Virstania, the Great Mother, has
created her children to serve, so serve they must. Among
themselves, the Abominations are gentle, even affec-
tionate. They do not fight with each other and derive
great comfort from the proximity of their fellows.

Those few who have escaped have a somewhat
different perspective. Their main goal is to free other
Gargoyles ftom their servitude and to bring them to
freedom. Some have begun to ponder the future of
their) race, for reproduction is difficult and the few
childer, that aréyproduced usually die within a few
years. Not being true Cainites, they are unable to pass
along, Caine's Curseand they cannot confer immor-
tality upon their childer (in very rare circumstances,
the creation rituals that create Gargoyles result in true
Cainites, but these creatures aré most certainly the
éxceptions to the rule). This leads them to have a
somewhat gloomy and hopeless outlook on their ex-
istence. It also leads them to fight harder to free more
of their brethren.

Playing aGargoyle

There's no*point in mincing words: playing a
Gargoyle isa tough task. The Tremere treat them like
the Slaves they are, andthe rest of Cainite society
treats them like dafigerous animals — best to put them
down, justin case.

Character D

Development

Developing a Gargoyle character is difficult. The
Storyteller may decide to restrict the availability of


new Gargoyle powers, requiring magical intervention
togain them. This, of course, is great fodder for stories.

most Gargoyles receive little in the way of educa-
tion, you might want to spend some experience on
Knowledges and Skills, to represent your character's
growing understanding of the world. Maturation points
are most likely to be spent on improving Attributes or
Discipline powers, as it's difficult for Gargoyles to gain
Backgrounds.

Most Gargoyles follow the Road of the Beast. Not
only does it reflect a primal relationship to the Beast,
it actually accords well with most Abominations'
understanding of their true natures and their outlooks
on the world. A very few Gargoyles follow othérréads
— primarily the Roads of Heaven and Sif but as
these roads require a degree of education to"really
comprehend, and a religious perspective on matters of
life and death, they are most uncommon. Quite-apart
from the degree of abstract thinking needed to com-
prehend these other roads, it is neatly impossible for
any Abomination to gain the necessary instruction;
only the "rot" roads (of Humanity and the Beast) can
be self-taught.

As always, advancemenvalong a road is depen-
dent on experiencing moments of truth: Rising above
one's bestial nature, or succumbing tot, is always an
educational experience. A Gargoyle might suffer pangs
of remorse for killing‘n innocent, or experience an
epiphany if it somehow assists a worthy individuals
The fight against the Tremere is another rich source
of moments of truth, as the character will most defi-
nitely be faced with demands that it submit to the
authority of another. A number of responses to such
demands are possible, all of whiéh should have' a
strong impact on your charaeter's psyche.

Role Within the Coterie

The War of Princes has changed many things in
Cainite society and things are, generally speaking,
"looser" than they haye been for centuries as open war
between princes and factions begins in earnest. This
makes ita little easier to playa Gargoyle. Three simple
options for such characters include; playing a servant
to another (Tremere) character; playitiga member of
amixed coterie containingno Tremere; an all-Abomi-
nation chronicl

Playing a Gargoyle in service to another player's
character is probably the easiest for your Storyteller
and fellow players to manage. A good rapport with the
player of your Tremere master is vital, but there's still
plenty of scope for enjoyable gaming. After all, the
willful servant isastaple of many genres of fiction. The

Tremere character needs to give your Gargoyle some
degree of independence and allow it to develop rel
tionships with the other coterie members. If youl
character is kept on too short a leash, you might fink
ita little harder to get a share of time in the spotlight
That said, however, Gargoyles were designed and
created specifically for the purpose of being servants
A servile Gargoyle is likely bound in a blood oathiti
addition to the magical conditioning that the Trem
force on all such creatures; quite apart from limiting
role-playing, however, this can provide a unique chile
lenge,\if the requisite level of trust exists betwee
players.

Playing an independent Gargoyle is probably tig
hardest. approach, because Gargoyles are simply not
accepted by the rest of Cainite society as anything
more than monsters that serve the Tremere. Youll
need roestablish (most likely in a prelude) the nature
of your character's relationship with the rest of coterie
‘perhaps it helped a member or members of the
coterie out of trouble and thus demonstrated its wort
to them. But even if you can come up witha plausible
rationale for being included in a coterie of Cainitey
Cainite society at large still views Gargoyles as the
shock troops of the Usurpers, which means youl
Character may spend a lot of time hiding and nop
interacting with other characters in the story. Discus
this option with your Storytellerand the other playes
first

Playing a coterie of Gargoyles is a unique wayt
expetience the Dark Medieval. Perhaps your coterié
escaped together from Georis or some other chantry
and is now searching for the Rock Lord. Or perhaps
they've found the Rock Lord and are trying to free
their still-enslaved brethren. Conversely, perhaps the
coterie is still fighting for the Tremere, striking againg
the Tzimisce or the Usurpers' other' enemies. Thé
options for.playing.a group of Abominations at
many, and if your Storyteller is willing to run suchd
game, it would have the potential to tell stories off
noble or tragi¢ bent

Whatever option you settle on, a few thing
remain constant. High Clan Cainites, for the mos
part, want.to"destroy Gargoyles as aberrations; #
Tzimisce might be willing to spare a Gargoyle's hide
but only long enough to remove it. Low Clan Cainitel
might be a little more accepting — except for thé
Gangrel and Nosferatu, who will most likely wantit
destroy any Gargoyles they meet, given their Clang
unwilling role in the creation of the Abominationy
(provided that the Leper or Animal in question even
knows that Gargoyles exist, much less how they came

Ve a

RSGUIDE TO +

< fF:

tobe
of th
the

diffiv

not,

stam
servi
"sell
surv
an i
crea

XS)

on!
Age
info
ant
dot
the:

the

tior
of i
the
Tre


some
rela-
your
t find
light.
and
‘ants.
th in
mere
iting
hal-
veen

y the

not
hing
ou'll
ture
terie
the
orth
ible
ites,
the
‘our
not
uss

yers

ito

be). The key word for any Gargoyle is survival, both
ifthe individual and (for those who can conceive it)
the bloodline as a whole. But this is an extremely
difficult task.

Thedifficulty stems from the fact that Gargoyles are
Mi strictly speaking, Cainites at all, but rather a race of
Magical constructs. That doesn't mean they can't be
ieetul, and there are certainly some princes who under-
Sand the advantages of having a Gargoyle as a loyal
Mivant and secret weapon. Your character needs to
AGM? itself and its usefulness to others if it wishes to
fivive. Needless to say, any Tremere who encounters
Mindependent Gargoyle will not rest until the errant
treature has been destroyed or captured.

Where to Find More Information

There are two important sources of information
on the Gargoyles. The first is, of course, the Dark
Ages Storytellers Companion, which gives the basic
information on the creatures. Gargoyles are unique for
dnumber of reasons, one of which is the fact that they
donot possess and cannot learn Disciplines. Instead,
they have special powers, detailed on pages 49 — 53 of
the that volume.

The other important reference on the Abomina-
tions is House of Tremere. This volume has a wealth
(information on the Gargoyles, including details of
their creation and living quarters in Ceoris, Clan
Tremere's home chantry; a description of Virstania,
mother of the Gargoyles; information on several im-
portant Abominations and bizarre hybrid creations;
and finally, the malign humors (special infusions that
temporarily grant Gargoyles additional abilities).

Laibon

Few European Cainites have met a Laibon, but
many have heard of them. These mysterious travelers
from the far reaches of Africa occasionally venture
north, telling stories and bringing warnings and strange
customs with them. They are among the most exotic
ofthe bloodlines, and one of the few that is unlikely
tobe threatened by the advance of Christianity.

Scions of the Gpirits

The Laibon are shamans, philosophers and story-
tellers, claiming vast territories in the sub-Saharan
regions of Africa. Even though they are fiercely terri-
forial, it is customary for a young Sphinx to spend
some years traveling the world, gathering tales and
wisdom, before returning to Africa to claima territory.

The Laibon, like the Anda, do not trace their
lineage back to Caine, but rather to more ancient and
potent creatures. They claim to be the scions of spirits,
descended from Kamiri wa Itherero. The progeny of
an ancient Gangrel (Fakir al Sidi) who taught his
childe the magics of blood and earth and spirit, Kamiri
wa Itherero is the Sphinxes' spiritual father and the
founder of their bloodline.

The Laibon understand that they are hunters and
claim to draw power from the sprits of the great
hunting beasts — lions, cheetahs, hawks and so on.
They regard the Beast as the very essence of their
being as hunters, not some inner demon visited upon
them by a vengeful God. This belief is furthered by
their signature Discipline, Abombwe, which gives
them extraordinary control over their own Beasts and
those of others. The tithe in blood that they pay when
using their supernatural powers is, to them, the same
as giving the strongest hunter the choice meat of the
kill; as the Beast is that part of their soul that gives
them theirformidable powers, it is only right that they
make it an offering, rewarding it with an abundance of
what it desires,

Laibon are occasionally met wandering the path-
ways of Europe and the Holy Land, gathering stories
and observing the follies-of their European and E:
ern counterparts. No doubtsome have heard the tales
of Ennoia and Churka (p. 30), and like all good
storytellers, they know.a fine tale when they hear one.
That does not mean, however, that they believe it

Welcome Travelers, Reluctant Guests

The Laibonare one of the few bloodlines not to be
persecuted out of hand by European Cainites: While
the Gangrel are generally hostile to them, most other
Cainites regard them as interesting and exoti¢. This
perception is aided, no doubt, by the fact that Laibon
usually travelalone, are entertaining storytéllers, have
no designs on existing domains and make no secret of
the fact that they will return'to the deserts when their
wanderings are done.

For their part, the frantic scheming and warring of
the Europeans generally fascinates the Laibon. Per-
haps because their own lands are so large and so
sparsely populated, they find it difficult to appreciate
the intense competition for resources when human
prey is so plentiful.

When they return to their homeland, however,
they are as fiercely territorial as any Tzimisce lord and
rarely stray from their domain. Asa lion wanders until
he finds a pride, so does the Laibon wander until ready
to settle.


LAIBON
Sobriquet: Sphinxes
Disciplines: Abombwe, Animalism, Fortitude

Weakness: Every time blood is used, an addi-
tional point is expended.

Playing a Laibon

As mysterious and somewhat well-fayored travel-
ers, playing a Laibon character can be quite enjoyable,
and they usually fit into a chronicle with minimal fuss

Character Development

Laibon travel so that they:can‘experience the world
and gain new stories and. knowledge of customs to help
them through the long periods of isolation they experi-
ence once they claim their own-domains. They also
travel so as to exhaust their urge for exploration and new
experiences. To this end, when developing your charac-
ter, almost anything goes. Laibon are usually intelligent
and often well-learned, so new Knowledges are*€spe-
cially appropriate. You might also consider purchasing
(or increasing) Abilities like Etiquette, Performance,
Survival, Hearth Wisdom and Linguistics, not just be-
cause they are highly useful, but also because the Daibon
enjoy learning
hosts and companions.

about the customs and practices of their

The War of Princes largely passes the Laibon. by,
and their inclination is to stay out of politics if atall
possible. This doesn't mean that they won't become
involved in polities, rather that if they do, it'smost
likely either out of a simple desire to see how mattet$
unfold, or personal loyalty to one or‘ more-of thé
Cainites involved.

During chronicle downtime, a Laibon-is"mére
likely to develop Disciplines and Attributesyas most
lack Backgrounds that,tie them closely t6' European
society. Some Laibon, however, do gain status within
the mainstream of Cainité society. Even though they
are seen as a Low Clan, the obscurity of their origins
and their exotic nature militate against the normal
prejudice to be found in the courts. Bhis frees them to
gain status in the usual ways (brute force aid politics),
if so inclined.

Most Laibon follow the Road of the Beast or one
of its offshoots. They believe themselves to be de-
scended from the spirits of the mightiest hunters and
predators in Africa, so the Paths of the Nomad and the
Hunter are appropriate choices

Moments of truth are triggered by the usual stimul
(see p. 266 of Dark Ages: Vampire), but anumberdh
realizations that may pass other clans by may spark
enlightenment in the Sphinxes. Because the Laibon
do not fear the Beast, and have such control over ity
they learn much from frenzies (either their own of
those of others)

They are also fascinated by the
geographically static existences of most European
Cainites, and often try to engage them in con

orsal
tion about why they make it so easy for their enemies
to find them. These conversations and observations
can trigger moments of intense reflection that reveal
new insights into ways to understand the self and to
survive eternity

Role Within the Coteric

Wirhin ‘a, coterié, a' Laibon' character can filla
numiber of roles»All Laibon are fierce warriors, har
nessing the Beast ‘and fighting with both skill and
savagery: Theit widestravels and experience, not t
mention their usual lack of political connections of
encumbrances, also. serves to make them excellent
saries. Finally, their hunger for
knowledge alsomakessome Sphinxes formidable schol-
arsyeager to exchange arcane lore with their hosts and
comrades.

ambassadors, or.etnis

Laibonare fascinated by etiquette, and they relish
mingling with) High Clan, Cainites. They have @
bizarre affinity with the Tzimisce, perhaps because the
Fiends® mixsof tertitoriality/and' savagery, and their
lovelof etiquette, so closely match the Sphinxes' own.

Thatsaid,theyalso work well with the Low Clans,
whose'gteater ¢loseness to the\Beast helps ease rela
tions.The Gangrel are anothet matter; some hold no
truck-with the myths and:legends of their own clan,
anid-wel€ome.thé Laibon with the same caution they
would any other. Some, however, are determined to
continue theiran¢cient grudge and seek revenge atany
opportunity (which usually means divesting a Laibon
of his head).

Laibon are social chameleons, and rarely take
sides or establish firm alliances in foreign lands. This
can have the downside of leaving'the Sphinx isolated
and without allies. Their penéhant for travel (regard-
less of whether they,follow the Path of the Nomad)
also keeps themimoving. Even when they do decideté
Settle if the one location for an appreciable period of
time, their habit of not taking sides in a conflict can
have disastrous ramifications. Many princes have de-
cided that those who are not with them are against
them, and do not welcome into their domains mysté
rious strangers who are beholden to no one.

Sto
Dis
um

the
are
pas
me

ad
bel
figi
Ca
TO
thi

th
inf
Dr
th
th
tra
lar
ste

bk
ap
we
mi
dw
ha
an

Lr
th
lin
en

bli
sp
pr
vi

ba

tk
on
it,
or
he
an
es
ns
‘al
to

Where to Find More Information

The Laibon are described in the Dark Ages
Storytellers Companion, pp. 12 — 13; their signature
Discipline, Abombwe, is described in the same vol-
ime, pp. 36 — 38.

Lhiannan

Hidden in the last few pagan corners of Europe are
the Lhiannan. Another offshoot of the Gangrel, they
ae the unliving heirs to a rapidly disappearing pagan
past. Their doom seems assured, but that does not
mean they will go quietly into oblivion.

The Crone's Childer

Like a number of bloodlines, the Lhiannan claim
adescent independent of Caine and his childer. They
telieve themselyestobe descended from a mysterious
figure known as "the Crone." A number of Brujalvand
Cappadocian scholars believe that a'similarly myste-
tious figure who appears in the Book of Nod may be
thisancestor, but.the.truth of the matter is unknown.

What is known, to the Lhiannan at least, is that
the Crone gave them power over spirits, and Somehow
infused the bloodline with herown essence. Thus, the
Druids are part Cainite and parespirityand are tied to
their lands by bonds of blood and-ritual. Té keep
themselves strong, the Lhiannan keep alive the old
traditions of blood and sacrifice; ifthey leave their
lands they soon weaken, as the spirits of earth and
stone that sustain them cannot travél with them.

The spirit of the Crone is likewise ‘tied toothe
bloodline; when a new childe is created, she receives
apart of the Crone'sessence. This ha
weakening of the bloodline and reluctance to €reate
manynew childer. Ironically, however, the Lhiannan's
dwindling numbers and decreasing individual power
has led some to create small broods, for bothcompany
and protection.

Caused a general

As guardians of the deep places in the forest, the
Lhiannan strive to keep theirline strong, and to stave off
theadvance of Christianity. Their places of power —ley
lines and other natural confluences of supernatural
energies — are similarly under threat/from mages,
Werewolves, faeries and Tremere. The Druids oftentform
blood cults dedicated to traditions of saerifice and the
spirits of the earth. More importantly, the cult members
provide a ready and willing source of vitae. In isolated
Villages and in moon circles, in hidden glades and on
bald-topped hills, the Lhiannan adorn themselves with

PTER THR

LHIANNAN

Sobriquet: Druids, Barbarians, Savages
Disciplines: Animalism, Ogham, Presence
Weakness: All difficulties to detecta Lhiannan's
nature via Auspex are reduced by. two, and
normal humans are uncomfortable in their pres-
ence. Lhiannan lose one die from all pools per
week (toaminimum pool equal to the character's
Stamina) they spend away from their territory.

runes, surround themselves with mortal followers, and
enact rituals older than Christ

But the Lhiannan can see that the encroachment
of Christianity upon their sacred places is inevitable;
some are now considering the wisdom of engaging
other Cainites in their efforts to protect their do-
mains, pledging loyalty to princeswho will allow them
to Continue their ways unmolested, and seeking alli-
ances with any who will help them in their efforts.

Playing a Lhiannan

The Lhiannan ate a difficult bloodline to adopt as
a character, primarily because of their strong ties to
their home territory. With a little thought, however,
a Druid character can be integrated into almost any
chronicle, adding to it a strand of bloodthirsty cruelty
and a less-refined sensibility

Character Development

As the War of Princes intensifies, Cainites of all
stripes look for advantages and edges tohold over their
tivals. Ogham iSa potent weapon. in any creature's
arsenal, and itis not unknown forLhiannan to bargain
their seryices for protection and guarantees of the
safety of their domains.

Other Lhiannan, especiallysthose who are rela-
tively young, are more curiousabout the world around
them; although they rarely stray far from their terri-
tory, they are keen to engage with.the world, if only to
better protect themselyes from it.

During periods of downtime, therefore, there are
a number of particularly useful purposes for the expe-
tiencé points your character has accrued. Backgrounds
are extremely important to the Druids. Allies, Con-
tacts, Domain, Herd and Influence are crucial for the
protection of any Druid's territory, and Disciplines
(especially Ogham) are an important way to increase
personal power. The principle threat to the Druids is

~ ees

Se


the conversion of the mortals within and around their
domains to the Christian faith; maintaining strong
connections with said mortals is thus a vital survival
tactic.

Status within the bloodline is somewhat more
nebulous than it is within others. The geographical
isolation of the members of the line makes meetings
between them a rare event. Nevertheless, a loose
hierarchy still exists within»the bloodline; mostly
based on age and perceived closeness to the spirit of
the Crone. Status is gained by rriumphing over the
followers of the new religion.and protecting sacted
sites from the supernatural creatures threatening the
Lhiannan's lands:

Most Lhiannan follow of the Road of the Beast; its
simple dictates and uncompromising sa

gery Sitwell
with the Druid's outlook, as does "its veneration, of
sacred sites in the deeps of the wilds. They often play
host to the road's Lorekeepers and Wardens, as their
domains often host sites of interest. to the scholars and

defenders of the road. Feral Gangrel sometimes carry
their clan's grudge against the Lhiannan, but violence
rarely results; challenging a Druid within her domain
isan enterprise fraught with peril. Other Druids follow
the Road of Kings, believing that their bonds with the
spirit world makethem fit to rule over mortals, or'thé
Road of Sin, whose tenets mesh well with theifpen-
chants for bloody ritual and their inherent senses of
superiority over the mortal herd. Lastly, it would be all
but impossible for a Lhiannan to follow the Christian
Road of Heaven, as worshipping the Christian God
would entail a denial of the Druid's basié beliefs and
way of unlife. That said, some do follow a pagan
offshoot of the Road of Heaven (see the Road of
Heaven book for more details).

Role Within the Coteric

If you are trying to integrate a Lhiannan character

into an existing coterie, you'll need to be aware of the
power she wields while in her domain — and her
weakness and vulnerability when outside it. You'll
need your Storyteller's cooperation to tailor events in
the chronicle to make it possible for you to take part.
e's leader, but can
be invaluable when the action of the chronicle takes
place within her territory

likely tobe acote

In terms of relationships with the other members
of a coterie, the most important factor is likely to be
their degree of adherence to any religion or path that
isa threat to your character's beliefs, and their willing-
ness (or otherwise) to accept her practices. This
means that mixing with High Clan Cainites may well

be difficult. Lasombra_in_particular will present @
problem, due to their strong ties with the Catholic
Church. Some Ventrue and Toreador will be enemies
(whether they realize it or not) for the same reason,
Generally speaking, high-blooded Cainites find the
Lhiannan and her customs barbaric in the extreme
and dismiss her as a mere brute for that reason. The
exception isthe Tzimisce, who are likely to appreciate
both the traditionalism and the gruesome nature of
the rites'she enacts.

Relations with Low Clan Cainites are much more
likely tobe cordial — except for those with the
Gangrel} many of whom still bear the bloodline @
gtudge. Tremere, however, might be torn betweena
desire*to present your character as a prize to theit
superiors and» a desire to learn as much mystical
knowledge as possible from her. A cunning Druid may
well try to forge some kind of allianeeto share mystical
knowledge and perhaps even extend a degree of pro

tection or assistance.

Fitting intoa coterie, therefore, requires a degree
of tolerance from both sides, which means that am
important shared mission or goal will go a long way
towards smoothing things over. The barriers of lane
guage and culture may also need to be overcome, a§
more "civi

d" Cainites may not feel comfortable

assOCiating with one who revels so strongly in ancient
practices. For their part, some Lhiannan are disdainful
of the ways of the outside world; these are usually the
elders who perish at the hands of inquisitors. Younger
Druids well understand the value of being able t
interact with, and thus‘exert some control over, the
outside world, and become eager students of the
languag
mains.

and cultures that exist beyond their dor

Where to Find More Information

The Lhiannan and their signature discipline,
Ogham, are described in the Dark Ages Storytellers
Companion, pp. 16-17 and 43 45, respectively. Al
account of the feud between Ennoia and Churkais
given in Libellus Sanguinis 3: Wolves at the Door,
as well as in Chapter One of this book.

Noiad

Wandering the far northern reaches of
Scandinavia, protected by their mortal herds through
out the summer when the sun does not set, the Noiad
are a mystery to the few Cainites who know of their
existence. But even the remoteness of their domains


Maynot be enough to protect them from the schemes
and fears of their southern brethren.

Cainites of the Midnight Gun

The Noiad are an ancient Gangrel bloodline. So
ancient, in fact, that they were the very first Cainites
fenter Europe, thousands of years ago. Their precise
Origins have been forgotten and they themselves no
longer accept the story of Caine as their foundation
myth. For reasons unknown, the bloodline's ancient
ancestors traveled from their birthplaces in Africa and
the Fertile Crescent to Europe. Following the Sami, a
Mortal tribe that continued trekking north, they
feached the furthest reaches of the lands now known
as Norway, Sweden and Finland.

The Noiad believe themselves to be servants of
thevarious pagan gods worshipped by the Sami. Their
duties include protecting the Sami from enemies
(both natural and supernatural) and interpreting the
Gods' messages, as conveyed to them in the Guoussahas
{northern lights),

But like all vampires, the Noiad must drink the
blood of the living to survive, and they must contend
with the Beast. Their unique curse is to be utterly
fliant upon their mortal brethren for survival. The
Noiad are solitary when it comes to relations with
Others of their line. During the three months of
midnight sun — roughly from May to July
Noiad are severely hampered, falling into torpor and

the

fequiring blood regularly. They depend on the mem-
bersof their adopted tribe to wake them and feed them
the blood they require; this requires absolute obedi-
thce from the mortal, absolute trust from the Cainite,
Orboth. Given the fractious and often self-destructive
ature of the Beast, maintaining this relationship
Tequires an enormous effort of will on the part of the
individual Noiad.

The Wanderers are also the interpreters of the
Guoussahas, and their skill at divining the gods' mes-
sages from these displays has cemented their position
Within the Sam{ culture, helping them advise the
tribal elders, predict the movements of the reindeer,
foresee the coming of unusual weather patterns and
divine the arrival of strangers and other threats.

The Noiad believe that they are the guardians of
theirfar Northern domains. Their ancestors desired to
have no part in the Cainite and mortal societies that
Were arising, and the current members of the blood-
line share this deeply isolationist attitude. They are
perfectly content to travel with the Samf, following
the reindeer and accepting their tributes of blood.

Norap
Sobriquet: Wanderers
Disciplines: Animalism, Auspex, Protean
Weakness: Cannot gain sustenance from the

blood of animals, only that of Cainites and
humans.

But even as they protect this ancient culture in
order to preserve the relationships that allow them to
survive the midnight sun, they are slowly destroying
it. The Noiad fear cultural change and so have acted
as a brake on any cultural or technological innova-
tions that might improve, ease or in fact change in any
way the Sam{f way of life. In time, the Wanderers
strangle this unique culture almost to death, even as
their numbers decrease and they are driven from their
lands, either to holdings in the South, or into the arms
of torpor or Final Death.

Playing a Noiad

The Noiad are firmly tied to their land and the
mortals upon it, ina manner similar yet different from
the Lhiannan or Tzimisce. Playing a Noiad is even
more difficult, as they not only refuse to leave their
domains and travel south, but their domains are so
inhospitable and sparsely populated that they are
difficult to find, assuming that another Cainite is even
aware of their existence.

Character Development

However much the Noiad may hunger for isola-
tion and disdain the outside world, the War of Princes
is making its way steadily northwards, as ambitious
Ventrue attempt to extend their domain to the fur-
thest reaches of Europe. Under the cover of the
Church, a small number of Lasombra have also begun
traveling north, bringing their religion with them.

In the face of these developments, the Noiad
are divided. Some maintain that they do not need
to change, that the land and their bonds of blood
with the Samf will protect them. After all,
have survived for thousands of years

they
surely the
followers of the White Christ are no greater threat
than any other they have seen? Others are more
worried, usually those few who wander the south-
ern reaches of the bloodline's territory and who
have heard stories of or, in rare cases, actually met
the monks and inquisitors who are beginning to
tread the white wastes.


In thissituation, leadership is required; an
who protects the Sami, defeats the Christians or
generally preserves the existence of the bloodline as a
whole gains great favor. However, any who attempt to
deal directly with the southerners are viewed with
great suspicion. Any who go so far as to learn the
tongues of their enemies are likely to be seen as mad.
And of course, any who sugs

gest changes to the current
pattern of Noiad existence face destruction as a threat

to that very existence.

This lack of interest in the outside world will even-
tually be the Noiad's undoing, but for now, those who
wish to rise in the eyes of their fellows had best concen-
trate on preserving the secrecy of the bloodline and not
suggest any changes to its traditional ways. Thus, the
most useful things for any Noiad to know or have are
those that relate directly to their survival. Abilities like
Leadership, Animal Ken, Survival, Hearth Wisdom and
Occult prove useful. Protean is crucial, if only for the
Interred in the Earth ability. Backgrounds that relate to
a Wanderer's mortal tribe are perhaps the most impor-
tant of all. The Noiad are utterly dependent upon the
loyalty (if not the goodwill) of mortals for their survival
The Samf are the Wanderers' most important resource
and, as for any nomad, they are the equivalent of a
domain. Anything that increases the strength of the
tribe pays dividends.

Most Noiad follow either the Road of the Beast
or its offshoot, the Path of the Nomad. Their belief
system lends them a very simple understanding of
their condition. A very few Noiad follow the Road
of Humanity. Note that these are "root roads," as
the Samfare a nomadic culture focused on survival
and hunting, with little time to debate philosophi-
cal niceties.

Although not yet under intense pressure from
the Church (unlike other pagan groups, such as
the Telyavelic Tremere), the Noiad still undergo
the spiritual trials that arise from their vampiric
condition. In particular, they are acutely aware
that although they still wander the earth, they do
so under the moon, not the sun. This divorces
them from their mortal kin even as it fuels their
dependency on them; the situations and events
that reinforce this separation — being unable to
join in a hunt, trekking to catch up with a tribe
only to find that it has been attacked by other
Cainites, succumbing to frenzy and destroying a
once-valued tribe member — often lead to mo-
ments of truth.

Encounters with Cainites from the southern lands
are another source of challenges to the Noiad's be

YERS GU.

liefs. Rare as they are, Ferals occasionally pass through
the northern lands, and at least one Lasombra monk
is aware of the Noiad's existence. Such encounters, a8
difficult as they are with the barriers of language and
custom to overcome, can be profoundly disquieting,
as they reveal the many ways in which the Noiad's
way of unlife and patterns of belief are inadequate to
deal with the world that is coming into being.

Role Within the Coteric

The most likely way to play a Noiad is eitherinan
all-Noiad chronicle, or in a group including a mix of
Noiad and Southern Cainites, most likely united to
face some common threat. For example, a devout
Lasombra and a scheming Nosferatu may wish to
block moves by an ambitious Ventrue to expand her
domain into the Noiad's home territory. Ora groupof
Ferals may stray north as they seek to regroup aftera
defeat by a persistent foe with good knowledge of local
politics and geography, and seek out the Noiad tohelp
avenge their loss.

As with any character with extensive and vital
local knowledge, a Noiad is likely to perform the dual
role of scout and warrior. Or, if the character is of a
more mystical bent, she may prefer to take on the role
of mystic and oracle, devising strategies and planning
the coterie's moves in advance.

In terms of relating to other Cainites, distinctions
between High and Low Clan inevitably come into
play. The Noiad have little time for either. They

rightly fear the schemes and designs of the High

Clans, and the savagery and desperation of the Low
Clans. Pagans are tolerated more readily than Chris
tians, but in truth tolerance, or grudging recognition
of a temporary, necessary alliance is probably the
closest any Noiad comes to forging a lasting relation.
ship with any Cainite outside of her bloodline.

Where to Find More Information

Very little information on the Noiad is necessary;
they are, and should remain, a mystery to most players,
They are described on p. 151 of Dark Ages Europe.

Telyavelic Tremere

A band of Tremere has discovered the power of
the land's pagan gods. The local mortals have shown:
them the forces that yet live in the land; and fromtheit
chantry in Riga to the deeps of the wilds, the Tremere
draw power from the earth and attempt to keep their
discoveries secret from Ceoris. But the Usurpers know


that there is something odd about their brethren in
Lithuania, and it is only a matter of time until their
activities are uncovered and their bloodline dealt
with. The Telyavelic Tremere are the only known
bloodline of the Tremere, and their existence is a
Closely guarded secret

Blood, Sap and Soil

One of Clan Tremere's most important tactics for
ensuring its survival is to spread its power across the
face of the known world, reducing its vulnerability to
local enemies or setbacks. Accordingly, even before
the diablerie of Saulot, a band of Usurpers was sent to
Lithuania to extend the clan's influence. But, unbe-
knownst to the elders at Ceoris, the Cainites who
lindertook this journey and responsibility were dissi-
dents who did not accept their new nature and sought
a way to regain their humanity
éstablish a chantry as free from supervision by Ceoris

They wanted to

ts possible.

They did not find the rebirth they sought. But in
their investigations of the local pagan religions they

found something else. The Lithuanian pagans number
among their gods Telyavel, the protector of the dead.
It was not long before the Tremere adopted the
Lithuanian term and began calling themselves the
"Telyavelic" Tremere. They learned the peasants'
pagan ways and took up the roles of shamans, priests
and spiritual emissaries

They also learned of the Siela, that part of the spirit
that remains behind in the earth after death. Taking this
simple tradition and combining it with their magics,
they have developed a path called Sielanic Thaumaturgy
that combines their foul blood with the soil and sap of
theirnew homeland. That thisis an abomination andan
affront to the spirits of the land does not seem to disturb
themin the least. If the mortals object, they are too afraid
(or too sensible) to say so.

The Shepherds' adoption of pagan ways has made
them vulnerable to the relics and powers of the Chris-
tian faithful (see sidebar, p. 134), who are slowly
converting the Lithuanians. Thus, their power is
reduced before their mortal enemies and they struggle
to defend the land they both abuse and draw their
power from.


TELYAVELIC TREMERE

Sobriquet: Shepherds

Disciplines: Auspex, Presence, Thaumaturgy
Weakness: Difficulties to resist frenzy are two
higher than normal when confronted by an
enemy using True Faith as a defense. Recoil
from the sight of the cross or other symbols of
the Christian faith.

Brave Defense, Vitter Defeat

The Telyavelic Tremere know they have tied their
fate to the lands and traditions of the pagans. In return
for a closer connection with the living world, they

extend it their protection — as far as they are able.

As a result, each part of Lithuania has tradi-
tionally had a Cainite "watcher" who oversees the
night and reports to the Krivé, a legendary dead
king who feeds on warm blood. The Krivé at the
current time is Androjai, a Malkavian who is
sorely pressed by the Ventrue accompanying the
Teutonic Knights on their crusade to Christianize
the pagans. Many of the watchers have been killed,

and the Shepherds are being called on to play an
ever more active role in the defense of their
adopted homeland

For their part, the Telyavs are fully aware of
the true nature of this threat, and they have
recently become aware of Ceoris' interest in dis-
covering exactly what is going on in the Lithuanian
chantries. They are currently trying to deflect the
attention of their parent clan by urging it to focus
its attention on the Ventrue's bid to expand their
power in Lithuania

Playing « Lelyavelic Tremere

The Telyavelic Tremere are racing against time
The culture they adopted in the hope that it would
return their humanity has given them respite but
not surcease from the burdens of Caine's Curse
Their lands, and the cultures they support, are
under attack by the Teutonic Knights and, through
them, the Catholic Church. With the Ventrue
backing these efforts, and with Lupines stalking the
forests, the Shepherds face obstacles that in the
long run prove insurmountable. That doesn't pre-
clude your character, however, from being one of
the lucky ones — for a few more nights, at least

Character Development

The War of Princes is of little concern to the
Telyavelic Tremere, except insofar is it drives the
Ventrue's bid to extend their power from their Ger
manic strongholds into Central and Northern Europe,
Asaresult, the Shepherds have begun to change their
pattern of Embrace. In earlier days, they primarily
took shamans and other spiritually attuned mortals,
but as the need for warriors increases, they're starting
to embrace sturdy fighters and cunning spies.

If you're playing a Telyavelic Tremere, you'll face
this dilemma directly. As your chronicle progressei
you'll most likely want to supplement your character's
knowledge of sorcery and other supernatural esoterica
with some more practical, survival-oriented skills

During downtime, Telyavs benefit from improved
Backgrounds and Disciplines. The Teutonic Knights
are a straightforward threat that can be met, by and
large, with force of arms or supernatural powers. Far
more insidious, and comprising the greater threat, are
the priests and monks who inevitably follow the
Knights' military progress.

Inquisitors also move among the simple folk,
convincing them to betray confidences and reveal
their secrets. To this end, developing your character's
Allies, Contacts, Domain, Herd, Influence and Re:
tainers is extremely useful

Developing new rituals and Thaumaturgical paths
are sure ways to grow in status within the bloodline,
With the coming of the Ventrue, success against the
Warlords is of increasing importance. Whether thisis
victory at arms, information gathered by subterfuge,a
vill
murdered in his sleep matters little. In the fight for
survival, any advantage is worth the taking, and those

turned out against the Teutons or an inquisitor

who can deliver victory are respected and obeyed.
Most Telyavelic Tremere follow the Road of
Humanity; a few walk the Road of the Beast. They
either embrace the Beast as evidence of their connec
tion to the spirits of the wilds, or see their connection
to the land and its inhabitants as a way to bring them
closer to their goal of regaining their lost humanity
Moments of truth could result from situations in
which your character is faced with evidence that she
is (or isnot) any closer to her goal of becoming human
Overseeing pagan rites, especially of birth and death,
using her supernatural powers to defend the locals
against the invaders, even giving free reign to the
Beast in order to destroy a threat to a holy place or
person would be especially powerful events for 4

¢

an

SA

tn

o yA

aun

Telyavelic Tremere, and could well trigger a moment
of truth.

F Role Within the Coteric

Telyavelic Tremere can only really function as
members of a coterie if their chronicle is set in
Lithuania, Latvia or Poland. Some Shepherds are
simple warriors, Embraced to help defend their land
Others are otherworldly seekers of mystical wisdom.
Yet others are shamans and priests, intimately in-
Yolved in the lives of their mortal her

The role your character takes on inevitably affects
the way she mixes with the others in her coterie. She's
unlikely to trust a non-Telyavelic Tremere or High
Clan Cainites, especially Ventrue and Lasombra. On
the other hand, gaining allies in high places is always
tseful, especially if they can be used to thwart the
Ventrue's ambitions. The Low Clans are more likely
tobe congenial company, especially for more politi-
aillyoriented characters. The key to these relationships
will most likely be the other Cainites' roads and
feligious beliefs. Any strongly Christian, Muslim or
Jewish character should be regarded with suspicion at

best, outright hostility at worst

Where to Find More

Siformation

Information on the Telyavelic Tremere and the
situation in Lithuania, Scandinavia and the Baltics
Einibe found in Dark Ages: Europe, pp. 142 -157.
Additional information can also be found in Libellus
Sanguinis 2: Keepers of the Word. Telyavelic Tremere
Must choose the Rego Elementum path (see Dark
Ages: Vampire, p. 215) as their primary path of
Thaumaturgy. Their magic is much less inclined to-
Ward hermetic practices and owes more to the animistic
traditions of the pagan peoples of Lithuania

Blood and Culture

The High Clans commonly hold that the minor
Clans, or bloodlines, are an inevitable result of the
mongrel blood and inherent weaknesses of the Low
Glans. Noble blood, of course, knows no such imputi-
fies or deviations. This view is so strongly held, and
the High Clans promote it so persuasively, that even
some among the Low Clans have come to believe it.

Itis true that most bloodlines are descended from
the Low Clans, but some bloodlines have originated
Within the High Clans (the Lamia, for instance). The

High Clans maintain their traditions and social orders
much more strictly than the Low Clans, however, and
xile or
outright destruction. This, as much as any quality of

deviation from tradition is often punished by

the blood, is the chief reason why so few bloodlines
claim descent from the High Clans.

In fact, the blood of any Cainite carries within it
acollection of potentialities and aptitudes rather than
a rigid template or pattern for a new Cainite. These
affinities may be cultivated, in which case the childe
takes on the full attributes of her clan, including
affinities for the clan's Disciplines and the clan weak-
ness. This is almost always the case with the childer of
High Clan Cainites.

If these affinities are not cultivated, something
different occurs. The bloodline diverges from its par-
ent clan and its members pass on their own collection
of potentials and weaknesses to their childer. Despite
what the High Clans might like to believe, the blood
of the Low is no more variable or tainted than their
own. The creation of a bloodline thus depends on
both the blood of the sire and the circumstances
encountered by the childe.

This explains why, asa general rule, bloodlines exist
as small, relatively cohesive social groups, often tied to
very particular cultures, social practices and locations.
They take the potential of their parent clan's blood and
develop it in new ways. The sire then passes his new
abilities on to his childer and, by dint of indoctrination
and training, a new bloodline is established.

Genesis in Vitae

How do these minor clans come about? The
answer varies from bloodline to bloodline. The Gar-
goyles are magical constructs, a combination and
perversion of the blood of several clans. The other
bloodlines are the result of a variation from a parent
clan being allowed or encouraged to continue.

The Andaclearly illustrate this process. Descended
from the Gangrel, the mixture of the Animals' blood
and the strict cultural practices of the Mongols saw the
emergence of a minor clan with unique abilities and
weaknesses. Clan Gangrel's loose social structure and
lack of interest in enforcing any kind of social or
cultural orthodoxy allowed the line to remain distinct
and to expand in numbers.

On a more metaphysical level, one may also
ask why the blood of Caine allows such mutability,
even to the point at which bloodlines develop
their own Disciplines and weaknesses? Perhaps the
Curse of Caine finds its own best expression. Per-


haps God wishes his punishment to uniquely af-
flict every Cainite. Whatever the reason, the
practical effect is that Cainites are ultimately cursed
and unable to create anything truly new. The
emergence of a minor clan is not an act of creation.
Rather, it is a further perversion of Caine's blood,
and quite often a perversion of the unique culture
and aspirations of its founders. The Curse of Caine
taints everything his childer do; so the ideals and
cultural practices of a bloodline's founders are
corrupted and become a source of weakness and
vulnerability, when they should be a source of
strength and resilience.

Thus, the Anda are forced to wander, lest they
weaken and die. The Lhiannan draw strength from
their connection to their land, but are fatally tied
to it, unable to adapt to new times and new ways.
The same fate afflicts every bloodline just as it
afflicts every clan. From strength comes weakness,
from desire comes destruction, and from vibrant
culture comes stagnation and death.

Neither Clan Nor Family

Two other crucial differences separate ablood-
line from a clan. The first is that bloodlines cannot
claim direct descent from an Antediluvian. The
second is that they have little power and are far

less diverse (both culturally and geographically)
than a clan.

The importance of these facts should not be
underestimated. The Antediluvians are a source of
inestimable power, influence and security for their
clans. In effect, they each provide their clan,
whether High or Low, with a role to play, acting as
guarantors of their descendants' legitimacy. With
the Long Night giving way to the War of Princes,
the time for the return of the Antediluvians draws

near. Will they protect their bastard offspring in
the bloodlines? Probably not, and this as much as
any other factor makes the minor clans easy prey for
the other clans.

Bloodlines are thus usually seen as poor rela-
tions and hangers-on, with no power or real
influence behind them, save perhaps within their
(usually limited) domain. Warring with a Ventrue
prince makes potential enemies of an entire clan
with vast holdings and powerful elders. Making war
on a Laibon wanderer or a Noiad shaman brings
little fear of reprisal.

Bloodlines are also limited by generation
Again, their lack ofan Antediluvian ancestor counts
against them here, with all members being de-

scended from members of their parent clan, not its
founder. This is not to say that the bloodlines have
no ancient and powerful Cainites in their ranks:
Rather, the social and political weaknesses of the
bloodlines (no Antediluvian to legitimize their
position) are mirrored on a personal level (broadly
speaking, higher generation and younger Cainites)
as well.

Given these weaknesses, how then do so many
bloodlines survive? The simple answer is that most
bloodlines do not survive; the unique founder ofa
potential new bloodline, and any childer who may
have been created, are usually destroyed. The ma
jor clans have no interest in seeing their numbers
and power diluted by bastard offspring.

For most minor clans, geography plays a role in
their survival. Certain bloodlines are virtually un-
known to the Cainite race as a whole, because they
are so closely tied to their land. The Noiad and
Telyavelic Tremere are typical of such lines. Oth-
ers, like the Anda and Laibon, are protected by
their isolation or diffusion. These factors also make
it difficult for the minor clans to gain any real
political power, although of course there are some
individual exceptions. But the bloodlines are gen-
erally not seen as being much of a threat, nor worth
the effort it would take to eliminate them. Afterall,
when the Antediluvians awake, the minor clans
will most likely be among the first Cainites de-
stroyed

This means that a low profile is often a
bloodline's best protection. Those who raise theit
heads above the battlements, or who stand in the
way of a major clan, are usually consigned to the
pages of history in short order. They are also very
vulnerable to social and cultural changes; a blood-
line that relies on a particular set of customs or
rituals for its survival (such as the Noiad) is directly
threatened by the spread of competing cultures.

Gangrel

One clan in particular is the source of more
bloodlines than any other, perhaps more than all
the other clans combined — the Gangrel. There
are a number of reasons for this.

First, a Gangrel neonate is far more likely to
lose contact with her sire than a neonate of any
other clan. This can be as a result of abandonment
by asire (most neonates are expected to prove their
worth by surviving unaided for some time in the
wild) or a sire's destruction (the Animals spend
much time outside cities and so are at much greater

ae wre ete

See Ren

(
1
s
|

tisk of destruction than many other Cainites).
During this trying time alone in the wilderness,
Neonates of a precocious bent may develop new
approaches and techniques for survival, beginning
the process that leads to the creation of a new
bloodline. In essence, because so many Gangrel are
left to their own devices for so long, it is inevitable
that bloodlines will emerge.

Another factor is that many Gangrel are drawn
from cultural groups that exist on the fring
mortal society, such as the various pagan cultures of
Northern and Eastern Europe. These Cainites are
most likely to understand their condition through
the prism of whatever local myths and traditions
exist, especially given the Animals' tendency to
abandon their childer.

es of

This is especially the case when a Cainite begins
Embracing other members of her former mortal cul-
ture; it is the true beginning of a bloodline, as new
approaches and explanations of the Cainite condi-
tion are passed down to new childer. This creates a
new orthodoxy and establishes a new bloodline

Thus, if you liken a clan to a garden, the
Gangrel are an un-tended, chaotic mess, with many
pockets of bizarre, wild growth and only the loosest
sense of order or planning. This is a sharp contrast
to the orderly and carefully tended lanes and beds
ofthe Ventrue, Lasombra and other High Clans.

One last factor contributes to the diversity of
the Gangrel and their propensity to sire bloodlines:
their relationship with the Beast. The Beast marks
even those who do not follow the Via Bestiae, and
this closeness to it reinforces their role as hunters
who must adapt to and overcome their prey's con-
Stant efforts and stratagems for survival. This
adaptability lies at the heart of the Gangrel's struggle
for survival; it is little wonder, then, that their
blood has become equally adaptable.

Ironically, it is this very reputed mutability of
Gangrel blood, as well as its affinities towards
€ertain Disciplines (such as Protean and Forti-
tude), that led Virstania of clan Tremere to use
Gangrel blood as a key ingredient in the experi-
ments that led to the creation of the Gargoyles.

Derangement, Deformity
and Death

The Gangrel may be the most prolific clan
When it comes to siring new bloodlines, but there
are three other clans that have a somewhat unique

position when it comes to the relationship between
clan and bloodline. The Malkavians and Nosferatu
both are known for being a home to "families" of
Cainites who share the same madness or deformity.
The Assamites, for their part, are a single clan, but
their three castes bear many similarities to a group
of bloodlines.

Malkav's Childer

Madness, as everyone in the Dark Medieval
knows, isa curse, usually caused by demonic posses-

sion. Not only do mortals understand this, but so
too do most Cainites (including many Malkavians).
The Madmen know they are chosen for the Em-
brace, as the calling draws predator and prey
together. Quite often, the mortal is entirely sane. If
the attentions of her would-be sire don't change
this, the Embrace certainly does. Malkav's Curse
usually manifests itself differently (and unpredict-
ably) in each childe. Yet for some, the gift of
madness is passed from sire to childe with little or
no alteration. How can this be?

In truth, no one knows for certain, the
Malkavians themselves least of all. But it has been
speculated that somehow, the demon that plagues
the sire also plagues the childe, either directly or by
allowing another of its ilk to torment the newly
cursed Cainite. In this way, a particular form of
madness is passed directly from sire to childe so
that, over time, a band of lunatics forms, all sharing
the same delusions.

Such broods of insane vampires are widely
feared and brutally persecuted. No sane prince
wants a band of insane, demon-possessed vampires
with a penchant for breeding in his domain.

The Malkavians themselves are quite matter-
of-fact about their position. They know that they
are feared and misunderstood. Some claim to have
been driven further into insanity by this fact alone,
but this does not deter them from expanding their
mad families.

Why then are these broods not considered
bloodlines? In some ways, they are quite similar to
bloodlines, with unique, identifying characteris-
tics (their own brand of madness) passed down
from sire to childe. But these "families" do not
develop new (or different) Disciplines, they do not
form splinter or separate social groups within the
parent clan, and they generally do not find them-
selves marginalized as a result. The clan accepts
these broods as simply another manifestation of
their Curse.


After all, within any family some members will
be more alike than others. So it is for these
Malkavian families. The gift of madness brings
trouble enough to those who possess it — the
Madmen would not deny their brothers this fellow-

ship. Not that fellowship always welcome; for while

some Malkavians draw comfort from the presence
of similarly unhinged Madmen, being surrounded
by others who share the same delusions drives some
further into the depths of insanity. Staring into the
face of one's own madness is not always easy.

Absimiliard's Vrood

The Nosferatu are also noted for having blood-
line-like "families" or broods who share certain
deformities and other characteristics that are seem-
ingly passed down from sire to childe.

At first glance, these would not seem to be
bloodlines at all in the strictest sense; they don
develop new Disciplines and don't claim to be new
clans. On closer examination, however, the matter
is not quite so clear-cut. Deformities are inherited,
just as are propensities towards Disciplines; and an
element of the tight social order needed to create a
bloodline also exists.

A key difference between these Nosferatu
broods and bloodlines proper is that gross physical
characteristics (deformities, in this case) are passed
down as well as the propensities for particular
supernatural abilities and weaknesses. It is widely
held that one's inner wickedness is reflected in
one's body; thus, the Nosferatu are regarded as
monsters not just because they are Cainites, but
also because of the monstrous inner evil reflected
in their twisted bodies. In this sense, Nosferatu
broods clearly share the same brand of wickedne
why else would they form such tight social groups!

But the Nosferatu tend to be close-knit on the
clan-, as well as the brood- or coterie-level. They
are unique among the fallen in their hideous ap
pearance, which allows a member of the clan tobe
instantly identified as such. This broader social
stigma usually leads individual Lepers to identify
with their clan before any other group or sub-group.

This works strongly against the creation of
bloodlines, as broad social contact and reinforces
ment of the clan's values makes it unlikely that
many broods will seek to identify themselves as
anything other than Nosferatu. Indeed, the other
clans would be unlikely to make any such distine

me pre wm oe

ov


tion. Most find the Lepers distasteful enough with-
Out wanting to spend time investigating the finer
points of the clan's culture and social structures

And lastly, of course, all Nosferatu identify
themselves as Absimiliard's descendents. Again,
their commonly held curse makes it all but impos-
sible to deny their origin in favor of any alternative
explanation.

Tree Families, One Clan

The Assamites are the last oddity to consider.
They are definitely a single clan, but the question
must be asked: Are the castes not bloodlines? After
all, despite their common allegiance, each has a
linique weakness and a different set of favored
Disciplines.

The viziers, warriors and sorcerers all perform
different functions within the clan, and this is why

a
APTER TE

each caste has developed its distinct abilities (and
weakness). Nevertheless, these differences have
arisen in the greater cause of promoting the clan
and its interests. The sorcerers play a special role
here, using their blood magic to communicate in-
formation to all members of the clan. In this way,
each member of the clan remains clearly focused on
his or her responsibilities.

This emphasis on duty to the clan helps pre-
vent the rise of bloodlines; childer are not allowed
to roam free or find their own approach to vampir-
ism. Instead, they are vigorously trained and
indoctrinated. The central figure in this is the
clan's founder, Haqim.
caste, is ever allowed to forg:

jo Assamite, regardless of
t the supremacy of the
founder. Thus, even though the three castes mani-
fest the outward signs of being separate bloodlines,
their shared loyalty to the clan as a whole, and to its
founder, ensure that they function as a single clan.

—

————



HAPTER» ROUR:
BLESSINGS OR
UNCLEAN BLOOD

Better it is to be of an humble spirit with the lowly,

than to divide the spoil with the proud.

Proverbs 16:19

The Low Clans are not powerless. Downtrodden and under-
estimated, to be sure. Oppressed and barred from enjoying the best
that mankind has to offer Cainites, perhaps, but by no means
powerless. Elders of the Low Clans have called upon their ancient
blood to create powers that make the first cursed quail, and even
young fallen have a clever, pragmatic streak that allows them to
use the Gifts of Caine to their best advantage.

This chapter contains information on new systems and pow-
ers wielded by the Low Clans. It includes advanced Disciplines for
elder characters, Discipline techniques, Assamite and Tremere
blood magic, and Merits and Flaws. All of the powers listed in this
chapter should be considered optional, and they require Story-
teller approval to purchase.

Powers of the Old Gnes

A Ventrue prince scorns a Gangrel elder, only to find his herd

starving come winter as crops are devoured by swarms of rats. Av

young Toreador falls into madness when suddenly no one butia

Malkaviatiyacknowledges his presence. Faced with inquisitors

attacking her haven during the day, a Setite elder simplylealls
i walks away in thesunlight.


The Disciplines that neonates and ancillae have
at their disposal may seem powerful, especially com-
pared to the impotence of mere mortals. However,
these young Cainites are themselves nearly powerless
when compared to the elders. Those Cainites with the
requisite strength of blood may command manifesta-
tions of Disciplines that are not only magnitudes
above those of their less potent brethren, but which
also bend and break what young vampires may think
are the established "rules" of the Disciplines.

Diverging Paths
The first levels of a Discipline, available to any
inite no matter his generation, have certain set
tules. In general, each level provides a cumulatively
more powerful effect, and that effect is always the
same. A Nosferatu who learns Obfuscate 3 always
learns Mask of a Thousand Faces, and this power
always works as described in Dark Ag Vampire.
ainites of sufficiently powerful blood have access to
the advanced levels of a Discipline; here, myriad
options open up. One Follower of Set might learn
Breathe the Sandstorm, giving her a powerful attack,
while another manifests Aspect of the God, taking a
more religious approach to her Discipline.

Many theories exist as to why this is, but so far, no
one truly knows. Cainite scholars debate endlessly
why this change comes about and the significance of
when it appears. Some scholars believe that only
those of sufficiently powerful blood have the potential
to step outside the normal bounds of the Disciplines
and develop the diversity of powers demonstrated
Those who support this theory are at a loss to explain
why such powerful Cainites cannot alter the basic
powers of the Disciplines. Some scholars point to
Valeren and the two different ways of using Cowing

the Beast, but others state that Valeren is simply two
different Disciplines and that the Song of Serenity is

WHERE

he powers presented below are mainly

FortituDeE?

for clan-specific Disciplines (such as
Chimerstry and Serpentis), along with Ani-
malism (which is common to only one High
Clan) and Obfuscate (which is common to
none). The other Disciplines are covered in
Pla Guide to the High Clans. For now,
use the powers presented below and those in
Dark Ages: Vampireas guidelines if you need
high-level powers for those Disciplines.

just a small variant on Cowing the Beast, nota total
different power. Some say that those who are closerte
Caine have better control over the Disciplines, and
that those of the fourth, third and mythical second
generation are able to develop new Discipline pow
of any level. No matter what the final truth maybe
one thing is certain: Once a vampire goes beyond the
bounds of those powers available to all, new ant
interesting powers become available

Which advanced power a vampire develops de
pends on a number of factors. Chief among themare
the given Cainite's personality and the way she views
the Discipline she is studying. A Nosferatu whospeniis
her time as a thief and assassin is quite likely
manifest Invisible Weapon, even if she has a mentin
who only knows Soul Mask. A mentor can, howevey
influence which power manifests. Developing am
vanced powers is easier when training witha mentam
though it is possible to learn them through pmictice
and self-study. It is up to the Storyteller to decidehow
long it takes to develop a high-level power when
mentor is available (which should be dependentam
the type of chronicle being run; anything from alen
months to a decade or more). Training by onesell
takes at least twice the time needed with a tuton

What makes advanced levels so special is that
vampire can develop more powers at the same levelll
a vampire continues to train in a Discipline, she cam
learn either a new power of the same level already
known or she can advance on, provided she ist
sufficient generation. For example, a sixth generatigl
Ravnos who possesses Pact of Animals may choosett
develop Quell the Herd as well instead of movingu
to Send the Eighth Plague.

As is explained on page 166 of Dark Ages
Vampire, the cost of buying up a Discipline is basedam
a character's current rating in that Discipline, This
rule stands in need of clarification when it comestt
powers above level 5. Since each Discipline inclidey
multiple powers, which can be bought individualliR
"current rating" in this case does not necessarily rete
to the rating the character has in this Disciplingy
When buying powers above level 5, consider "tite
rent" to mean "the lowest level needed to buy this
power." In other words, if a character has six dotsing
Discipline, her player pays 25 experience pointstobill
another level 6 power and 30 experience points tobi
a level 7 power.

The powers presented in this chapter, as well
those in Dark Ages: Vampire, are just a sampling
the possibilities opened up by high levels of Dist
plines. The ones found in that book are the mo

as th
in a
Ani
cha}
that
mor
Nos

use

pow
vari
cov
of s}
acre

sani

mab
that
velo
atle
dera
suck

chai


common powers of those Disciplines, while those in
this chapter are most often found among the Low
Clans. A player may, with the Storyteller's permission
Ofcourse, design a new high-level Discipline power for
hercharacter instead of purchasing one of the powers
presented in the books. This requires some effort on
theparts of both the player and the Storyteller, as they
must work together to make sure that the power
qeated is neither too powerful nor too weak. The
power should also fit within the framework of the
thosen Discipline, though high-level powers can bend
the established rules for a Discipline

Me Practical Approach

s noted before, the following high-level Disci-

Dline powers are mainly found among the Low Clans.
Low Clan vampires tend to develop practical powers
witha broad application or several different uses (such
4sPact with Animals and Aspect of the God). These
powers may not be as focused and thus not as powerful
asthose wielded by the High Clans, but they are useful
ina wider range of situations. Consider Pact with
Animals: This power allows for small, but diverse
changes. A Tzimisce might instead develop a power
that would allow her to devour an animal and take on
Mote of its strengths and abilities; but for the Gangrel,

Nosferatu and Ravnos clans, diversity is often of more
ise than direct power

The War of Princes also influences many of the
powers that manifest during this time. More and

Varied martial powers are being developed or redis-

w forbe!

Laswellaspowersthatall

ACLS,

Of survival when the great princes wage covert war
actoss Europe

THe Perils of Bower

While a Cainite who possesses advanced levels of
One or more Disciplines might have incredible power at
herdisposal, such power can (and often does) also begin
Waffect her mentally. Just like some mortal lords be-
come corrupt and ereas because of the power they
Wield over their fellow humans, a Cainite might find her
sanity eroded by the powers of the Gifts of Caine.

When to afflict "Discipline derangements" is ulti-
mately up to the Storyteller. Below isa list of conditions
that indicate that a Discipline derangement might de-
yelop. In general, only characters that have a Discipline
ailevel 6 orabove are in danger of developing Discipline
derangements, but if the player and Storyteller agree,
such a derangement might come at earlier levels. If a
character fulfills three conditions, she is in serious dan-

AN INSANE STAR

, es, it is possible to start with a Disci-
/J pline derangement, by taking the De-

Cc
ranged Flaw (page 305 of Dark Ages: Vampire),
or by simply deciding that the character begins
insane if the optional Merits and Flaws system

isn't being used. This derangement should be
keyed to the highest in-clan Discipline the
character has (and it is especially appropriate
for a character that has all of her four starting
dots in a single Discipline). Taking this Flaw at
character creation could indicate that some
thing went wrong during the first few uses of the
Discipline, or that the character is not mentally
strong enough to handle it.

ger of receiving a temporary derangement. Fulfilling five

or more conditions might inflict a permanent derange-

ment. The derangements appropriate to each Discipline

are listed below

© The level of a clan Discipline is higher than her
other two clan Disciplines together

¢ The level ofanon-clan Discipline is higher than any
clan Disciplines

© The character has multiple powers of the same level
of the Discipline

* The character has reached her maximum potential

in the Discipline without reaching at least level 5

in another
¢ The character has botched uses of the Disciplines

several times recently
¢ The character has repeatedly achieved phenomenal
results (six or more successes) while using the

Discipline recently
© The character relies heavily upon using the Disci-

pline, even when it is not necessary
¢ The character has learned or advanced in the

Discipline as a result of diablerie.

Temporary Discipline derangements fade when
the conditions that brought them about no longer
apply, while permanent Discipline derangements are
just that. They may eventually be overcome just as
other derangements, but the character cannot find a
cure by simply refraining from the use of the Discipline

that brought on the derangement; it lingers on.

Lwink Heavent

The powers listed below range from levels 6 to 9;
as such, some powers are available only to fourth

generation characters. This does not mean that we


advocate the creation of such characters for play
Indeed, the highest levels presented here are mainly
meant to be tools fora Storyteller. On the other hand,
nothing precludes a troupe from playing an elders
chronicle, and in such a situation the group might
consist of sixth or even fifth generation characters.

Some people might say that listing level 9 powers
is unnecessary, as the ancient Methuselahs of the
fourth generation can do pretty much anything they
want and crush any upstart characters without having
to resort to, say, Join with the Beast. In an elder
chronicle, however, a fourth generation character
might well meet his match against a coterie of fifth or
sixth generation Cainites.

Finally, many of these powers can be used as
inspiration. Suppose the characters are Assamites
who have been charged with hunting down a ren
egade member of the clan so that he can be punished
with Weaken the Blood (in full view of the characters,
so that they can see the price of rebellion) or that the
coterie unwittingly performs a service for an ancient
Malkavian, who rewards them by wiping away all
derangements and blood oaths — possibly those very
oaths that made their sires trust them

Animalism

Animalism is a common Discipline for the Low
Clans. Only one High Clan (the Tzimisce) has easy
access to Animalism, while the other High Clans sco
it as inferior to Dominate and Presence. The Gangrel,
Nosferatu and Ravnos clans have all learned just how
efficient high levels of Animalism can be when dealing
with the Beast, however. As an optional rule, a Story-
teller can allowa character using Willpower to boost her
Instincts rating (as described on page 265 of Dark Age
Vampire) to boost it by one additional dot per level of

Animalism above 5, to signify her enhanced familiarity
with the Beast and with her own instincts. This has no
effect on Self-Control, which denies the Beast, instead
of working with it.

ANIMAL PERSONIFICATION

a

© ome masters of Animalism become so

~J used to communicating with and in-
fluencing animals that they forget that normally,
animals are not as sophisticated as humans. A
Cainite with this derangement treats animals
as if they were humans, talking to them just like
normal people and expecting them to respond
as if they were intelligent

aes

aie

ca a a a

High levels in Animalism rarely cause derange-
ments, though the Discipline can inflict Fantasy (a
world where animals rule, not humans), Obsession
(with animals), Sanguinary Animism, Regression (into
an animalistic state of mind) or Animal Personifica
tion (see sidebar).

¢ Bact with Animals

This power allows the wielder to borrow the power
of an animal that she feeds from. It can grant her the
strength of the bear, the eyes of the hawk, the wisdom of
the owl or the poison bite of the serpent. This poweris
likely to manifest in elder Gangrel, as they tend to have
the strongest connection to animals.

System: Pact with Animals requires that the char
acter drink at least one blood point from the type of
animal from which she wants to borrow a power. Inthe

case of small animals, such as rats, this may require more
than one source.

s the blood is consumed, the player
illpower. Pact with Animals lasts for
the rest of the night. As the power fades just before

spends a point of W

sunrise, the player must roll the character's Road rating

SampLe ANIMAL POWER

Raptor: Talons of the Beast that work espe-
cially well for grasping (+2 to Strength for grip
only), keen eyesight (Heightened Senses for
sight only), hunting instinct (+2 to Survival for
hunting purposes).

Wolf: Savage bite (+1 bite damage), great
endurance (+2 to Stamtina), enhanced hearing
and smell (+1 to Perception for these senses),
pack instincts (+1 to all difficulties if alone

Bear: Claws and savage bite (Talons of the ,
Beast and +1 bite damage), great strength (+2
to Strength), +1 difficulty to Self-Control/In-
stincts tolls to avoid frenzy when wounded.

Rat: Great swiftness (+2 to Dexterity) and
agility (+1 to Athletics and Dodge), excep-
tional sense of smell (Heightened Senses for
smell only), cowardly (must roll Courage not to
flee wheri wounded).

Snake: Flexibility (+1 Dexterity and +3
dice to any roll involving flexibility), scaly skin ,
(+1 to soak any‘damage except sunlight), ven-
omous bite (four health levels of lethal damage
to mortals, two to Cainites), treacherous per-
sonality (must roll Willpower when presented
with an opportunity to commit betrayal or cause
strife not to give in to these urges).

ra
ERSGUIDE TO - NE.
AN x


(difficulty 6). If the roll fails, the influence of the animal
thes not fade entirely; the next night, the character is
dfiected by the animal's mindset as with Ride the Wild
Mind (page 175 of Dark Ages: Vampire).

The power gained from an animal is usually equal
toa Discipline power of level 1 or 2 (like Auspex 1,
Heightened Senses (page 176 of Dark Ages: Vam-
pire), or Protean 2, Talons of the Beast (page 205 of
Dark Ages: Vampire); in addition it adds two dots to
Attribute or three dots to an Ability. The character
abotakes on mythical aspects of the animal. Someone
drinking from an owl would become wiser, while

someone drinking from a snake would slip towards an

evil disposition.

oe Send the Eighth Plague

This is one of the most destructive powers among
any of the Disciplines. An ancient Gangrel called
Valentinian demonstrated its immense potential for
fuination shortly after the Fourth Crusade. Angry
With Italian Cainites intruding upon his lands, he
talled upon his mastery of Animalism and brought
starvation down on an entire trading town. Send the
Bighth Plague can lay waste to villages, towns and
entire baronies, for it calls upon rats, mice, locusts and
other pests to gather and plague a target of the wielder's

choosing. In the Dark Medieval, where every harvest
is a gamble, the mere threat of this power can intimi-
date Cainite princes and lords, who would rather not
see their source of blood starve to death.

System: The character must sit in quiet meditation
somewhere in the area she wishes to Plague for at least
halfan hour. Then, the character slashes her hands open
and bleeds into the soil while the player spends ten blood
points and rolls Charisma + Animal Ken (difficulty 6)
The number of successes must be divided between time
and areas of effect, as shown below:

No. of
Successes
1 success

Area/Time of effect

A single field/24 hours

2 successes Two nearby fields/3 days

3 successes All the fields of a village/A week

4 suce All the fields of several villages/A moon
S successes A\llthefieldsofalargeswathofland/3 months

The vermin eat everything they can find, gnaw-
ing their way into larders and stripping fields of crops.
While a duration of 24 hours is tolerable and three
days is survivable, anything beyond that is a catastro-
phe; dedicated extermination is required to save stored
food and crops.


occ coe {nchain the Ferocious Beast

All Cainites know of the terrible power of the
Beast and of what havoc it can wreak if let loose. With
Unchain the Ferocious Beast, a master of Animalism
can do just that, letting the Beast run amok in the body
that it inhabits, inflicting terrible damage. The target
of this power erupts with wounds that look like they
have come from some dire beast; anyone looking at
the target is horrified to witness such ravages

System: Unchain the Ferocious Beast requires
eye contact. It works on ghouls and Cainites; it also

and anger of these
savage warriors against them. The player spends three
blood points and rolls Manipulation + Intimidation,
with a difficulty equal to the target's $

affects Lupines, using the rag

elf-Control/
Instincts + 4 (for Lupines, who have better control of
their Beasts, the difficulty is Willpower +3, maximum
10).
damage. Botching this roll turns the user's own Beast
against him, inflicting one aggravated health level of
damage per 1 rolled.

Each success translates into a level of aggravated

eecce cooe Tree the Beast Within

The Beast is a fearsome enemy, but for the true

masters of Animalism, it can be a powerful ally as well.
When using Free the Beast Within, a Cainite enters
into a pact with her Beast, releasing it from its prison
in the vampire's mind in return for some powerful
benefits. This power is not invoked lightly, for the
Beast never wants to be put back into its cell.
System: The character concentrates for one turn
and the player spends one point of Willpower (this
power can be activated as the character enters frenzy,
at the same cost). The player then rolls Road (diffi-
culty 10 —Self-Control/Instinct). If the roll fails, the
character enters a normal frenzy. If the roll is botched,
the character is taken over by her Beast and enters

frenzy as usual, save that the frenzy does not end until

the character is subdued or subjected to a power
designed to cow or control the Beast. If the roll is
successful, the character enters a controlled frenzy
The character ignores all wound penalties and any
mind- or emotion-influencing Disciplines up to level
8 (any such powers at level 8 or higher suffer a +3
difficulty). The character projects an aura of menace
that reduces the difficulty of all Intimidation rolls by
2. Finally, the Beast sharpens the character's aware-
ness; she not only receives all the benefits of
Heightened Senses, but also three dice to all Alertness
dice pools and all Survival dice pools based on Percep-
tion (such as tracking). However, the player must

spend a point of Willpower for the character to take
any non-aggressive action (Storyteller's discretion),
and canceling Free the Beast Within requires an
extended Instincts/Self-Control roll, difficulty 8, with
six successes required (one roll per turn).

If a C
Protean power Shape of the Inner Beast (see below),
she can combine the two, allowing her some contral

inite possesses both this power and the

over the shape of her Beast when it is given physical
form. She applies all the modifiers from Shape of thé
Inner Beast, but retains control over her own actions
and neither loses Willpower nor risks a derangement.

Chimerstry

In the East, Chimerstry is the Ravnos' proof of
their belief that reality is but an illusion. In Europe,
some claim these powers of deception come from
demons, through a bargain struck by the Ravnos clan
founder. Most Charlatans deny this, though some
claim that the powers are demonic in origin — but
that the first Ravnos tricked them from a demon. The
advanced powers of Chimerstry reflect both sides of
this, with illusions that either take on more reality or
seem to copy the wily and treacherous machinations
of demonic beings. Chimerstry is a Discipline that
requires tremendous power of will, but it is also ex
tremely seductive; those wielding it are sometimes
inflicted with such derangements as Fantasy (almost
anything), Megalomania, Perfectionism, Visions
(common for eastern Ravnos) or Illusion Addiction
(see sidebar).

eoccec Horrid Blade of the Demons

By sheer concentration, a wielder of Horrid Bladeof
the Demons may create a short-lived but very real
weapon capable of inflicting dire wounds upon an oppo
nent. The Eastern Ravnos use this power to battle the
demons of their homeland, fighting fire with fire; there

ILLUSION ADDICTION

The power of Chimerstry is such that it can
create anything the wielder can imagine...or

desire. Sometimes, masters of this Discipline

become addicted to the fantasies that Chimerstry

can create and lose themselves in dream worlds
of their own making. ¥

en this derangement is

active, the character sits around for hours creat
ing pleasurable illusions; doing anything else
requires the player to succeed in a Willpower roll
(difficulty 7).

: PLAYERS. GUIDE TO -

HELOW C}

peers.

AN PS,

ao a AA


ie great many tales of Zapathasura, the mythical pro-
fenitorof the Ravnos, wielding sucha blade. Itisapower
that lends itself best to a martial mindset.

System: The player spends two points of Will-
power and one blood point per die of damage that the
weapon inflicts (in addition to the wielder's Strength).
The blade appears in the summoner's hand instantly
andshe may wield it during her next action. The blade
ists for a scene and inflicts aggravated damage, but
farries some limitations. First, blood may not be spent
Oyerconsecutive rounds to increase the potency of the
blade. Second, the blade can inflict no more than one
die of damage above what a normal weapon of that
type can do (so a knife made with Horrid Blade could
inflict no more than Strength + 2). Third, should the
ilder be disarmed, she must immediately spend a
blood point or the weapon disappears (that expendi-
ture does summon the blade back to her hands). The
damage caused by this blade does not fade after the
weapon does.

sooee ce Nidof the Gandharvas

Itisclaimed that the founder of the Sybarite caste,
Which thrives on luxury and ex
power by defeating a Gandharva spirit in combat, thus
eaming the spirit's aid. With Aid of the Gandharvas,
aRavnos may cloak himself and his surroundings in
theillusions of these spirits, turning even the simplest

ess, learned this

hovel into a magnificent dwelling.

Begtems In order to invoke Aid of the Gandharvas,
thecharacter spends a few minutes visualizing the splen-
dorshe wishes to create. The playerspendsone Willpower
and three blood points and rolls Charisma + Expression,
Subterfuge or Performance (difficulty 6). (The Ability
sedis chosen when the power is first developed and may
not be changed. There are no functional differences
(aside from the number of dice rolled), it is simply
matter of the vampire's perceptions: those who use
pression see Aid of the Gandharvas as an expression of
beauty from within themselves; those who use Subter-
fuge see it as a way to deceive others; and those who use
Performance consider it an expression of something
artistic.) If the roll succeeds, the character (and possibly
her surroundings) is covered in an illusion of splendor.
Simple rags become clothing fit for a prince, a rusted
blade becomes a Damascene scimitar, a simple meal
becomes a feast and ricke
thrones. The illusion covers all five senses, but it is only
an illusion. Clothes that look like fur-trimmed wool of
the best quality do not warm better than the rags they
really are, arusted sword isstill rusted and so on. Also, the
illusion only covers things already present; it does not

y chairs look like veritable

create new items. Thus, strewing a few copper coins over
a table and piling some pebbles in an urn will help the
illusion along, as the coppers become a small hoard of
silver and the pebbles become gemstones.

The illusion is very hard to filter out. Any attempt
to detect the illusion (see page 181 of Dark Age:
Vampire) suffers a +2 difficulty. Any item removed
from the area of effect reverts instantly to its former
semblance. The number of successes on the initial roll
determines the area of effect:

No. of successes Area of effect

1 success User only.

A small room (generally
no more than 15' x 15'):
A large room or hall.
The inside of an entire

2 successes
3 successes

large house.

The inside and outside of
an entire small house or
the inside of an entire
manor or small castle.

5 successes

Any character veiled in Aid of the Gandharvas
gains one dot of Appearance. All uses of Aid of the
Gandharvas last for one scene.

eccce coe Visionsfrom the Asura

This terrible power, which bears some intriguing
similarities to various applications of Dementation, is
named after the demonic Asura who are believed to
grant the hellish visions it induces. The visions work
subtly within the target's mind; and in the end, the
poor victim must question everything that happens
around her, not knowing whether it is reality or
illusion.

When afflicted with the Visions, the victim expe-
riences random illusions (affecting all senses) that
could be everyday events and things. For example, if
the victim is entering a castle, she may be approached
byaservant. While she is walking by a building, adoor
opens and a woman calls her name. The victim
suddenly smells something burning. She feels a tug at
her clothes. She sees a door in a wall where there is no
door, or a door is covered to look like a wall. These
effects always disappear after the victim reacts to
them, showing her that it was only an illusion. From
time to time (no more than twice per night), horrid
events take place, like the victim turning a corner and
seeing a grisly murder or finding herself attacked by a
hated foe or a hideous monster. In the end, the victim


begins to question any event, wondering if it is illusion
or reality. Also, others wonder about her sanity as she
interacts with things only she can see, and ignores
quite tangible events.

System: In order to invoke the Visions, the char-
acter observes the target for at least five minutes, and
the player spends three points of Willpower and rolls
Manipulation + Subterfuge. The difficulty is the target's
Willpower. If the target has any derangements, this
difficulty rises by +1. If her Road rating is 3 or less, or
if she is a road initiate (see Dark Ages: Vampire p.
91), the difficulty is decreased by -1. The effect lasts
for I night, plus 1 additional night per success. At the
end of each night of Visions, the victim loses a point
of temporary Willpower. If the victim has no Will-
power left, she instead develops a derangement.

The only real defense against this power is Auspex
9. The victim may suspect that certain events are
illusions and roll as described on page 181 of Dark
Ages: Vampire, but the victim should roll for every-
thing she sees, feels and hears, as she can never be
certain what is illusion and what is not.

eecce coos Gruths of the Universe

This rare power originated in the homeland of the
Ravnos clan and it is unknown whether or not it has
made its way west to Europe. The power relies upon
the belief that all of physical reality is but an illusion.
As such, the Ravnos, masters of illusions, should
theoretically be able to create reality with their gifts.
Of course, it is not that simple; but masters of
Chimerstry can, with extreme effort, force one of their
illusions to meld with the illusion of reality and
become, for all intents and purposes, real.

System: This power is best left in the hands of
Storyteller characters, with the Storyteller determin-
ing the effects. At the cost of a permanent point of
Willpower, the Ravnos is able to make one of her
illusions, and all its effects, real — no matter how
impossible or incredible. The scope and limitations of
this power are, as has been stressed, very much up to
the Storyteller

With this power, a Ravnos could make a perma-
nent Horrid Blade (see above), granting him an
exceptionally potent weapon. A simple Dweomer
(Chimerstry 2, Dark Ages: Vampire p. 182) of asack
of precious gems can be made real, granting the
Ravnos immense wealth. Or a diabolic Cainite can
create a monster with Apparition (Chimerstry 3)

Objects made real with this power are just as "perma-
nent" as any other object; for instance, a Horrid Blade

made real by Truths of the Universe can be shattered
just like any other sword.

Dementation

Ofall the clan-specific Disciplines, Dementation
is the easiest to learn — Malkavians are often quité
eager to teach it to others, even to those who are not
interested in learning it. Unlike other Disciplines
Dementation does not carry with it the risk of insanity

it carries the certainty of it. Anyone who leams
Dementation also acquires at least one derangement;
should the vampire later be cured of her insanity, she
is no longer able to use Dementation. The deranges
ment developed is therefore notkeyed to the Discipline
itself, but to the individual who learns it. As such,
focusing on Dementation ironically enough does not
—a least not forthe
character herself. Those around her, however, aft
quite likely to be infected with madness.

carry the risk of a derangement

eoccee Devilin the Wind

This insidious power becomes the bane offi
victim's social interactions, as it breaks down inhib
tions and social mores, while at the same time pulling
subconscious impulses, ideas and opinions to the
forefront. The Malkavian Giselle the Fury used thig
power to ruin a delicate negotiation between a group
of Toreador elders in the Courts of Love — and thé
elder Malkavian subsequently found herself subjectt@
a blood hunt, as her victims realized the likely source
of their distress.

System: In order to employ Devil in the Ming}
the character makes eye contact with her target, and
the player spends a point of Willpower and rolls
Manipulation + Subterfuge (difficulty of the target
Willpower). Devil in the Mind works in two wajg
The first is to remove the normal social barriers thal
prevent people from speaking their minds, thus make
ing the target say just what she feels and means instead
of trying to cloak her words. This is an efficient
method of ruining delicate circumstances such #
seduction, negotiation or tense diplomatic negotiae
tions. The second way is to strengthen impulses that
would normally be suppressed and to make the victim
focus on ideas and opinions that are inappropriatett
the current situation. For example, a woman tryingt
coax information out of a man she finds unattractive
might suddenly begin thinking just how repulsive he
really is, and be hard-pressed to not just come rightout
and say it; while a servant envying his master's watt


cloak might simply try to take it, and demand that it
be given to him if he is stopped.

Devil in the Mind lasts for one scene. Supernatu-
alcreatures (including ghouls) can resist it by spending
a Willpower point and rolling Willpower (difficulty
6) each time they wish to resist an impulse or com-
ment. Even if this resistance succeeds, the victim loses
one die from Subterfuge and Etiquette pools (addi-
tional efforts at resistance do not incur this penalty).
zes that
something was not right, though she does not neces-
satily suspect outside influence.

Once the power subsides, the victim real

tovee co Change the Goul

This power is seen as diabolical by those few
Malkavians who have heard about it. However, those
elder Malkavians who follow the Road of Sin or who revel
intheirmadness may consider it more blessing than curse.
With Change the Soul, a Malkavian may alter a person's
Peponality on the deepest level — her memories remain
intact, but her outlook on life changes completely.

System: In order to inflict Change the Soul on a
victim, the Malkavian must look into the eyes of the
target. The player rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge,
with a difficulty equal to the target's Wits + Subter-
fuge. If the user can achieve successes equal to or
greater than the target's Instincts/Self-Control, she
may change the target's Nature to whatever she de-
sites. This effect ispermanentand can only be reversed
with another application of Change the Soul or with
Touch of the Saints (see below). Rumor has it that
certain powers of the Healer path of Valeren can also
Counteract Change the Soul. Should the attempt be
botched, the Nature of the user changes to that
chosen for the victim.

Note for Storytellers: This power is quite a nasty
One, and it is probably a good idea to think it through
before inflicting it upon a player's character. Players
Who spend a lot of time, thought and effort on their
Characters might not appreciate having such an essen-
tial part of their characters changed.

eee Personal Scourge

Thisrare manifestation of Dementation turns the
Victim's own strength of will against him. This power
Gives the user a direct, physical way of inflicting
damage on her target. Whether employed as a punish-
ment, destruction or defense, Personal Scourge leaves
the survivor deeply shaken and probably unwilling to
facethe Malkavian again. A victim of Personal Scourge
Manifests lacerations, experiences spontaneous bleed-

ing from nose, eyes and ears, and most likely howls in
agony. The attack is also visible in the victim's aura,
which writhes in response to the physical pain.

System: Personal Scourge requires either eye con-
tact or touch. The player spends two points of
Willpower and rolls Manipulation + Empathy, with a
difficulty equal to the victim's Stamina + Self-Con-
trol/Instincts (Stamina + 3 for targets without Virtues).
For one turn per success, the victim rolls her own
Willpower as a lethal damage dice pool against her-
self. This damage can only be soaked using the victim's
Road score (victims without a Road score soak with
their Stamina + 3), without the benefit of Fortitude.
While the power lasts, the victim may do nothing
except thrash around in pain. By spending a point of
Willpower, the victim may defend herself, speak co-
herently or attempt to heal with blood. This
expenditure must be made each round.

eecce cooe Zouch of the Gaints

Those few who have heard of this power are
baffled by it, for it seems totally at odds with
Dementation. This power grants the target total clar-
ity of mind, freed from all derangements and
compulsions. The ancients of Clan Malkavian know
the truth; Touch of the Saints was an application of
Dementation that Malkav himself learned while study-
ing with his brother Saulot, who often soothed Malkav's
pains. Because of this noble history, it is seen as the
greatest gift a Malkavian Methuselah can bestow
upon anyone.

System: In order to use this power, the Malkavian
places her hand upon the face of the target, and the
player spends a point of Willpower. Touch of the
Saints then washes away any and all derangements
andanything else influencing the target's mind at that
time: the blood oath, Dominate commands, Presence-
induced emotions, drugs — any and every outside
influence is gone. The target immediately regains all
temporary Willpower and for the next week
one additional die to all mental dice pools.

she has

The effect of the Touch is permanent (though
new mind-influencing powers can be inflicted). This
power can not be used on oneself, The only thing it
cannotcure isa Malkavian'sclan derangement (though
even this may be temporarily subdued).

Obfuscate

As noted by many Nosferatu, Obfuscate is common
only among the Low Clans. While scholars among the
Lepers have waxed long about the implications and


COMPULSIVE INVISIBILITY

his derangement manifests in users of

Obfuscate who either have a touch of
paranoia or who insist on walking around cloaked
at every possible moment. In the end, the sufferer
of this derangement cannot turn off her Obfus-
cate. The player may roll Willpower (difficulty 6)
to have her character drop the Obfuscate for an
important situation, butshe will resume the invis:
ibility at the earliest opportunity.

ramifications of this, an unnamed Malkavian Furore
probably expressed the reason best when she said, "Those
thrice-damned Artisans and Warlords would rather
shine like a beacon to all enemies than try to hide their
much-vaunted glory for just a while." The Nosferatu are
traditionally thought to be the masters of Obfuscate
(and it is true that many of the advanced powers have
originated with thisclan), butthe Assamites, Malkavians
and Setites also have their secrets.

For those who focus too much on Obfuscate, the
derangementsof Amnesia, Multiple Personalities (with
a separate Mask for each), Paranoia and Compulsive
Invisibility (see sidebar) are appropriate

eeeee oSnvisible Weapon

This power can be a potent tool for an assassin or
thief. Invisible Weapon cloaks a weapon with Obfus-
cate, allowing the wielder to walk around with it
drawn without attracting attention, and also to strike
at a target with the advantage of total surprise. The
infamous Nosferatu assassin Vyacheslav of Bulgaria,

who is fast becoming a well-used tool in vampiric
conflicts in the Byzantine successor states, is known to
wield this power.

ystem: The character chooses his weapon. The
player spends a blood point and rolls Manipulation +
Melee (difficulty 7), with the power lasting one hour

per success. The weapon is cloaked by Obfuscate and
is invisible to anyone who does not have sufficient
Auspex to see through the Obfuscate. The vampire
can walk through a crowded bazaar with a drawn
sword and no one will notice. If the character decides
to attack someone, the victim cannot see the attack
coming. If any person has reason to suspect an attack
(such as seeing the user approach and then swing at
her), she may attempt a defensive action, such as a
dodge or parry, at +3 difficulty. Any attack breaks the
invisibility of the weapon, but only with regard to the
person attacked. Others still see the wielder as empty-

handed. After attacking, the wielder can choose to
maintain the weapon's complete invisibility ;at the
cost of one Willpower each round. A defensive action
against a still-cloaked weapon is at +2 difficulty, as the
target knows that a weapon is employed, but cannot
see it. This power also works on bows and crossboust
cloaking the missiles fired, as well as on thrown
weapons

Despite the name, this power can actually be used
on anything the vampire holds in her hands. This
makes it quite an efficient tool for a thief. When not
being used to conceal a weapon, the activation rollis
Manipulation + Larceny.

eevee ce Veilof Blissful Ignorance

Veil of Blissful Ignorance forcefully Obfuscates
the target, making her all alone in the world as those
around her ignore her. Most people find this a harrow.
ing experience, cut off as they are from friends, family
and even passers-by. Malkavians use this to drive their
Nosferatu might try to teach
ahumbling lesson with this power, while a Followerof

targets into madness. /

Set can prey on the insecurities of someone cut off
from society.

System: The character must touch the intended
victim. The player spends. blood point and rolls Wits
+ Stealth, with a difficulty equal to the victim's
Appearance + 3. Inhuman-looking targets (those
with Appearance 0) are difficulty 8. Cappadocian
victims receive an additional +1 difficulty. If the roll
succeeds, the target is considered to be under the
effects of Vanish from the Mind's Eye (Obfuscate 4,
Dark Ages: Vampire p. 198) for a duration deter
mined by the number of successes.

Successes Duration
1 succes Three turns.
2 sticcesses One minute (Approximately

20 combat turns).
Fifteen minutes.
One hour:

Until sunrise:

3 successes
4 successes

5 successes

The victim does not necessarily know that sheis
affected by this power — she just notices that every
one is ignoring her. The Veil cannot be broken even
by an attack, and the victim of such an attack will
attribute it to either a nearby person or the acts ofa
demon. Curiously, this power has no effect upon
someone who accepts it willingly.

q

oe cee Horrid Countenance

Apower that appeals equally to the Nosferatu and
Malkavian clans, Horrid Countenance veils the user
ihanillusion somewhat similar to Mask ofa Thousand
Faces (Obfuscate 3, Dark Ages: Vampire p. 198), yet
With important differences. Instead of a human ap-
Pearance, the character takes on the aspect of a
fightmarish creature, invoking blind panic in those
aound him. Like all Obfuscate powers, this effect is
mental, affecting the mind of the target rather than
the actual senses; each person looking at the user of
this power sees something different, dredged up from
his the deepest fears. The user has no idea what
different people may see, unless she possesses suffi-
Gent Auspex to read thoughts (and chooses to look).

System: The player spends one Willpower point.
Players of normal mortals must make a Willpower roll
Wifficulty 8). If this is botched, the mortal dies of
fight. If it fails, she collapses into acoma and awakens
after an hour with a permanent derangement. With
One or two successes, the victim cowers in abject fear;
and with three or more successes, she flees. Animals
and animal ghouls flee automatically.

Ghouls are subject to the same rules as mortals,
hut with the effects reduced one step (so a failure
indicates that she cowers). Three or more successes
indicates only a strong fear, reducing all dice pools not
involved with getting away from the nightmare by
two. Vampires must first check for Rétschreck at
difficulty 9. If the check is successful, the vampire
feduces all dice pools by two as above, until the player
has gained five successes on an extended unmodified
Courage roll (difficulty 7). If the Horrid Countenance
attacks, the vampire must check for frer
in mortal danger.

y as ifhe were

Lupines viewing the Horrid Countenance tend to
Hintoahomicidal frenzy (moreso than normal when
encountering Cainites), ignoring anything and any-
One in order to get to the character. Those who are
blessed by God sometimes ignore the effects of Horrid
Countenance entirely.

eeeocecece

Obscure God's Creation

No record of this power actually exists. That
Methuselahs of certain clans might be able to achieve
Sich an effect is purely theoretical, the logical ex-
trapolation of the Obfuscate Discipline. Cainite
scholars sometimes point out (somewhat fearfully)
that if such a power does exist, there would be no way
{0 verify it, anyway. Obscure God's Creation allows

the elder to remove an object or person from another's
perception entirely.

System: In order to inflict Obscure God's Creation
ona victim, the character needs to see him. The player
rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge (difficulty equal to the
target's Willpower), and spends a variable number of
Willpower points depending on the size of the subject.
One point is needed to cloak anything up to the size of
asword, two to cloak something up to the size of a horse
(people fall into this category), three to cloak a building
and four to cloak an entire castle. A certain number of
successes are required to overcome the victim's emo-
tional attachment to the object; additional successes
determine the duration of the power.

Successes
0 successes

Emotional Attachment/Duration
No emotional attachment/1 hour
Knows the subject/1 night
Hasslightfeelingsforthesubject/1 week
Has feelings for the subject/1 month
Hasstrongfeelingsabout the subject/1 year
Thetarget'ssire, parents orplace ofbirth/
Permanent

1 success
2 successes
3 successes
4 successes
5 successes

The invoking vampire can cancel Obscure God's
Creation at any time

Example: The ancient Follower of Set
Nebmaatsutekh decides to teach a young clanmate a
lesson after he questions her on the dogma of their
faith. She decides to remove the foolish youngster's
haven, containing his own personal shrine to Set,
from his mind. First, the Storyteller spends three
points of Willpower in order for Nebmaatsutekh to
affect a building. She then rolls Nebmaatsutekh's
Manipulation + Subterfuge. The Storyteller decides
that a haven merits four successes (the youngster feels
strongly about his home), so this is the minimum that
must be achieved. With four successes, the power will
last for just one hour, since no successes are allocated
to duration. If the roll garners six successes, however,
the power lasts for an entire week.

Brotean

The art of shapeshifting is one of the greatest
strengths of the Gangrel clan, whether for combat or
survival. In fact, this is probably the single most
desired clan-specific Discipline; and in earlier nights,
many Gangrel freely taught the secrets of Protean to
other vampires, particularly those following the Via
Bestiae. This is no longer the case, as the War of


UNCONTROL

ormally, the use of Protean requires con
& scious effort from the user. Someone

suffering from Uncontrolled Shifting, however,

D SHIFTING

finds her body responding to subconscious im-
pulses and her form shifting without her conscious
hould a Gangrel find herself angry, she
grows Talons of the Beast; if she fears for her unlife,

desire.

she assumes Body of Spirit. This not only uses up
blood, but can also be embarrassing or downright
dangerous (activating Talons of the Beast is the

ainite equivalent of drawing a sword). Spending
a point of Willpower suppresses this for a scene,
although especially strong stimuli might still trig
ger a change (Storyteller's discretion).

Princes induces paranoia and mistrust. Protean is a
very instinctual Discipline, and it can quite easily
open the user's mind to derangements such as Lunacy,
Obsession (with an animal form) or Uncontrolled
Shifting (see sidebar).

eoceee Proteus' Bane

Let the Tzimisce believe that they are the masters
of form the Gangrel know better. It is within
Gangrel blood that the true secrets of shape mastery
lie, and with it a Gangrel may exert his mastery over
others, forcing them out of their assumed forms. All
that is required is for the Gangrel's blood to come into
contact with the target.

System: The user of this power must first manage
to stain the victim with some of her blood — even a
tiny amount will do, but it must touch flesh. If the
target has attacked and damaged the user witha sharp,
natural weapon (such as claws or teeth), this condi-
tion is considered fulfilled. The Storyteller may also
tule that if the target has inflicted at least two health
levels of damage ina single strike with ashort weapon,
such as a dagger, enough blood has been splattered to
fulfill this condition. Otherwise, the most common
methods are to smear blood (at least one point's
worth) on the palm of a hand and then touch the
target (requiring a Dexterity + Brawl roll, difficulty
varies according to the type of clothing worn by the
target) or to flick it at the target (range of 10 feet and
requires a Dexterity + Athletics roll). The blood can
also be sprinkled surreptitiously, or it can be slipped
into something the victim is about to drink. All that
is required is that the blood is wet.

In order to activate the power, the user must be
able to see the target. The player spends an additional
point of blood (beyond any used to stain the target)
and rolls Perception + Survival (difficulty 7). Two
successes are necessary for the power to work. If these
are achieved, the targ:

t immediately assumes her
natural form, dispelling any and all shapeshifting
effects, no matter how minor. The power lasts for one
scene or until the user's blood has been washed off
(requiring at least one turn, and then only if the victim
immerses herself in water). As long as the power
remains active, the user can deny the target any
shapeshifting she may attempt.

The power dispels any shapeshifting Discipline
power of level 6 or below, generally from Disciplines
such as Obtenebration, Protean, Serpentis and Vicis-
situde. Italso works on the natural shapeshifting of the
Lupines (although not consistently
werewolves do change into human form, but others
become wolves or even assume the dreaded man-wolf
form that vampires so fear). Note that this cannot
remove the animal characteristics that Gangrel gain

some

due to frenzy — the Curse of Caine is not so easily
circumvented. Also, it does not dispel Obfuscate or
Chimerstry effects, as these Disciplines do not enact

physical changes.

ecccecce Form of the Bloodswarm

Form of the Bloodswarm allows the wielder to
disperse herself into a number of small creatures. Rats
are a favorite, though Scandinavian Gangrel might
prefer ravens or crows while a Laibon might tend

towards scorpions or spiders. The wielder of this power
may reform from one or more of these creatures, but
forfeits any blood carried by creatures that do not
rejoin the whole.

System: If the wielder of this power decides to
change into a swarm of relatively large creatures, such
as rats or crows, the maximum number of creaturesis
equal to the number of blood points she currently
possesses — fewer may be chosen, in which case the
blood is divided as evenly as possible. Should she
choose to change into smaller creatures, such as scor
pions or spiders, this number is multiplied by five, but
each group of five creatures must stay within a few
inches of each other or else they dissolve into a pool
of blood. The transformation takes a single turn. The
creatures may act in concert, directed by the mind of
the user, or they may follow a simple plan, such as
"head for the ruined church and hide." The useris only
able to pay close attention to one creature at a time.


I

ae

5

She may, for example, spy upon an is disquieting at best, grotesquely horrifying at
enemy in the body of a single crow ya worst. This power was displayed by the
while the rest fly off to safety. 7 einherjar Gangrel Ragnar the Strong, and
earned him a notoriety that stretched
across most of Europe during the
time of the Vikings. What even-

tually became of Ragnar is

Form of the Bloodswarm
lasts until sunrise, or until the
user decides to reform. When
the choice to reform is made,
all the creatures within 20 feet
are absorbed, along with the
blood they are carrying. If this

unknown — rumor among
the Scandinavian Gangrel
suggests he lost himself to
leaves the user with three or his Beast and now roams
fewer blood points, she must im- the wilderness of Finland.

mediately check for frenz

System: In order to ac-
tivate Shape of the Inner
Beast, the Gangrel must first
meet one of the following

Creatures that do not rejoin the
body when it first reforms con-
tinue to follow the last order they
were given, and may be reabsorbed
later during the night. At dawn, the +

user is forced to reform; any part that 4 ip
{

qualifications: being
wounded with aggravated
damage; being at Wounded
or worse with lethal damage;
é or about to frenzy. If none of
sun isabove the horizon. The user, ( these situations apply, the
has total control of how many
creatures of the available crea-
tures she reforms from.

is not present turns into a small
heap of bloody ashes as soon as the

player must roll Instinct or
Self-Control (difficulty
9). Activating the power
requires the expenditure
of one point of Willpower
and three blood points, in

When in disassembled form,
the vampire may only use the
following Disciplines: Animal-
ism, Auspex, Celerity, Fortitude,
Obfuscate and Potence. Any blood
expenditure comes from the individual
creature (or group of five, in the
tase ofsmaller creatures) in ques-

any case.

As soon as the power is
activated, the Gangrel en-
¢ oe ters frenzy. This frenzy

if. if ~~ * differs from the state de-

tion, and a component creature ua scribed on page 263 of Dark
¢ 4 * — Ages: Vampire in that the

} frenzied vampire istotally im-
mune to any and all
mind-affecting powersexcept

feduced to zero blood is imme-
diately destroyed.

tocce cee Shape
qf the Tuner Beast

A most fearsome mani-
festation of a Cainite's Beast,
Shape of the Inner Beast is a
power used only in the most
dire of circumstances; once
activated, the Gangrel be-
comes a killing machine
Whose only purpose is to de-
sttoy. The power actually
brings the Beast to the surface
and gives it physical reign of.
the vampire's body. The result

for Animalism, and that she
also ignores movement pen-
alties from wounds. In
addition, no roll is necessary
to spend blood to heal dur-
ing combat. However, the
only Disciplines the charac-

ter may use are Celerity,
Fortitude, Potence, Pro-

1

tean and Auspe
(Heightened Senses).
The Gangrel's body
warps and shapes itself
to resemble a physical

WT
7 oe te yas Se ee a.

CHAPTER FOUR.

LOOD-


manifestation of her inner Beast. The player and
Storyteller determine just how this Beast looks, but it
is always nightmarish, drawing upon the deepest,
darkest parts of the vampire's mind. The Beast also
shifts form in a grotesque, fluid way, never looking the
same as it did moments before. Anyone witnessing the
transformation, friend or foe, risks Rétschreck (mor-
tals flee), rolling Courage at difficulty 7; and those
forced to face the Beast incarnate in combat must
make a similar check and then also check for frenzy
(difficulty

Shape of the Inner Beast has many benefits, in

5) as the creature calls to their own Beasts.

addition to those already described. First, the Beast
vampire's frame with unearthly strength
and vigor, adding three dots each to Strength and
Stamina. In addition, the vampire grows talon on
hands and feet (as Talons of the Beast, Dark Age:
Vampire p. 205), and her maw distends so that biting
becomes

infuses the

‘asier, making grappling unnecessary for a
bite attack. The Beast is able to subtly reshape the
body of the Gangrel instinctually, repairing damage
and shying away fromattacks. The Beast also possesses
superior senses. In game terms, the Gangrel receives
two additional dice to both to Perception and Dodge,
gains two additional soak dice, and regenerates a
single bashing health level of damage at the end each
turn without blood expenditure. Aggravated damage
can be healed without the need for rest, though the
player must still spend five blood points and one
Willpower point.

Canceling this power is difficult. It automatically
ends at sunrise or when there are no perceivable living
(or undead) targets nearby, but ending it before that
requires the expenditure of a point of Willpower and
an Instinct/Self-Control roll (difficulty 9). Once a
character escapes from this form, she loses all her
temporary Willpower. Also, the player must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 7). If this roll fails, the
character receives a temporary derangement (usually
tied to some unconscious desire or fear). If the roll is
botched, the derangement is permanent.

eecee coos Wdaptation

Members of the Gangrel clan are survivors first
and foremost, and the most ancient of Methuselahs
might exemplify this through the power of Adapta-
tion. This power gives the Gangrel's body over to its
own survival instinct, with free rein over the power of
shapeshifting. A Gangrel with Adaptation is all but
impossible to destroy, unless she runs out of blood.

System: Activating Adaptation requires the ex
penditure of a Willpower point. The power lasts until

ya Vel ne

it is consciously cancelled or until the character runs
out of blood. Adaptation causes the character to alter
her body automatically and instinctually in response
to outside stimuli, in order to survive whatever hard-
ship might befall her. Just how these shifts occur is up
to the Storyteller, but each change costs one pointof
blood and takes from one to three turns to complet
For example, should the character fall off a tall cliff,
her body softens to absorb the impact. In a fire, blood
runs to the surface of the skin to boil away before the
flames can touch the skin. Should the character flee or
chase her

prey, her legs lengthen and grow more
muscular. In combat, her heart is protected behind
bony shields and her arms lengthen and strengthen
The ¢
heal wounds, as described under Shape of the Inner
Beast above. The possibilities are endless and in each
case, the St

jangrel's body also shifts to avoid damage and

‘oryteller must be prepared to assign the
game effects of the shift.

Guietus

The Assamites are ancient masters of vampiric
while the lower levels of Quietus merely allow
an Assamite to affect her own vitae, more advanced.
powers deal with the blood of other vampires. Those
who focus too much on Quietus risk derangements of
Hysteria (due to an imbalance in her blood), Melan-
cholia (also due to imbalance), Sanguinary Animism
and Blood Fetishism (see sidebar)

eeeee oRapturous Touch

With this level of mastery over blood, an Assamite
is able to absorb blood through the skin anywhere on
her body, as long as she is in contact either with the
blood itself or, in the case of blood in a body, an
uncovered part of that body. Usually, this power is
used to surreptitiously drain blood from a vessel, butit
can also be used as an attack during a grapple. It can
also be used to save face — a starving Assamite faced

with a pool of blood on the floor may drink it simply

BLoop FetisHisM
Warrior

erange
ment is an unhealthy fascination with blood
Those suffering from it will often cut them
selves and others to watch the blood flow, feed

ost often seen among th
caste of Assamites, this

often and slowly to savor the taste, smear blood
on themselves and perform other disturbing
acts, from which they gain a deep, psychologi-

cal fulfillment.

m
ik
us
ni
bl

w
tu

m

es
bl
ei
dy

of
th
(a

o1

by placing his palm in it (or his foot, should he be
barefooted), rather than licking it up.

System: This power is always in effect once
learned. Any part of the Assamite's body may absorb
blood as if the Assamite were drinking it, with all the
tisks that entails (blood oath, poisoning, etc). How-
ever, the effects of the Kiss (described on page 164 of
Dark Ages: Vampire) are lessened when this method
‘of feeding is used. Mortals may resist as if they were
yampires, and vampires resist at difficulty 6. Also, the
Assamite may drink only two blood points per round,
Not three.

soocece Dam the Heart's River

Assamites who reach this level of Quietus become
Masters at controlling the flow of blood in an undead
body. While Dam the Heart's River is most normally
sed to deny an enemy access to her blood (hence the
fame), it can also be used to force a victim to spend
blood, depleting her store and possibly pushing her
intoa hunger frenzy. This last application can be quite
4potent tool to use against an unsuspecting target,
who can be driven into a frenzy at the most inoppor-
{une moments (say, at the prince's court).

Dam the Heart's River can also be used, with
much reduced effect, on mortals.

System: This power requires first that the Assamite
établish skin-to-skin contact with the target (possi-
bly requiring a Dexterity + Brawl roll). She can then
either choose to invoke the power immediately, or
delay it by spending a number of Willpower points.
The power can be de
of Willpower and then invoked at any time within
thatinterval, as long as the Assamite cansee her target

ayed for up to one hour per point

{all Willpower points spent to delay the onset remain
spent no matter how short the interval may be). In
order to activate this power, the player rolls Stamina
+ Medicine (difficulty of the target's Stamina + 3,
maximum 9), and spends a Willpower point. If suc-
cessful, Dam the Heart's River lasts for a minimum
number of turns equal to the Assamite's unmodified
Stamina, plus one turn per success. While this power
isin effect, the Assamite has total control over the
target's blood expenditure (subject to the target's
normal generation limitations), and she can prevent
the target from spending any bloodatall. The Assamite
instinctively knows whether or not the target pos-
sesses any Disciplines that requires blood expenditure,
and can forcibly activate such Disciplines.

If used against mortals, Dam the Heart's River
simply induces symptoms similar to very low blood
pressure: dizziness, lethargy and reduced stamina.

The target loses one die from both Dexterity and
Strength, as well as all Stamina dice pools con-
nected with endurance.

eecce coe Bloodof Destruction

Some Assamites have attained such a degree of
control over their own blood that they may turn it into
avirulent, destructive, acid-like venom that eats through
flesh, bone, metal and glass with ease. When Blood of
Destruction is in effect, anyone attacking the Assamite
risks damage to herself or her weapon from the splattered
blood. Anyone drinking from the Assamite is likely to be
dead before she re
poison his own w

s her mistake. The user may also
apons, allowing them to inflict hor-
tible damage for a short while.

System: In order to activate Blood of Destruc-
tion, the player simply spends a point of blood in the
Spend Blood phase of a turn (see p. 238 of Dark Age:
Vampire). All vitae in the character's system then
becomes a highly virulent and acidic venom, though
it looks and smells normal. This venom does not hurt
the Assamite himself in any way. Anyone attacking
the Assamite with a slashing or piercing weapon that
inflicts at least one health level of damage loses her
weapon at the end of the turn, as the venom corrodes
away metal and wood. Especially well made weapons
(five or more successes in forging them) last for one
more turn, while weapons created with powers such as
the Potence power Master of the Forge (described in
Players Guide to the High Clans) last for three turns.
In addition, an attacker might be splattered with the
venomous blood. The attacker's player makes a reflex-
ive Dexterity + Dodge roll, difficulty 6 (modified for
the length of the weapon at the Storyteller's discre-
tion); she must achieve at least as many successes as
she inflicted health levels of damage on the Assamite.
If the roll fails, the attacker suffers two levels of
aggravated damage. Anyone attacking the Assamite
with a natural weapon that breaks the skin (such as
Protean 2, Talons of the Beast, or Serpentis 2, Tongue
of the Asp) suffers two aggravated health levels of
damage automatically, and must then dodge as above.
Should someone drink the Assamite's blood, she
suffers three unsoakable aggravated health levels of
damage per blood point consumed.

The Assamite may use this venomous blood of-
fensively in three different ways. First, she may bite

her own tongue or cheek and spit blood at her oppo-

nent, with a range of 3 feet per point of Strength (plus
Potence, if applicable), rolling Dexterity + Athletics
tohitas if with a thrown weapon. This attack costs two
blood points and inflicts three levels of aggravated


damage, with no bonus for additional successes. Sec-
ond, she may slash her hands and touch an opponent,
inflicting one aggravated health level of damage. If
the target is wearing a shield or armor, the blood first
destroys the shield or armor; wood or leather is de-
stroyed in one turn, metal in two, with bonuses for
craftsmanship as stated above. This application of the
power requires the expenditure of one blood point.
Third, she may spend a round to carefully apply a thin
layer of the venomous blood (one point's worth) to a
weapon. The weapon then inflicts
an additional die of damage. All damage from the
weapon is considered aggravated, but the weapon

slashing or piercir

loses one die from its damage pool per turn after the
first. Once the weapon drops to Strength — 2 damage
(including the bonus from Blood of Destruction), it
breaks and disintegrates

Outside of combat, Blood of Destruction can be
used to open doors, get rid of evidence, torture a
prisoner, etc.

Blood of Destruction lasts for a scene. Damage
inflicted with Blood of Destruction can only be soaked
with Fortitude.

eocce coon Weaken the Blood of the
Ancients

This is the ultimate expression of the mastery of
vampiric vitae that wielders of Quietus possess. With
this power, an Assamite can strip away the potency of
another vampire's blood, actually increasing her gen-
eration and pushing her further away from Caine
Doing so can be a terrible punishment, a lesson in
humility or a weapon against an enemy

System: In order to use Weaken the Blood of the
Ancients ona Cainite, the Assamite's blood must first
enter the target; usually the target drinks the blood or
is pierced by a bloodied blade. After that, the player
and victim engage in a contested Willpower roll. The
difficulty for the player is the victim's Road rating,
while the victim's difficulty is the Assamite's Will-
power. For each success by which the Assamite beats

her victim, that victim's effective generation is in-

creased by one; with five net successes, a user would
reduce a seventh generation Cainite to 12th genera-
tion. This effect lasts for a number of nights equal to
(10 — the victim's Conviction/Conscience).

This power can normally only reduce a victim to
12th generation. Reducing a victim to 13th genera-
tion requires two successes beyond what was needed
for 12th. Theoretically, with extreme effort (three
successes more), a victim can be reduced to 14th

+ PLAYERS,

generation, though few Assamites can imagine the
blood of Caine being so diluted.

When a Cainite is under the effect of this power,
she loses access to all the benefits of her former
generation, such as higher blood pool (excess bloodis
vomited up or leaks from the victim's skin and eyes);
whom she can Dominate and be Dominated by; and
possibly increased blood spending, high-level Disci-
plines and Traits above 5. A victim reduced to 14th
generation also acquires the Weak Blood Flaw (see
page 309 of Dark Ages: Vampire).

Serpentis

Followers of Set are taught that Serpentis is nota
Discipline, it is a gift from their god, to be used in the
battle against Osiris. To the Setites, using Serpentisis
a religious experience; the higher levels of the Disci-
pline signify not just greater understanding of Serpentis,
but also of Set. Because of the religious aspec

Serpentis can be quite a seductive power that can
inflict derangements of Fantasy, Megalomania, Ob-
session (with rituals), Perfectionism, Visions (from
Set) and Disregard of Human Form (see sidebar).

eeeee o Aspect of the Good
Tothe

is their way of coming closer to Se'

"ollowers of Set, the Discipline of Serpentis
With the lower
levels, only relatively minor changes are possible, but

once a Setite has reached this level of enlightenment,
she is able to take on one of the many aspects of Set
While it is not a necessity, most Setites ritually purify
Aspect of the God, using
scented oils mixed with beer (Set's holy drink).

themselves before enacting

System: Upon purchasing this power, the player
chooses once of the aspects below as favored. Activat
ing the favored aspect requires only the expenditure of
a blood point. To activate any other aspect requires
the expenditure of a Willpower point as well. If this
power is acquired again, a new favored aspect may be

DisREGARD OF HUMAN Form

(Mix Serpentis, a Follower of Set may
approach the perfection of Set. As

such, some Setites develop a complete disregard
for their human form, instead preferring to adopt
one of the forms Serpentis can bestow. If anyone
tries to talk a character out of assuming or remain
ing in sucha form, the player must check for frer

(difficulty 4), as the suggestion that she should
abandon her closeness to the god is insulting


added. Aspect of the God lasts for one scene and only
one aspect can be activated at any one time. The
character's hair becomes red, a sig
of the aspects but one.

© Set the King: Before the joining of the two
kingdoms of Egypt, Set was the king-god of Upper
Egypt. When assuming this aspect, the vampire seems
more imposing, regal and intimidating, and her voice
takes on an aspect of command. She automatically

n of Set's favor, inall

gains three dice to all Intimidation and Leadership
dice pools, as well as all dice pools regarding command
or dignit

¢ Set the Warrior: Set was a warrior-god, and the
Egyptians believed he fought the serpent Apep when
it tried to swallow the sun-god Ra on his journey
through the underworld. When assuming this aspect,
the vampire grows some 6 inches in height and be-
comes more muscular. She not only gains one die to all
physical Attributes, she also receives an additional
soak die and two additional Hurt health levels. This
power alone does not confer the ability to soak aggra-
vated damage (but a Setite intent on entering battle
May activate Serpentis 3, Skin of the Adder, in addi-
tion to Aspect of the God)

* Master of Storms: In his destructive aspect, one
of Set's domains is storms. When assuming this aspect,
the character may mystically enhance ranged weapons
with her blood. All that is required is that the character
touches the weapon or projectile and spends a blood
point. The weapon or projectile must be launched no
later than the next round. A focused blast of wind helps
guide the attack, adding two dice to the attack pool and
two automatic damage successes, as well as increasing
the range of the missile by 50%.

* Lord of All Outside Egypt: Set's last incamation
was that of ruler of everything outside Egypt. When
assuming this aspect, the character and her clothing
change so that she resembles perfectly a member of
whatever society she is currently in. The quality of her
clothing does not change, however. For example, should
aSetite find herself in England wearing Egyptian peas-
ant clothing, assuming this aspect makes her look like a
typical English person wearing English peasant clothing.
The character may choose whether to retain her normal
Appearance rating or have Appearance 2. She
instinctually speaks the native language of the area and
knows about customs and social mores. This power does

not work in Egypt and, curiously, does not fool an
Egyptian native. This is the only power that does not
necessarily confer red hair.

Ruler of the Desert: Set was a desert god, ruling
over the poisonous snakes and scorpions found there.

When assuming this aspect, the character becomes
thin and loses all pallor, looking instead weathered
and sunburned; he also assumes a normal human body
temperature. In addition to the help this offers when
it comes to masquerading as a human, the Setite also
becomes immune to any and all poisons, natural and
supernatural (including any effects of Quietus Disci-
pline up to level 6).

eecce co Seed of Corruption

This power originated with the Typhonic Setites
of Constantinople — probably with Khay'tall himself.
The more devout (or fanatical) Setites do not know
about it and would consider it heretical if they did.
Seed of Corruption is a powerful tool when it comes to
subjugating an enemy, slowly eroding away his morals

and ethics.

System: Seed of Corruption requires that the
target consume at least one blood point from the
Setite. Once this blood has entered the victim's sys-

tem, the player must roll Manipulation + Subterfuge,
with a difficulty equal to the target's Road rating (or
Willpower, if the target has no Road rating). The
power lasts for one lunar month per success.

The effects of Seed of Corruption are threefold.
First, it delves into the subconscious of the victim and
causes buried or repressed desires and hatreds to flare
up suddenly from time to time. At least once per night
(more frequently should the victim come face to face
with an object of her desire or hatred), the victim
should suddenly feel an impulse to act in a manner
appropriate to her subconscious desire or hate. For
example, she may find herself wanting to murder a
tival's favorite ghoul, despite the possible repercus-
sions. Generally, itrequiresa Willpower roll (difficulty
6) not to give in to the compulsion (though great
stress or other factors might modify this at the
Storyteller' discretion).

Second, Seed of Corruption increases the intensity of
feelings and thoughts that the victim is trying to repress.
All Conscience/Conviction rolls are at +2 difficulty.

Finally, the victim's thoughts tend to gravitate
toward her greatest insecurity or point of pride, de-
pending on the type of person the victim is. A
narcissistic Toreador might find that she contem-
plates her own beauty quite often, being distracted
even during important matters by any reflective sur-
face; while a devout Brujah who questions his own
piousness might be wracked by pangs of remorse and
guilt. Whenever a situation that touches upon these
insecurities or prides arises, the victim must roll Self-
Control/Instinct (difficulty 7). If this roll is failed, the


victim gives in to the urges. The narcissistic Toreador
might spend hours pampering herself or seeking praise,
while the devout Brujah might seek out a confessor or
flagellate himself for his doubt.

eevee coe Body of the Great Lord Set

"Your body is the house of the God." Thus say the
Methuselahs of the Followers of Set and they have the
power to prove it. They may call upon the sacred blood
within them to grant them powers comparable to those
wielded by the great god Sutekh himself. This is not
something done lightly and usually, all non-believers
who have witnessed this power in use are slain or
enslaved, as itis blasphemy for those who do not worship
Set to look upon such holiness.

System: Activating Body of the Great Lord Set
requires the player to spend a point of Willpower. The
character concentrates for a turn, speaking a prayer to
Set. The Setite then grows to an amazing 6'6" in height
and sprouts a mane of flaming red hair. Her body
becomes muscular and perfectly proportioned while her
face takes on a regal cast and her entire demeanor
becomes self-confident and superior.

A vampire using Body of Set receives the following
modifications to Attributes: +3 to Strength, Dexterity,
Stamina and Charisma. Appearance becomes 9. In
addition, she receives three automatic successes on all
Intimidation, Leadership and Melee rolls. She may soak
aggravated damage from any source except sunlight with
her full Stamina + Fortitude. She radiates an aura of
respect comparable to Majesty (Presence 5) — enemies
are stricken with fear, while allies are bolstered by this
aura, receiving an automatic success on all Virtue and
Willpower rolls. While under the influence of Body of
Set, the Setite also becomes immune to Rétschreck and
all mind-affecting powers of level eight and lower sub-
tract three successes when applied to her.

Body of the Great Lord Set lasts for a scene and can
be combined with all other Serpentis powers except
Aspect of the God, Skin of the Adder and Form of the
Cok
offering to Set, usually by anointing a statue of the god

After it ends, the Setite must make a proper

with beer and blood. If she fails to do so, the player must
make a Conscience/Conviction roll (difficulty 9) in
order for the character not to lose a point of Road. The
Setite is at -2 to all dice pools until the offering is made
regardless of the result of the roll.

eocce coee Bact withRa

This power is ancient, but had been lost until a
few decades ago when the Setite Methuselah
Nebmaatsutekh awoke from torpor and demonstrated

it to the followers who flocked to her. Pact with Ra
calls upon the debt incurred when Set defended Ra
against the monstrous serpent Apep (also known @&
Apophis), who sought to devour Ra as he traveled
through the underworld. Though Osiris later com
Set, Set's childer might still, at
considerable cost, invoke the alliance that once ex
isted between Raand theirsire. When this is done, the
Setite is freed from the greatest curse of his kind; the
pain of the sun.

manded Ra to curse

System: Pact with Ra can only be invoked at
sunrise or during the day. In order to do so, the player
spends a permanent point of Willpower. From then
until the next sunrise, the character is utterly unaf
fected by sunlight and daytime. She may act without
any penalties to dice pools, does not suffer from the
lethargy that normally affects vampires during the
day, and is wounded neither by normal sunlightnorby
sunlight created by magic

Discipline Techniques

The following powers represent a mere handfulof
the tricks known to the Low Clans. Innovation among
such vampires is the rule, since the dregs of Cainite
society must cultivate every advantage they can. The
Gangrel, in particular find their powers as flexible as
their blood. Many Discipline techniques represent
divergences and bloodlines that almost were, or prac
tices rooted in a particular culture. Any vampire may
purchase these powers with Storyteller permission,
though finding a teacher may prove difficult. The Low
Clans are loath to share their secrets with rivals and
would-be rulers.

Aura of AccursedNRage
(Animalism 3, Bresence z)

Originally obtained by the Gangrel from Brujah
adherents to the Road of the Beast, this fearsome
power unlocks the savagery in every Cainite's soul:

Such rage knows neither friend nor foe, and incat-
tious use of this Discipline can transform a prince'
stately court into a gore-splattered abattoir in a matter
of minutes. At least one reckless Nosferatu has reput-
edly achieved this feat, though perhaps this is onlya
legend of the Low Clans.

System: The player spends one blood point and
rolls Charisma + Intimidation (difficulty 7). The
difficulty of all Self-Control rolls to resist frenzy ine
creases by +1 per success for the rest of the scene. This
power affects all vampires within range of the
character's sight — including the character using the

a.

THELOW CI i PL,


power. Vampires who leave the character's sight still
suffer for the remainder of the scene; vampires who
enter the scene after this power is invoked are not
affected. A botch on the activation roll triggers imme-
diate Rétschreck in the character, although other
yampires are not affected

Experience Cos

Bear's Shin
(Animalism2, Brotean +)

According to legend, some berserks take on the
fearsome aspect of bears while in the midst of their
battle rage. With this power, Gangrel einherjar bring
truth to that legend.

System: The vampire must be in frenzy to use this
power. The player spends one blood point at the begin-
ningof the turn. Overthe next few seconds, the vampire's
muscles twist and bulge while heavy fur sprouts over his
entire body, growing thickest where he normally has
hair. As skin toughens to leather, the vampire's maw
Widens in a fanged half-muzzle capable of biting through
limbs. In this state, the vampire gains an additional two
dots of Strength and Stamina, as well as the effects of the
Maw Merit (see p. 184). Characters with Fortitude may
also soak all sources of aggravated damage with their full
Stamina + Fortitude. The transformation brought about
by this power lasts as long as the frenzy

Experience Cost: 28

Beast's Vigor
(Animalism s, Fortitude s)

Through the bond of regnant and thrall, a vampire
with this Discipline technique can use the vitality of a
nearby animal ghoul to absorb her injuries. Transferred
wounds ravage the animal's body, seemingly without
cause. Ifthe animal survives, healing results in extensive
scarring and whitened fur. Elder Ravnos have been
known to evince a more powerful version of this art,
transferring injuries to human thralls.

System: The player spends one blood point and rolls
Stamina + Animal Ken (difficulty 8). Each success
transfers one health level of damage (of any type) to a
singleanimal ghoul within line of sight. Use of this power
isteflexive, but must be done immediately aftera vampire
receives wounds (i.e. after the soak roll). Only the
yampire's own ghouls may be affected with this power.

Experience Cost: 21

An alternate form of this art, Scourge the Thrall,
requires Animalism 4 and Fortitude 4 and costs 28
experience points. This art functions much the same,

except that wounds may be transferred to human ghouls
so longas they are under the blood oath to the vampire.

Blessings Warning
(Ausperz, Daimoinon s)

The Tremere obtained knowledge of this art from the
Baali bloodline in exchange for unknown favors (probably
related to the purge of the Salubri). With it, a vampire's
Soulsight (Auspex 2, p. 176 of Dark Ages: Vampire) can
detect the Blessed and their relics, fervent followers of the
Road of Heaven—and sometimes, the third eye of Saulot.
A few Tremere wonder why the Salubrican be sensed with
a power meant to find God's favor — and quietly fear the
significance of such a mark. Those who have such doubts
wisely keep them to themselves.

System: This technique functions exactly like the
Auspex power Soulsight. However, if the character
specifically looks for marks of holiness, the number of
One
success can sense a golden nimbus surrounding holy relics
and the Blessed. Holy ground shines with a soft radiance
of its own, infusing all that rests upon it with light. Three
successes can spot any adherent of the Road of Heaven
whose Road rating is high enough to trigger a positive
aura modifier (8+). The light surrounding such beings is
much softer than that enveloping mortals touched by
higher powers, so the two can never be mistaken for one
another. Five successes spots the third eye of the Salubri
as a blazing brand on the Cyclops' forehead.

Experience Cost: 14

successes determines what the vampire is able to see.

Craft Ephemera
(Chimerstry s-, Fortitude +)

With this dread art, a Ravnos may transcend illu-
sion and harden the stuff of dreams to create an object

that is functionally real. Disbelieving it is no more
effective than disbelieving reality, perhaps lending cre-
dence tootherillusions. Fortunately, such blood-spawned
phantasms fade away with the dawn, their nightmarish
potency extinguished. This Discipline technique is most
often employed to fashion weapons, tools or precious
objects (such as gold or gems) to dupe fools.

System: The vampire must imagine the object he
wishes to fashion and force it into existence with super-
natural will. The player spends three blood points and
one Willpower point, and rolls Willpower (difficulty 8).
If successful, the object materializes in front of the
vampire (or in his hand for smaller objects). Ci
objects can be no larger than the vampire who created
them, and must be inanimate. They can have moving

eated


parts, but complicated objects may be impossible or
require an Intelligence + Craft roll (at Storyteller discre-
tion). The object is functionally real and may not be
disbelieved. However, anyone with Auspes
magi
spend

or similar

greater than the vampire's Chimerstry rating may

Willpower point to dispel the illusion. Other-

wise, the object remains until it is destroyed normally or

dawn arrives, at which point it dissolves into mist
Experience Cost: 35

Drink the Mind (Ausper 4, Quietus s-
or Thaumaturgy Rego Vitae) +)

Practiced by both the Assamitesand Tremere, though
according to vastly different principles of magic, this
Discipline heightens the power of the Amaranth to steal
memories and knowledge. Those who walk the Road of
Blood regard such feeding as a sacrament partaken by the
holiest of holy, a reclaiming of learning from the unwor-
thy. The pragmatic blood sorcerers of the Tremere simply
view diablerie of mind as another useful tool of power.
Neither clan suspects they are not alone in their art.

System: This power may be used whenever a char-
acter successfully commits diablerie. The player spends
a number of Willpower points equal to the victim's
Intelligence and rolls Willpower. The difficulty is the
victim's permanent Willpower, plus one for every de-
rangement he had. Each success grants one bonus point

that may be spent to purchase or increase the diablerist's
Skills or Knowledges (bonus point costs can be found on
p. 129 of Dark Ages: Vampire). These points cannot
raise an Ability above the victim's rating, however. This
power also allows the diablerist to recall the victim's
strong memories, although such recollections are left to
the Storyteller to adjudicate. Stolen memories unfold
hazily as from a dream, and should offer cryptic hints
rather than plot-breaking insights. Vampires whose
players botch the Willpower roll lose one point of
permanent Willpower for every | rolled, as the character
is overwhelmed by an onslaught of disconnected images
and hate from the victim's devoured soul. This power
can only be used once per diablerie.

Experience Cost: 35

Senris' Talons
(Fortitude z, Brotean z)

The einherjar of Scandinavia are known equally for
their superlative hunting skills and unmatched savagery
in battle. Vampires who master this Discipline tech-
nique may choose to grow massive 6-inch talonsbefitting
the Fenris Wolf instead of the lesser claws normally

grown with Talons of the Beast (Protean 2, Dark Ages:
Vampire p. 205). These fearsome talons glisten metallic
black, and can rend wood and metal as easily as flesh.

System: The character may extend great ¢
using Talons of the Beast (at the same blood point cost).
These near-indestructible weapons inflict Strength +3
aggravated damage in combat. Assuming the character
has sufficient Strength and/or Potence, he may tear
through any object that can be broken with ten or fewer
successes of a Feat of Strength without damaging the
claws. Due to their bulk, the talons impose a two-dice
penalty on all Dexterity tasks involving fine manipula
tion. Characters with this Discipline technique may
grow the smaller claws of Talons of the Beast if they
desire, although few einherjar ever do.

Experience Cost: 14

laws

Feral Tmbuing
(Animalism 4+, Potence z)

With this power, a vampire may share his preter
natural strength with a beast in his line of sight. Nosferatu
use this power more than any other clan, though the
Gangrel know it as well. Few sights are as disturbingas
a bloated rat chewing tunnels through solid stone

System: The vampire selects an animal in hislineof
sight, and the player rolls Strength + Animal Ken
(difficulty 6). The vampire may transfer as many levels
of his Potence Discipline to the targeted animal as the

number of successes rolled, although the player doesnot
have to use all the successes and vampires obviously
cannot transfer more Potence than they possess. The
vampire's own Potence rating is also reduced by the
1, weakening him for the
duration of the power. Feral Imbuing may be withdrawn
at will asa reflexive action, restoring the vampire to his
full strength.

number of dots transfer

Experience Cost:
Goddess Among Beasts
(Animalism s, Ogham s)

With this power, a Lhiannan may call on herspitit
shard to dominate beasts who dwell in her domain. To
such animals she is a goddess, a force of nature as
irresistible as wind or seasons. The Lhiannan paintsher
body with runes of vitae denoting her spiritual authority,

System: The character spends one scene tracing
runes on her body; this costs one blood point. The player
then rolls Manipulation + Survival (difficulty 6). Fora
number of hours equal to the successes rolled, the

or
ev
at
al

du

th
ch
th

de

tr
gu
St

aff
ha

viv

on
nij
an
en

va

no
dis

one automatic success on any Ani-

malism power directed at a beast that dwells or lairs in

herterritory. The character also gains the benefits of the

inoffensive to Animals Merit (Dark Ages: Vampire p

307). Botching this power gives the character the Repul-

e to Animals Flaw (p. 309) for the rest of the night.
Experience Cos

Guardian Vigil
(Ausper s, Celevity s, Fortitude s)

Often hunted by their High Clan "betters" for sport
orasa show of power, the Low Clans are never truly safe,
even in their own domains. This art keeps a vampire in
atrance of perpetual awareness, ready to spring or act at
4moment's notice

System: The player spends a blood point. For the
duration of the night, the character cannot be surprised
byconventional means so long as he doesn't move more
than a few footsteps from his original location. The
character is automatically assumed to automatically win
the initiative for a single turn if someone else attacks or
does anything that he can perceive and attempt to stop.

Supernatural effects that cloak a potential attacke
transgressor must be at least one level higher than the
guardian vampire's Auspex to succeed. All mundane
Stealth attempts automatically fail

Actions taken against a guarding character must
affect him directly and immediately for this power to
have any value. In addition, Guardian Vigil only pro-
vides benefits fora single turn before expiring. If combat
occurs, the character only wins initiative automatically
on the first turn. Repeated uses of this power in a given
nightare possible (ifthe vigil is interrupted), but benefits
are not cumulative to provide multiple turns of height-
ened response.

Experience Cos:

Hatch the Viper
(Protean z, Serpentis +)

This rare and horrific power is known only to the
Followers of the Set. The members of other clans are
hard-pressed to master Serpentis to this degree, much
less find a Setite willing to teach this particular ability.
Vampires who know this Discipline technique may
Create serpents out of their blood to act as servants,
pets or assassins.

System: The vampire takes an entire turn to acti-
vate the power, and the player spends four blood points;
no roll is required. The following turn, the character

a livir nomous serpent from his mouth.

-S < S
erIET = CHAPTER FOUR -

74 « BLESSINGS OF UNCLEAN BLOOD -


Formed of vitae, this serpent is considered a ghoul with
Fortitude and Potence of 1. It may act independently,
although it followsall commands from its parent without
hesitation. If it is slain, or its master fails to feed it one
blood point every three nights, the snake dissolves into
a pool of fetid plasm. Anyone foolish enough to drink
this venom suffers four dice of aggravated damage.

Characters with this power may create and maintain as
many serpents as desired, assuming they are willing to feed
. Cainites with Animalism can communicate
with serpents formed by this ability, but the snakes always
reflect too much of their creator's personality to pass for
natural animals. Each serpent bears a distinctive pattern of
scales associated with its master, although motifs of gold
diamonds on black skin predominate.

their retinu

Experience Cost: 28

Loki's Gift (Animalism 4+, Brotean +)

With this power, a vampire may assume the form of
the last living thing she fed on, be it human or animal.
The vampire doesn't gain any of the prey's knowledge or
powers (if any), but the imitation is physically flawless.

System: The vampire can only activate this power
immediately after drinking from a vessel (which can be
no larger thana bear). The transformation requires three
blood points, and takes effect as soon as the last point is
spent. The player rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge (dif-
ficulty 9); the change lasts a number of hours equal to the
successes rolled. Duration may be extended with addi-
tional blood at the cost of one point per hour. However,
if the vampire feeds from any vessel other than the
mimicked target, she immediately reverts back to her
true form.

A botch means the transformation fails and
the vampire can never assume the target's form again.

A vampire using this power appears to be the form
assumed for all detection purposes, including inspection
with the Auspex 2 power Soulsight. This includes ap-
pearing as mortal, rather than undead. Soulsight still
reveals the vampire's emotional state. The Discipline
technique See the True Form (p. 164) can pierce this
disguise, as can any other forms of magical perception
that specifically detect shapechanging. Vampires may

so learn an identical version of this power with Protean
6 for the usual experience cost.
Experience Cost: 28

Long March (Celerity z, Fortitude z)

From their isolated stronghold of Alamut and en-
claves across the Holy Land, the Banu Hagim cross
leagues of rock and sand by foot to strike at their foes and
deliver messages to allies. In Europe, many Assamites
have escaped persecution by vanishing into the night far
swifter than even mounted pursuers. A few Gangrel also

+ PLAYERS,

 THELO!

know thispower, though they prefer to employ itin beast
form when crossing the dangerous territory of rival
clanmates or Lupines.

System: Long March may be used whenever the

character is moving on foot for a protracted period of

time. Its effects are not nearly as drastic as combat
Celerity, but neither is it so draining.

At the beginning of each hour of steady travel, the
player spends a number of blood points equal to half the
character's Celerity rating. The character's overland
movement rate is multiplied by her Celerity rating. This
bonusimmediately ends if the character halts or slows for
more than a minute each hour. Long March can only be
sustained for a number of hours each night equal to the
character's Fortitude rating, and the power has no appli-
cation in combat

Experience Cost: 14

Madvdening Halo (Ausperz,
Dementation F)

With this clever power, a Malkavian can paint her
spiritual halo with insane whorls of light and color to
dissuade scrying. Those unwise enough to peer at her
with Soulsight find themselves driven mad by the vision

System: The vampire spends one turn in concen:
tration and the player rolls Manipulation +
(difficulty 6). The effect lasts for one scene. Anyone who
uses the Auspex 2 power Soulsight on the vampire risks

Expression

madness. If the victim does not score as many successes
on the Soulsight attempt as the player rolled when
activating Maddening Halo, the spying character gains
a derangement for a number of nights equal to the
difference. This derangement must be one that currently
afflicts the vampire protected by Maddening Halo.
Example: The Toreador courtier Roland uses Soulsight
to spy on William. Unfortunately for Roland, William has
used Maddening Halo to prevent such intrusion, and his
player rolled four successes at activation. Roland's playerrolls
only one success, so the hapless Toreador gains one of

William's derangements for the next three nights

Experience Cost: 21

Memory Rife
(Hbfuscatez, Presence z)

Invoking this power causes a single subject to forget
the user's presence during a single scene or specific
event. The Cainite merely invokes her power to vanish
from the mind's eye and compels the subject to believe
that she was never there at all. A few Nosferatu use this
power to conceal their feeding, leaving victims drained
and disquieted, but otherwise unaware of their violation:

an


System: This power only works on one subject at a
time, but it may be used multiple times to alter the
memories of multiple individuals. The player spends one
blood point and rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge against
adifficulty of the subject's Willpower. If the vampire
succeeds, all memories of the vampire's presence during
the event or time period vanish. Stronger-willed sub-
jectsmay remember the eventitself without the vampire,
particularly if other related events took place. Some
victims may even go so far as to rationalize false informa-
tion into their altered memories in a vain attempt to
make sense of the rift. Memoriesaltered by this powerare
not erased, but suppressed, and may be found with
applications of Auspex, Dominate and similar powers.

The vampire using this power must leave thesubject's
vicinity within five minutes of activation, and must
femain out of sensory range for a full hour. Otherwise,
the power automatically fails.

Experience Cost: 14

Mystic Sight
(Ausperz, Thaumaturgy z)

Expanding their mystical sight with the rudiments
of blood magic, Tremere who know this Discipline
technique may gaze upon the halos of objects as well as
people to view the whorls and eddies of magical power
through the world.

System: This technique requires the same rolls and
scrutiny as the Auspex 2 power Soulsight. However,
tatherthan sensing the colors ofemotions, the character's
vision senses the flow of magic. The information gleaned
depends on the number of successes, and information is
cumulative with all lower levels of suce
issufficient to determine whether the scrutinized object
(which may be a living or undead being) has any magic
of its own or is under some form of enchantment. Two

ess. One success

successes gauges whether the sensed magic comes from
the object's own power or an external source. Three
Successes gives a sense of the object's mystical properties
—such as whether its enchantment is helpful or hurtful,
whether illusion is at work, etc. Four successes gives
detailed information as to the type of magic employed,
though the thaumaturge will not be able to identify
magical styles he has not previously observed or studied.
Five successes opens the vampire's mind to the flow of
magic everywhere in his vision, enabling him to see the
snaking trails of ley lines and the pooled power of crays
(see p. 173). Scrutin
magic or blood sorcery glow with crackling sparkles of
power even if they are not presently using their power.
Experience Cost: 14

d individuals capable of mortal

QuickenedTustincts
(Auspey s, Celevity z)

With this power, a vampire hones his senses to
detect the sudden motion of ambushes and reacts with
inhuman grace to evade or parry the attack.

System: Whenever the vampire is attacked from am-
bush or fails to notice an incoming attack through natural
senses, his player must spend one blood point. The player
may also spend additional blood points to retroactively
purchase extra actions with Celerity, although these may
only be used for purely defensive actions. Once this power is
activated, the character may respond to the attack as though
he saw it coming, suffering none of the usual penalties for
surprise. This power can be consciously suppressed for a
scene at no cost; however, it cannot be reactivated until the
following scene.

Experience Cost: 14

Respite of Lucidity
(Animalism , Dementation z)

Unlike most powers based on Dementation, this art
grants reprieve from madness rather than instilling such
infirmity. Vampires who know this technique may affix
their insanity to their Beast as they draw it out, freeing their
minds from the prison of twisted consciousness. This power
is quite rare, considering that many Malkavians regard their
dementiaasa giftrather than acurse, and very few know the
secrets of Animalism. The few wretches who regularly
employ this Discipline take little solace in their respites,
knowing lunacy must soon descend again.

System: Whenever a vampire with this Discipline
technique uses the Animalism 5 power Drawing out the
Beast, she may also affix her madness to the Beast. This

costs one blood point per derangement, or three points

toaffix a Malkavian's core derangement; the Beast's new
host suffers the affixed derangements in lieu of the
vampire who expelled them. Malkavians who purge all
their derangements in this manner cannot regain Will-
power by any means until they reclaim their Beast. Once
acharacter recovers her Beast, she suffers the full effects
of all her derangements.
Experience Cost: 35

Retain the Auick Blood
(Celerity +, Quietus 3)

Assamites who achieve some mastery of Quietus
and Celerity are said to have developed control over the
vitae they use to give them speed. Those who master this


ability are able to recover the blood spent inducing speed
through Celerity.

System: Any blood spent to buy extra actions
through Celerity returns to the vampire's blood pool as
ifithad never been used, at the rate of one point per hour.
Once learned, this power is always considered active.
Experience Cost: 21

Scent of Caine (Ausperz,
Thaumaturgy (Rego Vitae) +)

Vigilant to the point of paranoia, the Tremere wisely
fear the reprisals of other clans and the vengeance of
Saulot's warrior brood. To ward against ambush from
undead enemies or their ghoul slaves, thaumaturges de-
veloped this power to scent the mystical resonance of
Caine's Curse. Any creature that bears vitae in its veins
may trigger the vampire's preternatural senses.

System: Whenever a vitae-bearing creature ap-
proaches within range of the character's normal senses,
the Storyteller secretly rolls the vampire's Perception +
Occult. The difficulty is normally 6 to sense vampires and
8 for ghouls, although the Storyteller should feel free to
apply modifiers based on the situation. For instance, ifthe
vampire who possesses this technique is distracted or
sleeping, the Storyteller might raise the difficulty by 2. If
the intruder'sblood is especially potent or the thaumaturge
is watching for enemies, the Storyteller might reduce the
difficulty by 2. If the roll succeeds, the vampire becomes
aware of the vitae-bearing presence, although he cannot
identify the direction or source on less than three suc-
cesses. Failure means the vampire does not detect the
creature, while a botch indicates that the vampire re-

ceives false information. Once learned, this power is
always considered active. Over time, characters may grow
to identify particular vampires by their mystical scent
alone, though only after many encounters. The Assamites
know a version of this power that depends on their blood
sorcery rather than hermetic Thaumaturgy. This power
otherwise duplicates its Tremere counterpart.
Experience Cost: 14

Gee the True Form
(Ausperz, Brotean +)

With mastery of full-body transformation and aware-
ness of halos, a vampire with this Discipline technique
may detect other shapechangers and discern the true
form of any being she views.

System: The vampire must gaze piercingly at her
subject as if employing Soulsight (Auspex 2), while her
player rolls Perception + Empathy (difficulty 8). The

amount of information gleaned depends on the number
of successes rolled. Simple success reveals whether the
subject is capable of changing form, though not the
extent or nature of such powers. Two successes deter

mines whether the subject is presently in its true form.
Three successes allows the vampire to perceive the
subject's true form overlaid with its present shape, while
four shows every shape the subject has ever assumed.
Failure means the aura shows nothing of its malleability.
A botch delivers false information. This power can only
pierce disguises that involve shapechanging, not illu
sions or mind tricks.

Serpent's Numbing Kiss

(Presence F, Serpentis z)

Combining her serpentine Discipline with mastery
over the heart, a Follower of Set who knows this technique
can envenom her razor tongue as a subtler weapon.

System: The player spends one blood point; no roll is
required. The character may immediately strike one oppo-
nent with her barbed tongue as if employing the Serpentis
2 power Tongue of the Asp. Her tongue immediately
resumes its normal form after the strike, sealing the victim's
wound as it retracts. If the attack inflicts any damage that
penetrates the victim's soak, the vampire injects a mind-
altering poison. The victim must roll three successes ona
amina check (difficulty 6 for vampires, 8 for
living beings). If the victim fails, her wits become addled for
thenexthour. Any Discipline thataffects the victim'smind,
senses or emotions re

reflexive $

ives one automatic success during
this time, although generational limits still apply to uses of
Dominate on other vampires. (Interestingly, this blood
poison is sometimes beneficial to the victim; the minds
barriers are lowered for friends as well as foes, and anyone
attempting to repair the damage done by Dominate or
otherwise assist the victim also receives the automatic
success. Also, victims who possess Auspex find that the
premonitions they receive while poisoned are especially
vivid.) Mortal victims who botch the Stamina roll fall into
adazed stupor for the duration of the power and may takeno
actions of their own volition on any turn that their players
fail to make a reflexive Willpower roll (difficulty 8).
perience Cost: 21

Shadow Feint
(Celerity z, Hbfuscate z)

Although they are sometimes dismissed by the
first cursed as inconsequential barbarians, the Chil-


dren of Haqim are masters of the killing arts. Their
way is not that of brute force or direct confrontation,
but misdirection, stealth and the unexpected blow.
This technique allows its wielder to slow an enemy's
perception of her, leaving an afterimage a fraction of
a second behind her actual location. The blur and
flicker make the vampire's movements nigh im-
possible to guess, giving her a decisive combat
advantage
System: The player spends one extra blood point
when declaring Celerity actions at the beginning of
the turn. Like all blood used to power Celerity, this
expenditure may exceed the
vampire's genera-
tional limit. The
vampire's
first action
must be de.
fensiv
eitheradodg
or parry of
some kind. If
these condi-
tions are
met, all at-
tacks made
against the
vampire during
the turn are made at +2 difficulty, to a
maximum of difficulty 10. This power
is considered an Obfuscate power
for the purpose of negation —an
observer with sufficient Auspex
sees the vampire's true location.

Experience Cost: 14

Shared Entombment
(Animalism 1, Broteans)

Most commonly known among the

Anda bloodline of the Mongols — where it is
called Itiigen's Embrace — this Discipline technique
enables a vampire to meld a ghoul or childe with him
into the safe slumber of the earth. Pity the mortal who
beholds a mounted Anda warrior riding out of the very
soil at dusk.

System: The effects of this power are indistinguish-
able from the Protean power Interred in the Earth, save
that the vampire's player must spend an additional blood
point to bring a ghoul or vampire under the earth with
him. An interred ghoul can be human or animal, but no

than a horse. Only a vampire who traces her


ancestry through the character or is bound to him by the
blood oath can be so interred. Both creatures must enter
theearth at the same time, both feel the same effects, and
both leave the earth when the Cainite who possesses this
ability chooses.

Another version of this power allows the charac-
ter to pull a corpse into the ground with her. This
version requires Potence | rather than Animalism 1,
but is in all other ways identical. The character need
not bring the corpse to the surface with her when next
she rises.

Experience Cost: 21

Shattered Fog (Auspers, PBrotean x)

E
serve where brute strength fails. With this Discipline
technique, a vampire may rapidly dissolve her form

Jer Gangrel know that guile can sometimes

into fog. Swords and arrows pass harmlessly through
her ethereal flesh, leaving opponents confused and
off-balance when the vampire solidifies a moment
later and strikes. While some followers of the Road of
Kings scorn such tactics, pragmatic vampires wisely
cultivate every edge to assure their survival.

System: Whenever the vampire is attacked, her
player may invoke this power by spending one blood
point. The vampire instantly assumes mist form as if
employing the Protean 5 power Body of Spirit. This
power only lasts for the remainder of the turn, after
which the character once again solidifies. Vampires
must be able to perceive the attacks in order to evade
them with this power, although sudden motion seen
peripherally counts as perception

Experience Cost: 35

Spectral Puppeteer
(Ausper +, Dominate )

Only a few Tremere have mastered this diabolical
art, enabling them to sei

> control of a mortal with
their spiritual form. Such possession is surely the
Devil's teaching — or so other Cainites would believe
if they knew such a feat were possible. As its very
existence is a closely guarded secret of the clan, this
power is chiefly used to discredit or frame rivals while
establishing a perfect alibi for the vampire

System: In order to use this power, a vampire
must have sent her consciousness into the astral plane
with the Auspex 5 power Anima Walk. Normally, an
ethereal vampire cannot use her Disciplines to affect
the physical plane. However, vampires who know this
Discipline technique may use the Dominate 5 power
Vessel in astral form. No lesser powers of Dominate or

any other Disciplines can be used, and the vampires
player must still make the usual rolls for Vessel. Ifthe
vampire succeeds in displacing the victim's soul, her
astral body flows into the host's mouth and assumes
control. If the vampire leaves the host voluntarily, her
astral form reforms outside the mortal's body and may
continue moving and acting according to the rulesfor
Anima Walk. Any sympathetic damage sustained by
a possessing vampire using this power is applied tothe
vampire's astral form rather than her physical body.
The sudden death of the host instantly evicts the
vampire and severs her silver cord.

Experience Cost: 35

Stone Meld (Fortitude 2, PBrotean 3)

Although most Gangrel are content to seek reb
uge in the soil, a few have tempered their power with
stone-like resilience, allowing them to hide within
solid rock. Excavation of such entombed individuals
is all but impossible.

System: This power operates exactly as the Pro-
tean 3 power Interred in the Earth, save that it allows

a vampire to sink into stone. Such stone can have

been shaped and carved by tools, though it must bea

single continuous block or slab large enough to con-

tain the vampire's mass. If the stone containing the

vampire is shattered, the vampire is expelled.
Experience Cost: 21

Sympathetic Agony
(Chimerstry z, Fortitude +)

Though the Indian Ravnos originally developed
this power, its use has spread west with roving mem
bers of the clan. As its name suggests, Sympathetic
Agony allows a vampire to shift his pain to enemies
Those who strike him feel the force of their own blows
like a snake biting its own tail.

System: The player reflexively spends one blood
point and rolls Manipulation + Intimidation againsta
difficulty of the target's Perception or Self-Control
(whichever is higher). Each success allows the Ravnos
to ignore the penalties associated with one health
level of damage and inflict one phantom level of
damage on the target. Penalties are assigned based on

the sum of the victim's real and phantom damage.
This power may only transfer pain to one target ata
time, and does not heal or inflict real injuries. Sympa-
thetic Agony power lasts for the duration of the scen
however, the Ravnos can choose to cancel this power
at any time and re-invoke it against a different target.
Experience Cost: 28


Torpid Hibernation
(Fortitude 3, Protean s)

With this power, a vampire may enter controlled
torpor without fear of slumbering away the ages. She
simply sinks into the earth and rests, knowing she will
in when the desired time comes.

The
Interred in the Earth (Protean 3), orasimilar power such
as Tree Meld (p. 167) or Stone Meld (p. 166); her player
spends five blood points and rolls Stamina + Survival
(difficulty 6). Ifsuccessful, the vampire enters torporand
automatically reawakens after the specified duration.
Uponawakening, the characterrisesto the earth, though
her awakening is delayed until dusk if the power ends
during the day. Failure means the vampire does notenter

arise age

vampire melds with the ground using

torpor, but arises the next evening as normal from her
slumber. A botch drives the vampire into normal torpor,
leaving
Road rating.
Experience Cost

Tree Meld (Ogham s, Protean s)

Attuned to the living forest by their spiritual
ancestry, a Lhiannan with this power may sink into
wood as easily as most Gangrel sink into soil.

her to slumber and awaken according to her

?
21

System: The vampire may use this power exactly
as the Protean 3 power Inter in the Earth to

physically merge with wooden objects large enough to

contain her body. It costs an additional blood point to
merge with dead wood, however, so most Lhiannan
prefer the sanctuary of the largest tree trunk in their
domain. If a wooden object is destroyed while
vampire rests within, the vampire is expelled

Experience Cost: 21
Truc Love's Face
(Hbfuscate 3, Presence 3)

Asinister hybrid of Mask of a Thousand Faces and
Entrancement, this Discipline technique enables a
vampire to assume the form of a target's true love.
Both the Followers of Set and Nosferatu prize this
power, though for very different reasons. Where Ser-
pents use the guise of loved ones to tempt and seduce,
spiteful Lepers delight in shattering victim's minds by
revealing their true face after a passionate embrace.
Vampires may use this art to take the form of someone
they know their victim loves or allow their target's
expectations to manifest on their own. In the latter
case, however, the vampire may need quick wits to

discern whom she looks like, especially since the
copied person may or may not be living.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Empathy
(difficulty 6); neither physical contact nor eye contact
is necessary to invoke this technique. Success means
the chosen victim sees the vampire as a loved one for
as long as she remains in his presence. Failure means
the ruse fails and the target sees the vampire as she is.
All others present see the vampire's true form, unless
she is able to discern her assumed identity and quickly
make the transition to the basic Mask technique —a
feat likely to require Performance, Stealth or other
rolls at the Storyteller's discretion. A botch indicates
the vampire projects too much of her own passions
into the visage, making the disguise a disturbing
mockery of the victim's true love. The victim regards
the vampire with fear and loathing, the very opposite
of the emotions normally engendered by this power.

Experience Cost: 21

Whispers of Loathing
(Ausper4, Dementation z)

By implanting whispers of his own fractured mad
ness into a victim's mind, a vampire with this power
may infect others with creeping insanity. Each night
draws the victim deeper into depravity and despair.
half-heard whispers speak recriminations and advise
monstrous acts. The whispers eventually rise to a gale
of unintelligible syllables and curses that drive the
strongest minds to abject paranoia or suicide. Only
the moon-kissed childer of Malkav know this wretched
art, though that is little comfort to other undead.

aS

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Empa-
thy against a difficulty of the victim's Willpower. If
successful, the vampire successfully implants an echo
of his twisted psyche into the victim. The disembod-
ied echo whispers intermittently at first, criticizing
and offering the worst possible advice in equal mea-
sure. In time, the voice grows more insistent and other
voices join the fray in howling cacophony. The victim
must roll Willpower for each week that the infection
lingers. The difficulty begins at 6 and rises by one for
each failed roll. Once the difficulty reaches 10 or the
victim botches, the power ends and the victim gains
anew derangement (paranoia is most common). Vic-
tims who roll three or more successes on their weekly
Willpower check overcome the torrent and silence
the voices, escaping with the better part of their
sanity. This power requires the vampire to touch the
intended victim or make eye contact.

Experience Cos


Wolf's Lament
(Animalisms, Hbfuscatez)

The wolf's howl echoes across the land, carrying
messages in its mournful song. Nosferatu and Gangrel
with this Discipline technique may do the same, en-
abling them to howl messages that carry for miles. Even
better, any wolf that hears the message relays the sound
with its own howl. Such messages can theoretically carry
for dozens or even hundreds of miles in this fashion,
subject to the vagaries of chance.

Most individuals who hear the howl merely note its
eerie tones and give it no further attention. Those with
the Animalism power Feral Speech hear a voice in the
keening. The content is brief and clipped, but it imparts
emotional inflection and general intent. It can warn of
danger, signal an attack or carry any other simple message.

System: Prior to using this Discipline, the player
must convey his intended message to the Storyteller and
receive approval. Generally, any message that can be
conveyed in one breath is acceptable. The player then
rolls Manipulation + Animal Ken (difficulty 6) as the
vampire howls. The message carries a maximum dis-
tance determined by the successes according to the
following chart, although the Storyteller may restrict
the range if she deems there are few wolves in the area.

Failure means no wolves pick up the howl, either be-
cause they are not present or disregard the message. A
botch invariably attracts unwanted attention, such as
hunters or enraged Lupines.

Experience Cost: 14

Distance
5 miles
10 miles
50 miles
100 miles
250 miles

Thaumaturgy

The secrets of blood magic are many and varie

Successes

AWN

Below, you will find information on Assamite blood
sorcery as well as a new path of Tremere Thaumaturgy
and a plethora of new rituals.

New Thaumaturgy Bath:
Perdo Magica

As former members of the Order of Hermes, the
vampires of Clan Tremere know the power wielded by

mortal magi. Through adaptations of the parma magica

a Hermetic shielding art practiced since the latter
half of the 8th century —the Tremere have developed
a potent defense against the Pillars of their former
colleagues and the base blood sorceries of other clans.
When performing countermagic, the thaumaturge
makes a sharp dismissive gesture and speaks a short
incantation. Dozens of such incantations exist, each
invoking opposing elements and forces: water 00
quench fire, life to thwart death, etc.

System: A thaumaturge with Perdo Magica may
attempt to nullify magical effects of mortal Pillars and
Foundations or the paths and rituals of blood sorcery,
The player spends one blood point. Invoking this
countermagic is a reflexive action, although it does
count against the character's maximum blood point
expenditure for the turn. The player rolls Willpower
as normal; the difficulty equals (the level of the effect
being countered — the thaumaturge's Perdo Magica
rating), minimum difficulty 4. This dice pool is halved
if the targeted magic is not based on Hermetic prin-
ciples and formulae (such as koldunic sorcery or the
rune-casting of Blét).

Zach success cancels one suc
cess rolled by the opposing magician. Perdo Magica
can oppose any magic in the caster's line of sight.

New Thaumaturgy Rituals

When the Tremere embraced undeath, much of
their magical power faded. The quicker arts of the Pillars
readily flowed into sorcerous paths, but lengthier rotes
did not convert so easily. The exploration of rituals =
both new magic and old magic adapted to the blood =
restored the dynamic supremacy of Tremere sorcery.
Although most thaumaturges focus on paths, a few
wisely recognize the subtle potency of rituals. As such,
blood sorcerers may purchase additional rituals at char
acter creation. Each ritual costs a number of bonuspoints
equal to its level. Characters cannot begin play with any
rituals whose level exceeds the rating of their appropti-
ate blood sorcery Discipline.

Epistle of Babel

Level-One Ritual

Surrounded by enmity and dire foes on all fronts,
the Tremere developed this ritual to encrypt impor
tant documents in case they fell into enemy hands.
Regents often use this magic as an added form of
identification in their letters, since thaumaturgically
encoded missives are obviously more difficult to forge

System: The vampire writes the message in blood
over the course of a night and speaks the name(s) of


the person or people he wishes to read it. If the ritual
succeeds, only the writer and the letter's intended
recipient(s) can read the document. To anyone else,
the letters appear as meaningless arcane glyphs that
blur in sight and mind.

Evocation of the Taper/
Quench the Tallow

Level-One Ritual

With a simple gesture and word of power, a
thaumaturge who knows the Evocation of the Taper
titual may ignite one candle in his line of sight. While
convenient, this parlor trick is quite limited. It can
only be used to ignite actual candles — not torches,
parchment or any other object, no matter how flam-
mable. The inverted form of this ritual, Quench the
Tallow, snuffs out a single burning candle, but cannot
affect other flames.

System: If the ritual succeeds, the targeted candle
extinguishes or flares alight in a puff of sulfurous
smoke as appropriate to the magic. A failure on the
casting roll drains a blood point from the vampire's
pool, while a botch costs her a blood point and melts
the candle to a useless puddle of wax. Both forms of
this ritual require a mere turn of concentration, but
the thaumaturge can take no other action while
calling the flame. In effect, these rituals are zero dot
effects of Creo Ignem, and characters must have at
least one dot in that path to learn either form. Char-
act

rs with three or more dots of Creo Ignem may

choose to ignite or extinguish as many separate candles
as the player rolls successes. Failure still only drains
one blood point, although a botch destroys all tar-
geted candles.

Purity of Flesh

Level-One Ritual

With this ritual, a thaumaturge may cleanse her
body of all foreign material. The caster meditates on
bare earth or stone while surrounded by a circle of 13
sharp stones. Over the course of the ritual, all physical
impurities slowly rise to the surface of the vampire's
skin and flake away as a greasy film. This magic
dissolves dirt, alcohol, drugs, poison and broken barbs
ofarrows. Even clothing and jewelry worn against the
skin disintegrate, so wise casters undress before begin-
ning this ritual.

System: The player spends one blood point be-
forerolling. Ifsuccessful, the ritual removesall physical
impurities, although it does not remove enchant-
ments, mind control or diseases.

Sanguine Lodestone

Level-One Ritual

By soaking a small lodestone in his blood for an
hour, a thaumaturge with this ritual can attune the
stone to the sympathetic resonance of his own vitae.
Until the next dawn, the stone points unerringly at
the largest source of the caster's vitae, other than the
caster himself. As such, the stone can follow the
sorcerer's ghouls or point to a sealed flask planted on
a rival as a tracking device. Like normal magnets,
lodestones attuned with this ritual must be suspended
from a string so that they can freely turn.

System: If the ritual succeeds, the lodestone be-
havesas described for the duration of the enchantment.
Ithasa maximum range in miles equal to the successes
scored. A Level-Three version of this ritual exists that
can attune a lodestone to any Cainite, provided the
caster has at least one point of the subject's vitae
available to bathe the stone.

Burning Blade
Level-Two Ritual

This potent martial ritual allows a thaumaturge to
temporarily enchanta melee weapon to inflict terrible
wounds. Superior versions of this ritual have recently
been developed, although they are still rare. Weapons
enchanted with this ritual glow with an aura like pale
green fire unless sheathed.

System: This ritual only affects melee weapons.
The caster must cut the palm of his hand using the
weapon (or a sharp stone if the weapon has no edge);
the player spends three blood points. This process
inflicts one level of lethal damage that cannot be
soaked, although it may be healed normally. If the
ritual succeeds, the weapon automatically inflicts
aggravated damage for a number of strikes equal to the
successes rolled. The wielder cannot choose whether
astrike inflicts normal or aggravated damage in order

to conserve the magic, although the weapon must
actually hit an animate target to use one of the
successes. Multiple castings of Burning Blade do not
"stack" for multiple strikes. Once all the successes
have been used, the enchantment ends. The magic
also ends at the next new moon. If a wooden weapon
enchanted by this ritual stakes a vampire, the victim
suffers two levels of aggravated fire damage per turn for
a number of turns equal to the remaining successes.
This burning effect depletes all magic from the weapon.

As noted previously, at least two greater versions of
thisritual exist: Blazing Shaft isa Level-Three ritual that
follows the same rules, save that it enchants arrows and


other projectiles. Enchanted missiles retain their magic
for only one attack, although each success scored in
casting also adds one die to the weapon's damage. The
Level-Five ritual Unquenchable Flame of Mars also
follows the same general rules as Burning Blade. How-
ever, the magic requires 20 successes at difficulty 8,
accumulated overa one-month ritual exactly like Blood
Phylactery (see p. 175). If the requisite successes are
accumulated, the melee weapon retains its enchant-
ment indefinitely. Talismans of Mars glow with crimson
flames when wielded, and always inflict aggravated
damage, although they burn no more fiercely when
staking vampires.

Smpassable Trail

Level-Two Ritual

Under the effects of this ritual, a vampire can
travel through any natural terrain without leaving a
trace. Leaves do not crunch underfoot, branches do
not break if he runs past and muddy footprints magi-
cally smooth and fill in moments after he passes. Only
creatures with powerful olfactory senses can hope to
track him. The thaumaturge must brush his feet with
an owl feather steeped in vitae to begin the enchant-
ment

System: The vampire leaves no evidence behind,
except a faint odor of blood that requires three suc-
cesses on a Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 8) to
detect. This ritual lasts until sunrise.

Lassitude of Revelry

Level-Two Ritual

This ritual produces a heady drug that causes
drowsiness and suggestive calm in mortals. Even magi
are not immune, making this ritual a subtle weapon in
the Massasa War. Cainites who feed from mortals
under the effects of this drug feel comfortably relaxed,
although the effect is not strong enough to result in
actual intoxication.

System: The caster mixes at least one point of her
vitae with wine and spices. One blood point is re-
quired for every five glasses of drugged wine the
vampire wishes to create. This wine does not taste like
blood and cannot instill the blood oath or transform
mortals into ghouls. Instead, mortals who drink the
brew must achieve three successes on a reflexive
Stamina roll. The difficulty varies depending on how
much wine the mortal drinks, from 6 for a deep
swallow to 8 for a full glass or even 10 for larger
quantities. Success means the character retains her
wits, although additional rolls may be required if she
drinks more drugged wine. A botch results in coma-

like slumber for the remainder of the night, while a
failure means the character is drugged for a number of
hours equal to the glasses of wine she consumed. A
drugged character cannot take any action unless her
player makes a reflexive Willpower roll (difficulty 8).
As stated, wine drugged by means of this ritual has no
effect on vampires and most supernatural beings other
than magi. Storytellers must decide how many "glasses"
agiven container holds, since there is no standard size
for goblets, flagons and other vessels.

Transubstantiation of humors
Level-Two Ritual

This insidious ritual serves as a cunning defense
inst diablerie. Until the next sunset, any blood
drawn from the thaumaturge's veins mystically trans-

mutes into black bile. Anyone attempting to consume
this unpalatable ichor suffers intense nausea.
System: The caster prepares and drinks a foul
concoction of clotted blood and snake venom. If the
ritual succeeds, the caster's vitae changes into black
bile whenever it leaves her body. Victims who drink
this sludge or eat a gobbet of the sorcerer's bilious flesh
must make a Stamina roll (difficulty 7 + the number
of blood points or health levels ingested). Failure
indicates the character spends a full turn vomiting the
tainted humors. This roll must be made each tum
until the character purges his system of the bile.
Vampires whose players botch this roll also vomit a
number of extra blood points equal to the 1s rolled.

Obviously, thaumaturges cannot grant the Embrace,
create ghouls, nourish other vampires, establish the
blood oath or perform any other feat that requires
actual blood taken from their veins while employing
this ritual. Blood may be used for internal purposes
such as healing or powering Disciplines. Characters
using this ritual smell faintly of bile, increasing the
difficulty of applicable Social rolls by one.

Awakening the Verdant Thorn

Level-Three Ritual

Created by the Telyavelic Tremere, this ritual
binds a vengeful forest spirit into a slender stake of
rosewood. If driven anywhere into a vampire's flesh,
the stake takes root in her fertile vitae and rapidly
blossoms into an unnatural mass of vines and thorns.
The vines entwine the vampire, drinking her blood to
grow in strength. Unchecked, the writhing growth
can drain a hapless Cainite dry.

System: In order to enchant the stake, the caster
must harden its point with fire and spend an hour
chanting supplications to the Siela. He must then


plunge the shaft into his own heart, inflicting one
level of unsoakable lethal damage. If the roll succeeds,
the stake absorbs one blood point each turn that it
remains lodged in the heart. The caster retains full
mobility and may remove the shaft at any time. A
failure leaves the caster paralyzed as normal, while a
botch has the added unpleasant effect of triggering the
ritual's magic.

Astake enchanted with this ritual has a ruddy hue
and feels sticky, like a freshly cut sapling. If the stake
inflicts at least one level of lethal damage toa vampire,
it immediately begins growing, drinking one blood
point each turn until the Cainite's pool is empty.
Players of characters attempting to pull the shaft free
must succeed in an opposed Strength roll against the
number of blood points the stake has already con-
sumed (including during the initial enchantment).
For instance, if the stake drank three blood points
from its caster and two more from a victim, the stake
would have an effective Strength rating of 5 when
someone tried to pull it free. The stake cannot have a
Strength higher than 8, and will not grow in the
diluted vitae of ghouls. Vampires reduced to zero
blood points by this ritual obviously cannot activate
Disciplines or perform feats that require blood. Stakes
enchanted with Awakening the Verdant Thorn still
only paralyze vampires if they penetrate the heart.

Bind the Familiar
Level-Three Ritual
A few Tremere retain familiars from their days as

mortal magi. Unfortunately, the original rituals and
pacts used to establish bonds with spirits no longer

function in undeath, and the Embrace often severs
spiritual ties. Many thaumaturges have simply done
without, dismissing familiars as a quaint archaism of
mortal wizardry. After all, the Tremere can transform
mortals and beasts into ghouls with a draught of vitae

and the blood oath is far easier and more reliable
thanritual binding. Still, there are those thaumaturges
who yearn for more enlightened companionship.
Though a number of monsters penned in Ceoris owe
their unfortunate existences to familiar research, the
rituals used by mortals were eventually adapted suc-
cessfully. What follows is the most common familiar
ritual used, though others exist.

Beginning at dusk, the caster paints a circle of
fresh human blood ona large stone slab, inscribing its
circumference with the sigils that comprise his True
Name. The vampire must be sure to finish the last
symbol at the stroke of midnight. With the circle's
power still fresh, the vampire takes the beast intended


to host the familiar spirit and drains it almost entirel
of blood. He places the dying animal within the circle
and feeds it vitae in a parody of the Embrace. The
caster then begins incantations over the beast, start-
ing ina low whisper and growing in volume with each
spell. When he can repeat the evocations no louder,
he ends the ritual, waiting in still silence. If the ritual
succeeds, the spiritual smell of blood draws a spirit to

the animal, where it is captured by the warding circle
The spirit can struggle
blood magic always prevails. Once the spirit suc-
cumbs, the ritual fuses it with the beast and restores
the animal to full health. The new familiar may
inwardly resent its bondage at first, though it can be
bribed with blood and mollified with good treatment.

and usually does — but the

System: The caster completes the ritual described
above. The player spends five blood points and rolls
Intelligence + Occult. The difficulty depends on the
intended level of the familiar + 4. Botching results in
a truly horrific fate; the caster may be possessed by the
spirit, or he may have created a savage gremlin. Failure
carries no consequence apart from wasted effort. Fa-
miliars can be grouped in five ascending ranks of
potency and intelligence by level. Level-One famil-
iars are small, harmless creatures little more intelligent
than their natural counterp:

rts (e.g. toads, rats, spar-
rows). Level-Two familiars are notably more cunning
than their form suggests, and warn of intruders

though they are powerless to stop anyone from enter-
ing their master's haven (e.g. cat, owl). Level-Three
familiars may be larger and more dangerous, like a
wolf; or a smaller familiar that is as intelligent as a 10-
year-old child. Familiars chosen for their intelligence
can perform fairly complicated tasks and serve as
messengers, although they cannot speak. Level-Four
familiars may be dangerous animals with childlike
intellects, or small creatures as intelligent as their
master. Such a being can communicate telepathically
with its master regardless of the distance separating
them, and does its best to act as an assistant within the
limits of its form. Level-Five familiars are extremely
potent, possibly more intelligent than their masters,
and certainly in possession of lore and secrets un-
known to those who command them. They may speak
and perhaps possess a few mystical tricks of their own
(subject to Storyteller discretion). All familiars are
loyal as if bound by the blood oath, though they may
struggle against or accept their servitude depending
on their strength of will and the master's treatment.
Familiars must be fed a number of points of their
master's vitae equal to their level each week, or take
ill and die within a night. So long as they are properly

fed (their normal diet as well as blood), familiars never
age and remain perfectly healthy.

At Storyteller discretion, Tremere who purchase
this ritual with bonus points may begin play witha

familiar as a Background equal to the creature's level.

Certamen

Level-Three Ritual

Inherited from the days when the Tremere were
still a house of mortal magi, certémen stands as one of
the oldest means of settling disputes between Her

metic wizards. Each combatant stands in a circle of

blood two paces across, set at opposite ends of another
circle ten paces wide. The challenger declares his
grievance toall present, while the defender announces
three strictures (mystical or ceremonial) that both
parties must observe. The duel begins when both
participants intone the actual ritual.
Traditionally, each certémen combatant brings
along a second who serves him much as a knight's
squire. However, instead of handing him fresh lances
and weapons, the second stands behind and to the
right with ritual componentsat the ready. In the event
of frenzy - the
second must also aid any attending guards in subduing
the challenger. A neutral arbiter stands outside the
circles and judges the duel. He may end the battle at
any time and declare either party the victor regardless

which results in automatic loss -

ofoutcome, though overt favoritism attracts unwanted
attention from superiors — and perhaps a second
certémen challenge from the wronged party.

During certémen, vitae quickens like the vis of
mortal magic. Spells grow in grandeur, their forms
expanded to the will and design of the caster. The very
air crackles with power as bolts of flame change into
burning dragons and summoned winds flicker with
Pi
the arbiter, certémen continues until one party yields
or perishes. Although the ritual itself cannot compel
the terms of challenge, the clan rigorously enforces
the sanctity of the duel. Although such duels are all
but unknown, certdémen even functions when living
Hermetic magi observe the rituals in a duel with
Tremere thaumaturges. Magi of other Fellowshipsand
blood sorcerers who do not practice Hermetic
cannot take part in certdmen.

le screaming phantasms. Barring interruption by

thaumaturs

System: For the duration of certdmen, a
thaumaturge may spend an additional number of
blood points per turn equal to his Occult rating to
increase the potency of his magic. For every point
spentin this manner, the difficulty of one Thaumaturgy


roll decreases by one, to a minimum difficulty of 4.
Certémen confers no additional capacity to spend
blood for other purposes. Additionally, Thaumaturgy
effects assume whatever cosmetic changes their caster
desires, though truly awesome evocations may require
vitae expenditure at the discretion of the Storyteller.
If a sorcerer augments an effect, his opponent can
make a reflexive Intelligence + Occult roll to identify
the spell before it takes form. The difficulty of this roll
depends on the obscurity of the power and the knowl-
edge of the observer. If a living Hermetic magus
engages in certdémen with a Tremere, he may spend as
many points of Quintessence per turn as his Font
Background (see Dark Ages: Mage) indicates or his
Occult rating (whichever is higher) and may similarly
toll to identify magic as it forms. All benefits of
certémen end as soon as either party steps outside of his
respective circle.

Draught of Earth's Blood

Level-Three Ritual

The Blood of Caine holds great mystical power,
butit is not the only power. Raw magical energy flows
through the universe like the blood of gods, pooling
and welling at the convergence of ley lines and other

places of arcane import. Such wells are known to magi
as crays, and their energy as Quintessence. Although
the Tremere can no longer manipulate raw Quintes-
sence by will alone, save in the congealed form of
vitae, a few thaumaturges still know how to distill
universal power.

System: Casting this ritual requires the vampire
to harvest Quintessence-laden matter, called tass,
from a cray. This matter can take nearly any form
appropriate to the cray's nature, from the mushrooms
ofa faerie ring to the soil of a spectre's haunted grave.
Each cray has a rating (1-5) that determines its overall
power. A cray only stores a maximum number of
points of tass equal to its level, replenishing them at
the rate of one point per day. Once a thaumaturge has
gathered the tass, he must grind it down to paste or
dust and boil it in an iron cauldron with one blood
point for every two points of tass. While the vitae and
tass mix, the caster's player rolls Intelligence + Occult
(difficulty 6). Each success produces two points of
blood-tass that coagulate in the cauldron. Any unused
tass not captured by the magic boils away and is lost
Blood-tass glows a faint ruddy hue and may be bottled
orotherwise stored in smaller vessels for convenience.
Thaumaturges who employ the ritual Principal
of Vitae Infusion (Dark Ages: Vampire, p. 219) may
evenstore blood-tass in enchanted baubles. The sludgy

cus

SAINIT

S torytell
3,

rs with access to Dark Ages:

ge may allow players to purchase the
Cray Background for their vampires with a good
story explanation. However, without the Foun-
dations and Pillars of mortal magi, such places of

power are normally useless except as a plot
device. Blood sorcery can tap these wellspring:
rth's Bloo¢

can the Ogham Discipline of the Lhiannan
bloodline. Che

can derive immense benefit from a cray — as-

with rituals such as Draught of
acters with access to such magic

suming they can defend it from rapacious magi,
Lupines and stranger creatures eager to claim the
power for their own.

mixture remains fresh for one month unless placed in
a bauble, after which it loses all power. Vampires gain
one blood point for every point of blood-tass they
consume. Only thaumaturges derive the full benefit of
such a meal, however. For the next hour, an imbiber
who knows Thaumaturgy may spend extra blood points
each turn to reduce the difficulty of casting rolls as if
engaging in certdmen (see above). The caster may not
spend more total blood points in this fashion than he
gained from drinking blood-tass

Ward Versus Lupines
Level-Three Ritual

This warding ritual functions exactly as does the

Ward Versus Ghouls, save that it inflicts injury upon

Lupines. Although the ward cannot inflict much

injury on a rampaging beastman in war-form, the
ritual helps detect Lupines masquerading as humans.

System: This ritual follows the same rules as
Ward Versus Ghouls (p. 219 of Dark Ages: Vam-
pire), except that it requires a handful of silver dust
rather than a blood point.

Consecration of the Sanctum

Level-Four Ritual

Bypaintingthe bordersofa laboratory or workspace
with an alchemical mixture of vitae, gold dust and rare
herbs, a thaumaturge who knows this ritual can alter
the delineated area's geomantic flow of power to favor
his own form of magic.

System: Each casting of this ritual enchants an
area up to 10 square yards for one month. Multiple
castings of Consecration of the Sanctum over the


same area only reset the duration to one full month.
Within the warded area, the difficulty of all
Thaumaturgy rituals decreases by one. Conversely,
the ritual adds one to the difficulty of all magic not
based on Hermetic principles. This includes the Pil-
lars of non-Hermetic wizards, as well as the paths and
tituals of other blood sorcerers. This ritual takes at
least one hour to perform.

Sufernal Compact

Level-Four Ritual

In their two-front mystic war against their former
brethren in the Order of Hermes and the Tzimisce
koldun, a few desperate or foolish Tremere have bar-
gained with demons for power. Although the clan
officially decries infernalism as a blasphemy of the

"diabolical" Salubri, regents often look the other way so
longas tainted thaumaturges prove useful and keep quiet
about their studies. For the time being, only those
incautious fools who give their allegiance to Hell or

betray the clan risk immediate destruction if discovered.

This ritual is the means by which a thaumaturge
can pledge a part of his soul to a greater demon in
exchange for accursed power. The caster first traces a
circle of glyphs and astrological signs with a foul paste
made from an innocent child's heart and the soil of a
heretic's grave. The sorcerer then begins a complex
invocation from the moment he awakens at sunset
until the stroke of midnight. If successful, the circ
glows with obscene fire and a powerful demon appears

at its center. The creature may look however mon-
strous and terrible it chooses, though most prefer the
form of a well-dressed mortal with a single unnatural
feature, like golden cat eyes or delicate clawed fingers.
Once conjured, the demon may step outside of its
circle, although it cannot attack or leave the sum-
moning vampire's presence. It happily negotiates with
the caster using guile, flattery or threats as it deems
appropriate. It will not serve the sorcerer in any way
except in fulfillment of a pact, and immediately re-
turns to Hell ifattacked. Otherwise, the demon remains
until dismissed or dawn arrives.

System: The caster completes the ritual as de-
scribed. The player rolls Intelligence + Occult (difficulty
8). Ona failure, the glyphs burn to stinking ash and the
ritual is wasted, but nothing else happens. A botch
means the sorcerer inadvertently opens an actual portal

to the infernal realm and suffers injury, possession or
even destruction at the hands of an enraged demon. If
the ritual succeeds, ademon appears and bargains for the
vampire's soul. Honey-tongued thaumaturges can occa-
sionally make better deals, acquiring power in exchange

for human sacrifice, defilement of holy relics or similar
acts of malefic devotion. Storytellers should not feel
compelled to let a would-be infernalist off this easy,
however, and should certainly raise the price every time
the sorcerer returns for more "free" power. If the demon
wantsnothing or the price is too high, the castercanoffer
his soul in trade. Every dot of Road the caster forsakes
from his maximum rating converts into one dot of a
Discipline, Thaumaturgy path or Attribute or three dots
to distribute among Abilities or Backgrounds. For ex-
ample, a thaumaturge who pledges three dots can never
have a Road rating higher than 7. Disciplines obtained
through this ritual always manifest as corrupted in some
way: infernal Creo Ignem creates baleful green or stink-
ing sulfurous fire, while infernal Obtenebration might
permanently stain its user's eyes inky black. Backgrounds
obtained with this ritual do not manifest immediately,
arriving via amazing twists of fate and coincidence atthe
rate of one dot per week. Such Backgrounds invariably
result from the suffering (or death) of another. Once an
infernalist pledges his first point of Road, he can never
teach Golconda. Casting this ritual at all requires a
degeneration check (see Dark Ages: Vampire, p. 267)
for any vampire not following the Path of Screams (see

Road of Sin).

Suspension of Tueantation

Level-Four Ritual

This ritual binds one spell inside itself with con-
ditions for release, effectively creating a triggered
enchantment. Suspension of Incantation can easily
create cunning traps or displays of "effortless" powerto
impress or intimidate later onlookers.

System
binding wards and activation clauses, and her player rolls
Wits + Occult (difficulty 6). The difficulty increases by
one for every spell the thaumaturge currently has sus
pended with prior castings of this ritual, to a maximum
difficulty of 10. If successful, the caster must immediately
invoke one power of any Thaumaturgy path she knows
Her player spends blood and rolls Willpower normally to
determine the success of the effect, butthe magic doesnot
manifest until the stated conditions are met. If the condi-

The caster carefully chants a long series of

tions never take place, the magic dissipates afteranumber
of months equal to the successes rolled on the initial Wits
+ Occult roll. Path effects can only be bound to specifie
inanimate objects or locations. Trigger clauses may be as
simple or complicated as desired, so long as any observed
conditions take place within sight of the ritual's focus. For
example, a caster could use delayed Rego Motus to
enchant a door to throw a spear at anyone who openedit
without speaking the correct password. Alternately, the


caster could en-
chant his journal to immolate
itself through Creo Ignem upon his demise. However, if
the caster perished out of sight of his journal, the book
would not catch fire.

Ward Versus Fac

Level-Four Ritual

This warding ritual functions exactly as does the
Ward Versus Ghouls, save that it inflicts injury upon the
fae. Vampires who wound one of the Fair Folk with such
award risk the dire enmity of all that inscrutable kind.

System: This ritual follows the same rules as
Ward Versus Ghouls (see Dark Ages: Vampire, p.
19), except that it requires a handful of iron filings
rather than a blood point

Blood Phylactery

Level-Five Ritual

Coveted by the blood sorcerers of Clan Tremere as
little else, this ritual allows a vampire to bind a part of his
cursed soul and power into a magical item. Such items

take many forms, from staves and
weapons to jeweled amulets and rings. Regardless of
shape, a Blood Phylactery augments its creator's will and
sorcerous might so long as it remains in his possession.
Cunning thaumaturges often place additional enchant-
ments on their phylacteries, especially wards and
protective magic

Syste

one complete cycle of the moon, beginning and ending

2 This ritual requires six hours per night for

on the new moon. Over this time, the thaumaturge
carefully prepares his phylactery, carving it with Her-
metic runes that signify his True Name and the sum of
his mystical knowledge. The player spends one blood
point per night and makes an extended roll of Intelli-
gence + Occult (difficulty 8), rolling once per week of
game time. Ifa night's work is missed or the rolls fail to
accumulate at least 20 successes, the ritual fails and the
process must begin anew. If the ritual succeeds, the
player spends one point of permanent Willpower to
imbue the talisman withashard ofhissoul. A thaumaturge
may only have one Blood Phylactery at a time. Owner-
ship of such a talisman may not be transferred
individual must create his own.

each


So long as a thaumaturge holds or wears his Blood
Phylactery, it grants the following advantages:

¢ The difficulty of all hostile magic directed at
him increases by one. This includes mortal Pillars as
well as all forms of blood sorcery. The Storyteller
remains the final arbiter of what qualifies as hostile.

¢ The difficulty of all the vampire's ritual castings
and Willpower rolls decreases by one, including rolls
to activate Thaumaturgy paths. If the character is
using his primary path, the difficulty decreases by
three (to a minimum difficulty of 4).

However, ownership of a phylactery carries sev-
eral disadvantages:

* Should the talisman ever fall into the hands of
another magician, the difficulty of all magic directed
at the item's true owner is reduced by three (minimum
difficulty 4). Magic that actually uses the talisman as
a focus or physical component may also have dramati-
cally increased effects at Storyteller discretion.

¢ For every full night that a thaumaturge does not
touch his phylactery, he loses one point of Willpower
from the mystical strain of separation. This drain ends
if the talisman is destroyed. Fortunately, a successful
Perception + Occult roll (difficulty 7) allows a
thaumaturge to know the direction and approximate
distance of his phylactery at all times.

Ward Versus Magi

Level-Five

ual

This warding ritual functions exactly as does the
Ward Versus Ghouls, save that it inflicts injury upon
mortal magi.

System: This ritual follows the same rules as
Ward Versus Ghouls (see Dark Ages: Vampire, p.
219), except that it requires a handful of tass taken
from a cray (see p. 173). This ward only affects
magicians whose power flows from mastery of Founda-
tions and Pillars, and has no effect on mere "hedge

wizards."

Assamite Blood Sorcery

Whereas the thaumaturgy developed by the
Tremere depends upon rote memorization and repeti-
tion, Assamite blood sorcery draws from the
improvisational and dynamic approaches of mortal
sorcerers from hundreds of origins. The stress is not on
the way one does the act, but instead the act itself. The
Assamite sorcerer Al-Ashrad often refers to a parable
about the young cook and the old one: Whereas the
youth seeks precise and accurate measurements in

ingredients, temperature and cooking duration, the
old hand takes a sloppier approach, compensating for
variation in one element by altering another. The
goal is the meal itself, rather than the platonic incar-
nation of a meal, and while the youth achieves a
similar result every time, the old cook manages to
create a broad variation with a fraction of the effort.
So it is with sorcery, Al-Ashrad concludes, emphasiz-
ing the need for focus on the result rather than the

tools used to reach that result.

The fundamental differences in approach lead to
great confusion when a student of one thaumaturgical
school of thought attempts to grasp the basics of
another, for according to one school, the magic of the
other simply shouldn't work. The sorcerer must work
to reconcile the incompatibility of styles before un-
derstanding of the underlying principles can occur.
Consequently, the requirements for comprehension
are steep. Assamites who attempt to gain insight into
Thaumaturgical paths taught by non-Assamites must
spend an additional 3 experience points and have an
Intelligence rating at least one dot higher than the
desired path level. Additionally, the initial use of
ritual magic takes twice as long to cast if learned from
any sorcerers or texts not of Assamite origin.

All Assamite sorcerers must select a primary path
during character creation. The sorcerer may pick among
any of the paths listed in Dark Ages: Vampire (pp.
213.

The Whispers of the Heavens path is one such example

217), or choose a path unique to the Assamites.

of the closely guarded paths exclusive to the Saracens,
and another — Echoes of Allah's Wrath — is described
in Road of Heaven. Assamite blood sorcery rituals are
listed below. Assamite blood sorcery follows the same
system as Thaumaturgy: the player rolls Willpower ata
difficulty of (desired path level + 3).

Whispers of the Heavens

Seers and sages claim comprehension of the spiti-
tual powers held by the night sky, but only the most
capable of mystics can bend the stars to their will. The
extensive travels of the Assamites allow them to pull
the teachings of those mystics from a myriad of cule
tures and spiritual traditions. Millennia of research
and reconciliation of disparate beliefs form the

eye
stone for Whispers of the Heavens. Sorcerers who
consider this path their primary focus often refer to
themselves as seers or diviners.

Due to the crucial role of the night sky in the
Whispers of the Heavens, sorcerers who cannot see it
are unable to use this path. Any attempt to use this


path suffers a +1 difficulty if the night is overcast and
a+2 when beneath a storm.

© Map the Skies

The Children of Haqim venture far from fortress
Alamut, often finding themselves in places that have
never been mapped. Rather than rely on luck and
local guides to return to familiar lands, the sorcerers
need only consult the stars themselves to discern an
exact location.

System: The number of successes on the standard
toll indicates the level of clarity to the current loca-
tion known by the sorcerer. The char:
y of landmarks and their relative position to
the current location. If the caster has a general famil-

cter envisions
a variet

Area

Within 100 miles
Within 10 miles
Within 1 mile
Within 250 yards
Within 10 yards

Successes
One succe

S
Two successes
Three successes
Four successes
Five successes

iarity with the area, the visions tend to display familiar
landmarks. The assistance of an accurate map may aid
the sorcerer in pinpointing an exact location.

eo Read Heaven's Plans

According to many diviners, the natural force of
fate is like a great river and the people are akin to the
fish that reside within. Surely it is possible to fight the
direction suggested by the river's flow, but only with
a heroic effort can one truly defy the force of the
current enough to swim upstream. As well, the cease-
less surging of the water carves away at the earth in a
manner that allows one to foresee the river's future
path unless it is somehow diverted by elements be-
yond the land's control.

The celestial positioning of the stars reflects this
grand proclivity for the inevitable, reflected in the
subtle humor they find in the fate of the world and
those who walk upon it. Skilled diviners can read the
most predictable path taken by people or places with
aglance at the laughter in the heavens. Sorcerers are
unable to tell the future with absolute precision, but
knowing the future's most likely inclination allows
them to oppose or support its occurrence.

System: The player rolls normally. The sorcerer
must touch the person in question or stand upon the
ground he wishes to investigate. Each success indi-

cates the extent to which the sorcerer may divine the
target's future. A failure produces muddled visions
that make no sense, while a botch may provide hallu-
cinations of potential futures so horrifying that the

Duration
One lunar month

Successes
One success
Two successes One season

Three succes

es One year

Four successes One decade

Five successes One century
sorcerer suffers a +1 difficulty to any further attempts
at divination for a full lunar month.

Successful rolls provide a less than distinct vision
coupled with a general sense of the timeframe within
which it will occur.

The Storyteller bears responsibility for determin-
ing the content of visions observed by the sorcerer. A
typical vision includes a general sense of timeframe, a

few images, and a general sense of the emotions

surrounding the event. As a rule of thumb, sorcerers
who achieve successes beyond the desired amount

find a greater degree of clarity to the visions.

For example, a sorcerer might divine the fate of a
Cainite warrior destined to fall while defending a
Hungarian village from a war vozhd in AD 1238. A
sorcerer who achieves four successes might feel great
determination as he sees an avalanche made entirely
of flesh rolling down a mountain, with the warrior
using his body to shield a rabbit hutch from the
oncoming mass, all within a decade's time. Another

ORACLE ON THE SPOT

G torytellers who are uncomfortable creat

~Jing elaborate prophecies at a moment's
notice may instead opt to rule that the sorcere
does not envision future events until she next
sleeps, whereupon the visions come to her in the
form of dreams. This can help buy time for the
Storyteller to work a more
session, rather than forcing the inclusion of useless
imagery that hamstrings the characte:
well as the Storyteller's future plans. Both the
Storytellerand the sorcerer's playershould agree to
this method of handling visions before the charac-
ter starts using this power in play.

elevant vision into the

's power as


sorcerer who rolls five successes might sense the war-
tior filled with overpowering anguish in seven oreight
zens of Hungarian faces that bear
the mark of innocenc
overpowering black shadow that bellows angry words
in many voices speaking at once.

years' time, seeing d

and violent death beneath an

Locations are somewhat different, often impart-
ing to the sorcerer a sense of the most fateful event
that will occur within the time span determined by the
roll. Exactly what "most fateful" means is left up to the
Storyteller to decide, but sorcerers most often observe
cataclysms caused by man or God (suchas a brutal war
or a devastating hurricane) and events that occur
which have a great impact on the surroundings (such
as the founding of what will eventually become a great
city). The sorcerer may attempt to limit her investiga-
tions to a particular time frame if she chooses, but she
will still only see the most important event within the
chosen time frame.

It is important to note that even visions imparting
near c As with most proph-
ecy, the sorcerer only sees what will most likely occur if
nts take their

y are never truly precise.

current ev course without interruption.

eee Call Down the Hunter's Moon

"When the stars are right," says Al-Ashrad, "even
the meekest of sheep can stand up to the lion." This
truth is the basis for a technique that allows the
Children of Haqim their seemingly perfect timing.
The caster rubs a finger smeared with ash from a
freshly doused fire upon the surface of his tongue, then
meditates upon his course of action before uttering it
aloud. A sense of the sorcerer's best time to undertake
his course of action within the next season flows from
the moon's light into the sorcerer's mind. The
Assamites who hold faith in this heavenly recommen-
dation find their luck greatly increased if they heed
the divine suggestion, although they aren't obl
to follow it

ted

System: The sorcerer muststate theact aloud before
the player rolls, be it "the seduction of Mademoiselle
Blanc," "the placement of the tower's foundation stone"
or "the murder by poisoned knife of the sultan's most
favored warrior." A success indicates the best hour
between the present time and sunrise to attempt an
immediate task, or the night within the next three lunar
months to perform the act, as specified by the player after
the roll. A botch provides the sorcerer with knowledge
ofan hour or night that should be generally fortuitous to
the completion of the task, but that in fact coincides
with a time most inauspicious for the character to do so.

This indicates that events beyond the character's con-

— SS

ees

LAYERS GI

trol will conspire to make the character suffer for her
involvement, such as the unexpected arrival of a bitter
enemy, great retribution from a prince for the event's
completion, a great battle surrounding the act or a
natural catastrophe such as a tornado occurring in the
vicinity. This is not to say that potentially disastrous
external events cannot occur unless there isa botch, but
they are assured in such an instance, and the character
retains no sorcerous advantage to aid her. The Story-
teller is encouraged to invent a great challenge, but not
an impossibility

Attempting the act in question at the indicated
time provides the player with a number of temporary
Willpower points equal to the number of successes
y from
the normal Willpower pool and are not limited by the
character's amount of total Willpower. Any remain-
ing at the end of the night (or upon successful
completion of the task) are lost. The sorcerer may not
gain more Willpower by repeating the use of the power

scored on the roll. These are recorded separate

for the exact same act, as the initial amount provided
cannot be altered. It is suggested that the player or
Storyteller record the act verbatim to prevent confu-
sion should the event occur in future sessions.

The power only works with extended, complex
tasks that cannot feasibly be accomplished with a
single die roll or over the course of a single action. For
example, "the murder by poisoned knife of the sultan's
most favored warrior" consists of a variety of actions
leading up to the warrior's death: sneaking into the
sultan's palace, evading the guards on the way to the
warrior's quarters, dodging the roused warrior's at
tempts at defense, and striking a blow deep enough for
the poison to take effect.

The sorcerer can provide the benefits of the power
to a small group of individuals limited in number to
her Leadership rating. Each must personally provide
the sorcerer with a single blood point, and they must
know the intended purpose for the blood. Doing so
provides every individual connected by the power
with the same number of temporary Willpower points
as the sorcerer receives which are restricted similarly

in their usage.

eoee Trace the Soul's Favor

A person's date of birth is a powerful thing, and
can provide a sorcerer with vast amounts of knowl
edge related to the individual. A skilled diviner can
implore the stars to whisper an account of their
position upon the night of the person's birth. With
this knowledge in hand, the sorcerer can divine the
most intimate details of a person, such as the most


violent act he is capable of performing under normal
conditions, the types of work best suited to him, and
whether he will fulfill his destiny before dying.
System: The player rolls normally, and each
success provides the sorcerer with one item of knowl-
e about the individual's true self. With Storyteller
discretion, five successes can also provide the sorcerer
with clues surrounding the subject's ultimate fate. If
the sorcerer knows neither the subjec

's true name nor
date of birth (or date of Embrace for Cainites), the roll
is made at a +3 difficulty. Should the sorcerer know

one but not the other, the penalty is only +1

If the roll botches, the targeted character imme-
diately gains the chilling sensation that someone is
watching him. Ifhe ever sees the sorcerer in the future,
he immediately knows that the sorcerer once tried to
spy on him.

Exactly what knowledge the sorcerer gains from
the roll is determined by the Storyteller, but it could
likely include a variety of mechanical information
such as any prominent Disciplines or Abilities, esti-
mated Willpower rating, road (with approximate
rating), the subject's true Nature or the strongest (or

weakest) Virtue. Generally the information is pro-
vided as though by prophecy rather than directly to
the player. For
Path of Chivalry with a rating of 7 might provide the
character with an image of a knight wearing a bur-

xample, a subject who walked the

nished circlet and plate armor that needed a polish.

°

eo Ripples on the Sea of Stars

All who gaze upon the wonder of the night sky
observe a shimmering ocean of stars. Sorcerers who
teach the pinnacle of this path know the heavens
watch the world as well, each star observing a small
portion and sharing what they see with one another.
Byappealing to the heavens themselves, sorcerers can
look upon portions of the world just as the stars do, but
they may only see that which appears beneath an open
nightsky. Sorcerers must know the individual, item or
location they wish to observe, for stars are reluctant to

share their observations with the unconnecte
System: The player rolls normally. The sorcerer
observes remote events by specifying a person present

for them, the location where they are to occur or an
item within close proximity. If the sorcerer has suc-
cessfully divined the target's future at a prior point,
whether through this path or through other mystic
capabilities, reduce the difficulty of the roll by one.
Both the sorcerer and the target must stand be-
neath the night sky (inclement weather affects the

Details
The scene appears dimly.

Successes
One success
Two successes The sceneappears with sound.
Three successes The scene appears as it would
were the sorcerer present; al-
lowing use of Auspex 1, 2, and
4 for observation.

The sorcerer may. use any
Auspex orsorcerouspath power
(though no rituals) to observe
or analyze the scene.

Four succe:

Five successes _Any Assamite sorcery power or *
ritual may affect the scene if
the sorcerer's physical presence
is not a requirement.

difficulty of the roll as usual). The target must hav
been personally encountered in the past by the sor-
cerer, and must not be under a roof or touched by the
sun's rays at the time of the attempt. Each success
indicates the strength of the image and the sorcerer's
capacity for limited mystic manipulation.

The sorcerer's vision centers on the target and its
immediate surroundings, lasting for the remote scene's
duration or until night's end at either location. The
sorcerer suffers a +2 difficulty for all interactions with
his own physical surroundings when using this power,
for the convergence of reality and vision breeds con-
fusion. Any individual with Auspex near the target
feels the slightest sense of being watched. Should the
target lose sight of the open sky for longer than one
minute, the vision ceases immediately.

AssamiteRituals

Eye of the Translator

Level-One Ritual

Languages long forgotten pose no problem for the
Children of Hagim, as the size of Alamut's library
testifies. This ritual aids in the translation of any
written language with which the sorcerer is unfamil-
iar, allowing the easier retranslation of archaic writing.
The usefulness of this ritual often attracts viziers to the
basics of Thaumaturgy, occasionally leading to fric-
tion with some sorcerers who hold a rigid view of the
divisions between castes.

System: The player rolls normally (see Dark
Ages: Vampire, p. 217). The sorcerer slices the skin
along her left eyebrow and wills three drops of blood

tp SS ee
a oS
= CHAPTER FOUR-

to fall to the single page, sheet or surface requiring
translation. This act is purely symbolic and causes no
loss of blood or heath levels. The sorcerer meditates
for 10 minutes as the blood slithers into the writing
and fades. The character then receives a number of
extra successes equal to those achieved when casting
the ritual to any roll for translation, decryption or
comprehension. These extra successes are lost at the
end of the night or after the character ceases working
for more than 10 minutes. The sorcerer must enact the
ritual separately for each page, sheet, or surface requir-
ing translation.

Dowse the Earth's Blood

Level-One Ritual

Water supports life, whether in the deepest deserts
or humid forests. The Saracens know that to find people,
one should first look to where those people drink
Sorcerers performing this ritual listen to the sounds of
the earth to locate the nearest renewable fresh water
source that is accessible to the caster. The more skilled
can determine impurities in the water, and even trace
the impurities to their source. Knowing the source of
impurities generally allows the sorcerer to find fresher
water before the point of its contamination.

The sorcerer disrobes and meditates upon

bare earths the player rolls normally. Additional successes
F

provide additional levels of information listed below.

General direction and distance.
es Knowledge of any impurities.
Source of all impurities.

One success
Three success

Five successes

Blood's Cry for Vengeance

Level-Two Ritual

The Children of Haqim travel far across the face of
the world, often treading alone in myriad directions, yet
they always know when one of their members falls to
treachery. Few aware of the clan as a whole knowingly
commit a murder of betrayal against an Assamite, for
shortly thereafter more arrive to exact revenge for the
fallen. The blood sorcerers achieve this effect through a
ritual that weaves the threads of destiny together for the
members of their clan. All that is required to do so is two
or more willing participants.

Upon the Final Death of any member of the
group, all those linked experience a vision of the fallen
member's death; a flash of the victim's emotional
state; and a vague sense of the events that led to his
fall, leading back roughly five seconds per person

within the bond. The connection is so ephemeral that
qost methods of perception are unable to detect it
Any Assamite who travels to Alamut for the firsttime
is linked to the Elder and any pilgrims who arrive
within the same lunar month.

The bond itself is an obligation not taken lightly,
for those connected bear the responsibility of ven-
geance for the fallen who were betrayed or died
dishonorably. Those occupied with business crucial to
the clan or physically incapable of travel may send
their agents to follow up, but Children of Haqim who
shirk their sworn duties may soon find themselves at
odds with their own clan.

System: A sorcerer can link a number of individu
als equal to his Occult rating. The caster uses @
wooden bowl to collect two blood points from each
Cainite to be linked. The participants sit around an
open fire, meditating upon their connection to each
During the next hour the sorcerer heats the
Unle:
the casting roll fails, the ritual binds the circle's fates
together as described. No known way exists to block
the transmission of death's final moments, and there
isno limit to the number of circles into which one can
be bound. Casters who wish to be part of a link mayso
incorporate themselves into the bond, but their pres

other.

blood over the fire until the last of it boils aw

ence counts towards the limit of the circle's size

Glossolalic Fervor

Level-Two Ritual

The babbling of fools and madmen often seems
unstructured and chaotic, but those who know howto
read the patterns of insanity understand the logic of
the spirits that lies beneath. With this ritual the
sorcerer may divine a universal truth about a particu-
lar topic using another person as a vessel. The caster
places a focus (see below) upon the tongue before
performing the ritual on a physically restrained yet
willing subject. The subject enters convulsions as the
spirits fill his being. He shouts strings of random
syllables that the sorcerer can interpret as truths about
the subject.

System: The ritual converts one blood point from
the sorcerer into a poisonous, vibrant concoction that
works its way through the target's body. Each success
on the standard ritual roll (see Dark Ages: Vampire,
p. 217) forces a phrase from the subject that only the
sorcerer can understand, providing information that
the sorcerer does not know and could not easily
observe. The divination is limited to present or past
events, as the spirits conveying the knowledge are


unaware of what the future may hold. For example, the
sorcerer might learn that a rival's favored weapon is
weak at ‘the hilt, or that a grain shipment sent to
Cologne is running three weeks late due to poor
, but not that a horse will
expire from exhaustion in three nights. The sorcerer
has no control over what secrets the spirits share; they
are left to the Storyteller's discretion

weather and a broken axle

At the ritual's end, the medium through which
the spirits speak must soak seven levels of bashing

damage, minus the sorcerer's rank in Assamite Sor-

cery. Should the roll on this ritual botch, the damage
is instead lethal. The ritual works best with mortal
mediums, but a ghoul may fulfill the role at +1 diffi-
culty for the sorcerer. Cainite mediums impose a +3
difficulty and feel profoundly unnerved by the experi-
ence for the following lunar month

The focus must be physically associated with the
subject of the divination, from a shaving of material
from an object, to a piece of hair from a person. The
Storyteller ultimately deems what kinds of focus will
work. Sorcerers who perform this ritual more than
once per lunar month receive a penalty of +1 per

attempt as more spirits begin to trail the sorcerer,

fighting with one another for their chance to break
through the pale

Mark the Blood Hath

Level-Three Ritual

Often the Children of Haqim find themselves
opposing Cainites who may have no personal involve-
ment in the matter at hand, but who fight fang and
claw to fulfill the wishes of a distant regent. With this
ritual the Saracens can discover who truly opposes
them, and opt to remedy the situation, if necessary

System: Each success on the standard roll pro-
vides the sorcerer with a clear image of one master, as
the target last encountered them, with the first success
always displaying the Cainite's sire (if still among the
unliving)

Aasters" include Cainites to whom the
target has sworn an oath, or vampires of whose blood
the target has partaken. Obviously, any Cainite would
holds a blood oath over the target is revealed. The

sorcerer must have a focus to perform the ritual, which
takes roughly 15 minutes to complete. Blood is the
most preferred focus, providing no difficulty penalty,
but the also use one of the target's

sorcerer may

personal effects at a +1 difficulty


Messenger of the Winds

Level-Three Ritual

Long ago the Assamite sorcerers in Alamut
developed a ritual that would allow them to keep in
contact with even the most far-ranging of Haqim's
children. As long as the sorcerer knows an
individual's name and possesses enough of his blood
to write it down, she may send a written communi-
cation to him, wherever he may be in the world
This ritual is most often used by sorcerers in Alamut,
who may draw Assamite vitae from the Heartblood.
The ritual may only pass along written communi-
cation, although more powerful rites supposedly
exist to transport small items at much greater cost.
Ss

works as expected. The sorcerer is not required to

em: Any successes indicate that the ritual

write the message himself, but the pen used to
compose the message must be made from the feather
, and the physical material of the page
must be clean linen. The sorcerer ties the message
with a white silk ribbon, upon which she writes the
recipient's name in his own blood. Once complete,
she throws the message into the night sky for the
winds to catch and carry to the recipient. The ritual
does not work if the message is itself enchanted in

of an ea:

some other manner, but magical instructions and
formulae may be conveyed. The communication
appears in the target's possession at exactly mid-
night of the next night.

A failure indicates that the sorcerer must re-
copy the missive onto fresh linen before attempting
again, while a botch randomly delivers the message
to someone who is somehow connected to the
intended target, whether directly or tangentially

Fingers Form the Hand

Level-Four Ritual

With Fingers Form the Hand, Alamut's more
powerful sorcerers can extend their grasp into the
day itself. This elaborate, six-hour ritual reaches its
climax when the sorcerer converts a portion of his
own blood to a thick, noxious sludge, which is
immediately expelled from his body. Those who
feed upon the brackish blood before the next sun-
rise enter a fugue state, subsuming their will to that
of the sorcerer. The sorcerer's influence begins
when he enters his nightly slumber, when his mind
slips into that of the "fingers."

The group operates as a cohesive whole, follow-
ing the spirit rather than the letter of the sorcerer's
instructions. While incapable of following commands

that counteract self-preservation, such as "kill your
self," they will respond to instructions such as "attack
those five guardsmen" without hesitation. Although

capable of automatic actions such as self-defense or

regaining their balance, they are otherwise entirely
beholden to the sorcerer's mental commands until
the next sunset, when the ritual ends. No known
sorcery is capable of breaking the mortals from the

ritual's grasp other than the setting of the sun.

System: The player rolls as normal. Each sue
cess (up to five) indicates the conversion of a blood
point to the noxious vitae, which the sorcerer must
immediately expel or suffer an automatic level of
bashing damage once per minute. Any ghouls may
participate, whether human or animal, including
those not bound to the sorcerer. The blood's fundae
mentally altered nature does not count toward
creating or maintaining a blood oath.

The "fingers" suffer no wound penalties for the
duration of the ritual and do not roll for initiative,
instead acting simultaneously under the sorcerers
initiative roll. These characters must remain within
the general vicinity of one another at all times,
generally within 100 yards of at least one other
servant, or the ritual immediately ends. Should any
servant fall unconscious during the ritual he is
removed from its control, even if he should re
awaken before sunset. The death of a servant under
the influence of the ritual causes the sorcerer to

immediately suffer a point of unsoakable aggra-
vated damage

The sorcerer possesses a limited capacity to use
Disciplines while under the effects of the ritual;
specifically Celerity and the first two levels of
Auspex. Celerity allows the sorcerer to spread extra
actions among the servants, causing one level of
bashing to the servant for each extra action under
taken. For example, a sorcerer directing three
"fingers" with Celerity ranked at 3 could choose to
provide one finger with three additional actions,
one finger with two actions and a second with one,
or all three fingers with one additional action
apiece, but each extra action would force

hing
damage. Any attempts to affect the minds of the
servants through mystical powers stich as sorcery or

Disciplines instead target the sorcerer and suffera
+2 difficulty

Should the player botch the initial roll, any
who drink the altered vitae suffer one level of
aggravated damage per blood point. Any mortals
who imbibe this polluted concoction become vio-
lently ill until they can expel the contaminated


vitae. They also suffer a -1 penalty to all physical
actions except for soak until their next eight full
hours of uninterrupted rest.

Coerce the Profane

Level-Four Ritual

For all their infernal power, those of a demonic
bent encounter a myriad of problems concealing
their true nature from the world. Demons are cun-
ning, however. Some skilled in the arts of deception
can lurk among humans in large towns, or fool even
the most skittish of animals into thinking they are
nothing but another mortal.

Knowing this, the sorcerer Al-Ashrad and his
disciples worked furiously to counteract these in-
fernal disguises. This ritual was the result. To
perform it, a triad of sorcerers works the ritual
outside of a holy symbol drawn with the soil of the
target location. The effort takes roughly four hours
and leaves the sorcerers exhausted, but its effects
begin immediately.

Any creatures who serve the Adversary have
their true nature exposed to the world around
them. The scent of Hell that surrounds them causes
all manner of abominations to occur, such as the
tapid curdling of cream, horses birthing dead foals
with no eyes, a rain of blood and camphor, standing
water catching fire, large beetles boiling out from
the center of freshly baked bread, and any other
such terrifying effects.

ssamites often use this ritual to locate pro-
fane creatures among groups of mortals, but they
must take care to prevent large scale rioting and
d
populated areas. Often exposing the demon to the
mortals it walks among is enough to drive it off, for
any who directly witness its true nature always

h, and so prefer not to perform it in densely

tecognize it in any future form.

System: Three sorcerers perform this ritual
together; each player spends one blood point and
makes the standard roll. The total number of com-
bined successes is the number of nights that the
effect lasts. The ritual's effect extends from the
point of the soil's collection for 100 yards per total
success and affects any applicable target within the
tadius. The aura of profanity grows stronger as one
approaches the demonic agent, and any animal or
person in its immediate presence knows it for ex-
actly what it is. A botched roll on this ritual reflects
the aura of profanity back upon each of the casters,.

The ritual affects any being touched by the
Adversary using sorcerous or demonic means to

disguise its true nature. This does not necessarily
include Baali vampires, although if a Baali uses
Obfuscate or another supernatural power to hide or
disguise itself, this ritual affects him.

Erpel the Dark humors

Level-Five Ritual

Worse than the infernal creatures wearing the
illusion of mortal form are those who clothe them-
selves in the flesh of a human being. The most
powerful and guarded of Assamite rituals serves to
force the foul creatures from human bodies. Though
the theological specifics are still debated by the
Amr and his closest circle of advisors, the ritual
emphasizes the potential for divinity that ex

ists In
all mortals. The effect scalds the demon with purity
and forcefully ejects it from the mortal body, trap-
ping its seared form in the world shortly thereafter.
Although the ritual is dangerous for the target,
skilled sorcerers have the capability to drive the
demon out through an existing cavity rather than
forcing it to tear open its own egress.

Syste:
long ritual in the presence of the target. Sorcerers who

The sorcerer must attempt the hour-

take one full week of preparation can reduce the
difficulty by one. The player rolls normally and the
target of the ritual immediately suffers 10 levels of
lethal damage, minus one for each success achieved
by the sorcerer (this damage may be soaked if the
target is capable of doing so). The demon manifests as
it is ousted from the target's body, and suffers one level
of unsoakable aggravated damage for each success. It
is incapable of departing the mortal world through
magical means for one hour per success, and it is
immediately aware of this. A failure does not cause
damage to the target, but if the demon was not
previously aware of the attempt it immediately recog-
nizes the sorcerer's potential to damage it. A botch
kills the target instantly and forces the demon out, but
it suffers no harm and is not bound to remain in the
mortal world

Merits and Flaws

The following Merits and Flaws are particularly
appropriate for vampires of the Low Clans, represent-
ing an assortment of useful Nosferatu and Gangrel
deformities, permutations of madness and bestiality,
the social ties that bind or exclude the dregs of Cainite
society and much more. Players of High Clan vam-
pires can purchase these Traits for their characters
with Storyteller approval.


Physical

Bloat (sto --pt. Merit)

You can store more blood than your generation
should allow. Every point invested in this Merit
increases your maximum blood pool by one, al-
though it does not increase the rate at which you
can process or expend vitae. When you exceed your
normal limits, your skin blushes red as though

burned, or visibly bulges, giving you a grotesque
nce-based
pools while in this state). Other Cainites (and
beings with heightened senses) can smell the blood
trying to squeeze past your pores with a successful
Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 7). This can
incite frenzy in hungry vampires.

visage (lose one die from all Appea

Feeding Tongue (1- toc- pt. Merit)

Your tongue extends to inhuman lengths as a
bizarre instrument of feeding. It may be delicate
and forked like a serpent's or a monstrous cartilagi-
nous spike, but the effect is the same. You can
extend your tongue six inches per point invested in
this Merit, and may drain blood or inflict aggra-
vated damage without clinching your prey (as long
as you are within range). Unlike traditional feed-
ing, your tongue does not engender the pleasure of
the Kiss. Such feeding is more like a giant mosquito
plunging a dagger-sized needle into flesh and si-
phoning blood fast enough to collapse veins.

Heart of Bone (s- to --pt. Merit)

Your heart is protected by a sheath of leathery
cartilage or warped bone. For every point invested
in this Merit, you gain one extra soak die to resist
staking attempts or other attacks intended to pierce
the heart. These soak dice do not protect against
other forms of damage.

Long Fingers (s-pt. Merit)

Your fingers are hideously long and spidery,
perhaps with extra joints, or rubbery like the ten-
tacles of a squid. You gain one extra die on all rolls
involving fine coordination or grappling.

Piscine (s-pt. Merit)

You are unusually comfortable underwater and
vastly prefer swimming to walking. You receive a -
1 difficulty to all Physical dice pools related to
underwater movement. This Merit is particularly

common among canal- or harbor-dwelling broods
of Nosferatu and the occasional aquatic Gangrel.

Supple Joints (s- or F-pt. Merit)

You are unusually lithe. For one point, you
reduce the difficulty of all Dexterity rolls involving
body flexibility by two (such as escaping restraints
orcontorting through tight spaces). For three points,
you can bend most joints backward, dislocate oth-
ersat will and perform feats of contortion impossible
fora human body (such as turning your head to look
straight back). You can escape most restraints and
lly, although
the Storyteller may require a roll for extreme feats.

slither through small spaces automatic:

Tmmune to Disease (z-pt. Merit)

You are preternaturally resistant to disease and
may freely gorge on infected blood without risk of
becoming a carrier. Only magical diseases can afflict
you, and you gain an extra die to resist these unnatural
maladies. Few C:
of their gift.

Maw (2-pt. Merit)

Unlike other vampires, you have a distended maw
filled with jagged, knifelike fangs. Your bite inflicts an
extra die of damage, and you may drain one extra blood
point each turn when feeding. Unfortunately, yourteeth
are obviously inhuman and cannot retract. Unless you
keep your mouth closed, you suffer +2 difficulty on all
Social rolls not involving Intimidation.

Retractable Wings (z-pt. Merit)

A vampire with this Merit may take an action to
extend or retract her wings. Retracted wings collapse
and fold tightly against the body, allowing the charac-
ter to move through tighter spaces and maneuver
unencumbered. Only Gargoyles and other vampires
with wings may purchase this Merit.

inites with such resistance are aware

Unmarred Face (z- too-pt. Merit)

Even if your body is a leprous husk of pustules or
a monstrous chimera of fused animals, your face re-
mains eerily pristine. So long as your face is the only
part of you that is visible, your effecti¥e Appearance
rating is one dot for every two points invested in this
Merit. Nosferatu characters with this Merit suffer
worsened deformities in other parts of their bodies,
gaining at least one physical Flaw for which they gain
no points (as well as the undying scorn of their
clanmates). Obviously, this Merit is useless (and not


1
1

permissible) to characters without serious full-body
deformity of some kind.

Blood Connoisseur (F-pt. Merit)

With a single whiff or tasted drop, you can learn
much about a given sample of blood. Your refined
palette can even detect the presence of foreign sub-
stances or taint. Whenever you analyze a sample, roll
Perception + Alertness (difficulty 6). Each success
allows you to glean one fact about the blood, such as
its potency, freshness, species, or whether it has been
poisoned or contaminated with disease. If multiple
successes are spent learning a single fact, additional
details may be unveiled at Storyteller discretion. Note
that this Merit does not confer preternatural aware-
ness like the Rego Vitae power A Taste for Blood.
Characters who have never tasted arsenic or Lupine
blood cannot recognize either — although they may
discern such samples as poisoned or non-human. Inno

case may characters discern supernatural properties
like clan or generation. As always, the Storyteller
determines what information a character may learn.

Foul Humors (F-pt. Merit)

Your flesh and blood tastes bilious or outright
putrescent. Anyone who bites or feeds from you must
make a Willpower roll (difficulty 5 plus the number of
health levels inflicted or blood points consumed).
Those who fail spend the next turn choking, retching
or gagging. Any fool who actually attempts to drink
you dry (such as in preparation for diablerie) must
make three consecutive Willpower rolls at difficulty 9
to succeed. If any of these checks fail, the feeding
vampire spends the rest of the scene vomiting his
entire blood pool in a fountain of tainted gore.

Patagia (4- or-z-pt. Merit)

Leathery wings fold into your body like a bat or
flying squirrel, hanging flaccidly like a tattered cloak
when not in use unless hidden beneath bulky clothes.
Although you cannot actually fly, you may glide forshort
distances at your normal walking speed with the aid of
updrafts or strong winds. Characters with this Merit
cannot have an Appearance greater than 2, and most
suffer from the Monstrous Flaw (p. 304 of Dark Ages:
Vampire). A few dedicated infernalists and seriously
misshapen Gangrel occasionally manifest a more potent
version of this Merit, conferring strong bat-like wings
extending more than five yards from tip to tip. Charac-
ters with the seven-point version can fly at speeds of 20
miles per hour and perform aerial maneuvers with their

Athletics, although they cannot carry objects heavier
than half their own weight. Wings of this size can fold
back like an elaborate cape, but they cannot be con-
cealed without supernatural methods. Gargoyles cannot
purchase any form of this Merit.

Face of the Beast (2-pt. Flaw)

The Beast Within emerges in times of hunger or
stress, twisting your visage into a monstrous caricature of
human form. Your Appearance rating can never exceed
your current blood pool. In addition, you must roll Self-
Control (difficulty 6) whenever you are subject to stress.
This is in addition to any checks for frenzy. If you fail,
your Appearance drops to zero for the rest of the scene.
Characters with this Flaw who follow Instinct automati-
cally assume their bestial visage if provoked, as do those
who actually succumb to frenzy.

Stench (z-pt. Flaw)

Even for a society skeptical of bathing, you stink.
No one willingly stands downwind of you, and even
Nosferatu find you revolting. You lose two dice from
most Social and Stealth rolls unless you are standing
several yards downwind of your target. In addition,
anyone within a yard of you must reflexively roll
Stamina at difficulty 6 (or 8 for individuals with a
heightened sense of smell). Those who fail lose one
die from all actions due to overwhelming nausea until
they withdraw from your immediate presence.

Plague Bearer (F-pt. Flaw)

Your blood is infected with plague or some equally
virulent disease. You might not show symptoms or
suffer its ravages, but you can transmit it to all your
victims. Even worse, you cannot rid yourself of the
disease by purging your blood (as described on p. 256
of Dark Ages: Vampire). Alchemy or thaumaturgy
may offer a cure, as may the healing arts of the
vanishing Salubri. If your condition is known, you
might be forbidden access to many cities or restricted

to feeding from lepers and other diseased wretches.
Cainites who drink your blood must check for infec-
tion normally, although they may cure themselves by
purging.

Infested (4- or z-pt. Flaw)

Foul creatures live on or inside you; possibilities
include worms, maggots, lice, ticks, mosquitoes or
something stranger, like bloodsucking fungus. Alter-
nately, a cloud of buzzing flies or other insects
perpetually follows you around. Truly wretched souls


may even suffer both versions of this Flaw for seven
points, with flying insects crawling in and out of their
orifices at inopportune moments. If you play host to
hemovores, roll one die when you awaken at dusk.
Divide the result by 3, rounding up, and subtract that
many blood points from your pool. This blood loss
cannot drive you into torpor; the worst that can
happen is that you awaken in hunger frenzy. In addi-
tion, the constant itching makes you irritable, adding
+1 tothe difficulty of all Self-Control rolls. If you trail
clouds of flies, the insects subtract one die from most

Social rolls. Additionally, their constant buzzing an-
nounces your presence, adding +2 to the difficulty of
all Stealth attempts.

Mental
Ability Aptitude (s-pt. Mevit)

You are particularly gifted with one Ability. Per-
haps you are a divinely inspired blacksmith or a
peerless scholar of law. Within your specific aptitude,
reduce all difficulties by two. Characters may purchase
this Merit more than once, but Storytellers should feel
free to veto any selections that seem too powerful or
unbalanced, especially combat Abilities.

Sanguine Lucidity (s-pt. Merit)

In satiation you find sanity. Whenever your blood
pool is completely full, you do not suffer the effects of
any derangement

As a result, you often gorge in the
futile hope that you can silence your inner demons
forever. This Merit cannot suppress a Malkavian's
core derangement, although it may alleviate addi-
tional madness. Sane characters may purchase this
Merit, although they do not learn of their resistance
unless they gain a derangement.

lock (3-pt. Merit)

You feel strong ties of kinship with a specific
community of mortals. The difficulty to resist frer
always two less than normal where your flock is
concerned, enabling you to better withstand the lure
of their blood and forgive their trespasses. If you do
succumb to fre

is

zy, you may spend one Willpower
point to recognize members of your flock as friends. As
long as these individuals stay out of your way and do
not directly provoke you, you may ignore them for the
duration of the rampage. This Merit is often coupled
with the Prey Exclusion Flaw (Dark Ages: Vampire

p. 305). Storytellers should feel free to disallow any
communities deemed unbalancing or too inclusive.

Enlightened (s--pt. Merit)

You have detached yourself from the War of
Princes and taken the first step on the bitter journey
to Golconda. The difficulty of all Virtue rolls is two
less than normal. Characters must ascribe to the
Virtues of Conscience and Self-Control and have a
Road rating of 8 or higher to purchase or retain this
Merit. If you ever fail to meet these conditions, you
lose your way and the benefits of enlightenment.
Storytellers should feel free to inflict automatic de-
generation on characters who abuse this Merit.

Fierce Vigot (z-pt. Flaw)

You hold particular hatred or disdain foraspeclti
class or community of mortals. You make all frenzy
checks at +2 difficulty around such individuals, and
always attack them first if you do succumb to frei

Moon Mad (z-pt. Flaw)

Your temper way
the moon. Under the crescent moon, difficulties to

+s and wanes with the phases of

avoid frenzy increase by one. This difficulty modifier
rises to two under a half or gibbous moon, and three
under a full moon. There is no difficulty modifier
during the new moon

Wanderlust (4-pt. Flaw)

Like Caine himself, you are cursed to wander the
Earth, never finding succor or rest until God Himself
grants it to you. You may only sleep three consecutive
days in the same one-mile area. If you surpass this
limit, each successive day leads to cumulative halving

of all dice pools (toa minimum score of | in any pool).
You do not suffer this agitation in torpor. Gangrel of
the Anda bloodline cannot purchase this Flaw.

Suicidal Beast (c pt. Flaw)

Some part of your withered soul recognizes your
damnation. Perhaps your Beast repents its hunger, or
your self-destructive impulse overrides its instincts.
Whenever youare ina position to check for Rétschreck,
roll Courage as normal. However, failure does not lead

to the Red F

danger and embrace destruction — se

ar. Instead you seek out the source of
ng a torch by
the flames or dashing into the sunlight. It is possible

for characters with this Flaw to develop "normal"
survival instincts in play, but never eas


r of
mey
two.
the
vea
this
you
ant.
de-

ific
zy
ind
zy.

sof

to
ier
fee
ier

he
elf
ve

Social
Mopted Tuto Grace (s-pt. Merit)

Despite your lineage, you have been accepted by
local members of the High C
Worthy of respect. Unfortunately, your own clanmates
see you as a pretentious toady. The difficulty of all
Social rolls involving other Cainites who know of
jour reputation increases or decreases by 1, depending
on which class you are interacting with. Characters
thust have at least one dot of Status to purchase this
Merit. The benefits of this Merit only extend as far as
the character's reputation

ns as a noble, or at least

seldom more than a

Alternate Toentity (s- to --pt. Merit)

You have established a false persona that stands up
toscrutiny and investigation. The quality and detail of
thisface depends on the number of points invested in the
Merit. For one point, your identity isnew or intended for
casual use only. At two points, it takes determined effort
foreveal your ruse. For three points, your false name is
known in several cities. At four points, your identity is
widely known and respected. For five points, you can
even deceive the most paranoid elders. Although the
difficulty of any Investigation to determine your true
identity equals your Alternate Identity rating + 5, itis up
to you to actively maintain your persona. Characters
with more than one false face must purchase this Merit
multiple times.

Harmless (1-pt. Merit)

You are well known to the ¢
ineffectual and useless. While this estimation may
seem insulting, it also keeps you safe. No one considers

Jainites of your city as

youa threat, and so no one feels the need to dispose of
you. If you start acting in a way that demonstrates you
are competent and no longer harmless, others' reac-
tions to you will swiftly change.

Network (1- to --pt. Merit)

You have an impressive web of contacts and
agents that extends beyond a single city. Better still,
they serve you skillfully and subtly beneath the notice
of the High Clans, making you far more formidable
than you appear. Your Network reaches one extra city
per point invested in this Merit. Upon arriving any-
where in the bounds of your Network, you gain access

to your full rating in Allies, Contacts, Herd and

Retainers at the rate of one dot per night (although
obviously, any Retainers thus gained are not initially
ghouls, whether or not the Retainers in your home
city are). You may also communicate with agents in
other cities via correspondence, although they can
only serve the role of Contacts. This Merit is most
common among Followers of Set and Nosferatu.

Pretender to the Blood (s-pt. Merit)

You have successfully passed yourself off as a mem-
ber of the High Clans, at least locally. As such, you
receive acceptance from the aristocracy and suffernone
of the stigi
can expect terrible retribution if your ruse is discovered

na associated with your actual ancestry. You

Scarred (s-pt. Merit)

Whether a result of battle wounds or religious
practices, your body is heavily adorned with scars. These
scars do not interfere with your movement or sensation,
they ugly enough to reduce your Appearance.
However, anyone who beholds you recognizes you as
someone intimately familiar with pain and violence.
You reduce the difficulties of all Intimidation rolls by
two. Asa rule, town drunks are less inclined to quarrel

nor

with you and most individuals will assume you know
how tofight (whether or not youactually do). This Merit
can also reflect branding, tattooing or other rarer mark-
ings at Storyteller discretion

Former Magus (z-pt. Merit or Flaw)
In life you were a mage, able to reshape creation
with the force of your will. That power is lost to you
now, replaced with the curse of Caine. Yet you have
not sundered all ties to your former Fellowship. If this
trait is a Merit, a few of your mystical associates still
talk to you. They probably won't give you access to
their libraries or let you into their sanctums, but they
pass along information from time to time and ex-
change favors when it suits them. If this trait isa Flaw,
your former associates view you as a liability. They

might not actively hunt you (unless you also take the
Enemy Flaw), but they regard you as a monster and
traitor and treat you accordingly. This trait is ex-
tremely rare outside of Clan Tremere.

Uncouth (s-pt. Flaw)

Even for a peasant or foreigner,

you have extremely
poor manners and an equally tarnished reputation.
Depending on your Charisma, other lower-class indi-


viduals me

y spit as you pass or laugh at your bawdy
humor, but aristocrats and Cainites of the High Clans
are notamused. When interacting with your betters, you
cannot have more dice in a Social pool than twice your
Status Background. The Storyteller may waive this limit
if crudeness serves your intent (such as Intimidation
attempts). This Flaw should be roleplayed.

Blood Hunted (z- or ¢-pt. Flaw)

You have been made the target of a blood hunt
Should you return to your home city, you risk imme-
diate destruction. For two points, this Flaw only applies
to your home city. For four, the hunt extends any-
where your prince has allies. Hunts of such magnitude
are only called against the most heinous criminals
among the Damned.

Botched Presentation (z-pt. Flaw)

When you were presented to the prince of the
city, you breached protocol or embarrassed yourself
in some spectacular fashion. Your error may have
or not, depending on other Flaws
— but you are convinced that Her Majesty hates
you. You must roll Willpower (difficulty 7) to stand
in front of the prince or her designated representa-

been forgiven

tive without running, sniveling or otherwise acting
like a fool.

Sormer Cat's-Paw (z-pt. Flaw)

You have done dirty work for an important
Cainite in the past
prince. However, instead of granting you favor,
your patron now sees you as a liability to her
interests. For the moment, your former employer is
content to keep you quiet with veiled threats. If you
continue to make a nuisance of yourself, however,

maybe an elder or even a

she will use more drastic measures to silence you

Village Hiot (s-pt. Flaw)

You were regarded as a fool in life or have
acquired that unfortunate reputation in unlife.
Either way, no one takes you seriously. At the very
least, you suffer a +2 difficulty on most Expression
and Leadership rolls, and this penalty may apply to
other Social rolls as decided by the Storyteller. It
is possible to lose this Flaw in play, but it isn't easy
Even if you come up with a brilliant plan, most
people dismiss it — and you — on general prin-
ciple, or assume that you stole the idea from
someone else.

Scapegoat (4-pt. Flaw)

Whenever anything goes wrong, you are the
first suspect. Actual guilt is irrelevant; you are the
local Cainite whipping boy and everyone knowsit.
You cannot ever gain the Status background unless
you somehow change your reputation — and that
will be a Herculean feat. Even if you movelta
another city, your tainted reputation follows you.

Supernatural

Arcane (s- to -- pt. Merit)

You are mystically unknowable, shrouded from
notice and record by the vagaries of circumstance
and disinterest. Those who see you seldom care
enough to remember you later. For every point
invested in this Merit, subtract one die from any
dice pool used to actively search for you (typically
Perception and/or Investigation). Being anony-
mous isn't the same as being invisible, however,
and Arcane does not aid in Stealth rolls or other
active attempts to hide. Characters with Influence
or Status may not purchase Arcane or vice versa,
and Arcane can also prove a detriment to other
Backgrounds. Mentors may well lose interest in an
Arcane pupil, for example.

Blazing Demise (s-pt. Merit)

If you suffer Final Death, your body will in-
stantly erupt into consuming fire. This spontaneous
combustion sets flammable objects alight and in-
flicts three dice of aggravated damage on anything

within a foot of your demise. As a result, you leave

no evidence for witch hunters and may enact petty
vengeance on your murderer from beyond the grave.

Animal Affinity (z-pt. Nevit)

You feel ties of kinship with a particular animal
species. Such creatures are not discomfited by your
presence and generally like you (-1 difficulty to all
pertinent Animal Ken rolls). In addition, Gangrel
characters with this Merit only gain animal fea-
tures associated with their "totem" animal.

Personal Aura (z-pt. Merit)

You do not project the aura associated with
your road. Instead, your aura reflects some deeper

TO:

- THELOW CLA!


aspect of your Nature or personality. You may
choose the aura associated with any road (subject
to Storyteller approval) or create your own, calcu-
lating your aura modifier according to your
permanent Willpower.

Sleep Unseen (2-pt. Merit)

By spending a blood point, you can uncon-
sciously maintain your Obfuscate Discipline during
the day. Observers will ignore your sleeping form
according to the power used, making you all but
undetectable to mortals and vampires without
Auspex. Characters without Obfuscate may pur-
chase this Merit, representing an innate capacity
that manifests if they ever learn the Discipline.

Hidden Amaranth (F-pt. Merit)

Should you commit the foul sin of Amaranth,
your halo will not betray your crime. This Merit
cannot shroud a diablerist's aura of unease, nor can it
protect against the divinations of blood sorcery
Assamites of the warrior caste cannot take this Merit.

Abomination (+-pt. Nevit)

You radiate palpable, monstrous horror. Mortals
with a Willpower rating of 3 or less (i.e. most individu-
als) who behold you run screaming or curl up and sob
inabject terror. In addition, their fragile minds cannot
cope with such fear and quickly repress all memories
of the encounter. Mortals with Willpower ratings
between 3 and 7 can hold their ground and interact
with you, but suffer a penalty of one die on all actions.
Those rare individuals with a Willpower rating of 8 or
more are severely discomfited by your presence, but
may act normally. You cannot turn off your aura of
fear, and it has no effect on supernatural beings,
including ghouls, Lupines and their kin, and mages
(although the aura affects the Blessed normally). Only
vampires whose bodies are unnaturally twisted as a
result of their clan or Flaws may purchase this Merit.

Discipline Prodigy (s--pt. Merit)

You are especially skilled in the use of one of your
clan Disciplines. The difficulty to use any level of this
Discipline is reduced by one, although this Merit can
never reduce the difficulty of any roll below 4. Char-
acters may only purchase this Merit once and gain no

benefit when using Discipline techniques.

Guardian Angel («-pt. Merit)

Some supernatural force watches over you and
protects you from harm. You have no idea who or
what it is or why it watches over you— in fact, you
may not even know your guardian exists at all.

However, in times of great need, peculiar circum-

stances defend you from harm. You have no control
over this Merit and your protector cannot save you
from your own recklessness. The Storyteller should
decide why you are being watched and by what,
keeping in mind your road and background. An
actual angel is unlikely to intervene on behalf of an
adherent to the Road of Sin, although a devilish
thaumaturge might well have a demon or other
malevolent entity looking out for him.

True Vampire («-pt. Merit)

Unlike other Gargoyles, you are no mere con-
struct of thaumaturgy. The Curse of Caine runs strong
in your veins, with all its blessings and banes. If the
Tremere ever discover your aberration, you will likely
spend the rest of your brief and miserable unlife as a
research subject. As a true vampire, you can sire
childer, although they will be "normal" Gargoyles
unless they also possess this Merit. Additionally, you
must purchase Disciplines instead of Gargoyle powers.
Your clan Disciplines are Flight (see Dark Ages
Storytellers Companion p. 50), Fortitude and Po-
tence. You may still have Gargoyle rituals cast on you,

and may spend Discipline points at character creation
to begin play with them and experience to gain them
in play. Only Gargoyles may purchase this Merit
Beast in the Mirror (s- or z-pt. Flaw)

Whenever you star

into a reflective surface, you
see your Beast leering back at you. If this horror is
visible to you alone, this Flaw is worth only one point.
If mirrors betray your monstrous nature to everyone,
this Flaw is worth two points. Even at the one-point
intensity, magi and other gifted souls may occasion-
ally glimpse your true nature for a moment. Even
ordinary mortals can sense there is something faintly
wrong with you, adding +1 to the difficulty of most
Social rolls if they have ever seen your reflection.

Uncanny (1- to --point Flaw)

The very opposite of Arcane, you are too strange
or disturbing to forget. You may have distinguishing
features or a mystical aura, but the effect is the same:
Anyone trying to locate you through Investigation
receives one extra die per point invested in this Flaw.


Fortunately, Uncanny does not interfere with active
Stealth attempts. However, you always stand out from
a crowd and cannot hide through anonymity. Even
characters with Obfuscate must contend with their
noticeable mien, although extra successes on Obfus
cate rolls can temporarily cancel Uncanny dice on a
one-for-one basis

Killed by Staking (z- or --pt. Flaw)

Like vampires of legend, a wooden stake through
your heart can destroy you outright. This Flaw is worth
two points ifa stake must be carved froma specific type
of wood, such as ash or rowan to inflict Final Death. If
any wooden stake can kill eM this Flaw is worth five
points. Vampires with this Flaw do not know of their
vulnerability (obviously).

Mystical Aura (2-pt. Flaw)

Your radiate unnatural power. Perhaps you were a
magus in life, unwisely fed from one of the Fair Folk or
studied the twisted sorcery of the Tremere. All at
tempts to sense magic on and around you are at —2
difficulty. Your halo always shows the shimmer of
magic use to Soulsight and similar powers, provided

that the observer rolls at least one success. Assamites
of the sorcerer caste cannot take this Flaw
Reety =D) a

Restricted Diet (z-pt. Flaw)

Unlike other Cainites, you derive no nourish:
ment from the stale blood of animals. Only the blood
of mortals and other vampires can sustain your unlife,
This Flaw eventually manifests in most vampires a
they a
Caine.

a prelude to the cannibalistic Thirst of

alse Amaranth (+-pt. Flaw)

Your halo always shows the blackened marks of
Amaranth, even if you have never committed diablerie
Perhaps your sire was a habitual diablerist, or perhaps,
in the throes of frenzy, you almost committed the foul
act yourself. Assamites of the warrior caste cannot
take this Flaw

Soul Eater (4-pt. Flaw)

Your Beast hungers for more than blood. When
ever you feed, you steal one Willpower point from
your victim for every three blood points taken. Unfor
tunately, your parasitic soul cannot replenish itself by


any other means. You cannot regain Willpower by
fulfilling your Nature, resting or any other natural
method. Worse still, you must spend one Willpower
point each night upon awakening or lose a dot of
permanent Willpower. If your permanent Willpower
ever drops to zero, you suffer Final Death, your body
crumbling away to ash as the your parasitic soul feeds
upon itself. Characters with this Flaw do not have to
spend Willpower in torpor.

New Gargoyle Powers

The following powers may be purchased by Gar-
yles at character creation by allocating Discipline

dots. Learning powers in play costs 10 experience
points per point. Full information and rules for Gar-
goyle powers appear on page 49 of the Dark Ages
Storytellers Companion. Non-Gargoyles may not
acquire these powers, although other monsters cre-
ated through Thaumaturgy might.

¢ Eyes of the Beast (1 point): The character's
monstrous eyes smolder a dull red, permanently
granting the effects of the Protean power Witness
of Darkness.

¢ Prehensile Tail (1 point): The character grows a
long muscular tail that can flex and coil likea snake. The
tail acts as a rudder in flight, reducing the difficulty of
aerial maneuvers by one. In addition, the Gargoyle may
use her tail to strike or grapple opponents, inflicting an

additional die of damage. The tail can also support the
Gargoyle's hanging weight and hold objects, although it
is not dexterous enough to wield weapons.

* Celerity (2 points per dot): The Gargoyle's
undead muscles and sinews grow taut like bowstrings,
allowing bursts of unnatural speed as if the character
possessed the Celerity Discipline. This power may be
purchased as many times as a character's generation
me

ximum permits, although Gargoyles cannot have a
Celerity rating greater than their Dexterity.

¢ Fire Breath (3 points): The Gargoyle gains the
ability to vomit alchemically tainted blood as gouts of
burning acid. Each blast requires one blood point, and
the character can only use this power every other turn.
Hitting targets with the fiery acid stream requires a
successful Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty 6). A
botch means the character accidentally swallows the
blazing ichor, suffering three levels of unsoakable
aggravated damage. Each blast inflicts three dice of
aggravated damage, plus extra successes obtained on
the attack roll as normal. The stream has a maximum
range of twice the character's Stamina in yards. Burn-
ing acid can ignite flammable objects.

© Regeneration (3 points): The character does
not need rest to regenerate and may freely spend blood
for healing regardless of exertion. In addition, the
Gargoyle may heal all levels of bashing damage by

spending a single blood point. Lethal and aggravated

damage still requires the usual blood expenditure.


we


HAPTER, FIVE:
ChOSE WhO
HUNT ThE NIGHT

Every man is like the company he

is wont to keep.

—Euripides

They feed from the dregs of humanity, leaving choicer prey for
yp their so-called betters. They include monsters, madmen, thieves,
f hunters and foreigners, regarded with casual disdain by the undead
lords of Europe, consigned to faceless anonymity.
But the members of the Low Clans are far from faceless. \
3 Highly diverse, they may be princes or beggars, merchants, |
4 warriors or priests; numerous and widely spread, they survive i } .
where the first cursed fear to tread. As individuals or as part of |
a larger group, members of the Low Clans play their own parts iW
in the Dark Medieval night — and sometimes even dare to
A dream of greater things. (|

They lurk on the fringes, rarely welcome in High Clan courts.


CIVILIZED MONSTER

Don't get in my way. That's the only warning you'll get; | suggest you heed it.

Prelude: You remember what
it was like when you were a girl,
when the harvests failed and
there was barely enough
grain to pay the lord, much
less feed your village.
The boyar's men took
all they found, and
tried to take you as
well to "make up the
difference," but you fought
back. The fire answered yourunskilled ,
call, and you left your family's hovel
— and your would-be captors in
flames behind you when you fled. The
boyar and his hounds hunted you that night,
and you knew you were running for your

your plans. Whatever it takes, you
will claw your way to the top of
X— the Pyramid, until there is no.
£
one left who dares demand you
call him master.

Concept: You are a student of
survival, and the stakes are high —
for your clan is at war with others of
your kind, kinsmen of the cruel
boyar who once hunted you

through the night. You accept

your role as a soldier in this

war, but you have no ine 7%

tention of becoming a

casualty no matter
what the cost. That your
path is making you act
more and more like the
boyars you despise is not
something that you think

AG about... often.
Ee

Roleplaying

WW: Hints: Mercy is a

SY false virtue invented

by the weak to save

life. Fortunately, the boyar was not the
only vampyr abroad that night. Unknow-
ingly, you led your former master into a
deadly trap; when the Tremere realized
the potential of your gift, they took you
back to their stronghold — not as a
prisoner, but as an apprentice in their

A ail Sse fy,

sorcerous arts.

You took to their lessons in the
them- selves from the strong; only

magical art gladly, but you have never
the strong deserve the spoils of unlife.

You relish your training in
Thaumaturgy not for its own sake, but
for the power it gives you over others

forgotten what itis to be hungry, scared
and at the mercy of others. You have

vowed that you will never, ever allow
yourself to be so helpless again. When
you were offered the opportunity to
join the ranks of the true Tremere,
you agreed without a second
thought. Now, as you learn to redi-

rect your power through the blood,

who might threaten your security

Let no one who has thwarted you
gounpunished, and they willleam
to stay out of your way.
Equipment: Thaumaturgical
robes of fine fabric, a locked chest
full of your books, well-used ritual
dagger, anda homun-
culus created from

you have what you need to guaran-

tee you will neverbe the victim again.
Your fellow apprentices whisper of your
ambition and have already learned

to fear your temper, but you

pay them little heed as long
as they do not interfere with

your own flesh.


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:
you
pof
eS, Physical
youl Strength__"@®000000
Dexterity___ @®O000000
tof Stamina @@000000
t=
Sofam
‘uel
fou" Talents
ept Alertness @0000000
his Athletics, -O0000000

Le 0000000
00000000
00000000

0000000

—@@000000

00000000

mMaiN__@@000000

Nature: Survivor
Demeanor:Autocrat
Clan: Tremere

Charisma___ @ ®0O00000
Manipulation. @0000
Appearance @00000

Skills
Animal Ken_9 9000000
Archery __9 0000000
Commerce__9 0000000
Crafts__@0000000
Etiquette__@ 0000000
Melee__90000000
Performance_@00000 fexe)
Ride 00000000
Stealth__@0000000

Survival__@ 000000 [e)

vAMNETO

Generation: LOth
Concept: Civilized Monster

Haven:

Perception
Intelligence__|

Wits.

Mental
___ @@@O00000

Knowledges

Academics,
Hearth Wisdom.
Investigation.

@0000000
Law. 00000000
Linguistics. e@e@000000
Medicine____@eo0000000
Occult_____eeeoo000
Politics, @0000000
Seneschal__@0000000
Theology___9 9000000

@@e@00000

@@000000
@000000

Disciplines ti Backgrounds Virtues
p @oo000000 Allies -e0000000 , ss
Hees + Co
Dominate _@@000000 Generation e@000000 *meieneelCanviction @ eee
@0000000_ Herd @0000000 Self Control/Instinct @@@@0
fi 900000000 Mentor __ ®0000000
4 OOO0O0O0000 Resources @0000000 Courage @@e@00
=— Other Traits Road Health
OO0000000 Beast (Pathof the Grey Hunter) Bruised oOo
00000000
c0000000 © CC888800 Hurt 10
M Injured 10
00000000 Aura: Menace Cay) incl! =D eae
gL) als SOO OOGO00 ill ———— Mauled [ol
if 90000000, —— Willpower Crippled 5 El
a 00000000 @@@@ee@ee8800 Incapacitated Oo

00000000
O0000000
00000000

OO00000000
== BloodPool ===

Weakness
» Partial Blood Oath

Experience ==

_


CUPETTO DI GUBBI

Ifit is God's will that | be a martyr to His h« ly cause,

then your Beast holds no terror for me.

Prelude: You were not particu-

strous than yourself have offered you any hope —and so
larly pious growing up; the sword

you have taken the vows of peace, poverty and absten-
tion, and seek the redemption in undeath you did not
deserve in life. It isn't easy for a former warrior to eschew

held more allure for you than
the cross, andas the second son

of a knight you had to work

hard to avoid being sent to the
Church. As a poor knight, the
prospect of riches in the Holy
Land and the decadent East
beckoned to you, and so you
took the cross to seek your
fortune. But while loot-
ing a church in burning

the training of a lifetime,
but it may be your only
chance at salvation.

Concept: Youare one
ofasmall brotherhood who

has taken up the offer St.
Francis himself made to

Brother Wolf. You wear plain
robes, feed only from animals,
and seek to purge the Beast in
your soul through pr

Constantinople, your fate
took another turn. A pow-

and
erful hand ripped your

charity. Most of all, you must
abstain from indulging its two

booty out of your hands

and threw you against a
wall; you remember terror
and then exquisite pleasure
as the creature sank his fangs

greatest desires: for mortal

blood, and for violence,

something others of your

blood cannot even begin to
into your throat and drained your

miserable life away. The last thing
you remember is the fiery draught
he forced down your throat and
his last words, in accented French
"May the Devil take you all!"

Since that night, you have both
hated and feared what you have be-
come. You recognize the Beast for
what it is, the devil's talons in your
soul; and you have desperately sought
God's forgiveness for your sins. But
the Holy Eucharist was but bitter
ashes on your tongue, and you de-
spairedatCainite priests who insisted
your role was to play the devil's part
and accept damnation as your
due. Only the words of a

wizened, twisted leper _ J

monk even more mon-

understand. You feel compelled
to protect mortals from the bloodlusts of
your companions, but must also resist the
urge to violence that such noble impulses
arouse in your soul
Roleplaying Hints: Do no harm; be

‘
}, humble and of good spirit to all you
\

encounter, whether living or undead.
} You would rather accept injury rather
than raise your hand in violence, even

in self defense; though you struggle
nightly with your urge to do battle on
behalf of others. As a new convert to
your path, you may sometimes be too
enthusiastic in sharing your newfound
peace with others not yet ready for
God's message of redemption.

Equipment: A plain robe and hood
of coarse brown wool, abegging bowl,
a wolf's fang strung on a leather
thong.

a

Pai L. eee

UIDETO - —

OF pL ANS ne


DeauriesS

Name: Nature:Defender GenerationLOth
Player: Demeanor:Penitent Concept:Lupetto Di Gubbio
Chronicle: Clan:Gangrel Haven:

Physical Social Mental
Strength ___ "@@@00000 Charisma___@e@@00000 Perception__eee®00000
Dexterity___@@®@00000 Manipulation_@0000000 _Intelligence__e@®000000
Stamina. @@@@0000 Appearance__@e@O000000 Wits @@e@00000
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertne: e0000000 AnimalKen_@@oo00000 Academics___@ 0000000
Athletics____@@o000000 Archery. 00000000 Hearth Wisdom_g@eoo00000
Baw  ee000000 Commerce__99000000 Investigation__ 99000000
"Dodge____eeeoocooo Cralts___oo000000 Law______00000000
Empathy. e@e@00000 $Ftiquette__eoo00000 Linguistics @@000000
Expression ___@@000000 Melee____eeooo000 Medicine____9 0000000
Intimidation. 999000000 Performance_gqgq00000 Occult 00000000 |
Leadership ___91 0000000 Ride_____eeooo0o000 Politis____oo0000000
Legerdemain 49000000 Stealth___eoo000000 Seneschal___0 0000000

ee 9090000000 Survival___@@o000000 Theology____@o0000000

Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Animalism _@@000000 Contacts 00000 4 se hah
ee Conscience; Cometetion,
Fortitude @0000000_ Generation 000000 Cexieneeh Leeese
Protean @0000000 Mentor @0000000  Self-Control/lnstinet_@ @ @@0

OCOVODOO0O _ 00000000
00000000 O00000000 Courage @e0ee0e0
=— Other Traits Road Health
00000000 i a ao
H ale gel
Te ke ae) cae a
00000000 Aura:Holiness __(1 ) Wounded 2 O
aii i Sa == Willpower wee ie
0000000 ewe Crippled 5 O
90000000 @@@eee@800 Incapacitated o

OO0000000
00000000 Begooonooooo Weakness
Blood Pool

00000000 painan animal feature after
BOO00 Cae oo if _ fren

Experiénce


ChE COURT JESTER

Such generosity is rare in a Ventrue, my lord.

Why, if you're not careful, you'll ruin your reputation!

Background: God played his first joke on you when you were born,
a lord's son (or so your mother claimed) with the misfortune to be bred
in a peasant womb. You were always too smart for your own good, and \,
frequently the victim of bigger village boys who used their fists to
compensate for their lack of wits in answering your clever jibes. Fortu-
nately the lord's true son took a fancy to you, and when he went to the
University, he took you along as his servant. You shared many a jest, but

regrettably some of his peers, highborn brats with no sense of humor, did not
find your wit so amusing. While being beaten for your insolence was old hat
to you, one of the bastards actually dared draw a dagger. Your
master came to your defense, but not before several inches of

fine steel had pierced your ribs. You fell bleeding to the ground,
and both your assailants and your master fled, leaving you to die
alone. Lying there on the muddy street, you could not
resist the opportunity to make one last wry joke at your
own expense, even though no one was there to hear it.

But as it happened, someone did hear, and she liked
your sangue-froid, even if God did not. It was God's last joke
on you, that the woman who cradled your body as you died
and gave you her blood also bequeathed you a face that not
even Grendel's mother could love. Still, you've made the best
of it. You can take beatings now even better than you used to,
and the horror of your new existence has but sharpened your
wit and your tongue. It's also given you a whole new
audience, as those who find eternity stretching before
them have an even greater desire to be amused...
preferably at someone else's expense.

Concept: You are still a smartass at heart, and you
serve an important function in your patron's court. As the
prince's fool, you use humor as both weapon and defense, speaking

the truth no one else dares to utter, sometimes even defusing tense
situations with your self-disparaging wit.

you return the favor in full measure, revealing the absurdity of it all
wherever you turn. You hide behind a mask of clever quips and insults, but
sometimes your jokes can sting the high and mighty where it's good for them.
Let your ghastly brethren scuttle in the shadows and wallow in the muck; you
prefer the comforts of your patron's haven, where you can prick Lasombra
pride and get away with it. It doesn't matter if they're laughing with you or
at you, as long as you have the power to make them laugh.
Equipment: A stained tunic of jester's motley in fine
velvet, a mask with a smiling face, a pig's blad-
der on a stick.


Name:

vAMMETO

Nature: Judge

Generation:11th

00000000

== BleodPool =

Player: Dementor Tester Concept: Court Jester
Chronicle: Clan: Nosferatu Haven:
Physical ,
Strength___"@@000000 Charisma___ 00000 Perception__<
Dexterity. @@@00000 Manipulation_e@@e0000 Intelligence
Stamina. @0000000 Appearance__OOOO00000 Wits
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness__@0000000 AnimalKen_@go00000 Academics___@0000000
Athletics__@@eooo00o0 Archery___g9Q0000000 Hearth Wisdom_g@o00000
Brawl. 0000000 Commerce__9gQoQ000000 !nvestigation__9 9000000
Dodge. e@0000000 Crafts____9o0000000 law 00000000
Empathy e0000000 EFriquette__e@o000000 Linguistics @0@000000
Expression__@@o00000 Melee____900000000 Medicine____9 0000000
Intimidation. @Q000000 Performance_@g@oo0000 Occult 00000000
_Leadership__qo000000 Ride 00000000 Politics @@00000
Legerdemain._@@oo00000 Stealth__@eoo00000 Seneschal___eo0000000
Subterfuge __@e@o00000 Survival__o0000000 Theology___oo0000000
i
i C
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Animalism @0000000 BPOOOOOOO Avioli renuinn:
Obfuscate e@@000000 Generation e0000000 Lanscience!Genviction @ @@00
Potence @0000000_ Herd @0000000 Self-Control/lnstinct @@@@0
00000000 Influence @e0000000 —
00000000 Mentor @@0@00000 Courage. @ee@00
=— _ OtherTraits Road Health
co00d000 8S eee8e88000 Hurt 10
Injured File 1E|
00000000 _ Aura: Normaley __(_—_) eceieds ot ial
sean Willpower == Mauled 22ipalal
Crippled 5 O
eine @eeeee0000 Incapacitated oO
00000000 BBOOOOOoKOO Weakness

earance rating of zero

Experience


nights until he answers it again...

Prelude: For some reason, you never felt totally at
ease in your own flesh; you often believed yourself to be
born with the wrong body, for you never found content-
ment in the duties and responsibilities assigned to your

your desire for your sister i8 condemned by God. Soy
delight in her letters, and respond in kind, but know you
may never dare meet the one you most adore, for surely

a jatabl then your souls would both burn in Hell...
eX. Es swing ma lage as palatable r na "y + 7
sex. Eschewing marriage as unpalatable to your nature Concept: You alternate between the person-

q 1 ° se an abbe: struggling
you sought the seclusion of an abbey, still struggling with alities of the maiden and the knightemantl

your own calling. And indeed it was
there, in the scriptorium late at night,
that you had a visitation from one of
God's own angels. He freed you from
yourimprisonmentand separated the
two halves of your soul. The angel
alone could understand your long tor-

taking on the identity appropriate to the
clothes your faithful servant puts out
for you each evening — though you
have been known to chide him or her
for an ill choice on occasion. You em-
body the ideal of chivalry in either
persona; you are loyal to your compan-
ions and do all you can to aid them in
their endeavors. You are totally un-

ment, for you were born one of twins
save that only one babe sur-

vived, and thus became a aware that your other identity shares

ose both s
vessel for both souls. your own' flesh: — 4elnaa

both shamed and aroused
by the letters you ex-
change with your

Now you share
your body in turn, tak-
ing the identity of
brother or sister as it beloved, and pray your
voted to the other realize yourtees
though fated now to
be forever apart. As
the maiden, you de-
light in fine clothes,
sweet music and the po-
etryofthe troubadours; you
deal well and fairly with

all, but save your true pas-

rible secret
Roleplaying
Hints: Do ey-
erything to the
honor and glory of the
one you love from afar;
hold yourself to the highest
standards of chivalry for the
sake of your beloved, and do

sions for your absent
brother. You write to him
whenever you can, telling
him of all that has befallen
youand sharing all the secret

longings of your heart, beg-
ging his forgiveness for your }
sin. As the knight, you wear
armorand wield a sword in your

not fail to write, or cherish
Let

none of your companions
guess the true depths of your
depravity — for incest is, after
all, a mortal sin.

Equipment: Clothes
appropriate to your sta-
tion, a fine horse, two

servantsandapairoflocked
chests containing the let
ters from your beloved.

the letters you recei

beloved's honor, seeking
ever to win her favor
—and yet you fear
toconfess the great
sin in your heart, for


ark
VAMPIRE

Name: Nature:Penitent Generation:12th
Player: Demeanor: Caretaker Concept: Incestuous Twin
Chronicle: lan: Malkavian Haven:

Physical Sodal _ Mental
Strength___"@@@00000 Charisma. OO0000 Perception. @@000000
; Dexterity. @@@00000 Manipulation. 00000 Intelligence__@@000000

Stamina @@@@0000 Appearance__< eoooo Wit  _ee000000

7

Talents Skills _ Knowledges

Alertness 000000 AnimalKen_gQgQ00000 Academics @0000000
Athletics, e000000 Archery @0000000 Hearth Wisdom_gqgo00000
000000 Commerce__@Q000000 Investigation__09000000
0000000 Crafts____eo000000 bav~_____o0000000

@0000000 _ Etiquette__eeoooooo Lingu @0000000
@0000000 Melee____e@eo00000 Medicin 00000000

(oc om 00000000  Performance_g@oo0000 Occult____990000 00
ei __ eo000000 Ride____eeoooooo Politics_____eeoooc000
00000000 _ Stealth___eeooo0000 Seneschal___e@e@o000000
©€___@e@o000000 Survival__oQ000000 Theology____9 0000000

Disciplines o Backgrounds Virtues
Auspex _@®000000 Domain  —®@®000000 onvien
t ecooooooMlLe Herd —_e 0000000 Copseienee/Conviction @ @ @ 00

QObfuscate @0000000 SelfControl/lnstinct_ @ @ @ @ 0
00000000 cee "eeccacs
00000000 O0000000_ Courage @ee00
=— Other Traits Road Health
00000000 Kings Brniced oO
00000000
co000000 8 8S 8CO8000 a : =
00000000 Aura:Command __( 0 ) Smiciak oF i
90000000 Wil. = Mauled 2
00000000 Pp Crippled 5 fl
90000000 @@@@e0880808000 Incapacitated Oo

00000000
00000000

Boo0o0o000000

eakness

== Blood Pool os lay with one
OO0000000 oe
Oooogog Ol 2.2 derangement
OOO Expetenea


RURORE BITCH

Give it to me! NOW!

Prelude: You grew up in a inn, daughter of a serving woman, father unknown. From earliest childhood,
your bed was a sooty patch of floor by the kitchen hearth; your work lasted from dawn until well after sunset,
seven days a week. You scoured pots, chopped vegetables, turned the spit and tried to avoid the innkeepers
groping hands, struggling to smother the anger in your heart. When you were older, you earned a few extra
pennies here and there servicing guests behind the stable. One night the bastard you
were with refused to pay you, and it was the last straw — you se
slashed his lying throat.

d his dagger and

The next moments passed in a blur: you remember the shape of a man
bending over the corpse, drinking greedily from the bloody throat. But when you
turned to flee, he caught you, and to ensure your silence he made you like
himself, forever cold and hungry for the taste of life you no longer had.

You've been hungry ever since.

Your sire abandoned you to the prince's judgment to save his own
skin, but a stranger helped you hide, evade pursuit, and brought you to
the relative safety of a Furore band. There you listened as they told you
about the cruel tyrannies of the elders, and you realized that undeath
was just like life, only worse. The Furores offered you a chance to
become one of them, to share in the booty looted from the lairs of
princes and gorge yourself on elder blood, and
you accepted wholeheartedly. It may be the way
of the world for the powerful to steal from the
weak; but sometimes, if the weak band together,
even the powerful can learn about fear and whatit's
like to cower in the dark

Concept: One of the wretched poor turned by
malicious chance into one of the wretched undead,
you hold the anger of a lifetime and more in your

unbeating heart. As one of the dreaded, elusive Furores, you
A iow havea target or thavanger— che proudandselt tet
who treat their own childer like cattle and sentenced you to
outlawry for merely existing.

Roleplaying Hints: You've been hungry and ill-treated
for most of your short existence, but that's going to end now.
You had a voracious appetite for comfort and plenty when
you were alive, but that appetite isnothing compared to your
rage and hunger now. Were you an elder yourself, you
would be even more petty and cruel than they are them-
selves; but since you lack the power to truly enact your
schemes, you hate them for what you do not have, and

take out your pique on any beast or mortal servant who
does not carry out your every command,

Equipment: The clothes on your back, a sword, horse

and fur-lined cloak stolen from a passing mortal

x lord, and a secret hoard of silks, furs, jewels and

other riches hidden in a cave.


vaMMnTO

ees Nature: Rebel GenevationlOth
Player: Demeanor: Survivor Concept:Furore Bitch
4 Chronicle: Clan: Ravnos Haven:
d,
ot,
t's
2 Physical : Social Mental
ou Strength, 000000 _ Charisma ee000000 Perception @e@e@e@0000
ad Dexterity. @00000 Manipulation_e@®000000 _Intelligence__e@o000000
rs Stamina. @@0000 Appearance__@@®O00000 Wits e@@e@0000
uty
ce
Talents Skills _ Knowledges
M ee000000 AnimalKen_@oo000000 Academics___990000000
bs Archery. e@000000 Hearth Wisdom_@goo000000
re Commerce__9 0000000 Investigation. e@0000000
h _ Dodge @0@000000 Crafts e0000000 Law__ @0000000
° Empathy 00000000 Etiquette__odo 000000 Linguistics @@000000
f Expression _ 99000000 Melee____eoo00000 Medicine 00000000
d Intimidation__@@oo00000 Performance_gpqoQ00000 Occult 00000000
y Leadership__qdo000000 Ride @0000000 Politics @0000000
i ~ Legerdemain_@@eo0000 Stealth ee@000000 Seneschal__ 990000000
Subterfuge __e@e00000 Survival___@@000000 Theology 00000000
i
c | Disciplines i Backgrounds Virtues
F Animalism @®0000000 Allies @0000000 fg.
i os a Cometertee,
! Chimerstry @@000000 Contacts _®0000000 (Conviction @ @ @ 00
| Fortitude @O0000000 Generation @®O000000 Sele Control/Instinct @@@ee0
OOO000000_ Mentor @o0000000
00000000 Resources @®000000 Courage @@e@00
== OtherTraits Road Health
OO0000000 Sin Bruised Oo
sooo @ee0eee000 Hurt 10
22000000 ntoea edict (0 ) Injured 41
O0000000 ura: Seduction Wounded ote
OO0000000 seh eal Je Mailed ||
00000000 P Grispied 9 25)
Peni ten @eeeee0o0o0n0 Incapacitated Oo
00000000 EERE EEL Weakness
00000000 ieee ) Addicted to Sin

90000000

OoOo00000000

Experience

Notables

Members of the Low Clans rarely attain promi-
nent positions in the Cainite social order, but a
number of individuals, either through their own abili-

ties and perseverance, or by the greatest of good

fortune, have still made names for themselves. Some-

times a name is spoken in reverence, sometimes in a
fearful whisper, and sometimes in a bitter hiss — but
if it is known, then that individual is already elevated
tohigherstatus than the vast majority of his clanmates
and peers.

The following are a few of the Cainites of the Low
Clans whose names are known far beyond their imme-
diate sphere of influence and who are held up as
examples to those of their kin who desire to rise above
their assigned station under High Clan heels.

: es .
Fatima al-Faqadi

6th generation Assamite, childe of Thetmes,
walker on the Road of Blood

Embrace: AD 1102

Apparent Age: mid-2

A daughter in a family of devout Moorish warriors,
‘atima could not bear to stand demurely by or huddle in
fear when the barbaric Crusaders invaded her home-
land. Determined to make difference even asa woman,

she disguised herself as a camp follower and willingly
sacrificed her virtue in order to lure lustful infidels away
from their fellows into an ambush, or slit the throats of
drunken knights as they slept. She next persuaded a
cousin to teach her the use ofa sword and bow, and in the

waning days of the First Crusade, fought openly along-
side the defenders of Allah

Her passion and courage did not go unnoticed;
indeed, she unintentionally sparked a spirited debate
in the halls of Alamut, for while it was not the custom
of the warrior caste to Embrace women, this girl had
already proven herself to have the heart of a warrior.
It was Thetmes who ended the debate: Thetmes the
Nubian, Master of the Web of Knives, who said
simply, "She is worthy," and went himself to offer her
the Blood of Haqim. Fatima accepted, and her educa-
tion in the arts of the warrior and assassin began in
earnest. Her training was not easy, for her sire's stan-
dards were high, and there were many in the clan who
would have rejoiced to see her fail for trying to do the
work of a man. But their doubts only strengthened her
resolve, and she worked even harder, determined to
— and by the time she earned the
knives of the fid'ai, she had.

win their respect

In the past century, Fatima has faithfully served
both Allah and her clan, acting as Alamut's eyes and its
most silent knife, often taking advantage of those who
dismiss her as a threat because of her sex. More recently,
she has been trusted to oversee the work of other warriors
as well, particularly in dealing with the threat of the
Crusaders, an assignment for which Fatima needs little
additional motivation. If ever her resolve falters, she
need only remember the devastation and death wrought
by the infidels she witnessed in her breathing days, and
her determination is born anew.

Andveas Aegyptus Unkhesenaten,
MerchanttoBrinces

11th generation Follower of Set, childe of Sabine,
walker on the Road of the Serpent

Embrace: AD 539

Apparent Age: late 30s

Andreas was
a Christian priest whose Monophysite sect was de-
clared heretical by the Byzantine Church. To escape
persecution, Andreas fled to Egypt, finally settling in
a small village on the southern reaches of the Nile.
Here he discovered many of his parishioners had
fallen away from the Christian faith, turning to the old
gods, including Set-Asclepius. At first he began his
discussions with the pagan priestess to learn what

The son of a merchant in Palestine,

lured good Christians away from salvation. But he
found himself fascinated by a dark god who did not
suffer his priests to be slaughtered over disagreements
in doctrine, and who defended his people instead of


y along- of whom were Embraced based on little more than

their red hair, and whose knowledge of the ways of Set
10ticed; is often faulty — for if an apostate Coptic priest can
| debate y ) learn to serve the Dark God, then perhaps, with
custom proper teaching, so can they

zirl had ,
vartior, Jean-Batiste de Montrond,
Serpent of Paris

nes the
10 said
fer }
er fi . ~
ie 9th generation Follower of Set, childe of Makare-
pani ta-sherit, walker on the Road of Sin
zan in z
i Embrace: AD 1190
do the ete y \ Jean-Batiste claims he was drunk when he took
ed her ; d the cross — it's the only excuse he can give for his

educa-
nwho Apparent Age: mid

aed to y y momentary bout of religious fervor. Unfortunately,
td the ( there were witnesses, and his father threatened to

disinherit him if he didn't carry out his oath. While
erved demanding they love the ones who murdered them. that inheritance wasn't much, he certainly didn't
nd its
t who
otly,

$0 persuaded, he turned his back on his Christian want to see it go to some self-righteous cousin or
faith, and gave his fealty once and for all to Set. worse, to the Church. So girded only with the trap-
Intelligent and serious, he learned quickly, mastering _ pings of a poor country knight and his wits, he found

ancient philosophies and rites, and the language and _ himself en route to the Holy Land in the service of the

triors ~ .

f the hieroglyphs of a civilization long dead. Count de Champagne.
little Despite his best efforts, his teacher never forgave

, she him his past allegiance; she had been more interested in

ught tuming him away from his faith than bringing him into

and the true priesthood of Set. When one of the clan elders,
impressed with the studious young acolyte, directed that
Andreas should be granted the gift of the Dark Waters

Re and made one of the Blessed, she had no choice but to
obey. But before Set, she named him Ankhesenaten —
He-lives-for-the-Sun-God — as a constant (and all but
blasphemous) reminder of his unorthodox origins and
the vocation he had left behind.

Even in the face of his sire's disdain, Andreas has
f Storms, faith-
hebes as both

prospered in the service of the Lord o
fully serving the will of the elders in

vas priest and merchant-prince. Known by the name
le- Andreas Aegyptus, or Andrew of Egypt, he manages
pe a trading empire across Europe and the Byzantine
st; his reputation for unimpeachable service and
le. fair dealing is known to Cainites from Antioch to He got as far as Messina, Sicily, when the
ad London. His ships ply the waters of the Mediterra- ev annis I ‘seeped 6 ihe eae oO; re is
sader armies had stopped for the winter. On a survey
nean, his caravans travel to all corners of Europe and ¢ yocal_ brothels Jeane Batiste met-anlenchantie
is he Levant, and his face is known in many a Cainite 7 seal aie oes j ;
| meant: oa eenaies woman who showed the young knight a few new vices
at court. To his mortal flock who travel with him as fhe was roc yevacquatniced withsmarvelediat histed
‘as et acqua = . a eled a "
le employees and herd, he is both divine master and hair, and spoke to him about the delights of her own
ve kindly priest, and he guards them from other undead sein att altos noehine tile cleaaable waren
ls like avenging liet Unlike many Gf his Beg neath pagan faith, where nothing truly pleasurable was ever
if | Ka te ER Sea ae "deemed a sin. This sounded like a comfortable way to
Mm, He does not despise the European vetites, MANY — syend a winter (and the Pope had promised that

ALLS

anyone who went on Crusade would have his sins
blotted out), so Jean-Batiste was easily persuaded to
come to a few pagan orgies and swear service to a dark
god. At first he told himself that he was still protected
by the cross on his tunic. Aftera few weeks, he left the
tunic and the vow it represented behind in his tent.
Eventually the Crusade proceeded on to the Holy
Land without him, and Jean-Batiste gave his life and
blood to Set.

Unfortunately, with the Crusaders gone, other
forces were free to act: The Setites of Messina came
under attack by a pair of devil Assamites, hired by
local ¢
Jean-Batiste and one of his broodmates barely escaped
with their unlives, but his sire perished as the temple
burned to the ground.

ainites to "clean the streets" of competition.

Jean-Batiste returned to Paris, and with the aid of
a few new converts made (or Embraced) along the
way, has set up his own temple and is now serving the
cause of pleasure and indulgence among the local

dainites, willingly catering to their basest desires in
the cause of Set. Unfortunately, his interpretation of
Set's mandates is based more on his own desires and
ambitions than real knowledge of ancient Egyptian
lore; but what he doesn't have in authenticity, he
more than makes up for in sheer creativity. Whether
he would bow his head to a true teacher of Set's will
remains to be seen.

Acthelwulf, Warlord of Avalon

7th generation Gangrel, childe of Caius Tadius
Lupus, also called Rock-born's Widowmaker, walker
on the Road of Kings

Embrace: AD 516

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Aethelwulfwasa Saxon thane, who wasas known
for his hospitality to guests as his ferocity in battle.
Eager for tales of other lands, he entertained many
travelers, and traveled himself whenever he could.
Such opportunities were few, however, as the Saxons
fought the native British and their warlord Arturos.
Aethelwulf's greatest battle was also his last. As he lay
dying on the field of battle, nightfall came, and with
it the wolves. One in particular chose Aethelwulf for
its prey... and brought the Saxon over into unlife.

Aethelwulf arose from the battlefield and satis-
fied his hunger on what few survivors remained.
Horrified at what he had done, he then fled into the
wilderness, away from his homeland and family. Cun-
ning and tough, he managed to survive, but with
every hunt, his self-control weakened. By the time his

sire caught up with him, he was fast losing his soul to
the Beast

Caius Tadius Lupus was a former Roman legion-
naire, and a devotee of the cult of Mithras. He began
instructing Aethelwulf on the Road of Kings, and
eventually initiated him into the cult, in preparation
for the god's return. Aethelwulf devoted himself to
the disciplines and teachings of Mithraism, steadily
rising in rank. He also traveled, sometimes with other
Cainites and sometimes alone, indulging his curiosity
about other lands and people, not only in England, but
to Byzantium, Outremer, the dark forests of central
Europe and the city-states of Italy. His attempts to
spread belief in Mithras found few listeners, but he did
not abandon his new faith. He returned after many
years to England, seeking what few of the cult re-
mained, but found none — there was now a Christian
church in his village, and the old mithraem in London
was cold and empty as a tomb.

Not one for solitude, Aethelwulf served a number
of Cainite lords over the next few centuries, particu-
larly against the incursions of Danish vampires seeking
to claw out their own domains in English earth
Welcomed when his martial skills were needed, he
would later often came in conflict with ambitious
Ventrue and Lasombra who used his steady refusal of
Christianity against him, and be forced to move on. By
the time the Normans arrived, with the Triumvirate
in their wake, Aethelwulf had retreated to his last
haven: ster, the domain of Marcus Veras, one of
the few Cainites who shared the old Saxon's faith
There they prepared to defend themselves against the
invaders, and in the shadowy depths of the mithraem,

SGUIDETO -
LOWCIANS - ¥


enacted one last ritual to honor the god... and this
time, Mithras answered.

The return of Mithras reaffirmed Aethelwulfs
stubborn faith; he immediately pledged his eternal
service, and Mithras accepted it (which annoyed
Veras, who felt the Gangrel should have remained his
vassal and served Mithras through him). Aethelwulf
has since proven his value and loyalty many times
over; the fact that Mithras walks in the body of a
Cainite does not lessen his faith in the prince's ulti-
mate divinity.

Aethelwulf is tall and solid as an oak, with tangled
reddish hair and beard. His simple taste in clothes and
weaponry belies his questing intellect and tactical ge-
nius; as the head of the small security force the prince is
permitted to maintain, he does not hesitate to remind
rebellious Barons or foolish neonates that one battle-
seasoned Gangrel is easily worth three Ventrue.

iste,
Veela Priestess of Veles

8th generation Gangrel, childe of Tautginas,
walker on the Road of the Beast

Embrace: AD 1044

Apparent Age: mid-40s

To travel east along the shores of the Baltic is to
pass into a land where the name of Christ is scarcely
known, and the tribal peoples dwelling there call
upon their old pa
woman called Aiste, who grew up, married, bore and
raised children; and when her husband was slain in

an gods. To sucha tribe was born the

battle, she gave herself to the service of Veles. She
grew wise and strong in the god's service, and skilled
at the hunt. During one hunt she strayed further than
was her usual wont, and when night fell, she found she
was no longer the hunter, but the prey. A great wolf
stalked her in the darkness, never losing her trail, able
to climb after her when she sought shelter in the trees,
impervious even to her arrows. All night it hunted
her, letting her escape from its jaws only to pursue her
again. When the first pale light began to touch the
eastern sky, it caught up to her once again, and this
time did not hold back its attack. She fought back, but
it was far stronger. But before it took her life, it
changed form — a man dressed in leather and fur
stood over her, bearing the antlers of a stag on his
head, and the fangs of the wolf. "You have been
chosen," he told her. "Veles calls on you to serve him
th."

Then the god's priest tore out her throat, and
brought her into unlife and the ranks of the Veela. For
many winters she served Veles, judging the warriors on
the battlefield, seeing the proper offerings brought in
their season, running with the Wild Hunt, and fighting
the god's enemies, both living and undead. More re-
cently, the fight has grown bitter. The Christian Knights
of the Sword kill the believers in the old ways; the
Tzimisce encroach upon her home territories from the

beyond d

east while the Ventrue invade from the west.

Now the dreaded Teutonic knights, who seek to
carve out a Christian Kingdom from her people's
flesh, have invaded her lands. In their wake come
knights of a different order, bearing a black cross and
backed by Ventrue will. In these dark times, the old
priest came to Aiste, and as Veles commanded him,

granted her his mantle, his title, and his potent blood,
so that she might further ser
terrible nights of battle to come

the god's will in the

The newly appointed Priestess of Veles knows the
battle they fight against these trespassers may well be
a losing one, for the knights are strong and her people
weak and divided among themselves. Yet fight they
must, for Veles is not a god of the weak, and to perish
in the defense of one's homeland is the most noble
death of all.

Seren, Baroness of
Gloucester

9th generation Malkavian, childe of Rhys the
Rhymer, walker on the Road of Kings

Embrace: AD 1063
Apparent Age: late 60s


Seren was the wife of a Welsh king, to whom she
bore several strong sons. Proud, fierce and highly
competent, she ran her husband's household, saw to
the defense of their lands when her husband was at
war, and advised him on political and domestic mat-
ters. But her husband and sons fell in battle with
Gruffydd ap Llywelyn of Gwynedd, who then claimed
kingship over all of Wales. Bitter with loss and no
longer young, Seren retired to an abbey, but sought
several times to have the self-styled King of all Wales
killed, while her grief and ill health twisted her mind.
Whenacombination of assaults by English and Welsh
enemies did at last bring her hated enemy down, she
celebrated by calling fora horse and riding out into the
winter snows to assume her rightful place again as
Queen of Deheubarth.

She did not get far. A Malkavian harpist and poet,
Rhys the Rhymer, came upon Seren as she lay dying
on the side of the road. Recognizing her from his visits
to her husband's court, he gifted her with unlife and
the curse of Malkav. Suddenly her mind, once fogged
with age and melancholy, grew clear; she knew it was
her destiny to rule as her husband and son had done,
with her faithful harpist at her side. Rhys did not
attempt to argue or rule his new childe; he followed his
newly risen lady and did whatever she bade

A new threat soon appeared on the western hori-
zon — the Norman Marcher barons, followers of
William of Normandy. on their heels
came the three elders known as the Triumvirate, who
soon came to dominate Cainite affairs not only in
England, but in parts of Wales as well. Recognizing the
invaders as a greater threat than even the British,
Seren settled in a convent in Gloucester, playing at

ven worse,

being the mad and melancholy Abbess while studying
the habits and movements of Roald Snakeeyes, the
elder supporting the Marcher lords. Drawing on de-
cades of experience as the wife of a Welsh King, she
began making contacts among other disaffected Welsh,
British and Saxon Cainites. Her agents reported the
movements of Triumvirate forces to Mithras, while
she also made sure that any British or Saxon Cainites
who might have been a threat to her rule fell prey to
enemy fangs. When Roald Snakeeyes himself fell into
her hands, she allowed her followers with the greatest
grievances to share in his blood, and then presented
his head to Mithras himself as a sign of her fealty.

When the fighting was done, Mithras himself

appointed Seren Baroness of Gloucester, in return for

her loyalty, and because by this time there were no
other claimants of rank. Recognizing her madness,
y he also took the trouble to bind her in blood
to ensure her continued allegiance.

howeve

Seren has proven to be a surprisingly capable ad-
ministrator, and a charismatic prince. Her madness grips
her in cycles that range from periods of frantic activity,
where she is suspicious of everyone around her, to bouts
of deep melancholy, when she may sleep for a week or
more without rising — a weakness her ghouls and loyal

sire do their utmost to conceal. In between extremes,

however, she is a formidable presence indeed, who has

never forgotten she is by rights a queen.
Wiftet the Simple, the Fool of
Magdeburg

11th Generation Malkavian, childe of Sister
Irmingarda, Walker on the Road of Humanity

Embrace: AD 1185

Apparent Age: early 30s

Wiftet's recollections of his Embrace are hazy at
best. He still speaks in awe of the angel who took all
the broken pieces of his soul and put them back
together like panes of colored glass in a cathedral
window. His mortal life appears to be a total mystery.
He speaks with the accent of the lowlands of West
Friesland, and comprehends a variety of tongues,
including some shockingly crude slang. From his love
g, talent for clever quips and spectacular
tumbles, one might guess he was a jongleur even in his
breathing days; from the terrible scars he conceals
beneath his motley coat, it's apparent that his wit was
not always appreciated by those who heard it.

of performin;

Butas to the details of his mortal days, or even his
more recent past before he turned up at the gates of


Magdeburg and persuaded Lord Jiirgen to take him in,
he claims to recall nothing. Indeed, he appears to
remember very little even from one night to the next

he's unfailingly tripped on the same step now every
night for six years; and often seems surprised when
courtiers know the punch line of a joke they've heard
him tell a hundred times before, or when an insult
delivered for the fifth time this month gets him the
same beating as before from its target. He covers his
obvious lapses with self-deprecating wit; the epithet
"the Simple" is his own, which serves to underscore
both his role in Lord Jiirgen's court, and his own
innate harmlessness.

In truth, it's not that Wiftet doesn't remember
past events — it's that the events fail to retain any
meaning for him from one night to the next, and so he
cannot learn from his experiences. Every evening he
awakens to a brand new world, with no real associa-
tions between what has happened to him before and
what he experiences anew each night. He lives almost
solely in the present tense; thus the curse of Malkav
shelters him, disconnecting him from his past, so what
he doesn't remember cannot come back to haunt him.
Unfortunately, there are some things that are not
easily forgotten... and those are exactly the memories
Wiftet cannot bear to face. Better to focus on the
present, and let the little things trip him up on a
nightly basis, than acknowledge the terrors of the past;
better to let the memories lie in so many broken
fragments that they can never be put together again,
than to allow them to shatter his semblance of sanity,
for down that road lies true madness.

Wiftet is a good natured fellow; short, somewhat
round, and surprisingly agile for his build, with a

peasant's broad face, gap-toothed smile and balding
pate. In keeping with his position as Jiirgen's court
fool, he wears a colorful coat of motley, a belled cap,
and is always prepared to perform on his master's
command — or even without it, as the situation seems
to require. He is always accompanied by a little white
dog, which he has trained to do tricks and feeds with
his own blood. The dog was a gift from a lady of the

court whose favor he cherishes — in secret, of course

more than his own unlife; if nothing else,
Wiftet's shattered memory allows him to be v
good at keeping secrets.

Malachite, Broken Bock of
Constantinople

7th generation Nosferatu, childe of Vasilli the
Penitent Dog, walker on the Road of Humanity

AD 842
Apparent Age: indeterminable

, very

Embrac

Maleki was a mere priest in Constantinople when
a mysterious benefactor who promised to aid his rise in
the Church in exchange for his loyalty and service
approached him. He accepted, not realizing the cost
to his immortal soul — for his benefactor was Magnus,
a Lasombra powerful in the Byzantine church. Maleki
was bound in blood, and under Magnus' patronage,
rose to the rank of bishop before he made his fatal
mistake. He dared to disagree with his master in front
of witnesses, forgetting the Lasombra's pride. In pun-
ishment, Magnus sentenced him to eternal misery by
subjecting him to a Nosferatu's leprous Embrace.


Maleki might have indeed spent eternity in mis-
ery haditnot been for the Toreador Patriarch Michael,
who took pity on the suffering ex-priest, and offered
him his protection — and his blood. Maleki became
Malachite, servant of Michael's great Dream, called
the Rock of Constantinople and a respected leader
among the Lepers of the East. When the great city fell,
and Michael with it, Malachite was devastated. Flee-
ing the city, he sought long and hard for the source of
his last hope, the enigmatic Tzimisce Methuselah
knownas the Dracon, but learned that Michael's great
Dream could not be resurrected — it could only be
built anew.

After wandering in Europe on his quest for many
years, Malachite has returned to Constantinople, to
begin the process of rebuilding his unlife and seeking
vengeance against those who destroyed the glory he
once knew. Malachite is a pragmatic creature, how-
ever, and he knows survival must come before revenge.
Humbling himself to accept the low place his blood
gives him in Latin eyes, he has already made inroads
with the Lasombra prince of the city. But in typical
Nosferatu fashion, he has also made alliances with the
undead predators of several of the B

ntine successor
states, some of whom remember when Malachite was
the voice of the Patriarch, and see his desire for
revenge as a means for their own advancement. Mala-
chite understands their ambitions, but they serve his
own purpose. Acting as their spy in Constantinople,
he works to bring about the fall of the Latin Empire —
and his own return to prominence.

Zoé, acolyte of Anatole the
Prophet

10th generation Ravnos, childe of Gregory the
Wonder Maker, walker on the Road of Heaven

Embrace: AD 1204

Apparent Age: mid-teens

Zoé was one of Constantinople's teeming

poor
when Gregory Lakeritos first found her in his work-
shop, playing with some of his mechanical creations,
animating them with her magical gifts. Recognizing
her talent as something extraordinary, the Ravnos
tinker adopted her as his ward, teaching her his craft,
guiding her to focus and train her prodigious talent,
and growing to love her as his own daughter. But fate
is rarely kind to mortals who become embroiled in
Cainite affairs, and it was not kind to Zoé. Tormented
by an ambitious Setite for secrets she did not possess,

Zoé learned about fear; left on her own while her
adoptive father pursued the depths of Setite tre
she became acquainted with loneliness. Then came

achery,

the terrible night when she learned the cost of provok-
and
Gregory, appalled at what he had done, brought the
dying mortal girl into unlife.

With home the
Constantinople's fall, Gregory and Zoé set off ona
long journey across E
refugees like themselves. At first horrified by the
demands of her new existence, Zoé gradually came to

ing even the most gentle of Cainites to fury

their gone in fires of

irope, in the company of other

forgive Gregory for her Embrace, and began to finda
kind of inner peace with herself. But as the caravan of
refugees made their way into France, her beloved sire
fell into the cruel hands of the Inquisition, and was
destroyed without mercy.

Since that time, Zoé has sought revenge, and
hated the red-robed monks who murdered the only
father she has ever known. Proud and bitter, she has
joined forces with the mad Cainite monk called
Anatole the Prophet, and travels with him wherever
he goes. Together, they enact their own private cru-
sade against both the terrible butchers of the
Inquisition, and the blasphemous monsters of the
Cainite Heresy. Her sire's agonizing Final Death,
coupled with the teachings she has absorbed from
Anatole and extremist members of other Road of
Heaven cults, have given her faith an Apocalyptic
flavor; she is convinced that her unlife will mark a
time of purging and testing for Cainites, an apocalypse
of which she is fated to be a part.


Servais bani Tremere,
Envoy of Ceoris

7th generation Tremere, childe of Malgorzata,
walker on the Road of Sin

Embrace: AD 1102

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Trained as a scribe, a young Jervais was given
employment at the chantry of House Tremere in
Paris. Here he copied arcane texts in the library; he
found himself fascinated by what he read, and even
showed a hint of magical talent — but not enough to
interest his masters into changing his vocation. When
Malgorzata, then a ghoul of Goratrix, visited the
chantry, Jervais found himself totally enthralled by
her force of personality, and offered himself and his

services to her. Seeing a potential in the earnest young
scribe the others had missed, Malgorzata took him
back with her to Ceoris as her apprentice.

Jervais' captivation for his new mistress spurred him
to study hard, and he soon demonstrated a gift for
esoteric calculations and the study of the source of
magical power known as vis. He became a master at
finding new sources of vis to fuel the magics of his fellow
mages, and storing the precious energies for later use; he
also used his ability as a political tool, gaining favors
owed to himself, his mistress Malgorzata, and her sire,
Goratrix. Malgorzata finally Embraced him with
Goratrix's approval. Etrius, annoyed that Goratrix had

not consulted Tremere before making his decision,
accused Goratrix (in Jervais' presence) of deliberately
failing to ask Tremere's permission because he knew it

would be refused. Etrius' words stung his pride; Jervais
has never forgiven him.

Jervais has graduated from the position of Master
of Vis at Ceoris to become one of the clan's leading
envoys in the Cainite courts. More social and less
intimidating than many of his clanmates, he has been
able touse his role as envoy to make allies among High
and Low Clans alike, and so strengthen his own
position in the Tremere pyramid. Although not with-
out occult learning, he knows he is not the clan's
greatest thaumaturge — fortunately there are other
kinds of power in the world than vis, and the power
inherent in manipulating the forces of Cainite politics
has served him very well indeed.

Jervais is of average height and built like a moun-
tain, with a resonant voice he uses to good effect in
courtly presentation. On the surface affable and cour-
teous, he never overlooks an opportunity to further
his own cause, and that of Ceoris, or the chance to
learn a secret he may be able to put to good use later.
In the intricate society of Cainite courts, he knows,
secrets are the true currency of power.

Sects

In the Dark Medieval world, personal identity is
found in groups; even the most nobly-born lords are
defined more by their allies, religion or politics than as
individuals, and the low-born find their sense of
identity with their village, their craft or trade, or the
As with mortals, Cainites are
defined by what groups they are associated with,

lord whom they serve

whether that is clan, consanguineous relationships,
religion, ethnic background, or political affiliation.
Herein are a few of the groups, whether political sects,
religious cults, or sub-sects within a given clan, of
interest to members of the Low Clans.

The Ashirra

The Ashirra, or "brethren," are a sect of Islamic
vampires who share common religious beliefs and
practices. Their faith centers on the beliefs that that
immortality does not exempt a vampire from the
judgment of Allah, and that redemption is still pos-
sible for any being who accepts Islam and its laws, and
strives to follow them to the best of his ability. The
sect was founded by the Lasombra Suleiman ibn
Abdullah, who first sought the Prophet in AD 622,
and as a result of that meeting, submitted himself to
Allah. Referring to his conversion to Islam as his
second Embrace, he began to tell others the message
of hope he had been given, exhorting them to em-


brace Islam as well. Through word of mouth, the sect
has spread nearly as widely among Cainites as it did
among mortals, and now encompasses a majority of
vampires of nearly every clan dwelling in Islamic
territories.

No passages in the Qur'an specifically address
vampires, but the Ashirra point to the matter of the
djinn as proof that even vampires can find redemption:
The Prophet himself said that even they would be
welcome if they dedicated themselves to Allah and
fulfilled the duties God required of them. The Ashirra
believe that since they have free will and can choose
righteous behavior, then they are therefore no more
inherently evil than the djinn, and so can find redemp-
tion by following Islam.

Practices and Beliefs

The Ashirra strive to adhere as closely as possible
to the precepts for a righteous unlife laid down by the
Prophet in the Qur'an. These precepts include hon-
esty and forthright dealing; treating servants and
blood-slaves with respect and kindness; feeding only
in moderation, never to excess; honoring one's sire
and faithfully teaching one's childer; and seeking
always to broaden one's mind and spirit through the
teachings of Islam.

The Ashirra also honor the five duties prescribed
by the Prophet for all good Muslims, called the five
pillars of Islam. Some of those duties are straightfor-
ward enough; to make a public profession of faith in
Allah, or to give alms to the poor. Other pillars
provide different challenges to the faithful, such as the
five daily prayers, the Fast of Ramadan or the pilgrim-
age to Mecca. The truly devout attempt to rise even
during the day to pray at the appointed times, while
others accept the Prophet's word that acts of charity
can make up for the missed prayers. The Ashirra take
the fasting at Ramadan seriously as a demonstration of
their mastery over the Beast. Most treat the fast as
lasting from sunset to dawn, feeding only after sunrise
from a servant before seeking their rest. The truly
devout often spend the month of Ramadan in torpor,
soas neither to break the fast nor risk frenzy from lack
of blood. But it is the pilgrimage to Mecca that is the
hardest pillar to attain. Mecca is imbued with such a
radiance of faith that only the most devout and
faithful of Ashirra can draw near the city, much less
make it all the way to the Ka'ba. Some Ashirra fall
back on Muhammad's word that another person can
make the hajj in their stead. Others merely keep trying,
striving on each visit to the holy site to draw a little
closer to the Ka'ba than they did before.

Islam's dietary restrictions also cause concerns for
Ashirra. Suleiman ibn Abdullah established early

the /

on the practice of drawing blood from a vessel into a
silver bowl, and then spending five minutes in prayer
so as to purify the blood and consecrate it to Allah
before drinking. This approach is generally accepted,
although the matter continues to be a topic of debate,
and practices may vary throughout the Muslim world

Needless to say, not all Ashirra — or those who
profess to be Ashirra— adhere to the precepts of their
faith without failing. For many, being Ashirra is more
about being publicly identified as Muslim; and their
approach to prayer, fasting and almsgiving is often

more dependent on traditions held over from their
mortal lives, or the ability of local sultans and imams
to enforce them.

Low Clans in the Ashirra

The Low Clans among the Ashirra do not ac-
knowledge themselves as such, for in the lands where
Islam is the dominant faith, Cainites who might be
considered of lowly status in Europe may well be the
most numerous and politically powerful in the region.
In particular, the Banu Hagim (Assamites) calls these
lands home, and have ruled their nights for centuries.
Not all vampires in Ashirra territories are Muslims,
and hence members of the sect: Many of great age, or
of clans like the Walid Set (Followers of Set) or Bay't
Mujrim (Raynos) still follow their own gods, or even
the Christian faith. Still among the Ashirra, members
of certain clans have taken the sect's religious beliefs
to their unbeating hearts:

Assamites: Many of the warrior caste of the Banu
Hagim were the first of their clan to adopt Islam, and
remain its staunchest adherents. For those struggling
with an addiction to Cainite vitae, their faith gives
them strength to resist the demands of their Beast.

Nosferatu: A brotherhood of the Bay't Mutasharid
known as the Hajj, taking their name from their
founder and the pilgrimage to Mecca, reject the mon-
strous tradition of their clan, and strive to follow the
teachings of Mohammad. Many are descended from
the Nosferatu Methuselah Tarique al-Hajji, founder
of their brotherhood and recognized as the leading
imam among the Ashirra. Tarique himself is so dedi-
cated and devout that he makes his home in Mecca
itself. The Hajj are the heart of the Ashirra, and of
those who have made the dangerous pilgrimage all the
way to the Ka'ba, many are Nosferatu.

Gangrel: A small contingent has split off from the
main body of the clan, no longer calling themselves
Wah' sheen, but instead Taifa, taking their name from
the small kingdoms of al-Andalus. Dedicating their
unlives to Islam, they pursue the philosophy of the
warrior-scholar. Most numerous in Iberia, they have
also spread through North Africa and the Levant.

Gi aUIDE,TO. -

. >: as , Le


(For more on the Ashirra and Low Clans in the
Islamic world, see Veil of Night.)

The Brometheans

The Titan Prometheus, so the Greeks wrote,
gave the gift of fire to mankind, and so man was
able to build his civilization and rule over nature.
The Cainite sect calling itself by his name seeks to
build a new kind of civilization, one in which
Cainites and mortals can co-exist in harmony. The
Prometheans, also known as "Firebringers" for their
namesake, believe in a semi-mythical utopia, a
"New C: both Cainites and mortals
can dwell together in mutually beneficial peace,
and where there exists no division between Low
Clan and High, but all are regarded as equals.
Realizing these radical notions would be consid-
ered heretical to the Cainite elders who already
tule the night, they are forced to pursue their
utopia in secrecy. Thus they have focused their
attentions on the fringes of mortal society — the
beggars, petty thieves, harlots, lepers and wretched
poor, whom more powerful Cainites mostly ignore
The ironic twist to it all is that the idealists dream-
ing of a perfect society have become, in order to

rthage," wher

maintain their position among the hard-bitten

mortals on the bottom of the social ladder, the

founders of a loosely organized criminal empire.
The Prometheans are fairly young as C;

inite
sects go, having been around for just a little over a
century. Their founder was Anthony de Leycestre,
one of King William's Commissioners who once
assisted in compiling the Domesday Book. Aban-
doned by his sire after his Embrace, Anthony was
spared destruction only because he was literate in
Latin and Norman French, and the local Cainite
elder needed an intelligent — and expendable —
courier he could bind in blood. His duties brought
him in contact with Peter the Lombard, an idealistic
Ventrue Knight, and John 6 Conlae, a Brujah who
had been infused with tales of Carthage from the
night of his Embrace, but whose first free community
had been wiped out by fearful elders. It was not until
Anthony's master met his Final Death opposing
Mithras's return to power that the Caitiff realized the
depth of the thralldom he'd been subjected to. To-
gether he, Peter and 6 Conlae determined that the
only way anything was ever going to change was if
those with a vision did something about it. Bearing in

Sainites to 6 Conlae's
experimental village, they resolved to focus their
efforts where they would be least noticed, until they
could turn their vision into a reality too strong to be
put down. Thus were the Prometheans born.

mind the reaction of suspicious

Practices and Beliefs

Presenting themselves as a secret guild, the
Firebringers offer mortals training, support and protec-
tion in exchange forashare of the fruits of theirdishonest
labors, or their cooperation in certain secret projects.
Many mortals do not know they're dealing with vam-
pires; they're so desperate for what the guild offers they
would deal with the Devil himself. Like other guilds
related to various trades, the guild offers three rank:
apprentice, journeyman and master. Ambitious mortals
can gain rank and favor through their unstinted service
to the guild's secret undead masters. Some may eventu-
ally even earn the E

nbrace.

The Prometheans r nites as well,

but with far more caution; a single spy, secretly working

cruit among C:;

foran elder, could bring ruin and destruction down upon
them all. Therefore they look for those who are already
downtrodden by their lot, young enough to accept their
radical ideas, and desperate enough to risk their unlives.
Not only must a Cainite recruit go through the three
ranks before learning too many of the sect's secrets, but
he must permit the Promethean leadership to collect
sufficient blackmail evidence against him so that his
unlife is in their hands. At least one of the assignments
he is given by the leadership is enough to damn him to
thesun, should his elders learn of it. For his master's rank,
the Cainite must, as the mortals do, create a masterpiece

being Cainite, however, he is held to a different
standard, and is encouraged to create something of
lasting value to the sect

Low Clans in the Brometheans

The Prometheans welcome members of all clans
and social rank, though a great many of their number
come from the Low Clans, who have little left to lose
and are most aware of the inequalities of their lot. In

particular, the Ravnos, who are already either in-
volved in illegal activity or are thought to be anyway,
have found the Prometheans useful contacts to have
in European cities. The wandering Ravnos, besides
being highly skilled and talented at any illicit vice
they put their minds to, are the conduits of communi-
cation between Prometheans in one city to the next.
Some Nosferatu, such as Ragged Jenny, who runs the
Promethean school for thieves in London, are also a
major faction in the sect (much to the dismay of some
of their brethren, who fear such activities will only
encourage persecution of their already unwelcome
broods). Gangrel are less common, preferring the
open countryside or wilderness to the festering cities
where the Firebringers focus their activities, but at
least one Gangrel highwayman, operating in the north-
ern Black Forest, maintains a loose alliance with
Promethean agents in nearby Mainz. The Malkavians


are also rare, although the Florentine chapter has
learned to cancel any undertaking that the visionary
Fra' Marco d'A gosto refuses to bless. The Prometheans
have generally found competition, not cooperation,
from the Followers of Set, for the Serpents are them-
selves deeply involved in the underworld — not only
in lands where they traditionally hold sway, but also in
certain European cities, such as Paris and Ravenna, as
well as the Byzantine empire. The only Assamite thus
far who petitioned for membership in the Prometheans
proved to be under a blood hunt from his own clan,
and no one was surprised when he did not survive his
apprenticeship.

The Furores
As the Church reinforces its authority with the
Word of God, so do Cainite elders reinforce their own

supremacy over their childer and grandchilder, and the
supremacy of High Clans over Low, with the weight of
the Traditions of the Blood, attributed to Caine himself.
But when the cruelty, disdain and ill-regard that some
elders show to their childer is beyond bearing, even
unbeating hearts can swell with rage and drive desperate
and downtrodden childer to violence.

Of such childer are the Furores made.

The Furores are not a new phenomenon; they
have, in one form or another, existed since the ninth
century. At least one Furore historian, examining
scrolls found in a Roman ruin in Lombardy, insists
there were Furore-like brotherhoods even in the height
of the Empire, not only in the outlying territories, but
in the shadow of Rome itself. In the past century or so,
how
more frequent. And what is more worrisome to the

er, instances of Furore uprisings have become

elders — who whisper the rumors so their childer

cannot hear have been successful.

some uprising:

Cainite elders secretly fear the Furores as nothing
else, for their anger lends them a reckless ferocity; and
as vampires themselves, the Furores know their en-
emies' weaknesses as well as their strengths. They
strike without warning, without mercy, and their
identities are unknown until they do. Yet it would
never do to let one's childer — or on

's enemies —
learn of such a vulnerability. And so the Furores
remain a wild story, an unconfirmed rumor
secret fear.

Practices and Beliefs

The Furores are rebels driven by two desires:
revenge and revolution. Revenge against sires who
Embraced them, abused them, punished them for the
slightest transgression, sent them out as expendable
pawns to battle enemies or simply abandoned them

- anda

when a new amusement came along. Other Furores
speak of more subtle torments, the twisting of the
emotions and loyalties through the blood oath, or
being forced to watch loved ones or valued servants

murdered before their eyes. For many Furores, exist-
ence since their Embrace has wrought a deep and
abiding hunger for revenge — against their sires,
against broodmates, or anyone else who gets in their
way. Some also find the lure of the Amaranth, to
actually consume the one who has so abused them, a
very appealing proposition.

Other Furores are driven just as strongly by a
powerful sense of justice, and a desire to enact change
— they can see that the rule of the elders over the
young is corrupt and want to create something more
equitable in its place. Some have vague ideas based on
legends of Carthage; some see themselves as the new
elite, ruling in their sires' places; others may see
something akin to an urban commune. However, itis
determining what exactly that new society would be
like that divides one Furore band — or even indi-
vidual — from another.

The Furores have no central leadership, common
creed or membership criteria; they exist more as an idea
than an organization. Any individual, pair or coterie of
young, rebellious Cainites can call themselves Furores

and many do, simply for the power and fear the name
evokes. Two Furore bands may or may not cooperate;
sometimes there's strength in numbers, but often the
conflicting egos and pride of Furore leaders get in the way

of common sense and idealism.

The Furores are terrorists — expert in the use of
violence and fear in achieving their goals, and desper-
ate enough to take great risks to achieve their goals.
The terror they invoke has three purposes: a few well-
aimed blows can make them seem far more dangerous
than they are, and forces the elders to exist in fear,
never knowing when the next strike will come; it
requires the elders to defend or hide their resources,
which puts them at a disadvantage; and it also tends to
make the elders even more repressive than usual,
which only increases the chances of rebellion from
within the ranks that the Furores can take advantage
of for their own strikes.

Of necessity, the Furores are also very secretive.
Furore members often build fairly elaborate false iden-
tities for themselves, in order to spy out future targets,
or merely to assure their own survival while moving
through Cainite society. Others lurk on the fringes,
melding in with religious cults, merchant caravans or
adventuresome coteries of young Cainites (like a
troupe's characters). They recruit others with great
care, for it is a risky business to admit their true
natures. They look for others like themselves, young


vampires in dire straits, but don't reveal themselves
right away. One member might slowly get to know the
potential recruit and gain her confidence, before
offering her a chance to prove herself worthy of Furore
aid. Sometimes he might offer to act as a go-between
the potential recruit and the "real" Furores until he is
certain of her intentions. Testing the recruit's sincer-
ity is an important step; with so much at risk, the
Furores have no use for a Cainite who will buckle and
submit when faced with the potential consequences of
rebellion. For final membership, the candidate must
do something beyond forgiveness, such as aiding in
the destruction of her sire or an elder of her clan —
although in recent nights, merely being suspected of
consorting with the Furores can be enough to merit a
sentence of Final Death from a paranoid elder.

g to admit to being a Furore, even
among the dregs of Cainite society. Unlike the "fortu-
nate" childer who are kept close and safely ignorant in

It is no safe thi

their sire's shadow, the outcasts of the undead know the
Furores are real. The bandits operating on the edge of a
prince's territory, the wandering Malkavian pilgrims or
the Promethean crime lords also know that the Furores'
brand of revolution can bring down the retribution of
the elders upon anyone who may be suspect. The Furores
despise those too weak to stand up for themselves, or who
would even betray those bold enough to strike the blow
for freedom— but they have also learned caution. Those
who stay hidden, survive.

Low Clans in the Furores

The Furores actually draw most of their members
from the ranks of the first cursed, those whose sires rule
the night — and often their childer — with heavy
hands. Furore bands are usually led by High Clan
and
should follow anyone less. In
recent years, however, a few Furore bands have arisen
whose membership is almost entirely made up of low-
status vampires, whose anger is directed more at the
self-declared superiority of the first cursed than any
elders of their own blood.

scions, who are often of noble mortal blood,
cannot see why the

The Low Clans are split on the matter of the
Furores. Many feel that their lot can only get worse if
the first cursed have reason to distrust or fear them.
Barely suffered to exist as it is, the last thing any of
them should do is prove themselves actually dangerous
to the rulers of the night. Yet others adamantly refuse
to accept the "low" place the High Clans afford them,
and are more than willing to prove that he who can
take power is the one who deserves to hold it.

The Nosferatu often know more of what's going on
inadomain than its vampire lord, but prefer to hide and
let the Furore storm blow by. They fear to join it, lest

they lose, and be remembered; but they also do not feel
inclined to put themselves at risk in the lord's defense.
The wandering Ravnos are rarely trusted even by the
Furores, buta rare few may serve asspiesand messengers,
infiltrating targeted domains, starting rumors, or insti-
gating elder panic by leaving Furore sigils painted on the
walls of a city — whether they are members or not. As
with everything else, Malkavians may or may not be
inclined to Furore activities, depending on how their
particular insanity defines their world for them. Some
fear torisk what little respect they get in the courts of the
first cursed, and others, like the Furore leader known as
the Mad Monk, know that only the most violent action
keeps the voices in their head satisfied with the progress
towards a new Carthage, Camelot or Kingdom of
Heaven. Gangrel are deadly allies when it comes down
toa fight, butonlya handful find the goals of the Furores
in tandem with their own. Still, those in that handful
are more than willing to make up for their lack of
numbers in sheer ferocity.

The Furore bands rarely contain members of the
Children of Haqim or Followers of Set; the Assamites
and Serpents have their own priorities and a stronger
internal cohesion than most Western clans, though a
few rebel European Setites, rebelling against the dic-
tates of the Egyptian elders or condemned for heresy,
have found their way into Furore ranks. The Furores
have learned, however, to shun the Tremere
a potential candidate is witnessed in the act of

unless

diablerizing one of his own brothers, he is more than
likely a spy, interested only in earning prestige for his
superiors at the cost of Furore blood. Better a sincere
Tremere rebel be killed outright than risk having
proven Furore coteries betrayed to the elders, and the
cause of freedom lost for eternity.

(For more on both the Prometheans and the

Furores, see Ashen Thief.)

Lupettidi Gubbio

Among all the Damned, the weight of God's
curse falls heaviest on the Low Clans. It is perhaps
then not surprising that some among the Nosferatu
and Gangrel, who wear the stigma of their curse in
their own flesh, seek any means by which to find
redemption in the eyes of God. Yet nothing in
Cainite lore or tradition offered any hope to the
Damned, inheritors of Caine's curse — until St.
Francis tamed the Wolf of Gubbio.

The wolf was a vicious creature that hunted
villagers caught alone outside the village late at
night, or snatched children who wandered into the
woods even in daylight. The villagers, believing
the beast to be possessed of the Devil, pleaded with

ee he Cainite, Heresy expands on and
perverts the dualist faith of the Cathars,

and presents Cainites as beings of spiritual rather
than earthly nature. As such, they are
and their blood is a sacred
communion that infuses the worshippers with

divine
messengers of Goc

something of the divine nature. Mortal congre-
gations become herd and blood-bound pawns to
the Heresy's Cainite masters, who seek to further
infiltrate the Roman Church and subvert it to
their purposes. Congregations of the blasphe-
mous Cainite Heresy exist throughout much of
Europe, concentrated primarily in southern
France and Italy. The Crimson Curia, centered
in Venice, oversees the Heresy

eedless to say, many Cainites find the
Heresy's beliefs (and their treatment of their
mortal pawns) as sacrilegious as does the Holy
Inquisition. Even to those who are less appalled
by the perversions the Heresy espouses as God's
will, its mere existence presents a great danger to
all Cainites for the witch-hunters of the
Inquisition are not likely to differentiate be-
tween the Heretics and the devout when it
comes time to light their pyres.

The Cainite Heresy is dominated by the first
cursed, such as the Lasombra and Toreador, and
carries little appeal for the Low Clans, who carry
more of the full weight of Caine's Curse or are
simply not Christian to begin with. Yet the notion
of believing oneself an angel rather than a demon
carries its own appeal, because sometimes blood
offered in heretical worship is far easier to swallow
than bitter ashes of eternal damnation.

St. Francis to aid them. The saint, in his usual
gentle way, went to the wolf and, addressing the
"Brother Wolf," explained to him why
the things he was doing were asin against God. The
wolf was penitent, but protested that he too needed
to eat. And so St. Francis struck a bargain with the
wolf: If he restrained himself from doing harm to
the villagers or their animals, the villagers would
feed him for the rest of his natural life. To this the
wolf agreed, and so it was done, and the wolf never

creature as

again wanted for food, nor did the villagers need
fear him ever after.

No member of the Lupetti— the brotherhood
of "little wolves" — believes the wolf of Gubbio
was anything but an ordinary wolf, yet they tak
to heart the lesson inherent in the story. If they

can restrain themselves from indulging the Beast,
and be as poor and humble friars as the followers
of St. Francis himself, then perhaps the saint will
speak for them before God as he did for the Wolf
of Gubbio.

The Order was founded by the Gangrel Fra'
Bernardo, a former priest who accepted his Em-
brace as a just punishment from God for his sins, yet
despaired of ever atoning for them. Popular legend
among the Lupetti is that Fra' Bernardo heard the
story from the Wolf himself — at any rate, he never
tired of telling it to any who would listen. He also
adhered devoutly to the Rule he laid down for his
followers, right up to the night when two of his
clanmates, testing his vow of non-violence, tore
him apart, piece by piece. Fra' Bernardo's ashes
were later gathered by two of his followers and kept
as a relic; his faith serves as an example to all
Lupetti even in the current nights.

Practices and Beliefs

The Lupetti originated in Italy, but have since
spread (primarily through wandering friars) into
central Europe and France. They consider them-
selves a religious order, and follow the Lupetti Rule
devised by Fra' Bernardo, modeled on that of the
Franciscan Order. Members pledge poverty, obedi-
ence to the Order's Rule, and to abstain from
mortal blood, subsisting instead on the blood of
animals. They also vow to restrain themselves from
violence, for such behavior only provokes the Beast
They wear plain robes of gray homespun, carry no
weapons, and neither claim domain nor keep blood-
servants. Some of the Lupetti, particularly Gangrel,
wander, sleeping in the earth and subsisting on the
blood of forest creatures. Others share a common

haven, often a cave, the crypts under a church ora
forgotten cellar of a ruined Roman villa, and feed
from livestock and vermin. Those who can may
shave their heads nightly for a tonsure; members
are also encouraged to attend Mass whenever pos-
sible, even if they cannot take communion. A few
priests in the Order travel from one group to an-
other, hearing confessions, teaching and saying
Mass (using the blood of a lamb for the elements of
the Eucharist) for the members

Not all the members of the Lupetti are male
There are a growing number of female adherents,
called Lupette or Grey Sisters for the color of their
plain robes. The Rule says nothing about mixed sex
(Fra' Bernardo apparently didn't consider this a con-
cern — or more likely, never considered it at all). It
does, however, strongly recommend that the Lupetti

never gather in large numbers, as that would strain the

eh a )

+ PLAYERS.GUIDE TO -


ability of the land to support them and lead to unnec-
e and thus, temptation
to sin. Therefore, whenever there are more than four
Lupetti together in one place, they are urged to split
into pairs and go in opposite directions, the better to
spread the good news to other damned souls

sary friction among brothers

Low Clans in the Lupetti

The most common clans in the Lupetti are Gangrel
and Nosferatu. Some Gangrel in particular are drawn to
the Order for its promise of freedom from the Beast's
ravages, though its demands are equally challenging in
the face of Gangrel traditions of ferocity. Nofew Gangrel
Lupetti have had to face the taunts or blows of their
clanmates deriding them for their pacifist stand, and Fra'
Bernardo has not been the only martyr. Yet that does not
deter those truly seeking redemption, and night by
night, the Lupetti numbers grow

Nosferatu make up a large number of the Lupetti, as
they most strongly feel the burden of God's punishment
in their undead flesh. Those who cannot disguise them:
selves with Caine's gifts often wrap themselves in the
bandages of lepers so as to hide their true visages, and
wear bells or clappers as the local laws demand so they
may move freely on city streets.

Several Malkavians have also joined the Lupetti
and have proven themselves steadfast members of the
Order, although Brother Umberto insists on wrapping
himself in so many bandages to hide "deformities"
invisible to all but himself that he often must be led by
the hand.

While the Lupetti would welcome members of
other clans as well, so far none have petitioned to join
the Order. It is after all, they say, easier for one of the first
cursed to walk outdoors at noon than to develop the
humility necessary to enter the Kingdom of Heaven

All of One Vlood

Sometimes it is enough merely to be identified as a
member of one'sclan, but forsome itis not. Within every
clan, both Low and High, are sub-sects, some secret,
some not, who further define their members by obscure
philosophies, clandestine vows or sometimes-dangerous
practices. Such sub-sects are usually small, exclusive,
highly secretive and rarely known outside the clan that
gave them birth. Yet all claim a higher purpose, even if
itis little more than an exploration of their own peculiar
version of Caine's curse.

Assamites: The Web of Knives
In AD 1102, a cabal of Assamite assassins chal-

lenged the way the warrior caste chose and Embraced
new members, then left them to survive or perish on

+ CHAPTER FIVE «

JSE WHO HUNT THE Ni

MirHRaisM

ithraism is the worship of Mithras as

the Lord of Light, bringer of civilize

tion and morality, who spends his days guiding
the sun across the heavens (and thus is only
available to his worshippers at night). Once the
most popular cult in the Roman Empire, particu-
larly among the legions, it faded with the advent
of Christianity. Now that Mithras is once again
the lord of Avalon, he has re-established his
cult, both for mortal and undead worshippers.
Mithraism is a highly enigmatic mystery
cult. Its liturgy and practices are kept secret, and
new members take a vow of silence at their
initiations. Rituals are held in the mithraem, an
underground chamber designed to look like the
interior of a cave, and small enough that only
about forty worshippers can fit within. The cult
is hierarchical, with seven grades of initiation
The cult's teachings support a strong system of
ethics in which brotherhood is encouraged in

order to unify against the forces of evil, personi-

fied for Cainite initiates both as the enemies of
Aithras without, and the Beast within

Mithraism has always been a males-only
cult. Mithras is otherwise surprisingly egalitar
ian when it comes to dealing with the Low
Clans; he readily accepts male worshippers of
any clan. While the number of undead adher-
ents in his cult is not large, it is hard to argue with
the appeal of a religion that does not declare
vampire automatically damned. On the other
hand, to totally turn one's back on the Christian
faith takes a rare kind of courage — or extreme
sense of desperation

For more details on the Cult of Mithras, see
Ashen Cults.

their own. Instead, they founded a school, and took in
the most promising mortal assassins, imparting to them
the wisdom and skill attained over centuries. Bound in
a collective blood-oath to their masters, the mortal
apprentices train for seven years in the ways of dealing
death to mortal and Cainite alike, while gradually
learning more of their masters' true natures and being
tutored in the Road of Blood. At the end of their
training, the Web tests them; those that pass are given
the Embrace, and those that fail become the new fledg-
lings' first meal. The new Assamites then face seven
more years of apprenticeship, carrying out assassination
missions with their elders; at the end of this training,
they are tested again, and those who pass diablerize those

who fail. In this manner are the assassins of the Web of
Knives taught their deadly craft, and the price of failure.

The Web of Knives isa secret brotherhood of highly
skilled assassins, whose members guard their signs and
symbols to the death. A small sect, they operate inde-
pendently of Alamut's leadership, but the Mountain has
thus far tolerated their existence. Their separate exist-
ence is not widely known outside the Assamite clan
itself, and already their fearsome reputation is becoming
merged with that of the rest of the clan — something
that Alamut has done nothing to deter, believing that
fear serves the clan's purpose in defending their territo-
ties from the Franj infidels.

Members of the Web of Knives often disguise
their identities, so as to travel without suspicion orto
gain access to their target. They pay a tithe of blood
to their elders for every assignment they complet
They are also rumored to have connections with the
mortal Nizari sect who are said to carry out political
assassinations in order to further the cause of Shiite
Muslims against the Seljuk Empire

Gangrel: Che Knights of Avalon

ot all Gangrel are animals. In particular, a small
band of English Gangrel rejects the image conjured up by
their savage brethren in Scandinavia and Eastern Eu-
rope, and instead model themselves after legendary
chivalrous brotherhoods such as the Paladins of
Charlemagne and the Knights of the Roundtable. To
succumb to the mindless violence of the Beast is anath-
ema to them; they regard any animalistic features as a
sign of shame, and hide them as best they can. The
Knights combat the Beast within through a combina-
tion of Christian faith and strong will, focusing on the
chivalric ideals: nobility, courage, strength and courtesy.
The Knights are led by the Norman Sir Godfrey
d'Auffay, who never considered himself an idealist
when he breathed. Knighthood to him was a means to
an end, a road by which a younger son could attain
wealth and a name for himself. Alas, his Embrace in
the mid-12th century changed his circumstances dras-
tically. Seeking to control his own bestial impulses,
he learned that neither struggling to exist in the wild,
nor seeking refuge in holy orders, offered him peac
instead he found his answer in the songs of the
troubadours. Taking as his guide the epic Chanse de
Roland and the Historia regum Britanniae , he proposed
an order of Cainite knighthood to Mithras in London.
Though some other members of the court scoffed —
there were already Cainite Orders for knights, though
none likely to accept a Gangrel — the prince did not.
Mithras approved the order, naming it the Order of
the Knights of Avalon, and charging it with the
slaying of monsters wherever they might be found.

aes
Seo =a, <a ~~
GUIDE TO. -
-THELOW CLANS - foc A


This charge the Knights bear to this night, and they
have faced marauding man-wolves and mad or feral
Cainites of many clans. The Order took St.
Austreberthe, the nun who tamed a wolf and set it to
bearing burdens to replace the donkey it had killed, as
their patron saint; they pray to her to likewise tame
the wolf within them, so it may bear the burden of
their noble deeds in her name.

Nothing in the Order's charter restricts the mem-
bership to Gangrel only, though so far no knight of the
first cursed has ever petitioned foradmission. The Knights
hold a small castle keep in Cornwall, under the local
patronage of Baron Hugh de Chambrey. Atpresent their
membership is small: Sir Arthius Morgant, a Welshman
and the childe of Rhun of Tintagel; Sir Percival of
Ghent, who heard of the Order's work in his native land
and crossed the sea to offer them his sword; Sighurd the
Saxon, an experienced warrior converted to Christian-
ity; and Sir Godfrey himself. Also attached to the Order
is Master Humphrey, a Nosferatu who serves as a squire
to the Order and hopes one day to earn the honor of
knighthood.

Malkavians: The Orders of Mystery
Once the Malkavians had many mystery cults,
part of their almost forgotten heritage from ages long
ago. Now only three remain, and their very existence
is shrouded in myth, so that many of Malkav's childer
no longer know of them — until the time is right. The
Orders of Mystery do exist, but are elusive by their
very nature, seeking only to initiate a chosen few who

can see beyond their madness. Those so chosen are
sworn to never reveal its secrets, to defend the Order
at all costs and to trust in it absolutely. Potential
initiates are tested to see if they can decipher the
"tongue of Babel" — veils of symbolism and dis-
jointed images with which the members of the Order
communicate their visions to each other; if they are
persistent in their curiosity and search for personal
enlightenment regarding their own nature; and if
they are willing to sacrifice their perception of the
world for a glimpse of a greater truth, however frag-
mented. If satisfied with the candidate's potential, a
current member then sponsors her to the mystai, the
sponsor's peers in the Order. If accepted, the candi-
date faces initiation, an inner journey and test of her
spiritual strength, overseen by an elder of the Order.
If she passes, she

=xperiences visions that open her
inner sight to the power of Malkav within her. If she
fails, she is consumed by the elder testing her, and her
blood is returned to the clan.

Three Orders of Mystery survive in the current
nights. The Ordo Aenigmatis is the most prevalent, and
deals with enigmas and riddles; they are prophets and

oracles who seek to overcome their madness by con-
fronting that which is unknowable. Many follow the
Road of Heaven, and so seek God's truths; others follow
the Road of Bones (see the Dark Ages Storytellers
Companion), or even the Road of Kings.

The Ordo Ecstasis seeks enlightenment through
sensual experience, embracing the Beast rather than
seeking to chain it; they are given to revels and orgiastic
rites to appease the Beast and unlock its mysteries. Many
Ecstasis walk the Road of the Beast, while others follow
the Road of Sin.

The last, the Ordo Maleficus, is the smallest and
most obscure,

nd is rarely spoken of; many in the Ordo
Aenigmatis and Ordo Ecstasis fear that those who follow
Maleficus have fallen prey to the infernal forces of Hell.

Membership inan Ordermay, in fact, aida Malkavian
in rising in his road; when the cult's rites push their
adherents close to frenzy, often they pass a threshold
where new understanding blossoms out of their mad-

ness. Such trials are very personal, often tied to an
individual Malkavian's own derangements; by over-
coming that which they most fear, they become better
able to control the Beast that gnaws at their souls.

Setites: The Typhonists

Even pagans have their heretics. The Toreador
Methuselah Michael, realizing that faith is only as
strong as its ability to resist temptation, invited the
Setite Khay'tall to test the strength of his Dream.
Taking the name Children of Judas, Khay'tall and his
childe Sarrasine settled in Constantinople to do their
utmost to corrupt the purity of the great work Michael
and his lovers had created.

They succeeded all too well. Khay'tall wasa member
of the Decadent faction, who pursued corruption for its
ownsake and didnot heed the words of the Hierophants,
the ancient leaders of the Followers of Set in Egypt. He
taught the worship of evil for itself, rather than as a tool
to break down the rule of law and glorify Set. In this his
childe S:

arrasine was his full accomplice, even teaching
their mortal adherents that Set was a demon, not a god.
Khay'tall perished when Constantinople fell, diablerized
by his own childe, but what he wrought still bears fruit
among the far-flung Followers of Set, many of whom
now are not even of Egyptian descent, and it has created
a rift through the very heart of the clan in Europe.

The Typhonists follow a debased version of the
Road of the Serpent that stresses the value of corruption
for its own sake, but pays little heed to the reverence for
Set. Personal indulgence and pursuit of pleasures are
encouraged. Typhonists seek to undermine the founda-
tions of moral society whenever possible, and mock
virtues and restraint. They delight in spoiling what is
pure, or corrupting the innocent; they seek their own


gratification, advancement and pleasure in all things.
Often, in fact, little practical difference exists between
the Road the Typhonists espouse and the Road of Sin;
both stress the fulfillment of desire, however base, and
deny any moral authority other than the self.

The Typhonists are most common in Europe and
the Byzantine successor states; many are of European,
not Egyptian, ethnic background, anda great majority of
them have red hair, which is ironically considered a sign
of Set's blessing. In fact, a good number were Embraced
for no other reason than the fact they had red hair — a
practice abhorrent to the more traditional faction of the
clan, who believe that the Dark Waters of Set's blessing
should never be granted lightly. Many Typhonists have
had only limited teaching in the religious background,
history and culture of their clan. Some have fallen into
the diabolical practices of the Baali, or see little differ-
ence between serving Set or Lucifer.

The Hierophants accuse the decadent Typhonists
of turning their backs on proper devotion to the god; the
Typhonists in turn believe the Hierophants merely
desire power to bend the clan to their own will. What
effect this conflict of philosophy and practice will have
on the clan as a whole, only time will tell.

Nosferatu: The Warreners' Guild

Never let it be said that the Nosferatu are mired in
tradition; when survival is at stake, the Nosferatu not
only adapt, but thrive. The burgeoning cities have
produced anew environment for the former hunters and
monsters of the night, and mortal skills at all forms of
architecture and masonry, including building under-
ground, have caught the interest of many Nosferatu
concerned about their own protection and conceal-
ment. Yet it took the genius of Zelios to (literally) break
new ground for the clan, moving them from merely

adapting existing underground structures to their use
(such as catacombs, caves, crypts and the remains of
Roman sewers), into actually designing, digging and
constructing subterranean structures specifically for their
own purposes. Zelios had an innate knack for under-
standing how buildings worked; how the weight of the
walls and ceiling was supported, and how the height of
an arch was determined. He studied the classic geomet-
ric proportions of the Greeks, the magnificent Coliseum
in Rome, the flying buttresses and arching ceilings of
cathedrals and the sturdy barrel vaulting in the crypts

below. He also began to experiment with geomancy, the
use of ley lines to determine the site and facing of a
building, and the mystical properties of numbers and
proportions in architectural design. More importantly,
however, he began to teach what he knew. While Zelios
did not condone Embracing a mortal just for his masonry

skills, others were more desperate, or perhaps less hu-
mane; a number of former master masons and senior
journeymen now form the core of the Warreners' Guild.

The purpose of the guild is simple: to design and
build safe and secure havens for not only Nosferatu
broods, but other Cainites as well. Zelios' own reputa-
tion as architect, builder and visionary leads the way for
enterprising warreners to develop their own contacts,
allies and prestation debts as they explore their new
skills. So far, most projects have been simple — adding
a stone wall designed to pivot on a central shaft, access-
ingasecret room beyond it; enlarging the crypts ofa local
monastery to provide Nosferatu brethren secure cells for
sleeping; reinforcing the walls and ceiling of under-
ground caverns or tunnels so that possibility of collapse
is greatly reduced. Recently, a pair of warreners in Milan
have begun an ambitious project of building a series of
tunnels off the canal; while the half-buried ruins of
Roman villa near London is being expanded into a

haven capable of holding a full brood, the ceilings
reinforced, rooms excavated and a hill built over the rest
of the ruins to hide them from mortal sight.

The skills of Zelios and his students have also been
in great demand from other Cainites, including many of
the High Clans. Zelios has set a precedent of taking such
contracts and fulfilling them to the best of his ability, but
he has also not neglected any opportunities to include
features that might be of future use to the clan, either for
emergency shelter, or a means by which a prince ot
Cainite lord can be watched from concealment between
the walls or under the floor. Such construction is not left
to mortal laborers, however; a warrener knows when a
job is best done with his own hands, to keep the secret
workings secure. In fact, concealing the fact that con-
struction is being carried out at all, particularly with
regards to havens, is a skill in itself, one particularly
suited for the warrener's craft.

The Warreners' Guild is loosely organized, roughly
following the structure of its mortal counterpart, the
Guild of Masons, with ranks of apprentice, journeyman
and master. With no central authority, save a deep and
abiding respect for Zelios himself, exact methods and
approaches to the craft vary widely from master to
master. Members encourage any Nosferatu with interest
or aptitude for the craft to apprentice themselves to a
master, and learnall they can, traveling to study building
techniques in other lands and eventually building their
own masterpiece, before they are granted the title of
master themselves. The Guild is small, with no more

than two or three dozen members across Europe; often a
prospective apprentice must look hard for a master to
study under, but those who do so feel that they are
contributing in a very significant way to the future of
their entire clan.


A

Advanced Disciplines 141
Animalism 144-146
Join with the Beast Within 146
Pact with Animals 144
Send the Eighth Plague 145
Unchain the Ferocious Beast 146
Chimerstry 146-148
Aid of the Gandharvas 147
Horrid Blade of the Demons 146
Truths of the Universe 148
Visions from the Asura 147
Dementation 148-149
Change the Soul 149
Devil in the Mind 148
Personal Scourge 149
Touch of the Saints 149
Obfuscate 150-151
Horrid Countenance 151
Invisible Weapon 150
Obscure God's Creation 151
Veil of Blissful Ignorance 150
otean 151-154
Adaptation 154
Form of the Bloodswarm 152
Proteus' Bane 152
7. Shape of the Inner Beast 153
ietus 154-156
Blood of Destruction 155
‘Dam the Heart's River 155
Rapturous Touch 154
eaken the Blood of the Ancients 156
Serpentis 156-158
Aspect of the God 156
Body of the Great Lord Set 158
Pact with Ra 158
Seed of Corruption 157
Aethelwulf 206
Aiste 207
Anda 122
Ashirra 211
Assamites
Blood sorcery 176
Whispers of the Heavens 176
Rituals
Blood's Cry for Vengeance 180
Coerce the Profane 182
Dowse the Earth's Blood 180
Eye of the Translator 179
Expel the Dark Humors 183
Fingers Form the Hand 182

aR A Be:

27

BBaSQbEIGE ER

er of the Winds 181

INDEX

Goals 101
History 16-21

Player's Toolbox 22

Laws of Blood 18
Traditions/Perversions 74

B

Baba Yaga 43
British Isles 69
Byzantine Successor States 72

¢

Cainite Heresy 216
Ceoris 58, 71
Coteries 116
alt of Veles 31,34

D

Diet of Olives 73
Disciplines Techniques
of Accursed Rage 158

Beast's Vigor 159

Blessing's Waming 159

Craft Ephemera 159

Drink the Mind 160

Fenris' Talons 160

Feral Imbuing 160

Goddess Among Beasts 160

Guardian Vigil 161

Hatch the Viper 161

Loki's Gift 162

Long March 162

Maddening Halo 162

Memory Rift 162

Mystic Sight 163

Quickened Instincts 163

Respite of Lucidity 163

Retain the Quick Blood 163

Scent of Caine 164

See the True Form 164

Serpent's Numbing Kiss 164

Shadow Feint 164

Shared Entombment 165

Shattered Fog 166

Spectral Puppeteer 166

Stone Meld 166

Sympathetic Agony 166

Torpid Hibernation 167

Tree Meld 167

True Love's Face 167

Whispers of Loathing 167

Wolf's Lament 168
Downtime 111

€

einherjar 30, 34
Frienne de Faubergé 56, 73, 109
Etrius 59, 61

R

Fatima al-Fagadi 204
Feeding 65
Flaws
Physical
Face of the Beast 185
Infested 185
Plague Bearer 185
Stench 185
Mental
Fierce Bigot 186
Moon Mad 186
Suicidal Beast 186
Wanderlust 186
Social
Blood Hunted 187
Botched Presentation 188
Former Cat's-Paw 188
Former Magus 187
Scapegoat 188
Uncouth 187
Village Idiot 188
Supernatural
Beast in the Mirror 189
False Amaranth 190
Killed by Staking 190
Mystical Aura 190
Restricted Diet 190 |
Soul Eater 190
Uncanny 189
Followers of Set
Goals 102
History 23-28 |
Player's Toolbox 28
Terminology 24
Tradition/Perversions 76
France 69
Furores 214

G

Gangrel

Goals 103
History 29-34
Mutable Blood 136
Player's Toolbox 35


Golconda 112
Goratrix 59, 64

5

Havens 66,97
Heartblood 18, 21, 182
Hungary 71

Iberia 70
Instruction of Neonates 95
Italy 71

J

Jean-Batiste de Montrond 205
Jervais bani Tremere 211
Jesting 39, 81

Jiirgen of Magdeburg 70

Malgorzata 211

Malachite 209

Malkavians
Goals 105
History 36-40
Inherited Madness 137
Player's Toolbox 42
Tradition/Perversions 80

Massasa War 62

Meerlinda of Wessex 59

Merits
Physical

Bloat 183

Blood Connoisseur 184

Feeding Tongue 184

Foul Humors 183

Unmarred Face 184
Mental

Ability Aptitude 186

Enlightened 186

Flock 186

Sanguine Lucidity 186
Social

Adopted Into Grace 186

Alternate Identity 187

Former Magus 187

Hamnless 187

Network 187

Pretender to the Blood 187

Scarred 187
Supernatural

Abomination 187

Animal Affinity 188

Arcane 188

Blazing Demise 188

Discipline Prodigy 189

Guardian Angel 189

Hidden Amaranth 188

Personal Aura 188

Sleep Unseen 188

True Vampire 189

Midian of Hamburg 70
Mithras 19, 69, 206, 213, 218

Mithraism 217

n

Nictuku 44

Noiad 130

Nosferatu
Goals 106
History 43-48
Inherited Deformities 138
Player's Toolbox 48
Tradition/Perversions 82

0

Omen War 48, 59, 63

Onrderofthe Pious Knightsof the Black Shroud 21

Orders of Mystery 219
Outremer 73

P

Prometheans 213

R
Ragged Jenny 69

Ravnos

Zo& 210

Terminology 50
Tradition/Perversions 84
Roads by clan 113

3

Saulot 61
Scandinavia 72
Seren 69, 207

@
Tactics 65
Telyavelic Tremere 132
Thaumaturgy
Perdo Magica 168
Rituals
Bind the Familiar 171
Blood Phylactery 175
Buming Blade 169
Certémen 172
Consecration of the Sanctum 173
Draught of Earth's Blood 173
Epistle of Babel 168
Evocation of the Taper 169
Impassable Trail 170
Infernal Compact 170
Lassitude of Revelry 170
Purity of Flesh 169
Sanguine Lodestone 169
Suspension of Incantation 174
Transubstantiation of Humors 170
Ward Versus Fae 175
Ward Versus Lupines 173
Ward Versus Magi 176
Tremere
Goals 109
History 56-63
Player's Toolbox 64
Tradition/Perversions 86
Typhonists 219

V

Virstania 125
Vladimir Rustovitch 60, 72

Ww

Warrener's Guild 220
Web of Knives 217
Wiftet the Simple 208

Z

Zelios 220


vAMMETO

Name: Nature: Generation:
Player: Demeanor: Concept:
Chronicle: Clan: Haven:

Physical Social Mental
" Strength. Ye 0000000 _ Charisma @0000000 Perception. @0000000
Dexterity. @0000000 Manipulation_@0000000 Intelligence__e0000000
Stamina. @0000000 Appearance__@O0000000 Wits__._  e0000000
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness oo0000000 AnimalKen_gqgo000000 Academics 00000000
Athletics o0000000 Archery___o 0000000 Hearth Wisdlom_g 99000000
Brawl. C0000000 Commerce__qQo000000 !nvestigation__o 90000000
Dodge_____00000000 Crafts____oo0000000 Law_____o0000000
Empathy 00000000 EFtiquette__qoo000000 Linguistics___0 0000000
Expression ___ 90000000 Melee____0 0000000 Medicine____9 0000000
Intimidation. g90000000 Performance_gQgoQ00000 Occult 00000000
Leadership___91 9000000 Ride____opoo000000 Pulitics____o 0000000
~ Legerdemain__oo000000 Stealth___ 90000000 Seneschal 00000000
Subterfuse 9g 0000000 _ Survival 00000000 Theology____9 0000000
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
, 90000000 ________00000000 Conscience/Conviction.O 0000
O0000000 __ EO ODDDOOO
00000000 00000000 ' Self-Control/Instinct_o0000
Oo0000000 __ EC OOOOOON0N
00000000 __ 00000000 Courage_______00000
=— Other Traits Road Health
00000000 Bruised Oo
acne, ODOM Oa aUS Hurt 10
Injured al |G]
00000000 _ Aura: GC) Wounded 2 O
POVIe900 Willoower === Mauled 2 0
00000000 le Crippled af | (al
ee O000000000 Incapacitated Oo
00000000 BOO oOoo Weakness

OOCOOOO00) | Tit Blood Pool
oooooo0og DOOOOOOOOO

‘DOBOOay

Experience



= AVLEDC TTT Ail

CURSED monG ChE CURSED

Foreigners in the lands of High Clans. Vassals, s 's, lepers, madmen. The
Low ns Have alve@ys dRe tl that their lords digdaine sut in the

wake of the War of the fallen Cainites question the Divine Rig NY,
U

+ low-blooded have seen the world from the

which the High Clans r

underside, and they.are quit willing to share revelations.

THE LOWLY Ones RIS ;

The Players Guide to Low S shi contains detai Information on th

I, |, Malkavigy® Nosfe ratu;"Ravnos, and
Tremere. r >d chronicle
Low: Clan lucie ‘ters panei over ee He nPthology istory ofthe
clan nd new Merits, Flaws, < isci techniques for len. Also,

you I fi ils on Low

WWW.WHITE-WOLFCOM
ISBN 1-58846-287-0
WW20006 $29.95 U
