# File: Possessed - A Player's Guide.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

if:

©
en
&,
Oo:

S
bs "9

Player's Guide


{«
APM' Guide
A

BY CHRIS CAMPBELL, MATTHEW MCFARLAND & COLIN SULEIMAN

WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN HAGEN y
Qe a area. \



Sometimes folks scream. Sometimes they do it
out loud, and sometimes it's in their eyes. I see it all
the damn time. That's one of the perks of being
Garou, you make people want to scream. You scare
them. It's natural — we're predators. The Curse
follows us, and that means people walk across the
street to avoid us, rent-a-cops finger their flashlights
nervously when we walk into a market, moms hold
their babies tight when we smile. And they all want
to scream, but they don't know why.

So when the guy started chatting me up at the bar
in Cairo, I was the one getting nervous.

He wasn't used to drinking, that much was
obvious. His eyes were bloodshot — from crying,
maybe? His fingernails were ragged and dirty, and he
had big yellow sweat stains under his arms. | don't
know why he picked me, but he sat down next to me
and started talking.

I make it a point to get a story out of every bar I go
to. I find someone too drunk to get scared of me, buy
'em a round, and ask them for a story. It sounds less
ridiculous if you're trashed. I've used drunk stories at

moots, occasionally. Just dress em up a bit, throw ina
werewolf or something, and bang, instant legend.

Hey, don't knock it. I didn't earn the "Speaks
Until Sunrise" thing by reciting the phone book at
moots, right?

Anyway, this guy. He's obviously a native, but he's
not from this neighborhood. My Arabic isn't fluent,
but it's close, so I mostly just listen and throw in
comments when I need to. Finally, he tells me his
name is Ahmed. I look over at him, still a little wary of
the whole situation, and ask him if he's got a story.

It was the saddest thing I ever saw. Two tears roll
down his cheeks, and then he coughs and says, "Yes,
Ihave a story." I nod to him, and he motions me back
to a table. I'm figuring he beat his wife, cheated on
her, robbed a bank, killed somebody, something like
that. He's clearly scared, maybe guilty. We sit down,
and he looks me square in the eyes, and tells me I'm
not going to believe him.

Now I'm intrigued, and I say, "Well, Ahmed, why
don't you tell me your story and I'll worry about
believing it then?" And he nods, slumps back in his
chair, and says, "Let me tell you my story."

eee

Legends of the Garou: Cry for Help


I was fine until the dreams started coming. I don't
know why — suddenly, over the course of a few weeks,
I started having them. To call them "nightmares"
would make them seem trite and childish. Perhaps
that's how this sounds to you?

I would dream of myself and my wife. In my

‘dreams I saw the shame of not being able to have
children. I would see myself, naked and abashed, in
front of a crowd, while a horrible man — an Ameri-
can — with a stick beat me and shouted to the crowd
that I was nota man. | wasa freak, he said. Incomplete
and unable to sow my seed. If I could not, he would,
he said, and the crowd roared with approval. And as
I knelt there, bloodied from his beatings and crying
from his words, I looked and saw my wife in our bed,
cheering like the rest of them, waiting for someone
who could give her children.

I think that was the first dream. That was the first
time I woke and saw my wife there, sleeping peace-
fully. I woke up her and told her I'd had a nightmare,
but that I couldn't remember it. She held me and I
shook, still frightened.

She knew never to mention the incident to me by
the light of day. What a man says and does at night in
ahalf-dream does not reflect who he is. | am a strong
man by day. I did my job, sat in my office and
answered my calls, and only felt a bit tired. I was still
a strong man then.

The next dream came later that week. I had
forgotten about the first and was standing in the
shower when the door opened. My wife came in to
surprise me. Sometimes she does that, if she knows lam
unhappy or tense. I washed her hair and touched her
gently, but something was wrong. I felt a strange
tension in her kiss that was never there. | asked her
later what was wrong, and she responded that it was
nothing. I knew this wasn't true, but she insisted, and
finally I let the issue drop so that we could go to sleep.

It wasn't until after she'd fallen asleep that I
remembered she had spent the afternoon with her
sister — and her sister's young daughter. My wife was
feeling jealous and sad. She couldn't tell me how she
felt; | admit I would not have heard the pain in her
voice. | would have heard only accusation. How
blind. How stupid.

I dreamed that night of wandering in a vast build-
ing, through empty, gray hallways with locked doors.
From behind each door came shrieks of passion and I
recognized them as my wife's: but I couldn't open even
one of the doors. Whoever was pleasuring my wife so,
it was not I. I knew, in my dream, that I never could,
because every time we lay down together she hated me

more and more for being sterile. I woke up, not with a
start but with a quiet whimper. I woke her, and asked
her if she loved me despite my inability to give her a
family. She said she did, and held me again. And again,
come the dawn, neither of us mentioned it.

The next day I could do little work. I sat at my desk
and tried to do my job, but everyone who passed me by
seemed to be staring and laughing. Every time I picked
up a pen to write, every time my fingers touched my
keyboard, my hands shook. | spent time in prayer, but
I could not focus.

I think that is when the feeling began. I tried to
explain it to my wife once, before... before yesterday.
1 tried to explain it, but words fail. The feeling is
simply wrong. As though the entire world is a few
seconds off, a few inches to the left of you. You miss
jokes and laugh at the wrong things. You see food and
it doesn't make you hungry, but the strangest things
arouse your base emotions.

I saw trash on the street on my way home that day,
and immediately wondered what was for dinner. The
thoughts were connected, but I had not connected
them. The feeling is much like dreaming, that slow,
artificial stage of the dream where you wonder, "Am |
about to wake up?" But you know you are not. As
horribly out-of-touch and unreal as you feel, you know
that there is no escape, none but... sleep.

That night was terrifying. I remember the wind
outside my home, my wife locking the windows and
then checking them again. She was worried. She
knew I was uneasy. ! sat in my chair and tried to read,
and then tried to pray, but again all I could feel was
that something was wrong, something was off, some-
thing was alien. | felt like a stranger in my home, even
in my body. I never took a drink of alcohol in my life
before yesterday, so I could not liken the feeling to
intoxication, but it was similar. I have never under-
stood the fascination some cultures have with drink.
I don't know why aman would want to poison himself
to the point of sickness or unconsciousness. I only
know that the night after my second dream, as the
wind howled like a demon in the streets, I felt that
something was changing.

Vague, I know. I am sorry. I said my story was
strange.

That night, I dreamed again, but it was different.
My nightmares never repeated themselves, but simply
got worse and more gruesome. There were elements
that remained the same however; many of them fea-
tured my wife, most featured a bed. The one I had that
night had both, and was so insidious that I didn't know
I was dreaming until the creature's fangs were....


a le

Ly

= wie ea aged ee

I'm sorry. The dream. I dreamed I was standing in
front of my bed, as though I had gotten up and
returned. I climbed into bed quietly, so as not to wake
her, but her eyes fluttered open and she smiled.

My friend, you should see my wife's smile. A more
compassionate woman was never born, and when she
smiles, you can feel Allah's blessings and love stir you.
The greatest crime is that this beautiful, giving woman
married me, for surely any children of hers...

I'm sorry. She smiled, and reached for me. We
kissed, and then an instant later, as is the way of
dreams, we were making love. Her mouth close to my
ear, | heard her whispering something, but could not
quite understand. Her hands clutched at my back and
Theard her say "Why," but the voice was not hers. It
was a terrible, thick whisper, as a person might
produce if forced to speak while being strangled. I
raised my head to look at her, but she forced my face
down to her bosom with such power that I could not
even lift my head. The voice was coming clearer now,
and she was repeated that same word — "why" —
over and over. I tried to pull away, but she kept me
close, her hips still rocking, and I helpless to escape
her. I never, during this whole disgusting scene, knew
that I was dreaming. I believed what I saw, Allah
forgive me. | cried out against her, calling her...
calling her words that no man should use with his
wife. She laughed, and simply held me fast.

And then she released me, and I lifted my head up
and saw her smile.

Imagine the face of an angel. Imagine a face that
gives you hope, that reminds you of the presence of the
divine. Imagine eyes that you've looked on every day
for ten years, a gentle mouth that cannot help but
laugh and urges you to do so. Imagine, if I may be so
bold, the face of your wife, if you have one.

Now imagine that mouth filled with the fangs of a
thousand serpents, leering at you, her legs still wrapped

about your waist.

I woke with a scream. My wife awoke as well, and
tried to comfort me, but I would not let her. I turned
from her, shaking, and she turned and lay with her
back to me, curled into a tight ball.

She was still lying that way in the morning, when
I rose to go to work.

The "wrong" feeling was never as strong as the first
time I felt it, but it was constant thereafter. It didn't
seem to matter what | did or where I went, what | ate
or drank, what I said to my wife or whomever else I
spoke to. I always felt a few seconds behind the world
— or perhaps ahead? I said earlier that I had trouble
finding words to describe it. Mostly, I just felt tired.

Ser

Although I slept on the nights that I had the
nightmares— obviously —I never woke feeling rested.
Instead, after a dream, I slept fitfully, a few moments at
atime. I got up and paced, but could never quite put a
finger on what was wrong (beyond the dreams, of
course). But mercifully, after the third dream, I was not
visited by the horror again for more than a week.
During that time, I apologized to my wife for pulling
away from her. She also apologized for feeling jealous
of her sister — she repeated that she did love me.

Are you married, my friend? Ah, well, may you be
so lucky one day. Married couples spend a great deal
of time apologizing. When Shamara and I were first
married, I thought this was a sign that our marriage
would not last, that we would either split apart or
grow old despising each other. But when | told my
father of my fears, he laughed at me. He said that if
you see someone every day, of course you will cross
each other sometimes. The same would occur, he
said, with our children.

Father died before I found I was unable to sire
children. I'd like to think he wouldn't have thought
less of me, but I don't know. I have six brothers, yousee.

The dreams did not return until my review. Mis-
fortunes come in packs, do you not find that true? The
management of the company was changing, and they
decided to review all of the employees to see who
would be more in line with the new regime. It was a
very stressful time for me — I had a roughly equal
chance of losing my job or receiving a promotion,
depending on how much the management changed.
Every day a manager or assistant — or worse, a consult-
ant — would walk through the office and take notes,
ask insipid questions, and then move on. The feeling
of "wrongness" returned in force, and three days after
the reviews began, I found I had caught a cold.

Getting sick in Cairo isn't the same as getting sick
elsewhere, especially not after Jackal Fever. Even a
simple illness brings images of suffering and lingering
death in the streets or in some foul-smelling hospital.
It was only the flu, as it turned out, but I stepped
gingerly around the house and the office, kept awake
and functioning only by swallowing far too much
medication. (I couldn't, of course, afford to miss a day
of work — it might have reflected badly.) Soon after I
fell ill, I had another dream.

In the dream, I felt fine. 1 was running down the
street, but not being chased — I was running simply to
feel alive. I ran past my house, and away from the city,
feeling the hot morning air in my lungs. That part of
the dream was the best I've felt in months.

Legends of the Garou: Cry for Help 5


It ended too quickly, however. The ground turned
to sand beneath my feet and I found | could not stop
running. The sun burned overhead and I felt my flesh
begin to blister and peel away, but yet my legs would
not let me stop. I clenched my fists so hard my palms
bled, tried to force myself to stop, to change direction,
anything, but I could not. I was running into the
setting sun, and I could not shut my eyes even to blink.
Before long I couldn't see at all.

Finally, I collapsed. I could feel sand under-
neath me — cool, night sand — had I really run all
day, I thought? I reached down to rub my aching
feet...and found they were no longer there. I had
run until my feet had been worn away, ground down
to nothing by the sand.

I woke up, quietly. I nearly panicked because I
couldn't see — but that was only because the room was
dark, of course. I felt for my feet, as absurd as that must
seem, but they were still there. I did not wake my wife
on purpose, but she awoke as | was sitting in bed pawing
at the covers for my own feet. She asked me what was
wrong, and I told her about the dream. At least this one
did not feature her. She suggested that I see a doctor,
and at the time, I think | agreed. But the damned light
of day convinced me otherwise.

I left that morning for thinking to call my doctor
from work. When | got to the office, however, I found
that the company's decisions had been made. I was
going to receive a promotion and a small raise. The
elation I felt almost washed away the "wrong" feeling
and I sat at my desk that day beaming. The mood was
dampened only by the employees that were not so
fortunate passing by with the boxes from their offices.
Many of them were glaring, not only at me but at
anyone who had remained employed. But what were
we supposed to do? Quit in protest? It wasn't that I
didn't feel for those people, but it wasn't in my power
to help them. I took a long lunch that day, just to
avoid those glares. They made the feeling worse, and
sometimes I felt as though I could hear their thoughts,
their accusations, through the glares. 1 know how
strange that must sound, but I told you this story was
going to be hard to believe.

And yet thus far, it isn't so far-fetched, is it? Just
nightmares and vague feelings. Well, my friend, let
me assure you that after that day, the story becomes
more unbelievable.

That night, I went home and shared the good news
with Shamara. Like me, she forgot all about the night-
mares as we discussed what we could do with the extra
money, what responsibilities I would have now, and so
on. Just before we fell asleep, I heard a voice in my

head, Shamara's voice. It softly, but quite clearly said,
"Now if only we could have children."

It took me quite a long time to fall asleep. When
I finally did, I had another nightmare. This one, while
not as violent or insidious as some of the others, was in
a way the most important.

I dreamed I was sitting on my bed with Shamara
asleep beside me. I pulled the covers back and saw that
my feet looked...rotten. They were both swollen and
purplish, and when I moved them, they felt numb or
dead. I sat up and pulled my right foot close and moved
my toes, and my big toenail felt loose. I pulled on it, and
it came off in my hand.

Beneath the nail was a hollow. My toe — perhaps
my foot — was hollow, a gored hole, and clinging to
the nail was some greenish-white stringy flesh. 1 am
sorry, I do not mean to disgust you, but that was the
dream. I dreamed that I was rotting from the inside.
After I saw that, I woke up, and found that my wife was
sleeping peacefully. I could not bring myself to wake
her. What did she need to hear, that I was having
another nightmare brought on by my insecurity? Why
disturb her sleep?

And besides, she already knew there was some-
thing rotten within me. She'd thought it — I'd
heard her.

I got out of bed to pray, but gave up after a few
moments. AsI walked away, the feeling of "wrongness"
changed. Instead of a sick, paranoid feeling that some-
thing was wrong, I instead felt that something was
making these dreams happen. I looked around my
darkened living room, and thought | saw something
scurry under a table. I considered — just for a moment
— turning on the lights and looking.

Why did I not? I asked myself that question the
next day, when sunlight made me feel whole again. |
think the reason is that I knew that I was not dreaming.
Suppose I had found it, the little devil that robbed me
of the sanity. It's one thing to fear nightmares, but
what can you do when they come to life, but scream
and go mad? I was not ready then to go mad. I did not
go looking for the thing in the dark.

I went back to bed, but I did not sleep. The
morning found me lying on my back, staring at the
wall, breathing lightly, afraid. | went to work that
morning still feeling as though something was sitting
on my shoulder, waiting for me to sleep again.

1 busied myself with my new job, dealing with
employees and clients, very grateful that my desk sat
near a window and that the sun streamed in for most of

the day. I stayed late that evening, however, and when
I left, the sun had set.

Possessed


AsI walked to my car, I realized that I hadn't been
outside after dark since the nightmares began. The
parking lot was almost empty, and as I neared my car,
I saw something move in the shadows to my right.

I don't know why I followed it. I think perhaps I
was feeling bold because I was at work, away from
home, and not shaking in terror of a nightmare's
passage. Perhaps it was because I was dressed and not
vulnerable in my nightclothes. I don't know. Perhaps
I was simply going mad, and accepting it.

I walked towards the shadows where I'd seen the
movement, and called out for the thing to show itself.
I don't know what I expected to happen. A stray dog,
perhaps. Something mundane and comforting that
would let me laugh off the nightmares and the fear. But
the comforts of the mundane were gone by then.

A hand reached out from the brush at the edge of
the parking lot. It was no bigger than a child's, but it
was blood-red and the nails were sharp and pointed.
Its palm was upturned as though asking for alms, and
as I stood there dumbly, trying to make sense of what
I saw, it spoke.

How to explain such a voice? I'd always imagined
the voice of the djinn as being deep and resonant. This
creature's voice was more like a blistering wind. It was
sibilant and quiet, but I heard it inside my head just as
Thad heard my wife's voice the night before. "Ahmed,"
it said, "why did you look for me?" I had no answer for
that. As I said, I'm not sure why I went looking.

It continued: "I know that you are afraid, Ahmed,
but why do you seek out what you fear? Why do you
not shun it? By walking towards your tormentor, you
have cost us both our freedom." I didn't know what it
meant by that. Had I known, I would have run away
as fast as my legs could carry me. I should have been
afraid, but instead, | was angry. I knew that this
monster was responsible for tormenting me and rob-
bing me of my will and sleep, of driving me to madness
every night. So | reached out and grabbed its wrist
and jerked it into view. I will regret that action for the
rest of my days. What, after all, could possibly be
gained by forcing evil into the light? Won't evil
defend itself? It certainly did in my case.

The creature was human-shaped, but only three
feet high. It was blood-red from head to toe, and had
wicked-looking fangs. It had no hair that I recall, but
I do remember its eyes. Like a damned serpent, slit
and yellow and evil, and they burned with hatred for
me. It looked down at my hand, still clutching its
wrist, and its lips curled back into a horrible scowl.
And then it said one word, and disappeared. Simply
vanished away like... a dream.

The word? "Done."

I got into my car and drove home. I felt likea man
being led to execution. I walked in the door and
found my wife asleep on our sofa, waiting for me. I did
not wake her. I walked to my bedroom, undressed,
and lied down.

The dream was not long in coming.

In it, I was the creature. I was my normal size, but
my skin was red and my fingers ended in those black
claws. I walked through a terrifying dream world
where the sands rose up in the cities and the buildings
were covered in webs. I saw people, but I looked at
them as though through frosted glass — I saw them as
blurry and incomplete, and I hated them. Allah
forgive me, but I knew them to be real people and I
hated them for that reason. I was like a dream brought
to a cruel state of awareness, a reflection in a mirror.
I knew that when the real people walk away, when
the dreamer awakens, | would vanish.

And then the dream changed and I became myself
and I was home, away from that fearful place of the
other side of nightmares. But now I was only a few feet
tall, and I was hiding in my living room, under tables
and behind furniture, like a rodent. I was afraid of...
not people. People were harmless. They wouldn't
believe me if they saw me. But there was something
howling outside, and it wasn't the wind. I was afraid of
that wild howl, that chaos in the desert. I was afraid of
that, and of what might happen when the sun rose.

I awoke then, and I knew it was over. The feeling
of wrongness was gone, as was the feeling of being
controlled. In its place was the knowledge that the
creature — the jann — was inside my head. I would
suffer no more nightmares myself — but someone
would have to, because nightmares were my food. Its
food. Our food.

It's part of me now. It isn't so hard to accept. I had
to accept that I was sterile. I'm used to coming to grips
with myself. Most men are, I think.

I left the bedroom that night and found my wife
still asleep on the sofa. Some new part of me cried out
in hunger, while the old parts of me cried out in horror.
I raised my hand up and pointed to her. | saw her face
crumple as the dreams began.

Hunger had won, it seems.

She endured a week of dreams before she left me.
She went to her sister. I followed. Not in my car or on
foot, but through the world of nightmares, I followed.
And I found that her sister's dreams were better. But
best of all, I found the nightmares of a child.

Legends of the Garou: Cry for Help


I know, my friend, that I sound insane and that,
even if this were possible, it would make me a monster.
But I'm not the monster, you see. I wasn't, at least. The
jann is the monster, and if I don't feed that jann, it will
feed on my dreams. And haven't I dreamed enough?

I have no need of food or drink, although drink
comforts me somewhat. I know that to drink this stuff
is forbidden by the Prophet, peace be upon him, but I
think I am beyond hope now. I can walk through
dreams invisible. I have power now. I think I made out
better than the jann in the end.

But the jann brought its fears with it, you know.
The creature has nightmares too. They are formless
and indistinct, but they all involve that howl in the
desert. Even monsters know fear, even the creatures of
Hell are afraid to go looking in the dark. I am braver
than the monster. I won the battle — I have not lost
my freedom.

eee

Ahmed finished his story and then quaffed his
drink almost triumphantly. I shook my head. I could
have verified his story, if]'d wanted, but I already knew
what had happened.

I thanked him for his story and left. I waited for
him outside; he left about a half hour later. I followed
him, wearing the wolf form, just to make sure. |
should have just ambushed him in the parking lot —
creeping around Cairo at night is nuts — but | wanted
to see it for myself.

I got to watch a few blocks later. He stopped at an
apartment building, looked up, and nodded. I could see
the conversation in his head — he was making agree-
ments with the Bane. He looked around to make sure
he was alone (completely missed me, but then I'm not
easy to spot) and then stepped into the Umbra.

I followed him. He looked about the same, only
his skin was a little redder. He was clawing his way up
the side of the building. I changed to Hispo form and
jumped at him. He landed underneath me. | felt
bones give.

I'd never seen a fomor in the Umbra before. I could
see the Bane that had him squirming around under his
skin. He looked horrified and for one crazy second | was
thinking, "How come he doesn't recognize me?" He
managed to gasp out "What are you?"

Possessed


Icouldn't exactly answer him normally, so I spoke
to his mind. And I answered him so he and the Bane
would both know their numbers were up.

"T am the howl in the desert," I said. Then I took
his throat out.

The Bane tried to flee, but we Striders aren't
known to be slow. I don't know if it's gone for good,
but I do know it was good and scared when I caught
up with it.

So that's the story. No world-shaking elders or
giant dragons. No ancient vampires or/anything like

that. Just a guy named Ahmed who let his fear get the
better of him. I think maybe he could have saved
himself. Taken a vacation with his wife. Gone to a
doctor. Prayed really hard, hell, I don't know. Maybe
Once it starts, there is no way to stop it, short of killing
the Bane. But that's a damned depressing thought.
You know, I can't blame Ahmed. Everybody's got
buttons. Most of us ate lucky enough that some Wyrm-
spirit doesn't decide to push them. Most of us don't
ever have to go looking for the thing in the dark.

Legends of the Garou: Cry for Help


Qe oh 2g soe eas eri So ae eel

Orly owt

Authors: Chris Campbell, Matthew McFarland & Matthew McFarland wishes to thank Chris
Colin Suleiman. Werewolf created by Mark Horvath, Kimmaree Horvath, Tiffany Jendruch, Ally

Rein® Hagen. Chilson, and Michael Goodwin for their input and

Storyteller game system designed by MarkRein®Hagen —5S!Stance-
Development & Additional Material: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: John Cobb, Langdon Foss, Jeff Holt, Steve Prescott,

Ron Spencer

Cover Art: Ron Spencer

Layout, Typesetting and Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

1904 LITTON DR.
p STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

WHITE WOLF] USA

GAME STUDIO

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the
Great War, Trinity, Book of the Wyrm, Book of the Weaver, Book of the Wyld, Sorcerer Revised, Demon
the Fallen, Year of the Damned, Werewolf Storytellers Handbook, Freak Legion and Possessed are trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are
copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not achallenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

J imams: ee

|

,

.

A Player's Guide

Confertt

Legend of the Garow: Cry for Prof

Sofroduction: Tio ade One

Dapper Tio: Perfection (Drones)

Dapper Three: Mie Gfighar (Cbrgons)

Capper Fw: Jofbed to Fjath (Character Cheaplon)
Appewdbe: Powers and Tabokt

Contents

"angles sacane:ihors amma

ae

108

11


So what you're telling me is the Weaver and Wyld are
making their own fomori, too? Jesus. That's all we need.
— King Jonas Albrecht

Ever since the Sundering, the worlds of spirit and
flesh have been held apart by the Gauntlet. Each world
grew accustomed to the separation, and where once
the two were all but identical, now each has become its
own entity, populated by its own residents. Those who
dwell in the physical world live out their lives without
any true contact with the spirit plane; some feel a
longing for a half-remembered unity, or even seek out
contact with a greater universe, but most simply live in
ignorance. And the creatures of the spirit world watch
them in turn, feeding on their emotions and actions,
remolding the spirit world to match its inaccessible
twin. For the most part, these spirits are as powerless to
affect the physical world as mortals are able to interact
with the Umbra; the two worlds reflect each other and
still mirror one another, but the Gauntlet holds firm.

But sometimes something leaks through. Some-
times something wriggles through the Gauntlet from
the other side of reality and finds itself a home in the
land of the flesh. A spirit manages to seep into a
physical host that has somehow become more "open"
— most often a human, but not always — and begins
a new relationship. Spirit and flesh become one

Introduction: Two Made One

aaa cle eee teen ceimincen ee comm:

again, a strange new gestalt of material intellect and
spiritual drive.

They are servants of the Wyrm, and the carefully
"assembled" operatives of the Weaver. They are the
surreal manifestations of the Wyld, and the rarest of
supernatural allies for the Gaian cause.

They are the possessed.

Nore flan Fy Firnoré

When a spirit using the Charm: Possession inhab-
its a material body, it's not a temporary joyride. Posses-
sion is a lengthy process that winds up infusing a
measure of the spirit's power into its host body, power
that can change the host in unusual ways. The host
may be outwardly unchanged, but empowered with
strange and potent psychic abilities. Conversely, the
host's body may mutate into a parody of its former
shape, with freakish powers and debilitating weak-
nesses that exaggerate the changes it's gone through.
The host usually retains most of its free will — and in
most cases, may not really understand what has hap-
pened to it. But sometimes the spirit is able to exert

ee

total control, and uses its host body as a tool for
interacting with the formerly off-limits physical world.

The Garou are already intimately familiar with
the most common sort of possessed entity — fomori,
the results of Banes possessing mortal hosts. Through-
out history, the Wyrm's spirit servants have found it
most economical to possess human (and rarely animal)
hosts in order to carry out their superiors' agendas in
the physical world. Hosts are plentiful and expendable
— perfect shock troops. Many can also operate among
human society more easily than werewolves can — a
point of versatility that has served the Wyrm's spirit
hierarchy well. When a werewolf thinks of a spirit
possessing a human host, the first image that pops into
his head is inevitably that of the fomor.

But although the fomori are far and away the
most common instance of spirits possessing mortal
flesh, they aren't alone. Wyld-spirits sometimes take
on animal, plant or even mineral hosts — never
humans — for their own incomprehensible purposes.
These entities, the gorgons, appear so haphazardly
and rarely that most Garou are unaware that they
even exist. The Weaver's spirit servants have re-
cently decided to get in on the act, as well. When a
Weaver-spirit is bound into a human form, the result
is a perfect servant of merciless order, a Drone. The
Drones are a recent wrinkle — the first were reported
at the end of the 20th century — but they are proving
quite effective, almost as useful as shapeshifter ser-
vants and without any of the messy individualism.

Thankfully, a fourth type of spirit/flesh entity also
walks the physical world — the Kami, hybrids of Gaian
spirit and mortal form. The "fomori of Gaia," as a few
bemused Garou put it, are far rarer than the Changing
Breeds would like. Only a handful actively work to
better the welfare of the Earth Mother, often without
the help of the various shapeshifter races. They are
probably too few to have a lasting effect on the final
war— but the mere fact that they exist at all is a much-
needed sign of hope.

Dowsnance avd Sibmkilon

While the possessed seem to enjoy great power,
they are in many ways much worse off than ordinary
people. The spirit in a possessed character doesn't rule
his every action, but neither can he be free of it.
Sometimes the spirit's presence brings horrible super-
natural side effects with it; mortal flesh can't always
bear the burden of spirit, and the result is Taint.

A possessed character is a study in duality. The
spirit has its own agenda or programming, and even if
the host is wholly sympathetic to the spirit's goals, he
can't devote himself to the spirit's mentality with the


same focus. Not all fomori want to be the soldiers of
the Wyrm. Not all gorgons are content with the
changes that have come over them. Not all Drones
wanted to submerge their individuality so completely.
Only the Kami seem to have a true measure of peace
between their two natures, and even then one must
wonder if their mortal hosts suffer any doubts. The
spirit may grow frustrated with the host's fleshly
imperfections, while the host may rebel against the
dominant urges of the spirit. In many cases, the host
never really understands why he's different, where his
new urges come from.

If werewolves are a study in savage horror, in
animalistic anger that cannot ever be fully escaped,
the possessed can be a study in personal horror. In
particular, fomori and Drones brought the attention of
the spirits on themselves with their behavior and
urges. When the devil's deal of possession was offered,
they likely never knew what it was they were being
handed, or what would happen if they accepted. In
their own way, they're as much victim as willing pawn,
often more so. When a fomor embraces violence and
atrocity as all that's left for him, the circle comes
complete — he's fallen to a damnation he never knew
he was looking for.

Phuawon

What opens up a mortal host to possession? The
answer varies greatly from host to host, but it usually
comes down to a prolonged moment of weakness.
Banes are attracted to human (and more rarely, ani-
mal) suffering, and a person with a low sense of self-
esteem or a lack of strong morals is all the more
enticing. The finest target for a Bane is abjectly miser-
able, and prone to take out his frustrations on other
people — thus spreading even more of the delicious
anguish that is a Bane's meat and drink. Such targets
are also more susceptible to possession because they
often grasp around for anything that would make their
situation better — ina way, they invite the Bane in. Of
course, some strong-willed Banes enjoy possessing
people who live otherwise happy, successful lives, so
that they can savor the pollution of innocence. But for
the most part, it's the morally and spiritually weak who
draw the Banes in.

Drones are rather different. Where a Bane has
the autonomy to choose its own potential host,
Weaver-spirits are much more limited; the process of
possession is more akin to surgery, with more power-
ful Weaver-spirits carefully placing the spiritstuff of
lesser spirits into the host. Generally, the person who
becomes a Drone opens himself to the OneSong, the
constant spiritual transmission between Weaver-spir-

Introduction: Two Made One

eV

Sewestinermermsweseren.remeesidtN nei mee

its that can be subliminally heard in certain places in
the mortal world. When a mortal has made sufficient
contact, the Weaver-spirits draw him in and reweave
his very being, implanting spirit matter into him and
making him a Drone in a process roughly translated
as "Clarification."

Kami and gorgons are even stranger entities, given
that they aren't really created by the same process of
possession — at least, not with human hosts. Gorgons
are never created from human host bodies; Wyld-
spirits find humans far too Weaver-touched for their
purposes. Kami, on the other hand, aren't really the
result of an individual spirit possessing a host. They are
the most mysterious of all the earthbound spirits,
created by an enigmatic process that most Garou
cannot define further than "Gaia's Will." If the ex-
amples of the other possessed are anything to go on, a
Kami from human stock might be created when a
human attains a rare and wondrous rapport with the
spiritual nature of Gaia's grace. If such is the case, then
perhaps there's yet more hope for humanity than many
Garou assume.

The term "possessed" is used throughout this
book in amore. specifié sense than the word
actually implies. Here»we use it as'a general term
for peoplesanimals or even things possessed by
spitits using the Possession Charm (Werewolf, pg:
239), that manifest supernatural powers or even
physical changes as a result of the symbiotic rela-
tionship. There:are other ways to be "possessed,"
but for the purposes of this book, assume that our
use of the term refers specifically to fomori, Drones,
gorgons.and Kami unless otherwise stated,

Common Traub

Each possessed character is, to some extent, unique:
a blend of mortal peculiarities and a mix of supernatu-
ral powers that can seem almost random. In some cases,
a war-fomor can seem to have more in common with
a furious gorgon than with an Enticer. However, a few
ground rules can be established:

© Soaking Damage: The possessing spirit's power
sometimes fortifies the mortal host, giving it super-
natural resilience — but not always. The ability to soak
damage should be directly relevant to the type of spirit
bound into the host, and the general purpose the
hybrid form serves. Asa general rule, possessed charac-
ters with any physical mutations can soak bashing and
lethal damage as normal, and aggravated damage at
difficulty 8. Those designed for war (generally those

5

— a

cases eminent mais anna aintioniemimmemaa

cai i a aa aaa a

with at least two or three physical powers designed for
combat) usually soak aggravated damage at difficulty
6.. Those with purely mental or psychic alterations
probably soak as mortals.

¢ Delirium: Possession does not necessarily con-
vey immunity to the Delirium, at least for fomori or
Kami. All Drones are considered immune to the De-
lirium (the terror-inducing racial memory is a flaw that
is written out during the Clarification process), and
gorgons invariably take host bodies other than hu-
mans, and are therefore not subject to a human failing.
Fomoriand Kami with human hosts who do not possess
the Immunity to the Delirium power react to De-
lirium-inducing stimuli (such as Crinos Garou) as
appropriate for their Willpower rating.

¢ Healing: Most possessed heal as do mortals,
unless they possess the power: Regeneration. Drones
are the exception, healing with the speed of a
shapeshifter in a regenerating form.

Far more often than not, possession is irrevocable
short of the host's death. In the process of inhabiting
the host, the spirit makes itself part of the host; it
extends its being throughout the host body in order to
empower the gestalt with its particular powers. If the
body is slain, the spirit is freed — small consolation to
the host.

It's exceedingly difficult to separate spirit from
flesh without destroying the host. The Gift: Exorcism
(Werewolf, pg. 139) can split a gorgon or fomor's
possessing spirit apart from the host, but this causes
great injury to the host body (a good estimate would be
the equivalent of ten health levels of unsoakable
damage). Immediate and effective medical attention is
necessary within the turn to save the host's life. The
Gurahl, the masters of healing, were said to know
rituals or Gifts that might more easily undo possession,
but this is really little more than conjecture.

Drones and Kami are even more tightly integrated
mixes of spirit and flesh. The spirit portion of such
entities isn't even technically a single autonomous
entity, and so Exorcism is ineffective. The supernatu-
ral equivalent of full-body neurosurgery would be nec-
essary to remove all the spiritstuff without injuring the
host body, and such a healing technique is little more
than the stuff of legends.

Even so, it's said that nothing is truly impossible.
The Garou that discovered a reliable way to cure
fomori, or to undo the effects of Clarification, would be
a great hero to all her kin.

1

a

Temporary Fewason

The state of being temporarily possessed, until the
spirit is either exorcised or chooses to leave, is a staple
of movies and books. However, the Possession Charm
doesn't really allow for that sort of thing; it's aone-way
street. Once a mortal is possessed, they largely stay that
way until dead, at which point the spirit is ejected.
Although that's the only way for a spirit to manifest
powers through a mortal host, Storytellers may want to
run a more classic possession story. To that effect, the
following spirit Charm offers a way to create less
permanent bonds between spirit and host.

¢ Domination: The spirit may possess a living
being without forging the permanent bond that cre-
ates a fomor or similar entity. Domination requires a
successful Gnosis roll (difficulty of the victim's Will-
power). The number of successes equals the speed with
which domination occurs as per the following chart:

Successes Time Taken
1 six hours
2 three hours
3 one hour
4 15 minutes
5 five minutes

6+ instantaneous

During the time it takes to possess its victim, the
spirit must find a dark, isolated part of the Umbra
(usually a Blight) and remain there, concentrating on
the Charm. During this time, the spirit can take no
other action; if it engages in combat, the link is broken.

A dominating spirit can influence the host to take
any action appropriate to the spirit — a Lust-Bane
might encourage a host to attack an attractive woman,
and so on. The host may resist these suggestions by
winning a contested Willpower roll with the spirit.
The spirit may also make a contested Willpower roll to
speak through the host's mouth (if the host is capable
of speech). The spirit may abandon the host at any
time, although the process of disengaging takes a full
turn during which the spirit cannot defend itself.

Flow fo Uke Tht Book

Although Possessed is not a stand-alone book
(the Werewolf rulebook is required for play), it is
meant to compile almost everything needed to under-
stand and use the spirit-flesh gestalt entities that roam
the World of Darkness. The various Triatic books
(Book of the Wyrm, Book of the Weaver, Book of
the Wyld) naturally provide additional insight into
the cosmological patrons of fomori, Drones and gorgons,

Possessed

cierimimetians


as well as potential allies for each. The older Black Dog
supplement Freak Legion: A Players Guide to Fomori
may also offer ideas for a fomori-focused game. None of
these supplements are necessary, but each may prove
useful at painting the larger picture of the cosmology
behind the possessed.

Although this book is largely aimed at Storytell-
ers, players will also find rules for creating characters
that are, if not quite balanced with Garou characters,
roughly balanced with one another. Like playing Kin-
folk or Fera, playing a possessed character can prove an
interesting change of pace. Ask your Storyteller's
permission first, though; not all chronicles will be ideal
for a player-run fomor or gorgon.

Storytellers, of course, can use this book to create
antagonists (and allies) for a chronicle, and in what-
ever other creative fashion they find appropriate. If a
particular power or Taint seems like just the thing to
make a Black Spiral Dancer enemy truly memorable,
why not go ahead and add it, even if the Dancer isn't
really a fomor? It might be a Gift, a mutation spawned
by Balefire, a debilitating supernatural birth defect —
whatever would make sense for the character. If the
mechanics would be useful to represent something
else, go right ahead and use them.

Possessed is broken down as follows:

Legends of the Garou: Cry for Help offers a
glimpse at the process of possession, and how not all
fomor are born from bloodlust or given to war.

Chapter One: Wretched Worms takes a long
look at the shocktroopers of the Wyrm, the fomori.
However, there's much more variety to these blasphe-

ee, ee

mous hybrids of Bane and flesh than one might think;
fomori are all the more dangerous when they're subtle,
and some might yet seek redemption. Whether they
find it or not, however, isn't solely up to them.

Chapter Two: Perfection details the Drones, the
result of the Weaver's infusing human hosts with spirit
matter in order to create ever more suitable servitors.
Guidelines for supernatural Drones (which don't play
by the rules of ordinary "possessed") are also included.

Chapter Three: Wild Effigies covers the gorgons,
the result of the fusion of a Wyld-spirit with an animal,
plant or even mineral host. Neither ally nor enemy to
the Garou Nation, the gorgons are a wild card that can
help or hinder any pack.

Chapter Four: Spirits of the Earth provides a
treatment of the Kami, who are more often than not
allies to the Changing Breeds. Even so, they keep their
own counsel, so much so that the Garou don't even
know for certain how the Kami come to be — they see
the hand of Gaia's involvement, but little else.

Chapter Five: Clothed in Flesh deals with char-
acter creation, should the players and Storyteller be
interested in playing a game with one or more pos-
sessed characters under player control. The rules pre-
sented here should allow players to create characters
roughly balanced with each other (if not necessarily
with shapeshifters).

Finally, the Appendix lists all the various powers
and Taints that a player or Storyteller might need to
create whatever possessed character suits the chronicle's
needs. Some of these powers are highly potent, but be
warned — none of them are free.

Introduction: Two Made One 17

ESSE



"There were eyes peering up at me through splits in the
flesh of my fingers. And even as I watched the flesh was
dilating, retreating, as they pushed their mindless way up to
the surface. But that was not what made me scream. I had

looked into my own face and seen a monster."
— Stephen King, "I Am The Doorway"

Introduction: The Wyrm burrows into everything.
Humans, spirits, animals — nothing escapes the grasp of
destruction and decay in the end. In the old days, before the
Wyrm changed from Balancer to Corrupter, this was a
natural and expected part of the cycle.

Since that change, however, the Wyrm's timing has
been off. Sometimes the decay starts... early. Sometimes a
Bane wriggles into a living being and reshapes that being's
flesh to serve its own needs. The host is sometimes willing,
often not, but in either case he can do little but watch as he
becomes something else. It is this "something else" — the
deformed and tortured foot soldiers of the Wyrm — that
concerns this work.

The bulk of this work was written by Julia Waterford,
Kin to the Glass Walkers andacoordinator at the Valkenberg
Foundation. She is probably one of the most knowledgeable
people in the world regarding fomori and the processes by
which they breed. Also, her continued contact with the
Questing Packs that have served Valkenberg over the last 20

years affords her the opportunity to keep abreast of develop-
ments across the world in the fight against the Wyrm.

For those who don't know, the Questing Pack changes
regularly. Its chief function is to track down and incarcerate
Lunatic Garou for transport to the Foundation (where they
are held until such time as they can accept their lot in life) .
The Pack is comprised of young Garou, usually cliath, who
either do not have ahome sept or have chosen, for whatever
reason, to leave in search of glory elsewhere. Since these
packs are always multi-tribal, they bring unique views and
insights to the Foundation, and therefore to Ms. Waterford' s
work. The reader will find testimonials from members of the
most recent Questing Pack throughout this work, as well as
notes from Garou that the pack encountered in their
travels. As the reader may know, I was once part of the
Valkenberg Foundation, and I found the Questing Pack, in
any incarnation, to be capable and intelligent.

I hope this work is edifying and useful for any Garou
— I certainly found it so.

Yours, Victor Helms

Chapter One: Wretched Worms 19

NE rr rag

|

2am reine poner Greene Src em AU SLA ERED RVD

While the focus here at the Valkenberg Foundation
is ostensibly on Lunatics — those unfortunate Garou
whose minds are shattered by the First Change — over
the years the various Questing Packs have come into
contact with a host of Wyrm-creatures in their travels.
As the only member of the Foundation staff that re-
mains from before the "Puppeteer" incident, I have had
the opportunity to speak with and learn from every
Questing Pack from the late 1980s onward. Although I
am not Garou, I do feel that I have the knowledge and
the data to present this work — a compilation, if you
will, on fomori. Interspersed throughout are comments
and reports from various members of the recently-
disbanded Questing Pack, as well as other Garou, on the
subject. As the newest Questing Pack has yet to under-
take a mission, I have not included them in this report.

The Patlat

And what is a fomor? How exactly to define this
ancestral foe, the villain of so many tales through the
millennia, in clear and analytical language? All available
evidence points towards this definition: A fomor (plural
fomori) isasymbiotic merger ofa human being (or, rarely,
an animal) and a Bane. From there, it is sometimes
possible to break down fomori into "breeds" based on
what kind of Bane does the possessing and what kinds of
alterations they tend tomake. However, the vast majority
of fomori are unique — a Bane possesses a human and
remakes the flesh as it sees fit (often with some help from
the host's subconscious mind, it seems).

Fomori exhibit all manner of bizarre and often
gruesome mutations. Reports from the Questing Pack
and other Garou with whom they've shared stories
include fomori who spit poison, grow claws, stretch
and distend their limbs, and even possess prehensile,
barbed tongues. However, reports also filter in of
fomori who look completely human, but can cause
insanity and nightmares in their targets. Some fomori
can apparently even "step sideways," entering the
Umbra in the same manner as Garou. Of course, since
fomori aren't always easily identifiable as such, it is
possible that some of these reports are of creatures of a
different stripe entirely.

Detecting fomori, in fact, is one of the greatest
challenges of facing them. While reports from isolated
locales — the Amazon War in particular — paint
fomorias slavering, hideous monsters, in urban centers
they are somewhat better hidden. While many Garou
can, of course, detect the presence of the Wyrmnearby,
ifafomor is hiding in a crowd of people, it is much more
likely that he will see you before you detect him.

From this rather clinical preamble, the reader might
see the danger that fomori present, but not the horror.

20
:

Any Garou or Kin who reads this needs to understand
that lam neither writer nor poet. I ama doctor, and try
to present this information without bias.

But that is impossible. Allow me a personal mo-
ment here, so that I may relate why I undertook this task
to begin with. Just under a year ago, a Questing Pack
returned from an assignment to retrieve what seemed to
be a Lunatic in Amarillo, Texas. They came back with
a young man who broke into cold sweats every time the
moon rose, writhed in pain when anyone approached
him with silver, and would only eat raw meat. He also,
according to the Theurge of the pack, bore a faint trace
of Wyrm taint. Believing him to be a lost cub struggling
with his Garou nature, we allowed him to stay. He
remained at the facility only one night.

After the alarm rang in the dead of night, I found
his room empty. He had torn the door from the hinges,
but had not escaped immediately. He had smashed in
the nearest door and attacked a young Garou we had
brought to the Foundation only a month before. She
had been making some progress, I think. She has been
catatonic ever since. When I entered the room, his
back was to me, but it was obvious from the position of
his body what he was doing to her.

He was laughing triumphantly. When I screamed,
he turned with a look of pure joy on his face, and thanked
me for bringing him here so that he could "play."

I have not slept well since that night, and that is
my one and only first-hand experience with fomori.
Please understand that words on paper mean nothing.
You might learn what a fomor does by reading this, but
you will not truly learn what a fomor does until you see
it. And may Gaia grant that you never do.

Gyre?

Can fomori be cured? That is acommon question,
especially among the more rescue-oriented Questing
Pack. To date, the only proven method of separating
the Bane from its host is to kill the host. The Bane is
then set free (and usually tries to flee the area). Truly
adept Theurges are able to separate the host and the
spirit, but has the unfortunate effect of killing the host
in the process (and, often, discorporating the Bane).

I will discuss the possession process — and ways of
disrupting it — below, but I felt it necessary to include
these notes early in this work. A Garou confronted by a
fomor, especially a human-born Garou, might well feel
guilt or sorrow over having to kill a human being who,
in all likelihood, did not ask for their lot. To that, I can
only say: The feelings are commendable, but do not let
them slow your claws. A moment's hesitation can mean
injury or death, as fomori are anything but predictable.

Possessed

ciation

|


Panes

The spiritual children of the Wyrm come in count-
less varieties. Some are tied to concepts like greed, lust,
and wrath, and are therefore familiar to humans and
homid werewolves. Others are perversions of elemen-
tal spirits haunting smog-filled skies or polluted water-
ways, while still others — the most powerful — are
Umbral horrors that have no physical counterparts.

Typically, it is the first type of Bane that produces
fomori. While most Banes are capable of possession,
there is a very important difference between simply
taking over a person's body fora time and merging with
it. Often, it is the "emotional" Banes that understand
humans well enough to possess them permanently.
JSpawolag Croyndt

Where do Banes come from? That's something not
even the most learned Theurges are qualified to answer,
so I certainly won't try to offer a definitive answer.
Instead, I will pass on reports from the field, so to speak.

Banes appear in areas that nourish them. Large
factories usually spawn "elemental" Banes — nourished
by sludge and smog, they grow fat and powerful. Such
factories have higher-than-average accident rates, as
the machinery therein tends to resist attempts at mak-
ingitrun more efficiently. That too many accidents may
eventually lead to the closing of the place doesn't occur
to the Bane — Banes, particularly the lower Gafflings
and Jagglings, are notoriously shortsighted. If they can
eat today by poisoning, tainting, or otherwise destroying
life, they don't care that it might prevent them from
eating tomorrow. When the food dries up, they move
on. Elemental Banes usually aren't far from a food source
no matter where they go, lamentably.

"Emotional" Banes, those that feed off of human
emotions, don't feed in quite the same way. A Bane that
feeds on lust, for example, might haunt a pornography
theater, but even then, it's not the theater that feeds the
creature, it's the people who visit it. Such Banes usually
latch onto a person who feels the given emotion espe-
cially keenly and sit curled up on his soul like a leech,
waiting for the well to run dry. This means that anyone,
anyone, is susceptible simply by having a bad day. Walk-
ing around angry can indeed attract an anger-Bane.

The proverbial well does not always run dry, how-
ever. Some people actually seem to feed off the Bane; as
it feeds on the host's anger (for example) the host gets
angrier, which in turn makes the Bane stronger. I have
no idea whether the human or the Bane is ultimately
responsible for changing a parasitic relationship into a
symbiotic one. I dearly hope it is the Bane.

a, ee

Dy vertu Ruri,

Steven Kensington, called Sings-With-the-Wind,
is a. Theurge- of the Children of Gaia and a former
Questing Garou: During his time with the Questing
Pack, he made it a point to observe and'combat Banes
of all stripes, s0:1 asked for his input on/the difference
between'possessors in the city and those in the country:
Steven himself is originally from Seattle.

I've seenBanes'in borh urban and rural-areas
latch on to people and stay with them. You'd think
that folks who live in the country,would be able to
throw off thé Bane's influence-more easily ——after
all, the area they live im is theoretically more
"pure". and"on the, whole,..countty folk \aren't
Caught up in the all the uniiecessary bullshit that
city people are.

The problem though, is that in the city, there
are millions of people fora Bane to choose from,
and that tends to shorten their attentién span. In
ayhost whose. attention wavers from whatever
activityor feeling is feeding the Bane might cause
itto break offiandfind somebody else — after all,
there's. probably somebody"nearby feeling' what
the Bane wants, In the country, though, since the
population's so much lower, the Banes tend tobe
a bit more resolute. That means that if you finda
Bane perched on somé guy's shoulder in the city,
you-can probably scare it off easily, Inthe cotintry,
that Bane will be dug\in like\a' tick: and you'll
probably have'a fight én your hands.

Zschatsor

Banes act in accordance with their dominant emo-
tional focus. An anger-Bane will be rash and violent,
whereas a lust-Bane will likely hide and watch rather than
take an active role in events. Once any kind of Bane has
possessed a person — remember that possession does not
automatically create a fomor — it will usually only relin-
quish its hold if it feels that it is in direct danger. This isnot
thesame thingas the host being in direct danger, however.

A Bane can survive the death of its host. This is true
in both cases of simple possession and in cases of fomori.
The difference is that a possessing Bane can release its host
at any time and flee, whereas a Bane that has melded with
a host to form a fomor can only escape if its host is killed.

If a Bane is "freed" by the death of its fomori body,
it will likely retreat to the Umbra to regain its strength.
Sometimes it plots vengeance on the persons respon-
sible, but few Banes think that far ahead. More often,
the Bane returns to the physical world to start searching
for a new host, often unaware that anything happened.

Chapter One: Wretched Worms 21

oe a

ENS

|


More powerful Banes, however, might attack those
responsible immediately. Some, instead of attacking,
follow the guilty parties and strike when they are vulner-
able — often by possession. Steven advises that after
killing a powerful fomor, a pack should undergo a Rite
of Cleansing as soon as possible (likewise, the Rite

should be performed on the body as well, just to be safe).

NWoftiafron

What does a Bane want? I'm afraid that speculating on the
motives of Wyrm-spinits is well beyond my capability , but Steven
(Sings-With-The-Wind) has agreed to offer his opinions:

Banes are fairly autonomous. That means that
you're more likely to encounter a/swarm of similar
Banes acting in concert because they'te all focused on
the same thing than to find a bunch of Banes underthe
control of one big Daddy Bane. Sometimes you find.a
more powerful Bane acting as a general, but if you see
that, call for backup. You'll need it.

The typical Bane that feeds off human misery wants
tokeep feeding. I liken them to the kind ofthe worms that
live in an animal's intestinal tract: They don't want the
host dead, they want the host healthy (orat least to keep
doing what it's doing) so that they can continue t6 feed.
Unfortunately, since Banes tend to feed off destructive
emotions, they'll often run their meal tickets into the
ground. Someone who's angry all the time is a powder keg.
The Bane might decide to lessen its influence oceasion-
ally, so that this poor guy is walking around with a frown
and a growl but never quite gets angry enough to blow,
Instead, his stomach acid keeps churning until he gets!an
ulcer or he finally gets somad at the world that he snaps.
Either way, he's no use to the Bane anymoreyso the Bane
soaks up what it can and finds another host. OtherBanes
might decide to urge their hosts on to even lower depths
of angst, riding them as they burn out, and then laughing
as they destroy themselves.

Either way, the motivation for Banes is simply sel
perpetuation. They want to survive and feed, but don't
take that the wrong way. They may just want to survive,
but for them "survival" means "mutilating and corrupting
asoul." I don't think that this corruption is a by-product
of the way they survive. That, at least, I could empathize
with, ifnot forgive. I think that their survival just happens
to depend on their ultimate purpose — twisting and
perverting human beings. I think that's what they were
designed for, as evidenced by the fact that more powerful
and complex Banes who don't focus on human directly
still work towards corruption on a larger scale.

For the most part, though, survival seems to be their
motivation, if not their ultimate purpose (and with
spirits, the "ultimate purpose" is the important thing,
anyway). They don't get much more complex than that

(not until you start talking about the more self-aware and
intelligentspirits, like Nexus Crawlers or Psychomachiae,
and I don't pretend to understand what they want!).
Sometimes, a Bane crawls into a human rather than just
riding along. What kind of human it takes to make a Bane
want to do that is something else again (Julia's note: I
discuss this below) but as for the spirit, it needs to be a very
persistent creature. Sometimes Banes initiate possession
when they feel the well running dry, perhaps figuring that
ifthey can takecontrol directly fora while, they can guide
their host backto seeking out the emotions and situations
that nourish them. Other times, the Bane gets so glutted
on thé'emotions the person is exuding that it feels it has
to get more, and burrows intotthe host's mind to find the
"pure stuff," if you will.

You can use this kind of selfishness, of course. Since
Banes are so motivated by self-preservation, some might
‘sell out Black Spirals or other more important Wyrm-
creatures if/you promise to let.them go. I wouldn't rely
solelyjon 4 Bane's word, thoughs, The bad news is that
Banes know when they've founda good deal, so although
they might panic and run if you scare them, they'll find
the samie hostagain. So yourchoicesare: destroy the Bane
(tough to do) or change the host (sometimes even
tougher). But considersif you can talk a guy down from
being angry all the time, that means that no anger-Bane
is going to have a shot at him)Even if he doesn't know
what you did for him, he'll appreciate that.

Zane ipet

As | méiitioned above, the kinds of Banes that
seem most apt to.create fomori seem to be "emotional"
Banes. Belowarea few types that Questing Garou have
reported encountering, along with some notes (where
applicable) about the sorts of fomori they create.

¢ Anger Swarm: Although it resembles a large
swarm of insects, the Anger Swarm is a single entity
with asingle intelligence. Usually found hovering over
traffic,jams)itiots, rallies, and any other place where
lots of people are venting their frustrations at the same
time, this Bane is one of the more violent and vicious
spirits that plague mankind. They do not seem able to
feed off a Garou's Rage, however, which is a mercy.
Anger Swarms apparently have short attention spans,

Anger Sian
Rage 4to 8, Gnosis 3, Willpower 4, Essence varies
Charms: Incite Frenzy, Possession, Swift Flight
Image:. Anger Swarms resemble large clouds of
gnats or flies, but if viewed up Close, no individual
"insects" can be seen. These Banes make aloud buzzing
sound; this noise raises ithe difficulty-of all Petception
tollsrelated to hearing by one in the immediate area:

22 Possessed

—_——,

Se a nee


and so create fomori rarely. When they do, however,
the resulting creatures tend to be inhumanly strong
and fast, sometimes with wicked claws or fangs.

© Whisperers: These insidious little creatures are
almost identical to Pattern Spiders — unless you turn
one over and look at its underbelly. Whisperers have
tiny, nearly-human mouths on their abdomens. They
inhabit computers, whispering to the users and guiding
them towards various kinds of Internet-born unpleas-
antness; plans for explosives, child pornography sites,
etc. Whisperers can and do create fomori; their hosts
often develop clairvoyant or telepathic powers. Some
also exhibit an affinity for Weaver-spirits.

hiterer
Rage 2, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6, Essence 13

Charms: Blighted Touch, Corruption, Pos-
session, Weaver Mask

*Weaver Mask: Whisperers look like small
Pattern' Spiders. A Garou using the Gift: Sense
Wyrm, needs three successes at. difficulty 7. to
detect any Wyrm-taint on a Whisperer.

Image: Whisperets look'like Pattern Spiders
and are rarely larger than billiard balls\(big for.a
spider, to be sure; but not surprisingly large for a
spirit)*As mentioned, they have human mouths
on the underside of theirabdomen. If revealed for
what, itstruly is, a Whisperer:will scream shrilly

through this mouth.

¢ Howling Insanities: Among the most feared Banes
in existence, these loathsome creatures can actually pos-
sess werewolves. The actual process by which this happens
is unknown — possibly it is similar to the way humans are
possessed — but once it is complete, the poor Garou has
become a creature known as a Howling Shambler. These
monsters retain their shape-shifting powers and gain
other, blasphemous abilities — legends tell of them rising
up from the moors of Scotland, their howls driving whole
villages mad. No Questing Pack has ever encountered
eitherShambleror Insanity, and while that leaves me with
little verifiable information, I must say I'm grateful for it.

Ponting lntart iat
Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7, Essence 20
Charms: Blast, Incite Frenzy, Possession
Tmage: Howling Insanities arenearly invisible:
By looking carefully, a Garou can see them — they
appearias ghostly, translucent reflections of who-

ever is looking at them: Wherever they appear,
they-bring the sound of anguished howls with them:

Sis seianinnaraaiemmnehaeiniasesaie sts Nes amas

¢ Scavenger Packs: These horrors are unique
among fomori-creating Banes in that they possess a
group of living beings (a pack of animals) in order to
pave the way to possess a human. Scavenger Packs are
visible in the Umbra as a group of similar, obviously
hostile animals (usually small vermin: rats, insects,
snakes, etc.). The Banes possess a number of animals
and then partially Materialize. A horde of rats might
include only a half dozen actual animals; the rest are
simply manifestations of the Bane itself.

Scavenger Banes are dangerous on their own, but the
fomori they create — the feared Hollow Men — are
among the most dangerous that a Garou can face. Youcan
read the Questing Pack's account of these creatures below.

JSeavenger Packt
Rage 5,,.Gnosis 6, Willpower 4, Essence' 15.
Charms:: Possession, Tracking
Image: Scavenger Packs look like hordes of
diseased or corrupted animals. These animals are
never larger than rats (an important consider-
ation, thanks to the way. they: infest"humans).
Although the'swarm is comprised of many differ-
ent animals, the Bane is only onecteature, and:can
onlyattack once per turn as usual,

© Manufactured Banes: Frighteningly enough, some
companies seem to do the Wyrm's work. King Breweries,
forexample, lost a truckload of beera few years back when
the Questing Pack, on an unrelated mission, sensed
Wyrm-taint in the truck. What they found was that at
least one can of beer in each pack, andsometimes as many
as six, housed at least a fragment of Wyrmish spiritstuff,
and in many cases a tiny Bane. One can wouldn't have
produced much of an effect, save for perhaps making the
drinker abit more aggressive. But ifaperson had emulated
the "Joe Six-Pack" character from the television com-
mercials and consumed six full cans? It's entirely possible
that that person would have opened the door to posses-
sion, and eventual transformation into a fomor.

I have seen reports of other companies whose
products house similar Banes. However, the relative
strength of the Banes is so slight that it would take
months, perhaps years, of repeated use for any posses-
sion to take place. Of course, if a person drank tainted
beer, watched tainted videos and smoked tainted ciga-
rettes... the implications are sickening.

Fiat

And what of the people who succumb to posses-
sion? Just as fomori are many and varied, so are their
hosts. However, looking at the information and reports

Chapter One: Wretched Worms 23

Saar ernaree

| f(A U2 ENN AIR EOE, CLP ED, CSTE Cc R EELS TS ELE PLEIN LORE STEN,

a SN \

we have, it becomes possible to draw some conclusions.
The jury is out, so to speak, on whether the humans who
become fomori invite their lot. Indeed, evidence to
suggest this does exist, but so does evidence to suggest
that a Bane will sometimes choose a target that is simply
weak-willed. Likewise, as | mentioned, sometimes drink-
ing the wrong brand of cola carries the risk of Bane
possession. And then some folks seem to invite posses-
sion not just by implication, but very directly.

Vict

The most unfortunate of all, of course, must be
those people chosen almost at random. Perhaps they

Marrefactred Banat

Although Julia doesn't know it, the "manufac-
tured" Banes all stem from Pentex companies: As
she stated, individually, the Banes are weak and
nearly harmless. They also have a "shelf life",
most of them fade away if not consumed or released
within a few months. However, if consumed or
otherwise "activated" by aperson (in the case of a
Bane ina videotape, watching the video — not just
playing it —would be required to release the Bane)
the spirivean sit inside the hapless human's body for
as long as the human keeps "feeding" it: Such Banes
are rarely powerful enough/to possess their hosts
fully and change them into fomori, but they do
serve two important purposes:

First, they act as "tracers." Many of these Banes
can be easily tracked and that allows their creators to
do some "market research" and figure out how many
of their Banes currently tiding around in human
hosts. Second, the more people go through life with
weak Banes in their souls, the higher the level jof
Wyrm-taint gets in a given'area. This is somewhat
akin to filling a pitcher with adrop of water ata time
—itmay take years tomake'a noticeable difference.
Once that taint reaches a certain level, however, the
damage is nearly irreparable.

These "manufactuted" Banescan create fomori,
butit happens only rarely. Such Banes aren' usually
powerful enough to do so, and even if they are; a
number of other factors work against them: The
host's, eating habits might change, or he' might
simply be resistant enough torpossession thatthe
Bane finally weakens anddies. However, a fomor
created by this sort of "manufactured" Bane typi-
éally nurses an addiction t6'the productsithat cre+
ated it, as well as subtle; destructive powers that it
uses almost unconsciously (a fomor created prima-
tily by cigarette Banes might emit odorless fumes
that makes others crave cigarettes, for example),

24 Possessed

aa ee eee

simply had a moment of weakness and succumbed to
hate or lust or anger, and in that moment a Bane took
hold and got comfortable.

The astute reader might exclaim, "But that would
make anyone a target, because virtually no one is
immune to those emotions!" And that, frighteningly, is
true. Banes do not need invitations before merging with
humans. All they seem to need is a window, a moment
of common cause to initiate the process. Some Banes
aren'tabove creating that window by riding around with
the human and feeding their simmering hatred, others
strike when the opportunity is there.

Almost any human being isa likely candidate. Banes
don't seem to care much if their host is strong or weak,
young or old, hale or sickly. I speculate that this is because
the Bane knows it will reshape the human's body as much
as necessary anyway. One consideration that Banes do
seem to have, however, is the human's life and his place
within it. That is, how many people depend on the
person? Is he or she a parent? A teacher? An employer
responsible for the welfare of others? If so, then changing
the host into a fomor will invariably result in disaster for
anyone close to him — and this kind of corruptive
breakdown is exactly what the Bane (and the Wyrm)
wants. Some Banes even choose children as hosts, often
from neighborhoods that force the child to abandon
innocence early (which seems to make possession easier).
A child fomor is among the most horrifying foes a Garou
will ever face, because the Garou must recognize that
somewhere beneath the innocent veneer, a Bane has
latched hold of and completely desecrated a young soul.

Human beings are complex. Whena human causes
misery, the possible motives are endless and rarely does
a human act against his fellows simply to hurt them (as
naive as I'm sure that sounds). More often, destructive
acts are born of selfishness, greed, or anger; but even
still, a man who mugs a woman might be doing it to
feed his own children. Does this validate his actions?
No, but it does present a problem for others seeking to
judge him — his intent was not to cause suffering.

This is not true of Banes. Their intent is to cause
suffering, and to cause as much of it as possible. It is what
they are, it is as natural to them as breathing or eating to
us. So when a Bane chooses to slither into a person and
beget a fomor, the Bane will choose a person through
whom it can cause as much misery as possible. This
means that homeless drifters don't become fomori as
often as people with families and friends. When a Bane
does choose a "nobody," it usually has its reasons,
however — having no familial connections means the
fomori may lash out at anyone and everyone around it,
and will be much harder to trace by mundane means.

|


Pokoned

As touched on above, some consumer products
can open the way for Bane infestation. However, there
is simply no way to pinpoint what types of people
might be at risk. Obviously, those who eat fast food and
immerse themselves in mass-produced entertainment
and goods have greater chances of ingesting a Bane
than those who eat only organic foods and who live as
hermits, but that doesn't do the average person a lot of
good. I would assert, if I might be so bold, that it falls
to Garou to be constantly on the lookout for Wyrm-
taint masked by corporate logos — this kind of corrup-
tion is the most unjust and insidious of all, and only the
Garou are in any position to do anything about it.

Even worse, if tainted product nudges a host towards
behaviors that Banes find attractive, the host might find
himself under a double-pronged attack, both from the
Banes he is ingesting and the ones he is unconsciously
attracting. It's a rather bleak scenario, and again, I think
that it demands attention whenever possible.

ee

DLererving?

I would assert that no one deserves to become a fomor.
A man who beats his wife is detestable, surely, but that
doesn't mean that he deserves to have an obscene spirit
teshape his mind and body. However, it does seem as
though some hosts "bring it upon themselves," so to speak.

As mentioned above, Banes initiate a self-per-
petuating cycle. Host feeds Bane, Bane exudes emo-
tion, emotion inspires host. But it has to start some-
where. People who allow themselves to be ruled by
negative emotions — those who are always angry or
hateful — are prime candidates for Bane possession
simply because they make it easy. These types of
people, however, tend to attract Banes who take the
path of least resistance, so the fomori they generate
aren't as powerful or subtle. It is these sorts of people
who become the stuff of Garou war stories, the hideous,
oozing monsters that throw themselves at Garou,
almost as though trying to end it all.

Titled Fite

Zoe McKenna, also called Brigid's Noble Soul,
related her experience with a fomor — just shortly after
her First'Change ~to me I thought it was appropriate
to include here, as it sheds some light on the sort of person
susceptible topossession. Zoé isan Ahroun Of the Fianna,
originally from New.‘Englandy although ‘these experi-
ences took place in Ohio.

I went through my,First*Change in college —
late, I know: It took nearly a month for anybody to
track me down, and asit happened, it was a Questing
Pack. By that timeyl'd learned how-to control my
shapeshifting, but I had no idea'what'l was.or about
the Wyrm or anything like that. So needless to say,
when the Pack foundmeand | told themabour Crazy
Preacher Man, ‘they were pretty impressedi

The guy hung out on the QSU campus all the time.
He handed out tracts and yelled at girls dressed too
skimpily or basically anybody. who hung out at Insomnia
(Julia's Note: an off-campus coffee shop)A couple times
the cops came:and'got him, but he Was just a crazy old
man, Harmless. Always yelling aboutJestsand how Jesus
could save youif.you let him. 1 hadn't been to. church
since I got to college, so l used to-think that it was'kind
of cool that he believed so strongly; even if he was nuts.

And thenone day he attackedsme:

Now,I'd hadsa bad week anyway. This was just
after the Change hit, so people were avoiding me
and I'm thinking\I've gone crazy. My. boyfriend
hadn't'spoken to:me — this was before.I foundut

about the Curse and all, so I'm totally in the dark
about what's got everyone so freaked about me —
and the papers have stories‘about.a "wild dog loose
in a grocery store." ] was walking across campus and
T heard Crazy Preachér Man yelling again, and 1
started getting pissed (I hadn't really felt much else
in afewdays); And then] saw him running towards
me. He hadca tire iron in his hand and was yelling,
"The Beast must be die! The wicked must be pun-
ished!" Stuff like that. He hit.me before | could
move;and knocked me down. Then he fell‘on top of
me. Heswas beating me with) the tire iron and
slapping me»across the face, screaming, "Repent,
whore!" I'saw that he was foaming atthe mouth, and
T could smell it — it smelled like'heer-piss and rot.

That was the second time I Changed) and | don't
think he knew what had happened. I-changed up
into Crinos and flung him against a building, and he
kind of slid down to the ground, dying, oozing blood
out-of his mouth. Idon't think anyone saw me that
timé; inthe paper, they said it was‘a hit-and-run.

When I got home, there were little blue spots on
my Clothes (I picked themup and took them with me)
and on my skin where he touched me. [had to scrub
for hours to get them out. They looked like mold.

That guy didn't have any faith. Whathe had was
a Bible and a hard-on. He'saw the world/and saw'so
much sin that he opened the door to.a Bane. How's
that for irony?

Chapter One: Wretched Worms 25

, peemmmnmnai age sec saya ee

ff PLDI ELE ET TE SIE CLA EA DY EE NEI S CY

|

These people can come from any walk of life, of
course. A common thread is frustration — whether with
life, society, family, lack of family, whatever — the host
is fed up. Holding emotion inside and expressing it only
through contempt or rage is also common. Hosts like this
walk around harboring the exact disregard for life that
Banes thrive on, so when people like this get possessed, it
tends to be a quick (but by no means painless) process.

Autwed batt

Animals can become fomori, but don't seem to be
afflicted as often. | have two theories on why this is.
Perhaps animals have an intrinsic connection to the
Wyld that makes them more resistant than people to
Bane possession. Or, perhaps Banes just don't see as
much possibility in possessing them.

Either way, animal fomori do exist. I have heard
reports of dogs, pigs, bears, and snakes all housing Banes.
Ihaveneverheard areliable report ofa purely herbivorous
animal being so possessed, but I caution the reader that
absence of evidence is by no means evidence of absence.

If you do run across a Bane-tainted beast, expect it to
bemore viciousand combat capable than anormal member
of its species. Since the Bane doesn't have the same mental
faculties to work with in animals, it seems to focus on
enhancing the animal's already-existing gifts to grotesque
proportions. A fomor-dog might have huge, distended
fangs and slaver with noxious fluids. A tainted bear would
be huge and strong enough to topple trees with a shrug.

Steven, who has actually encountered corrupted
beasts, asks me to pass along the admonition to cleanse
the animal's corpse and its den, if you can find it, after
dispatching one of these creatures. This is to avoid
similar Banes "homing in" on the stench of corruption
and creating more tainted animals.

Rukifance

Some people do resist. Some are strong-willed
enough to recognize that something is happening to
them, even if they don't know exactly what. Some start
to feel the effects of possession and it scares them into
changing — they stop drinking, they get therapy,
whatever. Resisting is rare, however, because it re-
quires a concerted effort on the part of the host — and
very few hosts ever realize that something is wrong.

Banes usually do not target spiritual people. By
spiritual, I don't mean folks who attend church every
Sunday and try not to fall asleep, looking at religion as
an obligation. I'm referring more to people who believe,
regardless of their actual religious practices, that forces
beyond human understanding exist. No matter what
they think those powers are, the belief in them better
equips the host to fight against the Bane. Disbelieving

2

—_—

the Bane doesn't help, it simply goes on about the
possession while the host wonders why he's been feeling
so strange lately. But a spiritual person who notices the
oddities that possession brings (see below) may pray or
meditate or whatever with the intent to clear his head
— and this disrupts the Bane's attempts at possession.
Note, however, that this doesn't always work. Some
Banes are much more adept at twisting a person's faith or
religion to their advantage (possibly the "Crazy Preacher
Man" in Zoé's account was possessed by such a Bane).
Other methods of resistance exist, of course. A
host who notices changes might connect them with
some activity in his life and make an effort to change
the activity. While the activity in question is usually

Sorytdling Rakstance

Howa target resists possession depends largely
on how much the target knows and how persistent
the Bane is prepared to be.

A host. who tries to will herself free of the
Bane, whether| by» prayer, meditation, taking a
vacationvor something similar must make an op-
posed Willpower check against the Bane each day
(difficulty 7 for the host, 6 for the Bane). As long
as the Bane can.match or exceed the number of
successesthatthe host accrues, itstaysin place and
the possession, proceeds. Ifthe) host manages to
beat the Bane, the Bane isexpelled and must start
from scratch if it wishes to possess the same target
(and some Banes are persistent,enough to do so).

If the host changes a behavior practice that is
petipheral but related to the method the Bane is
using to possess him (a' person being possessed by
an angér-Bane attempts to quit drinking, for ex-
ample) both parties roll Willpower as above, ex-
cept that the difficulty is 7 for both rolls.

If the host endeavors to change the precise
behavior that the Bane is using (instead of or in
addition curbing his drinking, the host attends
angermanagement courses) the difficulties change
to 6 for the host,'7 for the Bane:

Finally, if the host arranges for some kind of
exorcism from a qualified person, the Bane must
toll Willpower in an opposed check versus: the
exorcist's appropriate dice pool) (Manipulation +
Occult or Theology fora Christian priest;per-
haps): The difficulty for both rolls is 6. If the Bane
does not exceed'the number of successes'achieved
by théexorcist, it is expelled and camneyer again
attempt to possess the host. (The Gift: Exorcism
does not require an opposed roll from the Bane; as
long as the Theurge succeeds, the Bane is ejected.)

Possessed

meeiaee ss


something concrete, rather than a behavioral ten-
dency (that is, the host may identify the problems with
drinking rather than with controlling his anger), there's
always the possibility that by cutting back on an
unhealthy practice, the host will jar the Bane enough
to make it uncomfortable. If the host actually identi-
fies the exact focus that the Bane is using to possess him
and changes it, the Bane will almost surely lose its
footing and break off the attack.

If, by some miracle, the host realizes what is
happening to him (a spirit is trying to possess his body)
and accepts that as truth, he may try any number of
cures. Exorcism is one avenue, and it may actually be
helpful. Most religions have legends about spirits or
demons capable of possession and therefore have ritu-
als to expel them (actually finding someone qualified
to perform them is another matter entirely). In some
cases, the Bane might feel exposed if the host rebels
against it so directly and might leave him alone. Of
course, it might very well redouble its efforts before the
host finds a way to expel it.

Ouittde Poff

If a Garou comes across a human in the midst of a
possession attempt, what can she do to help? The
obvious choice would be to step into the Umbra and
attack the Bane, and indeed, sometimes this works.
However, depending on how "far along" the possession
is, this can cause irreparable damage to the host's mind,
so gentler methods may be required.

Various Gifts may be helpful. Many Theurges
possess the strength to force a Bane to leave the host.
Both the Black Furies and the Children of Gaia are
sometimes gifted with the power to infuse a person
with love for Gaia (which, of course, is so repellent to
a Bane that it sometimes drives it away). Summoning
the possessing Bane may also work (though it appar-
ently requires a very skilled ritemaster).

The Garou can also try to identify what "lever" the
Bane is using to possess the host and try to change it.
The Curse makes this difficult, but if possible, this is
the best method, because it not only will drive off one
Bane but also strengthen the human against others.

There is a misconception among some of the more
militant and violent werewolves that the only method of
truly freeing a host is to kill him, and then to destroy the
Bane. While this certainly does free the host, it is also a
vicious and wasteful method, and should be considered
strictly as a last resort. After all, given a Bane's common
choices for possession and that their motive is to cause
suffering, killing the unfortunate host may well be tanta-
mount to doing the Wyrm's work for it.

Ee:

ee

Chapter One: Wretched Worms

The Road fo Corruption

Now that we've examined the two "halves" of the
fomor — the host and the Bane — let us examine the
actual process by which those two entities become
one. Again, since fomori exhibit such diversity, this
process can take a number of avenues, but I will try to
cover as many bases as possible.

Note: As I mentioned above, it is possible for a
Bane to possess a human being without changing the
human into a fomor. Many Banes are actually more
likely to take control of a person's body for a short time
than to initiate the "fomori process." For our purposes,
however, when the word "possession" is used in the
report below, assume that we are referring to the act of
creating a fomor, not of temporary enslavement.

Onilbng Froth

The vast majority of people that become fomori,
whether they unwittingly invite the Bane in or not, are
not deliberately trying to become monsters. So how
does the Bane go about possession?

The Bane chooses its target based on factors dis-
cussed above. Once it makes its choice, it will then
follow the target around. This has the effect of coloring
the host's mood and outlook as long as the Bane stays
close to it. Eventually, the Bane decides to take things
a step further and possesses the victim.

Once the Bane has entered the human's body, it
may or may not decide to assert control. Sometimes it
will merely guide a human, forcing him to act on
destructive impulses-rather than swallowing his feel-
ings. As long as the Bane doesn't force its host to do
anything too outrageous, the host will likely think that
the outbursts (or whatever the Bane makes him do) are
of his own volition. While he might feel "out of
control," he probably won't assume that something
else isin control. Some Banes, during this time, choose
to force their hosts to alienate those close to them, to
quit jobs or otherwise burn bridges. Other Banes allow
the host's life to stay as "normal" as possible, anticipat-
ing the havoc they will be able to inflict when the
merger is complete. The host may experience night-
mares or sudden panic attacks as his mind and soul try
to cope with the intruder.

This stage of the possession can be as short as a few
days, or the Bane may stretch it out for months.
Regardless, the Bane only needs to inhabit the host's
body long enough to forge aconnection. How long this
takes depends on how attuned to the Bane's nature the
host already is (as previously noted). Even if the host
and Bane aren't really compatible at the start, a clever
and subtle Bane can force a normally stoic person to

7

mame

|

Seer eres rene cree a nares ia ear re mnerensen rene)

pursue arguments, start fights, and generally become
angry until the host starts doing it on his or her own.
Itis then, when the Bane and human mesh to whatever
degree, that the Bane merges with the human.

This merger isn't a wholesome symbiosis or a
sharing of souls. It is more akin to spiritual violation.
The Bane quite literally takes up residence in the
human's body and mind and makes itself comfortable.
This requires subtly (or not so subtly) remaking the
human to fit the Bane's needs. And consider, once
again, that Banes are fairly simple creatures. They exist
to create misery. Even the most disturbed or violent
human is more complex than that, so imagine what it
must be like for a "normal" person to feel a vile
presence rearranging his very body to make it more in
line with the Bane's philosophy.

What exactly the Bane does during this time
depends largely on the Bane in question. An Anger
Swarm (see above) that possesses a human might force
the human to hear the unceasing buzzing sound that
the Bane makes all the time. Only when the human
lashes out in sheer rage and frustration does the noise
abate. The Bane forces the human to see everything —
friends, family, music, art, anything the human once
loved — in its own terms. That means friends and
family are just sacks of meat waiting to be used for
whatever purpose the Bane sees fit. Music and art are
distractions, mind-numbing and maddening enigmas
that the Bane doesn't have any way at all to appreciate.
Love is not compatible with the Bane's outlook — itis,
in fact, the Bane's very antithesis.

Adding to the horror, the victim keeps his own
perceptions and thoughts during all of this. They may
be tainted or colored by the Bane's, to be sure, but the
human's mindset is still nowhere near as simplistic as
the Bane's. That means that a father looking at his son
sees the child not only through his own eyes but also
through the Bane's — and the Bane is a part of him, at
his most basic level. It is any wonder that most fomori
lose their sanity quickly?

This meshing of viewpoints is not the only change,
of course, nor is it the most dramatic. Banes are Umbral
horrors, and are not used to the concepts of biology and
physiology that govern the human body. They almost
assuredly find the human form weak and— perhaps —
even a bit grotesque. So they change it.

Again, the host doesn't get any comfort in this
process. He feels, perhaps painfully, perhaps not, what
the Bane is doing to him. If the Bane needs him to
develop glands through which to secrete poison or
webbing, those glands appear — and the host must wait
in terror as new organs form in his body. If the Bane feels
that "its" human needs another set of eyes, the host must

2

—

Fut land Account

The Questing Pack, during theysearch for'
Lunatic in Michigan, came across'a "young" fomor.
They killed him and destroyed the Bane, but béfore
doing so, they asked him what had happened. Corina
Blaine,, called Fangs-on-the-Cutting-Edge by. her
fellow Glass Walkers, had the presence of mind to
record his answer and I am including the transcript
hefe. Before any Garou is tempted to regard fomori as
simple monsters, he'should consider this:

"T think the first time was after the' party. go to
the University. You know. There was this party av
this one guy's apartment. It was, like, right ‘after
midterms and a lorof:peoplewere gone already, so
there were only, like, twenty or twenty-five people
there. Anyway; ‘one of themwwas this girl that [knew
and we'd hooked up at a party once before. She was
there and/already drunk when [got there, and I had
afew beers, and'we ended up inthis guy'stoom, And
Llocked the dooryand she's already passed out on the
bed. I remember her skirt was like up around her
waist, and I'm thinking, whatthe hell, we did it
before, right? (low growlLhere, probably from Lysistrata)
Sol get downandmoveherlegs apartand we're going
at it and suddenly she wakesup and tells me to stop.
And it's like I ¢an't/hear her. Like I can but there's
something... | don't know, my hands are' on her
shoulders and I'm trying to push upyand back off, I
think. |. [don't know. Maybe! wasn't I:don't..| and
then she left and she ran out and I ran out and I'm
sitting on'the hood of my car and I'm shaking like a
fucking leaf: AndJ spit on the groundand it.crackles
like bot oil, and I've got this taste likes. uhy like a
woman, youknow?Inmy mouth) don't know what's
happening, but I seetwogirls walkingout to theitears
from the party, and before bkhow it, I'm up, walking
towards them, and I'm running: but like bent or
hunched overlikea caveman ot something. Like I'm
going)to' jump on them and/there's'this pounding
noise in my head. Like telling me, "doit, do it, jump
on them and fuck them both." And I think Iran the
other way. But the taste is still there. That wasdike,
two weeks ago, and every'time I eat, that's what I
taste. And I can't look at a, woman without that
pounding and that urge to jump. But the worst was
when I... I gave my sister'® hug and then out of
nowhere, | kissed her cheek.\And I tasted: blood
and... youknow, the same thingagain: And she's got
this big bum on herface,andJ couldn't get her to stop.
screaming, .. (here he breaks down crying),oh, God,
can't you guys do something? (Corina's voice saymg
"Yes," and then a snarl. Recording ends:)

Possessed

menecmmiicee: .


PRESCOTT

‘

cope with itching, then pain, then suddenly seeing from
another perspective. The psychological impact of these
changes is probably worse than the physiological one,
largely because our culture teaches that everything that
happens to the body is explainable in a scientific fash-
ion. But when a grown woman sprouts sharp, bony
protrusions from her knees and ankles, and when look-
ing at them, receives images of rending flesh, there is no
escaping the truth — her body and mind are being
remade. She is no longer in control.

Some Banes try to lessen the pain of the physical
change, sometimes by causing the fomor to feel waves
of pleasure during the process. This doesn't always
help, because when the pleasure fades, the human will
still have to cope with his new body. This tactic can be
of great help to the Bane, however, when teaching the
newly-spawned fomor how to use its new body.

Vityofeers and Contorttfed Fomor!

Butnotall fomoricome by their lot unwillingly. Some
actually bring it on themselves, often by summoning a
Bane for power or servitude or by otherwise experiment-
ing with dark magics. Others are tricked or forced into
becoming servants of the Wyrm (which means that while

Chapter One: Wretched Worms

 . —pamisatersccze remem ae

the fomor might not have wished the change, it was still
adeliberate act on someone's part, other than the Bane's).
While rituals for summoning true spirits of Gaia do
not work for normal humans (or even for human
spellcasters, or so Steven tells me) summoning Banes is
slightly easier. Intent is everything — a would-be spiri-
tualist who truly wishes to summon a maleficent spirit is
quite likely to call one up (which means that a bunch of
kids playing with a Ouija board are unlikely to summon
anything, thank Gaia for small mercies). What the spirit
does when it arrives depends partially on the skill of the
summoner and mostly on the whim of the Bane.
Banes exist to cause misery, so if the summoner
wishes the Bane to carry out an appropriate errand of
hatred or destruction, the Bane might well do so.
However, if the summoner asks the Bane to perform a
service contrary to its nature (asking a lust Bane to kill
someone, for example) the spirit might well become
insulted and decide to latch on to the summoner for a
time. Likewise, Banes, like many spirits, have more
power if given invitations. If the summoner grants the
Bane permission to inhabit his body, he has likely just
volunteered to become a fomor. N
9

wd

Samora verre. ruse rane

the table/Then they took sticks —likejo staves —
and beat the guy with them. He had dozens of cuts
over his body, but hewas laughing like a maniac
and yelling out some weird phrase or name — like
T said; 1 couldn't hear.

? ‘What I'could do was peek into the Umbra, so 1

Fimor Brothertoodt
On rare occasion, the summoner or sorcerer
knows exactly what she is looking for. Secret societies
have) reportedly cropped up around the notion of
becoming a fomor. While investigating reports of a
Lunatic in Texas, the Questing Pack found evidence
of such a society, Steven observed ane of their rituals
and has this to,sa'y on it:
There were maybe a dozeri men — no women
anywhere. All the men were upwards of 35, 40 years
. old, I'd guess. The Wyrm-stench in the room was
oppressive — it was like stale smoke in a'cheap bar.
The men were sitting at_this horseshoe-shaped
table and there/was one guy standing in the center
of the, horseshoe. All the guys at the table were
wearing black, but the lone guy hada blue suit on.
I couldn't hear what theywere saying, but it
looked'like an initiation. The standing man was
nodditig and answering questions, and finally the
men in black stood up andstied the guy down on

took a' look. ‘And then I figured out what was
happening. Every single one of. those guys was a
fomor, possessed by thesame kind of Bane — really
nasty ones that Lnicknaméd Pain Hunters. They
looka little' like big wasps, but they've got brown or
black fur and big saber-like forearms. I didn't know
they could possess people, but as this guy was lying
there bleeding, a whole flock of them swooped in
from who-knows-where, and one big one started
forcing its way down his throat. Once it was'in, —
and the guy was choking and retching the whole
time — he drops to the ground and starts shaking.
Twas still looking from the Umbra, and I could see
the Bane stretching his bones, forcing his teeth to
grow out and sharpen, whatever else. 1 would have
seen mote, but it was just aboutthen thatone of the
other Banes noticed me....

Experimenting with any kind of dark magic (which
means nearly any ritual or spell involving blood or
sacrifice) is a good way to attract Banes, as they are
drawn to suffering and death. Even ritual sex, performed
for the wrong reasons or without the consent of both
parties (which, I'm disgusted to say, does happen) might
bring some Umbral onlookers. Most Banes can mani-

3

a

fest, and the more intelligent ones might present them-
selves as demons or other supernatural forces and offer
Faustian deals to the would-be sorcerers. Banes powerful
enough to make these deals are usually powerful enough
to carry them out, but of course, once the merger has
begun the Bane is no longer under any obligation.
Some unfortunate people are forced into becom-
ing fomori. I confess to have little knowledge of how
this might be accomplished, but I offer up two theories:
Torture would not only attract Banes, but weaken
a person's resolve and will, allowing easier possession.
It's not inconceivable that a dedicated group of Wyrm
servitors — Black Spiral Dancers, for example —
might kidnap and torture a human in hopes of creating
a fomor. Perhaps the sacrifice in a ritual might end up
becoming a fomor, if s/he wasn't killed outright.
Ihave seen reports from various packs and septs of
well-equipped fomori attacking caerns. While the
"personnel" of such teams varies, the powers exhibited
by the fomori are often similar. This implies that
whoever is generating these teams has access to both
Banes and people to infect. Perhaps they trick their
employees into ingesting the Banes, or perhaps —
even more frightening— these soldiers volunteer?
The process of becoming a fomor, the slow reshap-
ing of flesh by the possessing Bane, is much the same
for "volunteer" or "conscripted" fomori as it is for
unwilling victims. Note, however, that someone who
knew what they were in for would likely master the
powers the Bane granted much more quickly, as of
coursé would someone who had others to train him.

Forncr Fibber

Special mention should be made of the so-called
"Fomor families." Unique not only because the taint is
passed on down the family line, but also because the
Banes in question are of the "elemental" instead of
"emotional" type; familial fomori are clannish and insu-
lar. Most such families thrive in the backwoods of America
—the Louisiana bayous, the Florida Everglades, and deep
in the mountains far away from the cities.

What causes these families to go bad? Often it's a
polluted site nearby; a stagnant, corrupted pond or
stream or a former strip-mine site provides the neces-
sary Banes to begin the process. One member of the
family becomes a fomor and then figures out that he
can pass on his new "gifts" to his kin. Rumor has it that
some such families even regard the trip to the cor-
tupted site as a rite of passage of sorts — before a boy
can become a man, he must first become a fomor.

Members of a given family usually share supernatu-
ral traits. The fomori may all be superhumanly strong or
fast, or be able to scuttle up trees like squirrels. Then

Possessed

re


again, they might find that after the "trip to the
river," they bleed from the mouth frequently or lose
their teeth within a week. Not every member of the
family is necessarily tainted, however. Some families
leave the women alone — so that they can breed. It
probably goes without saying that women are treated
horribly and children are abused almost from birth.

Fomori families are, in mpany ways, more danger-
ous than other kinds of fomori. Notonly do they have
numbers and family on their side, but they always
know their home terrain well and they know the best
ways to defend it. Many families make their living
selling fruit or other foodstuff at roadside stands, and
the food they sell is every bit as tainted as any
O'Tolley's burger or King beer (and many Garou
don't even think to check, as we all tend to associate
"rural" with "pure"). By attacking or repelling tour-
ists or other travelers, these families help spread the
misconception that country folks are stupid, violent,
and degraded. Worst of all, even killing every mem-
ber of the family won't necessarily solve the problem
permanently — the corrupted site has to be wiped
out as well. Any Garou that runs across a fomor
family had best beware — many of these families are
Kin to Black Spiral Dancers. In 1989, a Questing
Pack tracked down a Lunatic in the mountains of
North Carolina and found themselves fighting not
only the Lunatic (a recently changed Black Spiral)
but his extended family of fomori and werewolves.
Two Questing Garou died during the battle, and to
my knowledge, the family is still there.

No Tirotag Pack

After the horror of the merger comes the ongoing
horror of life as a fomor. Fomori are diverse and often
unique, and it's hard to predict what one will do after
the Bane has nested comfortably. In this section, I will
discuss what fomori do and the best ways to fight them,
as well as pass on reports from the Questing Pack about
their encounters with the creatures.

Aor Feuasion

Once the Bane has completed the process and
changed the human into a fomor, the human is more
or less in control again. By merging with the host, the
Bane relinquishes the ability to assert direct control
— the human never needs to worry about his body
suddenly moving against his will again — but the
skewed, dichotomous perspective remains. This will
certainly color the new fomor's choice of agenda.

The fomor may try to resume his life. This is
exactly what the Bane wants, of course. The fomor's
now near-alien mindset, coupled with whatever


Yeeaures scone son one amen oR A ry GR ML rms

alterations the Bane made, virtually guarantees that
the fomor will tear his life apart simply by trying to fit
in. A fomor who, as a human being, sometimes had
trouble controlling his anger might fly into destructive
frenzies when pushed — and during these frenzies, gain
enough strength to punch through brick walls. No
matter how desperately the fomor tries to be the person
he was, the Bane's modifications prevent that.

Some new fomori run, especially if they killed
someone or otherwise "acted out" during the posses-
sion process. The wretched creatures simply follow
their whims (or the Bane's) until they run across a
werewolf or something similar.

Most horrifying are those fomori that accept and
revel in their new existence. Family fomori and those
infected by pacts or experimentation are most likely to
quickly get comfortable with their new bodies, but it
can actually happen with any fomor. The fomor simply
begins to enjoy the power, to thrive on his new abilities
— and that isn't really so surprising. After all, a
milquetoast used to being picked on and ignored who
can suddenly exude pheromones powerful enough to
intimidate or entice anyone nearby is very likely going
to spend his free time indulging in that ability. How-
ever, the power comes at a cost, in addition to having
a Bane inside one's soul. All fomori find that this debt
comes,due, shortly after they learn to use their powers.

The Wyrm gives nothing for free. A fomor who
serves his new nature by doing the Wyrm's work is
liable to develop new or better powers while keeping
his body relatively intact. However, if the fomor sim-
ply acts on his own accord, he retains his indepen-
dence, but at the cost of his flesh. My research indi-
cates that the most outrageously reshaped monstrosi-
ties are actually fomori that chose to retain their free
will — so the Bane inside them simply reshaped them
further, as recompense for their powers.

A further trend that I've uncovered is that fomori
seem to be getting smarter. Twenty years ago, the stories
at moots regarding fomori focused chiefly on their
disgusting powers and repulsive appearances, and how
many Garou felt they were doing the beasts a favor by
putting them down. In the last few years, however, most
stories about fomori begin with "If I hadn't turned my
head and saw him just then, he'd have hit me before I
could shapeshift," or "I knew there wassomethingtainted
in the room, but I just couldn't seem to focus on it." It
seems that fomori are getting subtler, their powers less
ostentatious, and their taint less obvious. Since fomori
rarely have any contact with each other — indeed, most
have no idea what they are or what has truly happened
tothem—this implies that the genesis of all fomori, the
Wyrm, is learning and changing its strategy. Of course,

32
 _———s

my evidence for this is somewhat circumstantial, but it
certainly bears investigation and caution.

Fornord Breet

AsI mentioned above, some fomori seem to be born
of the same stock, so to speak. What this probably means
is that similar Banes are choosing similar types of people
as hosts, which creates fomori of a given "type." Listed
below are five accounts of fomori that share elements
with accounts by Garou in other areas — apparently,
each of these fomori are members of a "breed."

Gorehoypdt

Zoé's story about a Gorehound:

The Questing Pack was sent to Washington, D.C.
to look for a Lunatic. We found the guy — a Theurge
name of Austin (Julia's note: Austin St. James recovered
fully and is now serving with a pack in Maryland). Anyway,
he wasn't much of a problem — crawling with Pattern
Spiders, but Steven took care of that okay. And then Lys
tells me she smells taint from the apartment down the
hall from Austin's. | told Steven and Corina to take
Austin to the car while I checked it out with Lysistrata.
As it happened, that wasn't a smart move.

We walked down to the door and Lysistrata's hack-
les went up. She said she smelled blood — and then I

Gorehound

These déadly fomori are born from the Banes
enclosed.in some Slaughterhouse Video products.
Each successive viewing grants the Bane the chance
to possess the' viewer (if more than one' person is
watching the video, the Bane chooses the most
unstable target). Once possession is complete, the
Bane) almost' immediately begins changing' the
target into a fomor.

Gorehounds behave much like slasher-movie
killers; they rately speak (although some in recent
years have taken to making threatening phone
calls), théy stalk andisolate their victims and then
dispatch them with whatever deadlyyweapons are
handy. (garden tools, fire axés, etc.). The Banes
inside them don't leave much of their original
personality 6r,intelligence behind, and since the
folks watching Slaughterhguse products are usu-
ally. somewhat-uristable anyway, many of them
jump into their new. lifestyle wholeheartedly.
Consequently, Gorehounds tend to have very low
Autonomy ratings — and little visible taint.

Powers: (Suggested) Berserker, Enhanced At-
tributes (Strength or Stamina), Regeneration

Taints: (Suggested) Derangement

Possessed

aay


SN Nn ee

realized I smelled it, too. She opened the door and
the stink of it hit us like a wave. The whole room
was like a butcher shop — pools of blood on the
floor, a dozen garbage cans with organs and body
parts in them — whoever this sick fuck was, he was
cutting people up and then sorting what was left.
Well, we walked in — carefully — and had
time to notice that this guy had a video rack,
completely filled, and every single movie on there
was from Slaughterhouse. (Julia's note: Slaughter-
house Video produces low budget slasher films, and has
recently begun mass-producing "reality" videos of car
wrecks, animal attacks, hostage situations and so forth,
the more bloody the better.) As we were looking
around trying to get a grip on the place, Lys cries out
in pain and falls over with a knife sticking out of her
side. The guy just popped up out of nowhere, and he
was carrying a fire ax completely soaked in blood.
We won the fight, obviously, but if Corina
hadn'tcome back up tocheck onus, I'm not sure how
itwould have gone. As it was, that guy took more hits
before dropping than some werewolves I've fought.
And damn, could he dish it out! You see this scar?

Siflors

Steven's encounter with an Enticer:

I'm not exactly known to be the most focused
werewolf in the world, I'll admit. I'm easily dis-
tracted by fluctuations in the spirit world and I
get curious about things in this world. But I think
anyone would've been distracted by what I saw.

This all happened not long after the New York
thing. We were all pretty down — the Lunatic we'd
been sent to bring in fought us tooth and nail and,
in the end, we had to kill him. Scratch that, I had to
kill him. First time I'd killed another Garou. Sol was
pretty shaken. Corina had lost an eye during the
fight, so she wasn't doing too well, either. We didn't
have any leads just then, sol jumped on aplane back
to Seattle to visit my family.

I hopped a bus downtown and wound up in
front of this convention center. I walked in just
for the hell of it, and I see this big Siren Cosmetics
exhibit — must've been a beautician's conven-
tion or a make-up artists' gig, I don't know. I
turned around to leave — and there she was.

I can't even tell you what color hair she had. I
don't know what she was wearing. I can't describe
her face — because I know it so well, so perfectly,
that if] tried to describe it would all come out wrong.
She was walking in and caught my eye, and I fell in
love. [honestly believed it, too. She was the one I'd
been looking for, the perfect spiritual mate for me.

—_ \,

yf fA I SE TBS TN SETI OS FS CT TARO TY,

Scere err. rene oor una en Ls ar PL Femara)

Instinct and intellect were both crying out at once, "She's
the one." I started to follow her and she looked over her
shoulder with this, "Well, come on," look.

I followed past the Siren booth and towards the back
of the convention center, through a door marked "Pri-
vate" and into a stock room. She sat down on a box and
unbuttoned her blouse, and of course I was completely
mesmerized. And then all ofasudden, Unicorn saved me.

There'saspirit that travels with me—the story I got
was that when | wasakid, my mother had to give her life
to save me from Black Spirals, and Unicorn acknowl-
edged that sacrifice by sending a Unicorn-spirit to
watch over me. Well, my little guardian angel was
working overtime that day. He managed to bring down
the Enticer's spell for just a split second — time enough
for me to see her for what she was, and to notice the two
thugs advancing on me from behind with silver knives.

I got out, of course, but to this day I'm floored by how
strong and immediate an effect she had on me. I've since
heard stories about Enticers, and a lot of times, Siren

Ciflrs

While Enticer fomori don't usually have much
in the way-of physical defense, they do have the
‘dangerous ability to lure and incapacitate'nearly

| anyone. Enticers are born from overexposure' to
Siren Cosmetics) (more specifically, ro the Banes
contained: therein). SirenSponsors contests| and
free trials of their tainted product, choosing targets
and gifahg them a year's supply of cosmetics. By the
end of the'year, the winnetlhas become'an Enticer,
and is hopelessly addictedto the cosmeti¢s,

Sirenishappy toprovide more, and evengives
the Enticérja job — usually using her seductive
powers to ‘help the company, (and its parent,
Pentex) in hostile takeovers. Capable Enticers are
even used to lure Garou into traps.

Sadlyjnot all Enticers are completely aware of
what they ate. They know ‘that people ofboth "
genders are attracted to them, but many chalk that
up to'the amazing properties of the cologhes and
beauty.creams from Siren Cosmetics:SomeEnti¢ets
willingly serve Pentex (and the Wytm)/and wind
up»with low Autonomy ratings; others resist and
accrue multiple taints suchas Derangement, Ad-)
diction, and Mental Devolution (the Enticer gets —
stupider as her seductive powers get more potent).

Powers: (Required) Succubus? Veil; (Suggested)

Enhanced Attribute (Appearance, Charisma), Fangs
Taints: (Required) Addiction (to Siren Cos+\

metics);\ (Suggested) Derangement (Delusionsof;
Grandeur, Paranoia)

ee af Poe A A ES

Cosmetics gets mentioned. I'm thinking about check-
ing out one of their factories someday soon.

Salo Gxfors

Corina's near-fatal encounter with a Brain Eater:

This happened to me just recently, after our Questing
Pack had disbanded. I was tending to business — I'm a
fashion designer —but I've got Monkeywrencher friends,
and frankly, I owe them some favors. So in the course of
my daily dealings, if 1 see something that they could use,
I pass it on. This time, though, they came to me.

I got a request to check out a Magadon Pharmaceuti-
cals warehouse. The Monkeywrenchers knew that Magadon
was a threat, but they had some bad feelings about this
place in particular. So I snuck in that night to look around.

It was a mistake. I should have gone in from the
Umbra. The guards noticed me and didn't even yell for

Brale Caters

Alike SENS and Enticers, Brain: Eaters
are manufactured exclusively by Pentex. Extremely
tare) these fomori are the result.of Banes merging
with human ‘beings that exhibit psychic powers.
The Pentex, division called Project Aeneid finds.
such \people(and then. offers to help' them hone

\ their abilities, That much is true — but particu-
‘larly promising (read: corruptible) candidates are
"introdu¢edito special Banes, who can.then change

the\psychic into.a Brain Eater:

All Brain, Eaters live up-to their name ina
literal sense; they are all addicted tohuman brains
‘(this has'earned them the nickname "Lecters" in
Pentex circles), All possess the unique ability to
absorb a target's intelligence with & mere, touch,
And worst of all, Brain Eatéts retain their psychic

‘powers, making them versatile and deadly foes,

'\ However, Brain'/Eaters' are extremely rare.

Pentex does notlike to give uppromising psychics
to'Project Aeneid; fomori have short life expect-
ancies, and not dll candidates survive the process,
Whenthe company does successfully breed a Brain
Eater, they will reserveiit forspecific missions and
send.along a First ‘Team for backup.

Powers; (Required) Braiti Bating; (Suggested)
Mind Blast) Mind Rapejightmare Control

Taints: (Required) Addiction (human brains);

4 (Suggested) Derangement >

Special: All B Batéisretain whatevet psy-

"chieypowers they had-before. becoming fomori:

‘ Examples include telekinesis, telepathy; claitvoy-
ance, and | pyrokinesis (a\complete list of such

be ean ei Kean in Ga Saleence Revised).

Possessed

a

ne


me to freeze, they just opened fire. One of them was
actually carrying a silver knife, can you believe it?
They very nearly killed me — in fact all I remember
about the fight is some gunfire, the knife, an explosion
and then red rage.

After it was over, I came to and decided to limp the
hellhome. Allofasudden the silver knife, stillin the hand
of one of the dead guards, lifts off the ground and flies at
me. I ducked, but not by fhuch. I took the wolf form to be
able to dodge more easily, and then I saw the man.

He looked maybe 25, tall, muscular — he looked
like he'd just gotten back from boot camp, like he'd lost
alot of weight quickly. His head was shaved and he was
wearing a gray jumpsuit with a logo I didn't recognize.
1 growled at him, trying to scare him off — I didn't
know what he was and wasn't really up for another
fight. He just stared at me, and then the pain started.

It felt like someone was stomping on my head. I
actually rolled around on the ground for a few seconds,
trying to get away from the pain, but it just got worse.
I think | endured about 20 seconds before I passed out.
My last thought was, "Well, I'm dead."

Only I woke up a few seconds later, and I saw him.
He'd taken the knife and pried one of the guard's heads
open and was sitting there, eating his brain. I didn't
need to be told to get the hell out of there, just crept
quietly into the shadows and lit out.

Fiofow [Ven

Lysistrata' s observation of a Hollow Man (with trans-
lation help from Steven):

Off in woods searching for sad-sister. Steven-smoke
and Zoé-meat farther ahead making laughter-sounds,
Corina-metal behind wearing wolf-skin, walking quietly.

Movement of prey off right. I follow, hungry,
didn't eat human-food with the rest of the pack.
Rabbit-hot-blood runs. I run after it. Pack sounds get
faint, but I chase food.

Saw man by moonlight. Large. Smelled bad like
fever-heat and rot. Wearing coat-covering. No face.
Sounded. like paws on dried leaves. Rabbit ran and
stopped to turn, but man grabbed it. Lifted rabbit up by
ears. Rabbit-fear-urine. Man opened mouth. No teeth.
No tongue. Swallowed rabbit. Throat swelled like snake.

Saw man's stomach move. Snakes inside. Saw legs
move. Snakes under skin. Man made of snakes.

Ran back to pack but they found sad-sister and needed
my help. We caught sad-sister and went to find snake-
man-Wyrm, but he was gone. Hope never see him again.

Firecfo/

Raina Fader, a Corax, somehow got wind of this report
and sent me this story about a Ferectoi:

SS

Chapter One: Wretched Worms

Hollow Nee are isi. created when aStay-,
enger Bane"merges with a'human being. As'de-
scribed above, Scavenger Banes' canbe packs of" |

any small animal, but the animals have to be small
enough that several of them could fit inside a
human body.' For a-Scavenger Bane' to possess ay
petson;'the person's body! must be hollowed our?
This means that,the.Banes can possess decayed
corpses; but.they terid to prefer ftesher hosts...

The pack of Banes'swarms forth and fills Wee |
person's body, reanimating itand merging with/it/\)
in the usual manner. The néwlytisen HollowMan. |
gains powers appropriate to the type of Nort A
inhabiting it (see below for some ideas),

Hollow Men can have-almost any Autonomy >
tating. Somé'sell theirsoulsformore power trying to
remain as "human" as possible, and some retain their,
autonomy and develop taints. Most Hollow Men |
"leak" vermin, especially those inhabited by insects."
Unlike other fomori, who might rerain a sctap of »
humanity (atleastatfirst); Hollow Men aredevoted
tothe Wymi from the time of theit "rebirth". Hollow: |
Men can prolong their lives by, adding new animals:
tothe "colony" inside them: No one knows exactly. |
howlong a Hollow Man couldlive — they af
predate Pentex, so there could theoretically/be cen-
"turies-old Hollow Men in.existence.

Powers: (Required) All: Dispersion®; (SoS)
Regeneration; Wasp colony:-Flight, Natural Weap-
onry\(stinger), Poison; Constrictor colony: Enhanced'
Attribute (Strength), Pliant Bones; 4 En2\)
hanced Attribute (Perception), Infectious Bite ;

Taints: (Suggested) Fading, Infested'

To whom it may concern and all that: Hi. Name's
Raina Fader, Private Eye. Mostly I deal with corporate
espionage and other non-glamorous stuff, but occasion-
allyl get the ever-loving shit scared out of me. Heard you
were looking for stories about fomori, so here's mine.

I was working on a case a few years back in Boston.
Basically, a company that'd I worked with before —
doesn't matter which one, right? — that makes a point
of making product without abusing the work force or
cutting environmental corners was having trouble. Stuff
falling off the back of the truck, right?So I decide to have
a look. And sure enough, their night stock crew is dirty.
Cracking open boxes, nicking product, selling it off,
nasty stuff like that. I take some pics, turn them over to
the company, they pay me, I should be done.

Except I've got this feeling in my gut that I'm not.
I hate this feeling.

35)
seem.

|

I go back the next night and watch. They've got a
new night crew. Everything's going well. And then this
dude shows up. Dark suit, slick hair, good looking,
expensive shoes —and he just screams "Mafia." He tells
them they'd better keep the same arrangement — pull
some of the product forsale to the Family. They tell him
to bugger off. What's he gonna do, shoot them all?

As it turned out, yes and no.

He asks them politely, and they still refuse. Now
keep in mind, there are maybe ten guys here, and this
onefellain asuit is trying toscare them. Hehasn'tpulled
a gun or anything yet, and he looks like he weighs a
buck-and-a-half soaking wet. So one of the stock guys
shoved him, told him to get lost. And I guess that did it.

He reached forward so fast I thought he was going
toslugthe guy that pushed him, but the guy didn'treact,
sol though he missed. Then the tough stock guy falls to
the ground, and the puddle starts to ooze out under him.
Mafia-guy has the man's windpipe in his hand. One of
the other stock guys gets sick. A few more bolt. One of
them drawsagun—thesuithastime to register this and
smiles, for God's sake — and the cowboy takes a shot.

Suit-guy doesn't even blink. Honest to God, didn't
take a step back, say "ouch," nothing. Just takes two
steps forward and grabs the guy's wrist, and twists his arm
clean off. Then he proceeds to shoot everybody there —
including the two guys who ran for cover, I found their
bodies later — and burn the warehouse to the ground.
I passed the word around to some feathered friends, and
the word Ferectoi kept coming up. So there's the story.

You know the worst thing? The guy was just
matter-of-fact about it. I've seen fomori before — even
had the pleasure of killing one, once — and mostly
they're sadistic fuckers. This guy didn't seem enthused
orrepulsed or happy about butchering those guys. Itjust
seemed... natural to him. At the time, I thought, if the
Mafia's employing people like that, I'm gonna go play
basketball for a living. But I never saw the guy again.
Fighting Fomort

Zoe, as an Ahroun, has some insight to share about
battling fomori:

If you get into a fight with a fomor, remember a
couple of simple facts:

FomortAre Dherre ..

You never know what they'll be able to do. They
may look human, but that doesn't mean they're
helpless, and some of them can pull tricks that you'd
never have considered. Not all of them will fight you
toe-to-toe — most won't, in fact. If you find one that
stands up to you, it's either a diversion, a crazy/
suicidal fomor, or a serious badass. Be prepared for
any of those possibilities.


Fare,

Also called the "Larvae of the Wynn', Ferectoi
are fomori from birth. They are conceived when a
spiritcalleda Breeder Bane assaults asleepinghuman.
and. steals sperm or eggs, whichever is appropriate.
The human remembers nothing of the experience
but a dream of violation. Afterwards, the Breeder
Bane' impregnates ‘itself and Carries the nascent
Ferectoiuntil it can be born, and then swaps the baby
witha newborn, often the child of rich or important
parents, The Ferectoi is therefore born to privilege,
and grows up knowing every comfort.

The fomor might manifestits powers at any time,
butit usually happens in self-defense. Afterwards, the
Ferectoi practices, honing its, unholy abilities ‘and
cementing its position in the world. Ferectoi have, in
the past, grown up to be leaders of industry, artists,
soldiers, and even figures in organized crime. They are
probably the single most powerful breed of fomori in
existence, and each one is unique:

Rumors‘occasionally surface of Ferectoi that
attempt to break free of theirdark urges and simply
behave as human beings. However,no one seems
to have actually meta "humane" Ferectoi; which
leads most to believe that any Ferectoi, acting
humane is doing so with an agenda.

Powers: Any. Each Ferectoi is unique:

Taints: Any.

Special: Ferectoi havea maximum Autonomy
score of 5. Each one has'the- Merit: Hidden Power:

Fornort Were Plyrnap... Once

That means they might try to appeal to your
humanity. And that hurts, especially if you're homid.
You know what it's like to become a monster. You
remember what happened when you lost your normal
life and got drafted into a war you didn't want. You can
sympathize. Well, if you take that second to consider,
that fomor might just pull a silver knife and cut your
throat, or whip out some new power and kill you with
it, or escape and return with back up. I know it may
sound cruel, but even if the fomor wants to regain his
humanity, as far as I know, there ain't a way to do it.
You want to be humane? Kill the bastard quickly.

Fimort Are No Longer Phoman

They rape, they kill, they eat people, and so on.
Black Spiral Dancers do the same sorts of things, yeah,
but that's different — they look like monsters. Fomori
don't always. You want to survive an encounter with
fomori and not go crazy, go on instinct. Instinct — rage
— will tell you to take them down fast and hard.

Chapter One: Wretched Worms

_\.. Silmammamsee so acne

Condfutvon

Each month sees new stories of fomori. At the
Foundation, we get letters, email, spirits, stories from the
Amazon, and so on about these creatures and their new
mutations and powers. Some Garou regard them as
weak, cannon fodder for the Wyrm's army. Some Garou
know better —and hopefully, you're now among them.

—Julia Waterford, with help from Zoé McKenna,
Steven Kensington, Corina Blaine, Lysistrata, and
special thanks to Raina Fader

Jor ypeéhng Fir

Fomori can be more than just easy-to-kill hood-
lums to throw at the troupe's pack. They can set off the
theme and mood of Werewolf nicely — if the Story-
teller is willing to devote a bit of extra attention to
them. One fomor may not be the most challenging
opponent the pack has ever faced, but if the fomor is
well thought-out and played convincingly, that fomor
will make an adversary the pack will never forget.

Letlgolog Formor!

The Storyteller should ask herself a few questions
when using fomori as antagonists in Werewolf:

© Where did the fomor come from? Is the fomor a
member of a breed? Most — but by no means all —
breed fomori are created by covert subdivisions of
Pentex, or emerge as byproducts of Pentex subsidiaries'
more invasive products. Is the fomor a renegade, or
does some branch of Pentex still control it? Is it loyal
to Pentex or looking for a way out? If the fomor is not
"Pentex issue," then where did it come from? Certain
secret societies create fomori; perhaps the one that the
pack meets is only anew recruit and the real danger lies
with the cult that spawned it. Other breed fomori, like
Hollow Men and Ferectoi, have no true society, but are
as dangerous singly as many other fomori are in groups.

The vast majority of fomori are unique, however —
that is, they are the result of a particular Bane merging
with a particular human and do not belong to a "breed."
If you decide to use a unique fomoras an opponent to the
pack, decide on its history. How long has it been a
fomor? How much of its humanity does it retain (and
how much of its Autonomy)? What kind of Bane
merged with it, and what were the circumstances of the
merger? Does it have any idea what happened to it?

¢ Why would the fomor act in opposition to the
pack? If the fomor is a Pentex creation, it might simply
be under orders, but even that motive should be
fleshed out a bit. How does the fomor feel about being
sent to fight nearly unkillable monsters? Is it likely to
bolt, or does it seethe with bloodlust? Perhaps it has

37
veecrenaa,

fe ED RE TOT EE Eb PET RAPT EC EE AN PROS SECA,

eserves sara orcas ca ein aro tee FRreRe er

a AA

been brainwashed to believe that werewolves are atomic
mutations or something similar (how's that for irony?)
and considers destroying them to be a duty.

Fomori families and cults might run afoul of Garou
when the Garou come sniffing around their territories
for unrelated purposes. Do the fomori strike first, or lie
low in hopes that the Garou will leave them alone?
Maybe a cult decides to capture a werewolf to use as a
sacrifice and begins hunting the pack. Perhaps a new
fomor is trying to start a cult, and wishes to demon-
strate his power by defeating a werewolf.

Unique fomori won't likely attack Garou for no
good reason, unless they have extremely low Au-
tonomy ratings. Perhaps/alloné!fomor
needs a specific substance to liv
organs are good choiées, but you
further. Maybe a fomor needs
dead and, unwilling to kill, aa and

haunting hospitals and nursing homes. A really vicious

Bane might alter a fomor's body so that it can only live

on wolf blood — but then grant | itknowledge off where 5

need a better reason to fight than "You, Gaian _ me,

Wyrmish." If the fomor has a plan or at least an/agenda,
the characters get the satisfaction of notjust cuttingdow1
arandom servant of the Wyrm, but of thwarting its plans.

e What resources does the fomor have? Of course
this means figuring out what powers the fomor uses and
how much Autonomy remains, but go beyond that.
Does it have Allies or Contacts it can call? If it works
for a branch of Pentex, it can bring a load‘

down the on the characters' heads (whether.it knows
that or not isadifferent matter). Férectoi, in addition

to possessing great supernatural power, are often rich
and influential. If the fomor belongs to or leads a cult,
what can the cult accomplish?

Another, related consideration is this: How much
does the fomor know about werewolves? Fomori are
immune to the Delirium as a matter of course, but that
doesn't mean they won't run screaming if they see a
Crinos-form werewolf on a rampage. Again, Pentex
fomori might be taught about the Garou — but it
depends on the function Pentex has in mind for the
fomor. Enticers, for example, are rarely told the truth
about werewolves for fear it might throw off their powers
(would you want to sexually attract a monster?).

lanfec Fomor

Julia, the narrator, recognizes that certain compa-
nies seem to deliberately produce fomori. What she
doesn't know, just as most Garou don't, is that these
companies all fall under the same banner — Pentex.

Most fomori are accidental pairings of Bane and
human and therefore have no contact with Pentex at
all, but nearly all deliberately created ones do. Pentex
is responsible for the seductive Enticers and the horri-
fying Brain Eaters, as well as the Gorehounds (though
the company does not control these maniacs). Other
"pet breeds" from Pentex exist, but none of the pro-
cesses for creating them are foolproof (or cheap). Asa
result, Pentex would rather recruit than create.

All big cities boast some presence from Pentex, be
it an Endron refinery, an.Ayalon Toys outlet, or just a
few O'Tolley's restaurants. If a fomor shows up, word
sometimes gets back rent company (however,

aoe know any-
‘ ¢an'take months
he company may
" to ‘pai the fomor.
like a godsend.

iding legal assistance) and
Jeems the fomor worthy of

you. m As evidence, Pentex
@ retrieval team — "They may
1" goes | the aie "but at least

x 1 accept find that the Pentex
ancy up to their a of the bargain fully... except
maybe the "cure" part. The company does generously
provide medications, but all they do addict fomor,
meaning that even ifhe gets fed up and wants to quit,
he has to stick with Pentex — or go cold turkey.

A few very secretive sub-branches within Pentex
actually manage to create fomori under laboratory
conditions, however. In many cases, most of the scien-
tists involved aren't even aware that they're infusing a
twisted spirit into a human body (or even that spirits
exist); they tend to delude themselves into believing
that they're chemically creating "super-soldiers" or
similar biological advancements through completely
scientific processes. ("Radical, visionary processes on
the bleeding edge of technology," that is.) The Banes
ride in during the suffering generated by the "genetic
alterations," "serum treatments," or whatnot, and are
sometimes covertly summoned by ranking doctors
who possess actual Wyrmish occult knowledge.

38 Possessed

__

miner . .,


Fenfex Fomor! Tree

A fomor-charactet employed by Pentex be-
gins with 2 or 3 dots of Resources (depending on
how useful the fomor is), 2 dots 6f Contacts (all
Pentex fomori know someone within) the com-
pany; whichdepartment or branch varies), and at
least 1. dor of Equipment.

=

eypog Formers

Running an all-fomor game often opens the door to
a lot of gross-out humor and splatterpunk mayhem. Any
Storyteller considering running such a game should con-
siderhis motives very carefully. Do you want to runagame
about damnation and the struggle to maintain free will?
Perhaps you should consider Vampire or Demon: The
Fallen instead, as the final outcome isn't predetermined
there. Is he really interested in running a violent, bloody,
savage game where the characters are very much the
underdogs? Hunter: The Reckoning or even a slightly
modified Werewolf game (perhaps in which the players
take on the roles of Kinfolk) might work better. Is dark
humor the focus? Paranoia might be a better choice.

Cavedtt

The trouble with running a fomori game is that the
characters are possessed by evil spirits. Banes aren't
"misunderstood" or working under "their own perspec-
tive." They do what they do because causing pain and
corruption is their nature. While it might be interest-
ing to examine the process of slowly capitulating to the
desires of those spirits, the best way to do it is probably
to watch it happen from the outside.

However, if everyone in the troupe is in agreement
onplayingafomori game, it can be done (and this book
provides the rules to make the characters for it). All
involved, however, must bear a few things in mind:

© Maturity. Fomori do bad things to people by their
very natures. If you want to play one, it should be as a
roleplaying challenge and not as therapy. If you look at it
as therapy, perhaps some real psychiatric counseling is in
order. Werewolf is just a game, and that fact needs to be
kept in mind much more strongly when playing a fomor.

Sensitivity. Some fomori are driven to murder,
torture and rape by their Banes. That doesn't give the
players (or the Storyteller) leave to make light of such
topics, especially if there are players in the troupe who
would be offended. The Werewolf Storyteller's Hand-
book gives some guidelines on handling sensitive
issues. Make sure that everyone is comfortable with
the in-game material that will be presented.

® Cliché. Some kinds of "fomori" games have been
done to death, notably: "You're a First Team in the

Chapter One: Wretched Worms

mama ae

Amazon and you've got to take out this pack of annoy-
ing Garou." If you're going to run a fomor game, try to
do it with some originality (at least if your players are
veteran Werewolf gamers; after all, everything's new to
anewcomer). Maybe half of the characters are members
ofacultand the otherhalfare potential recruits. Perhaps
the characters comprise a retrieval team and are being
sent after a new fomor (who could also be portrayed by
a player). Or, what if all but one of the characters are
normal human beings, with one fomor in the mix? What
might a slumber party be like in that company?

Hiorror

Werewolf is a game of savage horror — it says so in
the core book, just opposite the Prophecy of the Phoe-
nix. If fomori replace werewolves as the protagonists,
even for a story, the horror simply changes focus.
Werewolves have to deal with their inner Rage, but they
can learn to channel and use that rage towards noble
ends. Where does that leave fomori, who contend not
with simple rage but with an innate evil? Can evil ever
truly be used for noble, unselfish ends? Are the charac-
ters even going to try, or will they follow their own (or
the Wyrm's) agendas without looking back?

Many characters in roleplaying games, and notjust in
Werewolf, lead violent lives. Some such characters avoid
dealing with this violence by using the old Mafia dodge:
"Tt'snothing personal, just ajob." Fomori donot have that
excuse. As mentioned above, everything they do and see
is filtered through the vision of the Banes they carry —
and the Banes enjoy death and destruction. Anyone
playing a fomor should be ready to accept that, on a very
basic level, her character is doing what comes naturally
andenjoying it (nothingsays, of course, that the character's
human side can't feel conflicted about all this, especially
if the fomor has a high Autonomy rating).

The true horror of fomori is not their grotesque
taints or supernatural powers, however. Nor is it the
Bane riding around in a fomor's skull. The true horror of
fomori is that they are human. No fomor does anything
that a normal (that is, unpossessed) human can't or
hasn't. People murder and rape, in brutal and ghastly
fashions, just like fomori. Oh, perhaps the Bane guides
them to do it, but the question is always there: Was the
fomor a monster before the Bane took hold? Did the
Bane create the fomor's urges, or just purify them?

Fomori have aconvenient excuse for their behavior
— the Devil (after a fashion) really did make them doit.
Maybe. The horror comes from the notion that the
desire may have been there all along, just waiting for the
right outlet. And once the Bane curls up and makes a
nest inside the fomor's heart, whatever remains of the
human being will never know the truth of it.

9

—

J TPAD SP A. a PO OE YS NPD LE

Vg axel
ZN
E

a
WW) EY


"Yes, tounbend the wild curve, to straighten it tangen-
tially, asymptotically, to flatten it to an undeviating line.
Because the line of OneState is a straight line. The great
divine, precise, wise straight line — the wisest of all lines."

— We, Yevgeny Zamyatin

On fle Cilge of tbe thie

[[Accessing GWNet...] ]
[[Gnostomagnetic drivers enabled..] ]
[[Running Counter-Theurgy 8.1...]
[[Umbravirus scans completed. No foreign
agents detected.]]
{[Password?]]
[eeceeeee]
[[Welcome!]]
[[You have 1 message.]]

From: Kennedy Fair-Optic

Pardon the mass emailing in advance. I realize it's
bad manners, but it was recently pointed out that this
little report I'd been putting together was something
better addressed to the tribal Theurge community at
large rather than just my own sept officials. I apologize
to those elders reading if I've overstepped my bounds;
I gladly welcome any rebuke | may deserve.

Chapter Two: Perfection

ee eee

But to the point: For the last several years I've been
pursuing a side project in addition to my usual wartime
duties. To wit, I've been logging and compiling reports
of terrestrial Weaver-activity. Not Umbral, not Pen-
umbral, and not mortal actions that promote the
Weaver's genuine cause (who would have time for
that?) — but genuine manifestations of Weaver spirit-
energy on the physical world. As a result, I've seen
things that positively startled me, things that I'm still
trying to work out. I've also cataloged a small list of
incidences that my confidant Kleon Winston, Athro,
is encouraging me to bring before Jonas Albrecht of the
Silver Fangs as evidence that the Weaver does not
deserve to treated as quite the enemy that the other
tribes have branded her. I won't bore you with the
details yet. But this activity has also put me in a
remarkable Position to observe the activities of the
Weaver's own "shock troops" — yes, the Drones.

oe


0 Neer ener FS SEEDS REPERSAPIR AML as SRT ei

I imagine we're all familiar with the term. How-
ever, some of you may want to show this report to
packmates, or even to Theurges of other tribes; I trust
your judgement. So let me recap for those new to the
study of Weaver-spirit lore.

Conventional wisdom basically states that Weaver-
spirits just don't go in for possession; it smacks too
much of autonomous action and personal agenda.
From the time the first Garou ran his claws over rocks
to try and capture the sense of the Weaver's webs in a
story-glyph to the modern day, there hasn't been one
reliable story of a Weaver-spirit possessing a host.
There are no "Weaver-fomori"sand never have been;
that's how the story goes.

This story is true only up until a point, though. No
Weaver-spirits have ever possessed a human or animal
host of their own accord, that much is true. But there are
such things as "Weaver-fomori,", if you define such a
creature as a fusion of mortal host and spirit empower-
ment. They are created, not by a single spirit, but by a
process of rebuilding that roughly translates as "Clarifi-
cation." The result is something like a fomor but more
tightly woven — walking in the human world, imbued
with spirit power, and its ears filled with the OneSong.

The Drones area wildcard, iflcan use the term about
anything affiliated with the Weaver. They aren'tallies of
the tribe. They don't act like the various Weaver-spiders.
They sure aren't human any more. They'redamnidifficult
tounderstand even forus. But | feel we neéd to figure them
out. They might make allies when we most need them —
they might be soldiers on the opposite sidé, And maybe
our actions can guide some of them, oreven the whole
process, one.wayor'thé other.

Yeah, I know. I'm the picture of vain optimism.

Tok of tbe Datlgner

It shouldn't be much of a surprise that the other
tribes have damn little by way of a compiled body of
lore on the Drones. They're so damn rare and unassum-
ing that most Garou can't really tell them apart from
ordinary humans without getting very lucky. They
move through human society like an invisible ant
colony, doing the work of their mother with such
deliberate efficiency that it frightens even me. Now,
I've heard about the gorgons, and no Theurge of my
rank doesn't know about the Kami, and these guys are
both pretty subtle. They both have the ability to blend
in and even manifest as natural surroundings, which
makes them seriously difficult to detect. But they have
nothing on Drones. The Drone's ability to seamlessly
integrate with the sea of humanity causes no end of
headaches where detection and observation are con-

4

a

cerned. A Drone ina crowd is the proverbial needle in
the haystack, even to the eye of the most astute
Theurge. And youcan imagine the difficulties that any
non-"Urrah" would have!

[My humblest apologies to any member of our
sibling tribes who is reading these words and taking
offense. I exaggerate for effect, honestly.]

But rare or no, unassuming or no, don't be fooled
into thinking that these creatures lack the numbers
and power to pose a genuine threat. They are danger-
ous because they posséss potent abilities, and a surety
of purpose that transcends that of even the most
dedicated Philodox..1 would personally equate it with
fanaticism, because I believe that Drones are not
wholly bereft of free will — but that they are so
dedicated to bringing about the vision of absolute
order to the Earth that ordinary devotion just isn't a
strong enough concept.

Thaye'to be up front about this: This document is
not what I would.consider complete. That is, it con-
tains what I consider the best, most accurate informa-
tion about the origin, tasks and general abilities of the
Drones gathered over a period of years of observation
and collaboration, but it isn't perfect. In a few cases, all
I have to offer is speculation. I live in fear that some
information included here is inaccurate enough to
lead areader into making a fatal mistake — but in spite
of that, here | am disseminating my findings. I realize
that documents like this are a potential security breach
waiting to happen (and Jeasksthat this particular
document, likeimost other GWnet communiqués, not
be distributed or copied save to the most secure fetish
computers). Even so, I'm of the opinion that oral lore
is no longer good enough. | only wish that more of our
people were willing tomore carefully compile informa-
tion on our real enemies, so that we could all share the
vital facts that otherwise get lost when Galliards don't
meet often enough.

For those readets who take umbrage at my clearly
"Urrah" sentiments, you can ritually lynch me later. |
only ask that you read this document first, so that you
have the information and can spread it in a more time-
honored fashion as you see fit.

T00, Too Sih Lath

The simplest definition of a Drone, as it applies to
those mortals who have become one with the De-
signer, is "any sentient creature that has visited or been
brought into the Pattern Web itself and become bodily
infused with a Weaver-spirit, thereby becoming a
hybrid of flesh and spirit." Typically, a would-be Drone

Possessed

a

|


is drawn into service of the Weaver by coming into
contact with the OneSong, and being enraptured by it.
For those not familiar with the OneSong, it can best
be described as a transcendent language likened to
music; it flows like music, without words but with a
definite cadence. The OneSong is known and used in at
least a rudimentary form by all the Designer's children.
Almost every Glass Walker Theurge (such as myself)
hears it at one point, "and... It's hard to describe.
Beautiful without any real beauty, rhythmic and seduc-
tive without being warm or inviting. It can embed itself
in your psyche the way that the most cunning commer-
cial jingles or pop song
think we would be mu
weren't for our Rage — thi
anger breaks the rhyth
heard stories about Glass W
the OneSong, and I have to
atalowebbatthe time... buttha

can say that this seems thet: most

is in anear-meditative state of min
by pure logic, reason, mathematics.
that each instance is a case off

the Periphery brings. Instead of find
or spiritual inspiration (or, for
himself to the sige sspiritual a

unity with something greater i purer, unstained by
disorder — so he strains to hear more.

What happens next, I'm afraid, is anyone's guess.
Somehow the Drone-to-be crosses the Gauntlet into
the hands of the Weaver-spirits that remake him; I've
never heard of an actual case of Clarification happen-
ing in the physical world, guided by materialized
Weaver-spirits. I've heard rumors of this sort of thing,
mind; but until J actually get my hands on nothing less
than a first-hand account of these mythical cocoons
spun in sub-basements or server rooms, I'm going to
assume it doesn't happen. For now.

Once the subject is in her hands, the Designer's
spirits cleanse away (or "process," if you will) what they
perceive as "impurities" in the host body, and add a
measure of "purpose" (which is, of course, a guiding
spirit portion). The term that the spirits use for this is
best translated as "Clarification." By their logic, the
subject becomes a more distilled, purer version of what

ee

eh

Chapter Two: Perfection

he was meant to be all along. Think of it in terms of the
scientific process of proving a theory — uncertainties
and errors are ironed out, until there's one true law left.
That law was true all along, and I imagine that the
assumption is that the Drone was the human's true form
all along. It just required Clarification to bring it out.
This is, by the way, one hell of a can of worms; it
blurs the distinction between scientific process and
outright abuse of the power to Name. But I'll leave that
for another time, because I don' 't consider myself

_ ‘Il pardon
resultant entity is out-
ntered the Weaver's
grown into a more

the ideal human isn't

the Drone is that it has
ly altered, and yet not one
the least little bit different
here aren't even any "defor-

—nohidden
w skin or con-

same as it was befo:
ent, it would causé disruption, disorder, all those
things that Weaver-spirits are famously intolerant of
(with the exception of the more creative spirits of
progress and advancement, who at least understand
that progress by its very nature can't happen seamlessly).
Is it any wonder many septs don't even really believe
that the Drones exist?

Of course, the process isn't exactly perfect. Or
rather, it is, and that's the problem — the little imper-
fections of nature are removed. You can find some
physical evidence of the Clarification if you know
what to look for. For instance, the epidermis has its
blemishes smoothed over — a particularly large scar
might remain, but it's been faded somewhat. Small
scars, like acne scars, vanish. Birthmarks might go
away. I would presume that tattoos go away too, but to
be honest, I haven't observed a single Drone who

43
ceememananie.


Nec aranae ere ara CR RP 2 A IRTP

would have had the mindset to get one. Of course,
times are changing, and I wouldn't be surprised to see
the archetypal college student with the tiny tattoo as
her sign of "rebellion" go Drone after too much time
spent in administrative duties. She'd probably be just
as useful, if not more so, than the weedy Herbert
Kornfeld pencil-pusher in Accounting.

Another larger sign is that the body is basically
maximized to its utmost potential. Diseases just don't
seem to work in a Drone body; Clarification probably
removes even genetic disorders like anemia, and harm-
ful bacteriacan't take root. The senses become sharper,
too. The common "dead giveaway" for a Drone, for
example, is any person who suddenly feels comfortable
eschewing the prescription glasses he or she has been
known to wear for years.

The Drone's regenerative processes (which are
common to all Drones; I'll get to this in a bit) also
have an effect on the body. When a Drone regener-
ates damage, it doesn't heal its body back to the way
it should be — it heals it back to the way it was. As
in, the way it was at the time of Clarification.
Everything about a Drone seems to be geared to
preserving that pristine state. Their hair doesn't
grow any more. They don't scar, ever. I imagine they
don't age, either (not that I've spent enough time
studying them to say for sure). If it weren't for the
fact that they can walk around in the sun whenever
they like, and that they don't have Wyrm-smell to
them, I'd say we were looking at the original version
of those goddamn vampires.

Finally, "needless" physiological processes seem to
be eliminated. If you'll pardon my crudity, I spent a
sleepless weekend following a Drone last year, and
although I had to make a few pit stops, the Drone didn't
go to the bathroom once. I imagine their metabolism
has been perfected so that every scrap of food or drink
they ingest gets used. Drones also seem to have zero sex
drive, even for a human; and female Drones don't
menstruate. Both factors are almost certainly related
to the fact that they're sterile; incapable of creating
new life, something of aside effect of too much Weaver
in their bodies.

Yes, [cansay with certainty that they're sterile. Please
don't ask me how I managed to get that information.

Wewfel Uniformity

Setting aside these physical changes, it might be
accurate to say that the greatest alteration to the host's
make-up lies in the changes wrought in his personality.
This is perhaps the Drones' greatest exploitable weak-
ness, for one. From what we've seen, the "one mind" of
the Weaver doesn't seem to fully subsume the Drone's

on

old mind — after all, the Drone needs some degree of
autonomy in order for it to accomplish its goals with-
out requiring constant guidance or support.

Rather, the new composite mind (and the juxtapo-
sition that ensues) begins to manifest itself in the
Drone's behavior. Every Drone I've observed shares a
single-minded obsession about order and symmetry.
They arrange their environments into more ordered
patterns, and adhere to obscure and often rigorously
demanding routines. I've noted a couple of cases in
which the host, pre-Clarification, was already prone to
this sort of thing: diagnosed with OCD (Obsessive
Compulsive Disorder) or autism, most notably. This
may be one of the things that sets a potential host on the
path to being marked for Clarification. Their brains are
already in the right frame to accept the alien logic of a
Weaver-spirit, and a number of them may well already
be in tune with the OneSong before they're ever carried
across the Gauntlet. Perhaps some possess a form of
altered perception that grants them the ability to hear
on wavelengths largely inaccessible to others.

Needless to say, Drones become some of the most
organized people on Earth. They aren't comfortable
outside a controlled situation, but as long as they have
confidence that things are well in hand, they're re-
markably efficient. If it weren't for the fact that they
aren't dynamic and not really given to bettering their
own state of affairs, they might even be considered
paragons of society, at least where humans are con-
cerned. I can certainly think of some people who'd
love it if more people were punctual to precision,
faultlessly observant of the law and completely effi-
cient at their day jobs.

Another trait shared by all those that give them-
selves over to the Weaver involves access to the com-
munal realm of Weaver-thought, sort of a "hive-mind,"
as some like to call it. As you may be aware, this is a
collective thought stream shared by all Weaver-spirits
and most of her servants. This isn't a perpetual buzz of
telepathic conversation, mind; more of an innate con-
nection to an efficient communications network. Any
creature with a link to the hive-mind may, at any time,
"hook in" and relay an emergency message to all those
likewise linked. The urgency of this distress call is heard
strongest by those nearby (and probably won't be heard
outside a certain distance), btit any actual response is of
course dependent upon who is listening and what their
current duties may involve.

Unfortunately, a Drone's link to this hive-mind
also means that his "superiors" have what amounts to
unrestricted access to his thoughts at any time, day or
night. From what I've gathered, this access has to be
exercised — the spirit overseeing a Drone's activities

Possessed

eeeraeaseon

L

reads the Drone's thoughts only when it actively opts
to do so — but cannot be avoided. Moreover, any
Weaver Incarna can, if it so desires, override a Drone's
nervous system and take direct control of his actions
like a puppeteer, typically in order to complete a
specific task or set of tasks. It's a rare occurrence, one
that I've only heard about through spirit conversation
and never observed.

There's theoretically a way out of this, mind.
Sometimes the personality of the host exerts itself, I
believe whenever important memories are at stake. In
an effort to remember things that were important at
one time, the Drone winds up trying to remember the
emotions attached to those things, and therefore
scrabbles for a bit of individuality. I don't know how
long a Drone might be able to hold off its Weaver-
impulses and take independent action (before, of course,
a superior noticed and set it straight), but I have to
assume that it would do little good. Clarification isn't
like possession; an exorcism won't remove the spirit. I
think the only way fora Drone to be split into flesh and
spirit is to die — not good news.

Now, I'm far from phobic as far as the Weaver and
her spirits are concerned. There's nothing wrong with
the way that Weaver-spirits reason, despite the misgiv-
ings of our peers. They're basically like any other spirit
in that they're the ultimate expression of their arche-
type, and most of them just happen to be task-related
rather than based on emotions, living species or what
have you. I don't think like a Weaver-spirit, but I can
understand one on the most basic level, and I can
negotiate with it without too much trouble.

That said, the Drone "personality template" scares
me shitless.

See, the thing about Weaver-spirits is that they're
designed to fill their role and fulfill their tasks, and not
much else. They aren't designed to interact with the
physical world, except from the perspective of influ-
encing it by spinning their webs in the Umbra. They
are wonderfully designed for their jobs, but that makes
the way they think (if I can even use that word
accurately for a Gaffling) completely unlike the way
that human beings think. They have no instinct, no
emotion, none of the basic programming that makes a
living creature not just an inhabitant of the world
around it, but part of it. When you implant something
like that in a human being.... It's not designed to run
a human body, not really. It's not designed to be a
member of society. "Humanity" is an alien concept to
it, viewed analytically through a thick glass lens.

It frightens me that the Weaver would resort to
changing humans into Drones. I realize that the hu-
man experience is farther beneath her than the para-

Chapter Two: Perfection

a -

ennai

mecium experience is beneath us, but each Drone is an
example of everything we love and value about hu-
manity processed into something wholly different. |
wish there were a way to get her to see that she doesn't
need to do this, that the world will run fine without this
kind of meddling.

But I guess that's what we needed the Wyrm for
way back when.

Upgrades

As disturbing as some of these changes may be to
us, they're just cosmetic compared to the actual power
instilled in a Drone. Sure, the Weaver may prefer
people who act and think like Drones do, but her
subordinates wouldn't go to all the trouble of Clarify-
ing people if they didn't have more specific tasks to
fulfill. And to fulfill those tasks, the Drone receives
some pretty significant power.

I'd already mentioned that all Drones don't scar,
don't have to take unnecessary bathroom breaks, and
that they probably don't age. These are nice advan-
tages — well, except for the lack of scarring, which
would pretty much leave a lot of Fenrir without much
to talk about at their moots. But they're all really just
side effects of the Drones' most potent and universal
power, a kind of self-repair that rivals even our own
healing ability (and surpasses it in some ways). The
Weaver-spirit woven within repairs damage of all
kinds to its host, pretty much from the moment it is
inflicted. Even wounds that give us bad trouble like
burns, acid and the teeth and claws of our own kind will
be healed eventually (and of course, Drones have no
trouble with silver whatsoever). Given a day or three,
most Drones can and do completely revert to their
"true" idealized forms. From what I've observed, this is
the innate by-product of having been Clarified, and is
a trait held in common by all Drones.

Drones can also use the "hive mind" to good effect.
Although it's fairly rare to have more than one Drone
in an area at once, if they're there, they can communi-
cate with one another fairly efficiently if the need
arises. I imagine they'd be able to pull off some damn
effective pack tactics if they had to.

Individual powers are a little harder to catalog,
and I imagine anyone who's spent lots of time fighting
fomori can empathize. I've seen instances of Drones
controlling computers with a touch, discharging elec-
tricity, raising the local Gauntlet for a short time, and
demonstrating superhuman strength, agility, and even
intellect. Regrettably, a Drone's individual abilities
don't mark his physical host the way that a fomor's
might, so it's damn difficult to determine which are the
gifts a Drone has received toward accomplishing his

45
mae

fA EE PE, ECE SSE Sat EE SES SPATE LPO TET,

Seer er ren eee cre are ore amma remove

particular tasks, and which are common to all his kind.
Apologies, but I have no particularly useful blanket
statements here other than "expect almost anything."

Ierefelevnlfe Dafa?

The big question on some of your minds must
surely be: Can the process be reversed? Unfortunately,
I haven't seen any evidence to suggest that it can.

The fact that Clarification isn't possession is at its
most frustrating here. Drones are a true synthesis, a
merging between Weaver-spirit and host that alters
the subject on a deep, virtually cellular level. As
previously noted, this happens completely in the
Umbra, usually in a Web or similar strongpoint of
Weaver activity. When the Drone returns, he's more
fundamentally changed than any fomor. Removing

The Story of Fohn Doe

Cut-and-pasted from the logs of Frances Raye
Automancer:

Some months ago, a solitary individual — we'll
éall/him, "John Doe" — was caught breaking into a
laboratory-office in Atlanta; fetish research stuff, for
the\most'part.\At first, the:guy appeared to be lost;
claiming ‘that:he had*stumbled-into the-lab by ‘acci-
dent while searching for aweb of offices (sic) nearby.
Upon closer scrutiny, however, the Master of the Rite
present noticed 'that.the man. bore ssomé,unusual
characteristics, andtipon further more mystical seru-
tiny, smelledwery strongly of the Weaver, Aftersome
discussion,/it was ‘ultimately decided that John was
indeed possessed by a Weayer-spirityand that we had
rather accidéntally caught ourselves a/Drone.

; John was takenjto the deep secure area where we
keepresearch labsfor visiting personnel, and we settled
into interrogation: Underinitial questioning; he proved
a, tough' nut' toycrack, He said: little, answering only
those' specific questioris that seemed toybe‘on' some
internal, pre-approved list. One of us ran a background
check on! him; and thé resulrs came back indicating
that he did indeed have a family once — located tight
herein AtlantasA phone call revealed that John had
gone missing some years before; andthatthe family had
all but givenup hope. After making some preparations;
‘we Sat On this information for some time; realizing the
trumpicard forwhatit was, and décided to slowly work
toward-the best time at which to play its

We made John believe thatwe'were convinced of
his"inndcence" and, accompanied with profuse apolo-
gies; Offered to bring him: into) another part'of the
building,for a debriefing before:his release; This sec-
tion, of the building, by the way, -is/a particularly
valuable :piece"of research'we're working on, some-
thing the residetits like to call "The Garden." Even we
Glass Walkersneeda place to break from the Weaver's
energies now, and again, and the Garden is the place

_ofresidence of no few powerful Gaian spirits, invited
tO invest a)portion, of themselves into the Garden's

verylayout and construction. Asa result, the very air
isthickwith life, energy, andimost of all with change.

We sat John.down and spoke in calmand sooth-
ing tonesofhis life and of his work. We reminded him
of that which he left behind — of the life he could
have had, had he nor' given himself:over to the
Weaver in ways humans weren't meéant.to do. (Not
that we were using these terms, precisely. What are
we, idiots?) Something:began to stir-behind John's
€yes;andhe grew at once both startled and confused
by his surroundings. Recognizing the time was at
hand; we decided to play our desperate trump card:
His daughter "Jane" was broughtin.and led across the
Garden:to her father: At seeing her for the first time
in yéars, John. burst into tears, hugging his daughter
with all. the strength of his perfect, idealized arms.

Nov long‘theréafter, he broke down and told us
everything. He told us of the OneSong, and how it had
calledito-him-one night; he tolduus of his being drawn
into/the Pattern Web and given the Clarification
process. (Regrettably, he remembered little of the
process itself.) He.also waxed fairly poetic on how he
felt like'a part ofa truly greater whole for the first time
upon his emergence his "rebirth,"'as he called it.

Sadly, John didn't survive to enjoy the rediscoy-
ery of his. potential."As he.spoke; his tone. grew
anxious, his words rushed. He seemed: to be strug-
gling against time to give us all the data he could
about his\Jife ‘asa Drone: His face began to redden,
and'as he reached the "climax" of his recollection,
his throat seized up; his eyes rolling into the back of
his head., His mouth turned upward and ‘sweat
streamed, down his face, before his. body gave in on
itselfand he slumped.to the floor; twitching.

Ofall the shocking revelations of that day, the
worst was my recollection that John had asked that
we temoye his daughter from the Garden before he
would speak. Though have no empirical proof to
support the claim, I believe that John knew the price
he would pay for betraying the Designer. Somehow
he knew. And-even more amazingly, had decided
that he‘no longer cared.

Permission granted to fotward this to all inter-
ested parties. Hope it helps:

46 Possessed

le

eaienieiatiaieteia 4


the Weaver-stuff from his body wouldn't be like re-
moving a cybernetic implant — it'd be like trying to
leech all the amino acids out of his body without
disturbing anything else. If such a thing isn't impos-
sible, it's near enough to make little difference.
Although all this would point us to the seemingly
undeniable conclusion that all Drones are irretriev-
ably lost to the Weaver, I still have some instinct that
tells me that Clarificatfon can be undone or revoked.
The human spirit isn't as easy to conquer completely as
some of our more fatalistic brethren from other tribes
might believe. From an anecdote I've heard, a Drone
can actually decide to tear himself bodily away from
the OneSong — although such a decision isn't only
difficult, it can lead to being outright terminal.

Te Sptrtt Element

It's an old saw among Theurges: "Understand the
spirit, understand the fomor." If you know that a spirit
of greed and gluttony possesses a host, you know you
can count on the fomor's hunger being a weakness you
can exploit. Unfortunately, that pearl of wisdom means
crap-all when you're talking about Drones. Weaver-
spirits have less individual personality than Banes do;
they don't personify any particular emotional state or
life experience.

It seems pretty logical that most Drones are cre-
ated by the integration of a Gaffling-level Weaver-
spirit. The human is already supplying the useful
elements of autonomous behavior and creative thought
processes, so a spirit capable of such isn't really neces-
sary. The spirit needn't be particularly powerful in its
own right, either; it isn't actively lending its potency to
the host. A fomor can draw ona portion of its resident
spirit's destructive fury, but the entirety of a Drone's
spirit half is woven throughout its physical form.
Binding a more powerful spirit into a Drone is usually
an exercise in redundancy — most inefficient.

Note that I said "usually." Some Drones are fabri-
cated for more difficult tasks than others. You can
indeed run into a Drone that's beefier than his breth-
ren because he's got a Jaggling inside him. I've encoun-
tered exactly one that I'd guess was a result of such
tinkering. I would personally have placed him as
roughly triply as dangerous and effective than a more
rank-and-file Drone.

Now, because every Drone is linked into direct
communication with the Weaver spirit hierarchy, that
means you have to take into account the motivations
of not only the Drone, but all his superiors. From my
previous experiences with Weaver-spirits, | can com-
fortably say that they don't go in for micromanagement
all that much. You can worry about a direct superior

SS

Chapter Two: Perfection

Nn ee

overriding a Drone's mind and controlling his actions,
but it's much less likely that one of the Weaver
Incarnae like the Machine is going to take a personal
hand in things. But it could happen.

What this means on a practical level is that the
average Drone is, weirdly enough, not nearly as pre-
dictable as you might think. Yes, they like patterns and
order to their lives and operations. But they can switch
between almost total host autonomy to the unfathom-
able thought processes of an Incarna in picoseconds. It
might never happen to a particular Drone. It might
happen all the time. So I would advise my esteemed
readers to spend some more time observing the various
spirits of the Weaver if they plan to study or deal with
Drones. If you really want to know how an alternator
works, you'd better know the principles of the whole
combustion engine.

Fiatht

And to whom does the Designer issue its seductive
message, the call of the OneSong? What sort of predis-
position does it take to mark oneself as a potential
Drone? Well, I don't believe any one character trait is
the key. Verisimilitude is the key to a well-rounded
unit, right? But there are patterns. Wherever the
Weaver is involved, there are always patterns.

First and foremost, the Weaver loves humanity.
She's had a long-standing connection with Man ever
since he first stood upright, and the gifts she bestowed
upon him— Dogma, Science and Technology — have
helped guide him from the darkness of savagery and
into the light of modern day. No other animal can
make such use of her gifts, and so the Weaver prefers
humans to all others. This is true of Drones as well;
there's never been record of an animal undergoing
Clarification, and I'd wager there never will be. In this
day and age, most humans are already more than a few
steps towards the OneSong to begin with. With their
high-speed internet access, digital bit technology, and
genetic researching, humanity at large has committed
to striding headlong into the Information Age — the
Age of the Weaver, according to some. (Some who
don't particularly get that such an age would be pretty
frickin' short, considering we're a few breaths from the
End. But whatever.)

It's a fine line, mind. For the very reason that
humans are preferable — because of their advanced
intellect and predilection towards tool use, scientific
thoughtand technology — they also have to be watched
very carefully. The Wyld is specifically attracted to
lower life forms like plants and animals, because it has
no need of particularly "advanced" thought in its
servitors; the Weaver likely can't use them at all. The

OTST A AE TEES A RRP ES RCAF EST WEY FO SE ES ATE TERPS

47
emer,


Sere erence cor ee erence area a rem umaremamnerenew

Designer needs evolutionarily advanced entities ca-
pable of advanced manipulations and deductions, and
more importantly, it requires sentience. Of course, what
the Weaver requires of a sentient being isn't always
what a sentient being requires of himself; a dichotomy
which results in a constant and tenuous balance in the
overall state of Weaver/Drone affairs.

The ideal human host is likely someone who is
already inclined to desire order and harmony over
chaos and individualism, and who gets that fateful
exposure to the OneSong. Sure, this can mean author-
ity figures like police or politicians, but the very nature
of their jobs exposes them to a lot of different stimuli.
It takes a particularly single-minded cop to pursue
order above all other goals, or one that doesn't really
interact with people all that much. Some scientists
work much better, particularly if they're far more into
the Naming aspect of science than the exploration
aspect. Some religious zealots are also quite suitable,
although quiet pressure to conform is more the Weaver's
way than fire-and-brimstone hell-raising fundamen-
talism. (I classify the more extreme atheists as "reli-
gious zealots"; talk to one of the ones who's deeply
offended by the idea of other people believing in a
higher power sometime and see for yourself.) A job
that allows access to plenty of technology is good, and
one that requires time spent around communications
technology is all but ideal. I've heard the OneSong
faintly when spending time in a server room; imagine
someone who has to work there.

Sipernaturd lath

From everything I've said, it would seem that hu-
mans and only humans are suitable for Clarification.
Not quite. There are, after all, a few more life forms (and
unlife forms) on the planet that happen to be sentient
and capable of getting the most out of technology.

Yes, we're one of them.

This is where my information gets highly theoreti-
cal. I've only encountered one supernatural Drone,
and heard of three more; all were shapeshifters. I would
wager it's our ability to travel the spirit world that puts
us at risk; we can go places where the OneSong is
louder than front-row seats at aconcert, where youcan
barely move because the air is thick with the potential
for stasis. If one of us with enough sympathy for the
Weaver and her current unenviable state, or enough
belief in the importance of her goals, happens to go to
the wrong place, it could happen to us. Clarification
would probably be more invasive, as a lot of the spirit
matter in us would have to be removed to make room
for the implanted material —but it can happen. (This
is, by the way, an incredibly bad thing. The once-
Garou Drone I encountered was incapable of

4,

8 wy ~

shapeshifting, and had lost almost all of her connec-
tion to Gaia Herself. More on this later, but trust me:
It made me actually wonder if becoming a Drone
wasn't as bad as becoming a fomor.)

A theory posed by one of my colleagues, the
inestimable Fury Theurge Marja the White:

"Like her Triatic brethren, the Weaver grows fat on the
promulgation of the very ideas over which it holds dominion
— order, symmetry, technology — and it has an unerring
sense of itself.

"Whena Garou, for example, makes enough Weaver-
ish waves in the ocean of Weaverspace, the Designer herself
seems to take notice. She then ‘tags' that supernatural,
watching for further signs of the creature's commitment to
her ideological portfolio. I believe that such individuals are
given Tracers, minor Weaver spirits that attach themselves
to a given creature from the Umbra, thereby allowing the
Weaver to monitor that creature across all space, time and
distance. Such a notion is purely conjecture, of course, but
seems alikely explanation for the Weaver's dogged determi-
nation where potential Drone candidates are concerned.

"Once the candidate has reached a certain level of
Weaver affiliation (or perhaps dependency) , the Designer
makes her move. As with other Drones, she gently nudges
the supernatural in the right direction, preferring the volun-
tary subjugation of free will to anything so brutish as
coercion. Once the call of the OneSong has been heard and
followed, itis simply a matter of leading the entranced being
to the right Umbral door. From there, we can only suppose,
butit is safe to assume that a standard Clarification process
is then employed (perhaps with a few modifications) ,
bonding the Awakened being to the Weaver and thereby
creating a new Drone of a hyper-powerful sort."

I'm not sure how much I agree with her, but the
theories are sound. I'm not sure how supernatural
entities such as vampires who are incapable of Umbral
travel would follow the same pattern, but if a human
can attract the Weaver's attention, why not one of
those unaging, inflexible fucktards?

Jatipfe Dronat

The worst difficulty we have with studying, iden-
tifying and dealing with Drones is that they're awfully
difficult to tell apart, not just from ordinary humans (or
whatever), but also from, one another. They're de-
signed to operate within society without drawing at-
tention to themselves, and that means that they have
more in common, at least from an external perspec-
tive, with humans than they do with each other. We
asa people have been able to identify enough recurring
patterns with fomori to pick out a few "breeds" — no
such luck with Drones. It all hails back to the process
of Clarification being different than possession. In-

Possessed

ae


stead of an identifiable sub-breed of Bane initiating a
common process of possession with predictable results,
a Clarification can use some or all of a particular spirit,
or even elements of multiple spirits to produce the
ideal worker, soldier or the like. It just goes to show you
that even though the Weaver isn't the best at creation,
she's still a powerful force for innovation.

The only thing we have to work with is function.
Drones assigned to sirfilar tasks are likely to have
similar powers. A soldier Drone is more likely to be
strong and fast, maybe with some electrical or techno-
logical war-abilities, than a subtler Drone assigned to
protecting the Veil. So although there aren't breeds or
even really castes, there are tasks, and those produce
enough differentiation that we can separate Drones
into a few separate groups, however vaguely defined.

Yes, I know. It isn't terribly scientific. Sorry; I'ma
Theurge, not a taxonomist.

Reavyrances

"What exactly happened here?" The civilian's voice
was very calm, almost soothing. It was about the best thing
that had happened to the harried beat cop all night.

"Some sort of wild dog attack, near as we can figure."
He wasn't sure why he was being so free with the informa-
tion, but something told him that the curious man in the
jogging suit wasn't the sort of person to spread rumors.
"Nasty work — must've been part wolf."

"Perhaps so. I've heard that a dog-fighting ring set up in
the neighborhood; maybe a few of their dogs escaped. That
seems logical," and the already weary officer found himself
agreeing completely. "I know a thing or two about dogs," the
man continued. "Could I look at the scene? I could probably
tell you some things that might set your mind at ease."

Procedure fought with an inexplicable desire to trust
the stranger, and lost. "Sure. Go on ahead."

The first Drone I ever noticed turned out to be
dedicated to the pursuit of damage control — specifi-
cally, working against threats to the greater Veil. I've
encountered others like it since, and I believe they're
the most common function-set of Drone. I imagine
they're authorized and engineered by the Weaver's
spirits of Harmony and Science, designed to smooth
over any disruptions that might interfere with a com-
mon human perception of the world.

These fellows are the proverbial Men in Black,
albeit without the coordinated fashion sense (which,
let's face it, in lots of places stands out a lot more than
it blends in). They arrive at the scene of a peculiar
incident, and do their best to disseminate "logical
explanations," destroy unpleasant evidence, and oth-
erwise further the cause of Nothing To See Here. Very
subtle critters, and often invisible to human records,
even memories.

-. iela a iaaaaiec rience

eiccsieiniiaatiiaaiamnniiiticatciliita ie alcess

Although these living reassurances make my skin
crawl with their cold, slick insinuation into the minds
of humans around them, I'd have to say that they're
more of a mixed blessing than a curse. Yes, they have
a tendency to undermine efforts to get humans think-
ing of the world in terms of something other than the
material. However, they're also all but allies when it
comes to making sure that the wrong information isn't
being released. Sometimes you can get one to do your
work for you— just make sure you know the difference
between your work and his work.

Reawyparcet

"Damage control" is perhaps the most common.
task of a Drone, and Garou are'more likely to cross
a Drone with this mission than any other? These
Drones are also the most likely of any sort toleave
the cities, as their duty of rumor suppression often'
takes them to small rural séttings. Such a Drone)is
very unlikely to offer a fight:to shapeshifter opposi-
tion, and will generally try to, preserve itself and
return later to' clear up any damage that' the
shapeshifters might have done to local per¢éptions.

Powers: (Bonus) Regeneration; (Suggested)
Homogeneity, Memory-Caress, Reassuring Pres-
ence, "Spirit Gift (Persuasion, Reshape Object),
Voice of Reason

Taints: None.

Prleklayert

Rite-of-Violence gave the spidery spirit one last whirl
over his head, then hurled it by the legs into the mandibles
of the next nearest one. The two went tumbling end over
end, but too many more were coming. "Burn you with
silver, Myria, what's keeping you?" he shouted. "Get
Constance out of here! The spirits won't manifest when
you're on the other side, and you can get her to healing!"

"T can't!" Back behind him, Myria's voice was almost
ayelp. "I can't get through — the Gauntlet, it's somehow
stronger than it was a minute ago! The spirits must have
reinforced it!"

"Impossible!" He meant it. "These are all war-built,
and they aren't spending the time working on the Gaunt-
let!" Two more fiber-optic-and-steel spiders smashed to
bits. "Nothing on this side of the wall has even tried!"

The question leapt into his head half a second before
Myria asked it. "But... but what about the other side?"

Abouta year back, I wound up following a guy with
Weaver-scent so strong that he had to be a Drone.
(You find me a mortal with that kind of scent that's
anything else.) It was very frustrating going for a while;
although he was walking a clear patrol area, he didn't

Chapter Two: Perfection 49

sen.

|

Seer ree een crea nares ia year a re snarensnrenseh)

seem to be doing that much. It wasn't until I started
trying to drop into the Penumbra to see if he was
creating any effect there that I figured it out. The
Gauntlet was harder, more resilient in his wake; subtly
so at first, but in a couple of places, he made it
temporarily near impassable.

Since that time, I've noted that there are others like
him. They devote their time and effort to strengthening
the Gauntlet, both by working small changes in the
environment that play down the spiritual side of the
world and by actually using their spirit-granted powers
to temporarily weave extra material into the wall. They
seem to be excellent fellows to have around if you're
having problems with evil spirits slipping through from
the other side, but imagine what would happen if one of
these Weaver-appointed bricklayers slipped intoacaern.
They're worth watching out for, believe you me.

Zridklayert

Raising the Gauntlet is one, of the. Weaver
spirit hierarchy's greater aspirations.-And: stich a
task is at its easiest when you have workers on both
sides.of the wall. working.to shore it up./Drones
dedicated to preserving or increasing the Gauntlet
usually use mundane methods to reinforce the wall
between the worlds—tidying up areas, making sure
things are orderly,'and so on, simply because their
powers are only-a temporary fix. However, they are
often deployed as'emergency gate-guards, patching
up anomalous.weak spots or working to keep en-
emies from shifting across.thée Gauntlet at-will:

Powers: (Bonus) Regeneration; (Suggested) Spirit
Static, Stasis Touch, Step Sideways, Triatic Sense

Taints: None. :

Jilghert

Coyote's Howl slammed shoulder-first into the hall-
way, her bulk shattering the drywall around her. She
winced as she rolled to all fours. That broke some ribs, she
thought quickly to herself as she braced to pounce, and
they're not healing. Vampire? Fomor?

The security guard rushed her like a linebacker smelling
aquarterback' s fear. Coyote's Howl leapt upward, smash-
ing out one of the overhead fluorescent lights — ceiling's
too damn low — as she raked under her. She felt the
guard's flesh part as he tumbled under her, and she landed
on her feet with the smell of blood on her claws. But the
guard didn' t fall, and before he turned to face her again, she
could see the translucent fibers lacing across his wounds,
beginning to seal them.

This was not part of the plan.

Now, from my experiences and studies, some
Drones are more dangerous not because they work

50
ee

quietly and subtly, but because they're designed to
fight. | imagine it was inevitable, but it appears that the
Weaver has authorized the creation of her own soldiers
on the material world. They're usually placed as guards
for particularly important nodes of Weaver-energy, or
sent out to destroy immediate threats to a local Web
(sometimes Wyrmish, sometimes not). They're rare,
and almost always used in adefensive mode; that's kind
of good news, but also kind of bad news. After all, we
ourselves are designed to excel in physical combat, but
that's not how the Weaver usually expands her influ-
ence. So although soldier Drones won't be invading
the bawns of caerns near you any time soon, that just
means you have to watch out for the subtler threats.
Thankfully, a soldier Drone is a potent fighter, but
not usually up to the standards of our own battle skills. If
it comes toa one-on-one fight, my money's on the Garou
nineteen times out of twenty. And we travel in packs
much more often than Drones do. Foolish cubs, exiles or
Ronin might be in some trouble, but for the most part,
war-Drones are much less a threat to us than they would
be to our Kin. Strong, hardy, and of course capable of
regenerating their wounds, but they're no werewolves.

Jofgbert

A war-Drone is something ofa rarity, although,
they. are becoming more and more common as the
days apparently, tick ever forward toward Apoca-
lypse. Fhéy.do not operate as war-fomori do; they
are more defensive and more focused) unlikely ‘to,
pick fights with Garou unlessthey have a direct
objective in mind (or unless the werewolves are
‘threatening something they're set to guard), Al-
though ‘strong, they aren't. quite a match for
werewolves, although a group of soldier Drones may
make excellent use of pack tactics owing to their
connections through the Weaver-mind.

Powers: (Bonus) Regeneration; (Suggested)
Enhanced Attributes (Strength, Dexterity,
Stamina), Invulnerability; Lethal Strike

Taints: None.

Jervors

The messages came in bursts, snippets of emphatic
half-rhythms pulsing against she current of the OneSong.
There was no language involved, merely the purest trans-
mission of information.

A thousand Pattern Spiders scurried along the webs,
each one's legs moving in absolute synchronicity with the
others'. A pack of Hunter Spiders rose abruptly to the ends
of their industrial-tool legs, neon blues burningin their eyes.
A mighty Chaos Monitor rumbled into motion, a flurry of
lights playing under its crystalline exoskeleton.

Possessed

ee


a a ip

And sitting on a subway seat, holdinga newspaper in _ things are just cold, hollow shells of people, conversing
front of her, the woman coordinating them stared quietly at | only when absolutely necessary and generally ignoring

nothing at all. outside stimuli to the point where most psychiatrists
The trickiest Drones I've ever detected are the would have them committed at once. They may be the
ones who just don't do much of anything active — at — most innocuous kind of Drone overall, but my claws
least externally. They appear to be just ordinary people, _itch to destroy them whenever I cross paths with one.
usually introverted, sometimes shut-ins. Their physi | The human being that ends up like this isn't even
cal lives aren't much, because the spirit reweaving is | remotely human any more. Not even remotely.
almost entirely in their minds. They're the informa-
tion nodes and web servers of the Weaver, storing vast Jarry

amounts of information within themselves and coor- Although the Weaver usually uses spirits to
dinating efforts between the local web-spirits. It took operate as reservoirs of data and communication
a lot of spirit negotiation and special observation hubs, sometimes it proves useful to have backup
techniques to even so much as identify one. My copies that are in the material world, where en-
packmates tried to move on one of these living servers emies are unlikely to look A Server should possess
once, but had to retreat in all speed when the pattern a high rating in the Symbiosis Background (pe.
spiders started massing. They're in constant communi- 105), which represents not only its connection

cation with their spirit brethren; that's something that with its resident spirit, but also its connection with
ante :
I don't think even one Theurge from our tribe wants. the greater hive-mind of the Weaver,

It's too much. Powers: (Bonus) Regeneration; (Suggested)

.

And on a personal note, these Drones are more Computer Link, Cry for Aid, Cybetsenses
unnerving than any other I've encountered. At least ainda: Nowe
the others have some vestiges of personality left; these... SNS

Chapter Two: Perfection 51

aS EE SD AY NY

2 rene er rere ore a area arr ary Sarena eran

Te Unchanging

It slid across the Gauntlet and into the elevator shaft
like an otter sliding into a river. The greater part of it looked
like a spider cast out of obsidian, all gleaming and black,
without a single flaw or discoloration to be seen. But four
of its legs were more like arms, with long, many-jointed
fingers, andits head was that of a hairless , beautiful man —
allin the same shining obsidian. Its four eyes were green, the
only color on it. It was maybe forty feet above the elevator
proper, but the werewolf looking through the access hatch
raised his hackles as if he felt it was in arm's reach.

"That is not a Hunter Spider," Ramble-Creek said in
a small voice.

The raven on his shoulder started beating its wings and
shrieking. Ramble-Creek felt the familiar touch of her
mind. "Notaspirit," she cried. "Ananasi—werespider —
or something that used to be! Run, Creek! Run!"

I'll admit it; | saved the most personally disturbing
for last. I still find it kind of hard to deal with, but I've
had a personal experience with... with a Garou who
underwent Clarification. I'll admit that I'm not the
most objective observer on this case, however. You'd
be the same way if it were your packmate.

I don't really want to go into the details too
heavily; she was a good soldier, an excellent judge, a
tremendous friend. I don't want to slur her name. But
she had trouble, sometimes; trouble with politics and
with laws and with enforcing the right thing to do,
when it wasn't always the legal thing to do. It wore on
her. She grew distant.

Idon't know when she really started turning to the
Weaver for answers. We tried to help her, because we
were afraid she was drifting into Harano. We freaked
out when she vanished, and even our totem couldn't
find her.

Then we found her in Chi-Town. She had found
— I guess it was a nest of Ratkin. I hadn't even known
there were still any left; I hope to Gaia she hadn't just
killed the only survivors. They were dead, of course.
She was standing there in Crinos form, and the blood
was running off her claws like Teflon or something,
and her wounds were stitching up in exactly the wrong
way. When she saw us, she said, "Please stay out of my
way." That's all. It was like we were strangers. And
then she was gone — not shifting, not stepping side-
ways, just bounding on all fours faster than she ever
had, and I have no idea where she is.

I've since heard of other Drones that used to
Change — a raven, a spider. Another Garou. I don't
know whether I should be looking for them to save
them, avoiding them, or hunting them down to free
them in the way we do best. I don't know.

=)

: —_——e

Shapeshifter Drones "are discussed in ‘more

~ detail at the end.of this chapter. They sacrifice

tmuchiof what makés them Gaia's chosen, and gain.

little enough in return, and yet theyare likely the

«most dangerous servitors the Weaver has walking
the physical world for her:

Powers? (Bonus) Regeneration; (Suggested)
Gryefor Aid; "Electrical Field) Elemental: Resis-
tance; Stasis Touch

‘Taints: None.

Decbng with Dronat

I would imagine by this point that you're getting
roughly as worried about the potential for Drone
conflict as lam. I've been trained to work with Weaver-
spirits. | believe very strongly that the Designer is as
necessary to the working of the world as Gaia Herself,
even if she isn't as merciful and benevolent as our
Mother is. I don't like opposing the Weaver on prin-
ciple the way that our fellow tribes might advocate, but
I realize that her servants don't hold the same high
regard for our own kind. Conflict with her fleshly
servants is likely inevitable. So how do you prepare for
a clash with Drones?

The first step is, of course, maintaining a strong
security level. Youshould be doing thisanyway, Drones
or no Drones. They're hard to tell apart from humans,
so don't let your guard down. You don't have to worry
about them carrying off your Kin, but they might try to
raise the Gauntlet in sacred places or otherwise be a
major inconvenience if you don't detect them in time.

Apart from that, well, it's hard to say whether
you're going to be up against a Drone in a competitive
fashion, or whether it'll just ignore you as unimportant
to its mission. But I'd recommend keeping the follow-
ing advice in mind:

DronatAre Silte

Mypackmate Vaughn Ten-Silver-Bullets said once
that Drones are an Ahroun's worst nightmare. He's
one of the Full Moons that are staunch proponents of
the "come out and fight like a man" school of thought,
and you're rarely if ever likely to see a Drone take you
up on such an offer. That's what makes 'em frustrating.
There are fomori who use human wave tactics (even if
the word "human" is a bit charitable), and there are
spirits who try to overpower you at first opportunity.
But if you're waiting for a Drone to give up and come
out into the light, you'll probably be waiting a long,
long time.

Possessed

ee

}


Drone lave a Porpate

The nature of Clarification means that the
Weaver's spirits can't turn out Drones on an assembly
line. I'd say there isn't more than one Drone for every
ten fomori in existence, and considering how strong
the Weaver is in our current age, that's a remarkable
number. The lack of independently-acting minions
capable of possession is a real drawback to recruiting
servitors in the flesh world. This is good news to some
extent, but also realize that this means that there are
no Drones without specific tasks. You might run into
some hillbilly fomor who doesn't have any greater
ambition than molesting his immediate family, but
you'll never meet a Drone that isn't serving some
greater purpose. Bear that in mind; the presence of a
Drone means some sort of greater activity is at hand,
and it's always good to get more information before
tearing out throats. That Drone may just be the enemy
of your enemy — albeit, not your friend.

Drones Were Pypman Once... Cpco.

The operative word here is "once." In other words,
no longer. Don't let the fact that they look like Barbie
or Ken or whatever make you stupid... they're aliens.
Even if their personality is still pretty close to what the
human host was once like, at any point a controller can
flip the switch and take over the Drone. At that point,
you're dealing with the mentality of apowerful Weaver-
spirit, something that processes and acts on informa-
tion in ways that even Glass Walker Theurges like
myself have difficulty comprehending. They aren't
necessarily your enemy, but they can "decide" to be
your enemy at any point. Keep on your toes, and for
heaven's sake, don't let that itchy feeling of sympathy
in your gut run the way you handle these critters.
You're gonna need all your concentration to keep up
with the Drone who's been following your every move.
Which brings me to my next point, the fact that...

Dronat Are Watchtag You

The most important and probably the most (if only)
accurate assumption you can make about Drones is that
they're everywhere. No, of course not literally; these
guys are probably even rarer than gorgons, and damn
rarer than fomori. But that doesn't mean that the
assumption is flawed. You should assume that they're
everywhere, because they could be. The guy sitting in
the parked car across from your place might be a Drone;
the bank teller might be tapped into the OneSong; your
credit cards, email accounts, and online memberships
may well have been tagged. (You were keeping an eye on
those already, right?) We're a people at war, and we may
be staring at a new kind of enemy trooper. A little
paranoia is a good thing, and it goes a long way.

Contfatvont

I think that's really all there is left to say, at least
until the next major breakthrough is made. I'm not
asking you to work yourselves up into a crusade and go
out howling for blood; history has shown us that rarely
works. The Drones aren't necessarily our enemies, but
they certainly aren't our friends. They might be useful
catspaws or allies of convenience, but be careful about
biting off more than you can handle. They're the
fingers of the Weaver on the material plane, and she
doesn't like having her fingers bitten. Just be cautious,
keep your senses sharp, and if you learn something
more, share it. The Drones might not be the greatest
enemy we have to face on the final battlefield. They
might not even show up. But for Gaia's sake, remember
they're out there.

Kennedy Fair-Optic

ys
Letigoing Droneat

Whether you intend for Drones to be the antago-
nists of your chronicle, as it often the case, or the
heroes of your players' stories, there are a number of
considerations that must be taken into account. The
first thing is to keep an eye towards theme. This book
is the Werewolf banner book for the Year of the
Damned, and for good reason. Stories which feature
possessed characters, and Drones in particular, revolve
in large part around the price of power. Although this
theme is central to all possessed characters, it is excep-
tionally pivotal where Drones are concerned.

While fomori can and often do come away seem-
ing like tragic victims, snared into their lot in life (and
thus the exchange of will for power) by the devious and
corruptive spirit-children of the Wyrm, Drones can
make no such claim. Every creature that comes to the
Weaver does so willingly and of its own accord, at least
in theory. Of course the OneSong is just as devious and
corruptive in its own way as anything a Bane might
have to offer, but it's not entirely the same situation. In
a very real sense, in order to become a Drone a person
must first recognize, decide, and then choose to accept
his fate. The fact that one may later come to regret the
decisions he has made is a key element in all Year of the
Damned stories, particularly those that come to fea-
ture Drones.

The second important consideration to keep in mind
when designing your Drone is duality. Everything about
a Drone, from its motivations to the thoughts at the very
core of its being, originates from not one but two places
simultaneously. While this holds true for fomori as well,
it is far less subtle an interaction. The urges of a Bane,

Chapter Two: Perfection 53

a

SSIS aN

cscs lillies

although layered beneath the surface of a host's mind, are
uniquely their own, filled with an evil that is clearly alien
or at least extreme where the host's own morality is
concerned. In Drones, the merging of the two minds is
nearly seamless... but only nearly. A Drone's mind is
forever teeming with thoughts that are not precisely his
own, streams of data he doesn't quite understand or bits
of code he cannot quite decipher. This maddening dual-
ity forces the Drone into one of two extreme positions. He
must either commit to the Weaver further in hopes of
eventually coming to some fruitful understanding of its
own contents, or struggle to keep the alien thoughts at
bay, maintaining the sense of self at all costs in the face of
all adversity, no matter how pervasive.

Drones: The Roper

Onchangtag Form

Drones do not age; their hair does not grow, nor do
their cells die. They cannot get sick; no disease has any
effect on a Drone, and Drones cannot even become
carriers. A Drone's body actively resists becoming in
any way unlike the form set during Clarification.

As a side effect of this trait, Drones are also com-
pletely sterile; the ability to create new life is not in the
Weaver, and it is not in her spirit servants. A Drone's
Weaver aspect may deny the Wyrmish trait of death, but
it denies the Wyldish trait of creation as well.

Regenerafion

The greatest benefit of the Drone's "perfect and
unchanging body," of course, is that the Drone's body
treats wounds as imperfection and unasked-for changes,
restoring even the most severe tissue damage given suffi-
cient time. All Drones regenerate at remarkable speed,
healing one bashing or lethal health level per turn (even
in combat). Even aggravated damage heals at the rate of
one health level per hour. Woundsseal and organs regrow
as tiny filaments reweave the flesh of the Drone; a Drone
can even regenerate limbs or organs, although this power
cannot restore a Drone from the dead.

This power also works very effectively against
powers that would reshape or transform a Drone's body
(such as the Gift: Curse of Lycaeon or the vampiric
power of Vicissitude). Vicissitude attacks are healed as
if non-aggravated damage, and even outlandish trans-
formations revert within minutes.

SyetleMbbiblat

Drones are incapable of personal growth; it's an
ability rooted too strongly in the fundamental forces of
change, which are in opposition to the Weaver's perfect
order. A Drone cannot raise any Traits with experience
points, and in fact earns no experience points whatso-

54
———

Wether of the Brood

_ Playing the-lone Drone, set. out to do the
Weaver's bidding on the Tellurian) is not' the
only way for these interesting possessed to come
into play. An optional method of playing and
designing Drones involves taking a bold Jeap
behind the scenes, as it were. It may require
some clever players (and anunderstanding Sto-
ryteller), but it essentially involves taking the
role Weaver spirititself, Controlling the Drone
(or, in| most cases} a handful of /Drones) from
behind the scenes like\a puppeteer:

Such charactets are called brood Drones, and
are created as per the normal/possessed character
generation rules. However, the difference is that
the\playergenerates more than/one Drone during
this stage — three is thenorm, as it is difficultevén
for the most powerful Weaver spirits to simulta-
neously dominate greater numbers of Drones —
and rather than' playing ‘the~Drone itself, acts
instead as the guiding Hand behind all its actions,
In this case, the coterie of Drones acts as some-
thing.of a Special Forces unit, responding to the
commands Of its commanding officer — the'gov-
ering Weaver spirit. Each individual/Drone moves
and acts/as normal, but under the complete' au-
thority and guidance of the spirit (the player).

Tn thecase of multiple domination, the link is
often'. less severe than: in the case/of a ‘solitary
override. Thus, each individual Drone maintains
something of his own personality (such as it is),
and will still react to things as that person' would,
even though his strings are actually being pulled
by the Weaver. This allows forsome intetesting if
somewhat schizophrenic scenes to play themselves
out, where the different mémbers of a brood unit
actually ¢onverse and even' argue' (on rare oeca-
sion) with one‘another. Also) at the Storyteller's
discrétion, any time'a partiéular, member of the
unit dies or is recalled,to the Umbra for re-weav-
ing, the playermay co-opta new Drone to fill thar
space in the Brood,

Naturally, this sort 6f approach lends itself
most easily to one-on-one games, where the Sto-
tyteller can be' free to devote all his time and
attention to the one player and his Brood of
Drones. Still, it's your game, and if the Storyteller
is ‘willing (and mentally, capable); iv may be
possible to.run a game of ‘multiple Broods, each
governed by a different player. Just don't )try it
with large groups unless you're willing to really
bend your heads.

Possessed

a

}

ever. Although Drones do remember their previous
experiences, they do not directly learn from them, at
least in such a way that makes them something other
than what they were at the time of Clarification.

This isn't to say that Drones can never achieve
higher rankings in a Trait; rather, they just can't
independently achieve that kind of growth. To be-
come better at what it does, a Drone must go in for a
"reformatting" of sorts, where it undergoes a second
Clarification — the reweaving.

The reweaving is entirely scheduled and overseen
by the Weaver-spirits administrating the Drone's du-
ties. The Drone himself doesn't get to choose what
new abilities he'll gain, what strengths of his will
increase — he doesn't even get to choose when the
next reweaving, if any, will take place. This is left
entirely up to his superiors, whom he must trust to be
appropriately generous. But then again, if he didn't
trust in the flawless harmony of the Weaver, he wouldn't
have undergone Clarification in the first place.

Vh}e- tind,
A Drone is linked to the web of communication
between Weaver-spirits, much as any phone is hooked

up to a larger communication network. The link isn't
always directly active — which is to say, the Drone

dt Tht Fates

Without the balancing system. of experience
points, the player of a Drone character is much
more at the Storyteller's mercy than the player of
any other character. There is no guarantee that a
Drone may get the upgrades necessary:to keep him
competitive withothercharacters. Thisis, of course,
one of the main drawbacks to giving oneself over to
the Weaver, and shouldn't be taken lightly: Still,
Storytellers may wish to consider allowing player
characters to keep track of "phantom" experience
points and then suggest ways'to spend them at
regularreweayings. We say "suggest" because there's
really no better way to-get across the utter depen-
dence on hierarchy than togive a Drone character
not what he wants, but what his superiors decide he
needs. We certainly won'tsend hit squads to-your
house if you even decide to. let Drone characters
gain and spend experience points as other charac-
ters do; whateyer keeps the game fun!

doesn't hear any communications that aren't intended
for him, and he doesn't broadcast his own thoughts
across the network unless he wants to. Weaver-spirits
that outrank him can initiate contact and read his

SAT TT Tf }

Ii


Senne ere me ene cores eres. reer ma reeemurrenae/renswh

thoughts at any time, although such contact is rela-
tively uncommon.

This link gives Drones a couple of significant
advantages. The first is that any Drone can broadcast
a distress call to other Weaver-servitors whenever the
situation requires it. The other servants of the De-
signer aren't required to answer, at least not if it isn't
their assigned task to do so, but there's always the
chance that help will arrive. Furthermore, multiple
Drones working on the same task can communicate
virtually telepathically, allowing them a measure of
coordination that Garou packs would envy.

The downside is that any Weaver-spirit that out-
ranks the Drone can override the Drone's very mind,
taking utter control of the Drone's body for as long as
it requires. The Drone remembers this period of time
flawlessly; it's simply that he's a passenger in his own
body. The Drone can decide to resist, but it isn't easy;
he must make an Autonomy roll, difficulty 8. Each
success staves off the override for one turn, and cer-
tainly raises the general alert that one of the Weaver's
servants is "malfunctioning." A Drone who exercises
what's left of his free will generally has a lot of explain-
ing to do afterwards.

One might be driven to wonder, and with good
cause, how does one get into the mindset of a creature
possessed of so little self-will? An entity that by its very
name evokes the image of a mindless thrall? The simple
answer is, youdon'tdoitall at once. Youdoas you would
do with any other character: Build your character from
the ground up. It is assumed that one begins life as a
normal mortal who then becomes drawn to the Weaver
through the OneSong or by some other means.

There's the key. Why was your character drawn to
the OneSong? What did the greater harmony of the
Weaver offer that the ordinary world didn't? What
would drive a person to surrender so completely? The
answers to these questions will give you a much clearer
picture of who your character is, why he underwent
Clarification — and what reasons he might have for
exercising his independence once in a while.

Of course, your Storyteller may allow or even en-
courage you to create a Drone who enjoys a more
"exciting" pre-Clarification existence; perhaps a Glass
Walker who "fell to the Weaver," or even a vampire
with a Derangement which the Weaver found uniquely
attractive. Whatever the case, build your character as
you would anormal member of that group, then layer his
post-Calcification existence down overtop the original
concept. Once the Weaver takes over, the voice of the
original individual, as it were, seems muted and unsure,

especially at the beginning of his second life (Drones do
not begin with very high Autonomy ratings, as the
Weaver's hold begins at precisely the level of strength it
requires in order to dominate the host).

From there it becomes a matter of continuing to
play the original character, but doing so continuously
funneled through the Rosetta Stone of Weaver thought.
Every urge, impulse, notion, idea or creative spark
seems to originate from well below the stream of
conscious thought, which is likely dominated by the
OneSong and the overall drives of the Weaver spirit
tenantatall times. How faint or how strong this "under
voice" appears is largely a function of how far along on
the path to independence the character has traveled.
Which leads us to a discussion of any Drone's single
most important Trait....

Drones avd Aufponomy

One might make a good case for the argument that
Drones, more than any other possessed, fully embody
the Trait of Autonomy and its attendant themes.
Their very nature suggests that they remain short in
the Autonomy department, but this is only the wish of
the Designer; underneath it all lies a unique individual
whose voice strains to be heard above the deafening
swell of the OneSong. This struggle will likely feature
prominently in many games which feature Drones (at
least those at center stage). Although the advantages
are many, the price paid for being part of the Designer's
plan is often too high to be borne for long. Some
Drones — even after a lifetime of service — eventually
begin to look for a way out, the door that might lead
them once more to freedom and individuality.

A Drone begins with an Autonomy rating, just as
any other possessed character. Unlike other possessed,
however, this Trait is the only Trait which the player
may purchase on his own thereafter — and then only if
the Storyteller decides to allow the purchase of Au-
tonomy with experience points (which she might not,
considering the general themes of a Possessed game).
Drones are immutable, as per the Weaver's design, and
any alterations to the character (such as new Powers or
Abilities) must come as a direct result of being "rewo-
ven" by the Weaver. This process must be repeated each
and every time a Drone wishes to learn anything new,
and the cost in both time and mental fortitude can get
very high indeed. After all, if a Drone must be dragged
into the Pattern Web every time his superiors decide
that he requires a new (or an increased) Ability, he may
very wellsoon come to resent her "ideal" nature. Drones
who wish to fight this endless cycle must carefully
preserve (or, if the Storyteller allows, even develop)
their Autonomy, often "in secret" from the prying eyes

56 Possessed

0 PL EBTIEN LE Dy, COLL CELEB Es, EIT SENSE TERE, STEED SOF CD EE,


\

\

of other Weaver-servitors, eager to get ahead by turning
in those fellows who aren't with the program. While it
is certainly an uphill battle, the benefit is that the higher
the Drone's Autonomy rating, the more independence
it is allowed, and the quieter the demands of the tenant
spirit become.

The downside to this free advancement is that the
Weaver may eventually take notice of the Drone's
fortitude. Specifically, whenever the Drone actively
links up to the hive-mind to issue a distress call, his
base emotional state is being laid bare; any Weaver
spirit "superior" bothering to take a look will be able to
develop a clear picture of the Drone's current amount
of Autonomy. This information can then be relayed to
higher-up Weaver-spirits, or even to other Drones in
the vicinity, in order to make everyone aware of the
current state of one of their own. Typically, such an
"all call" warning isn't issued unless the Drone in
question is discovered to be at an extremely high
Autonomy rating, such as a nine or 10.

Additionally, whenever such a Drone goes in for
"reweaving" (i.e., whenever he wants to learn some-
thing new), the newly alerted Weaver may attempt to
artificially reduce the Drone's Autonomy rating by a

Chapter Two: Perfection

 immpaaar g ecsinoccommaiaan

point, as an additional cost for the desired learning.
The Drone can fight this reduction and still learn the
new thing, but such a struggle should be difficult and
left largely up to roleplay (although Autonomy rolls
could certainly be involved). Such reweaving scenes
must be dealt with caution by the Storyteller, but can
provide for some intense roleplaying sessions when
handled correctly.

In the case of Brood characters, the Trait serves a
dual purpose. Not only is it the focal Trait for several
key Powers and rolls in all games featuring the pos-
sessed, but it also represents the limit of the Weaver-
spirit's ability to blend in and move through human
circles. Though not a mechanical system per se, the
Trait loosely governs how easily a Weaver-spirit pos-
sessed of an alien mindset can interact with humans
and other supernatural entities. If the brood Drone
possesses only an Autonomy rating of, say, one or two,
then the spirit will have difficulty with anything that
is not purely technical. On the other hand, a brood
host with an Autonomy rating of seven or eight would
likely help guide his tenant through the subtleties and
vagaries of day-to-day human and/or social interactivity.

NN
Paeeee °

Sipernatore Drovet

The question does present itself: Can any super-
natural being hear the OneSong? What happens if a
werewolf, even a vampire or mage, is seduced into
undergoing Clarification? Can it happen at all?

The answer is usually "yes... conditionally." Some
types of supernatural being can be made into Drones,
but the process of Clarification does tend to alter their
nature rather radically. They may lose certain of their
abilities as the Weaver-spirits remove portions of their
power to make room for the implanted spirit-stuff. The
results are variable, and they often lose more than they
gain (assuming that you aren't already of the opinion
that all Drones lose more than they gain, that is).

Sbapethifpert

The Changing Breeds are creatures of balance,
blessed with savagery and logic in equal portions, tem-
pering Rage with Gnosis and the will to control both.
But everything that rests in balance can be shifted out
of balance. A shapeshifter can lose track of her Rage, let
her Gnosis bleed away; she can forget the delights of
running wild and succumb to the beauty of the marvel-
ous spirit-symmetry of the Weaver. The process of
Clarification is a radical thing that strips away far more
than it grants — but for those shapeshifters who spend
too much time gazing into the Gauntlet, crafting techno-
fetishes or walking on the Webs, it's a temptation that
is sometimes too much to resist.

Shapeshifter Drones don't lose the ability to use the
Gifts they have, but they are incapable of learning new
Gifts. A Drone cannot use rites, as the spirits no longer
answer the call of a ritemaster who is now fully in a
different camp. (Orders forbid a Drone from using rites to
call on Gaian, Wyrmish or Wyld-spirits, anyway.) Most
metis Drones lose their deformities, unless their deformity
takes the shape of something the Weaver-spirits might
approve of (such as an obsessive/compulsive mental
disorder); they of course remain sterile, just as other
shapeshifters become sterile upon Clarification.

A shapeshifter Drone loses his Rage entirely (as
Rage tends to make one undesirably erratic). He can-
not frenzy, voluntarily or otherwise, even if Gifts or
supernatural powers are used on him. He no longer
exudes the predatory air common to werebeasts, and
humans are more comfortable around him (presuming
he's locked in a non-threatening shape), but non-
domesticated animals are exceptionally uncomfort-
able around him.

Any supernatural allergies to silver, gold or the
like remain in place; the Weaver-spirits don't recog-
nize these as something out of accordance with the way

58
as

things should be, and may in fact prefer the built-in
control they provide.

Most dramatically, becoming a Drone means no
longer being a shapeshifter, at least not literally. A
werebeast Drone is locked into a single form, the
potential of change forever denied her. She is unlikely
to even consider trying ever again; that portion of her
life was removed as unnecessary. She might be locked
into her breed form (in which case she gains the ability
to soak damage as if she were in Crinos, if she wasn't
metis to begin with), but the form really depends on
what the Weaver-spirits responsible for her Clarifica-
tion are looking for in a servant.

¢ Homid — Although being bound into human
form robs a werebeast Drone of much of its shapeshifter
strengths, it does take advantage of the ability to be
subtle. The Homid form allows seamless interaction
with human society, and homids also handily lack
their allergies to silver in this form. Such a form is
assigned to Drones intended for diplomatic or subtle
tasks (such as those possessed of handy Gifts such as
Persuasion or Ragabash Gifts).

¢ Glabro — Drones bound into Glabro are actu-
ally more common than those bound into Homid,
oddly enough. The "perfection" of Drone status ne-
gates the usual penalties to Manipulation and Appear-
ance that Glabro brings, making the Drone little more
threatening than a well-groomed bodybuilder. With
the addition of supernatural strength, a Glabro Drone
becomes useful for a wider variety of tasks than any
other shapeshifter Drone.

¢ Crinos — On the other hand, not even Clarifi-
cation can make the Crinos form acceptable to hu-
manity. Such a creature is designed for Umbral guard
duty or other assignments that require no interaction
with humans (or at least limited interaction that's
meant to take advantage of the Delirium). A Crinos
Drone is sleek and flawless, with fur that appears to be
more textured paint than individual hairs, and it may
speak any human tongue it knows without difficulty
(the underlying snarl in its voice is replaced with a
strangely metallic echo).

© Hispo— Just as with the Crmos-bound, a Drone
in Hispo form is best used for guard duty. They, too, can
communicate in human languages, and ignorant ob-
servers might even mistake them for huge guard dogs.
However, this is the rarest form of shapeshifter Drone,
and for good reason; one of the things the Weaver
loves best about her favorite servants is the ability to
use tools.

e Lupus — Lupus Drones are also very rare, as
they have fewer supernaturally enhanced traits, and
aren't even useful for infiltrating wolf packs. They

Possessed

ee


cannot speak human languages or use tools; however,
humans often mistake Lupus Drones for dogs (such as
huskies, malamutes or Akitas) or wolves interchange-
ably, depending on what the human expects in the
surroundings. They can be useful, but it's rare that the
Weaver-spirits overseeing Clarification don't choose a
more humanlike form.

The Fara

Of course, the Garou don't have a monopoly on
fallibility. Many of the Fera are just as susceptible to
the Weaver's lures, if not more so. Although the
predisposition to the OneSong is a highly individual
trait, most shapeshifters have a common enough cul-
ture amongst themselves that a few generalizations can
be safely made.

¢ The Ananasilare perhaps the most susceptible of
all shapeshiftersito the OneSong, even more so than the
Glass Walkers. The werespidets*elaim direct descent
from a great spirit that was in many ways an imperfect
copy of the Weaver, and the Weaver's touch is strong in
them. Tofall tothe Weaveris toforsake Queen Ananasa,
the mother of their race, but those who become Drones
often believe thatthey'reservingtheir mother's mother,
and therefore ‘closer to their origins than ever. An
Ananasi Dronestillfeeds on blood.and may,spend blood
points to activate its various Gifts; most are bound into
Homid or Lillian form, although a few Pithus Drones
exist, the ultimate physicalmanifestation of the Weaver-
as-Spider-Queen.

¢ Bastet are also somewhat likely to succumb to
the OneSong, for no other reas6n than their intense
curiosity. They,see the Weaver/as Rahjah the Maker,
great shaper of the world, and may decide to dance to
his music. The térritorial, subtle, dangerous Bastet
make ideal guardians for, importarit nodes, and any
werecat Drones are usually set to such'tasks.

¢ The Corax,share the Bastét's curiosity to an
equal degree, and aréjust as susceptible. Although the
wereravens are more dubious of the Weaver than are
the Bastet, the Corax aré excellent Umbral travelers,
and thus pass over the'sparkling, symmetrical glory of
the Web far more often. A Corax Drone is usually used
as a data retrieval, compilation and distribution spe-
cialist, in parallel to their usual role among the Fera.

¢ Gurahl arewery unlikel¥ito offer themselves to
the Weaver, due to their long viewoof things, but they
aren't immune to the idea. A very few werebears have
stumbled across a heretical way of thinking: To sew up
Gaia's wounds, wouldn't it be best to, use the strongest
thread there is? A bear-Drone is an excellent watch-
dog, but also makes a fine tender of the Gauntlet; they
are exceptionally rare, and thus not squandered on
trivial things.

¢ A few Kitsune havéalsoslipped down the slope
to Clarification. Thissshamiéful behavior is usually
attributed to pridéful sorcerers who think themselves
more capable of safely handlinigthe Weaver's energies
than they actually are. Such would-be puppeteers wind
up becoming puppets».used to coordinate Weaver-
spirits in grand harmonies of ultimate design.

¢ Mokolé are very rarely tempted by the Weaver,
largely thanks to their natural habitat; there are few
urban Mokolé, and those.that existare usually more
caught up in their, Ancestral memories than'in explor-
ing the cosmology of the Triat. The rare Dragon Breed
who heats the OneSong in Mnesisand fises to the lure
is often. used as a massivelStorehouse of Weaver-lore
and data, one that isn't easily, destroyed.

¢ The Nagah' have the same controls against
falling to the Weaver as they do against falling to the
Wyrm; they trayel in groups, and are careful to watch
over one another. If any Nagah Drones exist, they
likely fell as a nest, and may well still operate as a nest.
Unlikely, but....

© There has yet.to belaNtiwisha that undergoes
Clarification; the werecoyotes dogoa little too far every
now and again, but theychildren ofthe Trickster are
spiritually destified'to avoid following rules for their
own sake, and even to break down others' perceptions of
the same. As longas the Nuwisha enjoy such a personal
relationship with their spiritualjtotem and forefather,
there will probably never be a.coyote-Drone.

¢ Ratkin Drones,are also unknown; and likely
impossible. Although theirspiritual affinity for the
Wyld has touched the race of rat-shifters in some ways
that are somewhatdetrimental, it has also prevented
them from hearing the OneSong in a seductive fash-
ion. Even if a Ratkin were to somehow fall to Clarifi-
cation, she would likely be destroyed by her old com-
rades with great speed (as a.act of mercy, of course).

¢ Finally, most Rokéa,are very unlikely to be
drawn in to the Weaver's snares, as distant from the
works of man as they are#The exception, however,
would be the land-walkers. Their fascination with
humanity and their/works)can lead them farther and
father away(ftém Sea and intowthe clutchés*of the
Designer (or, if you prefér}'C'et)... Naturallyy/sueh
Drones wouldbe.found neanysites of Weaver-work
along the coasts, where they would be of the most use.

Vamphrar

Despite the lingering "Weaver-ishness" of the
unaging, all-but-immortal vampiric form, vampires
have very little spiritual closeness to the Weaver.
Mostly, this is because being undead things, vampires
have virtually no spiritual aspect to their nature at all.

Chapter Two: Perfection 59

a ene

INS

|

cea a alsa te aecimnmmncsl

The vital spirit portions of their human sides fled upon
the deaths of their bodies, and the undead shells that
remain are poorly equipped to make even the briefest
contact with the spirit side of reality. As a result,
vampires are all but incapable of hearing the OneSong,
and thus being drawn into Clarification.

There is one exception, however. A few vampires
with sufficiently advanced Auspex, the bloodline power
of enhancing one's sensés into thesupernatural range,
can attune themselves to their surroundings so precisely
that they're able to discern part of the underlying
patterns the Weaver has woven into reality, or to hear
atiny snippet of the OneSong. Of these vampires, some
ignore what they find, but others find'their newfound
perception of thesunderlying order of the universe
somewhat... tantalizing. Such a vampire may continue
to hone its supernatural senses to greater sharpness,
hoping to see or hear mote of the hypnotic flawlessness.
It may take years,or even centuries for them to achieve
the necessary acuity, and they may have to abandon
most of their othetypursuits, but eventually such a
vampire begins to see and!hearmoresand more of the
eternal pattern. They open themselves to the Weaver
more and more, and eventually the Weaver notices, and
accepts the sacrifice laid on its altar.

A vampiric Drone isa peculiar creature. It retains its
usual diet of blood, but only because the spirits oversee-
ing its Clarification associate the "vampire" state with
"requires blood," and rewrite the Drone as they see fit —
still vampiric, but no longer truly a vampire. During
Clarification, all of the vampire's vitae is actually refor-
matted into ordinary, dead blood — the supernatural
power of vitae is lost, asthe spirit half of the Drone isnow
the animating force of the corpse host. As a result, the
vampiric Drone cannot use its blood as "blood points;"
it cannot spend blood to increase Attributes or fuel
Disciplines that require blood expenditure. It cannot
heal wounds by spending blood (although it gains the
Drone standard of regeneration, which is far superior),
and cannot use its blood to create ghouls, induce blood
bonds or sire new vampires. The Drone vampire still
retains a blood pool of 10 "blood points" and requires
one blood point's worth of vitae a day, but its food is
processed by its spirit half into animating energy rather
than converted into vitae.

For obvious reasons, a Drone vampire also loses
what remaining powers of shapechanging are left to it
(such as the Disciplines of Protean or Vicissitude); the
potential for such abilities is simply removed. (Presum-
ably, the vampire might also lose any flaws related to
these powers, such as the Gangrel curse, although
vampires likely to manifest such flaws are exception-
ally unlikely to reject their shapechanging sides and
pursue the perfection of the OneSong.)

60
—_

In addition to providing the other benefits of
Drone status (such as regeneration and other powers),
Clarification overcomes several of the vampire's weak-
nesses. The vampire becomes immune to frenzy, and
cannot lose Humanity (or Path rating); there is no
longer a conflict with the Beast. The vampire is no
longer visible to Sense Wyrm, having had all its
corruptive taint replaced with Weaver-stuff. In addi-
tion, the vampire may now soak aggravated damage
just as Garou do (with the exception of fire and
sunlight, which require Fortitude to soak as usual).
The result is anocturnal, blood-drinking Drone that is
now more machine than monster, and a surprisingly
effective minion of the Weaver.

Vagt

It's hard to finda person better equipped to encoun-
ter the OneSong than a mage. The magi live a life of
constant introspection and exploration, always on the
trail of a greater enlightenment (or an extra burst of
power to help them impose their own vision on their
environment). Theycan perceive things ordinary people
can't, expanding their senses to the greater patterns of
the universe with remarkable ease. It's easy for amage to
find a source of temptation — and some succumb.

There are roughly four factions of magi, and two of
them are far more susceptible to the Weaver's siren
OneSong than the other two. The Weaver's spirits do
not choose mages who have Fallen, interpreting the
dark taint that hangs around them as "of the Wyrm."
Such magi are never Clarified — only Calcified, if the
Weaver-spirits catch hold of them. The mad Marauders
are not only useless to the Weaver, they're downright
antithetical. But the careful technomancers that do the
Weaver's work for her, and the scattered Traditions who
look to human culture for their answers — both can
produce fine servants of a greater harmony.
Technomancers, hermetics, shamans, ecstatics — all
might find their way to the OneSong, and be seduced by
the promise of perfect understanding, of perfect unity.

Like most other supernaturals, mages who are
Clarified lose some of their innate power in exchange
for the Weaver-abilities grantéd by their new spirit
portion. They retain all their magical abilities —
although now their powers are "fixed," and they can-
not raise their Arete or Sphere levels ever again. Even
if a mage-Drone goes in for an upgrade, the Weaver-
spirits cannot increase her magic abilities for her. True
magic changes Names — a power that the Weaver
would not grant if she could.

Furthermore, Drone magi are incapable of per-
forming vulgar magic: only coincidental or static Ef-
fects are within their reach. Vulgar magic is directly
against the directives handed down from the Weaver,

Possessed

a me rey per


and a Drone would be unwilling to try such an outra-
geous disruption of the greater order anyway. Drone
magic is subtle stuff, applied to reinforce the rules of
reality and enforce harmony — not to cause disrup-
tion. Practitioners of hedge magic find themselves
unable to use the better part of their powers, if any
powers are left to them at all.

However, there is a bit of carrot to make up for the
stick. Since Drone magi are now officially "playing by
the rules," they become effectively immune to Para-
dox. Order is on their side. Furthermore, they receive
an extra three dice on any dice pool to perform
countermagic; Drone magi are expected to work against
the reckless excesses of their cousins, and Clarification
gives them additional tools to do so. A Drone mage is
a difficult prospect for a werewolf to deal with, but
positively maddening opposition for any mages still
dedicated to the pursuit of a more "dynamic reality."

WAU

The ghosts of humans usually go to the Dark
Umbra, a place where the Weaver is far from at her
strongest. There are no Webs, no Pattern Spiders —
nothing that would give the Weaver enough of a
foothold to be able to perform Clarifications. As a
result, the only wraith "Drones" are those as described
by Wraith vocabulary — shells of faded memory, little
more than unliving echoes of their previous selves.
Changelingt

If it's possible for a changeling to fall so far from the
state of Glamour to open herself to Clarification, the
result is a creature without so much as a scrap of fae
nature left to her name. Changelings who become
Drones are impossible to tell apart from other Drones;
every last fragment of their fae abilities and identities
is removed during Clarification. There is no remedy
for the ultimate fusion with Banality.

es LIGA PEE ER Nes meme

Ntuytofat

The new breed of immortals walking the World of
Darkness is not exactly what the Weaver is looking for
inan ideal servant. Inasense, mummies are a fifth kind
of possessed character. Modern Reborn have already
undergone a process rather like Clarification, having
been bonded with a portion of a spirit (the tem-akh,
which is something like a wraith and something like an
ancestor-spirit) to create a gestalt being. They serve
their own agenda, a mix of the agendas of host and tem-
akh. Like fomori, gorgons and Kami, they are very
unlikely to switch allegiances so completely.

This isn't to say that it's impossible for a Reborn to
become a Drone. However, the process of Clarifica-
tion would involve removing the tem-akh entirely to
make room for the implanted Weaver-spirit. The
resulting Drone would be indistinguishable from a
Drone created from an ordinary human —she'd simply
recall a more convoluted life before she reached "per-
fection."

hwbved

Imbued hunters, those who have been granted
second sight and special powers by the mysterious
spirit entities called the Messengers, make particularly
inappropriate candidates for Clarification. If an im-
bued hunter is actually able to hear the OneSong, he
is more likely to perceive it as a dissonant, irritating
whine than a seductive whir— more aggravating than
fascinating.. Even if an imbued hunter were to be
Clarified, the result would be an "ordinary" Drone
with no memories of being chosen and no particular
powers above those granted by Drone status. The
Messengers don't choose agents that are likely to turn,
and they revoke their gifts from those turned against
their will.

Chapter Two: Perfection 61
NE EEE SEE. RE 2 PES FE GDI



There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several
powers, having been originally breathed by the Creator into
a few forms or into one, and that... from so simple a
beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful

have been and are being evolved.

— Charles Darwin, On the Origin of Species

ihren of -4mordid aa

Victor:

The following is an excerpt from the inter-tribal moot
held at the Sept of the Hand of Gaia six months ago. The
speaker was Amethyst Wing-Mender, a Fury Theurge that
hailed from the Sept of Bygone Visions — if you don't
recognize the name, you should. When the talk turned to
the state of the Wyld and what could be done about
bolstering the weakest of the Triat, Wing-Mender went on
at some length about the sort of Wyld-agents we could
expect to see on the face of the earth. Very valuable
information, it would seem. But judge for yourself.

— Julian

You are correct, of course, when you say that it is
partly our duty to defend the Wyld in the physical world,
for there are few others who will. And yet, I imagine that
few here truly understand the nature of the Wyld's
earthbound children — not minions, not allies, but
children — to any great extent. Every cub learns what

Chapter Three: Wild Effigies

See

a fomor is either before his Rite of Passage, or shortly
thereafter; we are weaned on knowledge of the fleshbound
tools of our great enemy. The same cannot be said of
those miraculous spirits-made-flesh born of the Wyld,
which are known to our people as "gorgons."

I see some of you are not entirely familiar with
the term, or are perhaps confused. There are Gorgons
and there are gorgons; there are the ancestral totems
of my people, and there are the creatures born of
Wyld-spirit given mortal flesh. They are not like
fomori; they do not possess human form, human
hands. They are beasts of legend, spontaneous erup-
tions of evolution and change, creatures that are...
strange. Even to us. But they are out there, and if you
choose to fight to defend the Wyld, you may find
yourself shoulder to shoulder — in a manner of
speaking — with one of them.

Very well, if you wish. I'll tell you what I know.

63
neni

Sorta of Wid Fowawion

Our own oral lore on the existence of the gorgons
is rather abbreviated. They appear rarely, and aren't
always identified for what they are. Until recently,
most of the information we had on gorgons and their
various activities for and importance to the Wyldcame
from a body of lore referred to as the Apologues of the
Wyld. This collection of anecdotes stems from an
ancient storytelling practice, passed down through
successive generations of Garou and our Kin through
the time-honored oral tradition. Indeed the Apologues
have been with us in one form or anothersince the first
Garou padded forth from Gaia's.womb, as a kind.of
mirror-work to the Silver Record.

Whereas the Silver Record is the legacy which
allows all Garou to share in their ancestors' deeds and
accomplishments, the Apologues have become more of
acollection of "ghost storiés" and fables over time» Few
septs preserve the tradition these days, as the lore wanes
just as the Wyld does. To my own tribe, the recitation
of such stories i§/a sacred rite — I imagine that many
septs of the noble Red Talons are much the same. | am
no Galliard, and cannot quote the Apologuesat length,
much as | wish I could; it would be an honor to relate
such stories to such an esteemed audience. But I have
studied them, and I have gainédlinsight thereby.

First of all, understand that the Apologues of the Wyld
are often contradictory, and not always helpful. They
reflect the Wyld itself in that way. They are a means to
understanding the Wyld better, but not perfectly. The
same is true for the various offspring of the Wyld. Though
notevery tale withinthe Apologues is specifically about or
even contains a reference to gorgons, there are several
that do hold some useful accounts of these entities.
Though initially deceptive, these accounts slowly be-
come apparent for what they are to those who know what
they are looking for, and who are actively searching for
such references. Indeed, the ability of gorgons to literally
merge with and even manifest as their surroundings has
caused more than one Garou to simply overlook them as
"natural" phenomena, or sometimes even as the back-
drops of the stories themselves.

Ifthere were ever any doubts as to the limitless wonder
and versatility of the Wyld, they can be put to rest by a
thorough examination and comprehension of the tales

within the wonderful cultural resource thatisthe Apologues.

The Eatlet

The question of "what is a gorgon?" is not one that
is easily answered, quite honestly. Until recently, all
evidence of their existence came not only from Garou
storytelling traditions, but from other, more esoteric

64

irre

sources such as talkative spirits, the dreams of various
Theurges, and even from anumber of human mytholo-
gies, particularly those of our Native American tribes'
Kin. Through the collective picture painted by these
stories, a gorgon became inadvertently defined as a
spontaneous creation of the Wyld, holding both mass
and form, which often existed for no discernable
purpose (though many mercifully adhered to the fur-
therance of the birth-death-rebirth cycle).

In the early days, gorgons were marked by their
surreal, almost unnatural quality. Crocodiles with two
heads, both babbling in unknown tongues; a giant
moth possessed of the head. of a black chicken; flying
boulders with jagged, razor-filled maws — these are all
examplesofthesorts of gorgons we used to see (or, most
often, used to hear about). Thesedays, the Wyld seems
to have changed its gestalt in a clear and discernable
way. The most prevalent and arguably the most impor-
tant change we'ye seen concerns their manifestation
and interaction within human society. The Wyld's
spirits never possessed human or humanoid creatures,
preferring instead to create their own bizarre entities
of; at best, to possess the bodies of "lower" life forms
such.asplants and animals. Humans are too given over
to the Weaver to provide amply fertile soil for Wyld
seeds to take root, it would seem.

In the past couple of years, however — since the
appearance of thé Eye of the Wyrm, according to the
accounts I've heard from my sisters — the Wyld has
begun tosfight fire with fire, as the saying goes. While
there is still no realevidence tosupport the notion that
the Wyld possesses mortal humans outright, its gorgon
children have begun adopting their masks, in a sense.
Much like various members of the animal kingdom
will begin to adopt the features of their predators in
order to survive, so too has the Wyld begun appearing
in the guise of Man, that it may more subtly move
within the same circles. If you will excuse the blatant
anthropomorphization of a Celestine, it's as if the
Wyld is going to war, and it has decided to beat the
Weaver and the Wyrm at their own game. So what we
have now is a new crop of gorgons, theoretically
"made" in the same fashion as ever, but molded by the
Wyld to appear as human in order to better serve its
purposes here on Earth.

Unlike fomori, the children of the Wyld do not
exhibit power through mutation. Rather, they tend to
embody the fluid energy of potential that comes with
being avatars of what is essentially the fount of cre-
ation itself. As with other possessed, gorgons' abilities
stem from a connection to their parent Triatic spirit,
but unlike the fomori, who are poisoned with the very
power of their sponsor, gorgons seem to be alive with it.
They revel in the ebb and flow of what might as well

Possessed

eatin


be termed "the power of possibility," and it fills their
existences with promise and power, just as the energy
of the Wyrm fills its own children with power and pain.

As with all attempts to single out a spirit in mortal
guise, detecting a gorgon can be a shaky proposition.
By appeasing the proper spirits, any one of us can be
granted their extraordinary perceptions of Triatic in-
fluence; as we've learned to smell the acrid stench of
the Wyrm, so too can we learn to discern the riotous
texture of smells that characterizes the Wyld. Even so,
this method can hardly be considered foolproof. A
great many things smack of the Wyldjparticularly in
areas which are strong in spiritual energies, and what
might be mistaken for a gorgon.couldiust as easily. be
some other, Wyld-related, phenomenon..Possibilities
upon possibilities, afterall. '

According to the Apologues, there are very few
chance encounters with gorgons. They come when
they are sought after; the most success at detecting the
presence of gorgons#was found when those involved
actively searched.for the hand of the Wyld. Now, one
would think that this was a simple truism: If one is
looking for something, one is far more likely to come
across it. However, the stories allude to a bizarre "cause
and effect" in their detection of gorgons: Apparently,
the simple act of anticipating them raises one's chances
of detecting them, and thusj/being correct) in one's
initial suspicions. The cause for this is still hotly
debated. Some of my colleagues believe this i®because
the cause-and-effect nature) of deductive reasoning
ever-so-slightly strengthens the Weaver, thus ever-so-
slightly weakening the Wyld where the gorgon is
concerned, and thereby allowifg' the Créatiire's pres-
ence to be made known to its pursuers.

Other, less pessimistic Garou argue just the oppo-
site, that faith and interest in the Wyld creates strength
in the Wyld, thus connecting the gorgon with its
would-be pursuers on a fundamental, spiritual level.
Some take this notion to an extreme, outlandishly
suggesting that gorgonsare, in effect, like Schrédinger's
infamous cat. Once a potent belief in a gorgon's
existence takes shape, then the Wyld is permitted (or,
perhaps even obligated) to reinforce that belief, induc-
ing the gorgon itself to take shape in that exact same
instant. Since this assumes that no gorgon exists until
someone first believes in it, my tendency is to disregard
this theory altogether. The Wyld existed before there
were any sentient beings to believe in it; why should it
require faith to work its miracles?

The lobyroan Conon

Like any Theurge, I have spent some time musing
over the relative possibilities of "curing" fomori from the

eS

eS

Chapter Three: Wild Effigies

possession of their Bane hosts (without slaying the host,
mind), but such a discussion takes on a different life
when applied to gorgons and their Wyldling infusions.

I don't consider the gorgons enemies, either of
myself or of the Garou Nation. I realize that the Wyld
cares nothing for Gaia or for the balance of the world,
but I don't think that its children are set against us the
way that the Wyrm and Weaver's minions are. I and
my sisters try to learn about them so that we can aid
them when possible and restrain them without de-
stroying them when necessary. I don't think of gorgons
as victims, as something that need be "cured" —
although admittedly, I might change my mind if ever
came across a gorgon with a wolf host. Therefore,
please.undetstand that when I speak of the separation
of spirit and host, | don't intend.to recommend that we
try to put these principles into action whenever pos-
sible. [merely want to offer lore that might prove useful
should the,occasion arise. _

To propérly understand the possibility of remov-
ing the Triatic influence upon a creature that is or has
become the gorgon, we must first remember that there
are two/distinctly different categories of gorgons:
Exogenetic gorgons and possessed gorgons. The former

are those which the Wyld creates "whole cloth" out of

the raw clay of physical matter; they are, | would
warrant, far rarer in the modern era than they were
back when the Wyld was stronger. The latter are those
gorgons who emerge when a Wyldling spirit infuses
itself into.a pre-existing entity (such asa brown bear or
a Douglas Fir), and it is these latter which bear the
brunt of our speculation.

The answer to the question of whether or not
exogenetic gorgons can be "cured" isa simple one: They
cannot. As the name would suggest, gorgons of this type
are the product of the Wyld's facility with exogenesis
(the power to create from nothingness), as we see it. As
such, there is truly nothing to cure them of — these
creatures are what they are, and have always been. To
attempt to separate the spiritual portion of the being
from its fleshly host would likely result in death. And
even if the attempt was somehow successful, all that
would be left behind is an idle mass of simple matter,
possessed of no driving life force. I doubt that any one of
us here would even be so callous as to try.

Possessed gorgons, on the other hand, are a differ-
ent matter. When a Wyldling infuses itself into a pre-
existing entity, a "standard" possession takes place —
standard if only because it matches the model of the
fomor. However, we have reason to believe that in the
case of gorgons, the Triatic spirit latches not only onto
the body, but onto the subject's essence as well: I've
heard it said from powerful and wise healers that

5

scent. <

|

Sere eee nen caren aren ise ar a Fee ere)

fomori endure a constant struggle between spirit and
host, as though the grip of the Bane is tenuous at best;
even the most depraved of fomori, long since resigned
to their lot, seem to exhibit an almost argumentative
duality. In gorgons, even the non-exogenetic ones,
there seems to be no such struggle between the two
"halves." Now, this may stem from the fact that the
Wyld only chooses to possess what we tend to desig-
nateas "non-sentient" creatures —animals and plants,
and the like — but it might also be a function of the
creature's inherent acceptance of the Wyld asa greater
part of the natural order. As though, perhaps, the
natural things of this world understand on a cellular
level just how mad the Wyrm has become.

Orperhaps just how vital the Wyld has always been.

I think that it is possible for a Wyldling to be
"convinced" to evacuate its host under certain specific
circumstances, not all of which are under our control.
The traditional methods of exorcism are not always
entirely reliable when applied to gorgons, or more
accurately, when applied to the Wyldling in residence.
But it is possible that there are some things that seem
to "upset" the infused spirit. When these things reach
a certain level — a critical mass that the spirit finds
entirely unacceptable — the spirit often vacates the
host, leaving it to its own devices.

One such upsetting eventuality is a disease called
cancer. I tend to believe that not only does the Wyld
tend to avoid possessing sick creatures in the first
place, but it even goes so far as to abandon its hosts
when they become sick. Now, I feel 1 must make the
distinction here: "Hurt" and "sick" are two different
things, especially to the Wyld. An animal which has
been beaten and neglected by its owner is actually a
rather attractive host prospect to the Wyld-spirit; it
seems to savor empowering an underdog to leap several
places up the food chain, or at least to become more
powerful than its usual enemies or predators. But an
animal that is rotting away from the inside, one suffer-
ing from a debilitating illness that has tainted the core
of the creature itself, is of no use to a Wyld-spirit.
While it may "cost" very little energy output on the
spirit's behalf to reinvigorate a malnourished dog, it is
simply too large a task to be worthwhile to try and cure
said dog of canine leukemia. I personally find this
unfortunate; life as a gorgon may be preferable to life
with a debilitating ailment.

One mitigating fact is that once the Wyld has
committed to investing a portion of its essence into a
creature, the subject tends to grow much stronger. In
other words, while a Wyldling may initially avoid
possessing an animal because it is sickly, a healthy
animal host is far less likely to ever become sickly under

66
caren

ee ee

the aegis of its spirit companion. Indeed, it seems that
once the Wyldling has taken hold, its animal (or plant,
of course) host tends to contract sickness and disease
with an alarming rarity. Still, if by some chance one
could (or would) force a calamity like cancer upon the
gorgon after its possession, it is safe to assume that the
resident Wyldling would likely abandon the creature
not long thereafter.

Nofbongt

Hmm. Now we come to the meat of it. To under-
stand the process of Wyld-possession, it's necessary to
understand the nature of the Wyld-spirit responsible.

Yes, | thought you'd find the idea amusing.

And that is the problem that has faced my sisters
— and my brothers and sisters of other tribes who
devote themselves to such things — for millennia.
How do you understand something that is the purest
child of purest chaos, change, potential? The offspring
of the Wyld are far more varied and multitudinous
than the get of either of his Triatic siblings. Whereas
Banes are most often tied to those concepts that are
prevalent in humanity's darker side — emotions that
allow them to feed and grow — Wyld-spirits have no
such identifiable structure. Instead, they can only be
categorized by the function they appear to serve for
their parent Triatic spirit. Some Wyldlings seem to
embody the utter chaos of the Wyld, while others still
serve asa vibrant, spiritual force for energy and change.

Daunting, yes. But still, patterns emerge. The
Wyld is not as strong as once it was, and although the
Wyrm no longer balances the Wyld as it should, the
Wyld has lost a portion of its ability to defy all rules
when manifesting on Gaia. It must play by certain rules
if its children are to have any lasting presence. That is
why we can manage to classify its children at all.

I'll admit that my focus on learning the ways of the
Wyld is something of a specialty. I have learned more
lore on the "origins" of Wyld spirits than I have on the
origins of Banes, though not necessarily any greater
understanding thereof. While the spirit$ themselves
are often more difficult to trace than Banes are, I have
been able to draw some strong conclusions about their
connections to other, slightly more static Triatic phe-
nomena — something I, at least, cannot say of my
understanding of Banes.

T Prabord and Mlscepeat

While we remain unsure as to the true origins of
the Wyldlings themselves, we have been able to link
their appearance here on the Tellurian to a series of
phenomena we call Thresholds. In broad strokes,
Thresholds are manifestations of Wyld energy and

Possessed

mn


influence that seep through the cracks in the massive
barrier separating them from the Tellurian — the
Gauntlet. They are areas of creation which have been
infused with the power of the Wyld, in both the
physical and spiritual realms.

Thresholds are fountains of energy, creation and
change. As the Wyld made manifest, Thresholds have
the ability to spew forth Wyldlings seemingly at will
(or certainly at random), and it is in this capacity that
Thresholds are critically important to this work. Think
of Thresholds, if you will, as a combination headquar-
ters (minus the concept of a chain of command, of
course) and birthing pit for gorgons. We have reason
to believe that many of the Wyldlings who come to the
Realm specifically to create gorgons use Thresholds as
their doorways, and it would stand to reason. After all,
the emergent Wyldling saves a great deal of energy by
slipping through the "back door," leaving it with more
to expend on its one pre-ordained task.

As you all know, the Wyld flourishes in areas
where the Gauntlet is already low — places such as
rainforests and mountain peaks — where it may more
easily push through and establish a beachhead for
itself. Unfortunately, a great many Garou caerns are
intentionally built right over top of such places, so over
time, we have occasionally come into conflict with the
invading surge of Wyld energy. Indeed, we have heard
scattered reports of septs from around the world which
have been forced to take serious measures, such as
intentionally increasing the level of the Gauntlet
around the caern, just to prevent their land from
inexorably falling into the hands of the Wyld.

Why fight this process so defiantly? Quite simply,
because a caern which fails to hold its ground against
the Wyld becomes what is known as an Abscess. An
Abscess is formed when the Wyld uses the energy (and
weak Gauntlet) within a caern to establish a powerful
Threshold in the vicinity. The result is a freakish and
warped garden paradise, alien to the very Garou who
call it home, and swarming with the copious evidence
of creation itself: Wyldlings, gorgons, and other things
best left undescribed.

I, like my sisters, believe that the Wyld should not
be cut back or "pruned" unless it is absolutely necessary
— the state of Creation is already too far out of
balance. I believe that a Threshold is something that
can be peacefully coexisted with. And I believe that
the potential of an Abscess forming within acaern may
qualify as one of the times that fighting Wyld growth
may — may — be necessary. The unchecked growth of
an Abscess may well result in the utter loss and alien-
ation of a caern. If the Litany did not compel me to
resist such a thing, my own conscience would.

The last important characteristic of Thresholds
and Abscesses is more of a by-product than anything
else: They are essentially ground zero for the spread of
gorgon activity in a given area. It's helpful to know,
that given enough reports from which to work, a
skilled mind could triangulate the incidents of local
gorgon appearances, and thereby find the source of
their numbers — the Threshold itself. Such informa-
tion can be quite useful in determining what the best
course of action in any given situation might be.

yt and Meant

I suppose it would be helpful if I could go into great
detail on the activities and habits of Wyldlings, but I'm
afraid I have very little solid lore to share. Obviously,
Wyldlings come and go with great frequency and
randomness. This is not to say that they "die" quickly,
mind, as we don't know for sure where they go when
they disperse — simply that a particular spirit has
vanished, presumably back into the Wyld. One might
make an argument that the prodigious productivity of
the Wyld demands that there be great numbers of
Wyldlings "born" every day — or that such was the
case in happier times. I would like to believe that there
are simply more Wyldlings than Weaver and Wyrm
spirits combined. After all, creation is not the Wyrm's
strong suit, and the sum total of all Banes might be
limited by anumber of cosmic concerns, or even by the
general state of humanity at any given time, with fewer
angry people indicating an allowance for fewer Banes,
and so on. The fount of limitless possibility is likely to
be less limited than either of its Triatic siblings in this
way. And yet, we stand guard over the Wyld places
precisely because the Wyld is losing — it falters and
fails while the others grow ever stronger. So as much as
I would like to believe that the Wyldlings outnumber
all other Triatic spirits, I cannot bring myself to do so.

Icanstate withsome confidence that Wyldlings tend
to embody a specific (and often alien) notion, much as
Banes are distinguished by their given dominant emo-
tional focus. When manifesting, many Wyld-spirits ap-
pear to be engaged in a particular activity, often repeated
endlessly. They spin around along the same axis, or fold
in upon themselves over and over without reducing their
apparent size. These Wyldlings represent the ideas and
ideals to which the Wyld itself holds; everything the
Wyld means in and to both the spiritual world and the
Tellurian, Wyldlings embody and portray in living color.

And lastly, of course, Wyldlings are the Wyld's
spiritual messengers and children, as well as the moth-
ers to her grandchildren, the gorgons. We dare not say
that some or even any Wyldlings are deliberately set
loose upon the world merely to find and create gorgons,

Chapter Three: Wild Effigies 67

———eEEee

ime. \,

ff AR CT AE, APOE LTS NA MET OP TD ELAR,

TG a Ame

though perhaps this notion is changing. What we can
say is that for whatever reason, some Wyldlings decide
they must merge with a natural host of some kind,
thereby creating a gorgon. It would be only fitting that
now, in the age where fomori breed out of control and
even the Weaver forges her own flesh-and-spirit ser-
vants, that Wyldlings are now being chosen more and
more often to leap inside the things of this world at
their parent's behest. Some of my sisters claim that
there are more gorgons here on Earth right now, as of
this moment, than there have ever been before — not
because the Wyld is stronger, but because its need is
stronger than it ever has been before.

Why Ak Why

When dealing with things of the Wyld, it is
often tempting to ask the question, "Why?" Un-
fortunately, the shortest and sadly the best answer
to this is simply, "because." The longer and more
frustrating answerrequires abit more explanation.

Any researcher or mystic who attempts. to
codify or even to broadly explain the motivations of
the Wyld and/or its spirit avatars is inviting serious
frustration. When dealing with an entity which is
vaster in/scope and power than the average mind
can even conceive, questions come fast and hard,
and with them/come no reliable answers. This,'in
turn, Only begs more questions, at least from the
typically inquisitive "human"-mind. This ‘endless
cycle of frustration has driven more than one dedi-
cated mystic to madness) and "befuddled no few
others to the point where they decry all subsequent
attempts at reasoning/out any pattem in the means
and methods of the Wyld — if it even has things
that can be roughly'compared to ‘motivations:

Still, the Wyld' $ activities of late — particu-
larly where gorgons ate coneetned ='do seem to
indicate a growing awareness of structure' and
strategy, if not ordered! pattern. Sadly, these new
developments are providing no more reliable an-
swers for hungry minds, only, feeding the frenzy of:
incessant questiéning. Doesitiall indicate that the
Wyld is finally stceumbing'to the relentless ho-
mogenizing power of the Weaver? Could it mean,)
pethaps, that che Wyld can truly over A
and not just act and adapt in/an/endless em }
ment of the birth-death-tebirth cycle? Ve

Frustrating as it may be; the safest thing to w 3
where the Wyld is concerned; when it really comes
down to it, is not to question but to simply reacr At'
least then, some legitimate, answers may begin'to)"
emerge, though they may nor be the ones }
enterprising shaman. ot Theives t is seeking

If this is true, there may even be some cause for
true alarm.

Vifdng [Gpeat

Whatsort of Wyldlings breed gorgons, you ask? It's
difficult to tell; almost impossible, really. I've never
been present for the creation of a gorgon, and neither
have any of my living sisters. We can but speculate on
which Wyldlings serve as spiritual infusions, bringing
new life and energy to their various hosts, and which
are the spiritual equivalent of a nucleus to the emer-
gent gorgon, the Wyldling core at the center of a
complex and energetically composite entity.

¢ Wyld Elementals: Yes, the Spinner has its own
elementals. However, these elemental spirits are far less
knowable and predictable than those that have been
birthed by Gaia — they are creations of the unformed
stuff that was later refined into truer forms. The most
powerful of these are the Mammatus, who are great,
furious air-spirits; the Empyros, who are mighty beings
of inchoate fire; the Terrene, who shift earth about them
wherever they tread; and the Atlua, who embody the
ever-shifting, ever-fertile aspects of water. When a
Wyld elemental possesses a fleshly host, the results are
striking and almost frightening — picture a tree with
leaves of ever-burning flame, ora bear with skin of earth
and stone. Though both aspects of the gorgon may be
found in nature, that does little to diminish the sense
of... wrongness that follows such a creature.

¢ Passions: Passions are the Wyld's emissaries of
emotion and instinct. These powerful spirits reflect
the most basic of mental and emotional states among
animals, such as anger, joy, fear, or despair. As with all
things Wyld, Passions are not restricted to any one
individual or even generalized set of behaviors, and
they adopt whatever emotions they choose or happen
to come across. They are known to flicker between

) Gnosis 5 10.9 SEN 7;

Rage > to
IX Charms: Airt: phe, Sreialic Re-form,
Blatulappropsiaseelemene) Swift Flight (aironly),
" Liquefy (wateronly)
Image: Wy dosidialaz bene as constantly
hifting masses of the appropriate element, never
| maintaining one form the way that Gaian
) elementals might. Some may even shift from/éle-
‘ Nar HF idle MER elemental could
suddenly "evaporate"intoa Wyldaireleméntal, or
devote ni ightabruptly "condense"

68 Crasmesta

ra

—_—_


even the most contradictory emotions as they dart
through and around the creatures of the Tellurian.
Passions are similar to Banes in the regard that they
pick up on the emotional states of those nearby them.
If you are wise enough, and you are able to maintain
focus, you might even be able to influence their behav-
ior. We believe Passions sometimes create gorgons
that are emotions given flesh — no real rationality,
only a physical form devoted to a specific feeling that
would benefit the Wyld. Not corrupt, like Banes of the
Urge Wyrms — but emotion in such a concentrated
form that it would be very, very dangerous.

Paton

Rage, Gnosis, and Willpower — any combi-
nation totaling 18, Essence 18

Charms: Airt Sense, Draw Pathos,* Incite
Frenzy, Materialize, Re-form, Swift Flight

*Draw Pathos: This charm allows the Pas-
sion, to' bask in' the radiance of a subject's emo-
tional intensity, and thereby draw strength from
it. Any creature experiencing a peak emotional
state of the sort the spirit is:currently adopting
makes aviable target for use-of this power. The
Passion rolls either its Rage, Gnosis or Willpower
—= the emotion in question governs which Trait is
used — against a difficulty equal to the target's
Willpower. Ifthe roll is successful, the Passion may
recharge any one of its core'Traits to full.

Image: Only the number of emotions-from
which they may draw strength limits the possible
appearances of Passions, They typically appeat as
crackling sparks*Of energy amid swirling balls of
colorful mist. There ‘is no_set correspondence
between a Passion's given €motion and any one
color scheme; Passions of anger, for instancéymay
appear in various shades of red, yellow, orange and
black, but they are not bound 'to these colors, The
only constant is that a Passion'soverall coloration,
whatever it may be, tends to appear more vibrant
whenever it has just'recently "fed."

© Scofflaws: A Ragabash sister was the one to
name these particular spirits; the name has stuck.
These Wyldlings are something like the Unravelers, a
more common sort of Wyld-spirit. But the Unravelers
exist to break apart matter into its components, while
the Scofflaws exist to break apart natural laws. Gravity
might not work in a Scofflaw's presence. Fire might
burn cold, a blow might not send something flying in
the right direction. The laws of... yes, physics, that is
the word. The laws of physics would work differently.

os, een

Jeffaw
Rage 6, Gnosis 5, Willpower 4, Essence 15
Charms: Virtually any that seem appropriate
Image: Like the Unrayelers, a Scofflaw ap-
pears something like a small tornado; however,
they are remarkable for their.tendency to move at
strange angles, along surfaces that aren't there or
through objects that are.

Those gorgons that use powers to disrupt the natural
way, they may have something to do with the Scofflaws.

¢ Gyres: Also called the Ouroborous, Gyres are
the spiritual manifestation of hope itself. The Wyld's
promise of birth, growth and renewal — the ideal the
Triat itself represents — resides in these silent and
ever-moving spirits. The Garou once looked upon the
discovery of a Gyre as an omen of great change and
rebirth, and such an appearance sometimes heralded
the emergence of a great leader within the Garou
Nation in ages past. The Gyres may also, it is said,
appear at the time of a particularly favored gorgon's
creation — the gorgon heralded by such a momentous
presence likely has a significant amount of spiritual
power in it, and therefore a great role to play.

Gyre

Rage 2; Gnosis 9, Willpower 5, Essence 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Cleanse the Blight,
Healing, Materialize, Realm Sense, Re-form:

Image: Gyresappearas circlesofvarying shapes,
sizes and consistencies. Some are composed of an
eerie blue or violet flame, while others still resemble
serpents engaged in the act of swallowing their own
tails» The act of gazing upon the spinning, perfect
symmetry of a gyre has been known to bring back
Garou long since thought lost to Harano, and none
that have encountered a Gyre returned from the
experience unchanged in some way.

¢ Serpentines: Since the arrival of the Eye, these
spirits have taken an active role in the crusade to heal
the Wyldofits loss and pain through direct involvement
in earthly affairs. They have been seen ever more
frequently of late, and have even timely appeared near
wounded Garou on occasion, offering their services as
healers and asking nothing of them in return. Where
gorgons are concerned, Serpentines put their talents to
good use by possessing hosts that have been damaged or
mistreated in some way. The spirit then heals the
wounded creature, imbuing it with a surge of the energy
of limitless possibility. The resultant gorgon thus serves

Chapter Three: Wild Effigies 69

EES ce nmecetcamtie. —

|

|

Serpentive

Rage 1, ‘Gnosis 8, Willpower 4, ‘Essence 14

Charms: Airt Sense, Curing, Healing, Mate-
rialize, Realm. Sense, Re-form {

Image' More. often»than not, Bobuneiies
appear as a pair of floating'snakes composed of a
shimmering light substance: Although the ‘spirit \
appears to be two-different. entities, it simply
inhabits separate bodies simultaneously, and any.
individual attack that harms the one will likewise
harm'the other.

the Wyld in two ways: not only as a gorgon, but in
becoming a gorgon, as the simple act of renewal and
regrowth serves to fuel the overall power of the Wyld.

Fhanlt

What of the Spinner's chosen few? Those crea-
tures to which the Wyld is drawn to bestow a single
life-twisting kiss? Well, as has been mentioned previ-
ously, human beings are apparently out of the running.
This is most likely due to humanity's close association
with the Weaver, and due to the fact that humans,
while easily drawn to power and vice (things of the
Wyrm), are rarely actively drawn to chaos and mad-
ness. This instant adversarial relationship makes the
prospect of possessing humans a tiring and inefficient
one. If there exist natural bodies that don't mind the
spiritual intrusion, better to use them and leave the
humans alone. Theoretically, primates are fair game,
though I have yet to hear of a single occurrence of a
gorilla or the like being possessed by a Wyldling.

By all accounts, the Wyld seems to "pick" its
would-be hosts from among a peculiar cross-section of
creation. Although there's ample reason to believe
that it chooses the more hale and hearty of a given
species, I would remind you of those creatures which
are rescued near death by the Wyld, their wounds
miraculously healing up in seconds. For every pattern
that seems to emerge, we find two reasons why it isn't
really a pattern at all. Again we see that there seem to
be no hard and fast rules where the Wyld is concerned.
1 know, I'm being repetitive. Forgive me; my tongue
isn't that of the Galliard.

Autroed botlt

Animals can and most often do become gorgons,
even more so since the appearance of the Eye of the
Wyrm. From the data we've gathered, it seems that
animals are the perfect combination of pre-existing
matter, mobility and lack of sentience that the Wyld
needs in order to do its work. Although it's a dangerous

A Ae

assumption to suggest that there is anything that the
Wyld cannot do, it does stand to reason that the entity
would first look for life forms already in existence
before moving on to creating gorgons wholesale out of
thin air. A Galliard-sister of mine compared the Wyld
to a great sculptor, and the comparison seems to fit. If
a sculptor is given proper clay ahead of time, rather
than having to gather and mix earth and water to his
satisfaction, then any resultant sculpture will be fin-
ished quickly and more efficiently. So, animals must
present an attractive prospect to the Wyld.

Much as animals possessed by Banes are usually
more hardy and combat-capable than their mortal
counterparts, so too are animal gorgons — more so, in
fact, from what we've seen. The Wyld's preference for
animals gives it a facility with their forms that is
unmatched by the Wyrm's. Indeed, one of my sisters
reports having witnessed a ferocious battle between a
single bear whom he believed was a gorgon and an
entire pack of Bane-infested dogs. He relates that the
dogs seemed uneasy on their feet, pain-ridden even,
while the bear appeared to revel in the strength af-
forded him by his possessing Wyldling. In the end, the
bear was more than a match for the Wyrm-tainted
pack, many of whom even appeared thankful to the
bear for relieving them of their accursed existences.
Although it would have been in keeping for normal
dogs to have retreated from the fray once their pack
had suffered serious losses, these miserable animals
continued to throw themselves at their opponent until
one and all lay either dead or dying. Her account
reminds us that where the Wyrm is concerned, there
are only Pyrrhic victories, and that loss and death are
never their own reward.

ant and Minerd Hake

Animals are not the only creations the Wyld and
her minions find attractive. Though they are by far the
more commonly possessed, the Wyld also has occasion
to infuse apiece of itself into other entities. The second
most common hosts are plants, and trees in particular.
Their photosynthetic systems are quite useftil, and the
Wyld finds its energy well saved and spent when it
draws upon the plant kingdom for its avatars. How-
ever, if our theories are true regarding the "strategy" of
gorgons that mimic human form, plant-form gorgons
must be even less efficient at passing for human than
gorgons with animal hosts.

Mineral hosts, although all but unheard of even in
the Apologues, are indeed possible as well. Do not
laugh! Those tales that could be attributed to mineral
gorgons would suggest that the Wyld seems to possess
either smaller, singular rock creations, or larger, area-

Possessed

ee

ceeaameneneernemt:


based rock formations. Either way, the Wyld seems
to be "sensible" enough to use those mineral struc-
tures that already have a basic purpose defined to
them by their shape. It is this purpose that likely
attracts the Wyld spirit in the first place. For
example, a large four-armed statue hewn of solid
rock would make a wonderful gorgon sentry or
soldier, should the Wyld be willing and able to co-
opt it for its own use. Due to influence by the
Designer on such an artificial stone, the possession
itself might be a bit more difficult for the spirit —
of course, I am falling into conjecture again. |
would imagine that Wyldlings would be unhappy
with the "stiffness" of stone, and that they would
possess mineral hosts for short periods of time at
best. A mass of stone that has been sufficiently
filled with Wyld-energy to be satisfactory would
likely become a Threshold, not a gorgon. Though
the Wyld is not an entity of abstract efficiency as
the Weaver is, it has too little left to it to indulge
regularly in greatly inefficient pursuits.

Gorgon Breed

|... Forgive me. I've spoken for sucha long time,
and I'm not used to it. | haven't even properly talked
about the "breeds" of gorgons that we've noted.
They are very few, by our count; each gorgon may be
so customized to the specific circumstances of its
"birth" that there will never be another like it. Those
few patterns that seem to recur are those tied to the
Wyldlings I mentioned before: the Wyldelementals,
the Passions, and so on. But we still know so little.

Seertaf Corgont

Great-Howl-Rising stands and bows, waits for
permission, and then shares his own tale:

Hail to the wisdom of Amethyst Wing-Mender,
and hail to the wisdom of her sisters. You have said
important things here; let us say things for you now.
There are many great heroes at this moot, many wise
observers and rememberers. Some who have seen
these gorgons, not knowing what they were until you
gave us your lore. Let us give our lore to you now.

You describe Wyld-spirits that are of wind and
earth, water and fire, yet not like those spirits born
of Gaia. You say they bind themselves into animals
and plants, but that it is rarely seen. have seen one.

Ihave come from the north to be here. Where
I hunt, fire is weaker and water stronger. That is as
it should be. But when I hunted one day, I saw a fire
that was strong even when it was surrounded by
water, by snow and ice. At first I thought it was a
burning elk; then when I smelled that its hair and


RS te ee ee ae

flesh were not burning, I thought it was a spirit-elk that
wore flame like humans wear clothing. But it did not
flee when it saw me, nor did it acknowledge me as a
predator that would hunt it. It danced on the hills, and
it touched its antlers to trees, and the trees burned.
Only when I leapt at it to chase it did it run from me
— but the trees still burned, trees that were hung with
water and ice and snow before the fire-elk came.

It was notan elk that wore fire. It was fire that wore
an elk. And that is what I saw.

lemenfaf Coorgont

The gorgons formed by the fusion of a Wyld-
elemental and a mortal form (orthe rarer exogenic
elemental gorgons) are a breed by virtue of similar
traits, not similarfunction. They seem to serve no
greater purpdse, although:they may servé as har-
bingers of great natural disasters caused by power-
ful Wyld elementals. They seem to be. the /cre-
ations. of elemental whim, as if rhe Wyldlings are
toying with the clay of the physical world, half
remembering the days that, the earth was) still
forming ftom the four elements. To the elemental
gorgons, those days have neverreally endéd —the. >
world is still something to remodel as they like.

Powers: (Suggested) Artnored Hide (earth),
Elemental Resistance, Gaseous Form (air) Hazard-'
ous Breath (fire), Flight (air); Liquid Form) (water)

Taints: (Suggested) Urges ipsa caus:
ing floods, or similar behavior)

Nereldt

Nathan Shines-in-the-Shadow rises, and speaks:

What you said before about the Passions: it seems
familiar. I've never met a Wyld-spirit like that before, but
I did meet, once, something that might have had a
Passion in it. In her. When I first told this tale, I was told
that I had been unwise, but not critically so. Although it's
still kind of embarrassing, I think it may be quite relevant.

I run with a hunting pack — we travel quite a bit,
hunting down elusive prey and rooting out connections
between different cells of enemies. Two years back, we
were staying at a hotel in Atlanta, where we'd all met up
the night before to go over our most recent task and to
take inventory on what supplies and equipment we
figured we might need. Asis typical, I got to share aroom
with my lupus packmate: We stay in different rooms
from the women of our pack for propriety's sake. It
couldn't have been more than five minutes after we left
our packmates' room that Longpaw was fast asleep on
the floor, making quiet little wolfy noises. As is also
typical, I was still wired at that hour and figured a nice
soak in the hotel spa might do me some good all around.

Nore

These unusual gorgons' ‘are an example ofa
Passion given flesh»in this case, the Wyld's appetite
for creation and reproduction' made manifest. In
some) ways, they're similar to the Enticer'breed of
fomori, butsuch,connections begin and end with the
desire to attract; Enticers' attract to despoil'and
destroy, Neteids do so out of pure animal-desire.
Their primary purpose is to attract male creatures of
instinct, whipping.them into a frenzy of lust in the
hopes of taking fromthem the'séed of creation. The
symbolie act /of "mating with the Wyld" does \a
numberof things, not the least of which is to encour-
age birthand reproduction in its simplest form. The
practice/and'spread of concepts and activities over
which the Wyld has distitict purview tesults in the
Wyld growing ever stronger, The more creatures
mate, simply for the sake of indulging in instinct and
creating life; the more powerful the Wyld can grow.
(Lust specifically for itsown sake, or lust borne of a

desire forjpower (suchasthe.so-Called lust associated

with rape), serves not the Wyld, but the Wyrm. It is
a fine; yet critically important distinction.)

Ona less symbolic level;matingwith the Wyld in
such afashion has some spectacular results where the
Changing Breeds are concemed, If/a Nereid' can
convince a Garou or other skinchanger to mate with
her, there.is a good chance that:she will become

pregnant. If she does, she must return to the: Umbra,

there to grow fat with the couple's unborn child. After
an indeterminate gestation period, the Nereid returns
tothe Tellurian, there:to give birth in‘an area strong
with Wyld energies (such asa Threshold). The result-
ing progeny is quite literally the offspring of the union
between Gaiaand the Wyld—a hybrid ofshapeshifter
and gorgon. Such potent creatures are both spirit and
flesh, strange and wild, and could represent no less
than'the Wyld'sisranding army against the Weaver
and the Wyrm in the coming*Apocalypse.

(Statistics for the offspting of a Neteid anda
shapechangerare left for the Storyteller to deter-
mine; however, these creatures possess stich a
powerful Wyld-mind thar they aren't appropriate
for player charactets. Such a character would have
little by way of free will or rationality — merely a
fervent, obsessive desire tofurther the cause of the
Wyld.that makes Ratkin Pwitchers look like sci-
ence teachers. Boring science teachers.)

Powers: | (Suggested)\ Enhanced Attribute
(Stamina), Succubus' Veil, Regeneration, Um-
bral Passage

Taints:. (Required) Urges

72 Possessed

.

acct


I threw on an old pair of boxers (I always forget to
pack swim trunks for some reason), grabbed a towel, and
made my way up to the top floor of the building, where
the hotel spa, sauna, and workout room where located.
When I walked in to the whirlpool room, I realized that
I wouldn't be bathing alone. There, sitting naked in the
bubbling water, was hands down the most beautiful
woman | had ever seen. Now, I've been around the block
enough times to know that you never trust a beautiful,
naked woman (it's like a free lunch, only more tempt-
ing), so I focused and called on the wisdom of my
ancestors — a blessing that's saved my life more than
once. It might Rave done so that night, too.

I don't know how my many-times-grandmother
Cloud-Caller knew that the woman was trouble, but
all of a sudden, her voice was wrapped around my
spine, telling me to leave at once. Just then, the young
lady motioned me over to join her, and when I hesi-
tated, she opened her mouth wide, as though trying to
give birth to something orally. To this day, I swear to
Gaia that what I saw within was not flesh, or even
space, but the swirling essence of a primal emotion.

If I had to guess, I'd say it was desire.

Pirddefec

Susan White Moon takes her turn:

I believe it was the pile of stuffed animals that first
caught my attention. He was standing in front of one
of those vending machines you see at rest stops all the
time — you know, the kind where you put in your life
savings for the opportunity to guide a flimsy little claw
around a glass box in hopes of catching something it
couldn't possibly lift or carry. But there he was just the
same, with the copious evidence of his aptitude at
wielding just such a claw lying in a heap at his feet.

My pack had stopped at this combination wel-
come center/truck stop — the Dixie Girl, I think it was
called—for a pee break (and, despite my protestations
to the contrary, so Corey could pick up yet more of
those Gaia-forsaken cancer sticks he likes to smoke).
It was on our way into the Appalachian Mountains,
just outside one of the more boring little towns in
northwestern Georgia. I was left to my own devices in
the "lobby," watching the weary to and fro of the truck-
stop throng, and that's how and when I noticed him.

He didn't seem to be so much concentrating as
trying to maintain his focus. It's hard to explain. It was
like every fiber of his being wanted to pull away from
what he was doing at that moment, but not because he
had anything better to do. He was... I don't know, edgy.
Every so often he'd stop and look around as though
scanning for nothing in particular, then he'd go back to

dominating the wonderful world of "Claw Land."

Ae >

Chapter Three: Wild Effigies

=. 4 oa

‘ries bP Nal aPuddlefootistoliken
them:to heralds, sent to the Tellurian bearing gifts
from the Wyld. Wherever a Puddlefoot goes, he
brings chaos, activity and change with him. From
themoment of his possession or exogenésis, a
Puddlefootisdrivento strengthen the Wyldthrough
the| promulgation) of spontaneous' thoughts and
deeds, and'to encourage the same in the other
creatures' of the*Telltirian. The Puddlefoot's mo-
tives, such@s they are, carirarely be understood by
the typical mortal mind. Even direct discourse can
prove frustrating, as the questioner attempts to
maintain théPuddlefoot's attention long enough to

~ find patterns where they are none to he found.

The avérage Puddlefoot's behavior seems at first
ridiculously erratic. Hismodus operandiare consistent
‘only insofat as one can rely on a Puddlefoot to never
"use the' same means of methods twice in a row. A
‘Puddlefoot lives for change, and changes life —his
own and that of the world around him — in order to
livé, The truth is/that Puddlefeet believe that they
begin ‘to calcify the minute they stop moving and
changing, andinsodging, begin toserve the Weaver.
When this happens they fear they will begin'to lose

"consistency inethis ‘world,\as they are no longer
serving, their "greater purpose." And they know the
fate of such fallen Puddléfeet, that the Wyld ulti-

"mately withdraws such failed servitors from' the

Tellurian altogether, dispersing their energy for new
and more efficacious use elsewhere.

"Rowers: (Required) Chaos Engine; (Sug-
thin') Homogeneity, Iriatic Sense
.) "Faints: (Required) Derangement; (Suggested)

| The Fading, Uncontrollable Power, Urges

After a minute or three, he seemed to come to the
decision that he'd won enough. He zipped up his coat
and strolled past me through the front doors, leaving his
"winnings" on the floor behind him. Puzzled, I followed
him with my eyes, staring out the glass doors and into the
parking lot. What I saw confused me more than a little.

The man happily strolled alongside a row of parked
cars in front of the building, pausing only momentarily
at each before finally stopping near a dull gray sedan
with Alabama plates. I remember the license plate
specifically because I was staring at it when it flew off.
While the man stood by, I watched the plate become
unhinged of its own accord and fling itself into the air,
bolts and all. The plate spun a few times, then landed
in a garbage bin not two feet away from where the man

aa

|

Seer ere ree ere aren. ve ar remem mre)

stood. Satisfied, the stranger bundled up his coat and
walked with a spring in his step across the meager lawn
toward the interstate.

I found out later that the car belonged to — or, more
accurately, had been stolen by — a pair of convicts who
were on the run from the Birmingham PD, having
jumped parole together the week before. I'm not saying
our "mystery man" had any prior knowledge of this, mind
you —just pointing out one more interesting coincidence
in a series of interesting coincidences. If that wasn't a
gorgon, I wouldn't ever know one if I saw one.

Reavers
Barbed-Wire-Scars speaks:

Finally got away from stinking man-road. Took
the woods-path into fresh mountains, looking for
Wyld-children. Jack-alpha says we head for place
where Wyld grows strong. Happy to be out of Weaver-
city and too much man-metal-stench.

We stop to camp in glade, not clean but near-
clean. Jack reads from paper-sheets and Connie starts
mouth-smoke-breath again. I go "on patrol" to avoid
wrong-tar-stink and to find food. Walking in wolf-
skin, outside camp, maybe a mile, I hear Weaver
sounds. Slow hum of man-machines. I take war-wolf
skin and follow trail to see-smell.

Through the trees, in a clearing up ahead, I see the
man-machine itself. Stabbed into Gaia-ground, making
high popping noises. I stop to listen; popping noise comes
evenly, every five wolf-breaths. Glass square on front side
of man-machine shows set of shifting red lights. I note
that red-lights shift evenly with popping noises.

Just then, more sounds. Footsteps-huge, from other
side of clearing. Crackling twigs and stomping-pace;
approaching animal is very big and very angry. I hide
more behind Gaia-tree, watch and wait. Across clear-
ing, Wyld-man-beast bursts from trees into sight. Looks
like bear-boar-stag-wolf, walks like human, smells purely
of Wyld and is much bigger than human. It sees man-
machine and stomps across clearing to it. Looking
down, Wyld-man-beast shimmers — like heat off of man-
road—and the clearing begins to grow warm. Furon back
of neck begins to rise. I don't pant, don't give away
position. Then Wyld-hot-beast roars, smoke rising from
its maw, as it brings both arms down upon man-ma-
chine. Man-machine crackles and blue-light-streaks
fly. One hits Wyld-hot-beast and it smiles, closes its
eyes. Man-machine pops once more, then dies.

I sit still, waiting for glade to cool and for Wyld-
man-beast to leave. Neither one happens. Wyld-man-
beast sniffs once, then opens eyes. Turns head to look
straight at me, behind Gaia-tree. | fight urge to whine.
It sniffs once more, then looks down at broken man-

74 Possessed

 damammesimammiaia tiniest ee

machine and smiles. Then Wyld-man-beast leaves,
just as it came in, as clearing cools.

When I no longer hear crunching footsteps-huge,
I feel it safe to move from behind Gaia-tree, and run
fast with empty-belly all the way back to camp.

Reguers

In these trying times, the Wyld often needs to
make its point at the end of a very large stick.
Reavers are, to put it simply, embodiments of the
Wyld's fury and frustration. Some Garou interpret
them as soldiers or even assassins, but in reality
they're more ofa complicated reflex action, like a
horse's tail swatting a fly.

Reavers\are drawn to-missions of vengeance
and destruction, even more so'than their other
Wyld counterparts. They tend to appear at places
thatiarestrong with Weaver and/or Wyrm ener-
gies, and such an appearance typically heralds
the arrival of a singularly destructive event of
some kind or another. Reavers tend to display.a
marked lack of subtlety, and thus tend to team
up with, other more: reasoning gorgons and
Wyldlings,/or else rely solely on the unerring
sense of direction they possess where their quarry
or prey is concerned.

The most dangerous aspect of the Reavers is
their ability to move from target to target without
the need for gathering information or receiving
instructions. Typically, an "unassigned" Reaver
receives each next target by tracking the patterns
in rising Weaver and Wyrm energies. When a
certain critical mass is reached, the Reaver "locks
on? to the offending source, signaling it out‘as its
next "assignment," These single-minded warriors
then follow that source relentlessly until either it
is destroyed or until another, greater source of
Weaver/Wyrm energy demands their attention.

Powers: (Required) Triatic Sense*;) (Sug-
gested) Armored Hide, Berserker, Elemental Re-
sistance, Natural Weaponry, ReSeneration

Taints: (Required) /Urges; (Suggested). De-
rangement

*Note: Reavers' Triatic Sense operates ata
slightly higher potency with one regard: When
the Reaver is using the power to"home in" on his
specifically chosen target, the power never fails
and will always guide him in the proper direction.
While ‘in between "assignments," a Reavet's
Triatic Sense power operatesin the usual fashion
— until the Reaver picks up a new target of
choice, of course.


Sterling Woods speaks:

My friends and I, we got this little operation set up
out here in Phoenix. There's an awful lot of power and
industry moving through this town, if you get my drift,
and we aim to be a part of most if not all of it... after
a fashion. There ain't a single construction project,
bid, RFP, BAFO, or contract negotiation that goes on
in this town without our hearing of it and usually
getting our fingers in it shortly thereafter. It was during
one such operation that I first ran into one of these
strange motherfuckers.

The project concerned what would otherwise have
been a relatively small sub-contract, installing new
girders and pressure gauges in the lab facility over at
WhatsitCorp, or whatever that ridiculous dummy com-
pany outside of town is called. In either case, we've
known for some time that Pentex does some hardcore
shit in the bowels of that building, and we'd been
angling for a way inside. When we first caught wind of
the RFP we were truly amazed — and not a little bit
suspicious — at our seeming good fortune. But appar-
ently some Wyrm-stooge did indeed forget to do his
homework, and our little outfit was in like Flynn before
you could say "cheese."

So there I was, pretending to be checking the old
gauges on Sub-2 while actually looking around for the
secret entrance to Sub-3 — you know, the floor that
isn't supposed to be there, according to WhatsitCorp's
registered blueprints of the facility. When I finally did
find one (they'd hidden the door to a web of offices
behind a false aluminum backing on one of the central
vent shafts), I discovered that someone had beaten me
to the punch.

Some guy, dressed all funny and with weird col-
ored hair and eyes, was just completing a systematic
search of the lower-level offices I'd just stumbled into.
He stood down at the conjunction of a parallel hall-
way, a pair of wire-rimmed glasses on his face and some
kind of black box clutched in his hands. I was so
stunned to see him (it?) standing there, that I just
blanked for a second. And in that single moment, the
"man" turned and silently vanished down the hall.

Three seconds later, when | arrived panting at the
"T" created by the intersection of the two corridors, I
looked and saw absolutely nothing in either direction.
I''dalready decided to jump ship by the time the facility
alarm sounded, some ten seconds later.

Tommuyknockort

Tamala Engine-Strong speaks:

To be honest, I'll openly admit that having one
eye isa bummer. Some folks get all defensive, claiming

og euppbmemerenere ocean

Jangrea,

ngreal are the strangestofgorgons. They are
always exogenetic, and always created with aspe-
cific, purpose in mind. They seem to be the cre-
ation of a Wyld-spitit with ahigher| level of "sen-
tience" (or at least-a mode of reasoning closer to
what humahs use), as they are born. with aspecific
task in mind and (usually) che wherewithal to
carry thar task out. Sangreal tasks often seem
mysterious, and even illogical;-some are sent to
perform, one duty, requiring a minimum of both
time and energy, while others ate' given broad,
- long-term) goals which can: y take months or even
years to accomplish, Theit very existence is tied to
the spirit world; much more so than other gorgons.
They often fade back into the Umbra with greater
ease.than their‘fleshly brothers and sisters, and
_rarelystay onthe Tellutian for very long after their
shose ‘quest has been completed:
-». Powers: (Required) Skin-Shift, SpirirTies,
Triatic. Sense; (Suggested) Umbral Passage,
‘VeilBreach

Paints: (Binteestedy Fading, Urges

the rights of the independently handicapped, or what
have you, but I remember what it was like having two
eyes. So, yeah, losing one really is a bummer. Just the
same, it's nice to know that there are some things for
which having one eye is preferable. That's not to say
that the thing itself is always preferable, mind you,
merely that having only one eye can get you there in
the first place. Take this, for example...

Now, it's no great secret that I'm not the biggest
fan of all this outdoorsy shit, the camping and starving
and freezing and whatnot, and I've been called on it
more than once. I just feel I do more good to the
Mother inside the city, you know? Well, anyhow, so we
were outside city limits for a while on business, and
because I'm no survivalist nut, nobody in my pack was
really surprised when I got up from my so-called sleep-
ing bag and went fora walk. Smokin' Joe, the Ragabash
we rely on, had already done a good recon of the area
and didn't get a bit of Wyrmsign, so we figured it was
pretty safe. So when I got up and lit out for a bit, my
pack let me go off alone.

Yeah, spare me the raised hackles. I know it was
dumb, and I've already gotten the censure. Lemme
finish, all right?

So I ended up wandering off toward the beaten
path, as opposed to away from it — like I said, it's my
nature. A ways down the road, back the way we came,
I stopped just to listen to the night. That was about

forte sence tnicarasinine americana

Chapter Three: Wild Effigies 75

seamen,

when I sensed something odd in the wind and could
faintly hear something coming from the nearby woods,
a little ways off the path, by the sound of it. I called on
Gaia to ward me against prying eyes, wrapped my scarf
around my face for good measure, and slowly walked
into the woods toward the sounds.

After a minute or two, there was this dull light
starting to emerge from the darkness ahead of me. It
could have been a lantern or tent light of some kind,
but it was hard to tell with one eye from where I was
standing. As I inched closer, | began to make out
details. There was a clearing up ahead; a bright yellow
tent, a red and white cooler on the ground outside, a
green pick-up truck to the rear. The light was coming
from a small campfire. There seemed to be something
near it, blocking some of the light from my skewed
view, but I couldn't quite make it out. So 1 moved
closer. (Look, I was pretty confident in my ability to
stay hidden at this point, so I wasn't really very wor-
tied. And I'm a big enough girl not to shriek if I saw
something funny.)

Well — yeah. I got near enough, and what I saw
made my skin crawl. There, hunched beside the camp-
fire, was a short gray guy. Didn't have a stitch of

(a

clothing on, and had this big bulbous head and a
multitude of knotted muscle groups in all the wrong
places. But it was only a short little thing, and... well,
all in all, it didn't remind me of anything so much as a
grotesquely distorted child. And still I couldn't see its
face. It was huddled by the fire, staring intently at the
entrance to the tent.

As I watched, the tent flap opened and a bleach-
blond surfer dude emerged, shirtless and blowing into
his hands. He looked around for a brief moment,
appeared not to see the twisted little gray shit standing
only five feet away, and headed straight for the pick-
up. Needless to say, I started thinking about why he
hadn't seen the thing if I could. It was about then that
I noticed his campfire; wasn't in a pit, was all sloppily
built, and even the slightest breeze would probably
light the forest up. About that time I figured it out.

The thing was waiting to see what the human was
going to do.

So the surfer comes back with an armload of
kindling, and he dumps most of it right on top of the
campfire. Boom. Fire gets a lot bigger, and I get kind of
tense. But the surfer looks pleased with himself, and
hops back into his tent. The critter, now — that's

Possessed

EEE

|

when it stands up. Tiny thing, couldn't have been
more than four feet. But with this silent jerk, it jumps
across the clearing, landing just outside the entrance
to the tent. It reaches up around its neck, produces
what I'd swear was a thin, wicked-looking wire, and
proceeds to fasten it around the two entry flaps of the
tent. Locking the boy in.

And then the creature turned, and | got a look at
its face. Shit. It had two black lines for lips, each one
twisting upward at either end in a crude caricature of
a smile, and a long pointed nose. Big, sick-looking
green eyes, set back in these big, shadowy eyesockets,
and these*watery tears running down its face. Weird
little fuck then leaned forward, into the fire, and came
out with a handful of smoking coals, still very much
alight. It gave a sniff, and with one hand, pulled yet
more of that cord from around its neck. It measured out
a line of the black material, placing one end at the
entrance to the tent. The other it placed into the
middle of the campfire, where it immediately lit up.
And like some kind of cartoon, the fire ran across the
cord toward the tent.

The tent goes up. The guy inside starts panicking,
scraping at the tent flaps. He starts trying to uproot the
whole mess, but for some reason he can't do it; it's like
the tent's been nailed down three times as hard. And
I realize the tent's rigged more than what I saw at first,
and there's no way that surfer-guy's getting out without
some major burns, if not dead.

And what does Little Gray Bastard do? He looks
over to where I'm sitting, puts his finger to his lips, and
he "shushes" me.

Iswear, I gotno Wyrm-taint off the critter. He sure
wasn't doing anything Weaver-style, and if he was one
of Gaia's own, I'm Pam Grier. So I guess he must've
been a gorgon, and if anyone can tell me just what the
fuck he was doing there and why the fuck he was doing
it, I'd be much obliged.

Leabng UG Corgont

Amethyst Wing-Mender takes up the tale again:

I thank those among us that have shared their
tales. Although I do not recognize all the gorgons
you've spoken of, I do see the touch of the Wyld on
each tale. We all do, I believe.

You have all been quite fortunate, as well. Not one
of you was forced to come to blows with the gorgons
you met. Such a clash can have no real victor; if the
Garou triumph, the already failing Wyld has lost
another defender, perhaps even another portion of
itself, but if the gorgon wins, Gaia loses yet more of her
already too few champions.

eee

eS, EEE PERE

eract almost exclusively with
: eared (in' various guises) in
the folklore! of many ‘tribal © tures over time. At
various times' they have*been: called "gremlins,"
" Shobgoblins," or"bogeymen," and have even been
Vmistakent for the fairies with whom, they: like to
‘keep Strange company. They are always exogenic,
rand only, vaguely human-formed.
"Tommyknockers, have developed a very
strange and specialized duty fora gorgon: Keeping
the wild (and the Wyld) salive and fresh in the
hearts and minds ofthe children of the Tellurian.
ons encourage dread and respect forthe
Lean iibrenvendaey do: They foster fear of the
unknown, and are delighted whenever Humans
»\ grow more worried about the."unprédictable" hap-
pening. Although their niche is so specialized that
‘they até the itarest of gorgom. breeds, they are
peeranly among the most distinctive.
Powers: (R: equired) Invisibility; (Suggested)
Haaibae sich Horror, Regeneration.
‘Taints: (Required) Urges; (Suggested) De:
pauiec aie al ANA q

It is naturally very difficult to recognize a gorgon
for what it is in time to formulate any sort of strategy.
It pains me to admit that it's all too likely that many
gorgons have perished at the claws of our own kind
from sheer ignorance. But if you can, I beg you to
observe first if at all possible. Do not attack unless it
attacks first. Assist it if your goals are at all similar. The
gorgons are asign of hope, asign that the Wyld still has
a chance.

But they, of course, are also a potential threat.

What else can I say?

GorgontAre Truly Diverse

Fomori are a study in diversity, but they are noth-
ing next to the gorgons. Any creature that gets its
power from the nucleus of possibility itself is a poten-
tially dangerous foe (in every sense) in anybody's
estimation — orat least should be. I have seen a gorgon
up close, and it made my experiences with the Wyrm-
tainted seem predictable and "safe" by comparison.
With gorgons, you cannot really know what they'll do
or even if it will make any sense to you.

Gorgon! Are Nop avd Never Wore -loman

Regarding fomori, some more... optimistic Garou
believe that you can often "break through" to the

Chapter Three: Wild Ef figies 77

eeenet i

ll

human victim who lies beneath the stranglehold the
Wyrm has clasped around its soul. With gorgons, there
is rather less to break through to, and this fact more
than anything else makes them terrifying opponents.
They have no morality for homids to relate to. They
are beyond the animal-mind that lupus understand.
We learned from the fomori how easy it is to be set off
our guard by a thing that looks pleasantly familiar and
harmless. But the gorgons are growing more and more
versatile, even becoming able to carry off a human
seeming for a time. That can be dangerously mislead-
ing.

Corgont Are Nether Fendt Nor Enertiat

On the surface, many gorgons have a great dealin
common with fomori. They hunger, they kill} rhey tear
families and property apart with abandon, and so on.
They have much in common with us in that, too. But
you cannot tell with a gorgon what obscure purpose is
being served, or evenvif the gorgon serves one at.all.
The possibility that their actions are completely arbi
trary is what frightens most of us about the Wyld, and
it should frighten us about the Wyld' s children. And
more so than with the fomori, it's dangerous to try to
get inside a gorgon'smind, or think that you can puzzle
out its motivations aiid purpose. It's likely that you
can't. They are all but completely alien to us in both
thought and deed. Understand that if you see a gorgon
doing something "good" (as opposed to "evil"), that it
is a complete coincidence in the grand scheme, and
should not be taken as any indicator that the freakish
thing will ever repeat the behavior, or that it even
remotely comprehends what we would call the relative
morality of its actt6As!

Conifuon

There. I have spoken far more than I planned, and
I hope that I have at least brought a bit more under-
standing to some of you. I apologize for distracting this
moot for as long as I have; but I feel that perhaps it will
be worth it. If we are to defend the Wyld, we must
understand it as best we can, so that we do not do it
damage in defending ourselves against its reflexive
defense mechanisms. Look for its children. Aid them
if you can. They are the living hope of regaining
Balance — and thus, they are an added hope of saving
the Mother.

Laetiqutog Coorgont

Whether a gorgon is controlled by a player or by
the Storyteller, anumber of factors must be considered
if one is to become a regular fixture of your game:

¢ What sort of gorgon is it? First, is the gorgon a
possessed gorgon or an exogenetic one? In either case,
if the gorgon is meant for player use, it should likely
purchase the Skinshift power (see the Appendix),
though possibly at a reduced cost, depending on Sto-
ryteller allowance and/or preference. After this, de-
cide on the rest of the background details. Did the
gorgon come into being as a result of a tree joining
forces with a Wyldling? It's very important to under-
stand the history of a gorgon, as history and purpose
and identity are often inexorably intertwined.

¢ What makes the gorgon asuitable ally or antago-
nist? Depending on whatsort of game you're running,
the role of the gorgon character or characters can run
the.gamuty'ftom.a brief enigmatic foreshadowing ap-
pearance to the largest, focal characters of the story.
You need to decide what, why, and how much the
gorgon(s) will be involved with your other players'
characters. In the case of typical Werewolf games,
your gorgonmight play the role of an occasional
cohort, often doubling as some time antagonist, de-
pending on the goals and aims of all involved. If the
gorgon isgoing to be a long-running ally of the pack or
group (mainly appropriate only if the rest of the pack
isdedicated to the defense of the Wyld, such as a mixed
Black Furies and Red Talons pack), you need to decide
why and if everyone involved knows the full story on
their new ally. In the case of all-gorgon games, this
becomes something of a moot point, but it's still
worthwhile to analyze what sort of unique talents and
skills each character will bring to the group.

® What types of resources can a gorgon bring to
bear? Beyond the typical collection of powers, Taints
and Abilities, what does the gorgon have at its dis-
posal? Does it have a spirit patron of some sort? If it
manages to spend time as a "faux human," has it
managed to acquire some true assets in the mortal
world? Perhaps the gorgon has developed Allies or
Contacts in its dealings. While it is unlikely that any
gorgons will ever truly become a part of society, it is not
unreasonable to assume that one with the proper
power and intellect might make the most of its time
and energy on Earth.

eylog Corgont

Playing a gorgon character is a sight more difficult
and complex than it may seem at first glance. Even if one
opts to play one of the more "goal-directed" gorgon
breeds, there are still considerations which must be taken
into account. Foremost is the issue of madness. In many
ways, in order to truly roleplay a servitor of the Wyld, one
must embody the seemingly senseless and patternless

78 Possessed

el

2 ae


style of the Wyld. A tall order, considering the tendency
of most games to run along narratively sound parameters.

So a delicate balance must therefore be reached.
The player must find a good "handle" for his character,
a way to get inside the mind of such a creature and to
roleplay what he sees therein, without letting the sheer
insanity of the paradigm overwhelm how his character
can and/or should act. Be alien, be enigmatic, be
familiar and be direct. Be violent and be gentle. Be
contradictory, and then surprisingly consistent. Don't
be silly, or useless, or wacky; don't play your character
for laughs or for cheap ploys for atterition.
Give itawhirl. ee howha

Unlike other posse
seem not to have any si
developing their Au
"freedom" would (or
really want or need?
gorgons can becom
have no fear of
for power.

However,
— any spirit —
dichotomy of spirit
in a fomor, develop:
ters. Even in the case
the increased intellect'
by the spirit also incr
desires never held or
who becomes a gorgi
understanding much_m
inside it, and could eve ‘Tesent
tenant's presence for one or ence. After a
the maddening thoughts of a Wyldling are more th:
enough to whittle away the patience of any thinking
creature, no matter how simple it may be. And the
trade-off is that the higher the gorgon's Autonomy
rating, the more independence it is allowed, and the
quieter the demands of the Wyld become.

Thus, all gorgon characters, be they possessed or
exogenetic, start with the normal Autonomy rating. In
the case of exogenetic gorgons, the Autonomy battle
is an interesting one. As they increase in Autonomy,

t amid find hi

they don't begin to stifle the spirit "side" of themselves
so much as become more and more capable of thought
andaction of somewhat less than purest Wyld. Whereas
a Puddlefoot with an Autonomy rating of 2 acts more
or less at the whims of his Urges and his instinct, one
with an Autonomy of 9 has more room to move, to
breathe, to enjoy life. He doesn't necessarily have to
obey his random chaotic thoughts all the time, and can
act more in accordance with whatever personality he
has developed over time.

Ultimately, the Autonomy battle can only end one
of two ways for an exogenetic gorgon: If he raises his
Autonomy to 10 (an ryteller permission), he
terial world altogether,
mbra for as long as he
ernately, he can
Y a powerful spirit

The exogenetic gorgon
it would have no life, but
ce at true independence,
it chooses. Though such a

e equivalent of forsaking
existence, merely for the
own), itisactually granted
n it does come. In no case,
tic gorgon "exorcise" the spirit
mental part of his very being,

ave different options at their
dog, fi mple, ever reaches
: , with Storyteller
it side into a state
shutting down the
nd impulses to the point where
it and feeling are entirely domi-
nant. Again, actual exorcism of the spirit is only
possible through outside interference, and in the un-
likely event that such interference is even successful,
the end result would be the gorgon returning to its
natural state. In the case of our canine gorgon, the
character would become an ordinary dog once more,
although he may (at Storyteller discretion) retain
some of the benefits from his time as a gorgon, such as
his advanced intellect and even some of the more
comfortable powers he had learned.

independent tho

Chapter Three: Wild Effigies 79

aaa

mame yg


It is far from easy to determine whether she [Nature]
has proved to man a kind parent or a merciless stepmother.

— Pliny the Elder, Natural History

hufrodyition

To whomever reads these words, | offer greetings.
My name is Tara Somersby, and I have been told that I
am the world's foremost authority on the enigmatic
beings known as Kami. If that is so, it is a sad state of
affairs, for the extent of my knowledge of these won-
drous creatures is pitiful indeed. At the encouragement
of one of my tribe-sisters — and perhaps to the anger of
my elders, once they find what I have done — I am
risking putting my knowledge to paper. Some of my
elders claim that to put lore to paper empowers the
Weaver and shifts the balance further, but in all hon-
esty, I believe that the risk is worth the actual reward —
that the lore of our allies might reach farther, instructing
more Garou so that they can be of more service to Gaia
and Her children. The following is a written record of all
that I have discovered over the course of the past forty-
odd years. I hope that someone finds it to be of use.

Besides my own experiences and those related by the
various Garou I have met, | have gathered information on
the Kami from two main sources. The first of these is the
legends and lore of the Asiatic Fera, who have kept

reasonably good records of the Gaian spirits-made-flesh
which influence their activities from time to time. It is of
course true that the Beast Courts view the spirit world in
a manner different from that of Western Garou, and
hence much of what they dismiss as myth and legend
might in fact have some basis in truth (and vice versa).
We must thus use caution when viewing Kami through
an Eastern lens. Be that as it may, however, there is a
reason that the word has filtered into the Japanese
language, and the myths and legends of the Orient can
prove to be quite helpful when attempting to discern the
nature and activities of the "fomori" of the Earth Mother.

The second source of information for my studies
comes from Miguel Guitierrez, a Shadow Lord operating
in and around the northern reaches of Mexico. His own
studies have focused on the extinct Fera race known as
the Camazotz, who in some legends (denounced by
several elders as heretical) had stronger ties with Gaia
than any other Fera species. If the Garou can be likened
to the claws and teeth of Gaia, and the Mokolé to Her
memory, and the Corax to Her eyes and ears, then the

Chapter Four: Spirits of the Earth 81
EZ OE Sy

fp


2 eosreu menses ot caremeani aerobic acme aura res aocer camara

Camazotz might best be thought of as Her voice. Somesay
they knew more of spirit matters than any other beings in
the world, andsome had the presence of mind to pass their
knowledge on to those outside their own kind before they
died to the last. Miguel has been investigating this
knowledge, and he has passed on what little he learned of
Kami to me. | will attempt to organize and relate this
information here, so that other Garou might understand
what these unique beings have to offer us.

The Anukene|

Before we get too carried away, it might be helpful
to define just what, exactly, a Kami is. The word
appears not only in our own tongue, but also in
Japanese folklore, which itself stems from the old
Shinto religion common in Japan before the advent of
various strains of Buddhism and, later, Christianity.
When used in the mortal sense the word "kami" refers
to the spirits which reside in all things. The association
with a physical object is important; Shinto kami were
not simply ghosts, or even what we Garou would call
Naturae. Rather, they were spirits found in all physical
things, from mountains to billy goats to cardboard
boxes, and according to Shinto doctrine were deserv-
ing of reverence and respect. Yes, even the boxes.

This way of thinking is hardly alien to most Garou,
as we know full well that spirits of nature reside in all
physical things, be they living or non. It is important to
note, however, that the creatures we call Kami differ from
the Shinto concept of the term in a number of important
respects. To begin with, Kami are not simply boxes with
awakened spirits in them. Such a being is simply an
awakened box, notaKami. A kami becomesa Kami when
the spirit goes astep beyond simply awakening. It must go
beyond this simple state and change the form and function
of its host in a fundamental manner. By doing so it gains
the ability to manifest certain powers which might be
likened to Garou gifts, and I will examine these in some
detail in the passages which follow.

Sound te Fath

In contrast to Drones and fomori, Kami are almost
always awakened spirits. While they have host forms,
the spirits do not possess a body so much as transform a
body they already occupy. Thus, while Banes and
Weaver-spirits and even gorgons must battle with their
hosts for control of a body, the awakened spirits that
occupy Kami are singularly independent entities. The
Kami are manifestations of the touch of the Mother
Herself — rare and wondrous as they are, is it any
wonder that we revere them rather than revile them?

An important outgrowth of the fundamental na-
ture of Kami is the fact that they do not exist prior to the

transformation of their host. In the case of fomori, for
example, the spirit that possesses a host is an indepen-
dent entity prior to the transformation process, and
may in fact leave the host body at any time. This is not
so with Kami. The spirit that animates a Kami is the
reflection of the item or being in the Umbra, and does
not exist separately from its host. Thus, Kami are not
so much created as born, when Gaia shapes the host-
spirit's form into a sentient being, which reshapes the
host's being into an extension of Gaia's will.

Those Kami with host bodies may be animals, hu-
mans, plants, even awakened portions of land. There are
oldtales of entire mountains who were awake and invested
with Gaia's power — there are still places untouched by
humans that might boast grand Kami of that sort. I hope so.

Rarest of all are the Kami that spring forth from
the Mother full-formed — they have no true host as
such, but rather form their body from the matter
around them as needed. Such Kami are halfway be-
tween the fusion of spirit and flesh that typifies gorgons
and the spirit-made-solid of a materialized spirit. I
don't know whether such Kami even play by the
biological rules of the hosts they seem to resemble —
do they need to eat or drink, do they age? I cannot tell.

Xitel aod Natorae

IONS OY MAE many Garou
asstme that Kamiand Naturae are somehow con-
"nected« After all, both represent, thematic. ele-
mentsof Gaia's personification, and both perform
"tasks that ‘are superficially similar, However, an
important distinction between Kami and Naturae
as the fact that Naturae are. entirely spirit, and
usually reside in the Umbra, while Kami are mate-
tial things housing spirits which have been awak-
enedwithin them. Thoughoutwardly quite simi-
Alar, Kami and Naturae in: fact have no further
yeonnection besides their common service to Gaia;
- and tend to find one another just a little bit odd.

Kamiact primarily to defend themselves and to carry
out whatever task they feel Gaia's set for them. This may
amount to defending a particular parcel of land (particu-
larly if the Kami happens to be a portion of land), but it
mightalso include aiding the process of life in any number
of fashions. A prairie Kami, for example, will take actions
to defend an open stretch of wilderness, but will also seek
to hobble agents of the Weaver or Wyrm who intrude in
such areas. Similarly, a bison Kami will seek to defend its
herd from human and Wyrm corruption, but will also
protect the land on which it dwells. No matter the Kami's

Possessed

_——

a

)


ere ienemerenend eee

form, its duties tend to involve some measure of defense
of both land and the living.

While Kami are ultimately dedicated to protecting
the process of life in one form or another, they are not
necessarily concerned with living things per se; rather, it
is the proper functioning of Gaia's cycle that most con-
cerns them. This means that a Kami is perfectly willing to
kill to achieve its ends, and that its ends might even
involve the deaths of living things. I have heard that a
Kami in the northern United States, for instance, was
quite concerned about burgeoning deer populations in
recent years, and took to killing off a significant number
each autumn so that entire populations of deer don't
suffer during particularly harsh winters. Though such
extreme methods may seem harsh, they represent Gaia's
way of maintaining balance among the living, so that the
process of life may continue, even if individuals must die.

Jerttng fle ofher

Whereas fomori are vessels for fundamentally self-
ish Banes, and Drones are essentially automatons
carrying out the Weaver's orders, Kami tend) t6)be
fairly independent. They also tend to be fairly singular
manifestations of Gaia's will, sincé they are not typi-
cally free spirits to begin with. A Kami who takes the
form of an elephant willbe completely different from
aKami who takes the form of an oak tree, and both will
likewise be completely different from one who be-
comes the voice ofa tallgrass prairie. Like life itself, the
ranks of Kami are filled with infinite diversity, and
they take every form the mind can imagine.

Given their uniqueness, it should come as no sur- _
prise that Kami are.fairlyindepéndent Gaia gives Her
children awareness, and allows them to pursue Her work
in whatever fashion they see fit. As such, most Kami are
not even aware of the existence of other Kami, and they
have no real society to speak of. They simply perform
their work with the fanaticism a Drone would admire,
lashing out at those who corrupt the world around them
and hiding from those who would hurt them.

Kami are rarely organized beings. They do not
burrow into the organizations of their enemies, and they
do not often have long term plans or goals. They are
quintessentially Wyld, and do their work and live their
lives in the here and now. A lost puppy or needy family
can snag their attention, but the long-range goals of
corrupt corporations are utterly beyond them. Paradoxi-
cally, however, many are also very old, and exhibit
tremendous patience in achieving their goals. This does
not mean said goals are more intricate or far-reaching
than those of any other Kami, however; far from it. It
simply means that they will continue to fight for their
goal even if it might take a century or more to achieve.
It is Gaia's work. Long or short, that is all that matters.

Chapter Four: Spirits of the Earth

a Sere

Bony and Mod,

Once a host body has been transformed into a Kami,
it can never return to its former state. The host and spirit
can no more be separated than can a human's body and
mind. This tends to make Kamia bit more cautious about
their behavior than are Drones, fomori or gorgons. They
recognize the fact that they are not simply riding around
in vessels of some sort — the bodies they possess belong
to them, and they cannot simply depart if the body ceases
to function. Not surprisingly, then, Kami are often skit-
tish around other spiritual beings, and frightened of more
lethal creatures such as, well, ourselves, other Fera or
more powerful spirits. When coupled with their rarity,
this makes finding,thetiivery difficult, and as such most
Garou are not even aware of their existence. Should you
Stiimblesacross,one, then, you must use great care in
approaching it. These be guntique and incredibly
valuable, and we must make every effort to build good
relationships with the w that we encounter.

Geaa

Be & truths of the spirit world
that everything has ‘Even the greatest spirits are
bound to behave in: ith their purpose: The
Wyrm cannot create, a
Weaver cannot putsu n
this principle. In return f
receive, they must abide b'
We - may never  ¥ unders 1

oldest spirit pacts, the geas.
Justaswe take theban of ourtotemsupon ourselves toprove
ourselves worthy of the gifts bestowed on them, the Kami
receive these taboos asa price for the direct blessings of Gaia
Herself. They must act in accordance with these prohibi-
tions, or lose a measure of favor. And just as in our own
relations with our totems, the price is a small one to pay.

Fath!

As I've previously mentioned, individual spirits do
not select host bodies for Kami; rather, Gaia Herself
selects them, often for reasons known only to Her. Since
each Kamiis unique, it follows that a huge variety of host
bodies are suitable for transformation, and in the pas-
sages that follow I will attempt to lay down some general
guidelines for what types of individuals get selected, and
why, and what happens as a result.

Ate avd "art Pathe

Plant and animal hosts are the most common
forms of Kami, as they are plentiful throughout the

83

ony

J
|

ee

world and relatively unsullied by either the Weaver or
Wyrm's touch. There is no particular pattern to the
plants and animals chosen to be Gaia's voice; some-
times She chooses a mighty elephant, and sometimes
She chooses a meager chipmunk. The form of the
Kami doesn't really matter, since Gaia, not their physi-
cal bodies, grants the power they wield.

Ate Gapoy Kapol?

It'sat this pointin thediscussion thatmany Garouask
me if we are not, ourselves, flesh-borne Kami. After all,
we are spirits madeflesh, and we are here fora very specific
purpose: to protect Gaia from humanity , and to push back
the Wyrm which threatens to' consume Her. Doesn't it
make sense that we might be thought of as Kami?

Tn truth, I don't know how to answer this question,
On'the one hand, Kamiare by definition unique, andare
specifically created by Gaiato for very specific reasons. In
this sense, itdoesn't seem that the Garou or the Feracould
possibly be Kami of any sort. Buton the other hand; some
say we are the products of spirits mating with wolves and
humans. Our progenitors Fenris, Uktena, Griffon,
andeven great Gaia Herself — can perhaps be thought of
as flesh-bome Kami, so one might indeed say that we are
the children of Kami. I would, however, say that we are
likely too far removed from the' source, if you «ill, to
legitimately be called Kami ourselves:

— Tara Somersby

You know, once I had it explained to me that we
Garou are both spiritand flesh, not some genetic fluke,
and that we were created by Gaia long ago, I though
that was pretty singular. And when ] heard about
fomori, I started wondering if they were the same thing.
But the first time I saw a Bane depart a dead fomor, I
realized we weren't quite the same; you don' t-see any
werewolf spirit leave one of our own fallen.As you
probably have already seen for yourself, dammit.

But we do have ancestor-spirits, you know: And
some of us‘can contact our own ancestors, channeling
them in kind ofa. similar way to a Bane exerting control
overits host. And from what!' veheard, Gaia trusts Her
Kami to do their own thing and make their own judge-
ment calls — just like us. So it'makes you wonder,

You ask me, I think we were Kami once; I think
we were the most successful Kami ever, and that‘we
started breeding so well that eventually we became our
own thing; Kami that can reproduce on their.own,
even if it's not always reliable:

But, ah... don't tellhanyone 1 told you that)\I
suggested as much to a Fiainnaelder once, and, well)
here. You wanna see the scar? No? Yeah, thought not:

~~ Corbin Ridgewalker

84 Possessed

Yi, ian —S ee

All plant and animal Kami are gifted with an aware-
ness of their surroundings exceeding that of most humans,
and are infused with a portion of Gaia's power and
reverence for life. Most are capable of communicating
with humans or, at the very least, other supernatural
beings. They use their abilities to counsel and advise those
humans who are willing to listen, but most are unwilling
to speak with Garou or other Fera. Though they are also
Gaia's children, those of us granted the gift of Rage are too
violent for most Kami's tastes, and as such most of our kind
are unaware of their existence. Ifa Garou is respectful and
can convince the Kami of her good intentions, however,
she may find the Kami can become a powerful ally.

All Kami have special powers granted to them by
Gaia, which they use to survive and aid the living world
around them. Some of these are described later on in this
work, but the list is by no means exhaustive. There are as
many different Kami powers as there are Kami, and none
can be called any more or less typical than any other.

bak

Kami Type: Animal
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 1
Social: Appearance 1, Manipulation 3, Charisma 5
Meatal: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits'5
Talents: Alertness:4, Dodge 4, Empathy 4, Ex-
pression 1, Primal-Urge.5
Skills: Animal Ken:5, Etiquette 1, Leadership 1,
Stealth4, Survival 5
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Medicine 5, Occult 4
Gnosis: 9; Willpower: 8
Powers: Heart Sense, Longevity (5), Silent
Speech, Spirit Gifts: Mother's Touch, Spirit Sense,
Spirit Ties, Step Sideways; Subtle Presence:
Geasa: Thankless

Image: Chubak appears to be nothing more
than'a fat old chuckwalla, just like many other
such lizards common: throughout ‘the Southwest
United States. His/skin is blotchy, a mixture of
blacks and tans, andis wrinkled andaged intypical
chuckwalla style. Unlike his nermal kin, however,
Chubak has a look/of ancient wisdom about him,
with eyes that ldok as though they can peer into a
person's soul. That isn't far from the truth.

Roleplaying Hints: Chubak is old, and pa-
tient, and thoroughly uninterested in fighting. He
likes to help humans, and uses his powers to cure
the sick and combat superfiatural ailments when-
ever possible. He likes baskingiin the sun, watch-
ing people and animals, and learning new things.
He doesn't tolerate insolence, though; if someone


abuses his aid, he'll scuttle off to places they can't
find in short order.

History: Chubak has been in the world fora
very, very long time. He originally appeared among
the pueblo:tribes of the Southwest, but has since
moved further east, and now roams parts of Ari-
zona, New Mexico, Colorado, and Utah. He al-
ways seeks to counsel and aid the native peoples of
these regions, and though he fears the "newcom-
ers" (Europeans) he has chosen to help them on
occasion as well. None of the Garou that have
encountered him know what Gaia's mission for
himiis, if indeed he has one beyond healing others
and offering them spiritual guidance. He is not
terribly forthcoming on the subject; inquiries are
met with a look that seems to say, "What are you

1»

asking me for? I'm just a lizard!

Rueshak, the Elpbavt Sag

Kami Type: Animal

Physical: Strength 11, Dexterity 2, Stamina 7
Social: Appearance 2, Manipulation 4, Charisma 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Empathy
1, Expression 1, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Leadership 4, Survival 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Medicine 2, Occult 3
Gnosis: 6; Willpower: 7

Powers: Animal Control (elephants), Bulky, Curse
of Gaia (fear), Invulnerability, Longevity (5),
Natural Weaponry (tusks), Piercing Gaze, Spirit
Ties, Step Sideways, Unnatural Strength

Geasa: Gender Ban (males)

Image: Raeshak is a huge elephant with great
tusks, in the manner of the long-tusker elephants
thought to be driven to extinction during the early
part of the 20° century. Like many Kami, he
appears to be extremely old, and his gray skin is
worn to an even greater extent than that of most
elephants. His ears are scratched and torn from
many battles, but he is otherwise in the peak of
health despite his great age.

Roleplaying Hints: Raeshak is fiercely protec-
tive of his herd, and by extension the whole of the
Elephant Graveyard (see below). Though male, he
behaves much like the matriarch of anelephantherd
—he coordinates the activitiesof the dead, protects
them when necessary, and ruthlessly forces intruders
away from elephants who aremaking the journey to
the Graveyard. He has no interest in speaking with
other living beings, be they human or supernatural.
His elephants are his only concern, and his methods
for dealing with threats are never subtle.

History: Though the Elephant Graveyard
has existed for as long as elephants have existed,
Raeshak is a relatively new addition to it. He was
the first elephant to die there, and he remained at
peace for many thousands of years. But recently,
elephants have come to be hunted extensively for
their tusks, and the elephants of the Graveyard
began to take! notice: Raeshak went out into the
world to investigate, and was horrified at what he
saw. Everywhere he looked, elephants were being
killed\with guns, most often by Europeans and
their allies who cared only for the ivory, the el-
ephants carried. When he returned to the Grave-
yard, Raeshak beseeched Gaia to give him some
means to deal with these butchers. Gaia took pity
on theelephants once again, and restored Raeshak
to life. She also infused him with great power, so
that he might be strong enough to protect his herd
for as. long as he deemed it necessary. He took up
these duties more than.a century ago, and shows
no signs of slowing down. The recent attempts by
humans to understand elephants, as opposed to
simply shooting them, have mollified him to some
extent, and he is less likely'to attack them now

Chapter Four: Spirits of the Earth

5. "ania aaememenimeatiomeee" ae rene ra an NES

yf AT a PT EE EC et RE PTS EEE EO SOT ET IY,


|

than/he was 20 years ago. Only-time'will tell ifthac
happy citcumstance continues to hold true.

Note: Inmany ways; Raeshak is both a flesh-
borne spirit and.an animal host. His origins place
him firmly in the latter‘camp, but his motivations
and the process of his birth as@ Kami has morte in
common. with, that of aflesh*borne ‘spirit:His
classification is further complicated by the, fact
that he is perpetually tied to the Elephant Grave-
yard; making it possible.to view' him as an exten-
sionpof that-land; and this_yet another type. of
Kami. In the nd, it is probably simplest! to-con-
sider him\a unique individual;-and one that defies
attempts at easy classification.

Kami Type: Plant

Physical: Strength 15, Dexterity 1,Stamina 12
Social: Appearance 1, Manipulation 3, Charisma 4
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 3; Wits 4
Talents: Alertness5, Brawl 2)Empathy 4,Jntimi-
dation 2; Primal-Uge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 1, Survival/5
Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Medicine 3, Occult 4
Gnosis: 10; Willpower: 10
Powers: Animal Control, Animate Self, Com-
mand) the Earth, Curse of Gaia (desttoys/jinxes
technology), Heart Sense, InVulnerability (5),
Longevity.(5),/Lord of the Land, Mask Presence,
Plant Animation, Plant Kinship, Season's Bless-
ings (all), Silent Speech, Spirit Awakening) Spirit
Gifts (Beast Speech, Mother's, Touch), Spirit
Sense, Spirit Ties; Unnatural, Strength
Geasa: Whisper-Bound

Tmage: Sequoia is a huge'sequoia tree, rooted
in\Sequoia' National Forest in) Californiax Her
main) trunk; is, forty ‘feet in diameter, and her
branches are similarly massive, each the size of a
large tree in its own right, She is the largest' sequoia
treeon record, measuringsome 311 feet in height,
andishe is the very picture of.redwood majesty,

Roleplaying Hints: Sequoiadoesn'thave what
you would call'an active lifestyle. In fact, she hasn't
takenit upon herselfto make overt use of her power
for, well over a thousand years. Nevertheless, she
does haye a strong interest inithe world around her,
and she watches the people who come to see her
with both curiosity and'trepidation. Nothing sur-
prises her, and she knows het grove.can survive just
about anything the humans'care to throw,at them

86
_,

~ particularly since the trees are now protected by
human law. Still, thetime may come when she must
act» Though her main concem is her grove, she is
unusual among Kami in that her thinking on other
matters is quite liberal, and she is willing'to help
others if'doing so furthers the interests of Gaia.

* | History: Sequoia is‘old enough to make even
the Mokolé feel young. She is, infact, quite possibly
the oldest living thing on the planet. She had lived
for thousands of years when humans first came to
Californiay and now, ten thousand years later, she
has seen but'a fraction of her life go by. When the
humans came, she watched'them: Some trafficked
with the Wyrm, andthe Changers dealt with them.
Some were greedy and selfish, and they were swal-
lowed up iin the mists of time. Some, however, were
good and pure,' and) they are. the ones Sequoia
temembers. Today, she watches over the new hu-
thans that have come to herland, andshe makes her
preseficé felt ina multitude of ways. Most are subtle;
humans who feel her influence do not even recog-
nize the source of their good fortune. Even Garou
and Fera are a bit puzzled, but some know the truth.
Theyremain silent on the issue, however, for they
fealize, that Sequoia's power is greatest when she
can use it surreptitiously.

Fyath-Borne Spirblt

The most focused of the Kami, and certainly the most
unusual, are the so-called flesh-borne spirits. These are
spirits of various sorts, typically elementals (but occasion-
ally also Naturae), who are pressed into service by Gaia to
perform some function that ordinary Kami cannot ac-
complish for one reason or another. They are different
from most Kami in that their manifestation in the mate-
tial world is temporary; once they have accomplished the
task Gaia has set for them, they are free to return to the
Umbra, where they discorporate and go on about their
business. While most such tasks are fairly straightforward,
some can take quite a long time, resulting in the Kami
being in the physical world for many years.

Flesh-borne spirits are often capable of assuming
the form of a human, and do so to avoid unwanted
attention while they do their work. They do not associ-
ate with other spirits, Garou, humans, or anyone else if
they can avoid it. Rather, they are single-minded in
their obsession to do Gaia's work, since its completion
means they can return to the Umbra where they belong.

Despite the fact that these are perhaps the most
common of all Kami, they are nonetheless the types
with which Garou are least familiar. They are also the
sorts which are least likely to be encountered by Garou,

Possessed

nee iia.


RE as a ae

rs REPEATER FEY SRN Nn me

as Gaia acts through Her mortal children when possible,
and hence will only create the flesh-borne when Garou
and other Kami are not around to do Her work. Still, it
is possible that a flesh-borne's work will involve a Garou
for one reason or another, which means that Garou

much of itunless it appears. Itisnotpart of mythsand
legends, or even local histories; itis like a secret
everyone knows, and which ‘no one brings ‘up in
polite conversation. Some:Garou think the White

might realize they've met a Kami long after the fact.

Tbe White Woff ce Samentaf)
Kami Type: Flesh-borne spirit
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6
Social: Appearancé3, Manipulation3, Charisma 4
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge3,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Utge 5
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Stealth 4, Survival 5
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 4, Medi-
cine 1)Occult 2
Rage: 7; Gnosis: 8; Willpower: 9
Powers: Animal Control, Berserker, Curse' of
Gaia Garou'Kinship, Invulnetability, Longevity
(5), Lord of the Land; Piercing Gaze, Season's
Blessings (Winter), Spirit Gift (Beast Speech),
Spirit Kinship (ice elementals), Spirit Sense, Spirit
Ties, Step Sideways, Subtle Presence
Geasa: Silence

Image: Originally, the White Wolf was an ice
elemental. Since being bound\in the form, of a
wolf, however, it now roams the European Arctic
in the guise of a massive, pure white wolf. Unlike
normal wolves, however, the White Wolf has icy
blue eyes, and these betray its true'nature. It also
radiates an aura of menace, though this is mostly
for show; despite its great strength, the White
Wolf isn't prone to/acts of violence:

Roleplaying Hints: The White Wolf is a
fierce predator, but it tends to\avoid humans and
Garoualike when possible. No one knows what its
purpose is; Some, Garou speculate that it seeks to
protect the northern reaches of the world from
corruption by the Wyrm, while others wonder if it
isn't meant to)be a spirit guide for the Garou that
make their home here. Itis certainly true that both
the Silver Fangs and the Get of Fenris have.ben-
efited:from the Wolfs presence, even if neither
tribe is quite sure how. No matter its true mission,
however, the péople and supernatural entities of
the north give the White Wolf a wide berth, and
all do'as it commands whenever it deigns to speak.

History: The White" Wolf has always been in
the northerm reaches of Europe, though it has never
made its presence overtly known. People who live
within its territory know it is there, but donot think

Wolf isthe progenitor of the fabled Ice Pack, a house
of the Silver Fangs. Others think it might be the trae
anceston,of the Wendigo, who-once'lived in Asia
before they migrated to the New World. Still others
wonder if it might not be anlincarnation of Great
Fenris, totem of the Fenrir: No one knows. What
they: do know is that it is a manifestation of Gaia's
will; and one of the purest such manifestations inthe
world, ‘As such; it' carries with: it. an authority no
Garou could ever hope'to-match. There is but one
course'of action available to those who find them-
Selves,in the presence of this'great Kami: obedience:
Anything less invite's Gaia's wrath.

Iechak (Natorae)

Kami Type: Flesh-borne spirit
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina'6
Social:;Appearance 2, Manipulation 4, Charisma 2
Mental: Perception 8, Intelligence 4, Wits.4
Talents: Alertness 3; Athletics 4; Dodge 4, Ex-
pression) 2, Primal-Urge 2,/Subterfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken.2, Etiquette 1, Performance 3;
Stealth 4, Survival, 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Investigation 2, Linguis-
tics 5, Medicine 2, Oceult 3
Gnosis: 9; Willpower: 7
Powers: Command the Earth; Curse of Gaia, Great
Destiny*, Invulnerability, Mask Presence, Piercing
Gaze, Plant Animation, Skinshift, Spirit' Awaken-
ing, Spirit Gifts (Heightened, Senses, Song of the
Great Beast), SpiritSense, Spirit Ties, Step Sideways
*Great Destiny: Ipchak has an important purpose
to fulfill, and he receives some aid from Gaian
spirits whenever that purpose is in danger: Minor
miracles break out now and again whenever he is
inddifficulty. Owing to the imprecise nature of this
power, it isn't\ayailable for general' purchase.
Geasa: Question Ban

Image: Tpchak appears:to be a-frilled lizard.
Or, he appears to be an-Australian Aboriginal:
Mostly, he doesn't appearat all, But when he does
showup, there's always something wildand primi-
tive and mystical about him,a'secret power ho one
else Seems to understand: Mages fear him, Garou
are confused by him, and many of Australia's most
powerful places are sustained by him./He radiates
power, but no ones sure just. what, éxactly, hes.

Chapter Four: Spirits of the Earth 87

. ECE ee


eg a eR ae eee tee

PN caicraacreesroncaan arias asa anccainemnernnaaiseneiemeieinlll

Roleplaying Hints: Ipchak is an enigma. He isn't
the least bit interested in people, or Garou, or éven
other spirits. That very alienness makes him uinnery-
ing as hell to others, who don't know how,to.react to
him. Heisquite powerful, andknows it-He pursueshis
task with relentless fanaticism, and ignores allthatare
notdirectlyrelated to thattask. Whenthe Dreamtime
is threatened, however, he pursues those responsible
with extreme' prejudice. He isthe wrath and sorrow of
Gaia given form, and he is'not to be trifled with.

History: Ipchak has a very specific function in
modern Australia: torestore the Dreamtime. Though
heseems to be ancient, he has in fact only been in the
material world fora very short time. Before his tenure
asa flesh-bome spirit, Ipchak was a powerful spirit of
some type; a Jaggling'at least,.and perhaps‘even a
minorIncarna. The details arénotclear, since Ipchak
has not seen fit to speak to anyone about his duties.
He is making the Australian Garou nervous; how-
ever. They wonder if they shouldn't be heading back
to where they came from, and Ipchak seems to ‘be
quite content with that-state of affairs.

Fiytoan Platte

Though notas rare as animate lands, human hosts tend
to be fairly unusual for Kami. While animals have spirits
which are extensions of the Umbra, and are thus particu-
larly open to transformation by Gaia, humans have dis-
crete, independentsouls, which makes them more prone to
resist the notion of becoming tools of Gaia's will. As such,
She takes particular care in selecting Her human hosts, and
never forces them to do Her bidding against their will.

Humans chosen to serve Gaia are those who very
muchwanttoserve insome fashion. Itisnotimportant that
they wish to serve Gaia per se, or even recognize Her as we
do; service to God or some other ideal is perfectly accept-
able to Her, and most identify Gaia's will in whatever way
seems most familiar to them. This is to be expected; She
typically chooses human hosts because of their ability to
easily blend into human society, and it is thus important
that they identify and understand Her will inhuman terms.
Their desire to serve aside, however, human hosts tend to
be much more independent than most other types of Kami,
and hence are more likely than most to form attachments
to other supernatural beings. The presence of an indepen-
dent spirit within them makes them feel less "in tune" with
Gaia than other Kami, and they are thus the most likely to
put an independent spin on Gaia's instructions. They are
also the Kami most likely to travel through and inhabit
cities, though even they do so only rarely.

Most human hosts are capable of traveling to the
Umbra, and might conceivably meet Garou or Fera in

88
 _——

the process. They tend to remain in human form most
of the time, transforming only when they feel the need
to escape an unpleasant encounter or when it makes
interacting with other spirits a bit easier.

Tika

Kami Type: Human host
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Appearance 2, Manipulation 2, Charisma 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 4, Expression 1,
Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 5, Etiquette 1, Leadership 1
Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation' 1, Lin-
guistics 3, Medicine 3, Science 2
Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 6
Powers? Animal Control (bears and wolves), Aura
of Tranquility, Enchanting Voice, Heart' Sense,
Season's Blessings (Winter), Skinchanger \Kin-
ship (Garou), Spirit Gifts (Beast Speech, Mother's
Touch), Spirit Sense, Spirit Ties
Geasa: Question Ban

Image: Tikaisa pretty Inuit woman in hermid-
fortiessShe has acheerful disposition anda pleasant
demeanor, but strikes others ‘as a bit strange, and
very private: Still, she's usually eager to help others
when the opportunity arises, and she does hen part
to\help her community out when she can.

Roleplaying Hints:Tikasmilesalot. She'sfriendly,
helpful, and occasionally nosy, but she doesn't talk
about herself much. Strange people make hernervous,
but she identifies friend and foe with uncanny accu-
tacy, and her fiends trust her judgment implicitly.
Mainly, she just wants her community, tolbe safe and
happy. She doesn't care much about fighting the
Wyrm) (though she'll do whatever she can to keep it
out of her community), butshe'll help characters who
are interested in doing so. Polar bears like her. Wolves
like her too, butshe doesn't see them as much. They.
tell her what's going on in themon-human world, and
that's how she keeps up on what Gaia's up to.

History: Tika was born and raised in the suburbs
of Anchorage, Alaska, where she resides to thisday.
She grew up always wanting to help people, andGaia
decided to help her out in the regard when Tika took
a liking ‘to vetetinary medicine. She works as a
technician at a pet clinic, but winds up helping
people almost as much as animals. She's happy with
herlife, but feels at times like she'snot living up to her
potential. Because of this, she keeps an. eye out for
supernatural events, and does what she can to help
things along whenhit's within her power to do so:

Possessed

——— ee


Ngatibe
Kami Type: Human host
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity'3, Stamina 2
Social: Appearance 2, Manipulation 4, Charisma 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3) Wits 5
Talents: Empathy 2, Expression 4, Intimidation 2;
Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 3, Etiquette 2, Lead-
ership 3, Survival 2
Knowledges; Enigmas 2; Law 2, Linguistics: 3,
Medicine 3, Occult 4, Politics 3, Rituals 3
Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 6
Powers: Animal Control, Curse of Gaia, Heart
Sense; Piercing Gaze, Season's Blessings (Sum-
mer), Spirit Gifts (Beast Speech, Mother's Touch,
Thousand Forms), Spirit Sense, Spirit Ties
Geasa: Substance Ban (steel)

Image: Ngambe is an-old man, but he's still
fairly able, Though he serves as a witch doctor for
his tribe, you wouldn't know it by looking at him.
He dresses in Western clothes, and carries himself
with an air of distinction — which is understand-
able, given his education, He terids to frown a lot,
whether it's appropriate or not.

Roleplaying Hints: Ngambe is.a cranky old
man, and a fairly bitter onevat that. Alt he sees in

Chapter Four: Spirits of the Earth

ees sinha aa

his homeland is divisiveness and conflict, and it's
made him extremely cynical. Still, he knows his
purpose,vand will help others if it results in dead
vampires, a stymied drug trade, or most impor-
tantly aid to those that are victims/of the many
conflicts tearing Nigeria' apart.
History:Ngambe was born in Lagos, Nigeria
in 1923. After growing up under British colonial
tule, he was,educated-in Oxford, England, after
which he returned to his homeland to serve as a
spititual leader and, hopefully; a guide toward
unity and tolerance/ Gaia rewarded his efforts by
making him a Kami, enhancing his already signifi-
cant sphere of influence. Unfortunately, he found
that. his ability' to influence his people» wasn't
enough to overcome religious and economic diffi-
culties, and Nigeria remains\a nation divided.
Nowadays Ngambe is extremely bitter, but he still
does what he-can to help those in need, particu-
larly if they've been preyed upon by Leeches. He's
surprisingly open to working with others, and the
African Fera take advantage of this fact— on the
days they can stand to-be around him, that is.

Sa Bronnitione

Kami Type: Human host
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Appearance 2, Manipulation 2, Charisma 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Brawl 1, Empathy 4, Expression 3, Pri-
mal-Urge 1, Streetwise 1
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Crafts 3, Drive 1, Etiquette 2,
Performance 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Law 1, Linguistics 2,
Medicine 3
Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 4
Powers:Animal Control (reptiles); Aura of Tran-
quility, Command the Earth, Curse of Gaia, Heart
Sense, Peaceful Fighting, Spitit Gifts (Beast Speech,
Mother's Touch), Spirit Sense, Spirit Ties
Geasa: Truthspeaker

Image: Eva's a portly black woman in her mid-
fifties, who always graces others with a jovial laugh
and a teady' smile. She dresses simply, lives on a
shoestring, and has an upbeat, optimistic demeanor.
Everyone who knowsherlikesher, and all the ‘gators
and snakes of the bayou seem to like her as well.

Roleplaying Hints: Eva is a simple woman,
happy.to lend a hand to others when the need arises
ahd thoroughly content running a diner in a small

N

|


little cown in Louisiana. She smiles.a lot, is heavily
involved in-her community, and doesn't have pa-
tience for shifty or disingenuous sorts of people:
Characters who encounter her ¢an count on her for
help, but it'll rake some doing toget her to ralk about
something other'than great eats and local gossip.
History: Eva-was born'and raised in the'same
little shack-her' parents lived in, and seems quite
happy with this fact, She'dalways had an interest in
the people and animals of:the bayou, and Gaia
smiled upon her oné/day when she‘came actoss a
man who séemedneardeath and desperately needed
help the town wasn't equipped to give him. She
healed him with a touch (he was thankfully uncon-
scious at\the, time), and she's been helping people
and animals ever since. She's the chatty sort, and
nowadays has more interest. in talking about the
goings on in town than going offon some crusade,
butshe'lldo herpartto help outifthe characters can
convince her of the importance of their‘actions:

The Gepbhart Graveyard
Kami Type: Animate Land
Physical: Not Applicable
Social: Manipulation 3, Charisma 5
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents? Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 3
Skills: Animal Ken'5
Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Medicine 4, Occult 5
Gnosis: 8; Willpower: 8
Powers: The Elephant Graveyard is a pocket space
within the Umbra, muchilikea Bastet's Den- Realm
ora Gurahl's Umbral Glade, which can be accessed
from various points on Earth situated within terri-
tories occupied by elephants. The Gauntlet is ex-
tremely thin in these areas when elephants that are
near death enter the vicinity. Garou and Fera that
canistep sideways may cross over into the Graveyard
freely during this time. At all other times, the
graveyard isinaccessible, evento Garou.

The Graveyard has the following powers: Ani-
mal Control, Aura of Tranquility, Curse of Gaia
(expulsion); Heart Sense, Lord of the Land, Mask
Presence, Silent Speech, Subtle Presence,Season's
Blessings (Summer), Spitie Gifts (Beast Speech,
Mothet's Touch, Song of the Great Beast), Spirit
Ties, Step Sideways.

Shapeshifters that visit the Graveyard and
conduct themselves with respect for its inhabit-
ants find that they regain Gnosis there.at a phe-
nomenal rate. When such individuals leave the
graveyard, even /after a brief visit, their Gnosis ,
pools are fully restored.

Geaga: Gift Ban

Image: The Elephant Graveyard is a pristine
place, a valley set, between mountain heights that is
home to a bountiful lake, peaceful glens, and rich,
lush, grass. It is filled with the skeletal remains of
elephants, anditis easily the richestsource of ivory in
the world. Despite this fact, however, itisnonetheless
a peaceful place, one that fills visitors with a sense.of
awe at the power of Gaia's creatures, even in death.

Roleplaying Hints: The Graveyard only acts
to protect itself and those within from detection
by non-elephants, and defilement of ‘any' sort.
Those that have seen the Graveyard are forced to
wonder if it is truly sentient at all; it clearly acts in
the best interests of Gaia, but it seents to be ruled
by the spirits of great elephants, not acentral mind
as is typical in animate lands. In any event, the
Graveyard does all:it can to remainchidden from

Kami, as they are powered by the animals and trees that
live on them, and by the water that flows through them,
and by the air that nourishes them. They are often home
to humans living in the old ways, and sometimes even
shapechangers of various sorts, who protect the tradi-
tions that gave them life so many years ago. Everything
that lives in such a place is part of the Kami; every
animal, every plant, every drop of water and every stone
is awake, alive, and aware, and all act as one to defend
it from interlopers. These beings are not Kami them-
selves, as they return to their normal state when they
leave the confines of the consecrated lands. But they are
nonetheless instruments of the Kami's power, and un-
welcome intruders are subject to their wrath.
Animate lands are the rarest form of Kami, but they
are also the ones most recognizable to our people.
Examples of such places abound in the myths and
legends of most modern cultures, and some Garou feel it
is likely that many of the most pristine Umbral realms
began their life as animate lands of some sort. There are
so few leftnow, however, that no one can say for certain.

Awtwate Landt

Often, Gaia will select a place of wilderness and
imbue it with part of Her essence, giving it a life and
awareness far beyond that normally seen in its flora and
fauna. Such places are typically close to the cities of
men, but not yet corrupted by their foul touch. This
allows Gaia to empower the places most in need of
protection, leaving the rest of Her creation safe and
untouched by either human or divine forces.

Animate lands are the most powerful of Gaia's

90 Possessed


the eyes of the world, be they mundane or super-
natural, and it wrecks technology.and fouls super-
natural senses whenever intruders come near,

History: It's said that in the old days, when
humians wete primitive beasts and the Gatou, were
stillas one tribe, Gaia looked upon the elephantand
felt, pity, for its condition. These wise and noble
beasts, appreciated by humans only for their.tusks
and meat, exhibitéd.a fierce devotion to their friends
and family, and they performed the tasks Gaiahadset
for them admirably. Theirultimate reward for such
dedication; however, was to be' picked apart ‘by
scavengers in death, or to be killed by humans in life.
Gaia felt. sympathy for the poor beasts, ‘and so.She
enchanted a portion of their lands such that it was
permanently tied to the Umbra. This became a place
to which elephants might"come) to die in peace,
among their ancestors, unmolested by the Claws and
teeth of the mortal world.

The Elephant Graveyard has never been found
by mortalman, because it isnot any one particular
place — rather, jt is an idea, one that is known
only to elephants andaselect few other supernatu-
tal beings. Elephants may enter the Graveyard
from anywhere on Earth) butonly choose to do so
when they arevalone (or rather, when they think
they ate alone) or with other elephants. Humans
always assume an elephant that has disappeared
has merely been consumed by scavengers,and
dismiss stories of the graveyard as mere myth.

Those that know of the graveyard wonder if
thereis nota similar placé within the world's oceans,
set aside for whales of various sorts. No evidenceof
such a)place has been uncovered, but‘who can say?
Anything is possible.

Vihazank0.

Kami Type: Animate Land

Physical: Not applicable

Social: Manipulation 6, Charisma 4

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Empathy 2, Intimidation 4,
Primal-Urge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Medicine 3, Occult 5
Gnosis: 7; Willpower: 9

Powers: Animal Control, Auraof Pranquility, om-
mand the Earth, Curse of Gaia, Heart Sense, Lord of
the Land, Mother's Touch,- Piercing Gaze, Plant
Animation, Plant Kinship, Spirit Awakening, Spirit

a Hin ELSE

Sense, Season's Blessings (all), Spirit Gifts (Beast
Speech, Mother's Touch, Song of the Great Beast);
Spirit Kinship, Spirit Ties

Geaéga: Healer

Tmage: Hazanko isa majestic mountain range,
covered with bamboo thickets and teeming with
animal life.'Streams run through ‘him, ‘the air is
sweet and pure, \and the grasses soft and green.
Wyldling- spirits. congrégate here, and nothing
ever seems to die, + or, if.it does, it is\ simply
transformed.instead. The.presence of Gaia can be
feltall around, andthe Gatintlet is so thin that the
Umbra and the réal world.seem to fully intermesh.

Roleplaying Hints: Hazanko is interested in
one thing, and one thing only— protecting him-
self and the life which lives on him. He is one of
the purest manifestations of Gaia's beauty and will
on Earthyand that must be»protected at all costs.
Garou are irrelevant. The Wyrmis irrelevant: All
that matters is protecting Gaia's beauty, and he
couldn't care less about anything else,

History: Hazanko is the last of the great Kami
that once dotted'the Earth, serving as examples of
the beauty and power of Gaia's presence on Earth:
As humans spread and developed the land, they
transformed this beauty ititofarmland, cities, and
other, less savory things. Hazanko was spared this
fate; however, since he could cloak his presence
from human eyes and was-temote enough'that no
one noticed the oddities in their maps. Now,he is
a, place of magic) and wonder, for those ducky
enough to find him. He worries about the increas-
ingly rapid development of Japan, and. wonders
how jhe' can survive as humanity continues to
progress. Time waits for'no one, it seems, and he
may soon be forced to:prevail'upon Gaia to trans-
port him to the Umbra for'safe keeping.

Tbe aktag of a Beatt

With some idea in mind about what Kami are, it is
now possible to speak in some detail about how they
come to be. The process of building a better Kami, as it
were, is not trivial, and it is instructive to learn a bit
about how Gaia chooses Her hosts, why they are se-
lected, and what being host to a Kami means for them.

(¢ Oe) Nature Sifecton

Before Gaiacan make a Kami, She must first select
a suitable host. This is no doubt an exacting and time
consuming process, but research suggests that poten-
tial hosts must meet three general criteria:

Chapter Four: Spirits of the Earth 91

ss gnats

eee Si

|

¢ Health: To serve as a host for a Kami, an item
must be in the peak of health. For living hosts, this
means they must be free of disease and the debilitating
effects of age. For spirits, they must be free of corrup-
tion. For lands, they must be of pristine quality, unde-
veloped by humans and untouched by Wyrm toxins.
Note that this isa general rule of thumb, nothing more.
Gaia can presumably make a Kami out of any host She
cares to, but in practice She almost always chooses the
fittest individuals as vessels of Her power, so that they
have a better chance of surviving to use it.

¢ Willingness: While it is true that non-humans
do not have independent souls, this does not mean
plants, animals, and lands are simple extensions of
Gaia's will. They are discrete entities, and they have
lives and thoughts and feelings, even if these things are
simplistic by our standards. While most would con-
sider it an honor to become a Kami, others might be
frightened at the responsibility it entails. Hence, Gaia
usually seeks their permission before infusing them
with Her power. In the case of humans, and indeed
flesh-borne spirits, Gaia asks them directly, in what-
ever venue is easiest for the potential host to under-
stand. Of course, Gaia would almost certainly override
a host's desires when the situation is dire; in such a
case, She would make the host a Kami whether he likes
it or not. But such instances of forced transformation
are only legend, and rare even in such a form.

* Utility: Perhaps the most importantcriterion of all
for Gaia is the issue of the host's ability to effect Her will
onthe world. Ifahost is not ina position to influence local
events in its area, Gaia will not waste Her power by
transforming it. This means the process of creating Kami
is often reactionary; Gaiamakes them in response tosome
difficulty in a region, rather than because She feels like it
on any given Sunday. The upshot of this is that Kami, all
Kami, exist for some specific purpose, though that pur-
pose may be broad or narrow in scope.

Anukertog

The actual methods used in awakening a Kami are
easily as diverse as are Kami themselves. An insect Kami,
for example, might go through a molt or chrysalis to
transform itself, while a snake or lizard might simply shed
its skin. A human will likely undertake a spiritual journey
of some sort, while a tree might simply blossom come
spring. Regardless of the specifics of the process, however,
all awakenings should involve a transformation of some
sort commensurate with the host's type and way of life.

The location chosen for the metamorphosis is as
important and relevant as the type of change the host
undertakes. Some creatures can simply go dormant and/
orhibernate fora time; many animal Kami transform via
some variation on this theme. However, some animals

and/or places cannot afford any interruptions whatso-
ever, and these might be given over to other agents of
Gaia for special care while the host transforms.
Shapeshifters, for example, might be enlisted for this
task, or spirits might simply move the creature or place
toan isolated region of the Umbra. The specifics are not
terribly important, and vary tremendously from host to
host. What is important is the fact that a change does
indeed occur, and the fact that some period of time
needs to pass before the change can take place.

In all cases, the host is thoroughly aware of what is
happening to it, at least in general terms. It knows that
it is transforming, and that it is doing this for the greater
good of Gaia, even if it isn't quite clear on the details. For
some, their spirits are simply being enriched, and they
welcome the change. For others, the changes involved
are more fundamental, and they are worried or fright-
ened at the changes being wrought in them. Gaia does
little to reassure them throughout the process. She is
concerned for their welfare, and is careful to verify that
they are indeed willing hosts, but the actual process is
something which even Gaia cannot fully predict in
advance, and so the host must simply have faith and
endure the forces that work to reforge its destiny.

Joferference

Despite precautions taken to the contrary,
agents of the Wyrm (or, sadly, humans) do occa-
sionally interfere with the host's transformation
process. When this occurs, the host stands a good
chance of dying outright, as Gaia's energies run
through him unchecked and he has no way. to
channel them properly. Ifthe host is aliving being
and makes a successful Willpower roll (at +2
difficulty), it simply returns to‘its natural state,
drained but otherwise intact. If it fails this roll, it
dies outright as those mangling the transforma-
tion process corrupt Gaia's will.

In the case of animate lands, if the transforma-
tion process is interrupted they either return to
their normal state or theywither and die (Story-
teller discretion). It is more likely that they will
simply return to their normal state, but it is none-
theless possible that Gaia's ties to the land will be
permanently severed, destroying it utterly.

Whether the host survives or not, it isunsuit-
able for use as a host for at least a year (possibly
adjusted based on the lifespan of the host; again,
Storyteller discretion). Ifthe host remains suitable
and willing, Gaia might try to'transform the host
again the following year.

92 Possessed

Cidlat Power Rewedled

Given their independence and skittishness around
creatures like Garou, it might seem difficult to imagine
how the shifter races might come into contact with a
Kami, much less form strong associations with it. And
yet, this is exactly what happens in some of the greatest
myths and legends of our time. It has happened before;
it may happen again. Please, do not forget the Kami.
They are the living proof that Gaia has not yet fallen,
that there is still a chance for us to win.

— Tara Somersby

Riwwlag a Xa

It is of course true that all Kami are unique beings,
and that few rules can be said to.apply to them all. That
said, however, it is nonetheless typically the
Kami exist in the world for vety épecifisstoaban.arekde
is those reasons which will inevitably bring them into
association with (and possibly conflict with) the Garou.
No one is prepared to speculate on what the original
functions of Kami might have been, but in thehet
now, with Gaia in the sorry state that She is, most K;
function as protectors of some sort! What they protect,
and how they go about doing(it, depends on the Kami.

Typically, Kami aygid contact with the outside
world. They have théir duties, and they take them
seriously; all else is uhimportant to them. Life is compli-
cated, however, and the situation will inevitably arise in
which the Kamiifinds itself forced to work with allies to
accomplish its goals. Some Kami are potentially well-
suited to this task. Others will send a Storytellern
for the hills at the very mention of the concept. How.
when to incorporate a Kami into one's game, particu!
as a player character, is entirely up to the Storyteller, but
here's some extra advice to help the process along.

Ate hatft

Animal hosts tend to protect groups of individuals, be
they animals or people. They are primarily sages and
guardians, and are rarely proactive in their efforts. As long
as they are left to their own devices, they will cause no
harm and avoid interfering with the grander designs of the
humans and the Garou who live around them. This
changes dramatically, however, when some agency threat-
ens their charges. The Kami rarely reacts to such intru-
sions violently, but he will do his level best to force the
intruders out, either via granted powers or some means of
intimidation. In these situations, getting intruders to
leave isthe key —the Kamiwill only fight under the direst
of circumstances. This is typically because the Kami is no
match for most supernatural entities, or even for most
humans in a physical fight . All they can do is bluff their
way out ofa fight, so they'll tend to avoid them if possible.

ofagood

Individuals that invade the Kami's territory but do
not seem threatening might arouse the spirit's curiosity.
Gaia thrives on change, and Her offspring are no differ-
ent. Sometimes, a wise individual can help the Kami,
usually by helping the animals or people he protects. If he
is approached with care, the Kami usually looks for some
way to come to an understanding of sorts with those that
cross paths with him. Those seeking to find a Kami,
however, had best be endowed with prodigious amounts
of patience —avoidance is the Kami's first reaction to any
situation, and it will take time to earn the being's trust.

Animal Kami make fine characters for player
control, but only if handled with some care. Players
and Storytellers alike must remember that animal
hosts are, for all/their enhanced intelligence and
awareness, still fundamentally animals. A lizard's idea
rin the sun and eating bugs, and
he doesn't care much for human pursuits. He just won't
fit into human soeiety very well, and will stick out
when the group ventures into a city (even if using the
spower). Garou are even worse: all their
id challenges and talk of honor and glory and
ch will scare the hell outof him, even if he's used to
a more. supernatural take on the world. Animal hosts
are filled with potential as supporting cast, but players
should approach them with an eye toward detail anda
willingness to celebrate their animal nature.

aot Pathe

Unlike animal hosts, to which they are otherwise
similar, plant Kami cannotrun#rom their enemies. They

are.typically harged with guarding a grove of trees, or a
‘stretch:

land which is too small (or too large) to be
effectively made into an animate land. Plant Kami often
act through human or animal agents, most of whom are
unaware of the true agendas they serve. The druids of the
Britons, for example, are a good example of a people who
might have been associated with a Kami of some sort;
their designs and motivations were certainly their own,
but it's certainly possible that one or more Kami had some
influence on their faith and beliefs.

Making contact with a plant Kami might seem
easier than with an animal one, but this is actually not
the case. While aplant Kami cannot run away from her
foes, she can choose to remain still, and simply "be a
tree," as it were. A plant is the most patient of all Kami,
and she will not speak to those she deems unworthy.
Indeed, unless she wills it to be so it is nigh impossible
to even determine whether or not a tree is a Kami.

Plant Kami can't move without the Animate Self
power, which makes them particularly tricky prospects
for players, at least in a long-term chronicle. An
animated willow tree — or even rosebush — isn't
going to be able to participate in most of the activities

Chapter Four: Spirits of the Earth 93

i erecta


TEE LS CE

astandard werewolf pack takes for granted. Plant Kami
may be better off in the Storyteller's hands, making the
occasional Birnham Wood-esque cameo to great effect
— unless a player has a really great idea.
Fjath-Borne Sptehe

Of all of Gaia's Kami, those who are flesh-borne
hosts are among the most violent. These Kami have a
specific function to fulfill, and they are ruthless about
achieving it. These are the Kami most likely to fight
the corrupting forces of humans or the Wyrm directly,
and it is in this capacity that they might come into
contact with Garou or other sympathetic supernatural
beings. However, they are as independent as any other
Kami, and so will not necessarily become allies with
those who share a common enemy with them.

Though they fight their foesditectly, flesh-borne
spirits are not crusaders by any means. It is impossible
to sidetrack them from their primary mission, meaning
that associations between them and Garou are inevi-
tably be brief affairs at best. Still, they are among the
most approachable of the Kami, and willinglysmake

alliances if it helps them further their goal§j and in the

process hasten their return to the Wimbra.

A flesh-borne Kami is a.yiable player choice for a
single story, but likely not fof'an extended chronicle. The
Storyteller must remember that these Kami are notori-
ously single-minded, and have no desire to remain in the
material world for aflylonger than is absolutely necessary.
Thus, if the othet characters have a single goal for the
story, which exactly (or perhaps even loosely) coincides
with the goals of the Kami, a short-term association is
possible. The other characters hadibest be careful not to
get in the Kami's way, however; while not excessively
violent by nature, these spirits have no compunctions
against abandoning or even outright attacking any that
stand in their way. Mother Nature can be a bitch, and
these Kami demonstrate that fact quite clearly.

Hyrean Pathe

Human hosts are at the same time the most and
least accessible of the Kami. They are easier to approach
than most, due to the fact that they still have a reason-
ably human perspective on the world, and hence have
values and goals that are similar to those of most of the
people that would want to associate with them. The flip
side of being human, however, is the fact that they know
how to blend into society as well as anyone, and as a
result are maddeningly difficult to track down. A human
Kami can be anyone, and doesn't necessarily manifest
spooky powers or other unusual traits to tip searchers off

to their presence. And since they're Kami, and thus less
inclined to associate with supernatural types anyway,
they often don't want to be found.

This reclusiveness makes them very good at their
appointed tasks, which tend to involve healing Gaia from
within. No matter how far they have fallen from Her
graces, human beings are still a part of Her, and it falls to
the Kami to help restore the rift that has grown between
Gaia and Her wayward children. Sometimes, this is as
simple in restoring peoples' faith in themselves; other
times, it involves acts of sacrifice to show the spirits of the
world that humans are willing and able to give of them-
selves for others. No matter whether they are large or
small, though, the acts are always things of wonder.

Human Kami are open to helping Garou and others
of Gaia's children, but they are always cautious. Humans
don't trust easily, and the sameistrue of Kami with human
hosts. They are, however, reasonably open to discussion
on issues of some import, and they don't tend to play the
games that animal and land-based Kami do. One does not
have'tovbe patient to gain the aid of a human Kami; he
simply has to show that his motives are pure and that his
actions will help others. The,rest is negotiable.

As might be expected, human Kami are the ones
most likely to function well with a party of werewolf
characters, provided they can be found and convinced
to join up. They aren't likely to sign on for extended
military campaigns against Pentex, but they might
easily be willing to heal or protect the victims of that
corporation's activities. Similarly, Garou that focus on
healing insteadyof war (the Children of Gaia, for
ifstance) might conceivably have much in common
with these Kami. However, the Storyteller must use
caution in introducing the Kami in this fashion, for
there will always be a temptation to portray him as a
bleeding heart with no brain in his head. Human hosts
are interested in healing, yes, but they aren't radical,
left-wing hippie nuts. Just as the Children of Gaia are
more than a bunch of pot-smoking, peace-loving beat-
niks, so also are the human-borne Kami.

Atwate Lavdt

For places that don't move around much, at least by
human standards, animate lands can be really hard to
track down. This is not so much because they like to
hide, however, as the fact that they're not inclined todo
anything. Their sole purpose in life is to keep themselves
pure, and that means they don't act unless they need to
defend themselves. A rock is just a rock until it reaches
outand smacks you, but ifit never does that how will you
know it was ever anything other than a rock?

94 Possessed

ee

a


Garou are only likely to learn of animate lands by
sheer happenstance; rumors of their existence may
abound, but no one ever knows where they are. That's
part of their mystique, it seems. But then, that's the
entire point; to remain pristine, they must remain apart
from the world, and that means keeping away from
prying eyes. But what happens when they are
discovered? Once the Garou learn what they've
discovered, their lives become much more com-
plicated: now they must protect this land, andkeep
its location secret at all costs. Few are up to the
challenge involved, but who would be so crass
as to shirk the duty to protect Gaia's most
sacred lands?

Some animate lands have other
supernatural entities as primary pro-
tectors. The Gurahl seem to be
especially adroit at landing in the

middle of such responsibilities, and sometimes even
other Kami are recruited to help keep the land safe.
The situations thus created are complicated, to say
the least.

Like plant-borne Kami, animate
lands have little to offer most play-
ers. They aren't the types to get
involved with other peoples' causes,
and hence are even less likely to
have any interest whatso-

ever in what the otherchar-

acters are doing. Ridding

> the world of evil is work for
others of Gaia's children.
Animate lands just want
to be left alone, so they
can do their thing in
peace.



So you're interested in swapping your soul for
power, eh? You don't mind the concept of letting an
alien spirit into your body to take up permanent
residence, coaxing you to take whatever actions suit its
arcane agenda? You're fine with the idea of your body
being twisted away from its natural state, reconfigured
into a fleshly tool for the strange new tenant in the
back of your mind?

Or you're actually kind of freaked out by the
prospect, but would like to roleplay it anyway? No
problem. We've got you covered.

This chapter provides all of the necessary informa-
tion to create Kami, gorgons, Drones, or fomori, either
as characters for players or as allies or antagonists for
the troupe's pack. Included here are rules for Au-
tonomy, several new Backgrounds, and Merits and
Flaws appropriate for "possessed" characters, should
the Storyteller decide to allow them. This is a very
important caveat — Kami and gorgons don't fit
seamlessly into most Werewolf games, and fomori and
Drones are an entirely different kettle of fish. If a
possessed character wouldn't fit, the Storyteller is well
within his rights to disallow it.

Remember, a possessed character is a roleplaying
challenge not only for yourself, but also for your

Storyteller. No other character has quite the same
trouble of being pseudo-subservient to a spirit host;
even Kami have a bit less free will as we understand it.
The Storyteller has to devote an extra touch of atten-
tion to your character to properly convey what it is to
be one of the spirit-flesh gestalts; be understanding of
that, and you'll be doing him a real favor.

Also note that not all possessed are created equal!
The Storyteller is well within her rights to create
possessed antagonists that aren't balanced within these
tules, for whatever reason; the possessing entities aren't
always equal in power level, and they don't see the
need to play fair. These rules are here to offer a
framework for characters roughly balanced with one
another for players' use, not to define the way that all
possessed work. (And, we might add, these rules aren't
designed to make possessed characters balanced with
Garou. Gaia's Warriors have outclassed the greater
part of fomori and their ilk since the beginning, and
that's nothing we intend to "rectify.")

Finally, remember that even in the modern world,
most possessed are quite rare. Fomori are the most
common, and perhaps the easiest to accommodate in
large groups. All the others are rare enough that they act
fairly independently; there aren't enough Kami to go

me na ne es rere re ran yy

Chapter Five: Clothed in Flesh 97


Secrecy reer remsse arenas)

around that risking two or more in the same place at the
same time is a good idea. When using the possessed,
keep in mind just how special and strange most of them
are; the game will have a lot more impact that way.

Oaracter Creafion

Creating a possessed character works much like
creating a werewolf character. The chart in the sidebar
gives a quick rundown of the process.

Set: One — Concopp
Who is the possessed character? Who was she
before she was inhabited by a spirit? How much of her

baracter Cheatton Chart

* Step One: Character Concept

Choose'concept, Nature'and Demeanor (op-
tional), type (fomor, Drone, Kami, or gorgon).
* Step Two: Select Attributes

Prioritize Physical, ‘Social, and Mental At-
tributes (6/4/3).. =
* Step, Three: Select Abilities

Prioritize Talents, Skills, and Knowledges (11/7/4).
© Step Four: Select Advantages

Choose Backgrounds(5 dots) and Powers (5
points free, any orhers must be purchasedeither by
taking Taints or. by lowering Autonomy):
© Step Five: Finishing Touches | |

Record Willpower (3), permanent Autonomy
(9+ any used to purchase powers), and temporary
Autonomy (10 + any used to ‘purchase powers).

Spend freebie points (21) and choose Merits
and Flaws (optional), Kami must choose ageas.

Suckgrownat

The following Backgrounds are available to
the possessed;

* Allies: Friends who will,come to your aid.

© Consé¢crated: Yoursoul has been dedicated
to a\powerful spirit.

* Contacts: Sources of information at your
disposal.

* Cult: Mortal followers who do your bidding.

® Fetish/Equipment: A mystical item grantedto
you bya patron, or perhaps your superiors at' Pentex.

* Mentor::A more powerful possessed being,
or perhaps even a spirit; that guides you,

* Resources: Your monetary assets.

® Symbiosis: Your. ability to call onthe spirit
inside you for information.

former self remains? This is the stage of character
creation that you determine what kind of character you
are making: fomor, Drone, gorgon, or Kami. Most likely,
the Storyteller will make this decision for you — while
a Kami might easily mix with a pack of Garou, a fomor
probably shouldn't. If you are using the optional Nature
and Demeanor rules from the Werewolf Players Guide,
you should choose these Traits at this stage as well.

Sep Tivo —Attellufar

Standard rules; prioritize Physical, Social, and
Mental Attributes. You get 6 points to divide up in the
primary group, 4 in the secondary, and 3 in the tertiary
(not counting the one automatic dot all characters
have in each Attribute).

Sep Three —Aliibiat

Again, this step is much like the system in
Werewolf. Prioritize Talents, Skills, and Knowledges.
You get 11 points in your primary group, 7 in the
secondary, 4 in the tertiary. Remember that you can
only buy an Ability up to three dots at this stage; scores
of 4 or 5 require the use of freebie points (and probably
an explanation to the Storyteller).

Sep Four —Adttarsagar

You get 5 points in Backgrounds; the new Back-
grounds are described below.

Allcharacters get 5 free points in Powers. You may
purchase additional Powers for the character by taking
an equal number of points in Taints (Drones are
excluded from this; they don't have Taints) or by
spending Autonomy (Kami are excluded from this, as
they do not possess the Autonomy Trait).

Set Five — Fioktbtag Touche

Possessed characters begin with 3 Willpower, 9
permanent and 10 temporary Autonomy (minus any
that has been used to purchase Powers). You may spend
21 freebies on the character; freebie point costs are the
same for possessed characters as they are for werewolves
(although possessed characters may only buy Rage and
Gnosis if they have the appropriate Power, and may not
buy Gifts). Kami must choosg a geas.

Attancerncnf

Possessed characters may gain and spend experi-
ence points as usual, using the same costs listed on page
181 of Werewolf.

Powers and Taints, however, aren't bought with
experience points. A possessed character can develop
new powers at any time, subject to Storyteller discre-
tion, of course. The impetus for a new power might be
exposure to a powerful source of spiritual energy, appro-
priate to the type of spirit inhabiting the character, of

98 Possessed

——

ene _.


i=

course. A fomori might develop new powers after sur-
viving exposure to Balefire, whereas a Kami might
develop new powers while attending a moot at a power-
ful caern. Or, perhaps the tenant spirit simply decides
the character needs an "upgrade" of sorts. Likewise, the
character might make a request of the spirit directly.

In any event, any powers the character develops
must be immediately balanced with Taints, or by
losing Autonomy. This is handled exactly the same
way as during character creation, except that if a
character asks a spirit for power directly, the spirit will
very likely only accept a loss of Autonomy in return.

Drones are an exception as far as advancement
goes. They may not spend experience on Traits, and
advance only at the discretion of their superiors, who
bring them in for reweaving as necessary. See Chapter
Two for more details.

Oputyedl Platht
Qeylng Aulmat

Gorgon hosts are never human, and Gaian spirits
choose animals or plants as often as not. So how does
this affect Traits?

The Storyteller should give it her best guess. Some
animals might have above-human Attributes (a lion
might end up with a Strength of 6, for example), while
others might not even merit one dot (the strongest
housecat is still weaker than any healthy human).
Consider all characters to have the obligatory first dot
in all Attributes, but perhaps allow players to raise the
scores above 5, when appropriate. You might also
allow such characters to have a "pool" of 13 Attribute
points to work with, rather than making them priori-
tize them into the three groups (after all, the lion might
well have Social Attributes of 1, but very high Strength,
Dexterity, and Stamina scores). The animal Traits
listed in the Werewolf Storytellers Companion should
give the Storyteller a place to begin.

If the spirit chooses an inanimate object ora plant
as its host, the Storyteller has a different sort of
problem altogether. Since the host is obviously changed
to a large degree simply by gaining self-awareness, all
bets are officially off when it comes to Traits. Use the
Feat of Strength chart on page 197 of Werewolf to get
an idea of how strong the host should be, and give it a
best guess for the other Attributes (which aren't as
easily quantifiable). A host might turn out to be
stronger, smarter, faster, or tougher than it might look
because of the spirit's influence, and that's fine, too.
Animating typically inanimate objects is the purview
of the Wyld, and we all know there's no "one way" to
do anything when the Wyld's involved, right?

_.. SEE

Sxogenstia © Fjuth- Borne

Some gorgons and Kami don't possess actual host
bodies; their bodies are created for them, right out of
the rawest matter at hand. Soil and leaves and dust and
water all coalesce into a body of roughly human or
animal proportion, a strange amalgam given life.

Ifthe Storyteller allows exogenetic gorgons or flesh-
borne Kami as possible player characters, the simplest
thing to assume is that they work roughly like any other
character; they have the same distribution of Attributes
and Abilities, and all that. They suffer health levels as
usual, they have to "eat" (basically, taking compatible
material into themselves to recharge their "batteries"),
and so on. Of course, such characters will probably need
to purchase a power like Skinshift to make them able to
function in, well, any society at all.

New Trt

Fomori, Drones, and gorgons possess a trait called
Autonomy, and all possessed characters have access to
new Backgrounds, Merits and Flaws.

Aufonomy

"Ttisn' tso difficult, acquiescence. Youjust...give...in."

— Calhoun, Ravenous

When a Triatic spirit enters a living being, part of
that being's nature is subsumed by the spirit and forev-
ermore strives towards the spirit's agenda (and, by
extension, the appropriate member of the Triat). The
character's Autonomy score represents how much free
will the host maintains. A character has a permanent
and temporary Autonomy rating, but unlike Willpower,
the temporary Autonomy rating can exceed the perma-
nent rating. Characters begin with a permanent Au-
tonomy rating of nine anda temporary rating of ten; this
is as independent as a possessed character can be.

Only Drones, fomori, and some gorgons have
Autonomy ratings. Kami, being inhabited by Gaian
spirits, are not as driven towards a particular goal and
therefore retain a comfortable level of independence.
Gorgons using inanimate objects as their hosts like-
wise do not have Autonomy ratings (as their hosts
don't have agendas or desires of their own). Animal
Gorgons do, however, since their instincts may con-
flict with what the Wyld-spirit would have them do.
4atlng Aufonomy

Hosts can choose to give up their free will in
exchange for power. In game terms, this means that as
a character gains more powers, her Autonomy rating
drops. Gorgons and fomori may choose to take Taints
instead of renouncing their Autonomy (in the case of
fomori, the Bane reshapes the host's body as it sees fit;

Chapter Five: Clothed in Flesh 99

tiie

en


Serre rns arene anaesne aren mar san ss mennrenansearesah))

in the case of gorgons, the Wyld energies change the
host's physical form). Drones may not purchase Taints
— the Weaver does not allow such deviance. Only by
renouncing Autonomy may a Drone grow stronger.

Likewise, fomori may sacrifice Autonomy to "buy
off' Taints. As kind of a Faustian deal with the Bane
inside her, a fomor may entice the Wyrm-spirit to put
her body back the way it was by giving up her free will.

In game terms, losing Autonomy works like this:
For every point of Powers the character purchases, she
loses two temporary points of Autonomy. This means
that 5 "power points" costs one permanent dot of
Autonomy. For example, if a gorgon with 7 permanent
and 8 temporary Autonomy wished to raise her Stamina
by one dot viathe Enhanced Attribute power, she would
need to sacrifice six points of temporary Autonomy
(bringing her to 2 temporary points). If she only had 3
temporary points, she would lose those three points,
drop to 6 permanent and 10 temporary Autonomy, and
then lose 3 additional temporary points.

Buying off Taints works the same way; every two
points of temporary Autonomy lost relieve the fomor
of one point of Taints.

Regatolag Autonomy

Once the slide towards complete submission has
begun, it is nearly impossible to reverse. If the Story-
teller allows, however, players may choose to take on
Taints in order to regain Autonomy, in much the same
way the player may "spend" Autonomy to purchase
powers. This "backsliding" should generally only be
available to fomori.

For example: A fomor with only one permanent
dot of Autonomy remaining rebels and asserts control
of himself again. The Bane possessing him punishes
him by warping his body's temperature control (the
Inner Volcano taint). The fomor gains a second dot of
Autonomy, but has a new problem to show for it....

The Storyteller may also rule that possessed char-
acters may purchase Autonomy with experience points.
If so, the cost is (current permanent rating x 8).

Please note that allowing characters to regain lost
Autonomy is entirely optional, and in fact goes against
the theme of possession — once the choice has been
made to sacrifice free will for power, perhaps there
should be no turning back.

The Cfo of Leung Autonomy

Autonomy sounds innocuous enough at first glance
— it is simply a measure of how much the spirit's
agenda has filtered down into the host's mind. So what
stops a player (or a Storyteller, for that matter) from
creating a fomor character with no Taints, a perma-
nent Autonomy of 1, and 45 points in Powers?

Se oe
a SO a

: : ean: po
anc i $. "if the, Storyteller
‘all Neca ' ¢an also' va new Taints to
SAN ies Ly ere, ,

nay ‘not, h ohomy torldse
‘ae their 7; ae nan

rather

Well, nothing, technically. However, before you
start erasing Autonomy dots willy-nilly, you may want
to read this section.

Autonomy is not really a measure of independent
action. A possessed character already acts with his
tenant's overall agenda in mind — that's just a fact of
possession. What changes as Autonomy drops is the
potential for independent thought and action. As a
host's Autonomy drops, he becomes incapable of think-
ing for himself — all of his thoughts and actions are
filtered through the spirit inside him. This isn't always
apitched internal struggle, either. A Drone might find
that the Weaver-spirit's agenda is more efficient and
sensible, and begin following its lead in all facets of his
life. A fomor might grow addicted to the violent acts
the Bane urges her to commit and willingly give up her
last few moral scruples to be able to perform such acts
with more skill. In any case, as Autonomy drops, the
character's thoughts and desires grow "in tune" with
the spirit's, and the character becomes less human and
more a simple pawn of one of the Triat. And the spirits
in service to the Triat, as has probably become obvious
by reading the chapters on fomori, Drones, and gorgons,
are quite alien in their outlook.

A lust-Bane, for example, feels lust — and that's
about all. It may have a desire for survival, but survival
for a spirit means something very different than sur-
vival fora human being. Spirits, for example, don't eat.
A fomor possessed by said lust-Bane, therefore, finds
himself unable to do anything except act on the Bane's
impulses as his Autonomy drops. The human begins to
feel lust in any situation, no matter how inappropriate
— anything that takes a step towards him becomes a
possible focus for his lust. He may not feel hungry
anymore — or if he does, the odd sensations from his
stomach only serve to arouse him. A character with a

100 Possessed

penne

—


low Autonomy is more a spirit with a body than a
human possessed by a spirit.

A character with a high Autonomy rating, on the
other hand, is still true to herself as a human being (or
whatever she was before being possessed). She will
keep most of the same foibles and follow the same sorts
of agendas. Of course, everything she does and says is
now filtered through the spirit inside her (which is why
Autonomy tends to drop quickly). The character can
still assert herself, still take actions that are meaningful
to her personally (and not necessarily to the spirit).
However, doing so isan effort, and that effort becomes
more difficult as Autonomy drops.

In game terms, every time a fomor, Drone, or
gorgon wishes to spend Willpower on a roll to gain an
automatic success, she must roll her Autonomy rating.
The difficulty varies based on how far off the goals of
the spirit the action is. For example, if the above-
mentioned fomor possessed by a lust-Bane spends
Willpower on a Subterfuge roll meant to seduce some-
one, the difficulty should only be 4 (as seduction is in
tune with the Bane's desires). If that same fomor
attempts to spend Willpower on a roll in combat, the
difficulty should be 7 or so, since the Bane couldn't
care less about fighting; if it's a roll meant to harm a
creature the lust-Bane is attracted to, the difficulty
might rise to 9. Spirits are very shortsighted — if the
action has no immediate value to the spirit, the Story-
teller should call for the roll. The automatic success
tule (Werewolf, pages 172-173) applies to this roll —
if the character's permanent Autonomy is higher than
the difficulty, the player need not make the roll.

Also, the character's will is intrinsically tied to her
Autonomy. The character's permanent Willpower
score may not be higher than her permanent Au-
tonomy. And since raising permanent Autonomy is a
difficult (or impossible) proposition, Autonomy very
rapidly becomes the "cap" for a character's strength of
will — a good reason to maintain it! If the character
loses all of her temporary Willpower, she loses a
temporary point of Autonomy, and will lose another
one each day until she can regain Willpower.

Finally, if a character's Autonomy score drops
below the Willpower rating of the spirit possessing her
(the Storyteller will need to decide this rating), the
character must make an Autonomy roll whenever she
wishes do anything that the spirit might see as a waste
of time. Depending on how intelligent the spirit is, this
might well include eating, bathing, or hiding obvious
manifestations of Powers. In short, the character has
become a prisoner in her own body — still very much
aware of what is happening, but so totally subsumed by
the Triat that she can't assert herself, except as an
agent of stasis, chaos, or destruction.

eee

Chapter Five: Clothed in Flesh

Ifacharacter loses all of her permanent Autonomy,
she becomes a true force of the Triat and disappears from
the physical world. Drones become part of the Pattern
Web or are put to work building it. Fomori fade into the
Umbra and become powerful Banes, or are sometimes
allowed to stalk the earth, wreaking as much destruction
and misery as possible until destroyed. Gorgons vanish
in a whirl of energy and chaos.

Vhakongutdhog"

In the game Wraith: The Oblivion, wraith
characters had to deal with their darker halves,
which gained a sort of sentience of their own. This
darker half was called the Shadow, and one of the
more innovative concepts of the game was that of
Shadowguiding. Essentially, rather than have the
Storyteller playing every chatacter's Shadow at
once (aswell as every Storyteller character in the
game! )each player acted as Shadowguide to an-
other player, roleplaying the part of the Shadow of
that player's character. When done well, this
allowed. every player to become more involyed
with the othets, took some work off the Storyteller's
shoulders, and was frankly quite a bit of fun.

If your group is up for it; you may want to try
this approach for possessed characters. The more
Symbiosis or less Autonomy a character gets, the
more the spirit halfbecomes a nagging little voice.
This approach is particularly appropriate for all-
fomori games, where the darker impulses of the
Bane start running wild.

Of course; you may want to try this approach
only if you trust your group to-roleplay this oppor-
tunity in' thesspirit in which it's intended.
Shadowguiding isn't meant to be a chance to
"screw your fellow players over;" it's meant to give
every player the chance to roleplay the tiny voice
inside another person's head, if only for.a little bit.
If you trust your players to enjoy this opportunity
without abusing it or spending more time playing
other players' "shadows" than they do their own
characters, think about giving it a whirl. If not,
don't even try it. It's not for everyone.

Eackgroundt

Possessed characters have access to several new
Backgrounds, and the Fetish Background works a little
differently forthem. They may purchase Allies, Contacts,
Mentor and Resources as usual; they may not purchase
Ancestors, Kinfolk, Pure Breed, Rites or Totem. (And
no, not even Kami can use shapechanger rites success-

01

mama

|

fully; like all non-shapechangers, they were excluded
from the Pact.) The new Backgrounds are listed below.

Consecrafed,

The slavering beasts on his heels, Laslo ducked down
and alley and found himself face to face with a brick wall.
The Prague streets were confusing, and even though he'd
live here for years, it was easy to mistake a dead end for a
shortcut to freedom.

The werewolves rounded the corner and advanced.
Two of them still wore their human forms, but the others
were stalking towards him in the dreaded war-form. One
swipe from their claws would tear him in half.

Laslo lifted his head and screamed in Polish, begging for
help from his master. As the first werewolf approached, she
toppled over backwards with a shriek of pain. The ground
around Laslo had changed from gray cobblestone to sharp-
ened silver. All around, the air seemed to shimmer like heat
off concrete. The werewolves looked at each uncertainly.
One of them whispered, "Great Gaia, it's a Nexus
Crawler." Laslo's master had answered.

The character's soul has been bonded to a more
powerful spirit or being, either a servant of whichever
one of the Triat the character serves or a Gaian spirit
(in the case of Kami). The character is expected to
serve this being faithfully, more out of reverence and
respect than out of abject servitude (although Drones
simply look at it as a logical chain of command).

The consecration usually takes place when the spirit
bonds with the host, and is initiated by the higher being,
not the newly-possessed character. If the possession is
initiated by a third party (a fomor cult, for example), that
third party may consecrate the character. There are even
stories of Kami that were promised from birth to serve Gaia.

Consecration means different things to the four
types of possessed characters. Below are explanations
of what each type might expect from the Background.

Fomori: Consecrated fomori may be bonded to any
number of Wyrm-servitors. Powerful Banes are probably
the most common choice, but fomori may also be conse-
crated to Black Spiral Dancers, other fomori, or even
human beings who actively serve the Wyrm (whether
they know it or not — sometimes mages have fomori
servants). A truly special fomor might even be conse-
crated to one of the Triatic Wyrms — the Defiler, the
Eater-of-Souls, or the Beast-of-War. Consecrated fomori
canexpect help in the form of information, sudden flashes
of insight or power, or even aid in battle (especially if the
character's benefactor is a Black Spiral Dancer — which
can be great surprise for a pack of Garou who though they
were only dealing with a single fomor!).

Drones: Most Drones have at least some rating in
this Background. The level depends on how powerful
a Weaver-spirit commands the Drone. Nearly any of
the spirits listed in the Book of the Weaver would serve


Tha Bie of Conversion"
Each type of possessed character looks at Gon-
secration ina very different way. Therefore, there
is novone "Rite of Consecration." A fomor might
be bonded toa Black Spiral ina rite performed by
the twisted Garou himself, whereas a Drone will
simply receive orders from her patron Weaver-
spirit. When creating a consecrated character,
either for a player to control ‘or asa Storyteller
character, consider how the consecration.was per-
formed, by whom, *and for what purpose. This will
help you get a better sense of what kind of benefits
the Background will provide.

as patrons for Drones. A consecrated Drone might find
that technology works flawlessly for her — cars run
smoothly, computers never crash, etc. If the Drone is
consecrated to a more martial spirit (such as a Chaos
Monitor ora Guardian-spirit), she might receive aid in
battle in the form of Materialized Weaver-spirits.
Likewise, if the Drone winds up fighting Garou or
other Umbra-hopping shapeshifters, her patron might
just strengthen the Gauntlet in the Drone's immediate
area to help prevent surprise attacks.

Gorgons: It's difficult, of course, to make generali-
zations about creatures born of chaos and creation, but
some gorgons are indeed consecrated. Their patrons
include Wyld-spirits such as Unravelers or Gyres (see
the Book of the Wyld for information on Unravelers
and other spirits) and even shapeshifters who serve the
Wyld extra-fervently (Ratkin, forexample). All gorgons
are unique, and as such, there's really no telling what
aconsecrated gorgon might be gifted with. In general,
however, such gorgons can usually expect little bursts
of chaos if their surroundings grow too static (of course,
some gorgons create such bursts even without help).

Kami: The rarest of the possessed, Kami are earthly
avatars of Gaia. As such, they might be consecrated to
anything Gaian, which leaves a lot of room for diversity.
Nearly any shapeshifter (excluding the Ananasi and,
obviously, any shapechanger that has chosen to serve the
Wyrm) or non-Triatic spirit might choose to patronize a
Kami. Doing so is an immense honor among the Chang-
ing Breeds, but is, of course, also a great responsibility. By
agreeing to become a Kami's benefactor, the shapeshifter
is promising to protect a living extension of Gaia. This is
likely worth a significant Renown bonus — but if the
Kami is killed despite the Changer's best efforts, the
accompanying penalty will be all the harsher. What aid
a consecrated Kami might expect varies, of course. If a
totem avatar watches over the Kami, she might be
granted the same Traits that a Garou pack following that
totem would be. Likewise, a Kami that has a Garou as a

Chapter Five: Clothed in Flesh

_\ a

benefactor will have at least one steadfast guardian that

will die to defend her, if necessary.

The more dots a character has in this Background,
the more powerful the being she is consecrated to.
Each level of Consecrated that the player buys, how-
ever, also costs a Triatic character a certain amount of
Autonomy (promised servitude to one of the Triat
does tend to reduce free will a bit).

° A minor spirit — Scryer Bane; Net-Spider;
Spark; Gaian Gaffling. Aid is usually given in
the form of information, although the spirit
might occasionally use a Charm on the
character's behalf. -3 temporary Autonomy.

oe A slightly more powerful spirit, or a

shapechanger or other appropriate supernatu-

tal creature — Hollow Man fomor; Guardian-

Spider; Serpentine; rank 1-3 Garou. The pa-

tron may gift the character with aid in battle

or healing. -5 temporary Autonomy.

A significant force is at work in the character's life

— Nexus Crawler; Wolf-Spider; rank 4 Ratkin;

pack totem spirit. The patron will bring its powers

tobearon behalf of the character ifit is in the same
general area, and usually assigns lesser spirits to
watch its charge. -1 permanent Autonomy.

The character is the spiritual child of one of the

greatest spirits — Maeljin Incarna; Chaos Moni-

tor; the Nameless; Totem or Planetary Incarna.

The character is never far from aid, and if she

actually calls for help, the heavens may well rain

down fire (or something equally dramatic) in re-
sponse. Be careful what youask for... -2 permanent

Autonomy.

e@eeee Beings so completely promised to their spiritual
masters occur once in a century — one of the
Triatic Wyrms; Weaver-Spider; the Heart of the
Wyld; a Celestine (Luna, Helios, etc.). Characters
with this level of consecration don't tend to live
long, but while they do live, they can change the
world. They are often unaware of exactly what they
can accomplish, but they are protected by some of
the most powerful beings in the world. -3 perma-
nent Autonomy.

Co

Michael drove away from the statue in a kind of reverent
haze. None of the others who came to pray at its — her —
feet had reacted, so he had to believe that they had not seen
what he'd seen. Miracles had been reported from the statue
in the town's square before, and the stories had been told and
retold in tabloids, but he never thought he'd see it!

He knew what he'd seen, though. He had raised his eyes
to look at the statue, and her eyes had moved. She looked
straight at him, and he'd felt a voice in his mind. It told him

03

mare


some confusing things, some things he'dnever have suspected

about the old man who lived above the toy store in town.

Michael pulled into the gas station, filled his truck, and
then his spare gas can. He had no idea how many Molotov
cocktails it would take for the store to burn, but he wanted
to be prepared. He didn't want to disappoint her.

Possessed characters wield powers that normal
human beings often have no way to explain. Some
humans would interpret these powers as abomina-
tions, but others might well fall to their knees in
worship. A character with a rating in this Background
has found some of the latter.

However, these cultists are not movers and shak-
ers of industry, nor are they politicians or other power-
ful folks. More likely, they are less-than-intelligent,
gullible, and weak. Of course, they have found a source
of strength and wisdom — the character. Perhaps she
promises them power or guidance; perhaps she simply
leads by example. Gorgons and Kami who take the
forms of inanimate objects or places might well be
declared "holy sites" and develop cult followings that
way, whereas fomori are more likely to start literal cults
and promise dark rewards to those who serve faithfully.

The more dots a character has in Cult, the more
followers she preaches to, and the more capable those
followers are. Cultists are not immune to the Delirium
nor are they enhanced in any other way (of course, a
fomor might use a cult as a recruiting method). They
might act as muscle occasionally, but are no more
battle-hardened than any other human being.

e Two believers, who will attempt to find others
(perhaps too zealously — better keep them
under control).

oe Four followers, one of whom has a useful skill
or resource.

eee Six members, one of them might be a capable
combatant or independently wealthy.

eeee Eight supporters. One of them might have
some supernatural knowledge, which can be a
great help or a dangerous hindrance.

@eeee Your cult boasts ten or more members. One of
those is an acknowledged leader and is ca-
pable of organizing the rest of the bunch when
you are not available.

Celeste tapped the choker around her neck, as she
always did when she was nervous. The delicate bones it was
made from would surely have shattered by now, were it not
for the spirit bound to them. From behind her, she heard the
men kicking down her door. There would be no reasoning
with them, she knew, but they were just doing their jobs.

a

I ct EE et

TS GAPE wa a ee a

Of course, I could just kill them, she reminded herself.
She shook the thought away. The spirit inside her growled,
uneasy at having their home invaded. Only natural. Finally,
Celeste walked to the balcony, stroked the choker to wake the
hare-spirit therein, tensed her body, and jumped. She landed
safely on the next rooftop, nearly thirty feet away. She smiled
as she ran for the fire escape — "Let's see them follow that."

The character possesses a fetish or some other form
of specialized, mystical, or unique equipment. Forfomori,
this may be a Wyrm-fetish or special gear from Pentex.
Kami sometimes carry fetishes crafted for them by
Garou to help them susvive in a hostile world. Drones
and gorgons rarely own such things, but it wouldn't be
impossible to find a Drone with a technological marvel
or a gorgon with a handful of Glass Mites.

Inall other respects, this Background is identical to
the one found in the Werewolf book. Below are ex-
amples of the sort of equipment that might be available
at the various levels. Remember that at higher levels,
the character need not possess one extremely advanced
item. She may instead have several lower-cost items (for
example, 4 dots in this Background could be read as one
level four fetish, or 2 level two fetishes, or any other
combination totaling four levels).

° Aminorfetish; a piece of commercially available
(if expensive) equipment. Examples: A fetish
shirt that, when activated, add 3 to all Sense
Wyrm difficulties in the area; a Kevlar vest.

ee A useful fetish; equipment usually reserved for
military use. Examples: A bone choker that dupli-
cates the Gift: Hare's Leap; automatic weapon.

eee A powerful fetish; highly specialized equipment.

Examples: A rattle that temporarily awakens

any sleeping spirits in the area; a deadly contact

poison (and possibly its antidote).

A rare or unique fetish; highly illegal weapons or

equipment. Examples: A technofetish that allows

the user to instantly learn the contents of a disk or

hard drive; a cache of white phosphorus grenades.

eeeee A legendary fetish; aunique prototype. Examples:
A leather glove that, when activated, stains
anything it touches with permanent Wyrm taint;
bionic or cybernetic implants augmenting
Strength and Stamina, and providing an adrenal
boost (2 extra actions) once per scene.

Liynbbatds

Carla looked dispassionately at the man dying before her
eyes. His life meant little to her, but she needed the informa-
tion he had concerning the shapeshifters that had attacked her
facility. She cut his shirt off to get a better view of the wounds,
and shook her head. The wererat's claws had opened his back
deep enough that she could see his spine.

Chapter Five: Clothed in Flesh

She glanced over in the corner and noticed that Dr. Tyler
had stopped breathing. His wound had been much worse. His
bag, however, had been thrown clear when the creature
stabbed him with its gleaming dagger. Carla walked across the
room, ignoring the moans of pain from the man on the floor,
picked up the bag, and looked in. Medical instruments —
what did she need? Needle and thread? Pain killers?

Sighing, she thought for a moment. Her eyes fluttered
back into her head while somewhere, tiny spiders ran
throughout the world, gathering the information she needed.
A few seconds later, she pulled a syringe from the bag and
drew some clear liquid from a bottle.

"Do youknow what you're doing?" gasped the injured man.

"I do now. Don't distract me."

Whether possessed by a Bane or merged with a
fragment of Gaia herself, a spirit-inhabited character
has access to a large amount of information. However,
some spirits are more knowledgeable than others, and
sometimes the spirits just don't feel like talking. The
Symbiosis Background determines how much infor-
mation a character can glean from her "tenant."

In game terms, this Background is similar to An-
cestors. The player rolls a number of dice equal to the
character's Symbiosis rating. The difficulty is equal to
the character's Autonomy rating for Triatic symbiotes
(although Drones receive a -1 to this difficulty). For
Kami, this difficulty is normally 6, but the Storyteller
may modify it if the spirit in question would have
particular knowledge of the subject (asking a Dove-
spirit for advice on using a gun, for example, is probably
an exercise in futility). For each success on the roll, the
character gains a dot in an appropriate Ability for the
remainder of the scene. If the roll botches, the spirit
grows frustrated with the character's bumbling and
asserts itself, taking greater control of the character's
mind. This costs the character 2 points of temporary

Autonomy.
° You can count on a hint now and then.
ee Your spirit often grants you useful knowledge.

eee = Youmaynever have toucheda gun before, but after
a few seconds of concentration, you're dangerous.
You have access to a vast amount of knowledge
— sometimes it's hard to sift through it all.
eeeee A veritable font of information — sometimes
the spirit initiates the Symbiosis before you do.

Geata

Geasa are special taboos levied on Kami as a
spiritual price to be paid for their gifts. Each Kami
begins play with one geas, a prohibition from specific
activity that they must abide by no matter what. The
geas is partly a show of devotion to Gaia, and partly the

05

mee


Serer serene eoreneen ansvenansiarvs ausurnsara.suspsanenrmnsmcmna)\

cost paid for manifesting spirit powers on the physical
world. Kami might not even know why they have the
geasa they do; all they know is that it's very important
that they obey these prohibitions without fail.

Violating a geas always brings down a curse on the
Kami. Such an unfortunate creature might lose many of
its powers, have a category of Attributes reduced to 1,
lose Gnosis or Rage or Willpower, or even be stripped of
supernatural power and become an ordinary mortal,
animal or plant once more. The Storyteller adjudicates
the punishment, taking into account the nature of the
violation and the circumstances under which the geas
was broken (there are very few extenuating circum-
stances, mind; breaking a geas is always bad, but break-
ing one casually is unforgivable). The curse is likely
permanent unless the Kami manages to perform a re-
markable quest of atonement, and even then it must
likely accept another geas before the curse is lifted. Bear
in mind that the Storyteller is obligated to tempt your
character to violate the ban at some point; it's not a
weakness if it never comes into play.

There are many colorful instances of geasa and
taboos throughout mythology, and the enterprising Sto-
ryteller can gather several ideas from old myths, the bans
levied by Werewolf totem spirits, or even superstition.
The following are just a few ideas for potential geasa.

¢ Barefoot: Only Kami with human hosts or the
need to spend much time in human form may take this
geas. The Kami must never wear shoes or any other sort
of foot covering.

© Color Ban: The Kami may not wear clothing,
ornamentation or decoration of a particular color —
this applies not only to humans, but also to animals and
even trees and animate lands (graffiti of the appropri-
ate color violates the ban).

¢ Gender Ban: The Kami may not speak directly
to any member of a specific gender; any such commu-
nication must take place through an intermediary.

¢ Gift Ban: The Kami cannot refuse a gift freely
offered. This ban can sometimes cause trouble with
treacherous gift-givers, or when paired with the sub-
stance ban.

¢ Healer: The Kami cannot refuse to heal anyone
who asks for his assistance.

¢ Indirect Movement: The Kami may not move
in astraight line, but must always take an indirect path
to its goal. Kami with plant hosts and animate lands
cannot take this ban.

© Question Ban: The Kami may never answer a
direct question.

¢ Rover: The Kami may not call any single place
home; they may not sleep in the same "bed" or even
spend the night in the exact same spot two nights in a

106

—

row. The Kami must have a naturally ambulatory host
to take this geas.

© Silence: The Kami may not speak while per-
forming its appointed task, but must make its wishes
known through other means.

¢ Substance Ban: The Kami may not come into
contact with a particular substance without violating
this geas. Sample substances include plastic, steel,
wood, silver, water, blood, and so on.

¢ Thankless: The Kami may neitheraccept thanks
for its assistance nor give thanks to anyone who aids it.
It may not even explain its seeming ungratefulness
without violating the taboo.

¢ Truthspeaker: The Kami cannot deliberately
tell a lie, although it can still pass on misinformation
that it believes to be true.

© Whisper-Bound: The Kami may never raise its
voice above a whisper, even to call for help.

Works and Frans

Many of the Merits and Flaws listed in the Werewolf
Player's Guide are applicable to possessed characters as
well. Listed below are some that are especially appropri-
ate for — or unique to — such characters.

Sptrhe Mark
(2 point Marit OR 2 potnt Faw)

The spirit riding you bleeds over into the physical
world a bit. You aren't physically any different (not as
a result of this Trait, anyway) but you exude a certain
aura. What exactly that aura feels like depends on a)
whether Spirit's Mark is a Merit or a Flaw and b) what
kind of spirit possesses you. An attractive fomor might
reek of pure lust, granting a -2 on all Seduction-related
difficulties. A Kami possesses by a predator-spirit might
engender a feeling similar to the Curse in humans (+1
to Social difficulties not related to Intimidation). The
Storyteller should work with the player to decide what
kind of feeling the character gives off and how it
translates into game play. Generally, it should be
worth a difficulty adjustment of 1 or 2, depending on
how specific the feeling is.

Hidden Foner (2 potot Mertf)

All of your powers and Taints are concealable.
Whether you're a fomor with slimy tentacles or a Kami
with needle-sharp teeth, you can concentrate for a
moment and retract, cover, or otherwise hide any of
the modifications the spirit inside you has made.

Trine Lywbbote (4 potot Mert)
Possessed? Maybe, but by sharing your mind and

body with a spirit, you've discovered your place in life.
You have been very accommodating to the spirit inside

Possessed

EEE


The powershere should not be taken asthe absolute last word
in what's available to possessed characters. powers (and Taints)
that appear in other supplements but that have been excluded for
purposes of space and playability are not suddenly "illegal." If the
Storyteller is interested in allowing characters to purchase powers
and Taints from other supplements (such as Freak Legion or the
Werewolf Storytellers Handbook), all that really remains is to
assign a point cost. (And if the character in question is a
Storyteller-controlled one intended to be stronger or weaker than
the players' characters, even that might not be necessary.) As
always, take whatever seems suitable and ignore what doesn't.

The numeric cost (or bonus in the case of Taints) is in
"power points"; each character begins with five points of
powers, and can earn more points by burning Autonomy.
See Chapter Five for more details.

loners

¢ Animal Control (2) — Fomori, Kami and gorgons
may take this power. The character can summon and control
animals that are within range when the power is used. The
character's control over animals extends only to making
animals do things largely within the range of their normal
behavior. A dog or wolf might bite, crows might follow a
specific person and keep him in sight; but a rat won't act like
a carrier pigeon, and a bear won't try to pry open a car trunk.

System: The player spends one Willpower and rolls
Manipulation + Animal Ken; Kami gain two additional dice
to this roll. If successful, the character can cause one animal
per success anywhere within 120 yards to carry out one
specific task. The effect lasts for one scene.

rn a eae Se

¢ Animate Self (1-5) —Gorgons and Kami bound into
inanimate objects such as trees or statues may take this power,
which allows them to animate their host body. Without this
power, a character with a plant or mineral host is immobile.

System: The character spends one Gnosis, and may move
as he pleases for the duration of the scene. The number of points
spent on this power limits the character's Dexterity ; the charac-
tercannotact withahigher Dexterity than the cost of this power.
For obvious reasons, this power should be mandatory for any
player's character with an otherwise inanimate host, although
Storyteller characters may not need to purchase the power.

¢ Armored Hide (2) — Fomori, Kamiand gorgons may
take this power. The host's skin is obviously changed,
granting added resilience against attacks. It may be obvi-
ously scaly or heavy, rhino-like hide, or perhaps even
glistening with slime that causes attacks to slide away
without making heavy contact.

System: This power grants the host three additional
soak dice; further, he may soak afl damage at difficulty 6, just
as werewolves do.

¢ Aura of Tranquility (5) — Kami and Drones may
purchase this power. The character radiates an aura of either
peacefulness (in the case of Kami) or harmony (in the case
of Drones) that calms anyone within the area.

System: This power is almost always active, although
the character may turn it off at will. While the aura is in
effect, nobody in the character's immediate vicinity (about
30 yards or so) may act in a violent fashion. Shapeshifters
may not use Rage, vampires may not frenzy, and so on. In
order tocommita violent action of any sort in the character's


presence, a person must make a Willpower check opposed by
the character's Charisma + Empathy. Success allows the
would-be marauder to actas violently as he pleases fora turn.

Berserker (3) — Fomori, Kami, and gorgons may take
this power. The host is infused with Rage just like a werewolf',
AY with all the attendant advantages and disadvantages.
[ System: Buying this power grants the character three
points of permanent Rage. Additional Rage points may be
purchased for one freebie point each. The character may use
Rage to take extra actions, ignore stuns or ignore wound
penalties (although not, of course, to shapeshift). However,
the host is also capable of entering frenzy in the same
manner as a Garou. The character does not regain Rage by
moon phase, although he may regain it in other ways
; (frustration, between stories, and so on).
| ¢ Bestial Mutation (5) — Fomori and gorgons may
take this power. The host body is no longer recognizable as
human or animal; it has distended and warped into a rough
parody of its former shape, wholly unable to pass as anything
other than a supernatural monster.

System: Each of the character's Physical Attributes is
raised by 2 (to a maximum of 8); however, the character's
Appearance falls to 0.

© Blending (1) — Any possessed character may take
this power. The character is able to shift its coloration for
purposes of stealth; although it cannot duplicate specific
patterns or textures, it can create general patterns sufficient
to break up its outline.

System: The character gains four extra dice on any
Stealth rolls to keep from being visually detected.

* Body Expansion (2 or 4) — This power may be taken by
fomori and gorgons. The character is capable of increasing her size
up to three times her normal height for a short period of time.
While expanded, she gains the various advantages of great size:
covering ground in huge strides, picking up opponents more
readily, and so on. However, she also suffers minor disadvantages
while expanded: Her internal organs do not grow to match, which
may make her light-headed from too little blood, and her Strength
is not proportionately increased. Her bones also become brittle
due to the attenuation, which can lead to dangerous injuries.

System: The character spends a Willpower point to
reach her expanded size. Hand-to-hand attacks increase their
damage to Strength +3, and the character may increase her
speed by 10 yards per turn. However, if the character botches
asoak roll, her bones break, causing an additional unsoakable
health level of lethal damage. Gorgons with plant or mineral
forms are immune to the problems of brittle bones, but must
pay the increased cost (4 points) for the power.

¢ Brain Eating (6): This power is unique to fomori.

The fomor can absorb a target's mental faculties with a
touch, and use them to learn. Note that this power cannot
be used to inflict physical damage on a target, nor does it
allow the fomor to steal memories or specific knowledge.
System: The player spends one Willpower point and
rolls Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 6) in an opposed

S eeerts nrmiina esses carne rans eno A a maroc Naren

check against the target's Willpower (also difficulty 6). If
the fomor wins the test, the target loses a dot of a Mental
Attribute (fomor's choice), while the fomor gains one point
of experience (if the fomor is a Storyteller controlled char-
acter, the Storyteller may decide ona game effect — perhaps
the fomor gains a dot of an Ability). This power may only be
attempted against a target once per scene.

¢ Bulky (3) — Fomori, gorgons and Kami may pur-
chase this power. The character's host body is unusually
large and solid, offering an extra measure of durability.

System: The character gains three additional health
levels, two at the OK level and one at the -1 level.

* Chaos/Stasis Engine (2 or 4/6 points) — This potent
power is most commonly seen in the Puddlefoot breed of
gorgons, for whom it is as familiar as drawing breath. A gorgon
with this ability is a walking mouthpiece for chaos, pure and
simple. His very presence brings disorder and change to the
objectsand events at work around him. Bolts unhinge, electrical
systems brown out, and nearby containers spring leaks or cracks.

The "reverse" of this power, Stasis Engine, produces
similar effects in an attempt to bring order to a drone's
environment. Axes re-align, objects secure in place, and
things that seem out of synch are brought into harmony with
their environs. Only gorgons and Drones are permitted (or
would desire) to take this power.

System: In gorgons, the point variance for this power
is determined by whether or not the Chaos Engine is
"uncontrollable." For two points, the power is almost like a
Taint in and of itself, as the gorgon has little control over
when and/or how the power will "go off." In fact, only by
spending a Willpower point may the gorgon voluntarily
alter his environs in the name of chaos. For four points,
however, the gorgon's control is a bit sturdier, and he suffers
none of the usual deleterious effects of having an "unstable"
ability. For Drones there is only one point cost (6), as their
Stasis Engine is always under their control.

In the case of voluntary activation, the user need only
concentrate foramomentand then roll Wits plus an Ability
appropriate to the situation. (Thus, if a gorgon were trying
to "convince" a PC monitor to shut down, he would roll
Wits + Computer). The difficulty is always the character's
Autonomy rating + 2, although certain effects may require
additional successes at the Storyteller's discretion.

The limitations of this power are as follows: First, only
small changes to the user's environment are possible; while
larger shifts may occur, they are only temporary in nature, as
the objects/events in question will revert to their prior status
upon the creature's departing their vicinity. Second, only one
alteration to the user's environment is possible at any given
time, though a group of related effects can be considered a
single alteration for these purposes. The exception to this last
involves involuntary chaos, which often produces a number
of effects at once, none of which are under the control of the
possessor. Whatever greater design these occurrences may
follow or serve is ultimately up to the Storyteller.

11

nanan

¢ Command the Earth (3) — Gorgons and Kami may
take this power. The character is able to compel the very
earth to obey it, sculpting new formations, sucking down
enemies into morasses of quicksand, and so on.

System: The character spends one or more points of
Willpower. One point will create minor effects such as a
small sandstorm in a desert or a minor rockfall; two or more
points create progressively greater effects, up to powerful
localized earthquakes and sudden overwhelming landslides
for three points of Willpower. This power functions only on
natural earth; a character could compel the earth in a
ballpark, but not the concrete of a parking lot.

¢ Computer Link (1) — Drones may take this power.
The Drone becomes capable of controlling computers by
touch alone. The computer must be currently active, and
cannot do anything that it isn't already set up to handle; a
beaten-up TRS-80 can't run Excel spreadsheets, and a
computer with no modem can't go online.

System: The Drone can open any file and crack any
password with a simple Intelligence + Computer roll; even
simpler tasks, such as composing an email or running an anti-
virus program, are automatic. Any machine controlled by a
computer can be operated in this way, although the Drone must
be in contact with the piece of hardware that contains the
actual computer, if the computer is separate from the machine.

© Curse of Gaia (5) — Only Kami may purchase this
power, and even then only if they have the power Spirit
Ties. The Kami may levy the curse of Gaia Herself against
an offender, punishing those who disrupt Her will or the
balance of the natural world. Minor curses may manifest as
runs of bad luck, bouts of depression or embarrassing physi-
cal conditions (such as hair loss or extreme stench); major
curses might turn an offender to stone, inflict him with a
wasting disease or even compel the earth to swallow him up.

System: During character creation, the player chooses
one minor curse effect and one major curse effect that the
Kami with this power is capable of inflicting (subject to
Storyteller approval). To levy the power, the Kami must
spend 3 Gnosis points. If the target is a shapeshifter, they may
resist the effect in a contested Gnosis roll; otherwise, the
curse's effects are automatic. If the Curse of Gaia is leveled
against an innocent, the Kami loses all her Gnosis and cannot
use any of her powers until she has completed a major task of
atonement (such as a visionquest ia the Umbra).

© Cybersenses (2) — Only Drones may purchase this
power, which allows the user to replace his own senses with
that of a machine — radar, infrared scanning, or the like.

System: As the Glass Walker Gift (Werewolf, pg. 149),
save that the Drone spends Willpower rather than Gnosis.

¢ Darksight (1) — Any possessed character may
purchase this power. The character is capable of seeing in
the dark just as well as he might in daylight.

System: Once purchased, this power's effects are automatic.

© Devour (4) — Fomori and gorgons may purchase this
power. The character is able to distend its mouth and swallow

Possessed

einen

me


aN Nn es

objectsas large asa medium-sized dog orasmall person. Anyone
so devoured is digested as food, with only truly indigestible
materials being eliminated (such as bones, shoes or glasses).

System: The player spends one Willpower point and rolls
Stamina + Athletics; the target must be within its grasp, of
course. Success allows the character to swallow its victim whole.
If the target is still alive, he is treated as suffocating (Werewolf,
pg. 188). A target with natural weaponry or a knife may try to
cut himself free. All such attacks are at difficulty 7; the possessed
maysoak asnormal, butifit loses halfits health levels, the victim
has cut a hole in its stomach large enough to escape.

© Dispersion (4/6) — All four character types may
purchase this power. This power, one of the most overt changes
a spirit can make, allows its host to break up his body into a
number of smaller wholes, each one fully alive and possessed of
its "owner's" sentience. The make-up of these individual parts
is up to the player and the Storyteller to decide; most resemble
small animals such as rodents or snakes, though some particu-
larly unusual gorgons have been known to suddenly disperse
into a number of different entities at once. This Power is most
commonly found among the Hollow Men breed of fomori.

System: This Power costs four points for gorgons and
fomori, while Drones and Kami must spend six points in order
to acquire the unusual ability. When the character wishes to
disperse, he must concentrate (taking no other action for the
round) and spend a Willpower point. At the end of the round,
he will break up into his "component parts," which may then
scatter as desired. At this time, the only way to be fully rid of
the character is to find and destroy every individual part —a
difficult prospect, indeed. However, unless the character also
possesses the Regeneration Power, he will suffer terribly if he
attempts to reform without all his "pieces."

As a general rule, you can evenly divide the character's
total body mass by his health levels. Thus, if a character with
eight health levels attempts to reform with only 75 percent of
himself intact, he will reform having suffered two levels of non-
soakable aggravated damage. The character can heal this
damage more quickly by consuming more matter, typically that
of his component creatures (i.e., ifa Hollow Man disperses into
a nest of vipers, half of which are subsequently killed, he may
seek out and consume vipers once he has reformed in order to
heal more efficiently). Note that every individual part has a
constant and unerring sense of where the others are at all times,
and reforming costs no Willpower, though it does take a full
round of uninterrupted concentration.

¢ Ectoplasmic Extrusion (3) — Any possessed charac-
ter may purchase this power. The character is able to
generate up to four semi-solid tentacles or arms that can
stretch out up to five yards, manipulating objects or even
striking blows. The limbs may be true ectoplasm, quasi-solid
shadow, preternaturally thick mist, or whatever seems suit-
able for the character type in question.

System: The character spends one Willpower point
and rolls Stamina + Occult to generate the tentacles. The
character may add 3 to her Strength for purposes of lifting

11

\,

|

Seen ren rr ere are a are ie rar rem snaremiren

heavy objects only. The tentacles do not grant extra attacks;
to attack with multiple pseudopodia requires the splitting of
dice pools (or expenditure of Rage) as usual. A blow from an
extrusion inflicts Strength +1 bashing damage, and the
maneuver is handled with Dexterity + Brawl, difficulty 8.

¢ Electrical Field (3) — Any possessed character may
purchase this power. The character may generate a powerful
electrical field that shocks anyone in contact with his body.
The current can be AC or DC in nature, with appropriate
effects (blowing the target away from the character, or
locking their muscles in place).

System: The electrical charge can be generated at will,
and inflicts bashing damage equal to the character's Stamina
+3. The damage can be made aggravated with the expendi-
ture of a Willpower point.

Elemental Resistance (1 per dot) — All possessed charac-
ters have access to this Power. The host's resistance to a certain
type of energy form is augmented to supernatural degrees. The
chosen source can be mundane, such as fire or lightning, or may
even come from more mystical sources such as balefire. Regardless
of the source, it cannot be changed once it has been decided upon
without further expenditure (i.e., buying the Power again).

System: For every point spent on this power, the char-
acter gains an extra die for the purposes of resisting injury from
the specified energy source, providing him in a sense with a
"soak before the soak." If, for some reason, the attack form is
one that ordinarily allows no soak or resisted roll, this power
provides a number of dice equal to its rating for protection.
This power is especially useful to fomori, many of whom were
normal mortals before being possessed, and thus cannot soak
any form of attack that inflicts aggravated damage.

¢ Enchanting Voice (3) — Any possessed character
may purchase this power. The character may enthrall listen-
ers with its song (or in the case of Drones, with its wonder-
fully soothing speech).

System: As long as the character sings, anyone within
the area must make a Willpower roll (resisted by the
character's Charisma + Performance) to take any action
other than listen to the song. If the listeners are aware of
some form of impending or even present danger, they
receive three additional dice on the roll. If they are wounded
while listening to the song, the effect of the character's voice
is broken. The possessed character's voice has no power to
influence listeners in other ways (barring other powers of
similar nature, such as Spirit Gift: Roll Over).

¢ Enhanced Attribute (2 per dot) — All four character
types may purchase this power. The host's natural capabili-
ties are magnified to superhuman levels. This power isn't
restricted to Physical Attributes — a Wyld-possessed being
might boast Enhanced Wits, while a fomor might well
develop unearthly Appearance, the better to lure victims.

System: For every two points spent on this power, the
character's chosen Attribute is raised by one dot. The player
can choose to raise an Attribute rating over 5, but no higher

11

—_—

than eight. This power can be purchased more than once, to
affect multiple Attributes.

¢ Entropic Touch (4) — Fomori and gorgons may take
this power. Witha touch, the character can temporarily weaken
the physical structure of an object, or even of a living being.

System: The character must touch the target; the
player then spends one Willpower point and rolls Percep-
tion + Medicine if the target is organic, or Perception +
Crafts if the target is inorganic (difficulty 8 for either roll).
Success weakens the target's tensile strength for one turn; in
that time, all rolls to damage the target (whether through
attacks or feats of strength) gain five extra dice.

¢ Extensible Limb (1 per limb) —Fomori and gorgons may
purchase this power. One or more of the character's limbs —
arms, legs, tails, even tongues — can stretch out to manipulate
objects or strike an opponent at range. This power commonly
manifests in fomori as a powerful froglike tongue, giving its owner
strangely slurred speech (and sometimes a taste for insects).

System: The character may extend her limb with a
reflexive Dexterity + Athletics roll, out to one yard plus one
yard per success. She may use her full Strength with the limb
or limbs in question.

¢ Extra Limbs (2) — Fomori and gorgons may pur-
chase this power. The character permanently sprouts a
number of extra limbs, be they extra arms, tentacles or even
extended, prehensile tongues or intestines. The limbs may
be attached in weird places, or even concealed in fleshy
pockets until needed.

System: The character gains three additional dice in
grapple attempts, in addition to the minor benefits of extra
limbs (such as the ability to holda flashlight while reloading
a shotgun and digging for one's car keys simultaneously).
The character gains no multiple actions, and must split dice
pools (or spend Rage) as usual to perform different actions
with different limbs in the same turn.

¢ Eyes of the Wyrm (3) — Only fomori may purchase
this power. The fomor's eyes are somehow unusual. They
may be compound eyes like an insect's, or possess strangely
shifting pupils and irises, or even swim with ripples of
iridescent, unclean color. Those who meet the fomor's gaze
see a more dreadful pattern hidden within — glimpses of the
maddening damnation of the Wyrm.

System: Anyone who looks into the character's eyes must
make a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) or be frozen in horror for
(five turns minus Wits rating, minimum one turn). The fomor
may not move, attack or otherwise take an action to break eye
contact without freeing the victim. His companions may
attack with no such restriction; the victim remains frozen as
long as the fomor keeps still and maintains the power.

Flight (3/5) — Fomori, gorgons and Kami may take
this power. The character is able to fly, either through wings
(of any description) or some other form of propulsion (such
as wind-riding for a storm-aspected Kami). She may hover,
glide, soar or dive, as the player chooses. Kami and gorgons
with ordinary winged animals as hosts need not purchase

Possessed

een iene

we


this power, although more radical forms (such as a sentient
swarm of insects) are required to do so.

System: For three points, the character may fly at up to
normal human jogging speed (14 yards per turn); for five, she
may cover 20 yards per turn. Characters with wings can push
themselves farther by adding their Dexterity to their move-
ment rate for short bursts.

© Foot Pads (1) — Fomori, gorgons and Kami may take
this power. The character's feet are padded like an animal's,
granting him an extra measure of stealth.

System: The character subtracts 2 from the difficulty of
any Stealth roll made to move quietly.

¢ Fungal Touch (4/6) — Fomori and gorgons may take
this power. The character has been partly subsumed by astrange
fungoid substance, which it can pass on with a virulent touch.

System: The character must touch the target; the target
must succeed at a Stamina roll (difficulty 7) or begin losing
one point from all Physical Attributes, as well as Appearance,
per day as the fungus begins to coat him and eat away at his
flesh. The infection may be cured only by supernatural means
(the Gift: Resist Toxin, healing fetishes and the like). Only
fomori may purchase the six-point version of this power; at
this strength, the fungus emanates clouds of revolting-smell-
ing spores, which subtract two dice from the dice pools of
anyone attacking the fomor in hand-to-hand combat.

© Gaseous Form (5) — Fomori, gorgons and Kami may
purchase this power. The character can dissolve her body
into a gaseous state, be it mist, smoke or a foul miasma.

System: The player must spend a point of Willpower to
become gaseous and another to become solid again. While in
gaseous form, the character can glide through the air at her
normal walking speed, and cannot be harmed by physical
attacks such as fists, claws or bullets. Energy attacks such as fire
or radiation affect her as usual, as do most psychic or mind-
based powers (save those requiring eye contact). She may not
attack while gaseous, although the Storyteller may rule that
certain offensive powers still work in gaseous form (such as
Mind Blast). The gaseous form holds together in most winds,
although powerful winds such as those summoned by the
Wendigo Gift: Cutting Wind inflict damage on the character.

© Hazardous Breath (varies) — Fomori, gorgons or
Kami can take this power. The character can vent some sort
of dangerous substance on command — fire, poison breath,
acidic spittle or the like. The attack need not actually be a
breath weapon; any sort of long-range attack will do.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Brawl to hit the
target; the damage is one health level of lethal damage for every
2 points invested in the power. For an additional point, the
damage is aggravated. For an extra three points, the damage is
caustic, inflicting damage each turn until the hazardous sub-
stance is washed off or neutralized or until the target dies.

The character can use this attack a number of times
equal to his Stamina each scene. Range is the Storyteller's
discretion, depending on the attack type. If the hazard could
potentially hurt more than one target at a time, assume that

._ .. iets

Appendix: Powers and Taints

each success above the first on the attack roll allows an
additional victim to be hurt ifhe is within range of the attack
(roughly two yards or less from the initial target).

¢ Heart Sense (3) — Only Kami may purchase this
power. The Kami can see into the very heart of an indi-
vidual, determining her general spiritual allegiance (Wyrm,
Wyld, Weaver, Gaia or other), her innocence or guilt, her
true form (if she is wearing another shape), even her most
secret dreams and desires or her connections to the past.

System: The character must possess the Spirit Ties
power to purchase Heart Sense. The player spends 1 Gnosis
and rolls Perception + Empathy (difficulty 7). Each success
grants the Kami one bit of information from the list above.

© Homogeneity (varies) — This power is available to
all possessed characters. The character can counteract all
supernatural powers within five yards of her, or focus on one
opponent and prevent him from using such powers for
considerably longer. Homogeneity does not work on "in-
nate" powers; therefore, while it will counteract a Garou's
Gifts, it will not stop them from shapeshifting.

System: This power costs 6 points for fomori and Kami, 5
for gorgons, and 4 for Drones. The player spends one Willpower
point and rolls Manipulation + Occult (difficulty 7 for an area
effect, or the Willpower of a single target). Success cancels, but
does not remove, any non-innate supernatural powers used
within five yards; for instance, a werewolf protected by Blur of
the Milky Eye would suddenly be revealed, but he could active
the Gift again on hisnext action. Ifused ona specific target, that
target's powers are nullified for a number of turns equal to the
numberof successes rolled. This power will cancel Gifts (butnot
regeneration, Rage expenditure or shapeshifting), vampiric
Disciplines (but not vitae-empowered increases to Attributes),
and mage Spheres. Ifa target knows what the possessed charac-
ter is trying to do, she may resist with a Willpower roll (difficulty
7, and must exceed the possessed character's successes).

¢ Horror (1/2/7) — Fomori, gorgons and Kami may
take this power. The character's presence is so disturbing
that it evokes the same supernatural panic in mortals as
witnessing a Garou in Crinos form. More powerful charac-
ters can even inflict terror and disbelief on the supernatural.
This power almost always manifests in characters with truly
bestial, animalistic or outright monstrous forms.

System: For | point, the character causes the full effects
of the Delirium in all mortal onlookers, as described on page
192 of the Werewolf rulebook. For an additional point, she
may opt to turn this power on or off at will. The seven-point
version of this Power allows the character to inflict the
Delirium even on other Awakened beings (at this level, the
character may also choose to use the powerat will, rather than
it being a constant effect). Note that fomori do not have to be
physically disfigured or otherwise visibly monstrous to have
this power, as the terror spread by its use is innately spiritual.

¢ Immunity to the Delirium (1) —Gorgons and Drones
are considered automatically immune to the Delirium; fomori
and Kami may purchase this power to gain similar immunity.

3

11
amen.

|

|

System: The character is not subject to any of the
Delirium's effects. Note that although a fomor or Kami
might be immune to the supernatural fear buried in its
human host's racial memory, not all will react to the sight of
a nine-foot, super-strong monster with icy calm.

Infectious Bite/Touch (5) —Fomori or gorgons may
purchase this power. The character is able to spread a vicious
infection by bite or touch (player's choice, but the character
may use only one method). If the host manages to infect a
target, the target becomes feverish and sickly, and will be
mildly contagious until the infection heals.

System: The host must bite or touch the target. The player
thenrolls Willpower (difficulty 7) inan opposed roll against the
target's Stamina (also difficulty 7). If the host scores more
successes than the target, the target takes health levels of
damage equal to the difference between the two rolls. This
damage is considered aggravated and heals at the rate of one
level per week (barring supernatural healing methods). Until
the damage heals, the victim is mildly contagious (anyone
coming into direct contact with the afflicted individual must
roll Stamina, difficulty 4, or receive 2 levels of damage exactly
as if she had been infected by the fomor directly).

© Invisibility (5) — Any possessed character may take
this power. The character disappears from sight. She leaves no
footprints, but still makes noise and still gives off scent, and
will still register to Gifts such as Sense Wyrm (if applicable).
Making an attack or any other obvious action will cancel the
power's effects; otherwise, the power lasts until canceled.

System: The player spends one Willpower point and rolls
Wits + Stealth (difficulty 6). Anyone specifically searching for
the character rolls Perception + Alertness (or Primal-Urge, if
in a form where detecting by scent is possible) in an opposed
check against the character's original Wits + Stealth roll. Ifthe
searcher rolls more successes than the invisible character, she
can target the character as normal (although she still cannot
actually see him, and therefore might not be able to identify
him). The power lasts for a scene or until canceled.

¢ Invulnerability (3-7) — Kami and Drones may take
this power. The character's body is supernaturally strength-
ened with no obvious outward effect.

System: The character gains one to five additional soak
dice and may soak lethal and aggravated damage at no
penalty; the cost is equal to the number of soak dice gained +2.
A Kami cannot possess both this power and Armored Hide.

© Liquid Form (5) — Kami, gorgons and fomori may take
this power. The character can liquefy its body, dissolving into a
thick liquid (mud, blood or the like) that can move about as it
likes. The liquid-form character can flow through small open-
ings without difficulty, although it has difficulty moving uphill.

System: The player must spend a point of Willpower to
become liquid and another to become solid again. While in
liquid form, the character can flow along level or downhill
surfaces at its normal walking speed, and cannot be harmed
by physical attacks such as fists, claws or bullets. Energy
attacks such as fire or radiation damage it as usual, as do most

11

—

psychic or mind-based powers (save those requiring eye
contact). The character may not attack while liquid, al-
though the Storyteller may rule that certain offensive pow-
ers still work in liquid form (such as Mind Blast).

© Longevity (1+) — Only Kami may take this power;
fomoriare too touched by the Destroyer, gorgons are too bound
to the forces of change, and all Drones are already effectively
unaging. The Storyteller may allow a fomor to take this power
only if they also take the Taint: Unaging; the fomor staves off
the effects of old age only as long as it indulges in its addiction.

System: The Kami's lifespan is extended by a factor of
ten; a human-host Kami would live for around 700 years with
the assistance of this power. The character may purchase this
power more than once, and each additional purchase adds an
extra extension. (A human-form Kami who took this power
twice would have a lifespan of 1400 years, not 7000.) If the
Kami purchases this power five times, he is effectively ageless.

Lord of the Land (2-5) —Kami and Drones may take
this power. The character is incredibly attuned to her terri-
tory, remaining constantly aware of anything that happens
within the boundaries she's claimed as her own. This power
iscommon only to immobile Kami (plants, mountains, rivers,
animate lands) and Drones with a specific monitor purpose.

System: The character can automatically sense anywhere
within her territory. This is not the same thing as a danger sense;
the character may have to make Perception + Alertness rolls to
note threats or stealthy intruders. The character can attune
herselftoa territory roughly the size ofa large building for2 points,
acity block for 3 points, and a square mile or so for 4 points. Only
Kami may purchase the 5-point version, which can extend their
territory as far as the Storyteller is willing to allow (the length of
asmall river, for instance). However, if the character leaves her
territory for any reason, this power is disrupted, and cannot be
reactivated until she spends 24 hours meditating (or lost in the
OneSong) within her territory to reattune herself.

© Magnetokinesis (6) — Only Drones may purchase
this power. The Drone may generate and control localized
magnetic fields, allowing him to move or manipulate ferrous
objects or damage electronic equipment.

System: The Drone can move ferrous objects as if using
Strength equal to the Drone's Willpower and Dexterity
equal to the Drone's Wits, at a range of twenty meters. He
may also generate electromagnetic pulses, wrecking com-
puters or electronic devices not shielded against such.

© Malleate (6) — Fomori and gorgons may take this
power. The character is capable of injecting a strange venom
that makes the victim's body malleable, making bones and
muscle groupsas yielding as clay. This power may affect even
unliving flesh and plant tissue.

System: The character damages the target with an attack

that could inject the poison (a bite, sting or the like) and spend ,

one Willpower point. (The bite of a fomor without Natural
Weaponry inflicts Strength -1 lethal damage.) The victim suffers
one health level of unsoakable aggravated damage each turn for
one turn per success on the attack's damage roll. The more levels

Possessed

ee

|


of damage inflicted, the more malleable the victim becomes
(wound penalties from this poison represent loss of cohesion, not
pain, and cannot be ignored by frenzy or Resist Pain). If reduced
below Incapacitated by this venom, the victim can still crawl but
loses all fine motor control. The victim loses one soak die from his
pool for each level of Malleate damage currently active. Malleate
damage can be healed like any other form of aggravated damage,
and the Gifts: Resist Toxin, Thousand Forms and Adaptation
allow Garou to resist the venom's effects.

© Mask Presence (4) — Any possessed character may
purchase this power. The character is able to obscure his
presence from any observers. Although his image still ap-
pears on cameras, anyone in his immediate vicinity is hard-
pressed to notice him at all.

System: The character spends a Willpower point and
tolls Wits + Stealth. Anyone in the area must make a
Willpower check (difficulty 5 + the number of the character's
successes, maximum 10) to notice the character. This power
lasts for the duration of the scene, or until the character
takes some blatantly overt action such as attacking or
moving large objects.

© Matter Weave (4) — Drones and gorgons may take
this power. The character is capable of reshaping matter into
new forms and functions. Drones commonly use this power to
repair damage to structures or patch up imperfections; gorgons
use italmost at their whim, remolding objects into bizarre new
configurations to weaken the Weaver's hold on an area.

System: This power works like the Homid Gift: Re-
shape Object (Werewolf, pg. 134), save that the player
spends Willpower rather than Gnosis.

© Memory Caress (1) — Any possessed character may
take this power. The character's spirit half interferes with the
minds of ordinary people in order to keep the character's
activities secret. Onlookers react to the character in whatever
way they normally would, but their memories of the character
fade once the character has left. This power certainly has its
drawbacks — it's hard to hold down a day job if your boss
forgets you exist whenever you leave the room — but for many
possessed, anonymity is the ultimate defense.

System: The character inspires a form of Delirium
(Werewolf, pg. 192) in human onlookers, but only for the
purposes of determining whether or not they remember the
character. Those immune to the Delirium for whatever
reason are also immune to this power.

© Mind Blast (5) — Fomori and Drones may take this
power. The character can immobilize a target with a bolt of
psychic energy. The victim collapses to the ground, writh-
ing in pain, at the mercy of his assailant.

System: Spend one Willpower point and roll Wits +
Intimidation (difficulty 6). The target must roll Willpower
(difficulty 7) to resist. For every success by which the attacker's
roll exceeds the target's, the target spends one turn immobilized
by wracking pain. Shapeshifters with Rage may spend one Rage
point per turn to take limited action — crawling, speaking, etc.
— but any full actions have their dice pools halved.

Seer san re mers a rrreseren recy aE en mee

Appendix: Powers and Taints

RSE ae a, EE A FD STERN S

¢ Mind Rape (6) — Only fomori possess this power.
The fomor may invade a target's mind and forcibly wrench
information from it. While this does no actual damage, the
victim tends to feel naked and violated for several days
afterwards (and often has a splitting headache to boot).

System: Spend one Willpower point and roll Manipula-
tion + Intimidation (difficulty of the target's Willpower). The
targets may resist witha Willpower roll (difficulty 7). Ifthefomor
manages more successes, she gains information based on the
number of successes in excess of her target's. With one success,
the fomor is privy only to surface thoughts and emotions. With
three successes, the fomor may view thoughts the target thinks
of as "secret." With five or more successes, the fomor discovers
things about the victim that even the victim didn't know.

¢ Natural Weaponry (special) — Fomori, Kami, and
gorgons may take this power. The character manifests natural
weaponry in the form of claws, fangs, horns, or just sharp bony
protrusions. These weapons are not normally retractable; if
the character purchases the Hidden Power Merit or spends
one additional point on the weaponry, she can retract it.

System: Each form of weaponry costs 2 points per die
of damage inflicted. For example, for a fomor character to
have fangs (+1 damage die) and bony protrusions on each
elbow (+1 damage die per elbow), it would cost 6 power
points. The damage inflicted is aggravated.

¢ Nightmare Command (3) — Only fomori may take
this power. The fomor may cause a target to suffer from
horrifying nightmares, depriving the victim of restful sleep.
The fomor may choose to influence the content of the
dreams, or simply let the victim's subconscious do the dirty
work. This power requires complete concentration for as
long as the fomor wishes the dream to continue — if the
fomor is distracted, the power is disrupted and cannot be
used on that target for 24 hours.

System: Roll Manipulation + Empathy (difficulty 7). If
successful, the target is plunged into a series of nightmares
and regains no Willpower for sleeping that night. If this
power is used over the course of several nights, keep track of
the successes as though making an extended check. When
the successes exceed the target's permanent Willpower
score, the target loses a dot of Willpower. This loss can be
"healed" by one week of peaceful rest, or by certain Gifts
(Dreamspeak, Head Games, Fabric of the Mind, etc.).

Note, however, that while a fomor is using this power,
he isn't sleeping either. The effect won't be as pronounced
on the fomor as on the victim, but over time, the fomor will
begin to feel the effects of sleep deprivation (difficulties
should increase, attention span lags, etc.)

¢ Peaceful Fighting (1) — Drones and Kami may
purchase this power. The character is able to fight with her
full strength without permanently damaging her opponents.
Kami use this power out of mercy; Drones out of a desire to
avoid any major disruptions.

System: This power can be activated or deactivated at
will. The character fights normally, but any health levels of

115


damage she inflicts will last only for the remainder of the
scene. Her target heals completely when the scene is over.
If the character deals a number of health levels of damage in
one blow equal to her opponent's Stamina, her target falls
unconscious and awakens at the end of the scene (or if
actively awoken by an ally).
* Piercing Gaze (1) —Kami may purchase this power.
The Kami is able to make anyone it looks at feel uncomfort-
able and ill at ease, as if the Kami is staring directly into her
soul. This power is usually used to drive away trespassers,
although it can serve as an excellent aid to interrogation.
System: The player rolls Perception + Intimidation, diffi-
culty of the target's Willpower. The target suffers a +2 difficulty
toall Willpowerrolls for one turn for each of the Kami'ssuccesses.
¢ Plant Animation (3) —Gorgonsand Kami may take this
power. The character is able to animate plants, causing trees,
vines, shrubsand the like tomove in waysnormally denied them.
A tree can strike or even constrict opponents with its branches,
vines can entangle and even grasses can catch at a foe's feet.
System: The cost of activating this power varies; ani-
mating a set of bushes costs 1 Gnosis, a small tree is 2 Gnosis,
and a large tree (or stand of smaller trees, or large swath of
scrub or other vegetation) costs 3 Gnosis. Characters with-
out Gnosis may substitute Willpower, but the cost rises by an
extra point. Plants possess one to three points of Dexterity
and one to 10 points of Strength depending on their size and

116

Possessed

Yai a

flexibility; a patch of grass would have only Strength 1,
while a large tree would have Strength 8-10.

¢ Plant Kinship (1) —Kami may purchase this power. This
power allows the Kami to communicate with plant life, albeit
very little information can be gleaned from the average plant.

System: This power's effects are automatic. Note that
plants will be unable to relate any information other than
things that directly affected them within a day or so (such as
"animal under me when sun still out"). However, if a plant's
spirit has been awakened (with the appropriate rite or power)
the plant has the perceptive abilities and pseudo-sentience of
any Gaffling, making it a much more reliable witness.

* Pliant Bones (2) — Fomori, Kami, and gorgons may
take this power. The character's bones can become soft and
malleable, allowing her to squeeze through small openings
like a rat. The character can also wriggle free of bonds and
restraints, given time.

System: Roll Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6). Suc-
cess allows the character to squeeze through openings as small
as 1/20th the circumference of her body (meaning a human
being could fit through a quarter-sized hole) or to squeeze out
of handcuffs, ropes, and the like. Failure means the power fails
to operate for a variable amount of time (Storyteller's discre-
tion). A botch means the character is stuck and must make
additional rolls to dislodge herself (at +2 difficulty).

|


* Poison (3) — Fomori, gorgons and Kami may pur-
chase this power. The character is capable of injecting
poison into a foe, whether through venom glands or poison-
ous body fluids such as saliva.

System: The character must inflict at least one health
level of damage on a successful attack of the appropriate
nature and spend a Willpower point. The venom inflicts an
additional number of health levels of aggravated damage
equal to the attacker's Stamina + 2; this venom is soaked
separately, if the target is capable of soaking aggravated
damage. The Gift: Resist Toxin negates this damage. The
poison cannot affect the undead or non-animal targets.

© Poison Tumors (3) — Fomori may purchase this
power. The fomor's body is covered with odd tumors filled
with caustic pus, usually of some repugnant color and smell.

System: Whenever the fomor is struck with a sharp
weapon such as claws or blades, the pus from the tumors
splatters the attacker, burning him. The attacker must imme-
diately soak three dice of aggravated damage (if capable of
soaking aggravated damage, of course); ifthe attacker actually
bites the fomor, the damage increases to five dice. If the attack
came froma melee weapon, the attacker may make a reflexive
Dexterity roll to avoid the flying pus and suffer no damage.
Ranged weapons splatter the attacker only if standing within
six feet, in which case he is entitled to the same reflexive
Dexterity roll. At the Storyteller's discretion, anyone in close
combat with the fomor (particularly grappling him) may run
the risk of being splattered with the pus.

¢ Reassuring Presence (3) — Fomori and Drones may
take this power. The character may change his appearance to
match whatever person the greatest number of onlookers at
any given time would respect and listen to. At the scene of a
traffic accident, the character would take the form of a traffic
cop; in the halls of a corporation, the character seems to be a
simple employee. Although this power may seem weak, a
clever fomor or Drone can use it to go almost anywhere and
obtain limited cooperation from almost anyone.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Leadership,
difficulty 7 (9 if the majority of onlookers are supernatural,
such as at a caern). Success indicates that the character's
appearance shifts to that of the most appropriate authority
figure or peer that onlookers would expect. The shift isa subtle
one, and as long as the character doesn't shapeshift while
several people are looking directly at him, onlookers react to
the change as if they just noticed the "arrival" of the character
in his new form. The character cannot take any specific form
("a policeman" is possible, but "Officer Susan Delmonte" is
not), and cannot select the "most appropriate" form (the
Storyteller decides what is appropriate). Once selected, the
form cannot be changed for the duration of the scene; fomori
with this power may revert to their original form at will, but
Drones retain the form for the full scene's duration.

¢ Regeneration (5/7) — Any character may take this
power, except Drones, who naturally possess a similar ability.
The character regenerates damage almost immediately, in the

eee aan acto eda

Sm ae Us ELT PEE Nes meme

Appendix: Powers and Taints

same manner as a werewolf. However, unless the character is
also gifted with Rage, she can only heal while at rest.

System: Regeneration costs 5 points for Kami and
gorgons and 7 for fomori. The character heals level of one
bashing or lethal damage per turn of rest. If the character
also possesses the Berserker power, she can roll Stamina
(difficulty 8) to regenerate in combat, just as Garou do.

© Sanity Rending (4) — Fomori and gorgons may take
this power. The character is capable of bending the minds of
those that meet its gaze — bending them to the breaking point.

System: The character spends a Willpower point and
tolls Charisma + Intimidation, resisted by the target's Will-
power. Success inflicts a mental disorder of some sort on the
target (see the Taint: Derangement for a few ideas). The
disorder lasts for one day per success if the victim is Garou
or another supernatural; if the victim is human, the disorder
is permanent unless cured.

If the character also possesses the Horror power, he may
use Sanity Rending as a reflexive action on anyone affected
by the Delirium he broadcasts. There is no Willpower cost
to use Sanity Rending in this fashion; however, the charac-
ter can use Sanity Rending only once on any given target.

© Season's Blessings (1) — Only Kami may take this
power. The Kami can bring the effects of a particular season
toan area: leaves may fall from trees if Autumn's Blessings are
invoked, while a Kami attuned to winter may call a snowfall.

System: To invoke the effects of a season, the player must
roll Charisma + Primal-Urge, difficulty 7; the more successes,
the more dramatic the effects of the season can be. Five
successes allow the Kami to induce dangerous effects such as
heatstroke (summer) and frostbite (winter) in intruders. The
Kami is also particularly attuned to people who are in a stage of
life spiritually tied to the appropriate season, and can detect
them with a Perception + Enigmas roll; spring Kami can detect
children, winter Kami can detect those near the end of their life
cycle, and so on. This power can be bought more than once, to
allow the Kami to project the blessings of multiple seasons.

© Self-Immolation (5) — Fomori and Kami (those tied
to fire elementals) may take this power. The character can
immolate herself, becoming a walking bonfire. The flames
do not harm the character, but damage everything the
character touches, with all the attendant risks (exploding
ammunition, burning buildings, and the like).

System: The player spends one Willpower and rolls
Stamina + Occult, difficulty 7. The flames inflict three
health levels of fire damage on anything they contact
(difficulty 9 to soak, presuming the victim is able to soak fire
damage). The effect lasts for one turn per success.

¢ Sense Gaia (2) — Fomori and Kami may take this
power. The character can sense manifestations of Gaia in
the nearby area — Gaian shapeshifters, spirits and the like.

System: This power requires active concentration and
a Perception + Occult roll. The difficulty depends on the
strength and concentration of the "scent;" a werewolf would
be difficulty 6, while a powerful Kami would be difficulty 4.

117

reeeenaties.


omens wearin erence OAM ANI TT a EMER search

a OA

© Shadowplay (4) — Fomori, gorgons and Kami may
purchase this power. The character can manipulate local
shadows, drawing them together into an area of darkness.
The character can always see in his own shadows.

System: The player rolls Wits + Stealth; the effects last
for one turn per success, although the expenditure of a
Willpower point will extend the duration for the entire
scene. The total radius of effect cannot exceed 15 yards. Use
of this power may grant significant bonuses to Intimidation
and Stealth rolls, at the Storyteller's discretion.

© Silent Speech (2) — Drones and Kami may take this
power. The character is able to communicate without speech,
speaking to individuals mind-to-mind. This power bypasses all
language barriers, although the character cannot communicate
in this fashion with creatures without language unless using
another power to do so (such as Spirit Gift: Beast Speech).

System: This power's effects are automatic, although
the character must win a contested Willpower roll to speak
to anyone who doesn't want to listen. This power does not
allow the character to read another person's thoughts; the
communication is two-way only if the other person is
actively trying to make her thoughts heard. Each person
involved ina Silent Speech conversation hears the charac-
ter speak in the language most familiar to the listener.

© Size (4/6) —Fomori, gorgons and Kami may take this
power. While the Bulky power represents a particularly
massive specimen of the host body type, this represents
dramatic and permanent shifts in a character's size.

System: Each size level adds or subtracts one health
level to the amount of damage the character can withstand,
as well as adding or subtracting one point each of Strength
and Stamina. Characters with two levels of size add or
subtract one from their opponent's difficulties to spot or hit
them (larger targets are easier, of course); characters with
three levels add or subtract two. The Storyteller may require
characters with unusually large or small host bodies (such as
a gorgon rhino or Kami hawk) to purchase this power.
Cost Effect

4 Noticeably larger (horse, tiger) or smaller (poodle,
housecat, barracuda) than human.
6 Considerably larger (rhino, great white shark, small
tree) or smaller (mouse, pigeon) than human.
¢ Skinchanger Kinship (1) — Only Kami may take
this power, although Storytellers may allow a fomor to
possess Black Spiral Dancer Kinship. This power represents
agreat spiritual connection toand friendship with one of the
Changing Breeds. The most common version of this power
is Garou Kinship (since the other Breeds have fallen into
decline), buta Kami may possess Kinship to any shapechanger
race, even Ratkin or Ananasi.
System: The Kami effectively has a Pure Breed of 3
where the relevant Changing Breed is concerned.
© Skinshift (4) — Fomori, gorgons and Kami may pur-
chase this power. The possessed character may alter the appear-

ance of his flesh, quickly and fluidly taking on the features and
body shape of an entirely different creature within moments.

System: The character may change its appearance at any
time merely by concentrating for a turn and spending a point
of Willpower. When trying to duplicate the features of a
specific individual, the player must roll Wits + Expression
(with variable difficulty, depending upon the degree of shift
and other factors as determined by the Storyteller) to succeed.
However, the change is alwaysslightly imperfect; a Kami with
alion host might retain his lion's tail in human form, while a
plant-host gorgon might retain bark-like skin or hair like
willow branches. Each change lasts until the next Skinshift.

© Spirit Awakening (1) — Only Kami may purchase this
power. The Kami is able to awaken the spirits of animals, plants
or inanimate objects by singing or playing music for them.

System: This power works much as the Rite of Spirit
Awakening (Werewolf, pg. 161), save that the Kami rolls
Charisma + Performance, and can awaken the spirit in a
number of turns equal to 10 - the Kami's successes.

© Spirit Gift (Gift level +1) —All possessed charactersmay
take this power. With Storyteller permission, the character can
learn any appropriate Gift presented in Werewolf and develop it
as his own power. The Gift must have something to do directly
with the character's purpose; for instance, a Drone couldn't take
Create Element under any circumstances, but Sense Prey might
be appropriate for a gorgon with a predator host.

System: The cost is equal to the level of the Gift +1.
The system works as described for the individual Gift

118 Possessed

J aati a Sr ae ce

L


purchased. This power does not negate the need for Rage or
Gnosis if a Gift calls for either. For instance, agorgon cannot
use Breath of the Wyld (which requires a Gnosis roll) unless
the gorgon has also purchased the Spirit Ties power (giving
a possessed character a Gnosis score).

Common Gift choices include:

Fomori: Curse of Hatred, Foaming Fury, Odious Aroma,
Toxic Claws, Visceral Agony

Drones: Control Simple Machine, Diagnostics, Persuasion

Gorgons: Adaptation, Beastmind, Breath of the Wyld,
Camouflage

Kami: Beast Life, Beast Speech, King of the Beasts,
Mother's Touch

© Spirit Kinship (3) — Any possessed character may
purchase this power. The character has powerful ties to the
spirits of his kind, and may even call on them in times of danger.
Fomoriare tied to Banes, Drones callon Weaver-spirits, gorgons
may invoke Wyldlings and Kami usually summon elementals.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Manipulation + Expression, difficulty of the character's
Autonomy + 1. Each success summons one Gaffling of the
appropriate type, which will arrive on the following turn.
The spirits will attempt to assist the possessed character as
they see fit, which might work at cross-purposes with the
character's actual desires — Banes may strike to torture and
kill rather than capture, for instance.

¢ Spirit Rending (6) — Only fomori may take this
power. The fomor must have the powers Berserker and Spirit
Sense. Fomori with this power can use their Rage to strike
out against spirits across the Gauntlet and feed on their
energies. Of course, a fomor who misjudges her quarry might
be in for a fatal surprise.

System: The fomor must first "peek" across the Gauntlet
with Spirit Sense to find prey. Once a spirit is sighted, the fomor
rolls Rage against the Gauntlet rating, resisted at the same
difficulty by the attacked spirit's Willpower. Any successes rolled
by the fomor in excess of the spirit's roll subtract Essence from the
spirit on a one-for-one basis. Every two points of Essence bled
from a spirit restore one point of temporary Willpower or Gnosis
(if the fomor has Spirit Ties) to the fomor, up to her usual limit
(although the fomor may continue attacking the spirit even after
her pool is full). A fomor may use Spirit Rending as many times
in a given scene as he has dots of Rage. Only true spirits may be
attacked with this Power; shapechangers and other half-spirit
creatures wandering the Umbra are immune.

© Spirit Sense (2) — Any possessed character may
purchase this power. The character is able to see across the
Gauntlet, watching the occurrences in the local Penumbra.
Fomori with this power often have their eyes strangely
altered, and many slowly go mad from all they see.

System: The player spends one Willpower and rolls
Perception against the local Gauntlet rating to see into the
Penumbra. The character can also spend one Willpower to
be able to identify werewolves and other shapeshifters for

Sense eaeeren reese cree

the duration of a scene; any such creature appears with its
Crinos form overlaid like an afterimage. Fomori who possess
this power can also automatically sense Wyrm-servants.

© Spirit Static (3) —Only Drones may purchase this power,
which works much like the spirit Charm of the same name. The
Drone may temporarily increase the Gauntlet in his immediate
vicinity, limiting the powers of the Weaver's enemies.

System: The player expends one point of Willpower to
raise the Gauntlet by one; the effects last fora scene. The raised
Gauntlet doesn't necessarily affect Weaver-granted powers
(such as the Drone variation on the Step Sideways power).

© Spirit Ties (varies) — Any character may take this
power. The character has an innate connection to the spirit
world and may use fetishes and talens.

System: Cost for this power is 1 for Kami, 2 for gorgons,
3 for fomori and 4 for Drones. The character begins with one
dot of Gnosis and may purchase more for two freebies each.
This power does not confer the ability to enter the Umbra,
however (see the Power: Step Sideways).

© Stasis Cocoon (5) — Fomori, Drones, and Kami may
take this power. The character cocoons herself in a hardened
shell while her metabolism slows to a state of suspended
animation. Cocooned characters do not age and can remain
alive without food, water, or even air almost indefinitely.

System: Creating a cocoon requires at least ten minutes of
undisturbed concentration, one point of permanent Will-
power, and a successful Stamina + Survival roll (difficulty 6).
Each success gives the finished chrysalis one soak die against
bashing or lethal damage and one health level (if the character
has the Power: Armored Hide, these dice are also added to the
cocoon's soak pool). Unless the character specifies a time limit
for his cocoon, it only releases him from suspended animation
if it is breached (i.e. all health levels lost). If a cocoon has a
predetermined lifespan, it hatches open and awakensits creator
once this duration has expired. Each month spent in a Stasis
Cocoon automatically restores one point of temporary Will-
power and heals a level of damage (normal or aggravated).

© Stasis Touch (4) —Withasingle touch, the character
can rob his opponents of the ability to shift their form. This
power is most common among Drones, as the manifestation
of their ultimate ties to order and conformity. However, at the
Storyteller's discretion, fomori or Kami might possess this
power as well (although obviously with a less Weaverish
bent). Gorgons may never purchase this power.

System: The character must first touch his target; the
player then makes a Willpower roll opposed by his target's
Gnosis (in the case of shapechanging creatures without
Gnosis, such as vampires, substitute Willpower - 3. Each
success over and above the target's successes removes the
target's shapechanging powers for two turns.

© Step Sideways (5) — The character (who may be of
any of the four types) must have the Spirit Ties power in order
to purchase this power. The character gains the ability to step
into the Umbra, much as Garou do. Possessed characters with
this power may not lead others into the Umbra, however.

Appendix: Powers and Taints 119

RR as a i —


at eR RE PRR RETR ETO Prana arch

System: The ability to step sideways is permanent. Roll
Gnosis (difficulty of the local Gauntlet) to step into the
Umbra. Drones are the exception; they can step sideways
more easily in areas where the Gauntlet is strongest (as the
Weaver-spirit inhabiting them parts the webs of the Gaunt-
let). Simply "reverse" the chart on page 225 of Werewolf,
ive., a science lab would be difficulty 2, whereas a drone
trying to step sideways at a caern would have a hard time of
it (difficulty 7 or higher).

© Succubus' Veil (6) — Fomori and gorgons may take
this power; it is the signature power of the Enticers, and very
appropriate to Nereids. The character can appear as a target's
ideal mate, and with a gesture, beckon him to her side.
Successful use of this power indicates that the target is so
completely enthralled by the character that he will do anything
reasonable to please her. (No matter how completely an
Enticer entrances a Garou, she cannot force him to attack his
packmates. She can, however, make two Garou jealous enough
to start fighting over her, but this requires manipulation, not
further application of this power.) Alternately, the character
may activate this power to entrance anyone who lays eyes on
her, although this "blanket entrancement" is much less potent.

System: The player spends one Willpower point and rolls
Appearance + Subterfuge (difficulty of the target's Willpower,
or 6 if using the "blanket entrancement"). The target must find
the character at least moderately sexually attractive; a male
Enticer won't be able to seduce a purely heterosexual male with
this power, for instance. If the roll succeeds, the target falls in
love with the character and will obey any reasonable com-
mands she gives. If the roll fails, the target simply finds the
character extremely attractive (all difficulties to use Sense
Wyrm or similar Gifts on the character go up by 1). If the roll
botches, the target senses something very wrong with the
character, and the character may not attempt to entrance that
target again for one day. When using Succubus' Veil ona single
target, the character can choose to make an extended roll,
rolling once per scene. If the character's total successes reach
(target's Willpower x 2), the target is completely subservient to
the character and will fulfill any request, even if it involves
attacking another pack member or something equally heinous.

Succubus' Veil lasts for one scene unless the character
maintains it.

¢ Taint Suppression (2 per die) — Fomori, Kami, and
gorgons may take this power. The fomor can briefly negate
the effects of any of his Taints. Suppressed physical deformi-
ties heal back to unmarred flesh in seconds; derangements
vanish in a burst of perfect clarity, etc. Use of this power is
extremely addictive, especially for once-beautiful fomori.

System: The player must spend one Willpower point
and roll one die for every two points spent for this power; the
difficulty is the point cost of the targeted Taint + 2 (mini-
mum difficulty of 4). Success completely suppresses the
Taint for the remainder of the scene. A botchon this roll can
make the targeted Taint immune to further suppression
attempts or cause the fomor to develop a completely new

12

a

Taint (Storyteller's discretion). A fomor may suppress mul-
tiple Taints simultaneously, but the Taint costs are added
together to determine the difficulty of using this power.

¢ Tar Baby (3) — Fomori may take this power, as may
gorgons or Kami with appropriate host bodies. The character's
skin or "flesh" is made of a thick, sticky substance like molasses
or tar. Anything that comes into forceful contact with the skin
sticks to it like a fly on flypaper; slow, deliberate contact such
as donning clothes doesn't activate the adhesive qualities.

System: This power is always active. Anyone striking
the character in brawling combat gets stuck to the character,
as if successfully grappled. The opponent may not use
whatever limb is stuck to the character unless he makes a
resisted Strength roll versus the character's Stamina +3 to
escape. If the character is hit by a melee weapon, he may
make a reflexive resisted Strength roll to wrest the now-
stuck weapon from the attacker's hands.

¢ Thick-Skinned (4) — All possessed characters may take
this Power. The character has an additional outer layer or layers
of covering that provides supernatural protection against injury.
The style of protection varies with the individual possessed;
Drones simply experience an imperceptible hardening of the
skin, while gorgons often manifest this Power in a number of
different ways, ranging from highly dense flesh toa layer of scales.

System: Upon acquisition of this power, the character
gains an additional Bruised health level which may be added to
the player's character sheet (simply draw in another box next
to the onealready listed). The listed cost for this Power assumes
that this extra protection is not outwardly manifest; i.e., the
character may still pass for normal in public. With Storyteller
permission, this cost may be reduced by two if the player opts
to make his thick skin (or shell, or hide, or what have you)
outwardly apparent. This Power may be taken a number of
times equal to the character's unmodified Stamina rating.

¢ Transformation (3/5) — Only Kami may take this
power. The Kamiiscapable of limited but flawless shapeshifting.

System: The three-point version of this power allows the
Kami to take one specific alternate form (a red-tailed hawk,
agranite boulder, a willow tree); the five-point version allows
the Kami to change to any member of aselect group (humans,
felines, trees, spiders). This power may be taken multiple
times, to allow shapeshifting into unrelated forms. Shifting
forms takes a full turn, but no roll is necessary.

© Triatic Scent (2) — Fomori, Drones and gorgons
may take this power. The character is capable of masking its
"true scent" by drawing on the power of a rival Triatic entity.

System: The player selects a "dummy scent" and rolls
Manipulation + Occult, difficulty 8. Each success adds one to
the difficulty of detecting the character with the relevant
Gift; a fomor becomes harder to spot with Sense Wyrm, and
so on. Glass Walkers may pierce a Weaver-aspected dummy
scent with normal difficulty, Red Talons may pierce a false
Wyld-scent similarly, and Black Spiral Dancers can penetrate
afalse Wyrm-stink in the same way. Otherwise, the character
detects as an entity of the appropriate dummy allegiance.

Possessed

ace


¢ Triatic Sense (2) — All possessed characters may take
this Power. The character has an ability to sense the relative
strength of any of the Triat in her immediate vicinity.

System: This power operates much like the metis Gift
Sense Wyrm, but can be applied to any orall Triatic energies
at the user's discretion. The player rolls Perception + Oc-
cult; the difficulty depends upon the strength and concen-
tration of Triatic influence in the area. At the Storyteller's
discretion, additional successes could mean more concrete
information imparted through use of this tower.

© Universal Tongue (4) — Only Kami may take this
power. The character can speak with and understand any
living creature.

System: The effects are permanent.

¢ Unnatural Strength (6) — Any character can take
this power. The character's muscles ripple with unnatural
development, making the character seem almost the prod-
uct of heavy steroid use.

System: This power adds four dots to the character's
Strength. This power cannot be taken in addition to En-
hanced Attribute: Strength.

¢ Veil Breach (5) — Fomori and gorgons can take this
power. Characters with this Power can reach into a human's
mind and tear out the slivers of consciousness susceptible to
the Delirium. Such invasive "psychic surgery" predisposes
its victims to madness, but makes otherwise normal humans
capable of interacting with (or even fighting) Garou with-
out succumbing to immediate panic. Use of this power
requires direct eye contact with the subject.

System: The player spends one Willpower point and rolls
Manipulation + Empathy (difficulty of the target's Willpower).
Each success immunizes the target from the deleterious effects
of the Delirium for one turn. If the player rolls five or more
successes, the immunity lasts for a full day, although many
individuals who receive such "blessings" go mad.

* Voice of Reason (3) — Only Drones may purchase
this power. The character's voice becomes a strange, seduc-
tive monotone, lulling listeners into a state of hypnotic calm.

System: Those listening to the Drone must make Will-
power or Rage rolls (whichever they prefer), difficulty of the
Drone's Manipulation + Expression, or be lulled into a state of
quiet acquiescence. The hypnotic state is instantly broken if
the target is harmed, but the subject is otherwise quite suscep-
tible to suggestion. This power can be used to calm a target out
of frenzy; the Drone must win a Manipulation + Expression roll
contested by the target's Willpower to end a frenzy.

* Voice of the Wyrm (4) — Only fomori may take this
power. The fomor's tongue has been altered into strange form:
possibly thick and slug-like, possibly long and forked, possibly
even transmuted into a mass of tendrils. The fomor may speak
as normal, and may also speak in the Wyrm's own language.

System: When the fomor chants a section of the Dark
Litany, all those in hearing range must make successful
Willpower rolls, difficulty 8, or lose half their Gnosis (fig-

en

Appendix: Powers and Taints

ured from the permanent rating). Wyrm-servants are im-
mune to this effect, and the power can affect any given
victim only once per scene, whether successful or not. The
fomor also gains an obscene lick attack, inflicting two dice
of unsoakable aggravated damage.

© Wall Walking (4) — Any possessed character may
purchase this power. The character can run up sheer surfaces
like a spider, as easily as if he were on level ground.

System: No roll is normally required. The Story-
teller may require a Dexterity + Athletics roll in more
strenuous circumstances: combat, icy or slippery surfaces,
and so on. Near-frictionless surfaces such as wet ice
cannot be climbed at all.

© Webbing (5) — Any character may purchase this
power, which allows for the creation of webs to bind fallen
foes, seal off openings or even lower oneself from a great
height. The power may take many forms according to the
character. Fomori might spin gouts of foul-smelling adhe-
sive from unclean glands, while Kami and gorgons might
produce more "natural" silken webbing, and Drones weave
plastic-like, artificial-seeming strands to bind their foes.

System: The webbing is extremely sticky and strong,
with six soak dice (and may soak all forms of damage) and
three health levels. Those caught by the webbing's adhesive
coating must succeed at a resisted Strength roll against the
web's Strength of 8 to escape. The webbing is translucent
enough to be difficult to see in shadowy or dark areas (Percep-
tion + Alertness roll to spot at a distance, difficulty 7).

Tatolt

Fomori, gorgons, and Kami may balance powers with
Taints. Taints are tolls that the spirit takes on the host's body,
but they vary widely between the three types of possessed.
Fomori, for example, receive Taints as a result of the Banes
inside them reshaping their bodies, whether out of spite, or
just to make the Banes feel more at home. Gorgons develop
Taints as a result of the Wyld energies that course through
them, while Kami look at their infirmities less as "Taints" and
more as "responsibilities to Gaia" — the spirits inside them
don't curse them with such things to be cruel.

Unless otherwise noted, each other following Taints
may be taken by fomori, gorgons or Kami (sometimes at a
different point value). Note that Drones cannot take Taints
under any circumstance.

¢ Addiction (1-5) — Any character may purchase this
Taint. The character a need he must fulfill, whether physi-
cal (heroin), mental (random violence) or mystical (sacri-
fice to a given entity). How often he must feed this habit
determines how many points he receives for the Taint.

System: Choose a cycle from the chart below. The
character must indulge his Addiction at least once during
that time period, or else he is wracked by pain and suffers a
one-die penalty to all actions. For each cycle that passes

1

12
a


without feeding the habit, the penalty increases by one die.
If the penalty ever exceeds the character's Stamina, he dies.
Points Cycle

i Once per month

2 Once every two weeks (some mystically-oriented

characters may clock this by moon phase)

3 Once per week

4 Once per day

5 Once per hour

¢ Bane Attractor (3) — Fomori, gorgons and Kami
may all take this Taint. Banes hate the character and come
to see him about it.

System: The character always draws the attention of
local Banes, and they are always offended by his presence.
Unless occupied with something considerably more impor-
tant, the Banes abandon their tasks to come harass the
character. They cannot possess the character, but may
interfere or even attack in whatever other way possible.
Garou may also be drawn to characters with this Taint,
coming to see what the fuss is about.

© Derangement (3/2/1) —This Taint is more appropri-
ate to fomori and gorgons, although Kami may take it as well.
The character is insane. This can be true insanity, or simply
away of looking at things so alien that it impedes her function
in the world (which is usually the case with gorgons and Kami
who exhibit this Taint). Some possibilities are listed below:

Amnesia: Your life before possession is a blur. This
makes it harder to hold on to Autonomy, as you don't have
many memories anchoring your to your humanity.

Delusions of Grandeur: You are important. Why else
would you have been given this honor? Anyone challenging
your "chosen" status (which they can do by refusing to
follow your orders) is met with harsh words at best.

Hallucinations: Maybe you're actually seeing spirits,
maybe the visions are just fabrications of your tortured mind,
but whatever the truth, you see things that others cannot.
The Storyteller may require Willpower rolls to see if youcan
tell the difference, and even when a hallucination is obvi-
ously not real, it's still distracting as hell.

Homicidal: Nothing is quite so satisfying as feeling life
end beneath your claws. You do not take prisoners in
combat, even if ordered to, and you show no mercy to foes.

Manic: You go after everything you want with everything
you have. Temperance isameaningless concept to you. You must
spend Willpower on any roll with a difficulty higher than six. If
you lose all of your temporary Willpower (which in itself carries
risks to your Autonomy), you "burn out" and suffer a +2 to all
difficulties until you can sleep or otherwise regain Willpower.

Multiple Personalities: Although only one spirit can
possess a body at once, you have several voices inside you.
Perhaps the possessed part of you is separate from the original

122

a ——

part, maybe your personality has just fragmented into pieces.
Either way, each persona has the same statistics, powers,
Taints, and Autonomy; they simply have different personali-
ties, histories, and outlooks (which the player should detail).

Obsession: Something haunts you. You must pursue it.
It might be an enemy that you want to destroy, an artifact
you want to find, or nearly anything else.

Paranoia: They're out to get you. You know it. If you
could just identify them, you could get them first...

Sadism/Masochism: You either love to inflict pain on
others or suffer pain yourself.

System: The first Derangement a character purchases
is worth 3 points. The second is worth 2, the third only one.
The character can clear his head somewhat by spending
Willpower, but only for a turn.

© Fading (5) — The character grows more out of touch
with physical reality with each passing day. She is tied to
some greater spiritual entity (making this a very appropriate
Taint for characters with the Consecrated Background) and
will someday merge with it. Most possessed beings instinc-
tively know this. Kami find it reassuring that they will
someday join the ranks of their spiritual patron. Fomori are
often terrified at the prospect.

System: Once per day, roll Autonomy (difficulty 6).
Success means the character's mind remains intact (oras intact
as it was). Failure means the character losesa point of temporary
Autonomy and a point of temporary Willpower. If the roll
botches, the character loses a dot of permanent Willpower.

¢ Harsh Tenant (3/4) — Your tenant doesn't like to lose
—ever. Whenever you fail spectacularly, it makes its displeasure
known by afflicting you with wracking pain and terrible wounds.

System: Every time you botch a roll, the character
suffers one health level of unsoakable lethal damage. With
the 4-point version of this Taint, the damage is considered
aggravated. Although injuries caused by this taint are often
gruesomely visible (spontaneous lacerations, bleeding from
the eyes, etc.), the wounds can occasionally manifest inter-
nally as ruptured organs or fractured bones.

© Infested (3/4/5) — The character is infested with
insects or worms. The character might view herself as their
protector or mother, or might be repulsed by the living
things crawling through her body, but the end result is the
same. The creatures must eat, and if they aren't fed, they will
feed on the character's body. In some cases, there isn't a way
to feed them, and so they must be purged daily.

System: The player should decide what the nasty little
creatures look like, as they will occasionally worm their way to the
surface and crawl out of the character's skin. The character must
"eat for two", consuming twice as much food daily as she would
normally. If she does not, she suffers an unsoakable level of
damage daily until she does. This damage is considered lethal for
purposes of healing. (This effect alone is worth 3 points.) If the

Possessed

tintin / /

|


creatures eat something typically inedible to the character (wood
or chunks of bone, perhaps), the character must eat at least eight
ounces of that material every day or suffer the consequences (4
points). If the infestation feeds only on the character's own body,
she must purge the creatures daily so that they don't multiply
enough to eat her to death. This normally requires self-induced
vomiting (this version of the Taint is worth 5 points).

¢ Spirit Reflection (4) —Fomori and gorgonscan take
this Taint. Whenever you look into a reflective surface, you
see your tenant leering back at you. It might look like a
monster gripping your back or maddening burst of chaos and
light, but regardless of its form, the sight of your spirit half
fills you with terror. You can always close your eyes or avert
your gaze, but its difficult to know when the next shiny
object will plunge you a step closer to madness.

System: Upon so much as glimpsing his reflection, a
character with this Taint must roll Willpower (difficulty 7) or
lose a point of temporary Willpower. A botch leaves the
character catatonic for 5 turns minus his Witsrating (minimum
of 1 turn). In cases of extended viewing, the possessed character
should re-roll each turn he spends looking into a mirror.

* Teledementia (5) — Only fomori may purchase this
Taint. The character receives telepathic input from everyone
within several miles. This includes animals, children, ghosts —
basically anything within any degree of sentience. However,
Teledementia confers no useful information. The character is
simply bombarded by a never-ending barrage of negative
emotion — pain, fear, doubt, anger, etc. Such fomori tend to
believe that the world is a twisted, horrible place and have no
compunctions about putting people "out of their misery."

System: This Taint has several effects. For one thing, the
character is easily distracted. His initiative rating is always
lowered by two. Second, the character receives a +2 difficulty to
all Social interaction; he is so preoccupied by the negative
impulses he gets from people that he comes off as angry and
insane (which probably isn't untrue). Finally, the difficulty for
any extended roll is raised by 2; the fomor just can'tconcentrate.

¢ Twisted Healing (3) — Only fomori can purchase
this Taint. Whenever the character heals serious injuries,
her flesh grows back hideously corrupted in some way. It can
be covered in gnarled scar tissue or hardened into a patch of
blackened exoskeleton, but the net effect is the same: each
regenerated wound brings her one step closer to looking and
acting like the monster she truly is.

Appendix: Powers and Taints

_ agai Ea

SS hesisaunoremeanmennsere.resesennsO Ne amine

System: Anytime the character heals lethal or aggra-
vated damage, she gains a monstrous feature at the site of the
injury. Every three monstrous features thus acquired perma-
nently reduce one of her Social Attributes by one.

* Uncontrollable Power (varies) —Fomoriand gorgons
may take this Taint. One (or more) of the character's powers
isn't completely under her control. It "goes off' randomly —
or perhaps the spirit inside her has its reasons.

System: This Taint is tied to one of the character's powers,
and is worth a number of points equal to the cost of the power
-1. Once per day, the power simply activates. The Storyteller
(who can disallow this Taint from being paired with powers that
aren't sufficiently inconveniencing) chooses any specifics. The
character has no control over when this occurs (although she
mightbe able to postpone it by giving upsome Autonomy). This
Taint may not be paired with the Taint Suppression power.

© Urges (3) — Fomori, gorgons and Kami may take this
Taint. The character suffers from one or more uncontrollable
desires which fall outside the realm of normal wants and needs.
These are not Derangements per se, nor are they proper
addictions, as most are simply the manifestations of an accom-
panying spirit's personal ambitions. A completely sane charac-
ter may still suffer from urges, and therein lies the difference.

System: This Taint is often found in gorgons with a
particular "assignment," but it is equally common among
fomori, many of whom are merely slaves to the hunger of their
Banes. Kami urges often manifest themselves as more powerful
geasa, or other behavioral demands. When this Taint is pur-
chased, the player must decide (with Storyteller approval)

what sort of urges his spirit will instill in him. From then on, the
character must roll Willpower (difficulty equal to 12 minus his
Autonomy rating) each time an opportunity to indulge his
urges presents itself, or else drop whatever he is doing and
immediately attempt to satisfy his spirit's desires. A Willpower
point may be spent to halt this blind acquiescence, but only for
a moment. The urge will quickly reassert itself unless the
character can extricate himselffrom the area of the temptation.

© Vulnerability to the Delirium (1) — Only gorgons
and Kami may take this Taint. Forsome reason, the spirit/host
hybrid is affected by the racial memories of humanity, and is
vulnerable to the Delirium just as ordinary humans are.

System: The character cannot take this Taint if her
Willpower is 7 or higher. If her Willpower rises to 7 or higher
with the expenditure of experience points, she must ex-
change this Taint for another Taint of equal or greater value.

123

mare

|

TRIBEBOOK: BLACK FURTES
(REVISED)
WW3851 $14.95

TRIBEBOOK: BONE GNAWERS
(REVISED)
WW3852 $14.95 U.S..S.

The core rulebook of the
game of Savage Horror. Hardcover.

Tribebooks contain vital character inf

main books

WEREWOLF: THE APOCALYPSE (REVISED)
Ww3807
$29.95 US.

WEREWOLF PLAYERS GUIDE SECOND EDITION

All kinds of new rules and
Traits for Werewolf players.

WEREWOLF STORYTELLERS HANDBOOK
WWw3205
$18.00U.S.

All the secrets that Werewolf
Storytellers need to know.

LITANY OF THE TRIBES VOLUME
WW3380 $20.00 U.S.

Combines the Children of Gaia, Bone
Gnawers and Black Furies Tribebooks.

LITANY OF THE TRIBES VOLUME 2
WW3381 $20.00 U.S.
Combines the Get of Fenris, Fianna

and Glasswalkers Tribebooks.

WW3108
$25.00US.

ormation for players and Storytellers.

LITANY OF THE TRIBES VOLUME 3
WW3382 $20.00 U.S.
Combines the Red Talons, Shadowlords

and Silent Striders Tribebooks.

LITANY OF THE TRIBES VOLUME #
WW3383 $22.95 U.S.

Combines the Silver Fangs, Stargazers,
Uk tena and Wend 1g0 Tribebooks.


other supplements

ANANAST
WW3082 $17.95 U.S.

Rules for playing the shapechanging spider-
people of the World of Darkness

ART OF WEREWOLF:
THE APOCALYPSE
WW3803 $14.95 US.

The lavishly illustrated art book that

accompanied the Werewolf limited edition
now available individually.

AXIS MUNDI:

THE BOOK OF SPIRITS
WW3067 $18.00 US.

Details Gaia's family of spirits, from
mighty totems to the Naturae of trees,
stones and rivers

BASTET

WW3075 $18.00 U.S,

The secrets of the elusive werecats
revealed.

BOOK OF THE WEAVER

WW 3209 $19.95 U.S.

Learn the secrets of the most powerful
metnber of the Triat, one of the greatest
forces the Garou know.

BOOK OF THE WYLD
WW3113.$17.95 US.

Explore the source of all creation in this
book detailing the Wyld's awesome power.

BOOK OF THE WYRM
SECOND EDITION

WW3109 $18.00 US.

The cosmic enemy of the Garou revealed.

CHRONICLE OF

THE BLACK LABYRINTH
WW3404 $12.95 US.

A compilation of Wynm lore, collected

from eyewitness accounts throughout the
ages.

CORAX

WW3077 $15.00 US,

This Changing Breed Book details the
society of the wereravens.

CROATAN SONG
WW3112 $17.95 Uss,

Werewolves in Pre-Columbian North
America.

FREAK LEGION: A PLAYERS
GUIDE TO FOMORT

WW3066 $12.00 U.S.

Now you can ae y a fomor, courtesy of
Pentex, Black Dog Game Factory and the
Wyrm! For adults only.

GUARDIANS OF THE CAERNS
WW3212 $15.95 U.S.

The sourcebook about the secret lairs of
werewolves.

GURAHL
WW3079 $17.95 U.S.

The werebears rise from their slumber in

this Changing Breed Book.

HENGEYOKAT:
SHAPESHIFTERS OF THE EAST.
WW 3063 $20.00 U.S,

Witness — and play
of the Far East.

KINFOLK: UNSUNG HEROES
WW3074 $15.00 U.S,

Offers information Lels| ing the mortal
kin of Garou or even the kin of other
Changing Breeds.

— the shapechangers

MOKOLE
WW3081 $19.95 U.S.

Details the werecrocodilians of the World
of Darkness.

NAGAH
WW3084 $19.95 U.S,

NUWISHA

WW3076 $12.00 U.S.

Spotlights the werecoyotes, tricksters par
excellence.

RAGE ACROSS EGYPT
WW3114 $17.95 US.

RAGE ACROSS THE HEAVENS
WW3110 $19.95 U.S.

A book about Garou prophecies and
celestial influences, acta the greater
forces at work in the Umbral skies and
providing many heavenly Gifts.

RAGE ACROSS THE WORLD
VOLUMET

WW3069 $20.00 U.S.

Combines Caerns: Places of Power and
Rage Actoss Russia.

RAGE ACROSS THE WORLD
VOLUME 3

WW3071 $18.00 U.S.

Combines Rage Across New York and
Rage Across the Amazon.

RATKIN
WW 3080 $19.95 US.
The Ratkin take their rightful place

among the werebeasts with this Changing
Breed Book.

ROKEA

WW3083 $17.95 US.

A complete reference to the savage and
eadly weresharks:

THE STLVERRECORD
WW3210 $14.95 U.S.

The fabled account of Garou origins.
Tradeback.

SUBSIDIARTES:
AGUIDETO PENTEX
WW3211 $17.95 US.
The divisions of the
conglomerate revealed.

UMBRA(REVISED)
WW3111 $19.95 U.S.

A essential guide to the spirit world of
the Garou.

WEREWOLF: THE DARK AGES
WW3800 $21.95 U.S.

Rule for playing medieval shapechangets. A
crossover with Vampire: The Dark Ages.

WEREWOLF CHRONICLES
VOLUMET

WW 23207 $15.00 US.

Combines Werewolf: Rite of Passage and
Valkenberg Foundation.

WEREWOLF CHRONICLES
VOLUME2

WW 3208 $15.00 U.S.
Combines Ways of the Wolf and
Monkeywrench! Pentex.

AWORLD OF RAGE
WW3213 $19.95 US.
Updates players and an on the

struggle of Garou across the globe.

WEREWOLF STORYTELLERS
COMPANION
WW3802 $14.95 US.
The essential screen and resource
book for Werewolf Storytellers.

n's industrial

for more information visit us online:

Se et

www.white-wolf.com

Se end SSeS

WoUr

HEAPOCALYPSE
Ce


Worl of

Darfqess:
Mafia™

The Possessed

Players Guide™ for
a
Agocalygse™
«=
Bt See
| tee
f ‘ Heresies of
>} the Way™ for
 dintred of

the East™

Hanter: Fall
from Crace™ for
Hagier:The Beofoning®

What is the
Price of Power?
Money?
Service?
Voor etergal soul?

The Year of the Damyed explores the lengths t0
fief the denizens of the World of Darfness are
arenared 10 go to fulfil their lofty ideals and foul
cravings. Does the end justify the means? Cay any
fiorlily redard he Worthiahile When the Devil de-

mans his die?

2002 is the Year of the Damped. Secretive deals
are sealed, omigols pacts are brohey agd dang forces
descend upon the Earth. Cay the World of Darfyess
gay the ultimate price? Delve into the following books

to find ott!

Ages: i
Inghisitor™ for —

Dar§ Ages:
Vampire™ wy IT:
a

i

Sate a
Grace™ for =
Vampire: The
Masqherade®

Sad % aC VAT

Demon:
The Fallen™

ay Py


presents...

Ne. ee ce,

AIEREW oe

HAP OC: ALYPSE

Qe

wt

me / and more! @
Ax Full-color,

48 page graphic
novels, based on
your favorite

White Wolf
games...
and a few other
wy cool surprises, too!

© Rim

Check us gut at

Wwwamoonsiione books: S¥com

from the ark Side... to ba tight


Name: Type: Nature:

Player Breed Demeanor VA
Chronicle: Host: Concept:
1 vinnie
Phiytloaf Joctaf Mental
Strength. @0000-~ Charisma @0000 Perception @0000
Dexterity. @0000 _ = Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina @0000_= = _ Appearance @0000 3 3s« Wits @0000

Tapeokt Ske Knonfedger
Alertness 00000 Animal Ken 00000 Computer___~ 00000

Athletics 00000. Crafts__— SS OO0000 =Enigmas____——— 00000
Brawl OoooO Drive 00000 Investigation 00000
Dodge OOOO =. Etiquettes == 1. OOO00 slaw. aaa a OOOOO
Empathy. ooooo Firearms OoooO  Linguistics____—~—S<0000
Expression. 00000 Leadership OO0000 Medicine_____————S 9?/0CD0O
Intimidation, OO0000 Melee OQ0O00s Occult = SO OD00
Primal-Urge 00000 Performance 00000 Politics 00000
Streetwise 00000 Stealth ooooo Rituals SOO 000
Subterfuge 00000 Survival___ =~ 90OOO = Science_______———Ss)9 0000

Eackgrouodt Lele Tatokt
OOO00O0
OOO0O0O
OOOO0O
OOO0O0O
OOOO0O
OOOO0O

OOOO0O

———— = Raye Aufonomy 6S C0f I ———nmemtlow

CoVoRe Good OO FCOReU OED Lae
NOOOOODOOO0O OO0O0000000 Injured -1 QO
Wounded -2 QO

<ipitl! VU OKIE P mmm Mauled -2 Q

Crippled 5 QO

OD0D0D0D0D00000 CDODDD000000 jacinae tated Oo

"or QO00000000 OO00000000 per ett mmm

as. 2


: "Spivits Made Flesh 2

The fomori: luckless hosts taken over by the evil spirits of the Wyrm. The
Drones: humans rebuilt by the Weaver into a more "perfect" form of life. The
gorgons: creatures of the wild places, infused with Wyld energy. The Kami: spirit ven.
servants of Gaia given flesh. They are the hands of the greatest powers setto ys
walk the Earth. They are the Possessed.

Your Soul Is No Longer Your Own

ak The Year of the Damned rolls on with Possessed, the definitive Werewolf — ~ ae
é guide to mortals inhabited by the spirits of the Triat and Gaia. Here is full creation th, si
a Ae information on the various shock-troops, infiltrators and servants of Wyrm, ww
rons Weaver, Wyld and Gaia. Stock your chronicle with new antagonists, or even aly
3 accept the devil's bargain and play a possessed character of your own. The choice — oe
; is yours — but once made, there's no turning back. a pt
- Possessed contains Pei :
¢ Detailed information on fomori, Drones, gorgons and Kami, with sample a :
breeds of each ee 2,
e Full character creation rules for ign" te
\ playing possessed characters oR

e Tons of powers, Taints, ; ak
Backgrounds and more

Scanned by

FENRIR
