# File: Pour L'Amour et Liberte - The Book of Houses 2.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

\ (=
ide WAMOURICGILIOGRGC:

lic Doors ouUses
ip ey

Vi

ee Te ET pala fh EL gl
5 Ty


Ka

Dour lAmour ex Lioerce:
The Book of Nouses

SCANNED BY OTHA(

in 300 dpi

For RPGsBookz&Scans

The best hub for Rpgs on DC++


Credics

Written by: Jackie Cassada and Nicky Rea WHITE WOLF
Developed by: Justin Achilli iy
Edited by: Cary Goff

Art Director: Richard Thomas ,

Layout and Typesetting: Ron Thompson Y i
Artists: James Stowe, Drew Tucker and Melissa Uran A R Tf A ys

Front and Back Cover Design: Richard Thomas

What is Arthaus? It's White Wolfs

newest imprint. White Wolfs mission
has always been to create art that enter-
tains ; White Wolf Arthaus is the embodi-
ment of this ideal. Modeled after small
press, the Arthaus team strives to create
those games and projects that are new,
experimental and unique. White Wolf
Arthaus now manages whole game lines,
supports others and creates specialty
projects whenever possible.

739 PARK NORTH BLVD.
B SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

Waite Wotr] USA
GAME STUDIO

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the

publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be

reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension,

World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf
the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West,
Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Pour L'Amour et Liberte The Book of Houses I] and
Noblesse Oblige The Book of Houses are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454- WOLF,

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA

2 The Book of Houses


oe

ANIA A

Dour lAmour ec Liverce:
The Book of Nouses

Contents
Book One: House A\ilil: Shapers of the Endless Wincer 44
Book Tuo: House Leanhaun: By Dreams Afflicted ay

Book Three: House Balor: Born in Darkness

EPS


ts i
eo Siizall mls:

Everybody sees what you seem to be, but few really feel
pose the opinion of the
of the state; for the

what you are; and these few dare not
many, who are protected by the

actions of all men, and especially those of princes, are judged
by the reste, where there is no other judge to whom to appeal

Niccold Machiavelli, The Prince

Honor

Count Declan ap Aili heard the sound of battle
punctuated by the scream of a wounded horse as he rode
toward Lady Arlana's frechold of Silverwood. §

purring
his horse in the direction of the fracas, he hurried toward
the noise, veering from the path and plunging straight
into the woods. The thick undergrowth slowed his horse's
progress, so that the dark-haired knight had ample time
to listen to the clash of swords and the solid thunk of

weapon on shield. Atthe crest of a hill, still a quarter mile

from the battle, Count Declan could just make out the
combatants. A swarm of dark-clothed commoners battled
alone rider, whose superior skill could not surmount the

concerted effort of multiple attackers. Even as he urged

his horse down the brushy incline toward the fight,
Declan knew that he would probably be too late to do
more than pick up the pieces.

@ e@ @


Sir Gannon's opponents struck without warning,
appearing suddenly from the trees that lined the twisting
mountain road. Trained to the ways of war, his steed
reared upward, buying Sir Gannon a few precious sec-
onds in which to draw his sword and gauge his situation.
He counted six attackers, none of them mounted, and felt
a slight surge of hope.

His horse's hooves lashed out at the pair of redcaps
blocking the path from the front, spoiling whatever
maneuvers the gruesome duo had planned. Sir Gannon's
sword, blazing with chimerical energy, slashed a gaping
wound in the arm of a third foe. The knight thrust his
shield outward to block a blow to his off side from a troll's
greataxe. Aware that two more of his assailants remained
unaccounted for, Sir Gannon guided his mount in a
controlled pivot, swinging around to bring hooves and
sword to bear against the enemy at his back.

The grueling dance continued as Sir Gannon fended
off his attackers even as he felt his body succumb to the
relentless assault. In the end, sheer numbers and a lucky
blow prevailed.

Sir Gannon heard a sickening crunch asa solid blow
from one of his rear opponents shattered the left hind leg
of his horse. The knight barely had time to throw himself
free of the animal as it collapsed, screaming. With howls
of triumph, the attackers swarmed the fallen knight. Sir
Gannon felt the numbing chill of cold iron weapons
drawing his spirit from him as he fell into a black well of
nothingness.

e @ @

By the time Declan arrived on the scene, nothing
remained of the battle except for the weary moaning of
a horse too long in agony. Near the fallen animal lay the
battered body of a man, barely alive. The count dis-
mounted and knelt by the man, assessing the damage. His
eyes narrowed as he caught the slight trace of Glamour
still clinging to the body.

"Not quite gone yet," Declan muttered. Passing his
hands over the worst of the man's wounds, Declan wove
a healing cantrip into the tom flesh beneath his fingers,
sealing it against further blood loss. "You'll keep, until a
true healer can tend your wounds and restore you to
yourself," he remarked to the unconscious figure, now
clearly visible as a sidhe.

6 The Book of Houses 2

Declan turned his attention next to the horse, which
lay still, its breath coming in shallow, ragged gasps as its
eyes glazed over with pain. By all rights, he should put the
downed animal out of its misery, but Declan noticed a
spark of Glamour still hovering about the creature,
revealing it as a faerie steed. "I suppose you deserve a
chance as well," Declan said. Once again he summoned
the magic of the fae, this time directing it against the
shattered bones of the horse's broken leg.

When he had finished his ministrations, Declan
returned to the sidhe whose life he had, in all probability,
just saved. This time, he examined the noble's clothing
and accoutrements for indications of his identity and his
business in Lady Arlana's woods. Even had the Dougal
blazon not been visible upon the knight's bloody surcoat,
the lack of two fingers on the warrior's left hand — his
shield hand — marked him as a member of the crafter's
house. Of more interest to Declan, however, was the
sealed parchment concealed in a leather tube marked
with the seal of the Parliament of Dreams. Declan's jaw
clenched; he could guess with some certainty the letter's
contents, given that the anonymous knight had un-
doubtedly been bound for Silverwood. Replacing the
unopened missive in its container, Declan pocketed the
tube and set about the task of getting both horse and rider
to the safety of Lady Arlana's freehold.

e ce @

Setdeep in the rolling hills of Virginia's Shenandoah
Valley, in its mortal seeming the freehold of Silverwood
resembled a French manor house. Fae kenning, however,
revealed the building's true splendor, for it resembled a
palace in miniature, crowned by silverssires that blazed in
the sunlight and glimmered with a luminescent beauty
beneath the moon's rays. A silver dragon surmounted the
arched gateway to the freehold, proclaiming the palace
and grounds as a freehold of House Ailil.

Within her private chambers, on the topmost floor of
the palace, Lady Arlana sat pensively behind a small
writing desk. A longhaired black cat lounged at her feet,
oblivious to his mistress' palpable tension. Although she
appeared as a young woman in her mid-twenties, with
blue-black hair and icy green eyes, Arlana had lived for
several decades more than her seeming indicated, pro-
tected by the ambient Glamour of her freehold, which

she left only when necessary. Sitting opposite her, his
posture betraying no signs of overt stress or discomfort,
Count Declan waited for his host to digest the informa-
tion he had just delivered.

"How long before our guest awakens?" Lady Arlana
asked, breaking the silence with which she had greeted
the count's report.

Declan shrugged. "He should regain his senses by this
evening. I would expect him to stir soon after. Undoubt-
edly, he will wish to meet his hostess." The count allowed
himself a small smile as he nodded deferentially to Lady
Arlana.

"I seldom have cause to entertain a member of one of
the ruling houses," the sidhe noblewoman observed."

"I would hazard a guess that our errant knight has had
little occasion to spend much time in the company of one
of the winter houses," Count Declan said. "The experi-
ence should prove interesting, at the very least."

"Do you intend to remain here as well?" Lady Arlana
asked. "After all, you came here by my invitation, though
I must say I did not expect you to arrive with such an
unusual "gift" for your hostess as a faerie steed and its
Dougal rider."

"[ attempt to avoid the pitfalls of predictability,"
Declan replied, sounding inordinately pleased with him-
self. "For the sake of formality," he added, rising from his
seat and executing a courtly bow to Lady Arlana, "I
entreat you to grant me your hospitality according to the
tules of the Escheat."

"Why do I sense some scheme in which your request
presents an opening gambit?" Arlana asked, her own
voice matching the count's mock seriousness. She stood
up behind her desk and acknowledged Declan's bow with
a gracious nod.

"extend to you the hospitality of my house and lands
and place myselfand my honoras surety for your safety for
the next three days and nights, beginning from this
hour."

The count and the lady spent several more minutes
in quiet conversation before parting company. Declan
went in search of amusementamong the courtiers of Lady
Arlana's household, while Arlana busied herself with
making preparations for her unexpected guest.

e e @

The ground shook beneath them as a powerful tremor
rocked the foundation of the fragile gate that represented their
last chance to find safety from the cold wind that poisoned the
Dreaming. Eregannon ap Dougal watched as the rest of his
household hurried through the crumbling portal. In the dis-
tance, beyond the hills he and his entourage had traversed
scant hours before, he heard the howling of nightmare crea-
tures. He spared a moment's pity for the poor soul held at bay
by the foul beasts, though he realized that the quarry that
currently occupied their attention also served as a timely
decoy, buying time for him and his household.

"Swiftly, friends, swiftly," he called out. "Little time
remains before us." He allowed his urgency to color his voice.

One by one, the remnants of Eregannon's freehold
passed beyond the mortal world, seeking the silver path that
would deliver them to the blessed haven of Arcadia.

The tenor of the unseen battle shifted as howls of victory
became screeches of pain. Lady Moira, his beloved, paused at
the threshold of the gate. "My lord," she called, "come now if
you would leave with us."

Eregannon took a step toward the portal, where Moira
waited, hand outstretched. An anguished groan reached his
ears, followed by the growl of a beast that had latched onto its
prey.

"Hold the gate, dearest one," he said, suddenly realizing
what he mustdo. Drawing his sword, he made all haste toward
the sound of the battle, ready to give aid to the beleaguered
victim of the nightmares that, like all creatures of the Dream-
ing, sought escape.

e © @

Gannon awoke with the memory still sharp in his
mind. Seldom did he remember anything from his first
stay on Earth, so many centuries ago. This time, he tried
to fix the dream firmly in his consciousness. I came to
someone' s rescue and together we battled our way back to the
gate.

"Are you awake, my lord?" A voice beside him in the
bed startled Gannon into full awareness. He turned his
head abruptly, now conscious of the shapely form that
curled against him, flesh to flesh, beneath the silken
coverlet. Inhaling sharply, Gannon tensed at the con-
tact. His face reddened as he beheld the face of his
companion, partly hidden by a cascade of dark auburn
hair.

louse A\ilil 7


"Forgive me, lady," he began, but a soft giggle cut his
words off before he could finish his apology.

"Welcome to Silverwood," the fae maiden (though
that was, perhaps, not the exact term) said, her voice a
breathy whisper in his ear. "Your reputation has preceded
you."

"L hope I have not offended you," Gannon blurted,
this time drawing a full-throated laugh from the lady in
his bed.

"You would have offended me had your form ignored
your function, my lord," she said. "My name is Calinthe
and part of my duties as a fosterling of the house consists
of making certain our guests rest in comfort."

"Silverwood," Gannon repeated, recent memories
quickly displacing the distant reminiscences of his dreams.
"Twas bound fora freehold by that name," he said. "There
was an ambush—"

"From which another of our guests delivered you,"
Calinthe said. "Or so I'm told," she added.

"Thave a message for Lady Arlana," Gannon contin-
ued, his mind now fixed on his mission. He threw back
the covers, then quickly pulled them over him again ashe
remembered his own nakedness. "My clothes—"

"They had to be completely cleaned," Calinthe said.
"You bled quite a lot for one who still lives. I'll get them
for you."

Unselfconsciously, the slender sidhe tossed aside the
coverlet and slipped out of bed. Shaking her hair so that
it draped around her shoulders like a russet cape, she
padded silently on thick carpet toward a massive oak
chair and retrieved the neatly folded pile of clothing that
lay atop it.

"Shall I help you dress, my lord?" she asked, kneeling
before the bed in mock humility, presenting the gar-
ments to Gannon. The Dougal lord closed his eyes.

"That won't be necessary," he said. "Could you
inform Lady Arlana that I seek an audience with her at
her earliest convenience?"

Calinthe laid the clothes on the bed next toGannon
and sighed dramatically. "As you will, my lord," she said
meekly, rising to her feet and making her way, still naked,
‘out of the room, leaving Gannon to don his composure
along with his attire.

e @® @

8 The Book of Houses 2

Lady Arlana received Sir Gannon in her formal
audience chamber, a large room of stark elegance. Black
and silver drapes framed floor-to-ceiling windows deli-
cately engraved with the dragon and stars of House Ailil.
The floor repeated a motif of interlocking black and
silver star patterns. Arlana, clad in a gown of black
opalescent voile, sat in a massive throne made from some
silvery wood not found in the mortal realm. A longhaired
black cat rested contentedly in her lap. Standing atten-
tively to one side of Lady Arlana, Count Declan watched
closely as the knight he had carried into the freehold the
previous evening made his way slowly butsteadily toward
the throne. On Arlana's other side, Calinthe, now clad
ina simple black sheath, her long hair bound with silver
cords, viewed her recent bed-companion from demurely
lowered eyes, a contented half-smile on her face.

Sir Gannon stopped a few paces from the throne, just
out of sword's reach, and bowed from the waist, a gesture
not quite of obeisance but ‘of civility, as protocol
demanded. Lady Arlana acknowledged the bow
and raised her voice greeting.
"I welcome you in the name of House Ailil to the freehold
of Silverwood and grant you leave to speak freely in this
hall of the purpose of your coming."

in

Gannon straightened himself and spoke the words
he had rehearsed carefully for most of his ride from Tara-
Nar.

"{ am Sir Gannon ap Dougal, acting as knight-
courier on behalf of the Parliament of Dreams. I have
come here with a message for the hand and eye of Lady
Arlana of Silverwood, daughter of Ailil and loyal subject
of the Kingdom of Concordia." As he spoke, he reached
into a pouch at his side and withdrew a leather tube. He
extended it toward the throne.

"You may approach with your message," Lady Arlana
said.

Sir Gannon took another step toward the throne as
Lady Arlana leaned forward in her seat to take the
proffered message tube. Her gesture unsettled the cat,
which leaped from his mistress' lap and stalked imperi-
ously away from the throne to flop unceremoniously
midway between Lady Arlana and the Dougal knight.

Silence prevailed as Lady Arlana opened the tube,
withdrew the scrolled parchment and broke the seal. Her
face registered nothing as she read the words inscribed
upon the goblin parchment. Without commentary, she

handed the message back to Sir Gannon, who availed
himself of the opportunity to read, for the first time, the
message he had born to its destination.

Lady Arlana turned to Count Declan. "It seems you
have brought your own doom into this household," she
said, her voice without emotion. "That," she gestured
toward the parchment in Sir Gannon's hands, "is a
summons for you to appear before the Parliament of
Dreams to answer charges of possible complicity in the
disappearance of the high king, or should I say the former
high king?"

Sir Gannon finished reading the message, his face
pale and his lips drawn tightly together.

"My lady," he said, "I swear to you that I was, until
this moment, unaware of the contents of this summons."

"It matters little," Count Declan said, answering in
place of Lady Arlana and speaking for the first time in Sir
Gannon's presence. "You have discharged your duty and
Imust comply with the summons, or else place myselfand
my name in jeopardy."

Sir Gannon attempted to voice a suitable reply,
words failing him in his awkward position, but Lady
Arlana preempted his speech.

"That may be, Lord Declan," she said, "but I would
have you remember that just hours ago I extended to you
my hospitality for three days and nights. Sir Gannon, I
hereby extend to you of my own free will the hospitality
of my house and lands and place myself and my honor as
surety for your safety for the next three days and nights,
beginning from this hour. Surely you will not violate
either the sanctity of my host-bond to Lord Declan nor
refuse to accept the offer 1 have extended to you."

"J have little choice but to obey those who sent me,
my lady," Sir Gannon said, not bothering to disguise the
misery in his voice.

"Red Branch, I presume?" Lady Arlana asked, a faint
amusement warming the ice in her voice.

Sir Gannon stared at his feet, his eyes unexpectedly
meeting the unblinking gold stare of the cat, which
regarded him with something like disdain. Discomfited,
he looked away.

"think we can safely assume so, without forcing your
guest to admit his membership in a society that holds
secrecy nearly as sacred as honor," Declan said, his voice
conversational.

Lady Arlananodded. "SirGannon," she said, "do you
accept the terms of my hospitality with the understand-
ing that, when the time has passed, you may freely
exercise your mandate to deliver Count Declan to the
Parliament for judgment?"

Gannon swallowed, trying to bring moisture to his
dry throat so that he could speak without betraying his
discomfort. "Lady Arlana," he said, "since you offer me
the opportunity to keep my word without violating your
hospitality, I will gladly accept your terms."

"Splendid," Lady Arlana replied, her voice suddenly
brittle with forced gaiety. "Much can happen in three
days—not to mention the accompanying nights. It isnot
often that our house plays host to one of the Seelie Court.
I'm sure that you and Count Declan can discuss your
dilemma — if, indeed, there is one — over the course of
your joint stay as my guests."

Asshe finished speaking, Lady Arlana rose from her
throne, swept up the cat with one hand and took her
leave of her guests. With a slight shrug, Calinthe fol-
lowed her mistress out of the hall, pausing only briefly as
she came even with Sir Gannon to smile coyly at him.
"My hospitality is yours as well, my lord," she said, "even
if you do bear unfortunate news."

Left alone by the sudden departure of their host and
her ward, Declan and Gannon faced each other in the
audience chamber. Count Declan cocked his head to one
side and gave the Dougal knight a mischievous smirk.

"Shall we talk, Sir Gannon?" Declan asked. "It seems
that we cannot fight — at least for the next three days."
The count began walking toward the door, motioning for
Gannon to join him.

Gannon matched his pace to Declan's leisurely gait
and accompanied the count from the audience chamber
and intoa small parlor furnished with comfortable chairs.
Fresh drinks and small teacakes rested on a low table in
the center of the room, awaiting the nobles' attention.
Declan sat in one of the chairs near the refreshments and
helped himself to a glass of pale golden wine. After a
slight hesitation, Gannon followed suit.

"| hardly know what to say," Sir Gannon spoke, his
words slow and uncertain. "I assume you rescued me from
the ones who attacked me on the road, and for that, | am
in your debt."

House Ailil

aTF
Peaey

Count Declan studied his adversary carefully, mak-
ingnosecret of his scrutiny. To his credit, Sir Gannon did
not flinch under the count's penetrating gaze. Finally,
Declan set his half-empty wineglass aside and leaned
forward slightly in his chair.

"| would hardly deem my intervention a rescue," he
said, "since the attackers had already fled when I arrived.
I do, however, admit to saving your life — and that of
your steed, I must add — for had I not ridden to investi-
gate the sound of battle, both you and your horse would
have perished."

"My horse lives?" Gannon's voice contained both
amazement and joy. He half-rose from his chair before he
remembered that he had no idea where to go to look for
his mount. Reluctantly, he resumed his seat. "Thank you
for that, as well," he said, a new sense of warmth in his
voice.

Declan shrugged. "If you wish," he said, "I can ac-
company you to the stables where you cansee for yourself.
I might as well check on my own charger at the same
time."

e @® @

From an upstairs window, Lady Arlana watched as
Declan and Gannon crossed the space between the
palace and the stables. When her two guests had disap-
peared from her sight, she turned to Calinthe and smiled.

"It seems as though all is proceeding according to
Count Declan's plans," she remarked to her ward. Calinthe
nodded, although she was not certain of the entirety of
the game that was afoot — only of her small but not
insignificant part in it.

"] tried this afternoon to arouse his attention, lady,"
she said, aware of her choice of words, "but he would not
respond to my efforts."

Lady Arlana shrugged. "Be patient, my dear," she
said, her voice silky with encouragement. "So longas you
tempt him sorely, you may consider your job at least
adequately done."

Calinthe's puzzled expression drew an indulgent
smile from Lady Arlana. "Youdo not yet begin tosee how
small things build into larger ones, do you?"

"I'm afraid not, my lady," Calinthe said.

"Not only is our guest a member of a Seelie house,"
Arlana said, crossing the room to seat herself in the single
chair while gesturing for her ward to sit upon a footstool

al

nearby, "he is one of House Dougal and very likely a
member of the Red Branch."

Calinthe frowned. "Does this mean something more
than it appears?" she asked.

Arlana nodded. "House Dougal serves the Gwydion
usurpers with slavish devotion," she said. "If we can even
make one of Gwydion's lackeys entertain the slightest
belief that the falcon's children might have misjudged
the Unseelie fae, then we have taken a giant step toward
breaking the stranglehold of power in Concordia. Does
that seem too farfetched to you?"

Calinthe thought fora moment and then shook her
head. "I suppose not, although I still fail to see how
seducing him can cause such a momentous change."

Arlana pursed her lips and shook her head. "You are
subtle enough in bed," she observed. "You still lack the
ability to see what goes on in the bedchamber is not so
different from any other exchange of power. When you
can exercise the same fascination and allure standing up
as you do lying down, I will consider your education in
politics complete. | would suggest that, in addition to
carrying out the directive I have given you, you watch
closely what transpires between Count Declan and our
Dougal guest."

e ee @

That evening, Lady Arlana held a feast in honor of
her guests. Sir Gannon managed to give the impression
of ease as he sat at his hostess' left side, opposite Count
Declan and held polite conversations with the other
residents of Silverwood. Earlier in the day, after his visit
to the stables with Count Declan, Sir Gannon had met
SirLochlan, the freehold's lorekeeper. He was graybeard
who clung tenaciously to the remnants of his fae self,
rarely leaving the palace's library. Sir Gannon also met
Lord Thierry, a wilder who seemed content with striking
poses and proclaiming his anarchistic ideals. For the first
time, Gannon saw the commoner members of the house-
hold: Garsen, the troll who served as Lady Arlana's
captain of the guard, and Ziloa, an eshu bard. During the
meal, served by a staff of mortals who appeared either
kinain or enchanted, Sir Gannon fielded relatively in-

nocuous questions about his house's history, a topic of
interest to both Sir Lochlan and Ziloa. Garsen ques-
tioned Gannon about the attack, obviously interested in
the presence of an unauthorized motley of outlaws so

10 The Book of Houses 2

Pas

vor4


close to Silverwood. Calinthe, sitting so close to Gannon
that they were nearly touching, said little, but listened to
everything Gannon had to say. Lady Arlana asked
Gannon what craft he followed and showed no surprise
when Gannon replied that he was working under the
instruction of a master swordsmith.

Finally Declan, who had remained quiet for most of
the meal, raised his voice. "Surely you have some ques-
tions of your own about us, Sir Gannon?" he asked. "At
least, if | were a guest in your freehold and found myself
surrounded by a horde of Seelie fae, | would take the
opportunity presented to me to learn all [ could about the
other half of our race."

Suddenly, the atmosphere at the dinner table shifted.
Gannon felt himself catapulted into the role of interro-
gator.

"Ask us anything," Calinthe urged, her hand touch-
ing Gannon's arm in a gesture of encouragement.

"Of course, we may lie to you," Sir Thierry drawled.

Sir Gannon chose to ignore the young sidhe's com-
ment. "I do have one he
"Just one? I'd have at least a dozen," Ziloa remarked.

question," said.

Gannon narrowed his eyes and took a deep breath
before he spoke. "How can you so blatantly espouse the
belief that honor is a lie when I have observed so many
instances of honorable behavior in this freehold?" The
Dougal knight directed his gaze at Declan as he elabo-
rated upon his question. "You, sir, could have left me for
dead in the forest and none would have been the wiser.
Instead, you chose to call my spirit from the brink of
extinction and repair the damage done to my body as
well." He turned his attention to his hostess. "And you,
Lady Arlana," he continued," have offered me the kind-
ness and largesse of your house as well as the ministra-
tions of your household."

Sir Thierry snickered at Gannon's mention of "min-
istrations," and Sir Lochlan shot a withering glance in
the wilder's direction. Gannon ignored the exchange.

"Icannot help but see honor in both those deeds," he
finished.

Lady Arlana seemed about to answer her guest when
Count Declan, clearing his throat, indicated his desire to
respond. The sidhe noblewoman inclined her head,
allowing the count to address the question first.

"L.understand your confusion, Sir Gannon," Declan
began, his voice gentle and indulgent. "You labor under
the same misconception as most others who follow the
Seelie Code's insistence on death before dishonor. I'm

afraid that you confuse action with intent. For myself
(and I make no claim to speak for anyone else) honor —
as you seem to define it — represents a series of platitudes
that exist only in a hypothetical realm. You adhere to a
set of do's and don'ts imposed by others to force you to
adopt certain standards of behavior.

Irepudiate any claim that others make to define and
dictate my actions. My honor is what I make of it, not
what others do. Any other sort of honor is a lie." The
count paused and looked toward Lady Arlana. "Did you
wish to add your own response to mine?"

Lady Arlana smiled. "Does that answer your ques-
tion, Sir Gannon?" she asked. "For if it does not, then I
might explain my own thoughts on the matter to clarify
— or, perhaps, further complicate — the matter."

"I believe I understand what Lord Declan has said,"
Sir Gannon replied, "but 1 would be eager to hear your
answer as well."

Arlana nodded. "I warn you that you may find my
views on the matter of honor somewhat less personal and
more inflammatory than Count Declan's," she said, pref-
acing her reply.

Gannon nodded. "The Oath of Hospitality binds me
and forbids me from taking offense at your words, my
lady," he said carefully, "particularly when I have solic-
ited them."

"Well spoken," Sir Lochlan interjected.

"Then, in the spirit of mutual hospitality," Lady
Arlana said, bringing her guests' attention back to her-
self, "I will speak my mind openly for your benefit. By its
own actions, the Seelie Court has proven the truth of our
philosophy of honor. The actions taken during the Ac-
cordance War by the armies of Gwydion, Fiona, Dougal,
Eiluned and —| suspect— Liam did not fall comfortably
within my definition of honorable behavior. Certainly
honor had no place in the meeting hall on the Night of
Tron Knives."

Gannon's face reddened with sudden angeras Arlana's
words seared the air, charging the room with the electric
ity of confrontation. He bit back a hasty response and
waited in silence for her to continue.

Lady Arlana seemed impervious to the effect of her
words. "The fact that after 30 years, the Seelie Court still
claims absolute sovereignty over the fae in Concordia
also bespeaks a somewhat loose interpretation of the
concept of honor, but I could spend most of the evening
elaborating on that fundamental betrayal of what you
call honor. I suppose I shall simply say that we prefer to

House A\ilil Il

Rey

e
‘

(


claim that honor isa lie because we have so often seen the
truth of our words played out upon the grand stage of
politics."

A heavy silence followed Lady Arlana's speech as
everyone's attention focused on Sir Gannon, awaiting
hisreply. Gannon closed his eyes, reminding himself that
he had, in fact, asked the question that had provoked his
hostess' condemnation of Seelie honor. When he opened
his eyes again, he had regained his composure. Trusting
himself not to express anything beyond his words, he
nodded at both Lady Arlana and Count Declan.
"Thank you both for your frankness," he said. "This gives
me much to muse upon before I sleep this evening."

Dinner ended a few minutes later and the guests
dispersed. Sir Lochlan returned to the library, while Ziola
and Sir Thierry wandered outside the palace, ostensibly
to take a walk in the gardens. Calinthe drifted upstairs,
murmuring her desire to curl up in a comfortable bed.
Lady Arlana excused herself, pleading the need to attend
tohousehold matters. She closed herself in her study with
Garsen.

Count Declan shrugged as he found himself alone
with Sir Gannon.

The Dougal knight shook his head slowly. "I
did not mean to spoil the dinner," Gannon said
by way of apology.
Declan laughed. "On the contrary;" he said, "you allowed
our hostess a rare opportunity to preach to someone
outside the Unseelie choir. Passion before duty is another
of our tenets," he reminded Sir Gannon.

The two knights continued to debate the matter of
honor far into the night, with neither gaining a clear
victory on the battleground of words. When Sir Gannon
finally sought his room in the early hours of the
morning, he found Calinthe waiting for him in his bed.
This time, he allowed himself to respond to the
desire she in

awakened him.

@ e @

Eregannon reached the battle site just in time to see a
young knight make his final stand against amob of nightmarish
creatures, enraged Thallain desperate to gain access to Arcadia
and chimerical monsters born from the frightened and angry
dreams of the abandoned fae. Without stopping to consider his
own peril, Eregannon plunged into the fight, his sword
slashing a path through the attackers with deadly accuracy
Finally, the Dougal knight reached the fallen warrior. "Get

The Book of Houses 2

up," Evegannon commanded, thrusting his shield at the
wounded knight, whose tattered surcoat bore the silver dragon
and stars of House Ailil. "Watch my back and follow close
upon my steps!"

Having spoken, Eregannon proceeded to hack his way
once more through the enemy ranks, fury and desperation
driving all thoughts of defeat from his mind.

Allaround them, the world shuddered and groaned as the
death throes of the Dreaming intensified. The sky took on a
sickly green cast and the wind howled a dirge that put the cry
of the bean-sidhe to shame.

Once clear of the battle, Eregannon and his charge faced
a tortuous ascent to the remains of the portal, where Lady
Moira, her face drained of all color, still held the gateway open
by force of will. Eregannon grasped his beloved's hand and
clutched her to him as he pushed the wounded knight over the
threshold onto the fast disintegrating trod.

Ashe stepped into the portal, the knight tuned a grateful
face to his rescuer. "My life is yours forever," he said. "Thus
swears Declaniel of House Ailil."

e e@ 6

Sir Gannon awoke in a cold sweat. Beside him,
Calinthe still slept, her dreams — whatever they were —
undisturbed by his own remembering. Must I now betray
one whose life still rests in my keeping? And does he remember
his oath to me?

e e@ @

For the next two days and nights, Sir Gannon and
Count Declan spent most of their time in each other's
company. Lady Arlana organized a chimerical foxhunt
through the Near-Dreaming that coexisted with the
mortal grounds of her palace. Sir Gannon forgot his
concerns for a short time in the enjoyment of his faerie

steed's unexpected return to health and strength

For his part, Declan basked in the opportunity to
study a member of the Seelie Court at his leisure. He
discovered that, like himself, Sir Gannon enjoyed chess
and the two knights passed an entire afternoon matching
their skills. Declan soon possessed an accurate sense of
the Dougal knight's tactical approach to the game. Sir
Gannon tended to confront his opposition head-on,
though not blindly throwing away his long-term advan-
tage for a short
finesse and calculated risks. Not unlike the one I'm taking
now, Declan reminded himself as he took Gannon's

erm gain. Declan's own style favored


queen in their final match, thus crippling the Dougal
knight's attack. Sir Gannon conceded the victory with
an ease that indicated that his thoughts were elsewhere.

"You should have had me several moves back,"
Declan observed as he replaced the pieces on the board.
"Are you concemed about the approaching end of our
period of grace?" His voice was gentle, but his eyes held

Gannon's gaze in a relentless grip.

Sir Gannon shook his head. "Perhaps," he replied,
histone conveying the impression that Declan's observa-
tion had missed its mark — but not by much. Gannon
tured his head to one side and fixed his eyes upon a spot
just above and behind Count Declan.

les

"Do you remember anything?" he asked.

Declan looked puzzled. "I'm not certain I understand
what you are asking," he said.

"Do you dream about the time before the Shatter-
ing?" Gannon said, deciding that the time for evasion was
past — if, indeed, there had ever been such a time in the
last three days.

"] have a few hazy recollections," Declan replied,
stepping carefully around Gannon's question. "What
leads you to ask me this?"

(5

come to him. When he finished his tale, ending it with
the final words spoken in the mortal world by Declaniel
ap Ailil, he felt as if he had rid himself of a great weight.

Count Declan sat quietly fora few moments, ponder-
ing Gannon's story. "If your memories are true," he said
finally, "then my oath to you still holds, for you have not
released me from it."

"{ know," Gannon said, his voice filled with pain. "I
feel I have betrayed you by bearing a message that
contained your doom within it."

"I cannot help what you feel," Declan said, refusing
to ease the harshness of his words with soothing plati-
tudes. "You must follow your code of honor. If my life is
indeed in your hands, then I am yours to do with as you
feel you must. The oath you say I swore to you did not
include any provisions for my safety or my freedom."

Gannon rose from his seat across from Declan and
paced around the small parlor Lady Arlana used asa game
room. He paused before the window and looked out upon
the peaceful grounds of the palace.

"[ cannot renege on my duty to the Parliament," he
said, speaking more to himself than to Declan.

House Aitil


"No one is asking that of you," Declan said. Gannon
turned to face the knight he had come to respect and
admire.

"There is one thing I can do, however," he said. "I
have been charged to accompany you to Tara-Nar and
deliver you into the hands of the panel of inquiry. I intend
tostand beside you and give my own testimony as to your
character and your honor, despite our differences of
opinion on the word's meaning. | will stake my own
reputation as a knight of House Dougal and a loyal
member of the Red Branch on your innocence of the
charges brought before you." Sir Gannon sighed at the
admission of his membership in that semi-secret society
of Concordian knights.

"You need not take such a risk for me," Declan said.
"There is a simple enough solution to your moral di-
lemma, should you wish to avail yourself of it. Long ago,
you saved my life — or so you claim to remember. Only
three days past, I returned the favor. You could consider
a life for a life as payment in full and so release me from
your bond. Or would that be too easy a path for someone
froma house that prides itselfon hardship and disability?"
The bitterness in Declan's voice was impossible to mis-
take.

Sir Gannon blanched at the naked insult to his
house's weakness. "If you think to anger me by such a
crass reference to this," he said, thrusting forward his
mangled left hand so that Declan had a clear view of its
deformity, "you severely misjudge my intentions. | am
not looking fora way out of my quandary; am looking for
a way into yours."

"[ have just given you one, if you will take it," Count
Declan whispered.

Sir Gannon nodded once. "So be it," he said, his
voice bereft of all emotion but sorrow. "I do release you
from all oaths that you have sworn to me." Turning his
back on the Ailil noble, Gannon strode quickly from the
room.

Left alone, Declan spent a few minutes moving the
chess pieces desultorily about the board. Then he, too,
rose and left the room.

e e 6

Gannon woke up alone on the morning of his
departure from Silverwood. Quickly, he assembled his
few belongings and donned his traveling armor, once
more in good repair, showing no signs of the battering it
had taken a few days earlier. His sleep had been dreamless

14 The Book of Houses 2

though he felt far from refreshed. A curious reluctance to
leave the freehold lingered in his mind. For the last three
days, he had taken part in the life of a household that, for
all its differences, still comported itself with grace and
dignity. I will remember this always

As soon as he had made his preparations, Gannon
sought Lady Arlana to bid her farewell and offer his
thanks for her hospitality. She received him in her
private parlor.

"Calinthe sends her regrets that she cannot be here
to say good-bye, but she has a difficult time with partings.
She is young yet and gives her heart too easily."

Gannon felt his face grow warm. Noticing his dis-
comfort, Lady Arlana laughed softly. "Do not concern
yourself. She must learn the manners of courtly love from
someone. I think one day she will be grateful to you for
your instruction in impossible amours."

"Have you seen Count Declan?" Gannon asked.
"Now that I must return to my duties, I must take custody
of him and deliver him to Tara-Nar."

Lady Arlana raised an eyebrow and allowed a tiny
smile to lift the corners of her mouth.

"Jam afraid that Count Declan has already departed
my house," she said, taking a quietly perverse pleasure in
watching the look of amazement slowly appear on Sir
Gannon's face. "I offered you both the same terms of
hospitality — three days and three nights," she said.
Count Declan's time ran out several hours ago and he
took his leave accordingly. I thought you understood."
She smiled deprecatingly, though the expression in her
eyes belied her expression of remorse.

"Then | have even less reason to remain now that my
welcome is over," Sir Gannon replied. "I thank you again
for your hospitality and for the lessons | have learned
during my stay under your roof." He turned on his heels
and headed for the door.

"Sir Gannon," Lady Arlana called out, brining the
Dougal knight to a halt just inside the doorway. "Before
he left, Count Declan asked me to give you this " she
extended a sealed letter toward Gannon. "He said that it
might help soften the blow."

Gannon forced himself to accept the letter, putting
it into an inner pocket before taking his leave of the
freehold. Once away from Silverwood, he rode hard for
Tara-Nar, stopping only when driven by hisorhis mount's
exhaustion. A few miles outside his destination, he
paused to retrieve Count Declan's letter. Breaking the
seal, he read the words through a vision blurred by
unbidden tears.

ACUMEN

xs

Forgive my feigned ignorance as youshared yourmemories of ;
\ cur anctent pact. Ever sinee | tnvoked the power ofthe Dream \
\ ing to heal your wounds and replenish your faerie spirtt, |, t00, \
Z have known of our brief cucounter so many centuttes ago. j
\ Cherish your memory of that time, though it may bring you = J

\ bitternessat first because ofuy pereetved betrayal ofyour trust.
\ [head need for you to release me from my oath — and for that | f
thank YOu. \
Think we dishonorable if you will; condemn we if you must, f
but please understand that wow, more than ever, you have |
gained apreetous lusight tuto the Unseelie heart ofuy house. ‘
/ have come to respeet your dedleation and | do not regret the
time we spent under one roof In my own fashion, | have tried to \
uphold my definition ofhonor. Should we chance to meet agaln, ‘
| hope that you Will consider me your adversary, rather than )
YOU! CHEM. (
Your brovher in the Dreaming,
Declantel ap Aili!

on

e e¢ @

Lady Arlana spent the day after her guests' departure
overseeing the closing of Silverwood and preparing for

remain behind to tend the Balefire in the hopes that the
Parliament of Dreams would allow them to retain posses-

her own extended leave-taking of Concordia. Her con- Sion or, at the very least, permission to reside in the now

tacts in Hibernia would be expecting her arrival by trod unclaimed freehold.

"My only regret," she told Calinthe as they prepared

in the next day or two and she had no current plans to
toleave, "is that I cannotsee the looks on the faces of the

return to her fief. Garsen and Sir Lochlan agreed to

House Ailil 15

A

Kote

AY ministers of the Parliament of Dreams when they realize ‘What will happen to Count Declan?" Calinthe

(vA how thoroughly Declan has played them for the fools. wanted to know.
A) they are." "My guess is that he will resurface after a few days, since

Yalinthe asked, her face a he is not under suspicion of complicity in any crime

"What do you mean?"
ainst Concordia. At most, they may issue a reprimand

os

mirror of confusion.

(<

to him for forging an official document, but he has
rtain that any

"When Count Declan first arrived with the uncon-
scious Sir Gannon, he broke the seal on the message our

enough friends in high places to mak

ay:

penalties he suffers because of his loyalty to his house are

RY

Dougal guest carried. After reading the contents of the

NS

scroll, Declan changed a name. The original summons minimal.

iE

"alinthe confided wistfully. A

was for me, not Declan. It seems that word leaked out of "I liked Sir Gannon,"
my visit to the Kingdom of Willows shortly before the few moments later she spoke again. "Did you
disappearance of David Ardry. Naturally, the Parliament — anything to do with the high king's disappearance?" she

assumed the worst. asked.

ay

my departure, but it gave him an opportunity to increase doesn't matter," she replied. "Let them wonder."

his knowledge of our adversaries through his association

iS

with Sir Gannon."

—Aalal,

S


AAA MUI AC

A Discourse on House A\ilil

dy Lady Sldine, recorder For High Lord
Crdach

Although some may question the wisdom of writing
down the history and ways of House Ailil, I believe that
the current disruption in Concordian politics presents us
with a unique opportunity for the advancement of our
house's greater purpose. To this end, I have compiled this
manuscript as a statement of who and what we are so that
even our newest members may act with the full knowl-
edge of our ways and means.

Our house thrives on power. Over the long centuries
of our existence, we have perfected our skills in diplo-
macy and intrigue. We wear our Unseelie natures with
pride, despite the éfforts of the Seelie rulers of Concordia
topaint usas villains. House Ailil has an ancient heritage
as the leaders of the Winter Court, a legacy denied us
since the Resurgence by the usurpers of House Gwydion.

Our house symbol is the dragon, the most powerful
and canny of mythic beasts. We emulate the wisdom and
subtlety of the great serpent in our dealings with those
outside our house. Unlike the hedonists of House
Leanhaun or the nihilists of House Balor, we have
learned the lessons of patience and planning. Despite the
lateness of the hour, the nearness of Endless Winter and
the sometimes insufferable condescension of our Seelie
kin, we of House Ailil rest secure in the knowledge that
our goal — to restore the long-upset balance of duality
that forms the essence of the Dreaming itself — lies
almost within our grasp.

To understand what we strive for, you who read this
must first comprehend our past, for within its clouded
memories lie the seeds of our renewal and the keys to our
survival and ascendancy.

Hiscory of House A\ilil

The story of House Ailil begins in the Time of
Legends, when history had not yet fallen to the province
of historians, but resounded with the echoes of dreams
and myths. In that long-ago era, when the world of the
Dreaming and the world of mortals blended into one
great tapestry of time's passing, Ailil and his sister Eiluned
ruled one house. Though I suspect the chroniclers of
House Eiluned have their own version of how one house
became two, this is the tale told by our lorekeepers.

In those days, the Seelie and Unseelie Courts shared
the rulership of House Ailil. Eiluned ruled as Summer
Queen, leading her house during the Seelie half of the
year, while Ailil held the title of Winter King, Lord of the
Unseelie seasons. Many of the other fae houses wondered
why the charismatic Ailil chose to lead his house during
the cold autumn and winter times, leaving his elusive
sister to bask in the months of summer and spring. To
most eyes, Ailil appeared to embody the Seelie character
far better than Eiluned, whose affinities for darkness and
mysteries made her seem the more Unseelie of the pair.
Nevertheless, both sister and brother felt that this ar-
rangement allowed them to achieve the perfect balance
between their dual natures.

So it was that Ailil gathered about him a strong
following of Unseelie fae, while Eiluned acquired a Seelie
retinue. When Eiluned's visions led her to split away
from her brother and form her own house, she brought
with her most of her former house's Seelie members. In
time, House Ailil became the foremost of the Unseelie
Houses, both in Arcadia and in the mortal world.

The CDychie Age

House Ailil prospered during the centuries known as
the Mythic Age, spreading its influence among the faerie
courts of Hibernia, the Isle of the Mighty and the en-
chanted realms of Mythic Europe. The Pageant of the
Seasons played itself out in grant style, as Seelie Summer
gave way to Unseelie Winter in an endless cycle that
celebrated the dance between darkness and light. Al-
though the scions of the silver dragon did not hold a
monopoly on rulership of the Unseelie Court, more often
than not the rulers of Winter came from our house.
Though we did not hold all the reins of Unseelie power
during the Mythic Age, many kings and queens of the
dark half of the year wore the badge of the silver dragon.

In the mortal world, as well, House Aili left its mark upon
history and legend. Ailil himself showed a particular penchant
for involvement in mortal affairs. According to the Tain, the
Irish epic that details the exploits of the hero Cuchullain, Ailil
ruled Connaught along with his wife, Queen Maeve. Their
pillow diplomacy sparked the events leading up to and sur-
rounding the infamouscattle raid of Cooley, the central episode
of the Tain. In the realm of the fae, Ailil used the same
combination of personal charisma and astute politics, deftly
maneuvering his enemies into war with one another, and his
friends into working to his advantage.

House Ailit


In particular, Ailil advocated cultivating the loyalty
of the commoner kith, realizing the importance of hav-
ing the support of underlings. Many kith despised or
distrusted by the other houses found welcome under
Ailil/s banner. Redcaps and sluagh, in particular, learned
that Aili valued their contributions and accepted their
less savory behavior. Other members of House Ailil

When the first whispers of the Sundering echoed in
the Dreaming, many of the sidhe believed that the only
way to preserve what remained of our connections to
Arcadia lay in stopping the cycle of seasonal rule, allow-
ing the Seelie or summer houses to hold power indefi-
nitely — or at least until the onslaught of Banality
ceased.

2)

demonstrated their skill in matters of state and of the
heart in both mortal and faerie domains. While many of
the encounters between faerie knights or ladies and their
mortal lovers undoubtedly involved the passions of the
Fiona and Leanhaun sidhe, the fae of Ailil's lineage did
not lack for congress with humankind, particularly where
they could draw some advantage from doing so.

In political affairs, House Ailil reached its full poten-
tial. From the dawn of the Mythic Age, our knights and
nobles wove their intricate patterns of diplomacy and
intrigue, reveling in the subtleties and nuances involved
in directing the interplay so necessary to any society's

While mortal civilizations rose and fell and the new
religion of Christianity taught its followers to abhor any
magics but their own, the fae waged battle for the soul of
the Dreaming, whose essence lies in change. As the gap
between dreams and harsh reality grew so, too, did the

gulf widen between Seelie and Unseelie.
Heretofore, although the noble houses of the sidhe

tended toward either Seelie or Unseelie courts, most fae
recognized the necessary balance between the two and

did not look upon the other court as an enemy. The
conflicts engendered by the Sundering changed our
perceptions forever. Because House Ailil associated itself

Gry,

ex
2)

TR

i

existence. Human politics proved particularly challeng-
ing, since we found it necessary to both instruct and
oversee the first mortal attempts at sophisticated social
intercourse.

Inretrospect, perhaps we taught mortals the dance of
politics too well for their own good. Still, it amused us to
see creatures who once only settled their differences
through open warfare now learn to wage a different kind
of battle.

The Sundering

The tale of how and when the Sundering began
differs from house to house. Some, like the drudges of
House Dougal, hold that the discovery of cold iron first
awakened in mortals the desire to fix the world according
to one rigid structure. Others merely make vague allu-
sions to the slow separation between the Dreaming and
the world of flesh and blood. However it began, once the
Sundering made itself felt throughout the lands of mor-
tals, we realized that something had begun that would
leave its mark on the world of the Dreaming forever.

A popular theory put forth by many members of our
house states that the Sundering began not only through
the rise of human disbelief but also through the actions
of those among the fae who sought to bring a halt to the
sharing of power between Seelie and Unseelie houses.

18 The Book of Houses 2

so strongly with the Unseelie court, the Seelie houses
developed a distrust for us that bordered upon enmity.
Lord Ailil attempted to meet in secret with his sister,
Lady Eiluned, to see if a way existed to stave off the
growing hostilities between Seclie and Unseelie fae.
Although their efforts ultimately came to naught, the
two siblings shared what information each had gathered
about the worsening effects of the Sundering. This en-
abled both houses to prepare strongholds within the
Dreaming. Members of House Ailil also joined the fortu-
nate few who migrated westward to the still unspoiled
American lands in the early centuries of the Sundering.

Unfortunately, many of the Seelie houses looked
upon Eiluned's association with Ailil as just short of
treacherous — a fact that did not help our sister house's
already suspect reputation. In later days, House Eiluned
would resent our part in casting a shadow over their
Seelie pretensions, making reconciliation between us

difficult.
The Deparcure of Aili!

In the end, all the desperate measures of all the noble
houses failed. Overwhelmed by the sudden onslaught of
Banality caused (many think) by the outbreak of the
Black Plague and the wholesale despair that followed in
its wake, the trods connecting Arcadia to the mortal

The Teign co Hell

Long ago, so they tell us, the sidhe used to
pay a tithe to Hell (or Hel, according to the
Scandinavian fae) as the price for faerie immor-
tality. This tithe or teign consisted of the sacri-
fice of one of our own to the spirits of the dead.
In return, the fae could, after their own mortal
deaths, walk The Bright Road through the
Underworld and emerge into the physical world
as reincarnations of themselves. This practice

disappeared with the Sundering, and with it,
most of our interest in the ghosts of the Under-
world vanished as well. Still, the Ritualists seek
to reestablish that lost connection through the

revival of the teign.

The Mists have obscured many details of
that ancient ritual, so recreating it (not to

mention finding sacrificial victims) has proved
problematic. Some believe that in the oldest
times, the reigning ruler of the Seelie Summer
Court did not merely set aside her crown in
favor of the Winter King or Queen but, instead,
sacrificed herself in the flames of the Samhain
bonfire. Whether or not this is true, it certainly
goes a long way to explain the reluctance of the
Seelie fae to turn over power to us at mid-year.

world weakened. The gates between the world cracked
and collapsed, severing the ties between the two realms
of faerie and humans.

House Ailil joined the other noble houses in the
frantic, mass exodus for the safety of Arcadia. Lord Ailil,
however, for reasons we have yet to comprehend, re-
mained behind. The reason for his decision still puzzles
the historians of our house. Some maintain that Ailil,
after his conversations with Eiluned, elected to barri-
cade himself within a private freehold in Hibernia.
There, he hoped to bind some portion of the Dreaming
to himself and, thus, to the mortal world. Others who
have attempted to piece together the sequence of events
in those last, harried days of the Shattering, believe that

Ailil was betrayed by another of hissisters, Lady Fainche.
Jealous of Ailil's closeness with Eiluned, despite their
different houses, Fainche convinced her lover, Lord
Cillian, to delay Ailil long enough to prevent him from
reaching one of the few remaining gates to Arcadia.

Regardless of the cause, Ailil did not return to
Arcadia.

The Incerregnum

Our knowledge of the period called the Interregnum
comes from various sources, not all of them reliable, and
many of them purely conjectural. The majority of com-
moners who held membership in House Ailil remained
behind when the pathways to Arcadia closed. Moving
quickly to fill the vacuum left by our departure, these
remnants of the House of the Silver Dragon laid claim to
our abandoned freeholds and established themselves as
the new lords of House Ailil. We certainly cannot blame
them for their ambition, particularly in the light of their
apparent success. Embracing enough Banality to survive
in the mortal world, these "changelings" (as they now
called themselves) kept alive the tenets of our house,
adhering to the Unseelie Code despite pressure from
commoners from the Seelie houses to conform to their
conservative behavior.

I have heard rumors that a few sidhe besides Lord
Ailil remained behind, attempting to exist in a world of
harsh reality and cold science. Eventually, however, they
must have succumbed to Banality, their fragile bodies
destroyed by their inability to adapt to a world made
hostile. In any case, none remained after 600 years. Every
now and again, we come across a mortal whose flair for
deception and subtlety seems to hint that the blood of our
house blended with that of humankind. We seek out
those individuals, whom we treat as Kinain descendants
of those noble sidhe who stayed in the world, as compan-
ions and Dreamers, inspiring many of them to greatness
in the sphere of pol

Evidence of our house's presence exists in the annals
of human history, for those astute enough to read be-
tween the lines and deduce signs of Ailil influence. The
machinations of church and state that marked the period
of the Renaissance, the growth of governments into
sophisticated political engines, and the persistence of

House Ailil


social upheavals and revolutions bear the mark our
house. Certainly, the exploits of Lady Vittoria, a satyr of
our house who maintained a villa/freehold in 15th-
century Florence and who played host to an aspiring
Florentine politician named Niccold Machiavelli, beara
passing mention. No one from House Ailil who reads The
Prince can fail to notice a striking resemblance between
the advice proffered in that tract and the customary
tactics of our house. In the 16th and 17th centuries,
buccaneers and privateers flew the silver dragon of House
Ailil alongside the black flag that advertised their trade.
Other notable commoner members of our house partici-
pated in the revolutions of the 18th century, perpetuat-
ingthe commitment of House Ailil to drastic change and
the pursuit of freedom. I regret missing the industrial
revolution (aptly named) and the advent of global poli-
tics in the 19th and 20th centuries. I suspect that the
commoners of House Ailil figured prominently in the
increasingly convoluted politics of conspiracy that con-
tributed to the state of affairs known as the Cold War. If
only I could have basked in the heady Glamour created
during the era of summit conferences and nuclear stand-
offs. The sidhe of other houses might find such manipu-
lations Banal to the extreme, but we of House Ailil thrive
in the midst of political turmoil and uncertainty.

The Ocher Side of the Gace

A plethora of information exists about the events of
the Interregnum in the mortal world in comparison to
the paucity of memories we retain of our time in Arcadia.
Many of our nobles have reported fragmentary recollec-
tions and half-dreams of the centuries we spent locked
behind the portals of the Dreaming. My own admittedly
sketchy memories suggest that House Ailil embroiled
itself in Arcadian politics leading up to a great conflict
that encompassed all the houses of the fae.

Moreover, I suspect that our actions either failed
miserably, or else came so close to succeeding that exile
from Arcadia proved the only way to defeat us. My mind
can devise many scenarios that might have resulted in
our ousting, including the attempted seizure of power at
the highest levels of the Twin Courts.

20 The Book of Houses 2

The Recurn

In 1969, a great explosion of Glamour burst open the
portals to Atcadia and allowed the return of the sidhe to
the mortal realm. That is the simple story. My own
conspiracy-loving mind spins a slightly more complex
tale regarding the return of the noble houses. Bear with
me as | tell a tale you will not hear in the freeholds of
Gwydion or Eiluned or the other Seelie houses.

In the first wave of the Resurgence, five of the noble
houses — all of them Seelie — reentered the world in
sufficient numbers to establish a base of power. Only a
few members of House Ailil came across at that time, and
we found ourselves scattered throughout the globe. Sidhe
from Houses Balor and Leanhaun entered the world
along with us, but I do not have enough information on
their experiences in the first heady days of our return to

draw any conclusions about the reasons for their exile or
why they chose to remain in the background of change-
ling politics.

What I do know is that the five Seelie houses set
about almost immediately to reclaim their freeholds from
the commoners who now occupied them, and to build
the power base that would soon become the Kingdom of
Concordia. We, on the other hand, had our hands full
merely trying to survive in our surroundings and lacked
sufficient numbers to counter the actions of our Seelie
cousins.

Perhaps our affinity for political upheavals deter-
mined where members of our house emerged. Where
many sidhe arrived in places such as San Francisco,
where the "good vibes" of the Summer of Love called to
their Seelie hearts or Unseelie passions, the majority of
House Ailil came into the world in places rife with
rebellion and political strife. Some of us found ourselves
in Belfast and Londonderry slammed into the midst of
Ulster's sectarian conflict. Others arrived in Chicago,
where the trial of the "Chicago Eight" sparked waves of
radical protest and led to battles with police and soldiers.
A few entered the world in Prague, where student protest
against the Soviets erupted in violence. Still more Ailil
nobles "landed" in Washington, DC, where the tense
political climate energized our fading spirits and filled us
with its dark, seductive Glamour. While we adapted to
the overwhelming changes that had come about during
our long absence and attempted to deal with the turmoil

that seemed to engulf us wherever we happened to be, the
Seelie houses made their move.

The Accordance War

Many of the fae claim to see hand in the
events of the Night of Iron Kni hat launched
the Accordance War. On the contrary, had we
planned the mass slaughter of the leaders of the
commoners, we would have taken better pains
to conceal our part in it. The majority of
changelings view that infamous night as
a tragedy, seeing itasa shameful begin-
ning to the founding of Concordia.
Though House Ailil holds the
same opinion of that incident, we
have differentreasons for ourjudg-

ment.
Yes, the Night of Iron
. Knives deserves our con-
J demnation. It stands as an
example of boorish stupid-

ityand of clumsy, ill-devised

pla — just the sort of
excess that results when
those who are unused
to expressing their
. Unseelienaturessud-
denly release the
E constraints of Seelie
behavior
Had we master-
minded that blood-
thirsty display, we
would have tak re
\ to make it appear as if
the leaders of the
commoners had
slain cachotherina
A One gross instance of
PAAR) overreaction toin-
(A 74 ternal dissension.
Then, in the con-
fusion that followed,
we would have
stepped in to assert our
fitness to rule.


Instead, the supposedly "Seelie" leaders who perpe-
trated the Beltaine massacre succeeded only in rousing
the wrath of the commoners and ensuring a wasteful war
of conquest.

In the long run, the Accordance war worked to our
advantage. Although it led to the establishing of
Concordia as a Seelie Kingdom, the war polarized the
changeling population, leaving many commoners and
not a few nobles discontent with David Ardry's peace.
Though we came late to the halls of power in Concordia,
we maintain asmall presence in the Parliament of Dreams
and take our token place among the sidhe nobles. In
other parts of the world, we comport ourselves as neces-
sary to further our own ends. Where we can proclaim our
blazon openly, we do so. Otherwise, we keep a low profile
and go about our business as usual. The Accordance War,
for all that it ended in a triumph for the Seelie Court
accomplished one of our house's goals — the prolifera-
tion of discontent among many of the realm's change-
lings. Where there is discontent, the ground is ripe for us
to plow.

The QDodern Cra

The fortunes of House Ailil grow brighter in the final
years of this century. As the millennium approaches, the
mortal world once again begins to latch onto ancient
superstitions and old beliefs, thus fostering an atmo-
sphere of uncertainty and wild speculation. Chaos lies
just beneath the surface of everyday life, eroding the solid
structures of society.

In Concordia, the disappearance of David Ardry has
thrown the Parliament of Dreams, not to mention the
lesser Kingdoms of the realm, into disorder and confu-
sion. Once again, as in the Night of Iror: Knives, though
we had nothing to do with that strange and unexpected
turn of events, we stand ready to take full advantage of
the opportunity to advance our cause. The Dreaming
cries out for a return to the old ways of shared rulership
between the twin courts. After almost three decades of
Seelie rule, the time is long overdue for an Unseelie ruler
to lead the fae into (and out of) the Long Winter that
approaches. As we did in the days before the Shattering,
we who wear the blazon of the silver dragon once again
prepare to take our rightful place as leaders of the fae.

The CUays of House A\ilil

Membership in House Ailil is both a right and a
privilege. Born into the House of the Silver Dragon
through the grace of the Dreaming, we still need to earn
our place within the overall society of our house through
the mastery of our traditions and the honing of our
talents. We do this in order to take our rightful place as
leaders of the Unseelie fae.

Like our Seelie cousins, we retain many of the tradi-
tional practices of the sidhe. We honor the customs of
Fosterage and Saining, abide by the Escheat and follow a
code (in our case, the Unseelie Code). We take oaths and
usually keep them. We act responsibly toward the com-
moners under our banner and look to their interests as
well as our own.

Of course, we do all this in our own fashion. We can
do no less and call ourselves Ailil's heirs.

Organizacion

In the absence of our founder, Lord Ailil, we owe our
allegiance to High Lord Erdath, who represents the will
of House Ailil in the mortal world. Beyond our allegiance
to him, our house relies on the infrastructure of the
nobility to give shape and direction to our actions. In
this, we differ little from the Seelie houses.

Were we do diverse‘is inthe: paucity. of oueHee:
holds. Most members of House Ailil hide the locations of
their freeholds in order to prevent their invasion by the
more fanatic members (i.e., the majority) of House
Gwydion. In a few regions‘of Concordia, we hold fiefs
openly, swearing (with reluctance) nominal loyalty to
the high king. In other parts of the world, House Ailil
maintains a more open and accepted presence, due to the
greater tolerance of the British and Celtic fae for the
Unseelie in their midst.

Because we place gréat emphasis on individual
schievemenitand success in the political arena weaWard
titles to nobles in recognition of their service to the
Housel Betis thoughiwe Seldon have venoaph (fleet
guarantee that all titled members of our house will have
afieftorule, we honor those titles as if the holders, in fact,
ruled the appropriate domain.

Though we have a reputation for arrogance among
the other sidhe houses, among ourselves we seldom find
it necessary to pull rank or insist on the proper protocol
from subordinate nobles. We make do with courtesy in
most cases.

On the battlefield, however, rank means everything.
Though we do not fight as savagely as House Balor, we pride
ourselveson ourability to functionasan army when we haveto.
Our knights leam finesse and control with melee weapons,
preferring to overcome our opponents with skill rather than
brute strength. Our military leaders come from the ranks of
those who have demonstrated courage and tactical savvy in
battle. We expect them to exercise theirauthority with wisdom
and boldness, and we alsodemand that the warriorsunder them
give them their absolute obedience.

Thisbalance of structure and flexibility lendsstrength
to our house and ensures that we do not suffer from the
hierarchical stagnation that afflicts most of the Seelie
houses.

Foscering

We take great care in the training of our new mem-
bers. When anew Ailil sidhe emerges from her Chrysalis,
she undergoes a period of fosterage during which she
learns how to survive in a house of achievement-ori-
ented, intrigue-loving sidhe. Because we place such em-
phasis on freedom and personal honor, we put our fledg-
lings through a deliberately harsh regimen intended to
teach them self-reliance and to cultivate their Unseelie
tendencies.

The fledgling's "master," (our house's term for men-
tor) imposes upon her charge a long list of "do's" and
"don'ts." The new sidhe must follow these rules to the
letter, even though doing so subjects her to an almost
impossible routine. Failure to meet the stringent de-
mands of the master results in swift physical or psycho-
logical punishment.

The entire focus of this exercise is to bring the
fledgling to the brink of open rebellion against her unfair
treatment. If she openly defies or challenges her master,
she earns an even harsher punishment than she would for
mere failure. Sooner or later, the wiser fledgling learns
subtle ways of evading the rules; she bribes others to
accomplish her chores or run her errands. She distracts

her master with ruses designed to draw the master's
attention to other matters. She learns how to lie and
dissemble. In other words, she teaches herself the game of
politics and intrigue.

Ifafledgling faithfully attemptsto obeyall theruleswithout
complaintordemonstrates too much humility, one ofthe other
members of the master's houschold approaches her in the form
ofaconfidant and "instructs" her in ways to make life easier for
herself. While most fledglings, due to their Ailil blood, do not
require this extra tutelage, a few need blatant instructions in
subtlety.

Any fledgling who still fails to learn how to break the
rules without being caught is brought before a soothsayer
of our house who examines her for signs that she may
belong to the rare breed of Seelie Ailil. If this is the case,
the nature of her fosterage changes. Instead of learning
the fine points of deception and manipulation, the fledg-
ling takes instructions intended to cement her loyalty to
House Ailil and its purpose of reestablishing the Twin
Courts. As soon as she undergoes her Saining, she is
asked to swear the Oath of Loyal Opposition (see below).

Oach of CDembership

By the scales of the silver dragon, by the
light of the fourfold stars, by the blanket of
darkest night, I deliver my body, heart and will
into the keeping of House Ailil. May its aims
guide my vision, its hopes direct my aspirations,
and its purpose inspire my actions. Let all my
ambitions crumble in the dust should I betray the
words I have spoken this night. Dragon beside
me, stars above me, night behind me, witness
my oath

Each new noble swears this oath upon
attaining full membership into the house.
Usually taken under a moonless sky lit only
by starlight, the Oath of Membership binds
its taker to House Ailil's commitment to the
eventual reinstatement of the Twin Courts.
Both the house Boon and Flaw become
evident upon the completion of the oath.
Breaking this oath inflicts the swearer with
a profound sense of inadequacy unless the
oath breaker chooses to accept the Oath of
the Forsworn.

>
~

2)

aS

oss
KAZAN

SS

wy).

)
ie
hi

Oach of Adopzion

As my blood now flows with yours, as my
heart beats in time to yours, as my eyes lift with
‘yours to the same stars, sonow am I one with you.
1 swear loyalty to House Ailil with blood, heart
and body. May my heartblood flow unchecked
should I betray my chosen house. Yours I am,
spurning all former ties of house and hearth until
my blood no longer courses, my heart no longer
beats and the stars no longer make their passage
through the heavens.

Sidhe born to another house or common-
ers with no house affiliation swear this oath
upon their adoption into House Ailil. Like the
Oath of Membership, the administering of

Oach of Loyal Opposicion

Aliiough mij hecarverabraces the Siaimer
Court, tiongh ine all adheres 00 the: Seelie
Code aid though my feée wall adifferent pach,
my spirit and loyalty lie with the silver dragon
of House Ailil. Let not my differences come
between my house and me. By the summer
stars, by the Beltane fires and by the moon of
plénty; | swear hae try ations Shall ioc harm
rij shousey Wi) MGHAE. SHaULHIOE Deed ND)
Iednship with the silver ditigont, vio shall ny ol
cause detriment to Ailil's banner.

Members of House Ailil who follow

the Seelie Code take this oath to affirm
their loyalty to their house. Unlike other

this oath usually takes place undera star-filled
sky. To begin the oath-taking process, the
swearer sheds a few drops of his blood (usually
taken from the wrist or palm) into a goblet
containing a contribution of blood from at
least three nobles of the house, who also act as
witnesses to the oath. After pouring the blood
onto the ground, the swearer speaks the words
of the oath. The swearer gains a permanent

oaths that take place at the new moon, the
Oath of Loyal Opposition generally occurs
during one of the full moons of eitherspring

or summer. Although some Seelie mem-
bers of House Ailil do not feel the need to
take this oath, those who involve them-
selves in the politics of Concordia or who

exercise any sort of authority within the
House do so as a matter of course.

point of Glamour upon the completion of the

oath. If the oath is broken, the Glamour is
forfeit.

Oach of che Forsworn

Through broken word, faltering will and shameful deed, I have brought upon myself this doom. Let every
member of House Ailil know by my presence that I accept the onus of oath breaker. May all who hear my words
or test my will or witness my deeds from this night forward remember that they treat with one who has joined the
ranks of the Forsworn. By the grace of the silver dragon and through no merit of my own, I remain within the fold
of Ailil

Those who break an oath and seek to acknowledge their shameful deed and, thus, salvage something
of their name and personal pride take this oath and participate in a public declaration of submission to
the will of their peers. The swearer stands blindfolded in a circle of witnesses and speaks the words of the
oath three times. After the first recitation, the witnesses have the opportunity to abjure the speaker. If
they remain silent, the speaker continues with the second and finally the third pronouncement. If the oath
has been heard three times without objection, the senior witness removes the blindfold from the speaker

and pronounces her "Forsworn."

The taking of this oath negates any penalties of broken oaths, but carries its own penalty; from that
time onward, all who interact with the Forsworn individual do so knowing that they run the risk of dealing
with a liar and an oath breaker. (In game term, the difficulty of all actions that involve persuasion or the
giving of promises is increased by 2 due to the character's damaged reputation.) Many of the Forsworn,
however, wear their status as a badge of honor, taking pride in their admission of guilt,


Saining

The Saining ceremony that follows the period of
fosterage resembles a cross between a wild revel and a
black-tie ball. The fledge's master formally releases his
charge from their bond and welcomes her into the house.
A secret ceremony conducted by the household's seers or
by a member of the Ritualists, in the case of fledges
fostered by members of the Shadow Court, determines
the true name of the new Ailil sidhe and attempts to
determine whether or not she bears a special fortune or
doom. Afterward, all the members of the house, whether
noble or commoner, indulge in an unbridled celebration
of the creation of one more Unseelie fae.

The Fior-Righ

As part of the Saining ceremony, the Ailil fledgling
undergoes a trial by ordeal intended to test what she has
Emed during Her period of foscering: Usually this ine
volves some feat that can only be accomplished by
indirect mearis or through deception and erickery: Qcca>
sionally, the Fior-Righ takes the form of a duel against an
opponent so much more skilled than the fledgling that
she must cheat to win.

On che Taking and Breaking of
Oachs

To believe that because we adhere to the Unseelie
code we have no concept of oath taking is to fail to
understand the importance of such binding vows. Our
insistence on personal interpretations of honor rather
than a strict definition of honorable conduct makes the
act of taking an oath one of our most sacred duties. In
some cases, oaths serve as our only constraints. Since the
earliest times, we have honored our promises, adhering
precisely to their wording and, occasionally, to their
intent. Because we place such emphasis on keeping our
sworn promises, we do not enter into oath taking lightly.
Thus, we rarely bind ourselves to an oath. We take oaths
only in the most serious circumstances, such as when a
new member completes her Saining and claims her place
inour house, or when acommoner formally binds himself
to House Ailil.

Occasionally, it becomes necessary, for some com-
pelling reason, to break an oath that we have sworn. Our
house recognizes that such things occur and has insti-

tuted a process to acknowledge oath breakers who openly
avow their dubious status. Though it seems ironic to trust
that an individual who has broken one oath will keep a
second "binding" promise, we have found that those who
accept the Oath of the Forsworn often go on to accom-
plish great deeds for our house, using their shame as a
badge of pride and a goad to spur their ambitions. The ill-
fated attemptof Yrtalien ap Ailil, the Forsworn Prince, to
advance the Unseelie cause proves that even an oath
breaker (or especially an oath breaker) can aspire to
greatness. Despite Yrtalien's failure and subsequent dis-
appearance, House Ailil profited by his example.

The Unseelie Code

Because Ailil devotes itselfas a house to the Unseelie
Court, we subscribe to the tenets of the Unseelie Code as
our basis for conduct. Our interpretations of its prin-
ciples, however, differ somewhat from those of the other
Unseelie houses or of the rebellious hoi-polloi of change-
lingsociety. We revel in the nuances of the Code, finding
initan endless variety of meanings and inferences. I shall
present my own commentaries on the Unseelie Code in
the hopes that they will inspire any who read my words
to form their own approach. The idea of a single, rigid
interpretation of a Code that supports and encourages
diversity and flexibility is laughable.

Change is Good

I cannot overemphasize the importance of change.
Only fools believe that standing still accomplishes any-
thing beyond creating foot sores and stiff muscles. The
universe exists in a constant flux of cyclic changes;
without the variation of seasons, the alternation of day
and night or the ebb and flow of the tides, the physical
world would lose its capacity to sustain life (another form
of change). Our house's skill in politics and its adroitness
in manipulations come from our belief that everyone
benefits from change. Creativity, the source of Glamour,
is simply another word for change. Boredom feeds Banal-
ity more than the vilest or basest of actions. Avoid doing
nothing at all costs.


Glamour is Free

The world does not contain a fixed amount of Glam-
our. Those who believe that conserving the source of
creativity postpones the exhaustion of Glamour have
only to look around to see their error. This century
crackles with the excitement of discovery and experi-
mentation. New art forms combine technology and tra-

N

dition in novel ways; politics (a particular source of
Glamour for our house) reaches new heights of subtlety
and depths of corruption. In the midst of all this plenty,
how can we hold back? How can we afford to restrain
ourselves when Glamour surrounds us?

OX

(KX

Honor is a Lie

GV

Too often, honor serves as a false and arbitrary set of

23)

restrictions used by one group to control another. For
House Ailil, honor rests solely with the individual. Each
of us defines her own actions according to a personal
concept of "honorable" behavior (or not, for many of us
choose to live without honor). Only the rules we make

for ourselves are worth keeping. Alll else is excess. Why
stand aside, bound by codes of false honor, while others
seize the opportunities for themselves?

Passion Before Duty

Like honor, duty means nothing unless driven by
personal desire. Passion inflames us to act, whether
responsibly or rashly. The duty-bound accomplish noth-
ing of value or import, bound as they are by the narrow
restrictions of "ought" and "should." House Ailil doesnot
shirk its responsibilities by adhering to this tenet; we
merely set our priorities in order. Passion first; duty after.

The Seelie Code

A few members of our House choose to follow the
Seelie Code. These aberrant children of the dragon
nevertheless express by their decision the personal free-
dom espoused by our house. It takes supreme courage to
swim against the current, and I respect my Seelie com-
panions for daring to differ. I could never bind myself so
rigidly to the strictures advanced by the Seelie Code.
Still, the Seelie of House Ailil (as I understand it) have
assigned their own meanings to the traditions they up-
hold.

Death Before Dishonor

Honor, regardless of who defines it, means nothing
unless backed by actions. Those who fail to live up to
their standards or to the codes of conduct they adopt
deserve to reap the consequences of their shame, even if
this means death. Sometimes the only way to uphold
honor is to die for it; the examples of martyrs throughout
the centuries prove this precept. We remember those
who put their lives on the line, whether or not they
survive the experience.

Love Conquers All

Those who love their masters serve them well. Both
bedroom and throne benefit from the as
ence to this precept. Affection and devotion toa lover or
accause only strengthen the chances for success in either
sphere. Cultivating the hearts of followers usually en-
s that their minds and wills follow suit. Love, when

sur
used as a weapon, can prove as powerful as a well-placed
sword in neutralizing the enmity of others.

Beauty is Life

Without beauty, life becomes a pale series of endless
days and dreary nights. Artistic creations and well-made
devices of any sort add to the cumulative Glamour

present in the world and available for use. Not everyone
defines beauty in the same fashion, however. Some call
"beautiful" those things others label ugly or distressing. A
moment of tender pain can sometimes prove as stimulat-
ing and aesthetically pleasing as an exquisite portrait or
a melodic composition. Do not confuse austerity with
dedication. Those who surround themselves with beau-
tiful objects need nothing else to remind them of the
importance of beauty.

Never Forget a Debt

Rewards serve as a powerful impetus in commanding
loyalty from followers or fostering love among equals or
near-equals. Outward manifestations such as paying debts,
returning favors and keeping promises create a favorable
impression with others. Image counts for much in both

mortal and fae society. Those who prove their reliability
through meticulous adherence to this tenet advance
themselves in the eyes of those above them in rank.
ting promises
from others establishes a reputation for fairness and

Collecting favors, calling in debts and ex:

respectability, qualities often perceived as nonexistentin
members of our house.

SS est

Secret Sociecies
‘Though the groups mentioned below are known to

most of the members within our house, we attempt to
keep the other houses

n other Unseelie houses) from
discovering them. These "secret" societies of House Ailil
serve as a focus for special interests within our house.
Most Ailil sidhe eventually join at least one society;
some find the time and the

nergy to hold membership in
several. While some truly secret societies may exist
within our house, they are unknown to me. A brief
description of the more popular of the Ailil societies
follows

Guardians of che Silver Dragon

Just as the Seelie sidhe have the Knights of the Red
Branch, House Ailil has the group of knights known as
the Guardians of the Silver Dragon. Although, occasion-
ally, this society admits sidhe from Houses Balor and
Leanhaun, it remains primarily an Ailil society. The

Guardians exist to protect the interests of House Ailil
and, by extension, of the Unseelie fae regardless of kith
They adhere to a strict code of behavior that rivals the
code of the Red Branch except for their more liberal
interpretation of the terms "fair fight" and "honorable

surrender."

The other agenda of the Guardians consists of a
pledge to locate and reclaim any lands or freeholds once
held by House Ailil that have fallen into the hands of
Seelie nobles. The Guardians operate throughout
cordia, Hibernia and the Isle of the Mighty. A few

have branched out into other parts of the

orld in search
of lost freeholds of House Ailil, but to date few of them

have reported any success in their quests.

Les Amoureux (The Enamoured)

Members of this society devote most of their atten.
tion to the many facets of physical pleasure. Proclaiming
that politics begins in the bedroom, the Enamoured steep


themselves in sexual excesses. Some of these sensualists
court danger by choosing their paramours from the ranks
of the Prodigal or from the Seelie Houses. I have heard
that seducing a member of House Gwydion earns the
seducer great status among her peers. Other members of
Les Amoureux specialize in combining pain and pleasure
to discover new heights of ecstasy (or so they claim).
Every possible variant on the act of love finds some
expression among Les Amoureux.

While traditional members of the house often look
upon the Enamoured as frivolous practitioners of idle
self-indulgence, other Ailil sidhe support the right of Les
Amoureux to do as they please — citing the fourth tenet
of the Unseelie Code as a precedent.

In fact, many of the Enamoured have found time to
further the aims of House Ailil while still indulging in
their amorous proclivities.

The Disinhericed

This society consists of a group of nobles (mostly, but
not exclusively, wilders) who has taken the Oath of the
Forsworn. Drawn together by their common bondas oath
breakers, members of the Disinherited demonstrate a
curious loyalty for one another that sometimes seems to
exceed any ties of loyalty to their house. The Disinher-
ited often volunteer for dangerous missions on behalf of
House Ailil, claiming that, since they have lost their
honor, they have nothing more to lose.

While the Disinherited state that they seek to earn
the right to rid themselves of their Forsworn status by
proving themselves in battle or by Fior, we suspect that
they actually prefer to revel in their notoriety. Certainly,
they seem to attract many paramours and consorts, who
respond to their sinister (even for our house) presence.

The Shadow Courc and House
A\ilil

Most fae, both Seelie and Unseelie, assume that all
members of House Ailil belong to the Shadow Court.
This is, admittedly, a fair assumption, since most of usare
either members or associates of the Shadow Court. I see
no reason to lie about this facet of our existence. We are
theundisputed leaders ofthe Unseelie fae and the Shadow
Court represents for us the remnants of the old Coutt of
the Winter King.

28 The Book of Houses 2

We see our participation in the Shadow Court as our
best means for undermining the stranglehold of the
Seelie government of Concordia. Although House Ailil
sends a few representatives openly to the Parliament of
Dreams, we consider that governing body a pawn of the
Seelie fae. Our true voice in changeling society comes
from the Shadow Court, and those of ourhouse who have
authority within that organization hold the true power in
House Ailil

The Cscheac

Current interpreters of fae tradition may brand as
heresy the idea that the laws of the Escheat are not
inviolable. In truth, the set of rules that governs the
behavior and guides the actions of changeling society has
existed only since the Sundering. Perhaps the rules were
necessary at the time to hold together a fragmented
population of abandoned and frightened Kithain. They
served the purpose of ensuring fae survival during a
period of upheaval and rootlessness and gave changelings
of many persuasions something to rally around.

Times change. The Resurgence and the war fought
to assert the right of the sidhe to reclaim power brought
about the restructuring of fae society into one that
ensured the perpetuation of the Seelie noble houses at
the expense of all other factions of changeling society. In
the hands of the present leadership of the fae, the Escheat
has become a weapon used to quell opposition and
punish those who attempt to reassert their rights to share
power.

While House Ailil does not wholly repudiate the
laws of the Escheat, we do recognize our own interpreta-
tions of these laws and follow them rather than the
versions proclaimed as dogma by the Seelie fae. For the
edification of those who have recently joined our house,
either as changelings fresh from their Saining, or adopted

members, I present a brief exposition of the laws of the
Escheat as honored by House Ailil.

The Right of Demesne

The authority of a lord within his fief forms the basis
of Kithain society. Only those who advocate total anar-
chy can fail to recognize the importance of imposing
some sort of order upon society. Those who are best suited
to hold power belong in positions of leadership and have
the right to command obedience and loyalty from any
who come into their territory.

iy,

>

Reality: We recognize only the rights of those nobles
who rule their own lands. When the noble houses re-
turned from Arcadia in 1969, the Seelie houses quickly
seized as many available freeholds as they could, ousting
the commoners who had held those sanctuaries of the
Dreaming. Many Seelie nobles currently control free-
holds and fiefs that originally belonged to our house,
refusing to acknowledge our right of ownership. We do
not recognize the right of the usurper. In contesting the
false rulers of hearths and lands that rightfully belong to
the silver dragon's children, we place ourselves in direct
opposition to this tenet.

On the other hand, whenever we encounter a Seelie
noble who has successfully restored a freehold that be-
longed to her house before the Sundering, we give her the
respect and dominion to which she is entitled.

The Right to Dream

Most interpretations of this tenet claim that it exists
to protect human Dreamers from the depredations of
Ravagers and from those who would use direct inspira-
tion to guide the creations of mortals. The careful
husbanding of Glamour by indirect cultivation and cau-
tious gathering falls within the compass of this tradition.

Reality: By insisting that this principle dictates how
we gather Glamour, the Seelie Court has managed to
exercise a phenomenal amount of control over the dis-
pensation of our most necessary commodity. Further, by
outlawing Ravaging in favor of the more subtle method
of Reverie and the almost unattainable goal of Rapture,
the Seelie rulers seek to curtail the proliferation of
certain kinds of Glamour over others. We find that
nightmares as well as dreams feed our souls and see little
difference between the two in so far as we are concerned.
The few mortals that go mad or fall into perpetual apathy
due to the actions of a handful of inept Ravagers com-
prises an acceptable loss to the Dreaming as a whole.
Those of us who learn the proper ways of Ravaging master
the ability to e:
causing the Dreamer permanent harm. Humans have
proven particularly resilient throughout the course of
their history. Individuals can suffer untold horrors and
eventually recover from them with little or no visible

e large doses of Glamour without

damage.
While we uphold the "tight to dream," we also give
Dreamers more credit that do our Seelie counterparts.

The Right of Ignorance

If the mortals ever learned of our existence (or our
return), they would seek either to destroy us (as they did
during the time of the Inquisition) or else they would
hunt us down and put us in zoos or research facilities. In
order to protect ourselves from discovery and to prevent
mortals from having their worldview turned upside down,
this tenet forbids revealing our true nature to non-
changelings. Most interpretations of this principle ex-
empt kinain and Prodigals from the ban of ignorance.
Some enforcers of the Escheat also relax this rule with
regard to mortals enchanted by the fae (at least until the
period of enchantment ends).

Reality: Telling a member of our house that some-
thing is forbidden her almost always ensures that she will
test the will of the one who forbids it. Denying us the
option of revealing our true selves to those mortals we
deem worthy of the knowledge insults our judgment and
our intelligence. Let us decide for ourselves when we can
let slip our mortal costumes and reveal our faerie glory.
Perhaps the knowledge of our existence might decrease
the high levels of Banality that currently lend support to
the proponents of keeping mortals in the dark. After all,
a sizable portion of humankind professes to believe in
extraterrestrials or angelic manifestations. Why not be-
lieve in faeries as well?

While we do not condone the wholesale exposure of
our existence to the world, we do insist on our right to
decide for ourselves when and where to drop our disguise.

The Right of Rescue

Whenever one of the Kithain falls prisoner to the
forces of the Dauntain or to the Hidden Ones or else
succumbs to Banality, we owe it to the Dreaming to
attempt the recovery of that unfortunate individual. This
holds true regardless of whether or not the victim is friend
or foe. Our survival hangs upon such slender threads that
the loss of even a few changelings to Banality threatens
to drop us all into the cold well of extinction.

Reality: While ostensibly the noblest of all of the
tenets of the Escheat, this rule is most often honored in
its abuse. How many instances exist in which the self-
righteous knights of House Gwydion ride to the rescue of
a captive member of House Ailil?

House A\ifil 29


We take a pragmatic approach to this rule. If we can
reasonably succeed in rescuing a changeling from the
clutches of Banality or the asylums and prisons of the
Dauntain, we make the attempt. If we succeed (particu-
larly in cases where the victim belongs to an enemy house
or freehold), we gain the favor of an erstwhile antagonist.
If we fail and escape unscathed, we can console ourselves
with having tried and ensure that no one can add our
failure to make the attempt to our list of transgressions.

Where one of our own is concerned, however, we
spare no expense to rescue her from captivity or forgetful-
ness. That should go without saying.

The Right of Safe Haven

Otherwise known as the Right of Hospitality, this
tenet enjoins those who rule freeholds and maintain fiefs
to honor the traditions of guesting and sanctuary. This
portion of the Escheat also establishes freeholds as ha-
vens against Banality and the ravages of war. To chal-
lenge a noble in her own home goes against the spirit of
Safe Haven. Likewise, to admit a visitor as a guest and
then perpetrate harm upon his person equally violates
this tenet. Custom usually dictates a fixed duration to a
visitor's claim of guest rights. During this grace period

(generally no more than three days and nights), both
guest and host agree to cease hostilities (ifany exist) and
to undertake no conspiracies or plots against one an-
other. Most unwelcome guests leave after the expiration
of the time of grace; those who do not, suffer the conse-
quences.

Reality: Like the Right of Rescue, this portion of the
Escheat often falls by the wayside in the face of opportu-
nity. We have learned not to trust ourselves to the
mercies of Seelie hosts, should we ever have need of
claiming sanctuary in one of their freeholds. Likewise, we
understand that few members of the Seelie houses be-
lieve that freeholders of house Ailil uphold the Right of
Safe Haven. Occasionally, we manage to succeed in
hosting an enemy or guesting with a foe without treach-
ery breaking out on one side or another. When that
happens, it is both a grand surprise and a cause for
celebration. Only with members of our sister House
Eiluned can we feel even a modicum of safety.

The Book of Houses 2

The Right of Life "

No Kithain may willfully cause the death of another
Kithain. This constitutes the greatest crime against the
Dreaming and puts the slayer at risk of losing her faerie
soul. Whether commoner or noble, all changelings exist
by right of the Dreaming and not through the whims of
others. To deprive the Dreaming of one of its children is
the most heinous of deeds.

Reality: The fact that at least one of the Seelie
houses professes its determination to rid the world of the
Unscelie fae puts this portion of the Escheat into perspec-
tive. Death (both accidental and intentional) happens to
allofus. While most of us rest content with the temporary
"death" of the faerie awareness of our enemies, occasion-
ally our passions gain control and we strike a fatal blow in
combat.

While we do not condone the wholesale slaughter of
those who oppose us, we cannot forbid members of our
house from exercising their discretion in the use of
violence or extreme measures. We accept the conse-
quences of our actions, knowing that any Kithain life we
take brings usa little closer to losing our connection with
the Dreaming. We espouse the concept of minimum
necessary force, knowing that sometimes this me:
permanent removal of those who stand in our way or who
endanger our house.

s the

Carrenc Policics

Atthe risk of belaboring an issue, House Ailil's most
important task (aside from surviving persecution by
Seelie fanatics) lies in the restoration of the balance
between Seelie and Unseelie Courts. We desire nothing
less than the return of the pre-Sundering tradition of the
alternation of power. We foresee that the Long Winter is
inevitable and that, rather than pretending we can
forestall it by prolonging Seelie control, we should pre-
pare for its coming and trust that it is only the precursor
to a new beginning for the fae.

To achieve our goal, we use any means necessary.
Ending the 30-year monopoly of Seelie power requires all
manner of subtle manipulations and back-room politics.
We participate in the Parliament of Dreams in order to
remind the fae of Concordia that the Unseelie are a part
of their government, not just a state of mind.


IM

The methods we use to achieve our goal are as varied
as the individuals who work diligently to bring it about.
Some of us excel in the art of persuasion; as diplomats and
ambassadors, we travel to many of the Seelie strongholds
and promote our cause. Others demonstrate a flair for
intrigue; we use these talented individuals as negotiators,
sending them among the common folk and infiltrating
Seelie households where they can plant rumors and
concoct plots and counterplots to fuddle the normal state
of Seelie affairs. Still others among us exhibit an irresist-
ible sexuality; we send these members of our house to
forge alliances through affairs of the heart, whether with
our Unseelie cousins in Houses Balor and Leanhaun or
with the Seelie houses.

We do not neglect the mortal world, either. In order
toprepare for the Long Winter, we must learn to live with
less and less Glamour or else to find Glamour wherever
it is available. We have learned to enrich ourselves by
surrounding ourselves with the atmosphere of human
politics. In our mortal guises, many of us hold political
office or deal in corporate politics. We find the cutthroat
practices and internal gamesmanship of mortals not only
refine our own skills, but also serve as a source of Glam-
our. As the world grows more Banal with Winter's
approach, our ability to snatch Glamour from political
intrigues becomes more and more important.

In the long run, we intend to learn how to survive
during the Long Winter. Our Seelie enemies, who prefer
to pretend that so long as they rule they can prevent the
end of Summer, will weaken and perish (or else embrace
their Unseelie natures) with the cold winds that herald
Winter's approach.

While many of us would like to see a master plan for
House Ailil that outlines the procedure for overthrowing
the Seelie powers that be, the rest of us feel that so long
as we outlast our enemies, we will prevail.

Policical Impulses
Though we have one overriding goal, the members of
ipiise:Adlil ehooes different ways of pursuing it:

=

Purists: Many of us follow the Purist impulse, desir-
ing a simple restoration of the Twin Courts. Purists do
not believe that the Seelie are our enemies; rather, they
are our antagonists (a subtle but clear distinction). These
Ailil sidhe work ultimately for the survival of both
Unseelie and Seelie changelings, since both types must
work together to preserve the balance of power. Some
Purists feel that once the Unseelie gain power, they need
to extend their rule to make up for the overlong reign of
the Seelie fae.

Repudiators: Members of this impulse believe in
the complete overthrow of the Seelie fae and the perma-
nent institution of Unseelie rule. They, too, speak of
restoring the balance, but reckon that the 600-year
period during which the majority of commoners followed
the Seelie tradition demands an equal number of Unseelie
centuries to counter it.

Ritualists: A fair number of Ailil sidhe follow the
ways of the Ritualists, combining their house goals with
their work in the Shadow Court. Ritualists seek not only
to advance the Unseelie cause but also to reawaken our
lost ties to the Dreaming. Many graybeards belong to the
Ritualist impulse, seeking solace in the autumn of their
faerie existence in the devotion to the cycles of the year.

Modernists: Ailil Modernists decry the stratifica-
tion between nobles and commoners. They believe that
not only must we overthrow the Seelie sidhe, but we must
also grant commoners the same rights as nobles. A
popular impulse among younger members of the house,
the Modernists advocate a complete sharing of power
between nobles and commoners and an eradication of
the titles that mark the differences between the two
groups.

Anarchists: This impulse has the fewest members
among the sidhe of House Ailil. Anarchists advocate the
violent and immediate overthrow of the government of
Concordia. If that proves impossible, then creating chaos
and disorder servesasa substitute. Some Ailil wilders join
this impulse for a time, but soon discover that the
Anarchists have no room for subtle manipulators. Many
of our wisest graybeard Ritualists were once Anarchists
who eventually grew bored with the simple art of destruc-
tion.

House Aili! 31


The Seelie Among Us

Seelie members of House Ailil, particularly if they
have sworn the Oath of Loyal Opposition, have a special
function that serves the goals of our house. These rare
Ailil sidhe affiliate themselves with freeholds and courts
of Seelie houses willing to accept them. Usually, their
innate knowledge of intrigue and court politics lands
them an advisory position of some sort in the retinue of
their adopted liege. Then, their real work begins.

Despite their Seelie legacies, these loyal sons and
daughters of Aililuse their skills to counter the attacks on
us by those Seelie fae who seek our destruction. Every
Fiona or Eiluned noble who can point to her trusted Ailil
advisor wins for us a victory over our enemies and
increases our chances of surviving until the coming of the
Long Winter.

A few of our Seelie members see no conflict in
masquerading as a member of another house in order to
climb even higher in the power structure of Concordia.
We need all the friends in high places we can get; if they
also happen to be members of our own household clad in
the colors of Eiluned (which just so happen to be the
same as our own!) or Fiona, so much the better.

The Disappearance of che High King

Many members of our house argue that the unex-
plained absence of David Ardry presents us with a perfect
opportunity to make our move and seize power in
Concordia. While this is tempting to many of the younger
members of our house, the leaders of House Ailil concur
with the most recent ruling from High Lord Erdath. At
this date, if we took advantage of the vacancy in the
throne of Concordia, it would be tantamount to an
admission of guilt in the high king's disappearance.

Although we would like to claim credit for this:
action, we in fact, had nothing to do with it.

We do intend to make the most of the opportunity
David Ardry's disappearance has given us — not to
attempt a coup, but to publicize the chaos currently
threatening to rip apart the Parliament of Dreams and
the internal affairs of House Gwydion. Our experience
with mortal politics teaches us that whoever first seizes
the reins of power during an emergency seldom rules for
long after the crisis ends. We intend to take power when
we have the chance of holding it for longer than aseason.

32 The Book of Houses 2

CDerics and Flaws
Gifced Liar (3 pe. CDencal CDeric)

You are so good at lying that you can sometimes
convince yourself that you are telling the absolute truth.
This makes it extremely difficult for anyone to catch you
in a falsehood; in your own mind, you are not lying. In
most cases, no rolls need to be made for you to stand up
to questioning or interrogation. Success in a simple
Willpower roll (difficulty 7) allows you to evade the
truth-sensing ability of House Gwydion or negate the

effects of magical attempts to detect deception.

uileless (2 pc. Social Flaw)
p

While you enjoy the same expertise with manipulat-
ingothersas others of your house, you lack one small tool:
You cannot lie convincingly. Truth writes itself upon
your face in large letters, for everyone to see. This makes
it nigh impossible for you to evade the truth-sense of
Gwydion's house when asked a direct question. Other
attempts at subterfuge and guile are not affected. This is
not a compulsion to be truthful; you can attempt to lie,
you just do it badly. In game terms, you make any
Subterfuge rolls that involve telling a blatant lie at +2 to
your difficulty level.

Forsworn (3 pe. Social Flaw)

At some point in your past, you were guilty of
breaking an oath. Because you have taken the Oath of
the Forsworn, you have managed to avoid the penalties
normally incurred by your action, but you now stand
amid those of your house who bear the label of Forsworn.
Thisnot only damages your reputation and honor, but it
also: prevents others from believing your promises. You
areata +2 difficulty toall Social roles involving attempts
to persuade others of your sincerity or the validity of your
word.

Pulling Scrings: Relacions
Near and Far

The accusation that we exploit our allies and en-
emies fails to take intoaccounteither the subtleties of our
relations with other groups or the spirit in which we
exercise our obvious talents. What some call exploita-

tion, we see as making the best use of the available
resources. Whoamong the fae does notseek todraw upon
her allies' strengths and maximize her enemies' weak-
nesses? Those who claim that they deal fairly and equita-
bly with everyone delude themselves. At least we are
honest about our manipulation of others. We pride
ourselves on the ability to accurately assess those we deal
with

"Diplomacy" and manipulation are synonyms. Re-
member that the next time one of the Seelie houses lauds
its "diplomatic expertise."

The Nodles

Nobility has many meanings, and each of the noble
houses manifests its noble blood in its own fashion. Both
Seelie and Unseelie houses agree on one thing — the
tight of the sidhe to rule over the commoner kith. Beyond
that single patch of common ground, however, we differ
from one another in our purposes, perceptions, tempera-
ments and susceptibility to manipulation. Military phi-
losophers and strategists caution us to know our enemies;
ladd that we should know our friends, as well. Both can
prove dangerous under the right circumstances.

House Balor

The sons and daughters of Balor have slipped into
the ranks of the nobility by virtue of their descent from
Lugh of the Long Arm, one of the Tuatha de Danaan.
Their blatant and sometimes clumsy bids for power as
well as their penchant for violence serve as convenient
distractions for our more subtle schemes. We know these
brutal proponents of strong-arm politics envy our posi-
tion as first among the Unseelie houses. We need killers
and assassins in our ranks and House Balor fits the role as
if born to it.

Ouragents within the house (does that surprise you?)
have heard a rumor that somewhere within a hidden
freehold the rulers of Balor keep a cache of iron knives —
each incised with the name of one of the leaders of House
Ailil. We almost believe these reports. Of a certain,
House Balor works actively to bring on the Long Winter
ahead of schedule, believing that they will enjoy a greater
advantage due to their relative immunity to cold iron.

Cultivate alliances with the children of iron cau-
tiously. Do not trust them, regardless of the oaths they
have sworn. While we customarily look for loopholes in

the wording of our oaths, Balor thinks nothing of shhame-
lessly breaking an oath whenever it suits its purposes.

House Dougal

These toadies of House Gwydion have little to rec-
ommend them to us except for their indisputable talent
for crafting treasures and ingenious devices. Neverthe-
less, we must deal with them whenever we have need of
something our own artisans cannot produce. Usually, we
act through intermediaries when we treat with these dour
and oh-so-somber sidhe, since they share their Gwydion
cousins' instinctive hatred for all the Unseelie houses.
Occasionally, we interact with them openly — during
festivals and other gatherings where all fae are supposedly
welcome. We take great care to praise their skill and
commend them fortheir loyalcy to their masters (though
we do not use that word in their presence).

The few Unseelie members of House Dougal differ
little from the Seelie majority except in their greater
willingness to take risks. When we find one of these rare
individuals, we make every effort to win their loyalty.
Their grasp of technology makes them invaluable to us as
allies. Unfortunately, even the Unseelie children of
Dougal remain loyal to their house and, thus, to House
Gwydion.

If we could find a way to break their attachment to
the falcon's house, we would consider it a major victory.

House Ciluned

These sidhe come closest to winning our trust, an
irony when you consider that they are the least trusted of
all the Seelie houses among their own kind. Our shared
ancestry creates an unspoken bond of kinship between
our houses and we work hard to find ways to strengthen
that tie. We look upon them as our eyes and ears in the
Seelie camp, for more often than not, the children of
Eiluned warn us of plots against our house.

Whenever we choose lovers from outside our house,
we frequently indulge in affairs with the sons and daugh-
ters of the twin crescents. Though other houses perceive
themas cold, mysterious and aloof, we take great pleasure
in penetrating their enigmatic fagade and discovering
the passion that lies beneath their surface composure.

House Aili!


Eiluned sidhe share with usa love for politics and an
appreciation for intrigue. Whenever we can lend our
support to them, we do so. The more favors they owe us,
the closer we become. While we regret their house's
allegiance to the Seelie Court, we have hope that in the
near future they will see their way to joining forces with
us. Some of our seers have prophesied that a return to the
old ways of power sharing between Summer and Winter
Courts can only happen when Ailil and Eiluned join
hands as rulers of the fae.

House Fiona

For a good time, call Fiona. Although this seems a
tawdry description of a house known for its passionate
emotions and brave hearts, it sums up the essence of the
sidhe of House Fiona. What they lack in subtlety and
finesse, they more than make up in intensity and zeal.

The Fiona sidhe's penchant for tragic or inappropri-
ate love affairs plays admirably into our hands. Our

sinister reputation attracts more than a few of this house,
for we represent danger and excitement to them. I can
highly recommend them as partners for practicing your
skill at affairs of the heart.

On a more practical side, it is relatively easy to
manipulate the members of House Fiona. Their love of
pleasure and susceptibility to having their emotions
aroused make their responses predictable. Do not as-
sume, however, that the House of the Lion has no teeth.
Fiona sidhe are fierce when crossed or betrayed. Keep this
firmly in mind when dealing with them and, above all,
don't let them catch you in anything they can interpret
as treachery. Their swords are as sharp as their passions.

The Unseelie members of House Fiona often rival
the Leanhaun sidhe in their rampant pursuit of sensa-
tion. Fulfill their desires and they will follow you any-
where, even into battle against the Seelie Court.

House Guiydion

Simply put, this house isour enemy. The Seelie
houses accord them the status of leaders, treating them
with something akin to reverence — at least to their
faces. Supposedly the members of House Gwydion epito-
mize the Seelie concept of nobility.

The Book of Houses 2

Well, Pll grant them that claim, since they do em-
body the stiff-necked, unyielding intolerance of devia-
tion from their precious Seelie Code. Make no mistake,
the instigators of the worst excesses of the Accordance
War came from the House of the Falcon and not, as most
would suspect, from the "deceivers" of House Eiluned.

The insufferable arrogance of this house of self-
righteous power-mongers has resulted in the stagnation
of changeling society since the Resurgence. Almost
single-handedly, House Gwydion, by its insistence on a
Seelie monopoly of power, has stopped the inevitable
and necessary cycle of the Dreaming in its tracks.

Death by cold iron would be too good for them, in my
opinion.

They have openly advocated the eradication of the
Unseelie houses, but we believe that their enmity goes
even farther. Every indication suggests that they intend
to destroy all Unseelie fae, deluding themselves into
believing that such an action will guarantee the post-
ponement of the Long Winter.

The falcon's brood despises our house in particular,
since we pose the greatest threat to their sovereignty. We
take great pride in knowing that our mere presence can
rouse their infamous temper, driving them to berserk
fury. Perhaps if we incite them often enough, the other
Seelie houses will finally see them for the pompous
posturers they really are.

The recent disappearance of their precious high king
has thrown a wrench in Gwydion's plans for consolidat-
ing Seelie power in the hands of their house. Despite
David Ardry's reputation as one of the fairest of his house,
we cannot help but applaud the work of whoever engi-
neered his removal from fae society. No doubt the
Gwydion sidhe blame us for the loss of their most promi-
nent member. Ironic, isn't it, that we had nothing to do
with it?

Don't bother attempting to deal with members of
House Gwydion in any fashion other than the most basic
courtesy demands — at least not openly. A few members
of our house have managed to infiltrate Gwydion fiefs by
posing as members of House Eiluned, but too often these
attempts (along with those who make the attempts) are
short-lived, due to Gwydion's talent for detecting false-
hoods.

KAR DODD DL ODOT LOOT =

8
Re

MURINE

Confine your dealings with the House of the Falcon
to public gatherings, where the dictates of Seelie eti-
quette provide us with some protection from their hostil-
ity. Most importantly, when you must treat with the
Gwydion sidhe, avoid lying to them whenever possible
unless you intend to cause a scene.

As for the Unseelie members of the house, I have it
from reliable sources that they do exist, although they
tisk their lives by defying the conventions of the falcon.
Should you come upon one of these, approach with
caution, but strive to turn them actively against their
own Seelie kin.

House Leanhaun

Consummate seducers, tragic lovers, devoted pa-
trons of the arts (although they demand a devastating fee
for their inspiration), the Leanhaun sidhe seem fragile
and vulnerable. Nothing could be further from the truth.
The members of House Leanhaun trade upon their "weak-
ness," their ravenous need for Glamour, to arouse the pity
and protection of their Ailil and Balor cousins.

We see through their ruse, of course, since it is just
the sort of pretense we might adopt if we suffered from
their predicament. In truth, the Leanhaun sidhe are
capable of taking care of themselves; desperation leads to
the development of the necessary skills to survive.

As our allies against the Seelie houses, Leanhaun
sidhe have their uses. The secret plans of many a Fiona
knight have found their way into the ears of a Leanhaun
lover or paramour. Our main difficulty in acquiring the
services of the Leanhaun lies in convincing them to focus
their attention on something other than assuring a con-
stant supply of Glamour. Ensuring them a steady supply
of potent Dreamers in return for their assistance usually
overcomes their reluctance to do what we want.

So long as the precepts of the Seelie Court forbid the
practices whereby the Leanhaun feed their Glamour-
starved essence, we can count on the loyalty and support
of the children of the blackened rose. As de facto crimi-
nals of fae society, they have no choice but to remain in
the good graces of those who do not condemn them or
seek their destruction.

Their sensual natures make the Leanhaun sidhe
exquisite lovers and consorts, while their affinity for the
arts lends grace to any gathering that admits their com-
pany.

House Liam

This entire house bears the stigma of oath breakers.
Why the Liam sidhe insist on remaining affiliated with
the Seelie Court in light of this crippling label remains a
mystery. If we could convince them to change their
allegiance — they are, after all, oath breakers — the
balance of power in the Parliament of Dreams would shift
to a more equal representation of Seelie and Unseelie
houses.

Unfortunately, all our efforts to affect this change
have come to naught. House Liam remains entrenched
in its Seeliness, wallowing in its disrepute and abasing
itself before the other Seelie houses.

Our biggest stumbling block in winning over the
majority of House Liam consists of their overinflated
opinion of humanity, and their insistence on playing the
self-appointed role of protectors of humankind. They
object strenuously to the forcible gathering of Glamour
and condemn any fae who indulge in Ravaging for any
reason. Our lack of sympathy for the "plight" of mortals
makes it difficult for us to achieve any substantial progress
in pleading our cause.

Further, House Liam enjoys the protection of House
Gwydion, since the Liam sidhe lack the desire (if not the
ability) to stand up for themselves. Their acceptance of
Gwydion's largesse usually results in that house's un-
timely interference in any negotiations we undertake
with the Liam sidhe.

The Unseelie members of House Liam respond more
positively to our overtures, although they, too, exhibit
the same solicitousness for humans as do their Seelie kin.
Nevertheless, the bitterness of many Unseelie Liam
sidhe leads them to us despite our small differences over
the fate of mortals.

The Commoners

Upon our return to the mortal world, we gauged the
temper of the times and discovered that the commoner
kith had changed. No longer did they meekly acquiesce
to the will of the sidhe. Instead, human concepts of
equality, democracy, individual freedom and civil rights
had altered the commoners' perceptions of their proper
place. That the Seelie houses had to launch a full-scale
war to assert their domination over the common folk
only emphasizes the extent of the transformation of the
lowborn kith.

House Ailil


The Accordance War served us in an unexpected
fashion. Because of their resentment of the Seelie con-
querors, many commoners flocked to the Unseelie cause.
Though it pained us to do so, we saw the advantage of
allowing full membership in House Ailil to as many
commoners as would swear oaths to us. We benefit
immeasurably from their hardiness and adaptability as
well as from their familiarity with the ways of the modern
world.

While few commoners swom to Ailil's blazon achieve
title or rank, we keep them loyal to us through a variety
of incentives. Freedom to act without the restraints
imposed upon them by Seelie fae serves as a powerful
motivation, as do rewards such as a stable of enchanted
mortals, or gifts of dross and small treasures. Commoners
who don't respond to the carrot receive the stick. Fear
and intimidation work miracles when judiciously ap-
plied.

Of course, some kith are more useful to us than
others. The following views of the various commoner
kith express the general views of House Ailil, as well as
my own prejudices.

Boggans

Most boggans shun any contact with the Unseelie
houses. Their depressingly Seelie natures predispose them
toa moral priggishness that clashes with our own more
liberal morés. In general, we tend to avoid wholesale
attempts at recruiting these dowdy wallflowers.

The few Unseelie boggans we attract, however, make
excellent clerks, housekeepers and managers. The boring
minutiae of freehold life exercises an unfathomable hold
over these born drudges. Their predilection for rumors
and gossip also makes them excellent spies provided we
can insert them into Seelie holdings. (A certain noble of
House Dougal would faint if he realized that his boggan
chef reported his comings and goings faithfully to our
house.)

Boggans' penchant for causing mischief whenever
they feel slighted warrants caution in dealing with them.
In many cases, they are more trouble than they're worth.
Let the Seelie fae waste their time coddling their boggan
allies. We have better things to do than spend our days in
such dull company.

36 The Book of Houses 2

While I cannot vouch personally for the worth of
engaging in dalliances with boggans, I have heard that
they bring the same thorough and meticulous approach
to their physical appetites as they do to the rest of their
activities.

Cshu

Both Seelie and Unseelie varieties of this kith are
perpetual wanderers and inveterate meddlers; in fact,
sometimes there seems very little difference between
members of the two courts. While the eshu as a group
tend to avoid political entanglements, a few individuals
seem to take pleasure in adding politics to their list of
scams. We welcome the appearance of one of these
travelers in our freeholds, for their arrival usually signals
some significant alteration of present circumstances.

Eshu make good messengers and reliable (ifeccentric
scouts) when they remember to send reports of their
discoveries or deliver their messages. Their knack for
knowing where to be at any given time and how best (for
them) to get there often allows us advance warning of
trouble. (When all the eshu in residence leave your
freehold, you can count on the imminent appearance of
adelegation from the Knights of the Red Branch or some
other tool of Seelie oppression.)

Cultivate alliances with both Seelie and Unseelie
eshu. At heart, all of them resent the second-class status
accorded their kith, and often respond to your promises
torecognize their innate noble blood. Just remember that
every contact with one of the eshu representsa calculated
risk. Most of the time the odds are in your favor if you
remember to stack the cards.

Nockers

The sheer talent of these foul-tongued inventors
alone makes them invaluable to us, both as individuals
and asa house. Fortunately for us, Unseelie nockers make
up the majority of this kith, probably due to their lack of
restraint with regard to the creations of their hands.
Nockers represent our technological edge over the Seelie
Court. While our enemies pride themselves on the gad-
gets and weapons created by their loyal nocker retainers,
we have only to point to the wondrous chimerical ma-
chines fashioned by our nockers to demonstrate the true
extent of nocker ingenuity.

Wane'

Their generally unpleasant natures do not bother us
as much as they do our Seelie counterparts. We simply
leave nockers to their own devices (literally) and ignore
theirincomprehensible gibberish. Although I have heard
that their unintelligible curses actually comprise a con-
cealed language used to communicate complex technical
instructions and pass along kith secrets, I see little point
in attempting to decipher their code. (I have no personal
desire to understand the jargon of computer program-
mers either.)

Keeping these perpetual curmudgeons happy and
productive, however, often poses a problem. Their egos
do not take insults or imagined slights with good grace.
Our harsher methods of controlling the subordinate
Kithain often produce an unpleasant backlash when used
against nockers. Treat them with kid gloves, even if you
customarily use the whip and chair on your other retain-
ers.

Pooka

Ignore them at your peril. While Seelie pooka are
amusing at best, annoying at worst, Unseelie members of
this kith can kill you with one of their pranks and laugh
itoffasa mistake later. Despite the unpredictable danger
these animalistic Kithain represent, we court their alle-
giance (at a distance) because of their kaleidoscopic
ability to reconfigure the truth. We appreciate their
mastery of the art of dissembling and disinformation.

The care and feeding of your pooka retainers involve
managing to stay one step ahead of their mental gyra-
tions. For our house, this does not present a difficulty,
though I hear that members of House Balor have trouble
keeping up with the twists and turns of a pooka's conver-
sation. Each individual has her own particular manner of
communicating; learning the various forms of "pooka-
speak" makes it possible to converse with them without
going mad.

Because the
using pooka as spies or messengers carries a certain
amount of risk. I recommend employing them as infiltra-
tors, insinuating them (once they have demonstrated
their loyalty to us) into Seelie freeholds or cliques. Once

have such a loose hold on the truth,

they are in place, all that is necessary is to sit back and
watch them wreak their own particular form of havoc.

Ky

They are exceptionally effective within Gwydion strong-
holds, since the "noblest" of the sidhe feel bound to
protect all the commoners under them. Imagining the
sight of a Gwydion lord or lady wincing every time a
pooka opens her mouth has warmed my heart on many a
cold night.

While the idea of seeking out a pooka as a lover or
companion does not appeal to everyone, I find that this
kith often arouses my interest in wild experimentation.
Occasionally, the results are more than a little painful,
but the experience is always worthwhile (if you survive
it)

Redcaps

As rare as Unseelie boggans are, Seelie redcaps are
even rarer. Almost without exception, the killers of the
Kithain belong to the Winter Court. Since winter repre-
sents the death of the world prior to its rebirth, it only
seems fair that the executioners of changeling society
adhere to the tenets of the Unseelie fae.

In the words of Lord Declan, one of our house's most
astute strategists, "when subtlety fails, send in the red-
caps." We consider this bloodthirsty, unprincipled kith
our shock troops (both literally and figuratively). Their
appalling zest for maiming and cannibalizing their enemy
decimates the morale of any who oppose them. For this
reason, we try not to arouse their enmity.

As a group, redcaps show little discipline and even
less restraint. Thus, we seldom use them for pinpoint
strikes. Sending an army of them against an enemy is
tantamount to a declaration of "no quarter." Redcaps do
not take prisoners, unless their larders need replenishing.

As individuals, redcaps can demonstrate a phenom-
enal loyalty to those who gain their respect. Intimidation
works well with this kith, since redcaps understand the
authority of superior force. Occasionally, a redcap will
strike up a friendship with one of our house. When this
occurs, the lucky Ailil sidhe gains the benefit of having
a lethal weapon constantly near to hand.

Don't even think about conducting an affair with a
redcap. Just don't. Well... no, don't.

House Ailil

Sacyrs

Lascivious, lustful and wise — I can think of no
better combination outside of the qualities of our own
house. Satyrs, particularly Unseelie ones, demonstrate a
sensuality that is frightening in its intensity and irresist-
ible in its allure. While too many sidhe write satyrs off as
lechers and debauchers (foolishly considering these at-
tributes as vices), we realize their legendary sagacity and
their cleverness at strategy. Likewise, we appreciate their
musical talent and their love for revelry. The songs of
many an Unseelie satyr bard often grace our gatherings
and inspire us to heights of sensation and depravity.

More pragmatically, satyrs provide the nobles of our
house with the benefit of their philosophical insights and
their knowledge of both human and faerie natures. They
also occasionally demonstrate their expertise at gather-
ing information from guests through their command of
the art of pillow talk and the arousal of their partners'
passions. A few members of our house employ satyrs as
chief interrogators, relying on them to use their unique
ability to combine pain and pleasure in the torture
chamber to extract even the most closely held secrets
from Seelie captives.

Lhighly recommend the cultivation of satyrs both in
the halls of diplomacy and the bowers of love. Even the
Seelie ones have their "good days."

Scachach Sidhe

Icount these diminished sidhe (or half-sidhe) among
the commoners because they ape the commoner kith in
their adaptation to the world after the Sundering. Their
choice to mingle their bloodline with that of humankind
forever altered their natures, rendering them less than
sidhe. By their own admission, Scathach sidhe remain
close to their human kin, thus widening the gap between
themselves and others of their near-kith.

Nevertheless, the Scathach make silent, efficient
warriors. Unseelie members of this house frequently hire
out as mercenary knights. Whenever we can, we attempt
to employ these soldiers-for-hire; when we can induce
them to swear oaths of loyalty to us, we seldom hesitate.
Far better to have a troop of trained Scathach warriors
fighting under the silver dragon than laboring for the
cause of House Gwydion or House Fiona.

38 The Book of Houses 2

We also find the Scathach grasp of Dream Craft
invaluable in our attempts to understand the elusive
nature of the Dreaming. If we are to survive and prosper
during the Long Winter and beyond, we must learn the
secrets contained within the Dreaming. The Scathach
sidhe may hold the key to this most important undertak-
ing.

A movement within our house exists to attempt to
bring the Scathach sidhe wholly within the Unseelie
fold. Restore their house's name and blazon to the ranks
of the true nobility, these proponents say, and we will not
need to beat our heads against the wall currying favor
with House Liam. We will increase the ratio of Unseelie
to Seelie while at the same time enhancing our strength
in battle. Why courta house of pacifists when we can gain
a house of warriors?

Sluagh

The secretive sluagh tend to favor their Unseelie
legacies over their Seelie ones. Since most of the Seelie
houses despise the whisperers, the sluagh naturally gravi-
tate toward the houses that do accept them without
cringing from their occasionally distressing presence.
The Seelie loss is our gain.

Sluagh sworn to Ailil's banner provide us with a
connection to the largest changeling information net-
work in existence. While we do not delude ourselves into
believing that even our most loyal sluagh spies report
every piece of intelligence they uncover to us (or only to
us), we place great reliance on the information they
gather.

While sluagh rarely excel in open combat, they make
perfect assassins and poisoners. Their ability to infiltrate
even the most carefully guarded freeholds in order to
perform a piece of wetwork borders on the uncanny. Just
remember that the sluagh hold their own allegiances as
well, and they can just as easily use a knife or poison vial
on youason your enemies. Keep them happy and, in most
cases, you can rest with only one eye open.

A word to the wise: Though some sluagh exercise a
dark seductiveness, be wary of allowing one into your bed
unless you have a death wish or post guards inside your
bedroom.

Ra

RG

YW ans

Trolls

While most trolls fall within the Seelie camp, both
Seelie and Unseelie members of this kith have an un-
shakable sense of loyalty to those who hold their oaths.
Trolls make the best bodyguards imaginable (similar to
possessinga pet tank). If you can entice one of these giant
warriors into an oath bond, you can greatly increase your
chances for long life. In the dangerous game of politics,
having a few tolls at your back becomes a necessity
rather than a luxury.

Beware arousing the anger of a troll, especially if she
issworn to you. The legendary wrath of their kind knows
no limits.

On the other hand, the judicious direction ofa troll's
anger against your enemies can turn the tide in battle.
Simply remind them of the injustices their race has
suffered at the hands of the (Seelie) sidhe and let them
loose. Reminding them that we have their best interests
at heart can usually protect us from the fallout of their
anger; most trolls suffer from an innate simplicity of mind
and respond easily to manipulation.

The best way to ensure a troll's loyalty, besides with
an oath, lies in winning her heart. The love of a troll,
while overwhelming and exhausting, provides a sense of
security few members of our house ever experience. |
heartily recommend commissioning an oversize bed for
your personal chambers.

Thallain

I think of the Thallain as the true children of the
Long Winter. They provide a graphic example of what
happens when one legacy completely overwhelms the
other. Their total lack of a Seelie half proves to us the
horror of denying both sides of our dual nature. A
particularly cynical cousin of mine once commented that
when House Gwydion suppressed its Unseelie tenden-
cies, these wild and reckless impulses coalesced into the
five kith of the Thallain, thus, giving rise to the rotten
eggs of the falcon.

Still, individually and as a group, the Thallain have
their uses. We cannot afford to ignore the possibilities
they represent in our struggle toupset the current balance

of power. Only the Shadow Court seems capable of
exercising any control over these nightmarish fae; inclu-
sion of any of them in your retinue immediately brands
you as a member of that secret organization. Since most
sidhe assume that all members of House Ailil belong to
the Shadow Court, the presence of a few Thallain among
our ranks only adds fuel to the rumor.

Beascies

Though they masquerade as pooka, beasties have
none of the winsome playfulness associated with those
pranksters. As hard to control as the wild animals they
resemble, beasties serve you best when you simply point
them in the direction of your target (be it person, place
or thing) and yell, "Sic ‘em!"

Do not allow them into your freehold if you wish it
to remain in one piece.

Boggarcs

Boggarts make up for the lack of Unseelie boggans.
They are among the most tractable of the Thallain,
although their penchant formaking busyworkand bring-
ing whole warrens of their "relations" into your freehold
to keep up with the proliferation of tasks (most of which
they created for the express purpose of employing more of
their kind) can drain the resources of a household unless
carefully monitored. Before entering into an agreement
witha boggart, make certain that you close any loopholes
in your pact with them.

I find it better to make do without them, personally.
On the other hand, encouraging them (in the guise of
boggans) to apply to a Seelie household for protection
and employment frequently-results in financial ruin-and
mental frustration for our enemies.

Bogies

Bogies make even the most Unseelie of the sluagh
seem Seelie in comparison. We use these Thallain spar-
ingly, whenever we need an assassination performed in
dramatic style or for creating a wave of terror among our
enemies. The problem with employing bogies lies in the
fact that their loyalty to anyone other than themselves
(and, occasionally, the sluagh community that shelters
them) is questionable, at best.

House Aili

d

nN Personally, [find bogies distasteful to the extreme
RAN and avoid dealing with them whenever possible. I'd
Mex sooner take a sluagh to my bosom than give one of
A the bogies the time of day.

N The Shadow Court uses bogies and man-
AY aeresexerccone sorcofcontzal overthem:

¥) I applaud their technique, whatever it is.
KA

Godlins

Along with boggarts, goblins have some
2) use other than causing panic and terror. Like
A their nocker relations, goblins possess the gift
S of craft. Their machines of destruction some
\s times reflect an uncannily subtle touch, bely-
A) ing their true purposes until activated, Gob-
4) lin weapons, while sometimes treacher-

ous, exemplify the skill of their cre-

N ators.

KS We take great delight in helping
A) a goblin pass himself off as a nocker
and join an enemy'sfief. Eventually,

\S
WA) the ruse is discovered, but in the
A)

time it takes to do so, most goblins

(Ra can accomplish a creditable wave of
2) destruction.
Sy Allow them into your freehold

with caution; their implements of
rR destruction often work against the

wa) ones who use them. Give their
}
Q

A "Weapons" to your enemiesas peace
« =)

=

watch them blow themselves up
A) Ogres

Ra

3) Listen to me very carefully.
=)

Sy Do not attempt to control the
v2
KN actions of an ogre unless you

offerings — then, sit back and

2
(Wa have the complete backing of

ts
—) the Shadow Courtandanarmy

S\N of Unseelie trolls and redeaps
XS) at your back (or in front of
VR you). Show no weakness of
a will die.

2
A

The Book of Hou


They have no conception of politics, so donot try to
enlist them in affairs that require finesse. On the other
hand, if an ogre perceives that you hold some sort of
power over it thatexceeds its comprehension, the chances
are good that it will obey you out of respect for this
unknown force — at least, for a time.

Unless desperation drives you to seek out the assis-
tance of the ogres, avoid doing so.

Gallain

In simple terms, the Gallain are those fae whose
natures we do not fully comprehend. They donot fall into
the categories of the known kith, nor do they belong
among the ranks of the Thallain (though some might
place the fomori among the monstrous ones). Neverthe-
less, the creatures who connect with the Dreaming in any
fashion whatsoever deserve careful study and an assess-
ment of their usefulness or superfluousness.

Fomori

Different from, yet strangely similar to the first chil-
dren of Balor of the Evil Eye, the creatures known as
fomori have apparently risen from human experimenta-
tion. House Balor remains the undisputed expert on
these mutated former humans, since they perceive some
connection between the fomori of today and their an-
cient near-kin.

Occasionally, one of our Balor cousir
a fomori retainer. While these creatures have their uses
and possess a limited capacity for magic, their life spans
are short. Eventually, they self-destruct. This restricts

s has loaned us

them, in my opinion, to short-term engagements.

Our occasional associations with werewolves (which
Ishall delineate later) also indicate that the fomori have
some sort of inborn enmity to most of the werewolf
population. I do not recommend attempting to bring the
two types of creatures together. Fomori seem to hate
werewolves with a single-minded passion that resembles
Gwydion's dislike of the Unseelie — only worse.

Inanimae

These enigmatic creatures, bonded as they are to
inanimate objects, remain so far from our comprehension
that we wonder whether trying to pierce the communi-
cation barrier between us and them is worth the attempt.
What could they tell us if we could understand them?

Some lore masters of our house insist that the
Inanimae hold the secret to survival during the Long
Winter. Banality does not seem to affect them in their
current state. Perhaps we need to discover a similar
fashion of protecting ourselves during the worst of the
inevitable Winter, so long as we can be assured of
reversing it afterwards.

Losz Ones

One of our highest priorities must be the location of
the sites of these ancient fae, and the recovery, if possible,
of any treasures that the Lost Ones' lairs might contain.
Ifany of the Lost Ones themselves have survived in their
Glamour-drenched hiding places, we have a duty to
attempt to bring them back into the world as well.

We suspect that one of these Dream-pockets serves
as the lair of our own founder, Ailil, the Silver Dragon of
Connaught. If this is true, then we must do everything
within our power to affect his return.

Even if, as some of our soothsayers believe, Ailil has
wholly embraced his Seelie nature, surely he will com-
prehend the need to restore the ancient balance of the
Twin Courts. Although we doubt that Eiluned herself
survived the Shattering, the return of Ailil might offer us
the chance to reunite our sister houses into one great
house of Summer and Winter.

Nunnehi

The native fae of the American continents have
little reason to love us. In our desperation to find shelter
from the early signs of the Sundering, some of our more
adventurous members fled westward to the as-yet-undis-
covered lands across the great western sea. The enmity
caused by our failure to understand the ways of the
nunnehi lasts to this day. Only a few sidhe have managed
to come to an accord with these quasi-changelings.

We would simply dismiss them out of hand as irrel-
evant to our house's goals were it not for the fact that the
nunnehi possess a means of gathering Glamour that does
not rely on human creativity. If we could learn how to
mimic their ways, we would have an additional supply of
Glamour available to us to aid us in the Long Winter.
Perhaps, too, we could prove to the Seelie misers that
Glamour is not as rare a commodity as they would like us
to think.

House Aili!


These elemental fae have linked their essences to
natural objects — trees, rocks, waterfalls, mountains and
the like. We know too little about them, but we suspect
that, like the Inanimae, they possess knowledge that we
need. If the society of nymphs revolves around the
seasons, as | feel it must, then these creatures must possess
both Seelie and Unseelie natures. Do you see where my
commentary is heading?

I believe that the creatures whose very forms mirror
the seasons can teach us much about weathering the
coming Winter. Although studying the nymphs is not
our highest priority, a few of our keenest experts in
Remembrance now devote themselves to collecting the
memories of these site-bound fae.

Prodigals

The lost children of the fae, known as Prodigals,
provide a conundrum for most of the other noble houses.
Most of the Seelie fae include the Prodigals in the
Escheat's ban on revealing our true natures. We, how-
ever, see it as our obligation to make contact with our
distant kin whenever possible. Because of this, we know
more about vampires, werewolves and magi than many
other changelings do. The spirits of the dead, as well,
while not precisely Prodigals, hold a certain fascination
for those of us who remember the legend of the Bright
Road.

Exercise caution whenever you approach any of the
Prodigals. They usually have their own agendas, which
do not often coincide with ours. Some of them, as well,
present a danger to our kind. Ifyou think the risk is worth
it, though, by all means, take it. You might be well
rewarded by doing so.

Children of Lilith

Of all the Prodigals, vampires appeal to us most
because of their interest and involvement in mortal
politics. While the internal affairs of most vampire groups
lie beyond our kenning, we have managed to learn alittle
about these half-dead walking Dreams.

While many vampires reek of Banality due to the
extreme measures they take to deny the truth of their
existence, others exude a dark Glamour that many
Unseelie fae (our house included) find unbearably at-
tractive. One group of vampires, seem to excel in the

42 The Book of Houses 2

political game. Whether watching their machinations
from a distance, or as one or two of our house have done,
from within their courts, we have learned much about
how to fine-tune our own intrigues. In addition, we find
that these vampires provide us with a rich source of
Glamour (albeit of a sinister vintage) from the twisted
glee they derive from their schemes.

It seems, as well, that vampire society has its own
version of Seelie and Unseelie courts. The Unseelie
vampires call themselves the Sabbath; they have the
same contempt for rigid rules and restrictions as we do
and some of our wilders have occasionally run with
"Sabbath observers," engaging in wild sprees of Ravaging
while the vampires pursue their own bloodthirsty games.

I must mention one other vampire cult that holds a
special attraction for us. The vampires that take their
name from the Spanish term for shadows (Las Ombras)
combine the dangerous allure of the Sabbath vampires
with the insidious political acumen of the others. I have
had the privilege of speaking with one of these shadowy
vampire elders about the resonances between the aims of
the Shadow Court and their own ambitions. While an
outright alliance between our house and Las Ombras (or
any vampires, for that matter) might prove too unwieldy
and complicated even for us, we might do well to look for
opportunities to cooperate with the Children of Lilith.

Lycanchropes

Of all the Prodigals who exhibit the power of
shapechanging into animal forms, the werewolves (or
wolfkin, as they prefer to be called) are by far the most
numerous, and the ones we know the most about. House
Fiona claims kinship with the werewolf family that also
calls itself Fiona. Our common Celtic origins might lead
to a closer association with the Fiona-wolves for our
house were it not for the fact that House Fiona has
poisoned the minds of these werewolves with lies about
members of House Ailil. A complicated situation, indeed
— it is best to trust no one claiming Fiona roots, whether
wolfkin or fae.

On the other hand, we have found an affinity with
other werewolves. Like us, many display a flair for politics
and intrigue and exude a confidence in their own abilities
that reminds us very much of our own temperament.

Werewolves often make their homes upon sites of
natural Glamour, and consider themselves the guardians
of these places. While we have heard rumors that many
werewolves believe we would steal the Glamour from
these glens if we could, they have obviously never learned
the truth of the matter. Unless we learn how to extract
Glamour from the natural world, as the nunnehi do, we
can make little use of their precious sanctuaries.

Ghoscs

The Ritualists of the Shadow Court (many of whom
belong to House Ailil) have an abiding interest in the
lands of the dead due to their attempts to revive the
Ritual of the Teign. Most of our contact with anything
resembling ghosts comes about during the Samhain rev-
els, when legends say the barriers between all the worlds
weaken. Attempts to communicate with the lingering
souls of dead mortals at any other time of the year
generally fail. Unless someone can prove that the dead
have anything to offer us, | recommend we leave them to
their unhappy prowls.

Dag

These humans have managed to awaken a part of
themselves that can touch the Dreaming in a limited
fashion. Though they do not suffer from Banality as we
do, it seems that magi also find the unalterable laws of
reality difficult to deal with. While most fae avoid mod-
em magi, we have evidence in songs and stories that magi
and faeries often crossed paths in earlier times. Few magi
today understand our kind. The Seelie would like to keep
itthat way. Our house, while we observe extreme caution
when treating with magi, has made contact with a few of
them. In particular, we attempt to converse with the
sorcerers of a "house" (commoners...) of death-witches
who have an interest in the circle of life. Because they
focus on death, rather than life, however, they may be
able tolend ussome assistance in understanding the Long
Winter — and, possibly, surviving it. The Verbena fam-

ily, of course, has had a long association with the fae.
They, too, understand the crime of trying to stop nature
inits tracks. We have yet to determine just what benefit
we can gain from magi.

Some groups of magi pose a direct threat to us, either
because they desire to master us or to experiment upon us
(a practice that usually leads to the death of our faerie
soul if not our mortal body as well). As with any of the
Prodigal, I caution discretion and care when dealing with
them. I forbid nothing except stupidity. The magi who
use science as magic increase the amount of Banality in
the world by their denial of mystery and wonder. Calling
themselves the World's Order, they actively seek to
destroy us as reality deviants (a term I heard used by the
one | narrowly escaped from a few years ago). Like the
Seelie who would like to achieve an Endless Summer in
the world, the scientist-wizards work to bring about an
Endless (as opposed to a Long) Winter.

The Daunzain

These fae who deliberately deny their natures and
turn against the dreaming both intrigue and repulse us.
We see in the Dauntain that which we might become
unless we achieve a new understanding of the relation-
ship between Banality and the Dreaming. As the Long
Winter approaches and Banality (as most fae define it)
increases, we believe that more and more of the fae will
succumb to the despair and self-hatred epitomized by the
existence of the Dauntain.

While some fae attack Dauntain with an almost
missionary zeal, hoping either to destroy or convert
them, House Ailil prefers to observe them from afar. By
watching the working out of their pact with Banality, we
might learn how to avoid their plight. Despite accusa-
tions within the Seelie Court, we do not customarily lead
the Dauntain in the direction of our rivals, though the
idea tempts us the more we hear it voiced.

CMDorcals

House Ailil strives for supremacy in mortal as well as
fae society. We believe that our attempts to avoid inter-
ference in human affairs actually advanced the Sunder-
ing. Had we managed to exert our will upon human
history at certain pivotal moments, the institutions that
promulgated the spread of Banality, and the rise of
disbelief in the supernatural world, might not have taken.
root.

House Ailit

Our relations with mortals run the gamut from inti-
mate to superficial. Other houses call us fae supremacists.
Frankly, they are right. We acknowledge that in order to
survive we must come to some sort of accommodations
with the mortal world and its inhabitants; after all, we
wear a mortal body at least part of the time. But where
many fae, particularly members of the Seelie Court,
would treat with humans on equal terms, revere them as
"dreamers" or keep a polite distance from them, we

believe that our survival lies ultimately in exercising
dominion over them.

In addition to our genuine fascination with mortal
politics, House Ailil devotes so much of its attention to
that subject for a very practical reason. To rule mortals,
we must learn how to best them in their own game.

A few groups of mortals, described below, deserve
special consideration.

The Enchanced

The enchantment of mortals remains our most effec-
tive means of controlling those we interact with on an
intimate basis. We almost always open the eyes of mortal
lovers. Human household servants and slaves receive the
full treatment, since they spend so much time within our
freeholds attending to our needs. Occasionally, we will
enchant worthy mortals (our protégés in the political or
business arenas) if we deem them capable of keeping our
secret. Despite our apparent closeness with many of our
enchanted humans, we do not consider them our equals.

Kinain and Dreamers

While no mortal may attain full membership in our
house, the kinain come the closest to achieving parity
with us. The mortals who form our human relations often
manifest some small connection with the Dreaming. The
kinain serve us as allies and intermediaries in situations
where we cannot deal directly with the mortal world.
They provide succor and protection when we have need
of it. While we do not allow ourselves to become be-

was 44 The Book of Houses 2
Ln \)

La RP ce CL VX Ce

holden to them, we do acknowledge the services they

provide us by assisting them in their own endeavors.
Those humans who serve as our Dreamers usually

Many of our Dreamers come from the

share our inte!
ranks of politicians; strangely enough, the goals espoused
by these expert manipulators matter less than the meth-
ods used to attain them — a rare instance of the means
justifying the end rather than the reverse. We derive as
much Glamour from the orations of certain Southern
congressmen as we do from the impassioned pleas of
sts and the sleazy evasions of presi-

environmental acti
dential appointees.

We also select Dreamers in the fields of corporate
politics, the media and advertising — all areas in which
clevernessand subtlety abound. Most other fae find these
aspects of the mortal world boring and rife with Banality.
We enjoy the lack of competition for Dreamers in these

areas.

OF course, some of our Dreamers belong to the
aesthetic community. We pride ourselves on the variety
of our interests.

Aucumn People

We define as Autumn People those mortals who lack
any sort of imagination whatsoever. We stay as far away
from these boring pedants and pedestrian-minded mate-
tialists as possible. Most of the Autumn People have
nothing to recommend them to us; their perceptions of
"ality" lesvenio toch for any sortof wonder or creative
processes. They simply follow the rules, refuse to ask
questions and trundle through existence without ever
wondering if there's any point to itall. The danger we see
is that they are multiplying as the world grows colder. In
part, our involvement in politi¢s and other areas that
other fae label as "banal" comes from an attempt to
prevent those aspects of life from falling prey to the true
ravages of the Autumn People.



In addition to such notorious personages as the Irish
terrorist Doireannara and the Elvis-impersonating Duke
Florian of the Duchy of Graceland, House Ailil boasts a
gallery of prominent individuals known less for their
flamboyance than for their contributions to the long-
term aims of their house. The following descriptions of
notable members of House Ailil provide a glimpse into
the past, present and future leaders of the House of the
Silver Dragon.

A\ilil

Long before the Sundering, in an age remembered
only in old sagas and preserved only in the ruins of
ancient burial mounds and stone forts, Ailil ruled in
Hibernia as a king of both mortals and fae. Dark and
brooding, powerfully attractive and possessed of a keen
intelligence, Ailil possessed a fierce passion for both love
and war. Skilled in battle as well as diplomacy, he seemed
destined to forge a lasting kingdom of the fae. Despite his
promise, Ailil possessed a flaw that would prove the
undoing of all his ambitions — an inability to remain
aloof from the world of mortals. Some believe that Ailil
sought mortal glory and power to distract himself from
the ominous warnings of his beloved sister, Eiluned.
Time and again, he donned mortal flesh and entered the
stream of human history, taking lovers and leading armies

with his irresistible charm and guile.

Though his own temperament favored the Seelie
Court, Ailil gathered to himself a host of Unseelie fae,
who swore allegiance to him as Winter King and sought
to keep alive the balance of the seasons.

The belief that Ailil may have survived the Shatter-
ing as one of the Lost Ones has grown into one of House
Ailil's most persistent myths. Rumors abound that, from
his hiding place within his Dream-shrouded lair, Ailil
has continued to exert his will, through dreams and
visions, upon the world — and particularly upon mem-
bers of his house. In any case, the spirit of Ailil — brash,
brilliant and cunning — permeates his house, living on
in those who wear the badge of the silver dragon:

High Lord Crdach

As chief spokesperson for House Ailil, High Lord
Erdath holdsa nominal seat in the Parliament of Dreams,
though he rarely attends its convocations except to issue
"position statements" urging a return to a sharing of
power. The acknowledged leader of the House of the

Silver Dragon prefers to spend his time traveling around
the world, guesting with various Ailil lords and ladies.
Wherever he goes, he bears a message of continued
struggle against the Seelie monopoly of power.


Lord Erdath's personal charisma has led many to
compare him to the founder of House Ailil. Certainly his
regal bearing and unshakable confidence in his own
abilities bear the mark of Lord Ailil himself.

Although his position as one of the nine high lords
affords him a sort of diplomatic immunity, Lord Erdath

does not trust his Seelie counterparts to refrain from
seeking to nullify the threat he presents to their power
bloc. Asa result, he surrounds himself with a contingent
of troll bodyguards sworn to protect him. In addition, his
retinue also includes his protégé of the moment, chosen
from among the most promising young nobles of House
Ailil. Although Lord Erdath demands much of those he
favors, he gives each of his charges a thorough grounding
in politics, etiquette, diplomacy and intrigue.

As the most vocal and visible of the Unseelie high
lords, Lord Erdath has become the focal point for a
movement calling for him to take advantage of the
current confusion in Concordia and claim the throne of
the high king in the name of the Winter Court. Lord
Erdath maintains that he has no active part in such a
scheme.

Lady Viccoria

The life of Lady Vittoria, courtesan extraordinare of
15th-century Florence, stands as an example of Ailil
influence during the Interregnum. Born to a wealthy
Florentine family, Vittoria della Mira came into her
Chrysalis during the height of the Italian Renaissance.
The Unseelie satyrs who discovered her and took her into
their midst traced her lineage back to Lord Giacomo, a
satyr adopted into House Ailil at the time of the Shatter-
ing and charged with the duty of maintaining the free-
hold of his departed lord. Thus, in due time, Lady Vittoria
came into possession of an enchanted villa on the out-
skirts of Florence. Her astonishing beauty and sensuous
presence attracted a host of suitors from the Florentine
nobility. Though she finally succumbed to the advances
of one of her courtiers, Lady Vittoria quickly enchanted
her husband and tamed him to her will. Her respectabil-
ity in Florentine society ensured by her married status,
Lady Vittoria soon established her reputation as a patron

Ky

of the arts anda hostess of rare taste. Among the notables
who graced her villa were members of the de Medici
family, various promising painters and musicians and an
aspiring civil servant named Niccold Machiavelli. Al-
though the patriarchal structure of Florentine govern-
ment prohibited women from taking a direct role in
politics, Lady Vittoria exercised a great deal of indirect
influence through her social contacts and discreet love
affairs. Her love for instigating conflictand rivalry among
the Florentine ruling class had an unmistakable part in
the turbulent politics of that city during Vittoria's life-
time. Her achievements as a loyal retainer and faithful
servant of House Ailil have made her a folk hero among
contemporary commoners belonging to that house.

Lady Stdine

A former protégé of High Lord Erdath, Lady Slaine
now servesher liege as his personal recorder as well as the
official chronicler of the history and ways of House Aili
Nearly at the end of her wilder yeats, Lady Slaine projects
an aura of calm self-assurance born of her rigorous tute-
lage under the foremost member of her house. Her
appearance is striking rather than traditionally beautiful;
the strong, harsh features of her face suggest an inner
strength while her colorless eyes help conceal her true
feelings from others.

House Aitil

Her frequent attendance at the Parliament of Dreams
as Lord Erdath's proxy has brought her to the attention
of many of the important fae of Concordia. She openly
voices her opinion of the Seelie stranglehold on
Concordia's government, though she advocates peaceful
reform (at least in public).

Though she appears content to act as Lord Erdath's
voice in matters of state, many Ailil sidhe believe that
Lady Slaine is the true guiding force of House Ailil.
While Lord Erdath promotes his image of the world-
traveling diplomat, he serves as a convenient focus for
observers of House Ailil. Meanwhile, Lady Sl4ine con-
ducts the actual business of ruling House Ailil under the
pretense of speaking for the high lord.

Asanactive member of the Cat's Cradle, Lady Slaine
cultivates many contacts in House Eiluned and the other
Seelie houses. In this fashion, she hopes to forge a bond
among the fae that will lay the groundwork for a return
to the alternation of power between Seelie and Unseelie

courts.

Dey Kes

cor

Counc Declan

The meteoric rise to power of Count Declan as one
of House Ailil's leading military strategists has caused
many to wonder if the House of the Silver Dragon has
decided to place more emphasis on armed strength rather
than diplomacy and guile. Early in his fosterage, Declan
demonstrated a remarkable skill in weapons of all kinds

as well as a tenacious grasp of tactics. Inducted soon after
his Saining into the Guardians of the Silver Dragon,
Declan soon distinguished himself in tournaments and
other martial competitions. His moment of glory came,
however, when he led a group of Guardians to the rescue
ofa member of the high lord's entourage held captive by
a group of Dauntain deprogrammers. Lord Erdath re-
warded Declan's bravery and success by naming him a
countof House Ailil, despite the fact that the title had no

lands to accompany it.

Instead, Declan has used his status to recruit other
young Ailil sidhe into the Guardians, teaching them the
fine arts of warfare. Since the high king's disappearance,
Declan regularly meets with the high lord and other
prominent house members for planning sessions to dis-
cuss contingency plans for an armed uprising against the
Seelie of Concordia.


Declan's primary failing lies in his inability to avoid
confrontations with members of House Gwydion, al-

though he manages to restrict open combat against

Gwydion knights to formal duels or the tournament
ground.

Tall and slim, with dark brown hair and blue eyes,
Declan carries himself with a confidence born of hard
trainingand a knowledge of his own strengthsand others'

weaknesses.

Princess Jessamy

Though still a childling (and a young one at that),
Princess Jessamy has already come to the attention of
House Ailil's leaders. With her winsome features, long
blond hair and dark blue eyes, Jessamy projects an air of
innocent mischief that hides a canny intelligence and a

calculating personality.

A distant cousin of Yrtalien ap Ailil, J
countered the Forsworn prince shortly after her
From him, she learned about the Shadow Court and its

aining.

mission to redress the Seelie control of Concordia. Her
cousin's words left a deep impression on the childling,
filling her with an ambition rare in one so young.
Chosen as the Green Child ina recent celebration of
my basked
lie fae, charm-

the Greening in the Kingdom of Willows
in the attention of both Seelie and Uns
ing changelings of both courts with her exuberance and
poise. Shadow Court Ritualists have reported omens
indicating that Jessamy will one day hold great power

within fae society and have already claimed her as one of
their own.

In her own words, "If ?m a princess now, that means
that one day I will be a queen of the Shadow Court. But
for now, I have to make lots of Seelie friends so that they
will like me, too."

Princess Jessamy's two closest companions are an
lie redcap and a Seelie troll — both childlings and
Seelie boggan

Uns
both oathbound to her. Her governess,

named Rosie, has devoted herself to Jessamy's protection

despite her Unseelie nature.

House Aili!

me:

TSS
AZ

oN

A

"<8


Roving Reporter

Quotes I'll spend a week in New York covering the
gubernatorial race, then I'm off to the mountains to check on
the manhunt in progress. After that, who knows? Of course,
P'll give my regards to Lord Declan when I'm in the Kingdom
of Willows — did you have a message for him?

Background: As the child of a Washington bureau-

A

CSIC

SY crat, you grew up surrounded by the heady atmosphere of

backroom politics. Your favorite TV programs were not
action-adventure or animated series, but talk-shows and
news commentaries. You learned at an early age that

Le

XG
SI

there was a difference between current events and their
presentation to the public.

In fact, your life changed utterly when you
overheard a conversation between your father and

GV

TR

a reporter involving the cover-up of a political
scandal. The realization that two people could
conspire to create a reality that other people would
accept as truth sparked your transformation from a
"mortal" high-school student into a sidhe of House
Ailil. A friend and political mentor of your father's sensed
the signs of your impending Chrysalis and took you in hand,
telling your family that he was taking you camping with his
son. Instead, this Ailil noble took you to an Ailil enclave
outside Washington and nursed you through your Dream
Dance. After your fosterage and Saining, you took your
place as a full member of House Ailil.

S)

2

In the mortal world, you also managed to get a degree in
journalism so that you could pursue the process of "making" the
news.

Now you travel throughout the world, reporting the
news as you see it and sating yourself on the rush of
twisting "facts" into a story of your own devising. You
relish the company of other journalists, who act as your
Dreamers; if one or two of them fall by the wayside,
products of apparent burnout — well, everyone knows
the risks of a high-stress career.

Your travels also give you the opportunity to visit
other members of your house throughout Concordia and
overseas as well. You serve House Ailil by carrying
messages and keeping distant members of the house in
touch with one another. So far, you haven't been trusted
with sensitive information, but you have high hopes that
your faithful service will soon gain you access to the real
power within your house, perhaps even within the
Shadow Court itself.

Roleplaying Hints: Act the part of the in-
quiring reporter when among mortals. Among

50 The Book of Houses 2

other fae, present your best face to everyone. Use your
charmand persuasive skills to ferret out information from
others. You realize that concepts such as "truth" and "the
facts" are flexible — play fast and loose with both. You
aim to insinuate yourself into the confidence of the
leaders of House Ailil and the Shadow Court. To do so,
you need to distinguish yourself. Look for opportunities
to do so.

Equipment: press pass, expensively casual clothes,
cell phone, think pad.


Seeming: Wilden
Player: Legacies: Outlaw/Wayhanen Kith: Cidhe
Chronicle: House: Citi Motley:

+A crntuces——<——_———
Physical Social CDencal
Strength ©0000 Charisma 0000 Perception @0000
Dexterity @0000 Manipulation. ©0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina, @@@00 Appearance. —@@000 Wits. @@000
y: | iy ij e
Talencs Skills noulledges
Alertness 00000 Crafts @0000 Computer ee000
Athletics. 00000 Drive. @0000 Enigmas___@0000
Brawl 00000 Etiquette 0000. Gremayre

Dodge. @0000 Firearms. 00000 Investigation.
Empathy. ©0000 Leadership 00000 Law
Intimidation, @0000 Melee 00000 Linguistics

Kenning Performance. 0000 Lore
Persuasion Security 00000 Medicine.
Streetwise. Stealth, @0000 Politics.
Subterfuge. Survival__ 00000 Science_ 00000
Nat
$A dvaneage-————_———
Backgrounds Arcs Realms
Contacts @@000 Chicaneny @e000 Acton @e000
Dreamens 0000 Waylare e@0000 Prop @@000
Resouces @@000 00000 00000
Retinue @0000 00000 00000
00000 00000 00000
——Orcher lracs—= ————Glamour' ——— ealch—$—
- Real Chimerical
Hurt = A Qa
Injured al Gl Q
———UUllpower Wounded -2 Q
@@0@0@8@00000 Mailed z 2 Qa
QBOO00000000 Crppled 5 Qa
Incapacitated Q
=Ravaging/CDusing Threshod= ———Banalicy =Birchrighcs/| Lraitcies=

@e@e@eo0000000

QO it [ Lal
Expertence| | 2

Permission granted to photocopy this page for personal use only.




what he sees, does he? She answered his smile shyly. And
I like that touch of vulnerability, she mused. I just need to
make certain he doesn't distract me...

e 6 86

Several dances later, somewhat breathless, he es-
corted her to the balcony fora break, then moved to fetch
them some mead. She gazed out over the gardens below,
softly lit with colorful lights. She wondered at her reac-
tion to her handsome, mysterious dancing partner. He's
distracting me and I don't have the luxury of a romance right
now. I've got to remember this party is just an excuse for me
to get close enough.

e 8 @

"Don't worry, Lyn, everyone will be concerned with
the revelry." Her trainer assured her. "No one's going to
remember anything later except their own concerns. If
anyone does notice you, they'll assume you're Eiluned —
or maybe Ailil. It's your first big assignment for the Pact,
it's only natural that you'd be nervous. After the dance,
wait until the guests return to their rooms. Your target
will be in the first room on the left past the grand
staircase. We want the Gwydion taken out, but if you
can't do it and get away, just leave. We'll get him later.
Are you sure you're fully committed? Can you do it?"

"Kill one of those over-inflated Seelie who murder
our kind whenever they find us? Don't be foolish! I'll
have his heart out before he even knows I'm there."

eo se @

Who was I trying to impress? she wondered now,
then murmured to herself, "I can do it."

"Lyn?"

She jumped guiltily, startled from her thoughts by his
return.

She's as shy as a deer, Declan thought, smiling. Her
dark eyes met his.

e @ @

Oberti signaled Declan near the end of the revel,
beckoning him into a shadowed corner.

"My lord, I've spent most of the party asking about
her and I think I know who she is."
"So do I. Her name is Lyn," Declan said.

"Her other name is Leanhaun, my lord," Oberti told
him, "She's Unseelie."

eo e @

Grateful that a satyr had distracted Declan, allowing
her to get away and hide from him, Lyn nonetheless
regretted his absence. It's been far too long since I met
anyone who attracted me like that, she sighed.

She had felt the connection as soon as they touched,
the spark that some Leanhaun experienced when meet-
ing the person who would become their greatest love.
Why did I meet him now? Why, when I have to prove myself
to the Pact?

Lyn slipped down the darkened hallway, moving
toward the shadows under the grand staircase. She felt
along the wall until she located the door and gingerly
tried the knob. The door whispered open and she stepped
inside.

e ¢ @

He turned the ring in his hands, moodily watching
the play of the single light in the depths of its faceted
jewel. How can I feel this way about an Unseelie, especially
one I've just met? Why have I never reacted like this to anyone
else?

Astlight noise from the doorway made him look up.
Framed in the doorway stood Lyn. She held a slender
dagger before her, its cold menace radiating outward
toward him.

"Lyn?"

"You're the Gwydion?" No!! Not him, I can't do this!
The dagger wavered in her hand, its cold iron nearly
burning her even through the heavy shielding of the
glove she wore.

He stood and moved toward her slowly, hand ex-
tended, the ring in his palm glinting. She held the dagger
out, more as if fending him off than threatening him.

"Yes," he said, "I'm the Gwydion. And you're House
Leanhaun. Do you seek my life?"

She methis eyes, looking deeply as if searching for his
soul, then tossed the dagger aside. Reaching for the ring,
she said, "Yes, as much of it and foras longas you'll entrust
it to me."

\

My Lory

ANS YOU SUSPECTED THE GWYDION DOES
INDEED HOLD A TOME THAT BETRAYS OUR
HOUSES MOST ARCANE SECRETS. THE FOOK
ISH GIRL WHO PUT IT IN THE KNIGHTS HANDS
HAS DISAPPEARED) THOUGH I HAVE SENT
OUT SEVERAL RIDERS OF THE MIDNIGHT
PAcT IN SEARCH OF HER. | DO NOT BELIEVE
HER PARAMOUR HAS YET TO READ ALL
THAT THE BOOK HOLDS WITHIN IT) AND I
MEAN TO GIVE HIM NO CHANCE TO DO So.
CGuri0usly HIS HUMAN FORM SUFFERS AN
AFFLICTION SIMILAR TO OUR OWN' BuT I
HAVE NO ILLUSIONS THAT THIS MAKES HIM
SYMPATHETIC TO OUR WOES. 1 SHALL WAIT
UNTIL HE RESTS THEN RECOVER THE TOME
AND MAKE CERTAIN HE DOES NOT PASS ON
ANYTHING HE HAS LEARNED TO ANYONE
ELSE AE PARTICULARLY ANY OTHERS OF HIS
ODIOUSLY SELFRIGHTEOUS HOUSE Never
FEAR' MY LORD. My HAND IS STEADY AND
MY AIM TRUE IN THE SERVICE OF OUR HOUSE,
T HAVE NEVER FAILED. .

Yours

Sir STRALLACH' CAPTAIN' KNIGHTS
PROTECTOR

‘WARRIOR OF THE MIDNIGHT Pact

BS Au TOO EASY, MY LORD. Heren I
ENCLOSE THE LADYS LETTER AND THE TOME
FOR YOUR PERUSAL

-S


Ww dactinig,

3 woont insult cither your intelligence or mine
by pretending You do not knove what J ac and
all the others of my house ae arm do had hoped
that you would understand Ve are aflile, you
and dt is only your pride that keeps you feorn
jointing me and faking vohat you need VWOhen
you yourself suffer as 3 do hove can You con
demn me for wanting to fice? an this horrid
tire, vohen voe knove not vohat we sidhhe go fo
vohen we pass onward feorn this mortal world
can you blame me for grasping as much fimeas
3 cane
_ dtis easy for you Youare a voartior ac strong
fierce anid unaleaid J am merely a courtesan,
decoration, a poor thing vwohose only talent lies
inher exquisite taste and charm VOhat voill 3 do
vohen my beaut fades, destroyed nonlya fevo
short months if 3 do nok ansvwoer my fercible
hurigec for Hlarnoue

Though itis against all the oaths of my house,
3 cannot bear to see you turn avoay from me in
disgust and hated Dove iconic that you savy I
am incapable of veal (owe. Jy placing this ac
count into your hands 3 betray afl others for
lowe of you. Win only plea is this: Promise me
that you voill cead all that lies voithin before you
condemn me. Do with it what you vwoill once
you understand all 3 pray you voill nok judge
me with your head but see me with your heart
and voeep for my benighted and accursed people
rather than seeking theic destruction,

Yours alvoarys,
Lady Acoinialygnocyia, your oven Dori

Hiscory of House
Leanhaun

Herein I have set forth the history of my house as it
was told to me. I make no claim that it is the exact truth,
fortruth has. way of changing itselfto fit the perceptions
of those who claim to know it. So far as I have been able

toverify the accounts, however, through consulting both

oracular sources and those commoners and nobles who
remember the times before, this is something akin to the
truth. Names, dates, places, what do these really matter?
It is enough to know that once we were so much more
than we are now. When you have read all, you will see
why wedoas we mustand why that is not necessarily such

ahorror to our kind as many would have you believe.

The CDychic Age

In the time of sun-kissed innocence and deeds of
glorious valor known as the Mythic Age, mighty ones
known as the Tuatha de Danaan ruled the land. The Isle

of Hibernia was a fair place, full of life and song and

beauty. How then could the youngest daughter born to
the Tuatha be otherwise? Leanhaun, they named her 2
"Lark's song," for her voice was pure and clear, her hair
like silvered sunlight, and her face as fair as the dawn
itself, The very air around her took on the scent of the
soft, white
spirited as any wild thing, Leanhaun raced the deer in the

forests and rode her faerie steed pell-mell along the

she wore tucked into her hair. Free-

elifftops overlooking the mighty sea. And yet she also
loved to sit quietly in the great hall playing easeful tunes
for her harp 2 each note filling the air with joyous
sound. It was said she could mend troubled hearts with
hervoice alone or bring healing to the wounded through
potent songs plucked from the strings of her harp.

All who knew her loved her and Leanhaun returned
their love with deep affection, but not with either heart's
devotion or love's fiery passion. This troubled many
among the sidhe. They a
white rose mere

ed themselves; is our fair,

y innocent in the ways of love or does she
lack some essential passion? How shall we awaken her
sensuality without destroying her purity?

Nohouse now admits to remembering this part of the
mythic dream, and yet it happened. Sidhe from all the
green fields of Hibernia and even the Isle of the Mighty


came together to contest for the right to be the one
chosen to guide Leanhaun in the ways of love and
passion. The lady herself was asked to travel far in search
ofa potent herb needed by the healers of her household.
She easily consented and was not at home when her
suitors met to decide her mate. For three days, they
fought and told stories, created poems and presented
their best arguments why they should be chosen as
Leanhaun's lover. It is said that the Giant's Dance came
about when they left the playing pieces where they fell
after one such contest. Though the Fiona argued might-
ily that one of their house should be Leanhaun's instruc-
tor in love, in the end, that honor went to Finellia of the
household of King Liam.

Sky-blue eyes shining with triumph, her long auburn
hair plaited back in a warrior's knot and clothed in her
finest jewels and gown, Finellia greeted Leanhaun at the
door upon her return. Leanhaun was surprised, a little
dismayed that so many had taken such pains to provide
a teacher for her and not a little curious to discover the
new knowledge Finellia imparted to her. For her part,
Finellia's instruction, while tender and loving, was thor-
ough in all particulars and left Leanhaun shaking with a
passion she had never known before. In that moment, as
Leanhaun lay in her arms, Finellia fell madly in love with
her charge. Leanhaun thought she felt the same, mistak-
ing new-found pleasure for the deeper feelings of love.
The two became inseparable.

Those who saw them together remarked upon the
change in Leanhaun. She retained her sweetness and
loveliness, yet now they were like outer garments cover-
ing a fiery passion within. She still loved the whirl and
excitement of court and attended as often as possible,
basking in the compliments heaped upon her, and the
congratulations accorded Finellia for her excellent in-
struction of the sidhe's white rose.

Finellia fell more and more under a spell of jealousy,
though, as she sought to keep Leanhaun away from any
others who might claim her attention. Finally, she could
not stand to come to court at all and lured Leanhaun to
undertake another pursuit with promises of wonders to be
seen elsewhere. Finellia took her toa human enclave and
bade Leanhaun look upon their craftsmen at their work.
Secretly, hiding her presence from their sight, Finellia
had come many times to the human village. She basked
in their creativity, watching them as they crafted intri-
cate jewelry or wove bright fabrics. Though their work

was not so fine as that of the fair folk, it held a vibrancy
born of their shorter life spans, and Finellia loved them
for it. Now she sought toshare her delight with Leanhaun.

As her final offering for the day, Finellia took
Leanhaun to a snug cottage near the edge of the village.
From within came the sounds of a harp.

"This one I love best of all," Finellia whispered to her
companion, "Edann is the king's bard, but he often comes
back to the village of his birth to play for his aging
mother."

Leanhaun looked upon Edann and listened to the
song he plucked from the small harp he heldas he sat near
his mother's bed. The woman lay pale and trembling, an
ancient hag held to life by the merest thread. Edann
himself was not a young man. His hair and beard were
streaked with silver, yet his hands upon the harp were
strong and browned by the sun and his eyes were kind. He
whispered soothing words in time to his playing and
Leanhaun recognized that he was trying to ease his
mother's passage from the world. In that instant, as her
whole spirit cried out for his pain, Leanhaun truly fell in
love.

Slipping from the shadows beside Finellia, she en-
tered the house and moved gracefully to the bard's side.

"No! Leanhaun, it is forbidden for you to interfere in
human death!" Finellia cried, but too late. Leanhaun
touched Edann's shoulder, then sank to the floor beside
him.

"Play!" she commanded, ensorcelling him with her
beauty and longing. Almost forgetting his dying mother,
inspired by the touch of faerie Glamour upon his very
soul, the bard began a new tune. As if torn from the
depths of his heart, it spoke of youth and passion, love
and loss, the dread starvation of Winter and the bright
renewal of Spring. In it was the cry of the newborn babe,
the laughter of children, the weeping of young widows
and the sighing rattle of aged breath, all spoken in the
pure voice of the harp. Never had such a song been heard
among humankind. The whole village gathered around
the house of the bard's mother to witness his farewell to
her.

Finellia looked upon Edann's face and saw that he
was lost in love with Leanhaun; she looked at Leanhaun
and saw that love returned tenfold to the mortal she had
touched. Then the old woman cried out a final time and
lay still. The song stopped. The bard's hands fell from the


harp strings and came to rest by his side. Chest heaving,
eyes staring at nothing, he sat on the stool, open-mouthed
and drooling. His eyes were utterly empty. As the song
ceased, Leanhaun looked up. She saw her new love's face
and great fear ran through her. She shook him and the
harp slid from his lap and clanged upon the floor, the
strings ringing with discord.

Finellia rushed in and grasped her arm, swinging
Leanhaun to her feet.

"We must go," she cried. "You have betrayed us all!"
With that, she pulled Leanhaun after her even as the
village folk began to gather stones and weapons, whisper-
ing of dread faerie magics and the stealing of souls. The
two sidhe ran until they were far from the village.

Finellia finally stopped and turned to face Leanhaun,
who still wept for the loss of Edann.

"[ thought you merely innocent, Leanhaun, but you
are reckless and heedless to all save your own desires. It
istrue I bear part of the blame for this for bringing you to
see the humans and for that I will never forgive myself.
My jealousy brought us to this. But you have done that
which is beyond forgiveness. You destroyed one of those
whose dreams give us shape and sustenance and for that,
Icurse you.

"curse you with the decay of all you hold most dear.
Istrike from you your youth and beauty, your innocence
and joy. May you become like that ancient crone who lay
before you in the cottage! May you be cursed with eternal
hunger for that which you most need, and may the
consuming of it bring you no lasting fulfillment. May you
always long for beauty, yet blight it by your touch and may
your love be as bitter poison to anyone given its taste. I
curse thee, Leanhaun and all of thy lineage until the stars
weep blood and the very earth grows cold beneath your
feet. This I bind to you with the power of the Dreaming
and my own death. Let it be so!"

And with those words, Finellia drew forth her dagger
and sliced it across her own throat. She fell, bleeding, as
Leanhaun sank to the ground under the onslaught of the
curse laid upon her by a princess of the House of Liam.
The white rose she wore in her hair turned deepest black.

After a time, a weeping Leanhaun took word back
that Finellia had slain herself. The others, knowing of
Finellia's jealousy and possessiveness, believed she killed
herself for love of Leanhaun. The tragic tale soon found
its way to most sidhe halls, though Leanhaun herself

Ky

never again spoke of it. Feeling that it might cheer her
sadness, the other great houses granted to Leanhaun the
right to call her household noble and take their place
among the others. As the House Leanhaun device she
chose a green field for her homeland of Hibernia, a
golden harp for Edann, and the shameful reminder of the
black rose that grew among the strings of the harp and cut
them with the thorns of love.

But the Dreaming interprets blessings and curses in
its own way. Finellia's jealousy tainted her righteous
anger over the mortal's Ravagement, twisting the mean-
ing of her curse. Rather than merely inflicting torment
on Leanhaun, it made it imperative for her to feed off
human creativity if she wished to retain her youth and
life, and all her house became subject to the same
malediction. Rather than protecting humans, Finellia's
curse made it far more likely that the House of Leanhaun
would prey upon them z and in exactly the same manner
as Leanhaun had.

While the glories and beauties of the Long Days
lasted, we forgot the other portion of the curse, for it
seemed unlikely that the conditions under which we
might be freed of it would ever come to pass. Finellia's
fears did not materialize then; there were no humans who
rose against the fae. Yet deep within their hearts, fear of
our power took root, nourished by an empty-eyed bard
who wasted away within days of being touched with
faerie Glamour.

And sowe endured, keeping our house's secret locked
within and spreading throughout Europe in search of
those who might provide us with what we needed to
survive. We were not the only cause of the rift between
mortal and fae, but Leanhaun's unthinking act certainly
served as one of the catalysts that brought about the
Sundering.

The Sundering

Not even the greatest loremaster among the fae can
tell you how the Sundering came about. I have spoken of
one incident, yet there must have been many more such
to bring the Long Days of Dreaming to an end. Among
the sidhe itis said that mortals began demanding what we
had shared freely in the past, that they sought to capture
the fair folk to hold them hostage in return for conces-
sions or to force them to serve their human captors.
Certainly, there are plenty of tales of selkie wives held in

House Leanhaun

thrall by those who managed to steal their skins. What is
usually not told so often among our kind are the tales of
faerie kings and queens stealing mortals away from their
families to serve as playthings or servants among the fae.
Do not think to shirk your own part in this, beloved, for
House Gwydion was ever as much to blame as any other
for this behavior.

Nothing particularly impressive or noteworthy her-
alded the Sundering until it was far advanced. It began as
little more than a distancing, a growing distrust between
mortals and fae. Certainly, House Leanhaun's preying
upon the mortals to preserve our own lives did not help
matters. Still, we tried to give something in return for
what we took. Nonetheless, the new church that wor-
shipped the white Christ condemned us as demons and
devils sent to torment and seduce mortals to lead them
into Infernalism and eternal damnation. Nothing could
have been further from the truth, but as the mortals
began to believe these lies, fae and humankind moved
away from one another, creatinga gulf between them not
easily bridged.

No others but those of our house knew of our curse in
those days. We were noted for our grace and beauty, and
our discernment in finding and nourishing the talents of
potent dreamers. If many of those so chosen created no
more than one grand work or died untimely, well, such
things happened all too often in those days of violence,
disruption and pestilence. Humans had few defenses
against the many perils of their lives. Few suspected our
true role, instead pitying us that so many of those we
chose were inexplicably blighted.

Leanhaun herself became ever more withdrawn dur-
ing the long ages as the Sundering unwound, twisting its
y toward the Shattering. Others

slow, inexorable w:
whispered that she grieved still for Finellia. We of her
household knew that she found it ever harder to take the
bright promise of a mortal, stoke it to fever pitch for one
perfect work, then engorge herself on the Glamour thus
released while the mortal fell hollow-eyed and dying at
her feet.

She aged horribly as she sought some way to wean
herself from her overpowering need. Her bright hair
became brittle and lifeless, ripping from her scalp in
tangled clots. Her eyes clouded with cataracts and dripped
theumy fluids onto her withered cheeks. Her skin dried
like parchment, folding into wattles of flesh pocked with
livid bruises and spidery veining as her very blood dried

The Book of Houses 2

up within her. Her frame bent and twisted, turning her
into a hunched creature unrecognizable as anything but
ahag. As her bones collapsed upon themselvesand het
organs shut down their functions, she suffered unbeliev-
ableagony. A dead woman whostill walked was Leanhaun
ze a corpse whose immortality denied her the ease of
death. All because she could no longer stand to harm
those whose dreams had shaped her.

In the end, we granted her mercy. Her household
gathered around Leanhaun and bid her farewell. We did
not blame her for her actions so long past, for we knew she
had only the best intentions. We saved our hatred for the
self-righteous bitch of House Liam who brought death to
the deathless with her jealousy and anger. We have never
condemned Liamas the other houses did because of some
momentary stupidity concerning mortals. We know the
true depth of oath breaking from Finellia's broken: vows
to protect and tutor Leanhaun. The mother of our house
only did what her caring heart bid her to do; her punish-
ment 2 and ours a far outweighed any crime she may
have committed.

We brought her to the very gate into the Dreaming,
fearing to take her ravaged body any further, lest we
corrupt the Dreaming itself. There we lay her down upon
a patch of the green earth she had treasured. Our bards
pon their harps and pipes

took up the song of sadness
and our youngest maidens arrayed her as best they could,
twining white roses into her brittle hair. As one, our
warriors drew their swords and struck so that none
afterward could say that he ot she had been the death of
Leanhaun. And as she died, the roses blackened, all
except one pure, white bud that lay upon her breast. We
hope her spirit crossed into the Dreaming where it found
peace and ease at last. In pledge of that hope, our house

still keeps the rose a as pure and snowy as the day it was
first plucked — as one of our greatest treasures.

And we learned one more thing from Leanhaun's
sacrifice a never, never to regret.

The Shaccering

So it was that Leanhaun was not with us to lead us
when the Shattering came. We had grown used to the
lethargic pace of the Sundering. In some places, it's true,
the Sundering was more violent and sudden (especially
as it built toward the Shattering), but we had not felt its
touch upon us as heavily as we might have. Adapting to
the difficulty of moving from the waking world to the

Dreaming, we forgot that this slow pace might quicken at
any time. Thus, many of House Leanhaun were caught by
surprise when the Shattering came. Most of us had only
seconds to make our choice: Would we return to the
Dreaming, cutting ourselves off from the dreamers whose
creations kept us young and alive, or would we stay
behind locked within prisons of Glamour that might a or
might not 2 sustain us?

To return to the Dreaming would be the ultimate
torture for us, for we did not know if we could draw what

we needed from other fae. The Dreaming itself would
sustain us somewhat, but we would age even as Leanhaun
did, and who knew how long we would be trapped? But
would itbe any better cocooned by whatever Glamour we
could muster in the space of a few moments? How long
would such an enclave last if we had to feed off the

ven then, it would
merely keep us alive; decay and the foul breath of unstop-
pable aging would stalk us wherever we fled. Aging was
inescapable, but we were immortal a we could not die

Glamour itself to sustain ourselves?

unless we deliberately took our own lives or fell to
another's killing stroke. To stay or to go? Either way, we
were damned.

They say the Shattering happened as the Black
Plague sweptacross Europe. In its wake, the world changed.
Never again would mortals surrender to dreams of hope
untainted by the horror of death and the knowledge that
they could be taken by the plague at any time. No one
knew the Black Death's cause; many claimed to know the
cure.

"Drive out the demons! Repent! Believe only in
what the Church tells youand God's punishmentshall be
lifted," cried the priests. Mortals, beaten to the point of
exhaustion by horrors and losses too awful to contem-

plate, not knowing how else to relieve the unendurable,
turned their focus to mere survival and a hopeless fervor
for the Church. And the world narrowed, minds con-
stricted, and the Dreaming broke apart from this horrid
new reality. Our world cracked and died. Some of us were
torn toshreds by the chill winds of Banality as they roared
across the breadth of Europe. Some chose to remain on
Earth, and of those we have no knowledge. They disap-
peared into the mists of time and in most cases, we have
even forgotten their names. Some say they yet remain,
caught in pockets of Glamour that lie between the
worlds, driven mad by centuries of imprisonment.

N;
(
y


The rest of us crossed over the crumbling trods,
escaping into Arcadia. Thankfully, most of us remember
little of that time. Most sidhe curse their inability to
recall Arcadia. We see it as a blessing among too many
tortures. While we could indeed inspire other fae to such
heights that we could feed from the Glamour they pro-

duced, doing so while remaining unnoticed was a virtual
impossibility. 1 don't claim that it never happened; six
hundred years is a long time to suffer without respite —
even when time flows differently. But it could not have
been done often, or those whose kin we preyed upon
would have annihilated our house.

My own memories of that time are confused, my
dreams haunted by visions of myself and of my kin. Old
and broken, I see myself crawling painfully, bones shat-
tering as | make my agonized way along a crystalline hall
bedecked with exquisite tapestries. Delectable foods lie
untasted, for I have no teeth to chew and my tongue rots
within my mouth. I cannot rest @ even upon the softest
bed z for festering sores cover my body. | awaken from
these dreams screaming and vowing, "Never again."

The Incerregnum

We have only the word of those commoners loyal to
our house for what happened during the time we were
away. What holdings we had, we left to their care; Nor
did we begrudge them the use of what we left behind. You
seem surprised to know that we have commoners who
pledge themselves to our service. But you forget, most
Kithain know nothing of our practices. What they do
know is our policy toward commoners. Since the laying
of the curse, it has been House Leanhaun's business to
cultivate any friends we can, be they noble or commoner,

Seelie or Unseelie. Our best defense against eventual
discovery is to bind as many defenders to us as possible.
It would have been foolish in the extreme to ignore
commoners, who are far more numerous than the nobles.
In any case, we recruited commoners and rewarded them
well for their services, and so we trusted that they would
care for our holdings when we left for Arcadia a after all,
they were the commoners' holdings, too.

We have no memories of those times save of our own
agony locked away in Arcadia, and even those recollec-
tions are mercifully indistinct. Amusing, isn't it, that the
other houses think of us as sybaritic weaklings without
the discipline and will to act.as muses? You believe we

ravage because it is easier to do so. My love, if you only
knew the self-restraint and iron-willed determination we
exhibited throughout centuries of our enforced stay in
Arcadia, you would tremble for the eventual fate of those
houses who condemn us. Do not forget the true face of the
Leanhaun: We endure; we survive and those who ear

our enmity should beware.

Records of the centuries we missed tell the story of
the mortals' gradual rise to rule their world rather than
being ruled by it. As mortals changed and became more
confident, so too did their dreams, and those dreams were
reflected in'the commoners' attitudes. They had to make
their own decisions, rule themselves and survive in a
world that became ever more crowded and hostile to our
kind. They compromised; they lived many lives in suc-
cession. We must never forget that it was the commoners
who held the line against ever-encroaching Banality.
The story of the Interregnum is their story, not ours.

The Recurn

And so the time came when the gates burst open
once again, the trods that had been closed for centuries
filled with light and the exodus from Arcadia began.
Most of the Seelie admit that they were exiled from
Arcadia and assume that the Unseelie houses suffered the
same fate. Perhaps Ailil and Balor were sent away from
"paradise." We have no knowledge whether it is true ot

not. It might even be that Leanhaun was exiled as well,
though I do not remember being forcibly ejected and
neither do most of my house. Most of us reentered the
waking world in the place we chose, Hibernia a our
homeland. I doubt the powers in control of Arcadia
would have granted us that right had we been sent forth |
asa punishment. Despite rumors that High Lord Eleanor
offended the high king, despite the tales of slain trouba-
dours killed to feed her Glamour-starved body on the eve
of our so-called exile, I question what really happened.
No sentence was passed upon me, at least none that |
remember. I recall being carried as tenderly as possible by
my troll guardian down the long length of the trod and to

the gate. By then, there was not much leftexcept the pain
and my burning need. He stepped through the gate and
I took the body of a child playing nearby while he took
the flesh of that child's father.

Beloved, such rapturous sweetness it was to once
again live within a body not wracked by age and decay!
I can't believe that those of my accursed house did not


choose for themselves to come into the world again. It
matters little if we were exiled, we would have left
anyway, that's my point. What matters more is our shared
impressions concerning Arcadia itself and why we be-
lieve we remember more than the Seelie houses or even
Ailil and Balor.

You may not believe me, my love, but everything we
recall points to the idea that Arcadia itself is locked in
Winter. While the Seelie Kithain ruled Earth for 600
years, suppressing the sharing of power that balanced the
seasons, Earth blossomed under an unending Summer.
Mortals gained great insight and power, becoming more
enlightened and producing amazing technological won-
ders. Arcadia, reflecting the opposite of events transpir-
ing on Earth, has been held in the darkness, frozen in
unchanging inactivity under the rule of the harshest
Unseelie.

Oh, it may look inviting with its greenswards and
crystalline trees, its diamond towers and dragon-cloud
skies, the very picture of summery flowering and gra-
ciousness. But think, my love, that picture has not
changed. Ithas hardly even wavered in 600 years. Arcadia
is stagnating. It has forgotten that dreams arise from
creativity, from fiery chaos, change and movement. | fear
for its survival. Having fled Banality, refusing to adapt
and change, we now find that we dragged Banality's

dread and leaden weight behind us into the Dreaming,
where it poisons Arcadia itself. We must change things
here, if we are to change them there.

I can see the doubt in your eyes as you read this,
beloved. What is it youcannot accept? That the Unseelie
tule Arcadia? Or that it is the fault of the Seelie Court for
insisting that their grasp on power never be relinquished
again? My love, I understand. You yourself are so honor-
able that you simply believe what the leaders of your
house tell you a never thinking that they say whatever
they must to make others acquiesce to their rule. But
think about it, beloved. How often has the house of the

falcon advocated the destruction of the Unseelie houses?
Have we ever threatened them in such a manner? We are
not the ones speaking of killing other Kithain; They are.
‘And yet they claim to revere and follow the laws of the
fre? They bring Banality down all the faster by their
stubborn insistence on their own rule here, all while
Arcadia remains a frozen, if beautiful, wasteland where
Glamour is dying.

If you accept that the Unseelie may, in fact, rule in
Arcadia, do you truly think they would exile those of
their own court? Well, Ailil, Balor and Leanhaun are
most definitely back in the waking world. That much
cannot be denied. If we were exiled, why? It only makes
sense if the other Unseelie, those in power in Arcadia,
feared some sort of interference from the five Seelie
houses and the three Unseelie who were sent out of the
Dreaming. Or, perhaps, even they recognized that things
could not remain in stagnation without both worlds
perishing. Perhaps we are here to put a stop to the way
things have been for the past six centuries. That would be
irony indeed, would it not? Unseelie and Seelie cooper-
ating to overthrow Seelie rule? And all to end Unseelie
tule in Arcadia.

I find it a great pity that so few of us remember
anything of Arcadia, and I wonder @ is that by design?
And if so, by whose design? Is there a great purpose to our
return here, and what happens if we miss our chance to
accomplish it because we cannot remember what it is we
were sent to do? These are the questions we should be
asking, beloved. Whether we belong to the Seelie or
Unseelie Court is irrelevant. What we need to know now
is: Which side do we stand on regarding the coming of
Endless Winter? And is the approach of Winter a reason
for dread or celebration?

The Accordance Car

There is no doubt that this was the most stupid,
wasteful era of fae existence, and it came about almost
totally due to Seelie pig-headedness. So many Seelie are
convinced of their own superiority and fitness to rule that
it never occurred to them that the commoners had ruled
quite competently without them for six centuries. Con-
sequently, they sauntered in assuming that the common-
ers would gladly hand back the reins of power. Further,
they actually expected the commoner kith to bow to
those who fled in the face of danger, leaving everyone
else to fend for themselves. Worst of all, they believed
that the changes made to the world during the centuries
of their absence were insignificant and ought to be
overthrown in favor of reestablishing feudal custom and
reasserting their claim to freeholds they deserted at the
time of the Shattering.

Not surprisingly, the commoners resented noble
intrusions and demands. Some tried to reason with the

House Leanhaun


returning sidhe; others realized from the first that if they
wanted freedom from Seelie oppression, they'd have to
fight for it. That's where we fit into the picture, or rather
where we didn't. There were two major reasons we played
only a minor role in the Accordance War. We didn't
have the same objectives as most of the other sidhe, and
many of us were too young to take part.

We wanted our freeholds back as much as anyone
else did, but we made no immediate moves to take them.
from their current occupants (at least most of us didn't).
Some of us claimed lesser sites and freeholds, especially
those once held by minor nobles of other houses. Since
almost all the returnees from House Leanhaun returned
to Hibernia while a majority of the rest of the sidhe ended
up in what would become Concordia, we easily claimed
sites that had been closed down and left so that only sidhe
could open them. So having less reason to fight the
commoners than most, we declared ourselves neutral in
sidhe-commoner conflicts. A few Leanhaun might have
fought alongside other nobles, especially Unseelie allies,
but they were a definite minority.

Mostsidhe returning from Arcadia took the bodies of
teenagers or young adults. Many Leanhaun, however,
wished to be as young as possible, so they would have
more time before aging became a problem. During the
Accordance War and similar conflicts, at least three-
quarters of House Leanhaun were too young to fight.
Lacking warriors enough even to adequately defend
ourselves and our few freeholds, House Leanhaun discov-
ered a way to survive and prosper.

Realizing we could little afford to make enemies of
either the nobles or commoners, the leaders of the house
met together and concocted the only reasonable plan for
our survival. We not only declared ourselves neutral, but
our freeholds as well. Then we opened them to any
Kithain in need: the wounded, the abandoned and the
hunted. Aside from providing sanctuary and healing for
any fae who requested aid, we also allowed our halls to be
used as neutral ground for peace negotiations. Though
we only allowed others access to the outermost portions
of our holdings, our actions during the war gained us
friends on both sides. That was the objective, after all.

Some nobles charged that by not aligning ourselves
with them we shirked our duty and made it more difficult
for the nobility to come out on top. Mostly, these were
the Seelie who disdained our help anyway or who knew
us as Unseelie and made assumptions based on that.

64 The Book of Houses 2

Others took advantage of our offer and came away from
the experience feeling that our house's reputation was
unfair and undeserved. Thus, we achieved our objective
to stay out of the fighting while cementing new alliances
and friendships that would benefit us later. | know this
sounds calculating, my love, but if your own house was
truly honest, it would have to admit to practical reasons
behind its own actions, just as we do. In any case, the fact
that we now serve many nobles as masters of revels or
entertainmentsecretaries stems from these offers of sanc-
tuary and succor during the war.

The CDodern Cra

Building on the goodwill we built during the war, we
have spent most of our time in the modern era cementing
relationships and strengthening our positions. While
most acknowledge that we stand firmly within the
Unseelie Court and that we often act as ravagers, most
is we do. Some,

other fae don't really understand what ii
in fact, fool themselves into thinking that while the
house is Unseelie, most members of it are either Seelie
forced into allegiance to a house we feel no identity with

or at least "only a little Unseelie." This is due to con

certed efforts to cover up our true activities

We work tirelessly to build friendships
webs of favors we do for other Kithain. One focus of our

and maintain

efforts has been to forge as many alliances as possible with
commoners. We continue to speak for their rights as well
as our own in the Parliament of Dreams. We swear many
commoners into our house. While many hold subservi-
ent positions, those who evince talent swiftly rise within
our ranks. Even those with more lowly positions are
treated with respect, complimented on good perfor
mance, rewarded with dross, and treated as valued mem-
bers of the house. Can Gwydion a or even Dougal & say
as much? Further, we offer commoners far greater oppor
tunities than Ailil or Balor. Most commoners know Ailil
manipulates them and Balor wants them for test subjects
and shock troops. We let them know that we depend on
them to protect and support us. By appearing to be
weaker, we excel. By being charming and showing empa-
thy for them, we win the commoners' hearts.

A second focus concerns the Seelie nobles and toa
lesser extent, the Unseelie houses. Many of us act as
entertainers ourselves and serve both Seelie and Unseelie
households as talent coordinators. We have a knack for
locating promising Dreamers and introducing other

Kithain to them, thus providing our "overlords" with
potent sources of Glamour and aesthetically pleasing
new musicians, artists and crafters. Leanhaun sidhe are
often highly valued by those they serve as masters of
revels or entertainment secretaries. We aren't greedy; we
don't descend upon every Dreamer ravening for her
artistry. Instead, we're subtle. We give away some of the
finest talents while hiding the truly elite for our own use.
While the local lord and his court fawn upon those we
provide for theiramusement, we secretly enjoy the cream,
all the while knowing the others are too busy to notice we
aren't there, or to look closely at what we're doing. Why,
I've even heard some nobles lustily defend us, insisting
that we are not Unseelie at all, but misunderstood artists
whose efforts benefit the whole Seelie Court.

As with any group, some Leanhaun do go overboard
and those are the ones who blacken our house's name.
While we try to instill secrecy and subtlety in all our
house members, some are simply incapable of keeping
things to themselves. Those are the ones who lead
ravaging parties or indulge in group Rhapsodizing. Many
also indulge their basest cruelty when selecting and using
a victim. These idiotic Leanhaun may indulge them-
selves with a local lady's favorite Dreamer, or torture
their chosen target unmercifully with no regard for the
Dreamer's feelings at all. Such actions endanger the
entire house and are usually dealt with by our own agents.
Occasionally, however, we miss the signs; the Leanhaun
goes too far and is hunted down by the Seelie Court.
House Gwydion is not known for its leniency in such
cases, though some of the other houses may opt only for
banishment. Further, horrific Rhapsodizing that draws
Seelie attention is usually obvious enough to alert any
Dauntain in the area. Woe be to the Leanhaun caught
Rhapsodizing a Dreamer by the Dauntain. It usually
results in the death of the perpetrator and gains the
Dauntain a staunch new ally if the Dreamer is released at

an early enough stage that she can survive the experi-
ence. She can still never create again, a prospect that
suits the Dauntain anyway.

Have I made it sound like our main focus is to gain
enough Glamour to sustain ourselves at any cost? Good.
Because that is our main objective. Of course, we aren't
so focused on the immediate (1 believe one crass young
woman referred to it as "getting a fix") that we don't look

to the future. On the contrary, we now believe that the
modern age holds the key to our release from Finellia's
curse. Our greatest efforts are put toward the ascension of
the Unseelie and the assumption of power by the Shadow
Court. I think I've already explained our reasons: to
restore the Dreaming and Arcadia to the fullness of what
they should be through bringing Endless Winter upon
the Waking World.

There must be a balancing « darkness here in oppo-
sition to a time of light for Arcadia. We believe that all
of us have been returned to the Earth so that we may lead
the commoners into this new era. We have all taken on.
mortal flesh so that we may withstand the rigors and
coldness of Banality. That allows us to live and work in
this realm without being consumed by it. As we draw
down the cold and suppress the light here, more Glamour
than ever will suffuse the Dreaming. When we stand at
that point of perfect stillness in which the waking world
has so little Glamour that it is like burnt-out ashes, and
when the Dreaming flashes with the fiery creativity of too
much Glamour to be contained, then the two will once
again align opposite one another, clash together, and
begin again the cycle of light and darkness, Summer and
Winter, Glamour and Banality. With that perfect bal-
ance, we will be restored to what we once were before
disbelief and mundanity almost destroyed us.

And in that time, the Leanhaun will take on their
roles in the Great Pageant, arising to lead all fae 2 nobles
and commoners, Seelie and Unseelie. Our great vision
will shine within the darkness, lighting our way. All will
acknowledge our wisdom and bow before the great dream
that restores us to the Dreaming and our true selves. No
more shall we be these half-human caricatures of fae. Yes,
the skies may crack open with dark despair, the world
may wail in anguish and misery. Ice may enter into every
heart. Does the prospect frighten you, beloved? It should.
We do not undertake this course lightly. War may come
upon us, and house may battle house, but in the end, dark
silence will reign. From that silence, we will begin anew.
We can only hope that bringing the dark days into being
is the working out of Dan to place us at the time of our
release from the torment of our curse: Endless Winter &
when the stars weep blood and the Earth grows cold.

House Leanhaun


The Special Arc of Ravaging

Despite reports that the most frequent (or best
known) form of Rhapsody involves groups or cliques,
the truth is that we rarely like to share our discov-
eries with other Leanhaun — and even more rarely
with other Kithain. Rhapsodizing is a highly per-
sonal, painfully private activity. We don't under-
take it lightly, nor do we treat those with whom we
enter Rhapsody with anything less than love and
respect. We are all too aware that our interaction
with them robs these mortals of their creative spark
and, sometimes, of their lives. Perhaps some wilders
of the Shadow Court copy our methods, yet few of
these even have Leanhaun among them. They |
indulge themselvesina mockery anda parody ofour
true practices. They have no real understanding of
how we feel and how we try to make those mortals
we choose as blissful as we might in the brief
moments left to them. It isn't something Leanhaun
cliques do for "fun" or to tweak the noses of the
Seelie. It is grim and dire necessity to us.

Of course, it can be performed as a quick and
dirty stripping of the mortal's creative juices, and in
extremis, any of us might do that. But that interac-
tion is more a rape than aseduction. It holds no true
satisfaction for us. With no poetry, no tragedy,
there isno artistry in it, and forus, thatis what makes
Rhapsody so powerful. Powerful enough not only to
prevent our aging, but to reverse it.

Those who say we are like the Prodigals known
as vampires or the Children of Lilith are liars. Yes,
it is true we feed ourselves at the expense of the
mortals we inspire. But we do inspire them! We
work at our relationships, embroiling ourselves in
the pains and triumphs of our chosen paramours.
We give much for what we receive, occasionally
even loving particular mortals so fiercely that we
can hardly bear to Rhapsodize them. What can tell

you of knowing that you must have what only a
talented and loving mortal can give you, knowing
that you will perish without it, yet you cannot
continue what you have begun because the grief of
losing him is too great? This soft-heartedness leads
to even greater loss, however, for once begun,
Rhapsody follows its own course. Cease providing

WW RE OO LT


inspiration, stop seeing the Dreamer, and he does not _ merely stolen what we need as the Children of Lilith
recover from that touch upon him. Instead, he flounders_ do. We feel it may be our only saving grace.
impotently, lost and unable to eat or sleep, rest or create. Perhaps the best way to explain what we actu-
The Glamour burns within such a Dreamer, tormenting _ ally do and how we really feel is to share with your
him, until you once again take up the reins to guide him _ our rules governing our relationships with those we
inhis creation. Perhaps you find this worse than ifwehad — Rhapsodize.

Rhapsodic Love, Leanhaun Scyle

Because of our curse, we have developed a unique perspective on love. The
following list comprises our thoughts and feelings on this most passionate emotion.

* Choose Only Those Who Want Your Attentions

Those we choose to Rhapsodize have only a short time to create. Many of them die.
We know and accept this. Although most fae do not believe us, we Leanhaun have a
sixth sense for those who want to be with us at any cost. Some artists need our love and
inspiration to bring out what they feel is inside themselves. They instinctively know
that we will provide whacthey need. They know what we ask in retumiand they discount
the price, They waneso desperately co'creace'a masterpiece, to be loved by someonewho
inspires them to greatness, that they are willing to trade anything — including their
lives — for it.

* Give Your Love and Inspiration Unconditionally

Because we know the mortality rate of those we Rhapsodize, when we are involved
witha mortal Dreamer in this fashion, we give that person our full attention. They give
everything they are to us; the least we can do is give a little of our time in return. Aside
from respecting our Dreamers, this rule also encourages us to become as enthralled with
those we Rhapsodize as they are with us. The greater our love for them, in fact, the
greater the creation and the sweeter the Glamour. Thus, if we want the most effective
Glamour, we must give of ourselves, truly feeling love for our victims. Such a
commitment means that we lay ourselves open time and again to the agony of losing
those we love.

¢ Never Regret

Although we know we will suffer when our chosen Dreamer succumbs to our
Rhapsody, we have learned not to let this affect our actions. Unless we have just met
the potential target and invested no real energy in the relationship, she cannot
once enmeshed in the Rhapsody. There is little use in postponing the inevitable.

Nonetheless, many of us do, stretching out the time we have witha particularly beloved
Dreamer. In the end, this hurts both them and us more than if we had been completely
cold-hearted. Worse than this, some Leanhaun, like our house's founder, come to
despise what they do so much that they refuse to Rhapsodize anyone ever again. We
have all seen what happens when we let regret or guilt dictate our actions. So no regrets
z ever.

What a pity, my love, that your disapproval has led me to disregard this all-
important tenet!


Few Leanhaun enclaves exist outside of Hibernia.
We tend to scatter into dozens of freeholds controlled by
other houses, Seelie ones, if possible. Disappearing into
service to another house allows us protective coloration
that we desperately need. It has always amused me that
when we join a Seelie household, it simply accepts that

we must be Seelie as well. Even those who don't trust us
initially are rarely given the opportunity to observe what
we do when outside their freeholds. By distracting them,
always maintaining proper decorum and acting in all
waysas though we follow the tenets of the Seelie code, we
maintain our positions and defuse rumors about our-
selves. Further, we can usually find out the freeholds'
defenses and weaknesses. Making friends among the
frecholds' courtiers also allows us to gradually change
their minds about the Unseelie cause and our visions of
Endless Winter. For the most part these are individual
s goals.
Those freeholds we do rule tend to be havens for the
disaffected, whether sidhe or commoner. They are also

efforts, but each serves to further our hous:

places renowned for taste and elegance. We cultivate our
image as seductive, graciousartists whose main talent lies
in finding inspired geniuses and cultivating them. We are
mysteriousand compelling to those we Rhapsodize, evok-
ingaall their fantasies of the perfect dream lover. We hope
most Kithain see us that way too. As many fae visit our
freeholds, we can only suppose we are successful in this.

While we still offer sanctuary to those in need, we
never let those who aren't of our household see the true
functioning of our holdings. That would break whatever
illusions they have of us! Hidden from Seelie eyes, we
train for the inevitable conflict that will precede the
coming of Endless Winter. For now, that training mostly
focuses on preparing our various house members and
allies in infiltration techniques, and helping them to
assume their parts in the Great Pageant. Those with the
ability learn martial skills, cantrip use, tactics, and how

toa nenemy's weakness. Wealso train our childlings

to appreciate craftworks and art of all sorts so that we can
more readily discover which arts best feed their need for
Glamour.

Within the deepest reaches of our freeholds, we can
finally let down our guard. There we drop the masks we
show to all others and reveal our true selves to one
another. It is a great irony of our house that most of us

68 The Book of Houses 2

don't truly like other Leanhaun. Perhaps it's because we
all compete for Glamour and count our successes in our
lack of aging. To outsiders, we seem little more than an
appearance-driven, brittle group, far too concerned with
ourselves, and quite shallow. When among our own,
however, we speak freely even when we mistrust each
others' motives, for we are the only others who really
understand what we endure. So while we don't like each
other, we support and encourage one another because no
one else will. Those who mistreat one of the Leanhaun do
soat their peril, for if that mistreatment is discovered, all
Leanhaun rise against those who harmed one of ours. It
may not be an obvious attack, but from that time on, we
work to undermine whatever they support, destroy their
reputations and bring all they hold dear to ruin. Others
don't understand how we can feel so fiercely protective of
house members we don't even like; to us, it is obvious:
Right or wrong, our house comes first. If I did not believe
that you might be able to use the knowledge that I give
you to help my house, I could never betray them by these
revelations. If you remember nothing else, remember
this: We know that only another Leanhaun can under-
stand; only another Leanhaun can be trusted to avenge
the wrongs done us.

Organization

On the surface of things, House Leanhaun appearsto
have very little organization at all. This is deceptive and
comes about because most of us live within (or near)
freeholds held by other houses. Most other changelings
never ask what we do when we are not flittering at court
or searching out new Dreamers. They might be surprised
by the answers if we did tell them — which, of course, we
won't.

High Lord Cleanor

We acknowledge High Lord Eleanor as the leader of
the house. She is our most visible member and our
delegate to the Parliament of Dreams. Since so many
sidhe of other houses owe her favors, the prejudice of
being Unseelie doesn't affect her. Whenever our house
reaches a point where it cannot agree on a course of
action at the regional level, High Lord Eleanor either
calls a High Council or makes the decision. Once she has
tuled on a matter, no more discussion occurs. We abide
by whatever she declares will be our house's position. As


she is both canny and wise, her rulings usually reflect
whatis best for the house and for the majority of individu-
als within the house.

Naturally, there are some within the house who
would dispute this. We allow for formal duels of chal-
lenge. Any Leanhaun who wishes may challenge the
High Lord's authority or her ruling on a single subject if
such a person is willing to risk herself in a duel to prove
her case. Chimerical weaponry is always used in such
duels, and should the challenger win, she could demand
a new hearing and ruling from the High Lord. In an
extreme case, the challenger might even force the High
Lord to step down as house leader, but the challenger
would have to be of sufficient rank to take over that
position. To my knowledge, few (ifany) challengers have
ever wona duel against the High Lord. She is represented
in such battles by her champion, Sir Tairngrim, who has
sworn never to lose a battle he fights for her.

You may believe that these challenges are of little
consequence, but the loser is drained of Glamour and left
to fend for herself. Keep in mind that our particular
affliction makes this a real horror for us. If the loser has
no friends nearby to bring her back to herself, she could
age and die without ever again realizing her true self.
Challengers who lose and who survive and return to
themselves must abide by the High Lord's decision fiom
then on. They are not allowed to challenge any of the
High Lord's rulings again for a year and a day. We
adjudicate challenges to other leaders' rulings in the
same way.

Ruling Councils

Directly beneath the High Lord in authority, the
High Council is responsible for helping formulate house
policies and deciding house responses to threats against
us. Taken as a whole, it can outvote the High Lord. She
may still declare that her will override the High Council
by fiat, but she rarely makes such an unpopular move. As
she has the right to overrule its decisions, the High
Council has the right to remove Eleanor from her posi-
tion as High Lord. Neitherside really wants that, so both
the High Lord and her council move carefully when
considering thwarting one another's desires.

Infrequently, those Leanhaun within each region
meet to discuss house business. Usually, one or two heads
of freeholds, the most respected of our bards and revels

masters and a few of our historians and teachers attend
such gatherings. Though semi-official when compared to
the High Council, regional councils take care of most of
the nutsand bolts local decisions for the house. Anything
they can't handle is referred to the higher council or sent
directly to the High Lord.

Ocher Leaders

Because so few of us reside together or hold freeholds.
near one another, we mostly rely on leadership from
those with regional authority or charismatic individuals
who earned their positions through cleverness, knowl-
edge and wise decision-making. It's usually enough. If a
decision can't be made locally, several leaders meet and
attempt to reach a consensus (or at least a majority, you
see, we have been influenced by the commoners). When
that's not enough, councils are called. We look for
leadership from those who prove themselves worthy of
respect whether they technically hold higher rank or not.
Among them are:

Heads of Freeholds

While many of the Leanhaun who rule freeholds are
higher-ranking nobles, some are merely knights who
have managed to assume control of abandoned sites and
attract other Kithain to their courts. Although we try to
make friends for ourselves, enough Seelie despise us that
maintaining a freehold in the Leanhaun name takes a
strong, crafty ruler. The Leanhaun who oversee freeholds
constitute our second line of command. When the High
Lord needs the wisdom of a High Council, she summons
these leaders together. More frequently, they chair re-
gional councils, work to disseminate information to the
rest of the household, and enforce house policies. Heads
of freeholds assume responsibility for finding Leanhaun
entering their chrysalis and bringing them into the
family, and for making certain that childlings are taught
house history and practices. They oversee the day-to-day
running of the freehold and court, including hearing
grievances and settling disputes. Finally, since House
Leanhaun is vitally interested in bringing on Endless
Winter, heads of freeholds also fulfill certain ceremonial
roles & often as dedicated members of the Shadow Court.

The Rose and the Harp
These two treasure-keepers @ one Kithain, one an
enchanted mortal z hold influence with the High Coun-

House Leanhaun


"6:

&
&

cil and often participate in the council's planning ses-
sions and decision making. Though their status as coun-
cil members remains unofficial, no Leanhaun would
deny them the right to speak, or fail to listen to and
consider their counsel. I have included brief profiles of
the Rose and the Harp in my later writings.

Bards and Revels Masters

These house members hold no actual power in terms
of decision-making, yet they are usually included in local
and regional councils. Their extensive knowledge of
available talent in their regions and their own creative
abilities make them much emulated and sought-after by
wannabes, admirers, rulers and commoners, all of whom
rely upon the taste and instincts of these influential
Kithain. House Leanhaun relies heavily on both their
bards and revels masters to disseminate information (or
disinformation) about us. They serve as our chief public-
relations officers by painting us in the most positive light
and scoffing at the horror stories others tell of us.

More importantly, most of those who act as bards and
revels masters are actually our house's best spies. Along
with their misinformation duties, they also seek out other
houses' secrets. Some of the more advanced operatives
even conceal their house affiliation, masquerading as
Fiona or Liam. They face the danger of exposure every
day and we reward their dedication by making every
effort to keep them well supplied with the Glamour they
need. From their hard work, we have gained vital infor-
mation concerning other houses, and their treasures,
current policies and defenses. Further, their positions
among other freeholds afford them the opportunity to
sniff out discontent against the Seelie rulers and recruit
converts to our side.

Historians and Teachers

Few of our intelligentsia actually fill leadership posi-
tions. They are usually included on councils because
their knowledge proves valuable. Any time policies con-
cerning teaching childlings are made, they are called in
for opinions. In individual freeholds, teachers are highly
valued for their willingness to instruct both childlings
and newcomers of whatever age. We look to our teachers
to train any mortals we enchant and to explain our
policies and practices to commoners who join our house.

70 The Book of Houses 2

oe

Not to be outdone, our historians can often discover
precedents for tricky situations where we have trouble
forming policies. They also gather documentation con-
cerning the centuries we were absent and attempt to
reconcile what the commoners have discovered with our
knowledge of the Dreaming and Endless Winter.

Knights

This is a deceptive category, for most of our lower
echelon nobility don't fill leadership roles. Most don't
even acknowledge that they're knights. A few extremely
important house members claim to be merely knights as
protective coloration. In fact, they are usually elite war-
riors and assassins working to protect House Leanhaun.
These Knights Protector (as they are called) carry the
approval of High Lord Eleanor and the High Council to
act with their authority. These agents act as trouble-
shooters eliminating threats to the house as a whole and
individuals within the house. Because they carry such
sanctions, Knights Protector hold rank as if they were
counts controlling major freeholds.

Noble Commoners

Some of the commoners remained loyal to our house
through the Interregnum. Those few who retained access
to frecholds became nobles in their own right. We didn't
dispute that right when we returned. Along with select
other commoners rewarded for their services to our
house, these commoner nobles are usually given token
seats on various councils. Two of them even sit on the
High Council. While those under their direct rulership
acknowledge their decisions, there are rarely enough
commoner nobles to outvote the sidhe contingent on
any council. Still, their votes do count and give the
commoners we rule the feeling that their voices are
heard.

Oachs and Bindings

Like all fae, our oaths are not only important to us,
but are backed by the potency of the Dreaming. The
Seelie tend to lump us in with the Ailil, who often take
perverse pleasure in the breaking of their oaths, espe-
cially if they can then flaunt their new status as "for-
sworn." We, however, are quite careful what oaths we
accept and once we accept them, we almost never break
them. Notice, I did say "almost."

The Oach of Joining

Strange as it may seem to you, beloved, there exist
some sidhe who want to join our house. Some Unseelie
seek sanctuary among us, hoping we can protect them
from the Seelie members of their own houses. You
probably won't believe me, but we even have Gwydion.
among us who have come to us for that very reason and
sworn this oath to us. Other nobles find that affiliation
with Scathach or Liam (or Balor, for that matter) is a
liability. Such Kithain realize that appending the
Leanhaun name to their own may create other problems
for them, but most other fae see us as distasteful rather
than dangerous. That frees new house members to per-
formall sorts of actions without being accused of doing so

because they are "Balor scum" or "oath breakers."

You may be surprised that we accept Liam among us.
Tagree that most Liam don't have the courage it takes to
face us and ask for our help. Those who do are treated like
any other petitioner: We check them outand if they pass,
we accept them. It suits my sense of irony when sidhe
from House Liam do join the Leanhaun, for they then fall
prey to the curse Finellia, forsworn member of their
original house, created.

Most of those who want to join us don't spend a great
deal of time thinking about the curse. We don't dwell on
it if they don't ask, but we do mention it and warn them.
If they choose to proceed, we assume they know what
they're getting into. Petitioners may only take this oath
if they agree to subsequently take the Oath of Majority.
Ifany sidhe learn house secrets we feel might be damag-
ing tous, we offer them the opportunity to join the house.
If they refuse, we kill them. Don't be shocked, love, your
own house advocates killing us. Why should we be any
different? We at least provide an opportunity for them to
save themselves.

Accepting other sidhe into the house isn't an every-
day occurrence. Its very rarity gives it an importance we
celebrate with an elaborate ritual. All members of the
house who can make it to the celebration attend. The
petitioner spends the day in conference with the highest-
ranking members of the household present, hearing the
story of Leanhaun and the curse that afflicts our house
and learning all that is expected of her. The ruler of her
freehold explains how to perform Rhapsodiesand teaches
her how to recognize artists who can fulfill the needs she


will soon experience. The petitioner is allowed to ask
questions, all of which are answered as honestly as
possible. Finally, the house leaders escort her to a pool
where she undergoes a ritual bath representing the wash-
ing away of her old life and the ing of her spirit
wherein she gives up all that she once was.

Whether she chooses to then sleep through the
night or spends the hours of darkness in meditation or in
partying, when dawn breaks, she is summoned before all
members of the house in attendance. With the rising of
the sun, she speaks the Oath of Joining and is from then
on considered to be reborn as a Leanhaun. She becomes
subject to our curse. After being accepted into the house,
she must also take the Oath of Majority, acknowledging
thatshe is nowa responsible member of House Leanhaun,
bound by all the strictures we accept and subject to the
rulings of Lord Eleanor and the High Council.

The Oath of Joining involves anointing the peti-
tioner with redolent oil and cloaking her in emerald

green fastened with a golden harp-shaped pin. The
ranking noble gives the petitioner a black rose and asks
her to repeat the oath. Though there have been occa-
sional variations in the wording, the oath most petition-
ers take is as follows:

Of my own will and with full knowledge of what I ask, I
petition House Leanhaun to accept me. By the power of the
Dreaming, I forswear what I was and embrace my new
brothers and sisters. I have washed away my old life and with
this dawn begin a new existence as kin of House Leanhaun
I swear by the early flowers of spring, the greening of the land
in summer, the ripening of the harvest in fall and the slumber
of the earth in winter that I accept the rule of the house, keeping
faith with my new family and our friends and allies. My heart
and hand are Leanhaun's to command. May I be true to the
words I speak now.

Imake this pledge freely; my mind is sound and my heart
clear of any reservations. Let me henceforth be known as
Leanhaun. And if I be not true to my word given today before
the assembly of my house and witnessed by the Dreaming,
may my eyes grown dim and blind, my ears cease to hear, my
fingers feelno sensation. May I never experience taste or smell
again. Let my mind hold no words with which I may speak;
may my hand forget how to write. May allwho know me forget
my name and may I cease to remember my true self. May my
Dan lie unfulfilled. This is the penalty I ask be imposed by the
power of the Dreaming should I break my oath to Leanhaun.

The Book of Houses 2

The Oach of Adopzion

This particular oath is only used when we adopt
commoners into the house « a very rare occurrence
except in those areas where commoner nobles rule.
Usually, we allow commoners to merely proclaim their
allegiance to or alliance with the house. This oath goes
farther, actually creating a bonding of blood between the
commoner and the house, just as if the commoner were
sidhe. In essence, the commoner attains an actual rank
within the house. Though usually the rank is no higher
than that of knight, a rare few are awarded higher rank,
and occasionally, holdings. Such an occurrence is usually
only possible if the commoner in question has performed
some great service for the house. As with the Oath of
Joining, once thisoath hasbeen taken, the newly adopted
member must also swear the Oath of Majority. Usually,
the ranking noble of a household, to whom the oath is
actually sworn, witnesses the Oath of Adoption. Not as
much pomp and ceremony attend on a commoner's
acceptance into the house. Sometimes, however, a feast
and festive party accompany an adoption.

Some Leanhaun feel that this oath ought to be
retired in favor of having commoners take the Oath of
Joining just as sidhe do. They feel that calling it the Oath
of Adoption makes it den ing rather than empower-
ing. The distinction isn't readily apparent to everyone,
but rests upon wording. While sidhe are allowed to "join"
us, as if they are intelligent adults capable of making their
own decisions, commoners are "adopted" as though they

are children in need of benevolent parents to watch over
them. The actual oath is taken under the night sky and
states:

Under the canopy of the night sky, with stars and moon
as witness, I beseech House Leanhaun to accept me as an
adopted member of the family. I swear that I shall accept all
burdens and accolades equally, and that I will bring no shame
or dishonor to the Leanhaun name. | will learn what I must
know to fill the roles within House Leanhaun that I am given
and will seek to make my new brothers and sisters proud of my
accomplishments. May [bring glory to the house and may Ibe
acknowledged as one with the family. Should I betray House
Leanhaun, may the stars cease to guide me, and the darkest
roads within the Dreaming swallow me up, that my shame be
hidders forevermore,

The Oach of CDajoricy

This oath is taken by all members of House Leanhaun
just after their Saining or whenever a new sidhe has
joined the house. It is the measure by which we deter-
mine who is a full member of House Leanhaun, with the
right to speak of house matters, petition for aid and hold
a fief in our name. It forever binds the oath taker to
absolute secrecy regarding all house matters and calls for
his agreement to harbor and protect all members, rescue

those in need and assist in endeavors of interest to

Leanhaun.

Upon accepting that someone is ready for majority,
all household members who are able to attend join in a
feast celebrating the candidate. He is given the place of
honor at the table and served special delicacies. At the
end of the meal, the ranking noble rises and proclaims to
those assembled that one among them has attained
majority and seeks permission to take up his full duties as
amember of House Leanhaun. Those assembled speak
their consent as a group. If any have reservations, they

may speak them, either challenging the candidate to
answer certain questions to their satisfaction or requiring
aduel to first blood. Champions may represent childling
candidates in such duels. The duel may also be refused
entirely, but if it is, the candidate may not take the oath.
Those who are in the position where they must take the
oath or die obviously have little choice and must accept
the challenge. Challenges are not made lightly or for
petty personal reasons. One who challenges a candidate
must do so for the good of the house as a whole; frivolous
disruptions of the oath taking tend to attract unpleasant
retribution from the Dreaming itself.

The oath itself is quite simple:

By the elements and the essence of Dreams, I declare
before witnesses that I am ready to take up my duties within
House Leanhaun. I will remain true to my house, keeping its
secrets, assisting all fellow members and guarding its trea-
sures. Where one of my own has need, I will provide. When
Leanhaun seeks sanctuary, I will give shelter. If danger exists,
Iwill lend aid. Should one be taken, I will provide rescue, and
if one forgets, I shall be there to enfold my own blood in
memories.

If I fail in any of my duties, or should I betray my house,
let my name be stricken from the histories and erased from the
minds of Dreamers. Let my story be unfinished, my purpose
unfulfilled and my essence scattered by the winds. Let no
Kithain recall there ever existed such as I.

The Oach of COucual Supporc

Taken between commoners or other sidhe and those
of House Leanhaun, this oath promises mutual support
for each other's causes and concerns and mutual aid in

time of need. It even extends as far as offering sanctuary
to or fighting for one another at need. For such a simple
oath, it is amazingly broad in its interpretations. This
oath forms the heart and soul of Leanhaun policy, bind-
ing defenders and potential friends to us with our own
promise of support and assistance. Because it is so impor-

tant to our continued existence, no Leanhaun fails to
uphold the terms of the Oath of Mutual Support; to do so
would be to doom the whole house when word of our
failure to keep our side of the bargain spread among the
Kithain. The oath sometimes covers the particulars of a
given situation, such as "I will support Baron Temparch
in his bid for chancellorship with the understanding that
he shall advance my case to rule the Freehold of
Downmarch." Most often, specific circumstances are not
named, but general aid is indicated, as below, which
reflects a typical oath of this sort:

By the silver path, I swear to thee that my house and thine
shall bind together in mutual support. Let thy troubles be mine
and let my woes seek redress through you. Should anyone
come against thee and thine, I pledge that I and mine shall be
there to defend and succor thee. In like manner, let thee agree
to such aid as well in help to me. From this time until thee and
I both agree that our pledge should expire, let us be as one in
our undertakings. For my part I so swear to thee

Oach of Service

Not every noble or commoner wants to ally with or
join our house. Some merely want to performa service for
us a anything from catering a feast at court to rousting
out dangerous chimera. Those who take service with the
house are asked to take an oath of fealty to us that covers
the time of service and precludes them from discussing
our affairs afterward. Though such oaths are not so
serious as others such as the Oath of Majority, they are
sworn before the Dreamingand breaking them does incur
consequences. Most resemble the following:

I swear by the Dreaming that | will give good service to
House Leanhaun, using the best of my abilities and skills to
complete my assigned duties. Should I uncover secrets or
knowledge damaging to the house I give my oath never to

House Leanhaun 3

reveal that knowledge or use it in any way against House
Leanhaun. Should I break this oath, may I never be able to
swear another, may all Kithain henceforth know me for a liar
and may my mouth utter nothing but gibberish when the name
of Leanhaun is invoked.

The Pledge of Binding

Enchanted mortals, whether lovers, tutors, servants
or guests must all take this oath if they wish to stay any
length of time among the fae of House Leanhaun:

Whatever is entrusted to my care I will guard, whatever
tasks are assigned, I will complete. My self and my talents are
given to House Leanhaun, my loyalty and love as well.
Nothing of those things I witness or learn shall I speak to any
outside the house, nor shall I make it known through any other
means. If my tongue speaks falsely, let my perfidy be made
evident upon my face that all may know my lies and broken
promises. May I be cast out from the house, and the hearts and
minds of all Leanhaun, and let me remember none of what has
transpired in the time that I served the house.

Leanhaun of che Unseelie
Courc

Obviously, the great majority of House Leanhaun is
Unseelie, unashamedly so. From High Lord Eleanor to
our newest childling just past his Chrysalis, most of us are
honest enough to admit that our practices place us solidly
on the side of the Shadow Court, much less the Unseelie.
Still, there are many Leanhaun who admit to being
Unseelie without supporting the goals of the Shadow
Court. These house members do not believe that we
should be working to bring on Endless Winter. Instead,
most work to preserve as much Glamour in the world as
possible, fearing that its loss will only hasten our decay.
Rather than coddling Dreamers and protecting sources of
Glamour like the Seelie do, however, they ravage just
like the rest of us, because they have no choice. What
Glamour they find, they take and keep against the day
when scarcity will make it far more valuable.

The majority of the lower echelon Leanhaun and our
loyal commoners belong to this house faction. Within
the confines of our frecholds or when surrounded by
other Leanhaun and allies, they are happy to acknowl-
edge their allegiance to the Unseelie Court. In enemy
territory, however, they rarely admit such affiliation,

Since many Leanhaun spend most of their time among
Seelie households and Kithain, they at least try to appear
Seelie most of the time. In the old days, it was easier to do
thar, for the other houses did not automatically equate
being Leanhaun with being Unseelie.

Luckily, once a Leanhaun takes up residence or
begins regularly attending court in territory controlled by
the Seelie, they usually accept her and assume she is there
because she espouses the same causes and follows the
same rules of conduct. Except for their forays to Rhapso-
dize, most members of this faction end up being Seelie for
all practical purposes, since they almost never overtly
perform actions that would unmask their Unseelie na-
tures.

Leanhaun of che Seelie Courc

The rest of us look upon those Leanhaun who profess
to be of the Seelie Court with a mixture of exasperation
and admiration. We believe they are fooling themselves
if they think they can follow the tenets of the Seelie
Code, yet still Rhapsodize Dreamers and treat it as no
more than a shameful little secret. Nonetheless, our
Seelie contingent proves helpful to us since it throws off
the other houses' suspicions about Leanhaun in general,
Because of these individuals, those of our house who do
not follow the Seelie Code can more easily fit into Seelie
households; Seelie rulers reason that if some Leanhaun
are Seelie, others might be as well.

The Seelie Leanhaun to whom I've spoken seem
sincere in their desire to make a place for our house
among the Seelie. They believe that by following the
Seelie Code, they will discover the means to overcome
our curse. Perhaps the most frightening aspect of this
determination to be Seelie at all costs is that many take
the final step and allow themselves to age rather than
seeking to prolong their lives through Rhapsody. As we
have no idea what happens to us when we die, I can only
admire those brave enough to face their own destruction.

There exists an extremist faction within the house
who feel that any Leanhaun claiming true allegiance to
the Seelie Court (as opposed to those of us who masquer-
ade as Seelie to throw off suspicion) are dangerous. Such
individuals are seen as dishonest and likely to cause
difficulties for our higher purposes. The extreme faction
may hound such Leanhaun, taunting them with their


NI

failings any time they fail to live up to every aspect of the
Seelie Code, hoping to show them their true colors and
where their actual affiliation lies. Rumor tells that some
extremists even hunt Seelie Leanhaun, seeking to re-
move them from the Pageant before they can betray our
house. While I have no first-hand knowledge of such
activity, I do believe it has happened before and will
continue so long as the Knights Protector hold the right
of execution from the High Council.

glory of being the Shadow Court's fiercest warriors, and
Ailil the pride of believing they rule the Shadow Court,
we are its backbone and its thinkers. I have already
explained what we hope to gain from a Shadow Court
victory and won't belabor that again. I will tell you that
we form the nucleus of the Ritualist faction.

Since the time of the curse, we have had soothsayers
watch for the omens indicating that time has reached the
point where we may begin the Great Ritual that will end

our suffering, Our sorcerers have kept alive rituals and

Leanhaun of che Shadow
Court

Most of the leaders of the house embrace the Shadow
Court's goals, feeling that they come closest to advocat-
ing what Leanhaun desires. Though we allow Balor the

practices so that we may perform the rites correctly when
our time is come at last, and our manipulators have
herded Ailil and Balor in the directions we wish them to
follow to force their cooperation when we need it. After
all, once the other two houses are revealed as unmistak-
ably Shadow Court due to their actions, they will have

The Greac Ricual

The Great ritual is what all Leanhaun who truly serve the house strive toward. Most of
our actions are designed to bring about the proper environment for casting this potent ritual.
When the time is right, and when we have gathered the needed sacrifices, House Leanhaun
will save Arcadia and the Dreaming and redeem our house from Finellia's curse.

The purpose of the Great Ritual is to bring down Endless Winter on the Earth through
the sacrifice of dozens of Seelie childlings and the majority of Dreamers in the world. This
terrible sacrifice will be made to the Dreaming, destroying the Earth's immediate future by
eradicating most of its Glamour. Our house plans to preserve some few Dreamers by taking
them into the Dreaming fora time. The backlash as the bright Glamour of the sacrifice sweeps
like a tsunami through the Dreaming and inundates Arcadia should overturn its stagnancy
and tear away its rulers, leaving our home cleansed and open for Seelie rulers to create a new,
glorious Summer there. The Earth will fall to the Unseelie and into an age of untold darkness,
bereft of most of its dreams. For that we are willing to take the blame.

We hope that this fulfills the conditions set by the wording of Finellia's curse. If it does,
our house will at last be free. Gradually the two worlds should begin to recover equilibrium
as we relax our grip, allowing the Seelie to once again tule half the year. As they take up their
proper rule again, the Earth will turn again toward the light. Any Dreamers left a those we
hid within the Dreaming and those born since (and more will be born, Glamour can never be

utterly destroyed) ae shalll be allowed to escape our control and Dream anew. For a time, we
may be reviled for triggering Endless Winter, but when at last all lies in balance, our house
will rake its proper place as the noblest and most deserving of them all.


no choice but to aid us in our bid for ascendancy if any of
us are to survive the Seelie onslaught such an action will
bring about. The Seelie (and even most Unseelie) don't
have the stomach for what must be done, nor the will to
see it through to its conclusion. Wedo. Forged in the fires
of our agony, we have become adamantine in our deter-
mination. If we must destroy the Earth, or lock it in ice
for centuries to free Arcadia and revitalize the Dreaming,
we will.

Secret Societies

Only very clueless Leanhaun could fail to notice the
so-called secret societies I have profiled for you, my love.
Many of us strive to be worthy of membership in one or
another of them, so they are hardly secrets 2 to us. They
are unknown to most other Kithain, and if we are to
achieve our ultimate goal, they should remain that way.

Knighcs Proceccor and che CDidnighc
Pace

The Knights Protector are ostensibly the military
arm of House Leanhaun. Many of them escort important
members of the house to meetings and councils and
acconipany these'to' whom' they are "assigned a8 body:
guards when those notables visit other freeholds or walk
among the éommioners: Our knights areas highly trained
as any Gwydion or Fiona and are accorded the very best
equipment the house can provide for them. Aside froma
handful of trolls and one notable eshu, the Knights
Protector are all Leanhaun sidhe. To the extent that they
can be so, the knights are known for their honor. Of all
of us, while on duty, they come closest to following the
Seelie Code.

Because their duties preclude them from spending
long hours searching out Dreamers to fill their needs,
Knights Protector are assisted by Finders (see below),
who locate likely prospects for them and set up meetings
between the knight and a likely mortal. Most of the
knights no longer keep up the pretense of a life outside
changeling society. They don't hold jobs in the mortal
world, Most do keep places outside freeholds where they
live so that they don't succumb to Bedlam. The majority
ofsuch knightsserve the house and know our goals. They
work to fulfill those goals, but know nothing of the
Midnight Pact.

16 The Book of Houses 2

The Midnight Pact is a select group of Knights
Protector who go beyond their ordinary duties to protect
the interests of House Leanhaun. They form an elite
cadre within the knights, a sort of ruling council that
determines policy, assigns knights to guard certain digni-
taries or freeholds, bestows honors and assesses penalties
to the knights under their command. Named the Mid-
night Pact because they first met during a series of late-
night sessions, these fanatical knights have taken upon
themselves the role of judges and ass: The Mid-
night Pact goes after anyone who discovers the secrets of

the house, and doesn't then join and swear binding oaths
to keep its secrets. The Pact acts as a Star Chamber to try
Kithain who prove troublesome to Leanhaun z whether
the troublemakers are Leanhaun or not. Seelie Kithain
who interfere with our business or who harm members of
the house may find themselves facing a group of hooded
avengers that exacts punishments and revenge ranging
from stripping the offender of all Glamour and dumping
him in an alley to death by cold iron.

No one but the Midnight Pact members themselves
knows the extent of their activities or how highly they
are placed. Certainly some of them sit on the High
Council. Candidates considered for membership are
watched for a time, then offered the chance to carry out
an assignment for the Pact z usually an assassination. If
they succeed, they are invited in to the Pact; should they
fail or refuse, they're killed. The Pact doesn't tolerate
failure. | know you're wondering how I learned all this,
my love, but there are some things you will just have to
work out for yourself.

The Finders

Not long after we returned to the waking world, we
realized that some of us don't possess the opportunity or
the leisure to find Dreamers to Rhapsodize. A certain
number of our nobles and knights live within very public
view of Seelie rulers who would be horrified if they knew
of our pursuits. Those Leanhaun need others to locate
Dreamers to whom they can form attachments. Finding
and Rhapsodizing Dreamers can take a great deal of time,
though most of it is spent initially trying to discover a
Dreamer who is compatible with a given Leanhaun.
Finders specialize in doing just that: They locate certain
creative people and match them to Leanhaun who need
them. Once the two have met and bonded, the Rhapsody

proceeds as always without the need for more involve-
ment from the Finder.

Those who become Finders are highly skilled in
sniffing out potential Dreamers. They also usually possess
enough personal charisma to entice those mortals into
accompanying them to meet their "friends." Highly
sensitive to the nuances of taste and personality that
create successful Rhapsodies, Finders are considered liv-
ing treasures among the Leanhaun. The leader of the
Finders, knownas the Crown, wears the Crown of Dreams,
a potent treasure that identifies Dreamers and their
potential. The Crown also holds a position of leadership
among the Keepers (see below). While the other Finders
rarely attain high office or rank within the house, the
same abilities that make them good Finders often lead to
other Kithain bestowing honors on themas entertainers,
bards or revels masters. As such, they are expected, even
encouraged, to seek out new talents. So longas they bring
at least a few to the Seelie Court to provide entertain-
ment for a while, no one asks what happens to the rest.

The Revisioniscs

The Finders operate under the noses of the Seelie
Court and the rest of us escape mass retribution from
enraged Seelie because of the work done by the Revision
ists. In times past, they were bards and ambassadors who
moved outward into the wider realm of Kithain society
making certain the Leanhaun name remained disassoci-
ated from any great crimes or forbidden practices. What-
ever the reality of the situation, these diplomats sup-
pressed stories damaging to the house while offering tales
of heroic rescues and kind gestures made by Leanhaun
toward others of our kind. Most of our reputation as
talent finders and gracious hosts stems from our agents'
"revision" of facts. Nowadays our younger members call
them spin doctors.

That in itself would be enough to justify their exist-
ence, but they routinely use their close association with
other Kithain to learn damaging details of other houses'
behavior. In a way, if the Knights Protector are the
military, the revisionists are our intelligence community.
If the information they gather isn't enough by itself to
cast doubts on others, our talented tellers work it up into
rumors that approach the truth while causing others to
question the offending party's propriety. Or they may

link two totally unrelated bits of gossip, making each
sound worse because of their association. I myself once
heard a revisionist regale a group of Seelie gramps with
the story of a Fiona lord who presented a satyr childling
with a toy on her Saining day. It was a perfectly innocent
act made from the lord of the freehold to a member of his
court and in full view of everyone present. By the time the
revisionist was through insinuating, suggesting and dis-
claiming any "real" proof, however, the grumps were
convinced that the Fiona forced the childling to his bed,
abused her, threatened her with cold iron should she
reveal his perverse attentions, then tried to buy her
silence with achimerical treasure. Itdoesn't pay toannoy
our revisionists.

Keepers of che Rose

Drawn heavily from among our Ritualist faction, the
Keepers are charged with protecting the greatest trea-
sures of the house, among them the Rose of Leanhaun,
the Crown of Dreams and Edann's Harp. The actual
holders of those potent items are members of the Keepers
and forma Triune of leadership in the organization, even
though one of them is a mere mortal. Most members of
the Keepers travel extensively, searching for and acquir-
ing treasures, chimerical objects and chimerical beasts
for House Leanhaun's trove. Some of these may be

exchanged for information, favors or services the Keepers
provide to the objects' owners in exchange for them. The
Keepers often bargain directly with chimerical beasts,
promising them various inducements for joining our
cause. A few Keepers resort to theft or kidnapping to
attain what they want. Even more rarely, Keepers help to
create chimera or treasures, usually in tandem with
nockers bound to our house.

Some of these are kept for the time when we may find
ourselves at war with other Kithain a especially a war on
the eve of Endless Winter. Others are hoarded in various
safe locations, kept against the time when Glamour is
scarce and single magical treasure of inestimable value.
The Keepers themselves believe that their actions are
justified, for they plan for the future and the survival of
all Kithain through the careful husbanding of resources.
What is a theft now (or even a kidnapping and forced
captivity) when set against the need for Glamour during
the dark days of Endless Winter?


The Ecernal Order of Dreams

An odd assortment of starry-eyed youngsters and
grizzled, almost-spent grumps, the Eternal Order of Dreams.
exists for one purpose: to capture Dreamers, remove them
from the waking world and install them in freeholds
within the Dreaming itself. Like their counterparts in the
Keepers of the Rose, the Order also seeks to provide for
darker times they foresee in the future. Many of the
freeholds and workshops within the Dreaming where the
Keepers deposit their chimera and treasures belong to
this society. Those strongholds are maintained by rotat-
ing rosters of Leanhaun of the Order. While the rotation
is intended toprevent the Kithain from entering Bedlam,
it isn't wholly successful and many of the order exhibit
signs of the first and second stages of Glamour-induced
madness. For this reason, many of the strongholds em-
ploy more chimerical guards than Kithain ones.

The intention of the Eternal Order of Dreams is to
play the part of preservers of Dreamers so that when the
Earth is bereft of such, Leanhaun will still have a good
supply from which to Rhapsodize. Additionally, these
Dreamers form the nucleus from which a new crop of
Dreamers will be born to repopulate the Waking World
and bring Glamour back when the Earth is most in need
ofthem. Unfortunately, mortals were not meant to spend
so much time within the Dreaming itself and most of
them fall to Bedlam.

To prevent their fall into utter insanity, Leanhaun
crafters have created Chronos Cages to hold the captive
mortals. These room-sized holding cells create temporal
zones in which time passes at an exceedingly slow rate,
extending the time those within them can remain in the
Dreaming without succumbing to Bedlam. Laid end to
end, the cages provide house-sized accommodations for
our "guests." Between housing that retards time and

allowing occasional well-escorted trips into the waking
world, the Order is having far more success in preventing
Bedlam among our Dreamer populace. Some leakage is
inevitable, however; they can't prevent it entirely or
hold it off forever. Their greatest worry is that despite the
Chronos Cages, it will take too long to bring on Endless
Winter and the current group of captives will be utterly
mad when the time of its usefulness arrives at last. Some
of the order have begun to advocate merely marking
Dreamers and leaving them where they are in the waking
world until the signs foretelling the imminent arrival of

The Book of Houses 2

Endless Winter are more clear. Others argue that insane
Dreamers are better than no Dreamers at all and point to
the suddenness with which the Shattering occurred.
They warn that we dare not be without a sizable group
such as those we already possess in such an event.

The Inquiry

These Leanhaun specialize in contacting other
supernaturals, learning whatever they can about them
and making preliminary alliances where possible. Al-
though most know a little something about several types
of supernaturals, each tends to specialize in interacting
with only one sort. Thus, we have specialists studying the
Children of Lilith, wraiths, mages and others. When
possible, several members of the Inquiry meet together
and exchange information, working out how each group's
beliefs and practices interrelate. Through this, we hope
to add what they learn to our own knowledge of the
Prodigals and other powers in the world. We also hope to
gain insight into those supernaturals who may help us
achieve our goals. If we can count on their aid, the Seelie
cannot hope to stand against us.

The Unseelie Code

Not too surprisingly, House Leanhaun follows the
tenets of the Unseelie Code. What might surprise you is
that many of us follow part of the Seelie Code as well. It
isn't so easy to pigeonhole us. We run the gamut from
mostly Seelie (except for those annoying side trips to
Rhapsodize) to mainly Unseelie (strangely enough be-
cause a few of us refuse to lie about what we are) all the
way to the black-hearted, thoroughly despicable and
monstrous Shadow Courtiers (who currently espouse

Seelie rule in Arcadia). See what I mean? Nonetheless,
if taken as purely majority versus minority, the main
thrust of House Leanhaun bows further toward this
philosophy.

Change is Good

In fact, it's absolutely imperative. While we ac-
knowledge that the medieval model still has some merit,
we know that we must modernize our ways of thinking
and acting if we are to make our way in this world. If we
hope to bring about a new beginning for Arcadia, we will
have to embrace massive change here first, and that
change may very well be so overwhelming that most of us
cannotsurvive it. We don'treally understand why Arcadia
should be so locked in archaism when the Unseelie Court

fe

tules (as they should be ringing in changes almost con-
stantly), but we know things must break apart and form
new patterns. I have often wondered if Banality isn't
really a mortal reaction to change. When things grow
and evolve (a wonderful modern word, so evocative!),
many mortals (and not a few stick-in-the-mud Seelie)
feel threatened. What do they do? They pull the blankets
over their heads, shielding themselves by denying new
possibilities. Nothing kills creativity fas

So what think you, love? Is that Banality or not? In
any case, whatever your thoughts on that subject, we

strive to bring about change, movement, novelty, cre-
ativity, call it what you will. While we can appreciate old
stories and applaud old favorites, the most exciting ones
are those we've never heard before. Odd, isn't it, that we
should be trying to bring Earth into the ultimate frozen,
unchanging age in the name of change?

Glamour Is Free

Actually, we work quite hard for it, as should be
evident by now. Quips aside, we do believe that there's
Glamour to spare for most uses, and in that sense it is free.
Glamour itself can never be wholly eradicated, only
overcome or overwhelmed fora time by Banality. So long

as there are Kithain, so long as humans remain to think
and hope and dream, Glamour will continue to exist. For
the time being, we believe there is a surfeit of Glamour,
after all we see Dreamers everywhere. This is an age given

to invention and creativity. Every day new advances and ‘

amazing technological devices call forth wonder, and
spark ideas and stories. No, my darling, Glamour is in no
danger of running out immediately, despite the grumblings
of Seelie alarmists.

We do agree that Glamour will become more scarce
as time passes, partly due to our own intervention. We
aren't profligate in spending and wasting it. Leanhaun
plans to harvest as many Dreamers as we can, installing
them in the Eternal Order of Dreams' freeholds through-
out the Dreaming. This is to preserve them against the
time when Glamour becomes an endangered commod-
ity. We plan the same use for treasures and chimerical
items and beasts, as I've outlined before. Obviously, as
the world darkens and we hoard glamour, the lack be-
comes more pronounced, but we plan to use what we hold
back now when the dearth is at its greatest. Meanwhile,
we remove Glamour from the world so that we can bring

about the conditions necessary to our Great Ritual. We
could hardly do this if Glamour were already in short
supply. Thus, it stands to reason that our expenditure of
the mortals we Rhapsodize will have little to no effect
upon the overall supply of Glamour in the world for
several years to come.

Honor Is a Lie

We've never doubted this one even when we strive
to be as honorable as we reasonably can be. Most of us are
honest enough to realize that Ravaging 2 especially
Rhapsody z is hardly honorable. On the other hand, we
are only too aware that certain so-called honorable
Seelie are anything but paragons of virtue. Some are self-
aggrandizing, pompous idiots, and some are only as hon-
orable in battle or contest as those watching force them
to be. The worst are those who believe they are the
epitome of honor, yet hunt down our family members
because we must labor under a curse a and a curse,
moreover, laid upon us by another supposedly "honor-
able" Kithain, one so swollen by jealousy she couldn't see
straight. I know this is important to you, love, and I don't
question that you believe yourself and your house the
very soul of honor. We know otherwise and don't pretend
to be what we are not. Is honesty the equivalent of honor?
I cannot answer that. I wonder if you can.

Passion Before Duty

This one is a little troublesome due to its wording:
Our duty is passion, the passionate love and creative
genius we inspire when we Rhapsodize a Dreamer. Kithain
are passionate creatures by nature, driven by our emo-
tions to excess. How could we be otherwise and with-
stand the deadening tide of Banality? To surrender to
barren, boring duty is to die. We of House Leanhaun
infuse Glamour and passion into everything we attempt
so that duty becomes one more creative pursuit.

In our other endeavors we tend to throw ourselves
into our roles and revel in our place in the Grand
Pageant. Though most of us work to achieve our house
goals, we hardly spend every waking hour pursuing them.
We love gaiety, laughter, parties and lavish entertain-
ment, yet we also seek more sensual, darker pleasures at
times. Some among us care little what sensations we
surrender toso longas we feel something. If wanting to feel
fully alive means putting passion before duty, then we
plead guilty of that pleasure.

House Leanhaun 19


The Seelie Code

Few Leanhaun even attempt to follow every tenet of
the Seelie code, yet most of us believe in certain portions
of it. Unlike the Seelie, we have never denied the other
side of ourselves. We can accept that each side of our
natures offers us something of value.

Death Before Dishonor

Considering what we do to maintain ourselves, we
would be the greatest liars among the Kithain if we
claimed to follow this particular part of the Seelie Code.
I suppose within the strictest sense, we try to treat those
we Rhapsodize with as much kindness as we can, which
might be considered dealing honorably with them. Some
of our knights strive to live up to a code of honor a
especially whenever they must meet Seelie Kithain in
tourneys. But we have no illusions that we prefer to die
rather than act dishonorably. Even most Seelie don't
really believe that claptrap, do they?

Love Conquers All

We certainly wish this were true. It would solve a lot
of our dilemmas. Our love conquers the mortals we
Rhapsodize, though I doubt that's exactly what the
Seelie have in mind when they speak of love. Strangely,
we consider ourselves to be shameless romantics. We
always enter into our Rhapsodies hoping against hope
that this time things will be different. Each new time we
must believe that love will be enough, that somehow our
curse will be lifted and we will no longer need to destroy
those we most cherish. Of course, nothing changes and
our hands are once again stained with mortal blood, or at
least the destruction of mortal creativity.

Most of us search for love among the Kithain. It's the
only thing that makes our lives bearable. Since you are
Seelie, my darling, I wonder, will love conquer your
aversion to our curse? Can you truly say you love me now,
with no reservations? Or has this confession caused you
on? Does love conquer all

to turn away from me in revuls
or is that philosophy just a pretty illusion? We have
suffered too many times to truly believe that love can

make a difference, yet over and over we lie to ourselves
and hope beyond hope. I await your answer, love. What
will it be, I wonder?

Beauty is Life

This we do believe. In fact, our lives literally depend
on beauty. We know first-hand that the creative genius
we drink in to sustain ourselves is a life wrapped in

80 The Book of Houses 2

irreplaceable beauty. In response, we try to lead lives
dedicated to beauty and graciousness. Our deepest de-
sires, our greatest aspirations stem from our love of beauty
z whether of form, mind or soul. Even when we strive
toward the destruction of the Earth as most people know
it, we do so with the hope that eventually beauty will
once again rule both the Earth and Arcadia

Never Forget a Debt

We don't forget our debts a we owe more to our
Dreamers than we could ever repay. We do not forget
them, but think of them long after they are gone. Some
of us try to make things right (or as right as we can) by
looking after the families of those we Rhapsodize. Notall
of us take on this duty, of course, but enough of us do that
we feel we have paid at least part of the debt. In like
fashion, most Leanhaun take their agreements with
others very seriously. When we accept others' aid, we
pect ours in return. We make it a point

never to disappoint them. In fact, we thrive on creating
and discharging debts to other Kithain. We know our
survival depends upon our allies' good will and keeping
their regard means honoring our debts to them. So this
tenet is one that almost every Leanhaun follows.

On the other hand, we never forget debts owed to us.
We especially make a point of collecting from those who
misuse us in any fashion. They may not always like the
way we collect on those debts, nor do we care what our
enemies feel.

The Shadow Courc Tenecs

Ofall the philosophies of our kind, House Leanhaun
understands the Shadow Court's point of view best.
While we would like to adhere to the comforting fictions
of the Seelie Code, we can only survive under the
Unseelie Code and the practices of the Shadow Court.

Understand the Mortal World

We do understand it, far better than most sidhe.
Many sidhe, both Seelie and Unseelie, are content to let
the medieval model rule them. They seek Dreamers in
those arts they understand from long ago — painting,
sculpture, storytelling, and music being the most popular.
House Leanhaun, on the other hand, must constantly
search for new sensations with which to sate ourselves.
We too can find superb musicians or painters, but we also
ferret out architects, computer software designers, politi-
cal candidates, science fiction writers, chefs, athletes and
photographers, among others. Of necessity, we learn


about what our current Rhapsodic lovers do. We must, in
order to inspire them to greatness. Encountering the

modern world and its ideas head-on giv

sa unique
perspective among the sidhe even while it may be dis-
commfitingat tines. The commoners who experienced the
changes the world has undergone on way to the

modern age know more than we probably ever will, but
then we encourage alliances with them, so they may
share that knowledge with us.

In terms of understanding modern thought, we be-
lieve we have grasped the basics. In the locations where
wecmaintalil freeholds, democracy or sonie tespect for
individual rights and property exist. We at least pay lip
service to the idea of sidhe-commoner equality. That

much we understand quite well about these times — say
what your listeners want to hear and you own them.
We've learned that from mortals. We also know that in

the mortal world a great fuss is made about freedom and

equal opportunities, but the real determinant of how well

someone lives is how much money he has. That, in turn,
isbased on his color, his religion, the school he attended
and the network of contacts he developed by being in the
right place. What more is there for us to learn? That sort
of exclusivity comes naturally to us, after all, we are sidhe
despite our protestations that all Kithain are equal, and
we certainly don't consider mortals our equals either. We
respect them for what they can do for us, and we do
consider their feelings and try to make them as comfort-
able as possible, but in the end, they exist to serve our
needs and that's no basis for equality.
Understand the Supernatural World; Make and
Break Alliances as Necessary
That goes without saying. | think Leanhaun is re-
sponsible for the part about making alliances and having
itaccepted as Shadow Court philosophy. Those alliances

include other supernatural creatures. Ailil may be the
instigators of the second half of the idea a advocating
breaking agreements as necessary, | mean. Not that we
don't ever break our word, but we'd prefer not to make
that known quite so publicly. Several of our scholars in
the Inquiry devote their time to discovering and main-
taining contact with various supernaturals, be they vam-
pires, mages, werewolves or what have you. In most cases,
we have uncovered evidenée that each of these groups
has its own agenda z most of them focused around some
apocalyptic event that will annihilate their race or wreck
the waking world. Now that interests us. In fact, it sounds

a great deal like our plans for Endless Winter, and we can
use all the help we can get putting that in motion. If we
can convince each group that we stand ready to assist
them in their struggles, we may create the climate in
which a Shadow Court takeover is assured and gain
potent allies at the same time. In order to do that,
however, we need to fully understand each group and its
goals and determine how those goals conflict with, or
support, one another.

Our secondary line of inquiry is to discover if we can
utilize any of their powers in place of the Glamour we
take from mortals. We already know that the Children of
Lilith, whom mortals call vampires, exude a sort of dark
Glamour we find highly attractive. We have found
through our experiments that such Glamour lends itself
most readily to performing hurtful and controlling sorts
of cantrips and is hard to bend toward lighter uses.
Utilizing such dark Glamour for any lengthy period
seems to promote cruelty and suppress our better natures.
We wouldn't truly mind this - after all, Glamour is
Glamour and beggars can't choose which feast will invite
them in 2 except it tends to reveal us as unmistakably
Unseelie with no chance to hide what we are from our
Seelie counterparts. Then again, as our time approaches,
will we really care what the Seelie think any more?

We have been more reticent about approaching
mages and werewolves. Mortal mages were most often
our enemies before the Shattering, and the wolf-kin are
quite dangerous to approach, especially since many of
them believe House Leanhaun serves something they
call the worm. For now, we'll let the specialists deal with
them, butas we learn more, we must find ways to use what
we can from them. It may be that by using supernaturals
in place of humans toslake our thirst for Glamour that we
can preserve' more Dreamers to help rebuild after we
bring down the night upon the Earth. An intriguing
notion, particularly if by doing so we also eliminate
potential competition from these beings.

Harvest Glamour, Prepare for Endless Winter

I feel I hardly need mention this one again. It remains
son we believe we are here. We
differ from the other Unseelie houses only in the degree

our main focus, the re

of our involvement. Where most of them simply ready
themselves for Endless Winter as best they can, we are
planning for what comes after it. We don't passively wait
for its arrival; we work to bring it on according to our

House Leanhaun


timetable. Most Unseelie, even those of the Shadow
Court and the Ritualists don't really comprehend that
the onset of the long darkness cannot be allowed to
happen at its own pace, brought on by our inability to
hold it at bay any longer. Too many of Houses Ailil and
Balor believe they should acquire all the Glamour they
can in order to glut themselves gorging on it. They don't
understand that this isn't a game where we win by
depriving the Seelie of Dreamers and Glamour and
taking home the most toys ourselves; It is a deadly serious
necessity for us to preserve Glamour for our later needs.
We have to take the reins and guide the Kithain into the
Endless Winter; we can't stumble into it unprepared or it
will destroy us all.

Overthrow the Seelie Court and Nobility

To accomplish our goal, this must be done, but we
wonder if it is possible to accomplish an overthrow
without excessive bloodshed. If most Seelie truly under-
stood what's going on, wouldn't they gladly step aside and
help us heal the old wounds so we may heal out homeland
and reopen the gates to Arcadia? Don't count on it. The
Seelie are so entrenched in their rulership that it will take
an out-and-out revolution to oust them.

RA Ro wrx an ge ge

Before that, though, we must make certain that the
change doesn't result in anarchy or in petty squabbles
among the commoners and nobility in regard to who
rules. We want to be firmly in position with a workable
plan for government of the Kithain in hand before we
trigger a rebellion against the Seelie sidhe. If the Seelie
cannot abide by our rule, we will have to incarcerate
them or putaside some frecholds where they may live and
govern themselvesas they wish so longs they leave usin
peace. Meanwhile, we cement good relations with com-

moners and recruit whomever we can to the cause.
Ailil may think they're in charge, but their reputa-
tion as supreme manipulators precedes them; Balor may
think to rule through force of arms, but they lack the
perspective and wisdom needed to rule, particularly
during a difficult transition phase. We've taken great
pains to let other Kithain know these facts about our
fellow Unseelie houses. So while we'll use them to
overthrow the Seelie, they'll find that their options for
rule during Endless Winter are limited to those tasks we
assign them. And we aren't as complacent as the Seelie;
at the first sign, they are fomenting rebellion against us,
we and our commoner allies will round them up. We can


—-s

(e

use fae for Rhapsody; we just usually don't choose to do
so. If they give us a reason, we'll take whatever steps we
must to survive the Winter and bring in the New Spring.

Fulfill the Ritual Obligations of the Year, Culmi-
nating in Samhain

Only our Ritualists are obsessed with this one, but all
of us who take our house goals seriously attend functions
and work topromote the rites we must perform toachieve
our aims. Those who are more hedonist than world-saver
at least pay it lip service and attend a few Unseelie revels
and rituals either to keep their hand in with the other
Unseelie or just to party. Of course, Samhain itself is of
paramount importance as it is the traditional date on
which the Unseelie Court officially takes over the rule of
the fae. We don't plan to change that when we bring
down Winter. In fact, Samhain will probably become
even more important since our Great Ritual sacrifice will
be tied in to that date.

Meanwhile, many of us make a point of attending the
various feasts and observances. From attending, we learn
the various rituals we'll need to know, we see who else is

interested in our rites and we build trust in our ability to
perform the Great Ritual when it comes. Further, we use
such celebrations as occasions to sound out other Kithain
concerning our ideas. During the good feelings engen-
dered by successful feasts, they are far more likely to be
reasonable and if we impress them with our knowledge of
rituals, they tend to believe us when we tell them Endless
Winter lies just beyond the horizon.

Spread Chaos, Revolution and Anarchy

We tend to do this one in a round about way.
Leanhaun isn't much for anarchy or chaos; they tend to
interfere with our mission, but we don't mind subtly
encouraging the breakdown of authority in Seelie areas.
Naturally, we-don't make it obvious: we're promoting
rebellion. We aren't House Balor, after all. We just make
certain that the artists we introduce to the courts in
which we have influence are those whose works encour-
age questioning authority or going beyond the usual
limits. Once we rope younger Seelie in through these
Dreamers, it's far easier to convince them to join us in
small acts of rebellion. From there, we can usually recruit
them to our side.

At least, that's "official" house policy. Like any
group, we have our Wilder element (pun intended).
They aren't content to work within the constraints
placed upon them by the house. Feeling that their time
is limited enough by the curse laid upon them, they take
to the streets wreaking havoc on Dreamers and Kithain
alike with cantrip and chimera. Some hold jousts on
motorcycles in the center of busy thoroughfares; others
fight chimerical duels atop skyscrapers. They usually
claim to be doing no more than living life to the fullest,
but their actions promote anarchy. Indeed, most such
cliques don't even give themselves names or choose
leaders, they act and react as individuals within a group
rather than as an organized faction. While we can ap-
plaud their success in attracting sidhe and commoner
wilders to their "gangs," we would prefer to have a little
more control over them so that ultimately they serve
House Leanhaun.

The Escheac

These rights constitute the most ancient customs
recognized by the fae. Ashas no doubt been the case with
other codes of behavior I have explained here, we have
aslightly different take on the Escheat than most Seelie
a or even Houses Balor and Ailil. Though we usually act
within the letter of the law, so to speak, we do so only so
long as other Kithain uphold our rights to these same
protections.

The Right of Demesne

In essence, this grants freeholds and the right of rule
to those whose birth entitles them to the holding. Fur-
ther, such rulers have absolute rule within their de-
mesnes. They cannot be challenged or their word ques-
tioned. We agree with the basic concept and we really
wish the Seelie would extend the courtesy of following
their own rules to us. Any freeholds we hold are con-
stantly under siege by blathering (or attacking!) Seelie
do-gooders, who usually don't know anything atall about
House Leanhaun except vague rumors that we're Ravag-
ers. Then they wonder why we behave the way we do
whenever they uncover evidence that we've been under-
mining Seelie rulers.

House Leanhaun


Leanhaun holds few freeholds, but we constantly
search for more. Any place we do rule isheld through that
particular noble's personal charisma, political acumen
and fighting prowess. Rather than depending on some
outmoded ideal such as the right of demesne to protect
what is ours, we make certain we have the strength to
hold it come what may. In the end, falling back on the
right of demesne to hold their freeholds and control what
political factions thrive there may prove the Seelies'
undoing.

The Right to Dream

We've never questioned mortals' rights to dream, we
simply reserve the right to benefit from them. Most
Kithain take this to mean that we should never interfere
with Dreamers in a violent way or from a position of
superiority — in other words, we shouldn't Ravage. They
have no problem with Musing Dreamers, reasoning that
it doesn't "force" the Dreamer or destroy her ability to
create again and again. We of House Leanhaun consider
that drivel a convenient fiction the Seelie use to excuse
their own actions. Just because they take a little longer to
bring about the fulfillment of the Dreamer's vision, that
doesn't mean they aren't feeding off that creativity,
sucking up the Glamour just as greedily as any Ravager
they condemn.

Who's to say which is better? Our way brings about
an explosion of greatness and perfect genius, brought to
fruition through the direct infusion of Glamour into a
mortal who willingly surrenders to it in order to create.
Seelie Musing reminds me of mincing old ladies fiddling
with their knitting, turning it this way and that and
clucking over it until it finally becomes something re-
sembling a sweater. The Seelie method interferes just as
much — oreven more so— than ours. They try to inspire
some hapless mortal to create something they want cre-
ated. Oh, it may be technically within the interests and
talents of the Dreamer they choose, but it isn't what the
Dreamer herself would have brought forth without faerie
interference. I think we actually respect our Dreamers
more; we're certainly more honest.

The Right of Ignorance

Mortals have the right not to know about us. That
about sums up this particular right. Well, not exactly.
What we really mean by this is that we're afraid to let the
mortals know we exist. We blame them for the Sundering
and the Shattering and we shake in our boots at the

84 The Book of Houses 2

thought that they might realize we're still among them.
They might try to capture us or use us to their own ends!
As if we didn't use them for our own purposes! Once we
were mighty warriors and magicians, respected and pro-
pitiated by humans who feared our displeasure. Now we
skulk about the fringes of their world hiding our true
selves and begging for a few crumbs from their table of
dreams. Pitiful!

Leanhaun makes itself known where we will. We
take mortals as our servants and entertainers, our friends
and our lovers. Unlike the lickspittal Seelie, we aren't
afraid to live in the modern world, nor are we too timid

to exercise our powers to enchant mortal beings, so we
may interact more comfortably with them. Let the Seelie
hover fearfully at the outer edges of the feast of life; we'll
be dancing in the centeraround the bonfire knowing that
if we get burned, at least we have tasted of the finest
before we were consumed.

The Right of Rescue

The Leanhaun respect the right of rescue and of safe
haven the most. We make it a point of house honor to
rescue Kithain who have fallen into Banality's clutches
ot who have been captured by those who know what we
areand mean us harm. Occasionally, we have even drawn
back another Kithain from Bedlam, even going so far as
to track such a one into the Dreaming to bring her back
before she's utterly lost. Our missions of mercy go beyond
the mere rescuié operation, however, for we ery to bring
the victim back to herself and to discover where she
actually belongs. We make no distinction between Seelie
and Unseelie in this regard and extend our services to
include Gallain, chimera and even faerie treasures.

To our surprise, some Seelie extend the same cour-
tesy to us. When they do so, we openly acknowledge our
debt to them and try to award them a favor of equal value,
even if it is only a promise that we will aid them in the
future. We usually accompany such a pledge witha giftor
aring or other trinket that they may send to us when they
have need of our services. Most Seelie tend to forget
about this right when it involves Unseelie, however, and
to them we grant our enmity. That doesn't mean we will
not rescue them, just that our hospitality may prove less
comfortable than the situation from which we retrieved
them. As I stated before, we don't forget our debts. And
we have first-hand knowledge of the pain our kind can
withstand...

Lap a


\

The Right of Safe Haven

As with the right of rescue, House Leanhaun excels
in providing safe havens for other Kithain. We willingly
shelter the lost, the hunted, the dispirited, the despised
and the endangered. Those who would take them from
our freeholds must be willing to battle everything
Leanhaun and our allies can throw against them. We first
established this pattern in the modern age during the
Accordance Wars and it has done more to endear our
house to Kithain who would have otherwise condemned
or ignored us than any other action we could have taken.
We make it clear to all Kithain that Leanhaun freeholds
are neutral ground where all can expect shelter and
healing regardless of court affiliation, rank or status.

Because our practices are known, we can usually
expect at least minimal shelter within Seelie freeholds. It
may be grudging, but if we need the help, we don't care
what attitude they have while they extend us their aid. In
most cases, Seelie courts have at least one Leanhaun in
residence or within their territory. Such house members
often advise the court concerning promising Dreamers
and court revelries, and their presence (since they are
seen as harmless) makes it far more likely that the court
will offera Leanhaun haven and extend its hospitality to
her.

The Right of Life

Ithink I've already noted that it isn't House Leanhaun.
seeking out Gwydions and slaying them out of hand. At
least we don't attempt to wipe out other Kithain merely
because of court or house affiliation, unlike certain Seelie
who seem to feel they can break this tenet with impunity.
We also extend the right to life to Gallain and Thallain,
though we aren't usually the ones attacking them either.

Naturally, when we are attacked, we respond. And
that's something few Seelie expect. They tend to think of
us as weakling Ravagers incapable of defending our-
selves. That's why they believe they can get away with
murdering our kin. The Midnight Pact came into being
in response to Seelie depredations against us. We didn't
simply awaken one morning and say, "It's a good day to
create an order of elite assassins." What amazes me is that
the Seelie who so deplore the loss of Glamour and the
growth of Banality in the world are the instigators of
Kithain murders, which we all know promotes Banality
and harms the Dreaming. You can't destroy dreams and

stories without suffering a backlash. I'd add something to
that: You can't destroy a Leanhaun without retaliation.
We feel that the Dreaming supports us when we avenge
our own and we no longer hesitate to set aside this right
when someone else disregards our right to life.

The Fior

Sigh. A contest to determine justice? Trial by ordeal?
We aren't much for battle generally. We're lovers, not
fighters. On the other hand, we are able to sustain so
much damage and endure so much pain that ordeals
meant to prove our guilt instead often prove our inno-
cence when no Seelie can believe we can endure the pain
without confession. Of course, if they invoke the Dream-
ing it's sometimes a different story. Then again, we can
invoke the Dreaming, too, and it at least realizes that if
the Seelie eradicate all the Unseelie, balance can never
be restored. So what am I saying? That we avoid the Fior
whenever possible, that we can sometimes overturn the
trial by simple endurance and that the Dreaming may
choose to overlook smaller transgressions since it is
focused more on the big picture. Still trust your glorious
Fior as the determinant of absolute justice, love?

Foscerage

Well, let's get the obvious out of the way first. No
Seelie would entrust a fosterling to us and we rarely send
our own childlings elsewhere for fostering until we've
had the chance to explain to the younglings about our
house and what we do to sustain ourselves. To do other-
wise would be to doom them to a short, pain-filled life.
We occasionally foster childlings from Ailil and Balor,
but only for brief periods. Balor childlings tend to be more
disruptive than we care for and we always feel as though
the Ailil are all tiny spies. | have heard of one Leanhaun
freehold that fostered a Scathach childling. While we
understand that fostering promotes knowledge of one
another's ways and helps to cement friendships and
alliances across family lines, our particular needs for
Glamour make this a difficult practice for us to follow.
We prefer to encourage shorter visits to other Kithain. If
fosterage is an absolute necessity, we try to send our
childlings to other Leanhaun so they may continue to
learn what they need to survive without well-inten-
tioned interference from Seelie meddlers.

House Leanhaun


Currenc Policics

This can be summed up in one sentence: Those who
give a fig have given themselves over to our mission and
those who don't know about our mission need to be
brought to heel quickly. The time nears for the Great
Ritual and anyone who isn't actively assisting us must be
counted among our enemies. Our basic political stance is
to bind as many Kithain to usas possible and stop our foes
from discovering what it is we mean to do. High Lord
Eleanor works from these ideas in the Parliament of
Dreams and our leadership down through the ranks of
knights has united behind these concepts. For a short
time yet, we are still willing to let this remain within the
arena of politics, but we all know war is coming. We plan
to be ready when it erupts.

Plays Cell ich
Ochers

Ailil wants to influence the other Kithain; Balor
wants to control them. Gwydion prefers to rule, Fiona to
love and Eiluned to mystify. Liam and Scathach just want
acceptance while Dougal is content to arm us. | make no
pretense at understanding what the commoners want
beyond equality, but] can tell you what Leanhaun wants:
friends, and plenty of them. Failing that, we'll take fellow
travelers tied to us by their court or even enemies who
owe us favors.

The Unseelie Houses

There are far more of us than you think, my love. Do
you even remember the Unseelie houses we left behind
in Arcadia? Yes, there are only three openly Unseelie
houses here, but we are more than enough to change the
balance of power — not that there is any balance now,
but if given the chance to rule our half of the year, we
might bring back things as they once were. Please don't
mistake my more pointed remarks concerning our allies;
We are all too aware how desperately we need them. We
see their flaws, but we also recognize their strengths and
appreciate their support of our house in return. Ifnothing
else, the mere fact that they are Unseelie binds them to
us.

86 The Book of Houses 2

Le

Cnt

A\ilil

Ah, the glorious leaders of the Unseelie! They seem
so gleefully proud of their vaunted skill at diplomacy and
manipulation. They insert a critical word here, a little
praise there, a pat on the shoulder, a blade in the back...

Why, they constantly tell us how clever they are, and
who are we to argue?

Seriously, though, despite my tongue-in-cheek in-
troduction, the Ailil show genuine talent in social situ-
ations. They can be charming and disarming enough that
some (even those who should know better) forget they
are Unseelie. Their arguments before the Parliament of
Dreams have actually bought all of us more room to
maneuver by reminding the Seelie that they too have a
darker side —and the Seelie desperately need to remem-
ber that.

We let Ailil take the lead. They're welcome to it!
The silver dragons' machinations garner so much atten-
tion from the Seelie houses that they often overlook us
entirely. Our survival depends upon everyone else's per-
ception of us as basically harmless and the weakest link
in the Unseelie houses. Because of this, we're happy to
bow to Ailil's supposed leadership. And if they can gain
power for the Unseelie Court, we will happily accept
whatever crumbs they toss our way @ for now. Soon
enough they will discover who the true masters of ma-
nipulation are and recognize their own foolish schemesas
the childish posturing they are. Ailil may play at politics;
we must control the game as a matter of survival.

Balor

House Balor represents such a disappointment to us.
Gifted with so much, they accomplish so little. If we had
half their blessings we'd rule the world. So they have a
deformity or two? So do the members of Dougal and they
seem to get along just fine! Why weren't we gifted with
immunity to iron in return for our pains?

The Balorites tend toward either the rough-shod
bullies or the oily manipulators who ape Ailil with none
of the silver dragons' finesse. I've always considered them
boorish and a little slow. On the plus side, they make
marvelous warriors, often evincing such brutality that
they excel at intimidation and occupy most of the oppo-
nents in battle. Seelie knights looking for honor and

Wise

Ve:

ae,

glory rarely stoop to picking a fight with the Leanhaun
when the Balor make such convenient targets. Besides,
many of House Balor recognize that they have common,
cause with us, not only against the Seelie Court, but
against Ailil as well. So long as Balor and Leanhaun
present a united front, Ailil cannot gain the total control
of the Shadow Court they seek. One word of warning:
Most Balors are like surly children. They don't like being
reminded that they lack certain social graces or that most
members of their house aren't renowned for their bril-
liance. We must not forget that the cold iron they wield
soadroitly against the Seelie canas

asily find its way into

our backs if we give them the chance.

The Scelie Houses

So noble, so self-sacrificing! So vocal concerning
their own superiority of vision and purpose! So full of
congratulations for themselves and their enlightened
policies and practices! So careful to follow all the rules
laws they themselves wrote. Laws we cannot follow if we
would abide here in the waking world for more thana few
months before aging and dying. Who among them could
endure the horror of feeling the searing ashes of ap-
proaching death 2 not in battle, but in ignominious
decay? Let them feel the drag of time deaden their nerves
and make their limbs leaden with fatigue, not for some
noble cause, but merely for carrying a name ze the name
of House Leanhaun. Let them feel the lash of Winter's
chillupon their hearts with every beat, and then let them
condemn us. Knowing the Seelie as I do, I wouldn't be
surprised if the hypocrites did just that.

Now is the part where you are supposed to ask, "But
what of me, beloved? Surely you cannot think this of
me?" Ah, but I do, my love. Though I place you above all
others, though I stand willing to die for your love, I
believe you are much like all our Seelie cousins. You all
react in typical hysteria the moment the word Unseelie
creeps in. Why does this frighten you so? Do you fear that
after all, we are right and you have been led astray? Poor
love, itis only when you can face that fact that the Seelie
are to blame for the state of the world that you will be
freed of your prejudice. Then again, I too betray prejudice
against others of our kind, as you shall see in my treat-
ment of the Seelie houses.

What can I offer as explanation for my harshness in
judgingall the Seelie?Only this: The Unseelie seek tore-
establish a balance thrown out of kilter by unrelenting
Seelie rule of 600 years and more. Ask yourself why the
Seelie no longer desire that balance and why they are
afraid to give up their rulership for even half year? Who
do the Seelie truly serve by keeping the world in such
chaos?

I freely confess that we Leanhaun hide our true
natures from the Seelie houses. We well know what their
reaction would be if they knew us for what we are. Oh,
some suspect; some even know we have Ravagers among
us, but only one house actually knows anything certain
and for now we pay their price to silence them. To the
others, we either hide our house affiliation or play to
their fancies, making ourselves into what they'd like to
believe we are. And how easy it is to deceive those who
regularly deceive themselves!

Dougal

Plodders rather than plotters, how the Dougal ever
became noble is beyond me. Not that they show any lack
of the qualities most Seelie think of as noble, just that it
always seemed to me that they simply didn't care that
much about titles and such. It cannot be denied that they
are sidhe, and since they have made a career of support-
ing House Gwydion, I suppose they've earned noble
status more honestly than some other houses I could
name.

My main problem with House Dougal is that they
often have such narrow minds and constricted views.
What saves them from falling to Banality is their creative
fire. Theiramazing gift for forging weapons and armor (as
well as other creations) means that they make items that
serve equally well as practical implements and as works
of art.

Our house never forgets that the key to befriending
or controlling the Dougal is to heap admiration on their
works and to speak knowledgeably about them. For now,
their best efforts go to arm House Gwydion and the
Seelie houses. We must convince them that this view is
short sighted if we are to eventually triumph. You may
think the forge an unlikely place to garner allies, but we
know that we need Dougal and we, therefore, cultivate
an appreciation for their passion!

House Leanhaun

aI
Lea TOS

Cituned

Touted as mysterious and subtle, these potent sorcer-
ers pique our interest. So like the Ailil and yet so unlike
them as well. If they actually had half the power and

talent they claim (orhint that they possess), we might see
if they could lessen ot remove our house's curse. Then
again, we'd probably find their price too high. The
Eiluned do know the true extent of our misfortunes and

how we maintain our youth. We pay them well for their
silence z for now. When we come to power, they will pay
for making us crawl to them. No house has the right to

hold another house's very existence hostage.

For the present, we concentrate on frequently back-
ing their views in the Parliament of Dreams and working
to discover what they want and supplying it to them.
Some of our house agents currently work at seducing

certain Eiluned as an experiment to discover if they will
help out of affection or love rather than pure self-interest.
Others have begun introducing a few Eiluned to the joys
and pains of Rhapsody. Once corrupted into utilizing
such methods to obtain Glamour, they will have little

success in holding the threat of exposing us to the Seelie

houses over our heads anymore. We might gain the upper
hand and threaten them instead. After all, everyone
knows we are Unseelie and that we are Ravagers, but

everyone suspects the Eiluned of doing something evil.
Meanwhile, we'll be very careful in all our dealings with
them; fooling the Eiluned isn't an easy proposition.

Fiona
Ah, the Fiona! They are the only house truly capable

of understanding the passions that drive us. The Fiona,
too, are lovers, yet their paramours only suffer broken
hearts when these fickle sidhe eventually tire of one love
and move on to the next. At least we grant those we

Rhapsodize the dignity of being our only lovers during
the time we spend with them, and we stay to the end.
Though the Fiona may involve themselves to the
point of obsession for awhile and feel they are the
consummate lovers, they spend far more time reveling in
the "feeling" of being in love than they actually spend
listening to or being with their lovers. Further, their
choice of paramours usually betrays their taste for the

fleshy and obvious rather than for subtle beauty or talent.
Still, they have always seemed to us to epitomize those
qualities that most mortals consider the hallmark of
Irishness (or, perhaps, the Celtic ideal): a love of laugh-

ter, song, good food, fellowship and fighting.

Since we are not a particularly martial house, that's
one area of Fionz
their prowess as warriors. Some might argue that they
even outdo the Gwydion on the field of battle. I think it's
a matter of taste: You either prefer the Gwydion ideal or

complishment we tend to forget «

the Fiona passion. Since most Fiona espouse the Seelie
cause, we would do well to remember their fighting skills
rather than regretting our oversight.

Guiydion

T admit to being highly prejudiced against most of
your house, beloved. The face that they openly advocate
our destruction 2 not banishment, but death a tells me
your kin are less than' the honorable Kithain they pro-
claim themselves to be. All of you are trained to excel in
battle, I'll give you that. But how can your house seriously
consider that unbalancing the world by insisting that all
fae be Seelie will stave off Endless Winter? Don't they see
that it is their insistence on maintaining unchanging
Seelie rule that is the greatest danger and a terrible
betrayal of us all?

We are all too aware that we need House Gwydion
(and all the other noble houses) if we are to reverse
centuries ofdamage to Arcadia. We must all cooperate ot
Arcadia itself will fall to Banality and be lost forever.
Many Leanhaun consider it a direct intervention of the
Dan of all fae that David Ardry has disappeared. While
his peacemaking efforts and inclusion of the commoners
in the government of the Kithain are commendable, his
stable z dare | say, dull? 2 reign allowed too many of us
to bask in complacency. We need to seize this opportu:
nity:to:reach new understandings-and foree:newsalltl
ances. Any other action is suicidal stupidity tantamount
to genocide. We can no longer afford to let the Seelie
dominate the fae. We desperately need to embrace new
ideas and breaking old patterns. Even if that means
sacrificing the high king to that end.

Unfortunately, House Gwydion's stubbornness and
immovability are as well documented as their excellence
in battle. If your kin would truly be known as honorable
and acknowledged as leaders among us, they must stop

being divisive between Seelie and Unseelie, and accept
that they, too, have aspects of chaos and change within
them. Convincing them after you have read this will be
your task, beloved.

Liam

What can I say about Liam? They belong to the house
of she who cursed us so unfairly, yet they too suffer woes
as part of their heritage. | have heard differing tales
concerning the origins of their disinheritance, but all
point to some indiscretion committed by King Liam
himself. If this is so, branding the entire house as oath
breakers is as unfair as laying a curse on all my house for
the actions of one.

As to Finellia herself, she (I believe) fully deserves
the appellation of oath breaker. It was Finellia's jealousy
that caused Leanhaun's actions, and Finellia's hasty and
ill-considered curse that forced us into the Unseelie
camp as our only means to protect ourselves. The Liams
hate us because we prey upon their precious mortals —an
irony indeed since it is Finellia of House Liam's fault that
we must do so.

While I can sympathize with their plight, I could
wish they would have half as much sympathy for us. Of
course, some Liams positively reek of Banality, which can
prove distressing to us, since we must maintain as much
Glamour as we can without entering Bedlam. Then
again, the Liams are clodding bores anyway, so we usually
don't miss their company.

Scachach

Yes, they are a house. Why do we waste our time
creating divisions among ourselves? House Scathach
managed to remain behind when the rest of us fled the
Shattering. They are the only sidhe who could give us an
authoritative accounting of the time we were gone and
we spurn them for their "common" ways. Could it have
escaped our notice somehow that they had no trouble
remaining essentially sidhe while not being destroyed as
the rest of us would have been? How did they manage
that? Why do we despise them for it rather than begging
them for insights?

House Leanhaun doesn't make that mistake. We
actively seek friendly contacts with the Scathach when-
ever we can. Aside from the knowledge they could share

with us, the Scathach also possess great skill in battle. If
everyone else is too proud or too stupid to realize their
value, we will certainly profit by their loss. If we could
convince Scathach that their goals best meshed with
ours, we could gain the sort of protectors we need. In
return, we would work to make the other houses ac-
knowledge Scathach's claim to noble status. Their advo-
cacy of the Unseelie cause would give us four Unseelie
houses against the five Seelie. With Eiluned in doubt,
that might be enough to tip the balance our way.

The Commoners

We see the commoner Kithain quite differently than
do most sidhe. We have worked hard (and continue todo
so) to win their favor and that has paid off. Commoners
make up the majority of our most loyal followers and
provide us with depth and resources we would not other-
wise have. Even Seelie commoners sometimes find our
tule and our friendship more valuable to them than the
patronage of the Seelie houses. Much of our early train-
ing focuses on fitting in with the commoners while not
losing our position among the sidhe. Longhoursare spent
teaching our childlings how to deal with commoners as
if they were our equals, while never letting them know we
see them any other way. And they say the Ailil are
manipulative charmers! Those we cannot charm, we
extend favors, binding them to us with respect, love or
duty. Of course, this works better with Seelie than
Unseelie, but even they respond to mutually beneficial
arrangements.

Boggans

We probably couldn't exist without our boggans.
Not only do they perform innumerable functions for us
— everything from housekeeping to acting as seneschals
and social secretaries — but their love of gossip provides
us with valuable insights into those around us. I can't tell
you the number of times boggan gossip has provided us
with the ammunition we needed to prevent attacks
against us or defuse interhouse quarrels. We've found
boggans to be loyal and dependable. Their inherent
decency makes us seem less suspect whenever they asso-
ciate with us. The Unseelie among them can be too
demanding and perfectionist, but you can't fault their
dedication. Our only real difficulty with boggans is that
we have tobe very careful what they learn aboutus. Their

House Leanhaun


tongues will wag whether they're telling us tales of others
or spreading our house secrets. We therefore guard quite
carefully against giving boggans too much confidential
information.

Cshu

Most nobles (and not a few commoners) dismiss the
eshu as little more than clever storytellers. Some even
think they are unreliable because they like to wander.
What fools! Have you any idea how valuable it is to have
eshu on your side? It's true they are wanderers. That
means they carry tales everywhere they go, and if those
stories are flattering to you, your battle is half won. House
Leanhaun is all too aware how effective such good press
can be. We're equally aware of the interesting news they
bring to US. We employ several eshu as spies for the
house. Since they constantly travel about on their own,
few suspect them of acting as spies for nobles.

These regal fae also make excellent scouts. Not only
do their travel reports provide us with accurate and
detailed accounts of areas and freeholds we may someday
have to travel through or battle, but they can lead us
where we need to be at a given time. Some eshu sympa-
thetic to our aims have even become specialized in
locating just the sorts of Dreamers we need to sustain
ourselves. We of House Leanhaun reward our eshu well.
More than that, we never forget that the eshu consider
themselves nobles in their own right. We treat them as
such 2 at least to their faces.

Nockers

Most fae never look beyond the foul mouths and
technical abilities of these Kithain. Neither do we. Then
again, should we? Nockers create some interesting and
unexpected gadgets, some of them quite lethal. Ifthey are
willing to design what we need, we're willing to praise
them immoderately and put up with their disgusting
language.

We goa little beyond that, though, providing work-
shops for those who ally with us or join the house, giving
them positions of authority, and acknowledging their
superior workmanship through gifting them with dross.
In return, nockers working for House Leanhaun make
some surprising things we will eventually unveil when
the time is right. A few of them eschew other sorts of
creation to concentrate on armor and weaponry. House
Dougal may think they hold exclusive rights to forge
work, but nockers have the natural affinity for it. Aside

from their creative flair, many nockers prove to be
vicious fighters when cornered.

Several of their best designs incorporate modern
weaponry and chimerical crafting. Those items could
change things significantly, turning affairs in favor of the
Unseelie if used at right time. Since we will control that
weaponry, Leanhaun has an excellent chance to win
conflicts with the Seelie a even when we're outnum-
bered. Who can argue with that?

Pooka

Few sidhe pay much attention to pooka. Those who
do, dismiss them as cute and comical liars or bothersome
nuisances. We of House Leanhaun know the pooka as
tricksters and have occasionally even subtly suggested or
urged them on in pranks against other houses. After all if
Duke So-and-So is busy showing his annoyance with a
pooka, he's unlikely to be watching his Leanhaun revels
master to see if she's Ravaging the neighborhood Dream-
ers. Pooka are useful in other ways than as distractions,
though. Good listeners, they all have some talent for
getting other Kithain to open up to them. They seem so
sympathetic and comical 2 so harmless « that almost
anyone confides in them, spilling just about anything in
the process. The more serious-minded pooka remember
what they're told. Once we've weeded out the evasions,
the exaggerations and the out-and-out reversals, we
usually find those revelations quite useful.

Further, we use pooka loyal to us to spread
disinformation about House Leanhaun and our deeds.
While it's fine to feed pooka complete fabrications as if
they were true, it's also useful to tell them absolute truths
while making them sound as if they are lies. In the former
instance, if the pooka believes the stories to be true, she

repeats them z butas if they are lies. In the latter case, she
repeats the stories she believes to be lies as the truth. In
both situations, since other Kithain know pooka always
lie, they frequently accept the falsehoods as fact (or at
least close to fact) and reject the true stories as false. By
the time they realize their mistake, it's usually too late.

One facet of pooka that many Kithain overlook is
their animal-like nature. Treat a pooka kindly, show him
favor and he will serve you as faithfully as any pet. This
is even more useful if the pooka's beast form is one that
can hold its own in a fight. Some sidhe refuse to travel
without loyal troll guardians; I usually add a useful pooka
or two to my retinue.

The Book of Houses 2

RE

K
i

Redcaps

Let's face it, these are rude, crude, obnoxious Kithain
who will put any foul thing in their mouths and try to
chew it up 2 all in the name of grotesquerie! We have
nothing in common with these hideous fashion victims.
Their revolting habits disgust us and their lack of refine-
ment (or any saving graces) make them unwelcome in
our freeholds.

Unfortunately, we cannot afford to throw away
Kithain whose fighting prowess and ferocity might serve
our cause and protect our lives. So we pretend to tolerate
(even like) redcaps. They literally inundate the Shadow
Court in any case, so we can't just ignore them. If they
serve our aims, we deal with them, and hope they never
realize how much we despise them.

For now, they serve as the backbone of our troops,
training secretly for the time when the Shadow Court is
prepared to make its move. Though hard to control due
to their bloodlust, we have found ways of ensuring their
loyalty and compliance. Since most of them gain their
Glamour from Ravaging, we reward good behavior by
supplying those who earn our favor with the names and
locations of potential "contributors." Those who defy us,
on the other hand, soon discover that their suppliers
have dried up and no new ones are to be found. A redcap
begging for another chance and a little Glamour to
sustain him is a truly pitiful sight and one we find
expecially heartwarming.

Sacyrs

Lusty and frolicsome, these Kithain also possess a
great understanding of scholarship and art. When we
want a carefree fling or a night of sheer forgetfulness we
consort with satyrs. They have the wit and knowledge to
match our intellect, the love of revelry and music that
lifts our hearts and the amorous expertise to please us, we
who are so often jaded by love. When your usual love
affairs revolve around the tragedy of inevitable loss and
your own betrayal and corruption, a fun tryst in the midst
of a party can prove so refreshing it saves your life ze
literally.

Satyrs once had an entire art form dedicated to them,
asacred art ze that of drama. Other Kithain would do well
to remember that, for the satyrs have not forgotten. We
alwaysspeak and act respectfully toward satyrs, playing to

their vanity through our acknowledgment that the an-
cient Greeks once considered them gods. Because we
seem to understand them better than other sidhe (or
even commoners), many satyrs join with or serve our
house. Most utilize their scholarly abilities to further our
knowledge and help us locate obscure lore.

Finally, their skill with music can provide a freehold
with much-needed mirth and revelry. Some even create
Glamour with their playing, summoninga whirling throng
of dancers or quietly bringing forth tears from rapt listen-
ers who bathe in the sounds of their potent creations.
Even when Glamour is not forthcoming, pleasant tunes
played in the evening or a sunny garden at noon can help
to ease our burdens as few other pursuits can.

Sluagh

Smelly, sneaky, slithery, whispery, these slinking
Kithain make my skin crawl. Their long, pale faces
remind me of corpses and their preference for dark, dank
places evokes images of the grave. Personally, I find
Sluagh (even the childlings) so repulsive I cannot stand
to have one near me. Others of the house thankfully act
as liaisons with these crawling wretches. As if their
spidery movements weren't bad enough, their smell
nauseates most Kithain, a fact which I believe they use
against us deliberately, almost defiantly, as if saying "If
you can tolerate the smell and pretend it isn't there, may
tell youa thing or two. Retch even once and you'll never
hear this information."

And that's the catch. Finding out secrets is second
nature to the sluagh. They are the best (or at least most
secretive) intelligence gatherers among the Kithain.
Their bodies can contort into almost any small crawlspace,
allowing them access to just about anywhere. What they
learn from others, we want to know. What they learn
from us, we want kept silent. In both cases, we're willing
to pay.

Often, a sluagh's price is not costly, but extremely
odd, such as asking a Leanhaun baroness to walk down to
a deserted dock and whisper a single name. In that case,
the sluagh who proved to a fellow Kithmate that he did
indeed know the baroness and that she owed him a favor
won far more from the doubting sluagh than we could
have paid. Naturally, some odd demands are not so
harmless. [t is always best when dealing with sluagh to try
to anticipate what use they might make of what they ask
for and decide if helping them achieve their goal is worth

House Leanhaun 91


whatever they can tell you. I prefer to have something on
them that they'd rather not have known or some other
hold over them to ensure their silence concerning house
affairs. Some members of the house do treat with them
that way. Others prefer straightforward bargaining.

A few members of House Leanhaun have made a
concerted effort to recruit sluagh, trying to win their
loyalty. | have grave doubts that they will succeed in
weaning sluagh away from their own kith and from
greedy demands, but eventually, | think all the sluagh
will embrace their Unseelie natures. Most are more than
halfway there already. Further, I believe that soon after
that they will fully espouse the cause of the Shadow
Court. It's the only sane choice once you know all the
facts, and the sluagh usually do.

Trolls

Anyone who thinks thatall trolls are noble has never
met the Unseelie side of the family. Then again, we don't
really trust most Unseelie trolls unless we have their
sworn word on a matter and retain some hold over them.
tomake them keep that word. This creates some interest-
ing situations. Many Leanhaun prefer troll guardians, but
we seek Seelie ones when possible. You might be sur-
prised that we are often able to gain their loyalty and
protection without recourse to bribery, threats or subter-
fuge. We simply offer them what they want & respect and
gratitude for their service. Naturally, we try to shield
them from learning about our Rhapsodies so they don't
need to choose between their sense of duty and their
sense of morality. Still, a rare few learn what we do and
forgive us because they see the consequences of our
abstaining from Rhapsody. These are our most trusted
and treasured guardians and champions.

Of all the commoners, trolls deserve a real role in
governing the Kithain. They are the ones who usually put
their lives on the line to defend others and often the rise
or fall of a freehold depends upon the grim determination
of its troll warriors. House Leanhaun fully believes that
we must win the majority of trolls to our cause if we are
to fulfill our goals. Of course, we don't explain it to the
trolls as bringing on Endless Winter (that seems too
much like Ragnarok); instead we emphasize the noble
cause of freeing Arcadia from its centuries-long thralldom
to the Unseelie Court. And that's the main drawback of
this kith: they are sometimes too noble and filled with
notions of heroism to really examine a situation from all
angles. Needless to say, the Unseelie members of the kith
don't suffer from that particular failing.

The Book of Houses 2

Thallain

These obnoxious and disgusting creatures hold no
fascination for us. While we advocate their right to
continued existence, we have little in common with
them. So longas they keep away from us, yet seem willing
to aid us when we need it, we have no quarrel with them.

Gallain

Except for the clurichaun we have few dealings with
the Gallain. Clurichaun and we tend to appreciate the
same sorts of things, including fine music and dance. We
make it a point, however, never to Rhapsodize any
Dreamer under a clurichaun's protection and never to
interfere with their cherished collections. We hold so
few freeholds in Concordia that we rarely encounter the
Nunnehi and Inanimae don't interest us, and won't
unless they come to us offering alliances.

The Prodigals

Many Kithain leave most of these beings strictly
alone. As with our other dealings, House Leanhaun
always looks for potential allies, even in the strangest
places.

Children of Lilith

Ailil could take a few lessons from the children of
Lilith. Political manipulations in the mortal world aside,
they certainly know how to pull one another's strings
while remaining out of sight. "Pay no attention to that
man behind the curtain," indeed! Our scholars among
the Inquiry study these vampires, partly because we
wonder how close to us they are. They too need some-
thing from mortals that sustains them; they too have a
potential for immortality, just as we once did. We know
they spring from our own kind, but they have become
something else in the long years we spent in exile from
the Earth. Younger mortals seem drawn to them, imitat-
ing their looks and posturing as if they too felt the chill
of the grave. Some of our most interesting Rhapsodies
occur with these sad children who crave meaning to their
existence and flare with untold creative brilliance. For
attracting such partners to the area we thank the children
of Lilith.

Recently, we have begun speaking with them con-

cerning their beliefs and practices. There seem to be two
main factions, much like our Seelie and Unseelie, each of
which strives to rule. We will continue to observe, then
offer our help to whichever side we choose to support &

with the understanding that they agree to
return.

tus in

Werewolves

These Prodigals have reverted so far back to nature
that we have little in common with them anymore. They
are usually violent and closed-minded. Nonetheless,
inquirers attempt to make contact with them and dis-
cover if we have any reason to ally. They would make
formidable warriors in our battle to suppress the Seelie if
we could win them to our cause.

ages

"The enemy of my enemy..." Many Seelie advocate
that we avoid mages since we have been enemies in times
past. Our scholars have noted, however, that there seem
to be different factions within the wizards' society. One
actively tries to disavow the Kithain, arguing that we are
mere superstitions or fictions, trying to diminish us into
non-existence. The other factions accept that we're real
and may cautiously have some dealings with us. Yet a
third group wants us to help them reshape reality so that
we can all live on Earth more comfortably. That sounds
quite promising to me. [ have heard that this faction is
thought by other warlocks to be insane. I say that any
group that follows its dream and seeks to make that dream
reality is a friend to us. We are the reality of the dream.
If they help us survive, I care not if others think them
mad.

Shades

Though we know that these sad and horrible crea-
tures exist, we shun their company. We who must con-
stantly struggle to maintain our youth and who long for
evena moment more of life cannot tolerate the presence
ofthese dead mortals. Besides, they often remind us of the

y:

artists we have consumed, a reminder we would rather
not have to confront.

Did you actually believe that, my darling? Some of us
do feel that way, but many more of us search for ways to
contact wraiths in an attempt to learn more of the Bright
Road. While most of us confine ourselves to dealing with
those restless souls whose main interests lie in visiting the
Earth once more, a few of our darker Shadow Courtiers
consort with a force of ghosts known as the specters'
legion. Visitor wraiths tell us that these ghosts are evil
and dangerous and we should be wary of them. Then
again, we're wary of the visiting dead as well. We cur-
rently study both types to see which has more reliable
information and if either type can be recruited to our
cause in return for our assistance in matters important to
the dead. Could we again open the Bright Road with the
assurance that sidhe may walk it in safety, most of the
nobility would gladly usher us into power.

Sons of Adam, Daughcers oF
Eve

Our meat and drink, our wine and caviar. We fully
acknowledge our debt to mortals. Perhaps we are the only
fae to really do so. We interact with mortals even more
than with other fae; but we make sure that the humans we
associate with are filled with Glamour so they don't
infect us with their deadly Banality. Those whom we
choose to Rhapsodize become very dear to us, while
others provide us with normal Glamour we use day-to-
day. We do have hopes that we'll be able to enchant
certain mortals we won't need to Rhapsodize to serve us
and fight alongside us if need be. If necessary, however,
we aren't above sacrificing them to bring our plans to
fruition.

House Leanhaun


Herein are found a sampling of House Leanhaun's
most famousand infamous members. Some have achieved

personal recognition, while others hold important posi-
tions within the governing structure of the house.

High Lord Cleanor

The enigmatic Lady Eleanor rules House Leanhaun

<i

and represents the interests of the house in the Parlia-
ment of Dreams. Charismatic and brilliant, Eleanor
holds favors from most of the other delegates. For this
reason, they do not allow her dismissal from the parlia-
ment even though she is unashamedly Unseelie and
often argues unpopular causes. High Lord Eleanor has
allowed herself to age seventy years during the last thirty

ad

year span, making her one of the most elderly looking of
the changelings in Parliament. She uses the perception
of her as a canny elder to good advantage, counseling
other delegates in ways that prove advantageous to them,
but also to House Leanhaun's plans. Because she speaks
warmly in their behalf, many commoners favor Eleanor's
suggestions as well. House Leanhaun has followed
Eleanor's lead since returning from Arcadia, and most
recall that she led us while we yet remained there. None
on the house counsel truly desire Eleanor's position;
fewer still have the wits, skill and rank to wrest it from
her.

Though she appears elderly and fragile, Eleanor's
keen wits and ruthless dedication to protect and advance
her house as well as her extensive knowledge of cantrips
make her more than a match for younger changelings.
Her cadre of enchanted mortal bodyguards (some armed
with cold iron weapons) dooms most physical attacks
against her. Her champion, Sir Tairngrim, whom many
believe to be her lover, fights challenges made against
Eleanor within the house.

Even at her advanced age, Eleanor is in no danger of
falling to Banality, as she keeps a more than adequate
supply of Glamour within easy reach. Dignified and
beautiful as only a sidhe can be, she patronizes dozens of
artists, from opera singers to modern sculptors. Few
cultural events of significance occur in Concordia with-
out Eleanor's attendance. Now that she has reached an
advanced age, she also spends part of her free time with
chosen mortals whom she Rhapsodizes to maintain her-
self. She has lately considered stepping up her Rhapsodiz-
ing so that she can reverse her aging slightly — not so as
to be noticeable to the casual observer, just enough to
make certain she can still do it. After all, once she has
accomplished her goals, she has no intention of remain-
ing old and feeble forever.

Sir Tairngrim, Champion of che
High Lord

Tom McLean trains Olympic hopefuls in fencing.
Quick and agile, he also demonstrates an uncanny knack
for guessing his opponent's next move and countering it
almost before it has been made. Though trim-waisted, his
fencer smiuscles proclain hisathlede prowess. Knownen
those not of the mortal world as Sir Tairngrim
MacLeanhaun, a distant cousin to High Lord Eleanor, he
is the first knight of House Leanhaun. Possessed of great
knowledge of the Primal and Soothsay Arts, Sir Tairngrim
is difficult to best in formal combat.

Since his return from Arcadia, Tairngrim has served
as High Lord Eleanor's personal bodyguard and cham-
pion. He has won several duels on her behalf when
challengers insisted on combat. His most noted contest
involved a lord of House Balor, whom Tairngrim bested
with cold iron despite hisaversion to the metal. Taimgrim
now wears a prosthetic left hand (of silver and ebony)
made for him by a friendly Dougal after his hand was
made a smoking fuin by wielding the baneful metal

Others have since attempted to cheat in duels with
Tairngrim by raising cold iron against him, knowing his

weakness. Such challengers invariably die in the battle.

Tairngrim has long been High Lord Eleanor's lover.
so he can

He keeps himself at a moderate age (late 30s
maintain his fighting trim, and the apparent age differ-
ence has occasionally elicited snide comments concern-
ing Eleanor's taste for younger men. When such com-
ments are brought to Tairngrim's attention, those who
repeat them either apologize or face his sword. Tairngrim
has sworn an oath never to lose a battle he fights for
Eleanor, knowing that the day he fails to keep this oath
is the day he dies.

Sir Scrallach, Capcain of che
Knighcs Procector

Known to his followers as Lord of the Midnight Pact,
Sir Strallach "officially" holds no higher rank in House
Leanhaun than knight (at least so far as most of the house
andall other changelings know). In actual fact, he heads

the Midnight Pact, an elite corps of assassins who prac-

tice damage control for House Leanhaun, slaying those
who learn too much without swearing allegiance to the

house. In his capacity as captain of the Pact, he holds
rank equal to a duke, sits on the High Council advising
Eleanor and works directly for Sir Tairngrim.

Strallach uses his handsome looks and practiced
charm to win others to his point of view whenever
considered argument fails. He is polite to a fault and
seems to follow the chivalrous Seelie code. Most change-
lings see only this outer shell, never guessing his true
personality or realize that Strallach is one of the most
sinister members of the Shadow Court simply because so
few Kithain realize what he's truly like.

His dedication to the cause of House Leanhaun has
hardened him to committing blackmail, making threats,
arranging beatings, kidnapping and even killing other fae
despite the Banality this engenders. To offset this, he
Ravages almost constantly when not at court or on duty
with the Midnight Pact

Lady Gencian

Adopted into House Leanhaun following her Chrysa-

sof the

lis and Saining, this young eshu trained in the way
house since she was eight. She refused to reveal to most
of the house what her true name is and was given the
name Gentian. Awarded a noble title and holding just
last year, Lady Gentian has long used her talents to serve
House Leanhaun as their chief spy.

Willowy and graceful, with deep brown skin, long
wavy black hair and startling blue eyes, Lady Gentian
tells no one of her house affiliation, letting other fae
believe she is nothing more thana traveling minstrel like
many other eshu. She plays several instruments and sings
beautifully as well as being a compelling storyteller. Her
talents extend to having an eidetic memory for anything
she hears, making her invaluable as a covert operative.
She has mastered the Arts of Wayfare and Chicanery and
prefers to patronize visual artists when she Rhapsodizes.

"Treasures
The Rose

Once a year a great tournament (known as the
Convocation of Leanhaun) is held to decide three posi-
tions z the Rose, the Harp and the Crown within the
governing elite of House Leanhaun. A female sidhe of
the line of Leanhaun always holds the title of the Rose,
and only sidhe (adopted or born into the family) are
allowed to participate in the contests. The Rose assumes.
the role of caretaker for the house treasure known as the
Rose of Leanhaun (see below). The Rose does not fill a
merely honorary position, however, but sits on the High
Council and helps decide issues that concern the house.
To some degree she also shapes house policy and strives
to bring about the conditions under which House

The Book of Houses 2

Mogion

Vn'

Leanhaun can throw off the curse of Finellia. While she
holds the Rose of Leanhaun, the bearer does not need to
Rhapsodize to retain her youth so long as she is in direct
physical contact with the treasure at least once per week.
The Rose never travels outside a freehold unless accom-
panied by six bodyguards drawn from among the mem-
bers of the Knights Protector.

For the past twelve years, the same fae has won the
title, making her the second most stable representative of
the house. While serving as the Rose, the changeling
ceremonially gives up her own name and leaves it behind
so no one can use it against her or unduly influence her.
Traditionally, the Rose does not engage in Rhapsody
while in office and almost always takes the Harp as her
lover and confidant. Other changelings of House
Leanhaun see the bearer of the treasure as a holy person
and expect her to embody all the best characteristics of
the house: beauty, strength, talent, taste and tenacity.

The Harp

The man who holds the title of the Harp is always an
enchanted mortal. He holds both a real and symbolic
position within the house, as the representative of those
mortal Dreamers House Leanhaun plans to save and as
the embodiment of the spirit of Edann. The Harp sits on
the High Council alongside the leaders of the house and
advises them on mortal affairs and the mortal point of
view concerning House Leanhaun's plans.

Once per year, also during the Convocation of
Leanhaun, enchanted mortals vie for the title in similar
contests as those that decide who is to be the Rose. The
winner also surrenders his name and is thenceforth
known as the Harp. Most important of the tournaments
are those testing imagination, talent and intelligence.
Candidates for the position usually receive recommen-
dations from members of House Leanhaun, but occasion-
ally potent Dreamers feel attracted to the site of the
tournament and arrive there as if drawn to compete. The
mortal who has held the position for three years arrived
at the convocation believing he was attending a music
festival, won the competition and agreed to join the
House of Leanhaun. A few months later, he became the
Rose's lover and has won two competitions since. Those
who accept the Harp are given the choice to surrender
their office before the full year is up and remain with the
house in some other capacity. Those who choose to vie
tokeep the title are usually too Ravaged to stay with the
house when they inevitably lose Edann's Harp to another
candidate.

The Crown

As the male and female sidhe win the titles of Rose
and Harp, commoners allied to House Leanhaun vie for
the position of the Crown. The person entrusted with the
Crown of Dreams, winner of the Convocation tourna-
ment, becomes one of the leaders of the Ritualist faction
of the house. The Crown also serves as one of the three
leaders of the Keepers of the Rose and as the leader of the
Finders, charged with seeking out Dreamers and identi-
fying the best way to approach them to begin a Rhapsody.

Currently, the Crown isa male satyr who has served
in the position for only a year, besting the prior Crown in
last year's tournament. Like the Rose and the Harp, he
has abandoned his own name in favor of the title. The
prior Crown, a female nocker, now holds a minor title
and a small freehold of her own.

Fordidden Treasures
The Rose of Leanhaun

This treasure is the white rose that was laid upon
Leanhaun's breast at her death. The only flower that
failed to turn black when in contact with Leanhaun once
Finellia's curse was invoked, the rose has remained incor-
tuptible through all the centuries of its existence. Mem-
bers of House Leanhaun consider the rose a talisman of
hope as it has remained pure and vibrant while sustaining
its holder without the need for her to Rhapsodize. The
changeling who acts as the rose's guardian draws her
Glamour directly from the rose itself. So long as she holds
the blossom for at least an hour each week, she has no
need to Rhapsodize to prevent herself from aging and can
replenish lost Glamour (once per week, while holding
the flower) back to her original starting point from the
rose's ambient energy:

Each year, House Leanhaun holds a special tourna-
ment to choose the best guardian for the rose. The female
Leanhaun who wins the tournament (requiring feats of
arms, demonstrations of artistic merit, clever thinking
and grasp of house politics and needs) gains the guardian-
ship of the rose until the next tournament. She must
declare allegiance to Leanhaun's goals and her willing-
ness to die in defense of house and treasure, and is then
sworn in.

C€danns Harp

This ancient wooden harp has a large crack running
through it. The strings seem little more than frayed
threads and the entire instrument looks as though itis in
such poor repair it may never be playable again. It might
bring a few dollars from someone interested in Celtic
history. To enchanted eyes, the harp, though ancient
and cracked, is worked with gold and has silvered strings
that look as fragile as fine, shining hair. No one of House
Leanhaun now knows if this is truly the harp played by
Edann, the bard who stole Leanhaun's heart ora lovingly
made copy, but it has a great enchantment within it that
makes the harp one of the great treasures of House
Leanhaun. The Harp of Edann evokes intense emotions
in those who hear it played. Depending on the intention
of the harpist, it can produce happiness, sadness, brav-
ery, hatred, longing orany other strong feeling. So strong
are the feelings that they have been known to bring
Glamour to those who hear the strains of its music as if
they reached Epiphany. The one playing the harp need
have no prior talent or knowledge of music to use it;
those who do know how to play harp may evoke its
properties to their fullest capacity.

The sound of Edann's Harp can recall a lost change-
ling to her fae self and restore one to three points of lost
Glamour. Once it has done so, however, the harp cannot
be played again until the next full moon lest it lose its
Glamour forever. Changelings granted Glamour directly
from the harp's potent music must roll their Banality
versus a Difficulty of 7 or enter the first stage of Bedlam.
The harp is traditionally held and played by an en-
chanted mortal who is considered one of the ruling
members of House Leanhaun until another wins the
harp and takes his place. Mortals who wield the harp
longer than one year often suffer the effects of Ravaging
once they give up the sublime instrument.

The Crown of Dreams

This treasure is not an actual crown, but a jeweled
cloak pin shaped as a stylized crown. When worn, it
provides its bearer with an awareness of all the Dreamers
in the immediate area (within about a square mile). It
also gives its wearer the ability to identify the best ways
to unlock each Dreamer's potential (Perception +
Kenning, Difficulty 6, must be within sight range),

House Leanhaun

=

ae
eats
oy


making Rhapsodies easier for anyone who knows the key:

Discerning someone's potential also provides informa-
tion concerning which fae might best benefit from that
Dreamer's creations. Won as an honor at the Convoca-
tion of Leanhaun, the Crown of Dreams traditionally
passes to a commoner allied with the house.

Chronos Cages

Unlike the previous treasures, Chronos Cages are
eated by Leanhaun crafters utilizing

not unique. C
Chronos Arts, these room-sized cells create temporal

zones in which time passes at an exceedingly slow rate,

extending the time those within them can remain in
eithera freehold or the Dreaming without succumbing to

Bedlam. Cages generally extend time in hourly, daily or
weekly increments. The Leanhaun string cages together
to make house-sized accommodations for Dreamers they
take into the Di
not look like barred cells, but rooms with working doors.
Within each cell, time is slowed, but once outside the

aming to preserve them. The cages do

cells, time moves at its normal rate. While sidhe are less
affected by this, other changelings and most mortals find
the experience unsettling and disorienting (roll Stamina
versus Difficulty 8 or be unable to utilize any Arts or
Mental skills for 24 hours after leaving the cage. For each
success, the character may use one die to utilize them; no
ills cannot be used, and a botch

successes means the:

results in the effect lasting 48 hours).


Sa

Wy ovon Declan,

+ have taken no mortal lices since
you (eft me, my ony lowe, and d Srall
take no more since that is your wish
Geen nove my flesh withers and my
hand trembles with the ondauglt of
age 18n the tine this reaches youd shall
be gone. Gintce you vill not hace me, o
tefuse to sustain myself Ct least this
firme, 2 arn no longer immortal this
moctal shell cant tolerate the agonies J
suffered vohen immortal, and for that at
least 3 am thanklul. Sorgive me if you
can. 3 have already forgicen you

AU m1 (owe,

Lady Aromialyndnia—

Se ae = = ~

) My Lorp) Here THE SIGNATURE TRAIS = %
OFF ASIF THE ONE WRITING WERE TOO WEAK."
TO GO ON OR AS IF SHE FORGOT THE NAME
SHE WAS WRITING. I DOUBT WE SHALL EVER
AND HER' THIS SIDE OF THE DREAMING.

Leanhaun Finder

Quote: Get in the van or I'll hurt your mother. Just
kidding — can I buy you a drink?
Background: You always seemed to know more than

anyone else a ot, pethaps, to notice more. It almost
seemed like you felt others' joysand painsand knew what
would make them like you and feel good about them-
selves. Soon, that broadened to include knowing what
art anyone might produce if given the right impe-
tus.

Unfortunately, most people
avoided you because of the dis-
ease. While still a young child,
your skin wrinkled, your hair
turned brittleand your bones
began toache. Doctors hada
bigname for it, youonly cared
that you aged unnaturally
quickly. Your parents tried to
shield you, but you knew you
had only a few years to live —
if that long. Other people

looked at you with pity and
revulsion.

Then everything
changed. Your parents al-
lowed you to attend a special
concert by your favorite
band. As yousatin the first" @«
row, the Glamour washed
over you and you felt something
you'd never experienced before.
You managed to reach the bath-
room before falling into the Dream
Dance. Your Chrysalis was an extended
horror wherein you saw scenes from your ,
life in Arcadia and learned what you must
do to avoid such tortures in the mortal
world,

Your luck held and a sidhe of House Ailil found you
and took you under his wing. Realizing you were of House
Leanhaun, he arranged for your tutoring from another
sidhe of that house in return for "certain considerations."
She never told you what his price was, but you ended up
in a Leanhaun freehold where you could get the training
you needed. They soon realized your talents at empathy
and Kenning, allowing you to read Dreamers for the
potential within them. You were honored when your
mentor asked you to join the Finders. Now you locate

Dreamers for other members of your house and work
to bring about Endless Winter so that the

affliction of rapid aging will be lifted from
you and your household

Roleplaying Hints: Life is

an adventure — which means

it's as dangerous as it is exciting.
Whether slipping into the hidden al-

¢ doves ofthe Dougale' easuriescalip:

ping out of a policeman's handcuffs, you
thrive on the excitement being a sidhe

brings you. Even your inevitable aging
makes for interesting conversation;

you've diagnosed yourself with
"Methuselah Syndrome," "fatigue,"

various tropical diseases and even lep-
rosy — anything to keep the lost chil-

dren of Leanhaun from refusing their

legacy.

uipment: fine clothing; expen-

siveaccessoriesincludinga watch, pen-
dant and signet ring; new car on lease;
°

© ,®,, hidden dagger


TEE

,

Name: Court: Unseebie Seeming: Wilden
Player: Legacies: Riddler/Countien Kith: Sidhe
Chronicle: House: Leanhaun Motley:
( Physical Social QDencal
Strength, @@000 Charisma. @e@00 Perception. @ee@00
Dexterity. ©0800 Manipulation 0000 Intelligence. @0@0@00
Stamina, @@000 Appearance. eee Wits @e@e@00
| Talencs Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @0000 Crafts. @@000 Computer 00000
Athletics 00000 Drive 00000 Enigmas @0000
() Brawl 00000 Etiquette. 0000 Gremayre @@000
Dodge 00000 Firearms 00000 Investigation_______ 00000
Empathy. @@@00 Leadership. 00000 Law. 00000
Intimidation, 00000 Melee. @0000 Linguistics Ss @0000
Kennin, @@@00 Performance. @@000 Lore @@000
Persuasion. Security 0000 Medicine__00000
\) Streetwise Stealth. @0000 Politics ©0000
Subterfuge Survival, 00000 Science. 00000
Advarica
Backgrounds Arcs Realms
Contacts @0000 Chicaneny @0000 _Ceton ©0000
Dnearnens 0000 Primal @0000 Fae @@000
Menton @0000 Soothsay 0000 00000
Resounces @0000 00000 00000
00000 00000 00000
) ——Ocher Iracs == ====Glamour: ——Neatth_——
0000800000 Bruised a ae
go00000000 ;" (ia 84
Injured -1ésQ QO
——Utlpower Wounded 2 9
@@@0000000 Mailed 2 Q
Q000000000 Crplkd 5 Q OG
Incapacitated Q QO
=Ravaging/CDusing Theesholi= ————Banalicy —Bircheighcs/Praitcies=

© 00000000 O Aeand Beauty: Noble Beaning/
9000000000 Prd Aging
Gcperience: ee

Permission granted to photocopy this page for personal use only.



tats

your teacher
tongues in slaughter

murder

To Cazch a Seelie

Sir Andreyan ap Dougal leaned against the parapet
of Sea Cove Castle, his gaze playing over the deep blue
waters below. Gulls and curlews wheeled and banked

overhead, thin, harsh cries begging for more scraps like
the ones he'd thrown to them only moments before.
Relentless scavengers, he scolded mentally, though theit
effortless flight delighted him. Looking up at the hover-

mL Daas)
Nee

..And I will show you thunder and steel, and I will be
And we will dress in helmet and sword and dip our
And we will sing a warvior's song, and lift the praise of

— Richard Farina, Bold Marauder

ea

ing birds, he almost missed the flash among the waves
below.

What was that?

He looked again, searching through sun-shot waters
for the brighter glitter he thought he'd seen. There, just
a few waves out from the beach

As he peered intently, a strange beast rose from
beneath the surface, its gold and purple skin glinting in

House Balor

the sunlight. Not a beast, a craft. Though he wore both
ivory ear enhancers, his deafness kept him from hearing
any sound of its approach at this distance. He shifted his
gaze from the vessel to look along the beach. Empty, that's
good. Wouldn't want any mortals to see this!

He watched the craft move slowly closer to his
freehold wondering whose genius produced such a clever
and amusing submersible. Perhaps one of my cousins has
perfected something new he mused. As he descended the
winding staircase leading eventually to the great hall, he
amused himself with thoughts of who might be visiting in
this unique manner and whether or not he could per-
suade them to share the design.

"Conrad, tell Cook to lay on a few more places for
dinner," he yelled to his foreman as he headed for the
front door to the keep. By the time he got outside, his
visitor should be docking at his private pier. Andreyan
swept through the door, nodding briefly to the guard who
stood attentively just outside.

Such bright colors, he thought, hurrying toward the
craft that had pulled up to the dock, though I'd prefer red
or green myself. Pity there aren't more of the household about,
they'd enjoy this, but a fair held within the Dreaming itself is
not lightly missed. I'll tell them all about it when they get back.
At least Conrad, the guard and Cook can look it over.

He rana master's eye over the sleek vessel, noting its
lines and level of workmanship. Wonderful, but I might be
able to improve on it a litle. He raised an eyebrow as a
portion he had taken to be decoration slid aside and a
lovely young woman emerged. Her black hair shone in
the sunlight and her deep violet voile glittered with
hundreds of tiny gems. Seeing him, she waved merrily,
beckoning him toward her ship.

"Cousin Andreyan, come and see what I made. Don't
you think all the nobles will want one?" Her voice was
like laughter across a clear meadow and he hurried to the
edge of the pier trying to place her. Could she be Healetha?
Hehadn't seen the girl since she was a young childling. Or was
she Annaiya? He wished he'd paid more attention to his

lessons in lineage. Healetha would still be younger than this
woman, he told himself.

"Annaiya2" he hazarded.

"Come on, cousin!" she teased. Reassured, he stepped
aboard. She retreated down the companionway, beckon-
ing him to follow, adding "Wait ‘til you see the engine!"

Passing through the opulent front room. Sir Andreyan
moved into the hallway, following the limping gitl. Ashe
did so, figures emerged on all sides of him, pinning him in

the narrow space. They moved to take him into custody.
The fight was brief.

e €@ @

He awoke some time later, chained in what must be
akind of bilge. Similarly bound, Conrad, Cook and his
lone guard shared his quarters. The young woman he'd
mistaken for his cousin stood looking down at him. He
noted her clubfoot in passing. Licking dry lips, he spoke,
"Balor, right?"

"You guessed," she replied brightly, "and you walked
right into the trap. I knew you would. Seta thief to catch
a thief, offer a machine to attract a Dougal. You can hear
me alright, can't you?"

"Ican hear you," he mumbled, cursing himself for an
utter fool. "What do you want?"

"Not too much, Tuathan scum. I just wanted to be
sure you could hear your people when I make them
scream a little later tonight. And don't worry about your
freehold. We left the Balefire burning after we looted it.
Of course, we set the rest of it on fire too. Your people
ought to have quite a homecoming when they return
from the Dreaming Fai

"How.

id we know?" she finished for him. "Easy, you
forget, we control the trods. We hold the fairs, and we
know who's attending. Welcome to the opening salvo in
the War of Rulership. Get used to it; you'll be here to
provide me with the pleasure of your pain fora long, long
time."

.?" he began.


Incroduccion

This book carries a curse upon it. Should any mortal,
supernatural or fae not of House Balor attempt to read it,
roaring flame shall consume him for his impertinence.
This is a test, then — of your courage and of your blood.
You would not be reading this were you not of the blood
of Balor. Rejoice in your fortune, for you are the elite
among the Children of Dreams. We alone among the fae
have no doubts, no hesitations. Though we do not
currently rule, even now our plans move to fruition. Our
moment will come with the intensity of an undeniable
whirlwind and when that wind has swept clean those
who are not worthy, Balor will remain.

We come from the Dreaming back into the Waking
World to conquer it and turn it to our use. In doing so, we

must assume the outward guise of humankind, but we are
not like those pitiful mortals. We are gods clothed in other
flesh for the moment. When we tule by force of arms as
well as birthright, this will change. Then we shall order
the worlds, both physical and Dreaming, to our liking,
and command the mortals and our weaker brethren as we
wish.

For now, though, that journey from the Dreaming to
the Waking World robs us of our memories, leaving us
vulnerable. Our commitment falters as we struggle to
remember who and what we truly are. This tome has been
prepared by several of our house's greatest teachers and
generals to remind you of your place within our house and
within the War of Rulership. In it, we shall explain to you
where we came from, who we are and why we seek the
subjugation of the worlds.

Make no mistake. For too long have we been down-
trodden, our name and birthright scorned. No more! We
shall rise like a tidal wave to crush our foes. Though all
may stand against us in the end, they are but insects we
swat when they prove an annoyance. Let them posture
and preen. We are the embodiment of the dark dreams of
war and conquest. We are the scourge and the flame, the
iron sword that cleaves the light. Our coming shall be
cause for lamentation and the curses of our enemies, for
we bring the Evernight with our victory. We are the
armies of darkness and our name shall be destruction. We
are Balor. We will prevail.

Hiscory of House Balor

Letnoone tell you he knows history ifhe hasn't lived
it. The People of Balor were rulers of the land long before
the other noble houses existed. Ours is blood of the most
royal. Gwydion may pretend to be the chosen leaders of
the fae all they like; we know the true story. All the sidhe
except House Balor trace their origins back to the Tuatha
de Danaan; only we claim an older kingship, an earlier
rule and a greater progenitor.

Before the advent of the Tuatha de Danaan, our
people, the fomorians, ruled the waves and received
tribute from the people of Hibernia. We were born of the
earliest settlers' dreams and terrors, of all that they
admired and feared, given shape from their most hideous
imaginings. We became what they made us — strict
overlords who accepted their adulation and their tribute
and who agreed to live apart from them on islands of our
own. We governed the northern seas, preying upon
anyone foolish enough to venture into our waters, and we
struck fiercely and decisively against any who denied us
our due as rulers of the northwest isles.

Gradually, our first dreamers died out and were
replaced by the Fir Bolg, who settled and farmed the land.
At first, they resisted our rule and a great battle drove
many of them out, but when they returned in greater
force, their king and warrior elite agreed to pay our
tribute. In return, we used our magic to make their lands
fertile and bles

For long years we reigned, unchallenged and re-
spected, if not loved by all. Though we took the best that
mortals produced as our tribute, we did not require much.
We regarded them as our beloved subjects, even inter-
marrying with a few of their elite. Many came to us

them with strong children.

willingly as servants, drawn by our glory.

Then came the Tuatha de Danaan. Though they
were distant cousins of ours, creatures of the Dreaming as
much as we, they refused to recognize our dreamers and
our overlordship. In their arrogance, the Tuatha saw only
that our dreamers were dark and small, not tall and fair
like themselves. They invaded Hibernia, demanding
that the Fir Bolg cede their dreamers — known as the
Beaker People — half the land. The Fir Bolg refused. As
we lived on islands separated from Hibernia by stormy

Ky

RRP ODL RL

seas, we did not know the Tuatha had come. They forced
the Fir Bolg into battle, defeating and killing most of
them with faerie treasures and magics against which our
dreamers had no defense. Those who survived fled far to
the West or to our islands for sanctuary and to warn us of
the coming of the Children of Danu.

When we heard what the Tuatha de Danaan had
wrought, we could hardly curb our wrath. First we sent
envoys to the Tuathan king, Nuada, ambassadors from
fomorian to Tuathan, Now, you must remember that we
were born of nightmare and terror and so had upon us
twisted visages and differences others would call deformi-
ties. The proud Tuatha, who would accept no one as king
who was not physically perfect, drew back in horror from
our messengers, giving us deadly insult. They barely
heard our complaint against them on behalf of the Fir
Bolg and our demand that they pay tribute — both to
acknowledge our right to the land and to repay our
dreamers for some of what they had lost. The arrogant
usurpers refused and set our envoys adrift on the sea with
neither weapons nor food. Only by our magic were they
drawn back to our islands, where they reported what the
Tuatha had said.

No more would the fomorians bow to their insults.
We gathered our hosts and prepared for war. One among
us, a mighty warlord called Balor was chosen to lead us in
battle. When he was much younger, Balor — who had
but one eye — spied upon a solemn rite he was forbidden
to witness. As punishment the Dreaming cursed him so
that his eye became a thing of terror. Whenever it was
opened, a horrible red light issued from it, slaying all it
gazed upon. Thus, Balor could not open his eye without
destroying whatever he looked upon and was, therefore,
made blind. Even without his sight, however, Balor was
a great warrior, quick, clever, strong and wily. He led the
fomorian army into battle against the Tuatha. Great was
the slaughter on both sides, but in the end, the Tuathan
king, Nuada, lost him arm and the Children of Danu fled
before the power of Balor's eye.

Graciously, we granted them their lives and once
again demanded our just tribute. By their own laws,
Nuada could no longer rule the Tuatha, for he was no
longer perfect. In his stead, they chose Bres, the most

The Book of Houses

beautiful among them. The Tuatha did not realize that
Bres' mother might be Tuathan, but his father was
fomorian. He agreed to give us one third of all that the
Beaker people and the Tuatha produced, be it milk,
crops, animals or people. We took the goods because our
barren islands could produce little. The people we took
toreplenish our own decimated ranks. Both the fomorians
and the Fir Bolg had lost most of our people from war with
the Tuatha. They became our wives and husbands, our
children and our children's children. Thus we mingled
our blood with that of the Tuatha de Danaan for the first
time on a large scale.

Balor was made king of the fomorians and married a
woman taken as tribute. Though he did not know it,
Caitellin was considered one of the great beauties of the
age. Balor never saw his wife, for to do so would be to
destroy her. By all accounts, the marriage was a good one
andsoon produced a daughter whom they named Eithlinn.
Not a day after her birth, however, Balor's soothsayers
came to him and said,

"Great king, though you rejoice in the birth of your
daughter, we have foreseen that you will be slain by your
grandson. Therefore, we counsel you to slay your new-
born child and have no more. We will continue prosper-
ously under your rule and you will never die."

At this, Balor and his wife both wailed with anguish
and tore their hair. Caitellin pleaded with Balor not to
slay her only child and Balor himself was loath to do so.
Finally, he thought of a plan. He would not slay his
daughter, for already she was dear to him and truth to tell,
the fomorian people dwindled after their wars with the
Tuatha. Instead, he determined to build hera tower made
of glass and shut her inside it. Twelve bondswomen
et look upon a man or

would care for her. She would ne:
hear one's name spoken. She would live her life pam-
pered, but away from her people. Having no contact with
any others, she would never bear the child who would
cause Balor's death. Thus could the prophecy be averted
And so it was done as he commanded,


Now in Hibernia, Bres made many enemies. Aside
from the tax leviedon them to pay tribute to the fomorians,
the Tuatha also had to pay Bres, who took a tithe for
himself. He gave no favors to the other Tuathans, instead
| requiring them to do menial work on his hall and lands.
Many were ready to revolt against him, yet their only
other choice for king was Nuada, who could not rule. It
was at this time that the tribute came due for the
fomoriansand one among the Tuatha refused to part with
his best cow. She was called the Glas Gaibhleann and her
milk never ran dry. She belonged to a Tuathan noble
called Cian. Balor's tax collectors returned to him and
| spoke of the Glas Gaibhleann and Cian's pride. Rather
than call war upon all the Tuatha, Balor and a compan-
ion disguised themselves and took the cow when Cian's
younger brother failed to keep an eye on it.

Cian went to a soothsayer to discover what had
happened to his prize cow. The seeress Birog told him
Balor had taken the cow and advised him to use guile to
retrieve it, for if he came against Balor directly, the
fearsome king would open his dreadful eye and slay Cian
on the spot.

If only he had slain Cian, child of House Balor! For
from this deception came great sorrow and trouble for our
people.

Cian disguised himself as a woman and he and Birog
| sailed to the island where Eithlinn dwelt in her glass
tower. Birog had counseled Cian to steal away that which
Balor most treasured and, perhaps, the fearsome warlord
would ransom it with the cow. No warrior could have
assailed such an edifice, but Cian and Birog called out to

the women within, saying they were queens of the
Tuatha who had been shipwrecked and begging their
help. Not wanting to leave other women in distress, the
guardians opened the tower and admitted Cian and
Birog. Birog cast a Glamour on the women and all fell
asleep, while Cian climbed the stairs to the tower where
Birog told him the treasure awaited.

When Cian looked upon Eithlinn he was struck
dumb by her beauty, grace and sadness. For her part, she
recognized him as someone whose face she had often seen
in dreams. They fell in love at a glance and she went to
his bed willingly. Knowing that ifhe stole Eithlinn away,

Balor and the fomorians would rise in the greatest wrath
and wage war upon the Tuatha, Cian was persuaded to
leave her, promising to come again when he could.
Eithlinn stayed with her guardians, and in due time gave
birth to triplets. The first born was golden haired like his
sire, while the others were dark like their mother.

Word was brought to Balor of their birth and he flew
into a rage. Descending on the tower, he ripped the
children from their mother's breast. Still, he could hardly
bear the thought of slaying his own kin. Wrapping each
in a blanket, he flung them into the sea, crying,

"Let the sea decide the fate of my grandchildren! If
they be drowned, then none shall survive to be my doom,
If fate decrees otherwise, let them be borne up upon
waves and saved."

The waves rolled in and each child seemed to be
swept under the water. Unknown to Balor, however,
Manannan Mac Lir, Tuathan overlord of the sea, saw all
that transpired and heard Balor's speech. He took pity on
the children. The golden-haired eldest he swept in a
wave to Cian and made known to him that this was his
son. The next eldest, a dark girl, he changed into a seal,
giving her the power to shift her shape and become the
first of the selkie. The last, a dark boy, he made into a
fishtailed man, creating thereby the mer-folk. So, by
Balor's rash act, two faerie kin came into existence, and
his doom was sealed. That he also set the stage for the
doom of all fae, Balor did not yet know.

Cian named the golden boy Lugh, which means
"light." He loved his son, for the child reminded him of
Eithlinn. Knowing he had no way to care for an infant,
however, Cian asked that any Tuatha of good character
who would provide a nursemaid step forward and claim
fosterage of his son. A mysterious stranger wrapped about
with mists answered his plea, bringing with him his wife
Fand to suckle the child. Cian gave Lugh into the
stranger's keeping once the man had proven himself a
mighty warrior and a clever poet. Thus Manannan Mac
Lir legally became Lugh's foster father and taught him all
the great arts of the Tuatha. The boy grew to manhood
and Manannan advised him to seek a place at court.

During all this time, the fomorians forbore to wage
war against the Tuatha, for we realized they were our
cousins in the Dreaming however much they gave us
insult. Eithlinn was again locked in her tower and forbid-
den to see anyone but her guardians. More and more, the
Tuatha tired of Bres' demands and greed and now they
had a way to rid themselves of him. Diancecht, a great
healer, fashioned a silver arm that moved asa normal one
for Nuada and Diancecht's son even managed to restore
Nuada's real arm to him. Now, the old king was no longer
blemished and the Tuatha went to Bres and demanded
that he give up the throne to Nuada once again. Fearing
their wrath if he refused, Bres abdicated.

Bres fled to his father and complained against the
Tuatha, saying they had ousted him illegally. His father

appealed to Balor. Knowing he would get no tribute from
the arrogant Tuatha without Bres on the throne and
foreseeing that there would be war, Balor gathered his
forces, determining to rid himself once and for all of the
troublesome Children of Danu. He commanded his war-
tiors to slay all they met and tie a rope around Hibernia
when the battle was done so that the island could be
brought back to Balor's Isle as the greatest tribute ever
collected.

Now, my story has grown long in the telling, so I will
make a shorter end of it.

Lugh had come to court and found welcome there.
He brought with him great treasures given to him by
Manannan Mac Lir. When all saw the talents Lugh
displayed, they were amazed, for he knew all the great arts
of the Tuatha — warcraft, smithing, healing, poetry and
many others too numerous to list. Nuada himself gave the
crown to Lugh saying that he was the best of them all and
deserved to be king. They overlooked the fact that Lugh's
arms were slightly too long for his body to be entirely in
proportion, a gift of his mother's fomorian blood.

The Tuatha heard that Balor was coming, bringing
with him enough ships to bridge the gap between his own
island and Hibernia and warriors to fill all those ships.
Quickly, they assembled their own hosts and went to
meet hisarmies. As their new king, Lugh rode at the front
of the host. When they came into range, Balor opened his
eyeand the red light played across the hosts of the Tuatha
and their lesser children, the sidhe. Everywhere that light

The Book of Houses

WW Pm IT IO RAT R

fell, warriors writhed and fell dead, poisoned by the evil
of Balor's eye — all except Lugh. He clutched to hima
great spear that protected whoever held it from all harm,
The red light played all about him, yet he did not fall.
Kicking his horse into a gallop, he headed straight for
Balor, whose eye had closed again. His grandfather never
saw him coming.

With a great cry, Lugh rushed up to Balor, who stood
alone before his own troops lest he slay them and drove
the spear into the eye just as it began to open once again.
The great spear passed through the eye and into Balor's
brain, killing him instantly. Given new heart, the Tuatha
attacked and drove the fomorians from the land. Nor did
we ever come again with warfare to Hibernia. We took up
Balor's body and returned to our islands, where we made
him a great funeral pyre. It is said that the wisest among
us took his shattered eye and encased it in crystal bathed
in the fluids of a well of healing, hoping someday to use
it again as a weapon against those who had driven forth
our dreamers and displaced us from the land.

With our great leader dead and our people scattered,
we dwindled, as had our first dreamers. Realizing that our
time was at an end, we closed our homes, sank our islands
back into the sea and sailed for the Dreaming.

The Tuatha de Danaan remained for some little time
after, and it is from Lugh's line that we who became
House Balor trace our lineage. Eventually, even the
Tuatha realized that things were not as they once had
been. With the death of Balor, the humans lost much of
theirawe of faerie folk and their fear of us. Now they came
not as supplicants, but in as much arrogance as once the
Tuatha showed to us, demanding as their due what was
once a treasured gift. New people came to Hibernia,
bringing with them a new substance that proved deadly
to our kind. Rather than face their destruction from cold
iron, the Tuatha left the world, slipping into the Dream-
ing like the cowards they truly were. Though their
children, the sidhe, would remain when the Tuatha left
the Waking World, with the death of Balor and the
cessation of the human's fear of his great power, the
Sundering had begun.


Si

The Sundering

Though many of the sidhe decried the Sundering,

when Arcadia began moving away from the Waking
World, we established ourselves as a house during this
time. Having lost our fomorian kin, our leaders began
trying to salvage what they could. We intermarried with
the sidhe, mixing our blood and losing some of the powers
our differences once brought us. Lugh was the first leader
of House Balor, though he did not acknowledge that,
preferring to lick the boots of the Tuatha's children from
whom he received adulation in return. To rule in his
stead, we chose one of Lugh's sons, a youth named
Cathal, which means battle-mighty. From that time
forward, Cathal was ever critical of the king, mocking
Lugh's actions and calling to mind that Lugh had slain his
own kin. Eventually, Lugh himself went into the mists,
and the sidhe were left to rule themselves.

We prospered as a house, though the other sidhe
shunned us for taking Balor's name. In time, they forgot
that we were sprung from that fearsome fomorian as
much as we ever were from the Tuatha de Danaan. They
deluded themselves into believing that we were little
more than poor cousins with no social graces. We warned
them that we must curb the humans' excesses and rule
them with iron fists if we were to remain within the
Waking World, but they paid little heed to us. As
humans became more daring, even capturing faeries to
force us to their service, we proposed that we fall upon the
mortals with plague and warfare, wiping out enough of
them that the survivors would forever learn their place
Arrogance again won out over good sense. Blindly, the
other houses believed that humans loved and revered
them. We, who often sported grotesque bodies that the
humans hated, knew otherwise and we made plans to
survive when the inevitable happened.

Though they will tell you otherwise, House Balor was
the first to propose many of the tenets of the Escheat.
They will tell you that these customs came into being

through Seelie efforts to protect all fae. They are liars.
We warned them and they didn't listen. We insisted we
have the right to rule our domainsas needed, handing out

justice as we saw fit and acting as stern overlords to the

mortals under our sway. We proposed that fae stop
interacting with mortals when outside our own holdings,

keeping our nature secret so they would no longer hunt

us for our magic. We asked that all fae understand the
need to rescue those who were taken by the mortals and
we begged them to agree to give safe haven to those fae
who were in danger. The other sidhe laughed, assuring us
no such measures were necessary. We cursed them then,
saying that until all fae acknowledged the wisdom of
these basic rights, the rift between fae and mortals would
continue unabated. We foretold that their loved ones
would suffer the agonies inflicted by mortals who cap-
tured Children of the Dreaming and they would be
powerless to prevent an even greater disaster we had
foreseen dawning on the horizon. Now, of course, those
four rights are part of the Escheat, but no sidhe acknowl-
edges that it was House Balor who proposed them.

Turning our backs on the Seelie fools, we made
ourselves treat with the wielders of cold iron so that we
could study the metal and learn how to lessen its effects
on us. To our surprise, we discovered that it was far less
deadly to us than to the other sidhe. Where they suffered
its touch, and it stripped their Glamour, we could with-
stand it — a gift of our fomorian blood. Only if we died
of wounds from such weapons were our faerie souls
destroyed. We ourselves could even wield such weapons
so long as we did so carefully. Finally, we had a powerful
weapon capable of bringing ruin upon the descendants of
the Tuatha! Perhaps we could have reclaimed what had
been lost to us had we been given the time, but the
inattention of the rest of the sidhe and their failure to
keep the mortals in line had gone too far. The disaster we
had foreseen suddenly fell upon us, and we, as well as the
other sidhe, were forced to make split-second decisions
or perish utterly. With the advent of new arrivals who
wielded cold iron, the Tuatha had left for the Dreaming.
With the coming of the Shattering, all fae who valued
their lives fled there as well or made accord with the new-
ruling force of the land: Banality.

The Shaccering

Though our seers warned us that a terrible calamity
loomed over us, they could not say when it would strike.
So we were prepared, but not prepared enough. Many
theories concerning the reasons the Shattering occurred
abound. To my mind, it doesn't matter now. What is
important is that it did occur, forcing sidhe to flee for

Arcadia before the gates slammed shut, trapping most
commoners and a few nobles in the mortal lands where
they faced the tidal wave of Banality that swept the
world. Some escaped by taking on some of that Banality
and becoming changelings — their faerie souls hidden
within an outer shell of humankind, Others wrapped
themselves in as much Glamour as they could draw
around them and imprisoned themselves in cocoons of
magic, hoping to ride out the wave and emerge when
Banality had passed them by.

Some of our kin from House Balor thought they
might be partially immune, again due to our fomorian
blood, and faced the onslaught directly, hoping to with-
stand its worst ravages. Most of them perished. Rumor
tells that a very few, who knew at the last moment they
would not survive, chose the way that Scathach did,
mingling their blood with mortals, but remaining faerie
nobility. Our wisest say that those souls may even now be
among House Scathach, believing they are of that house
when in reality, they are Balor.

We have only hearsay for this knowledge, however.
For we fled with the other sidhe to Arcadia. We knew
nothing of the Waking World for the centuries that
followed which the sidhe — as arrogant as ever— termed
the Interregnum.

The Incerregnum

We should have many memories of our time in
Arcadia since we spent about six hundred years there.
The truth of the matter is, we don't. We remember
almost nothing of that time. Our erstwhile allies, the
Aililand Leanhaun, tell us the Unseelie ruled in Arcadia
then as they do now. Some among them claim that
Arcadia lies locked in stagnation and Endless Winter,
trapped that way by the Seelies' refusal to surrender us our
half of the year in the Waking World. We of House Balor
don't claim to know; We are honest enough to admit that
our time in Arcadia is a blur to us. Perhaps it is as they say
or, perhaps, things are different than they believe. It
really matters little to us. We aren't there anymore and
the way back is closed to us for now. We think the gates
will open once again when Balor rules the Waking World
and Arcadia must treat with us or die, and that's the
theory we proceed with for now.

While we were gone, the commoners established
itself and learned to live in a changing world. They took
the freeholds the sidhe left empty and kept alive the
presence of the fae on Earth. We had kin among them,
though the other changelings never considered them
true fae. Instead, the mer-folk and selkies were accounted
among the Gallain. Not that they often acknowledge
their kinship with us either. I have heard that the selkies
tried to force the sidhe to allow commoners through
Silvers Gate when the Shattering happened, but were
defeated. Some among them have resented the other
sidhe ever since.

Nowadays a few of them, tired of being treated as
lesser beings, give their allegiance to House Balor. If all
of them would do so, we might have an undefeatable
force on land and sea. We fight for their rights to be
accounted noble in the Parliament of Dreams (though
we have little hope the Seelie sidhe can be induced to
grant such a request). After all, their founders were
brother and sister to Lugh of the Long Arm and their
blood is mixed fomorian and Tuathan just as ours is.
Meanwhile, we benefit from our association with them
both because they tell us what happened during the
Interregnum and they shelter our leaders in their domain
— under water — where most other fae cannot go.

During the Interregnum another group of our kin
established themselves and became stronger. I speak of
the Prodigalsknown as Dancers. Once, faeand werewolves
were one folk and the ones known as Howlers shared
breeding stock —a people knownas the Picts —with the
fomorians. When the Howlers descended into another
place and returned as the Dancers, we rejoiced, for those
who had been bound to us by kinship now thought more
like us. We fought the same foes. While we have been in
Arcadia, the Dancers have spread actoss the world and
gained many powerful allies. We find that we still have
much in common, even fostering some of our most
promising young with them in theit hives.

The Resurgence

Since we don't remember Arcadia, the reason for our
exile from it also remains a mystery to us. By that, | mean
that we don't know — not for certain. We make shrewd
guesses and base our plans on them, but we don't delude
ourselves that we hold all the answers as Ailil and
Leanhaun do.

That said, what we believe is this: When the trods
were briefly blown open in 1969, there was war in
Arcadia, probably instigated by the Seelie trying to hold
onto more than they were entitled to just like they've
done in the Waking World for all these centuries. The
Seelie houses that were exiled constitute the rebels who
tried to grab power for themselves. The Unseelie houses?
Isuspect we just backed the wrong faction. Whatever the
reason we were exiled — and despite Ailil claims that we
chose to return, we remember the exile order — we will
return to Arcadia on our own terms. Then we will make
them pay for their treatment of us.

Still, I suppose we should thank them for this oppor-
tunity to garner power over the dreamers of the Waking
World. When we have that power, we will hold their
Glamour for ransom. Whatever their claims to the con-
trary, Arcadia cannot exist without the infusion of Glam-
our from somewhere. Travel through their gates may be
impossible, but they still draw Glamour through those
links to this world. When we are in control, we will bind
the gates from this side, cutting off their supply. Then we,
the fae of House Balor, will decide who gets Glamour and
who doesn't, and we shall control both Waking World
and Dreaming.

Now you know why we accepted exile.

House Bator


ro

The Accordance Car and
CDovemencs in Ireland

We tell all who will listen that we returned through
the newly opened trods to Hibernia since it was our home
before the Shattering. That's the truth as far as it goes.
Many of us did emerge in Ireland and reclaim a few
freeholds there, particularly in Northern Ireland. What
we don't say is that many of us also came through
elsewhere, and in far greater numbers that either the
Seelie or our fellow Unseelie suspect. Our infiltrators
carved places for themselves among Houses Dougal and
Eiluned, Liam and Ailil, traveling from Arcadia with
their erstwhile houses and taking up whatever role they
seemed entitled to. Since most of us cannot remember
things clearly, placing our agents among other houses
means that their "kinsfolk" don't question their identi-
ties. After all, they arrived with the rest of the family.

We seeded these agents with trigger phrases to help
them remember their true allegiance once they'd been
accepted, and most have already been activated to fur-
ther our aims. We watch them quite carefully when they
are activated to make certain they don't try to betray us
to their false houses. Those who attempt to do so are
immediately killed. Luckily, we have always been adept
at choosing those whose loyalty to Balor is unquestioned
and we have only had to destroy a handful of our own to
preserve our secrecy.

Most of us chose to return as teenagers or young
adults and we gladly honed our skills in battle against the
commoners, whether as part of the Accordance War in
America or under the guise of sectarian warfare in North-
em Ireland. Those who arrived in other territories fought
their own battles as well. Aside from the glory of warfare,
we made little effort to stake claims to the more sought
after freeholds. We were not yet ready to confront the
other houses and we wanted more secluded bases anyway
where we might train and gather our hosts in secret. The
other houses may believe we are unsophisticated and
relatively useless outside of battle, but we know how to
hide our motives and bide our time. Balor never fights
foolishly. We pick our battles — time, place and foe —
and when we are convinced the battle can be won, we
fight without apology or quarter. Only idiots fight for
honor or glory.

The Book of Houses

As you might surmise, we fought the Accordance
War, but not with great conviction. We did just enough
to assure a victory for the sidhe, but not so much that we
made the commoners our bitter enemies. After all, we
would need their assistance later and it's hard to recruit
someone whose hatred of you burns so hot, he can think
of nothing else but revenge. Stoking that hatred against
the Seelie on the other hand...

The CQDodern Cra

In the recent past, we have spent a great deal of our
time making alliance with the Dancers and the Fomori,
whom many believe to be the remnants of the fomorians
in the modern world. Some of our energy has gone into
building the Shadow Court and needling the Seelie
about their continued refusal to share power for our half
of the year. We have our representatives in the Parlia-
ment of Dreams, but they are there to disrupt rather than
to negotiate peace. Most of us know our true agenda,
however, which is to prepare for the Evernight, then
strike to bring it about once we're ready.

Since the first of us returned, we have tried to ensure
that newer returnees emerge as very young children or
newborns. This makes them children of the modern
world, without the medieval mind-set that accompanied
most of the sidhe who returned earlier. We need those
skills, just as we need young warriors to fight the upcom-
ing battles. Those who emerged in 1969 are now more
than 30 years old and if they have not spent most of their
time within freeholds, they are starting to fade and forget.

When we bring about the war that accompanies the
Evernight, we need strong, young bodies, for we know
that only the strongest will survive and prosper. We
cannot waste our resources on graybeards too old to serve
our cause. They are better used elsewhere, such as in the
Waybuilders Corps, which you'll hear more about later.

For now, we pretend to the Unseelie that our highest
priority lies in advancing the Shadow Court's aims. We
give every appearance of wholeheartedly supporting Ailil's
claim to rulership and we run interference for the
Leanhaun and their Ravaging. In short, we appear to be
the dumb grunts on whose backs the movement is built.
That's fine with us for now. If they suspect nothing more,
we certainly aren't planning to enlighten them. But we
are taking names of those who treat us poorly; our day will
come.


To the Seelie, we present a different face. They may
hate us and fight us if they find us "encroaching" on their
territory, but they rarely slay us outright, for we are the
Guardians of the Gates. I don't know if you remember
your own journey down the trods and into this world, but
many recall terrible things along that route, huge black
things that pursued them and tore at them with great
fangs and claws. They remember sinuous bodies, light-
ning reflexes and wicked gleaming eyes that promised
death to any creatures they caught. A few even recall
friends or kinsmen who fell to the beasts, and their
screams as their faerie souls were shredded and lost. We
call the beasts the Fell, and Balor remembers them best
ofall. Thus we have claimed the right to patrol trods in
the Near Dreaming and to fight the Fell on behalf of all
fae. We watch to make certain that these terrible beasts
do not find a way into the Waking World. Thus we are
the Guardians and whatever else the Seelie feel about us,
they cannot argue with our effectiveness in that regard.
We consider it one of our highest priorities, and you too
will take your turn on patrol against the Fell. Don't be too
concerned, however, we will tell you the way to deal with
the creatures later. Meanwhile, it gives us the perfect
opportunity to gradually assume control of all the gates
into the Dreaming.

We tell no one outside the house our true intentions.
You have already heard me speak of bringing on the
Evernight, what most fae call Endless Winter. We have
no plans to do so until we are ready, though. All our
alliances must be in place, we must mark each dreamer so
we may take them prisoner when we begin our bid for
power, we must control the gates and trods, and we must
bestrong enough to strike decisively, killing or capturing
those fae who oppose us. We will then be the only source
for Glamour and others must beg it of us. Banality, which
has always bothered us less than other sidhe, will force
them to subjugate themselves to us or die. Finally, the
Children of Balor will see the Curs of the Tuatha de
Danaan beaten and cowed.

May that day come soon!

Gey)
eR,

Balor Society

Long before the coming of the Tuatha, the armies of
Balor stretched from one shore of our island home to the
other, a mighty force of arms and faerie magic. Today,
though our numbers have dwindled and the children of
the Tuatha rule the fae in our stead, we still exist as an
army. While other houses of the fae mimic medieval
societies and conduct their affairs like social clubs, we
organize our forces in a more militant manner. We exist
in a state of war, and our house structure reflects our
emphasis on preparedness and discipline.

Unlike armies, however, we marshal our forces along
family lines, allowing and encouraging the common ties
of kinship and respect to temper the coldness of harsh
militarism. We expect much of our house members —
make note of this, please — and expect each individual,
from the rawest fledge to the oldest graybeard, to pull her
weight. We donot countenance idlers or shirkers. In war,
we brand as traitors those who do not contribute to the
goals of the house and deal with them accordingly.

The other noble houses — Unseelie and Seelie alike
—fear us, although they tell themselves that they merely
hate and disdain us. In fact, they recognize that we
possess a strength of mind and of purpose sorely lacking
within their own soft houses. They call us cruel, crude
and repugnant; some houses question the validity of our
claim to a noble heritage. How conveniently they forget
our origins and the fact that we predate the sidhe spawned
from the castoffs of the Tuatha.

Balors Challenge

Part of our strength comes from the blood of the
ancient fomorians, a heritage that not only gives us a
greater resistance to Banality and, therefore, a more
adaptable nature than other sidhe, but also marks us with
tangible signs of our origins. What other houses call our
"deformities," we see as challenges and bear them proudly
as badges of our house. These challenges spur us to greater
effort, forcing us to push ourselves harder to overcome
whatever physical or mental mark that distinguishes us.
Those of us with one arm or one hand learn to fight
without shields and become all the more deadly with our
blades; those who lack an eye or some other sensory organ

House Bator


discover ways to compensate for that missing sense. Ifone
of us limps because of a twisted or malformed limb, she
practices new ways of maneuvering so that she does not
become a liability on the field of battle.

Unlike the fae of House Dougal, we cannot replace
our missing limbs or eyes or augment a diminished sense
through the construction of elaborate prosthetics. We
must make do with what we have. Fortunately, we possess
the will and the determination to do just that.

The Armies of Balor

Like any army, we utilize a strict chain of command,
originating with our high lord and proceeding through
the "ranks" of nobility down to the ranks of knights or
warriors. We ascribe both military and noble titles to our
members, signifying our dual nature as soldiers and as
nobles.

Although we have few freeholds in Concordia, we
have bases in other parts of the world — particularly in
Hibernia, Albion, Caledonia and Cymri, where our roots
stretch back to the age of legends. Even in Concordia,
however, we maintain a number of hidden fortresses,
most of them located in out-of-the way places, such as
swamps, wilderness communities, mountain glens and
other sites ignored by most other fae. These holdings
employ magical and technological defenses in order to
prevent intrusion by infiltrators or raiders. Some of us
make our homes with our near-kin, the shapeshifting
Dancers who share our blood, though most of them have
forgotten that fact. Others of us dwell in vast under-
ground strongholds, where the darkness suits us and
allows us to conduct our affairs away from the prying eyes
of the Parliament of Dreams and its agents.

Head of che House

From his underwater kingdom beneath the icy waters
of the Northern Sea, the High Lord Li-Tili issues the
coiders that detetinine the direetioh and emphasis of uur
ariniles! His Forces of Glass; which ostuptes a pocketot
the Near-Dreaming in the bowels of a sunken ocean
liner, contains rare treasures that allow him to commu-
nicate with his armies on the surface, view the freeholds

The Book of Houses

and breathe water as if it were the purest air. Although
the High-Lord does not dictate our every move, he does
provide us with general guidelines and goals, all based
upon a timetable of his own devising that anticipates the
imminent arrival of the Evernight

The Tower Council

Directly beneath the high lord, the Tower Council
acts as advisors for House Balor. Consisting of the leaders
of all our freeholds and fortresses as well as the leading
generals of our house, the Tower Council discusses the
directives of the high lord and formulates our policies.
The leaders of the freeholds provide information on the
affairs of the house at the lowest levels of organization,
while the leading generals offer counsel based on their
assessments of the forces under their commands.

* General of the Elite Guard: The Lord General,
Duke Gordwyn, commands the army of elite forces that
consist of members of House Balor only. His responsibili-
ties include not only the supervision of the training of our
house armies but also the plans for the eventual conquest
of non-Balor holdings in the aftermath of Evernight. He
masterminds the strategic placement of our troops and
actsas the field commander for the high lord, who cannot
leave his fortress to take personal command of his armies.

* General of the Forces: Duchess Rowhenne, the
Lady General of the Forces, acts as the representative of
House Balor to the armies of the Shadow Court. Her
expertise in dealing with the warriors of Ailil and
Leanhaun (such as they are) ensures the cohesion of the
Unseelie army. Besides her tactical genius, Duchess
Rowhenne excels in the communication skills that en-
able her to keep our Unseelie allies from discovering our
deeper motives and hidden plans. Do not let her outward
charm lull you into assuming she lacks the iron-hard
discipline of our other war leaders. And do not, under any
circumstances, engage her in a "friendly" duel unless you
seek a quick end to your life.

* General of the Foreign Guard: Lord Raghnall, the
General of the Foreign Guard, oversees the alliance of
non-fae allies such as the Dancers, the modern fomori,
witches and other supernatural creatures. His potential
amy playsa pivotal role in securing the compliance of all
like-minded non-humans in the administering of the
world during the Long Winter that follows Evernight.
Most importantly, Lord Raghnall bears the responsibility
for keeping our supernatural allies in line despite their
general lack of discipline.

* General of the Bleak: Duke Fearan, General of the
Bleak, has perhaps the most arduous of positions within
the hierarchy of the house. He commands the ragtag
forces of the Thallain, continually risking his life among
the unpredictable and uncontrollable forgotten children
of the Dreaming (or, more appropriately, of the Night-
mare). His constant association with these creatures has,
we fear, affected his perspective and some of the other
members of the Tower Council believe that he is overdue
for a sabbatical. Unfortunately, at present, we have no
one ina position to replace him in the immediate future.

* Head of Security: Lady Eithlinn, the Head of
Security, holds the internal safety of House Balor in her
capable hands. She sits at the center of a vast network of
covert operatives and sleepers that spends its time ob-
serving and gathering information on the other houses so
that our house may make its decisions based on accurate
and up-to-date intelligence. The importance of her work
cannot go without saying, for without her firm grasp of
the big picture, we would flounder in a sea of conflicting
rumors, unable to sort out truth from falsehood. Because
of her, we need not fear that our Unseelie cousins have
unpleasant surprises hidden within their freeholds.

<3>The Iron Guard

This group forms the third level of leadership within
our house. Made up of the heads of minor holdings and
the leaders of special interest groups not represented on
the Tower Council, these junior officers in the armies of
Balor make up the backbone of our forces. The Iron
Guard includes the heads of our propaganda corps, intel-
ligence analysts, elite sorcerers and researchers in charge
of teams dedicated to the discovery of methods whereby
we might imbue our challenges with powers such as those
possessed by our fomori near-kin.

We also include a few ennobled commoners, such as
the troll Lord Grodolf, who exercises field command over
our allied commoners, and the redcap Lady Moya, who
heads a strike force that performs various black ops for the
house. Although these commoner nobles believe that
they hold actual power within the house, we make
certain that true house members oversee their every
action so that they do not take their liberties too far.
When the time comes to remove them from their lofty
positions and reduce them to their proper station as our
servants, we stand ready to do so without hesitation.

Secrets of the Forcress of

Glass

Rumors persist that High Lord Li-Tili
has succumbed to the final stages of Bed-
lam and no longer provides adequate, sane
leadership for the house. Attempts to con-
firm this have met with disaster, as agents
sent to observe and report on the condi-
tion of our house leader have consistently
failed to return from their missions or to
communicate with us once they have
reached their undersea destination.

Of course, this lack of information
indicates that, perhaps, these rumors are
more than idle speculations. If this is the
case, some of us must make contingency
plans to take matters in our own hands and
restore sanity to the highest level of house
leadership. The idea of replacing the high
lord by forcibly retiring him has gained
considerable popularity among many of
the Tower Guard, who receive increas-
ingly strange communications from Lord
Li-Tili.

Ss


Oaths and Bindings

Children of the Blazing Eye, take heed of the words
you are about to read, for they contain within them the
most serious of truths and the most powerful of weapons,
short of the iron blade or the purging flame. Do not swear
an oath lightly, for the words you utter in solemn cer-
emony in the presence of witnesses bring with them the
might and grandeur of the Dreaming. You have most
likely spent at least part of your existence in the delusion
that you belonged to the puny race of humans. In that
alien and soulless society, men and women make and
break promises as casually as they don their clothes. For
humankind, words carry no inherent power, and oaths
taken in the name of honor (or God or country) fre-
quently fall by the wayside in the interests of conve-
nience and expediency.

Not so for the fae. Unlike humans, we have not lost
the ability to imbue our oaths with binding force, draw-
ing on the ancient power of infusing words with Glamour
so that they create chains of obligation that bring down
dire punishments when broken. Long ago, when our
fomorian ancestors fought the Tuatha for the right to
remain in our homeland, we learned that the only way to
control the treacherous children of Danu without slaugh-
tering them lay in binding them (heart, mind and body)
with the three-fold oath. Not even the sliest of miscre-
ants among the Tuatha de Danaan could elude the
strictures placed upon them under oath, and whenever
we could bind them, we did so, hoping that the Dreaming
that we served would deter them from their course of
carnage and extermination.

Unfortunately, the Tuatha knew the secret of oath-
taking themselves. Their histories are rife with examples
of so-called "heroes" brought low by their ignorance of
the literal words of their vows. As often, however, the
legends of our ancient enemy contain tales of wily\sons

The Book of Houses

and daughters who sought for and found gaps or loop-
holes in their oaths and weaseled their way out of seem-
ingly impossible situations. As many times as we en-
forced our ways upon the Tuatha through the power ofan
oath, they retaliated by imposing oaths of their own upon
us.

Make no mistake about it. If you have already swom
your Oath of Majority and enjoy full membership in our
house, then you know the truth of these words about the
power of the oath. You can feel the force that binds your
Dan to that of your house. If you are still in your period
of Fosterage and have not yet taken the oath that forges
you into a weapon in the hands of Balor's children, you
must simply and utterly believe that your oaths will bind
your actions, gird your heart and commandeer your mind
into ourservice. I cannot caution you too strongly, for the
penalties for oathbreaking — particularly those attached
tothe oaths administered by our house — ensure that you
do not survive to get a second chance at keeping a broken
oath. Unlike the slippery Ailil, who manage somehow to
create a cult out of their forsworn members, we allow no
such evasions. If the curse contained within an oath
doesn't slay the oath breaker outright, we assist the
Dreaming in carrying out its sentence. Remember that
well, lest you be tempted to try your wiles against the
power of the Dreaming and the wrath of Balor.

We require only asingle oath from you. That one you
take when you swear fealty to this house. No other vow
is necessary to mark you as one of the children of Balor.
Should you elect to join one of our elite groups, you will
most likely take a secondary oath of loyalty to your
chosen society. Furthermore, as the occasions present
themselves, you may swear other oaths of friendship,
quests or vengeance. More importantly, however, you
should learn the art of administering oaths and exacting
promises from others — particularly your enemies and
those you wish to take into your service.

The Oach of CDajoricy

By the serpent which twines around the
golden tower, by the crimson beam that streams
from Balor's Eye, by the blood that runs like fire
through my veins, I pledge my heart, mind and
body to the will of House Balor. To the threshold
of death and beyond, my spirit belongs to my
house. My eyes see through the eyes of my
ancestors: my heart beats with the anger of
vengeance denied: my tongue cries out for justice
and restitution in the name of Balor and all his
children. Let the challenge that marks my body as
different from all others serve as a constant
reminder of my birth and my destiny, and let no
one deter me from my service to my house. May
I suffer the agony of a thousand flames if I betray
my house or any of its members. This I swear, by
tower and beam and blood. May the Dreaming
hear my oath and exact its penalties should I
forswear it.

Upon surviving the period of Fosterage

and the Fior, each new member of House
Balor takes this solemn oath before all the
members of her freehold or clique. Usually
sworn by the light of the full moon, symbol of
Balor's Eye, this oath confers all the benefits
and responsibilities of house membership
upon the oath taker. The oath taker speaks
the words of the oath while holding an iron
dagger to her throat. At the completion of
the oath, the house Boon takes effect; the
oath taker demonstrates this by cutting her-
self at the base of her throat with the dagger
held while taking the oath. Should the
Dreaming reject the oath for any reason
(signified by the loss of Glamour from the
wound caused by the iron dagger), the ad-
ministrator of the oath has the right to use
the dagger to slay the oath taker on the spot.

Oach oF Loyal Service

My faith belongs to you, my will serves
you, my body obeys you. By word and blood
and deed, I swear my utmost loyalty to you.
Under the stars, beneath the moon, below the
heavens, I speak these words to you. Com-
mand me and I will do your bidding; rely on me
and | will not fail you; trust in me and I will
serve you until death. May my blood turn to
dust within my veins, may my eyes lose their
sight forever and may my heart burst within my
body should I fail in my pledge to you. My life
toyou, my heart to you, my spirit to you, first,
last and always.

This oath binds a commoner to house
Balor without conferring the Boon of ac-
tual house membership upon the oath taker.
Used to ensure the loyalty of troops going
into battle or to secure the allegiance of
commoner members of a conquered free-
hold, this oath usually takes place at night,
when both moon and stars are visible,
although the moon may reflect any of its
phases. The oath taker takes the oath while
kneeling before the noble chosen to hear
the words. Upon the successful completion
of the oath, the oath taker becomes less
resistant to obeying orders given by mem-
bers of House Balor. In game terms, this
oath increases the difficulty of resisted
Willpower rolls by 2.


Oach of Adopcion and
Ricual CDaiming

I call upon the light of Balor's Eye, the
tongue of the black serpent, and the doorway of
blood to hear my petition and grant me the right
to call myself a child of Balor. By the shedding
of my blood, [link my fate tomy adopted house:
by the shredding of my cloak, I renounce all
former allegiances; by the sacrifice of my bo
take upon myself the challenge of my new kin
Swift my feet to answer any summons, ready
my words to speak in defense of my new house,
willing my heart to die if necessary to uphold the
honor and might of Balor. Let all present bear
witness to my oath, by flesh and blood and
bone, and may the Dreaming forsake me for-
ever should I fail my pledge to thee

Upon occasion, a member of another
house or one of the commoner kith will
both desire and prove worthy of member-
ship in House Balor. This oath, taken in the
company of those who stand as sponsors for
the petitioner as well as the local com-
mander of the house, severs all former ties
with other houses. The oath taker com-
pletes the oath with some form of ritual
disfigurement, intended to inflict upon her
achallenge to mark her as a member of the
house. While some adopted members take
drastic measures such as putting out one of
their eyes or cutting off a hand, most con.
tent themselves with severing a finger or
toe. The oath taker gainsa permanent point
of Glamour upon the s ful completion
of this oath.


Oach of che Enchanced
Servance

By the token of my service, by the beating
of my heart, by the promise of my lips, I pledge
myself to you for so long as you have need of
me. My dreams are yours, my soul belongs to
you, my body exists for you alone. Though
born to mortal flesh, I embrace the visions you
put before me, knowing that you inhabit a
world I can see only through your grace and by
your pleasure. May the Dreaming look with
favor on my oath, may the hidden world grant
me access, may the stars and sky bear witness
to my words. Let my troth be honored, let my
words hold me fast and may my life be forfeit
should I fail to keep the oath I take this night.

Humans Enchanted by members of

House Baloras long-term servants or slaves
take this oath upon receiving the token

that confers upon them the benefits of
Enchantment. Usually an elaborate cer-
emony surrounds the oath in order to im-
press upon the oath taker the lowliness of
her position and the severity of the punish-
ment should she fail to keep her word. The
oath taker speaks the words while kneeling
in the center of a circle of house members
— her soon-to-be masters. The adminis-
trator of the oath ritually marks the oath
taker with either a brand or some form of
bodily piercing as a physical reminder of
her servitude ‘to House Balor. Humans
bound to the house by this oath lose all
ability to resist commands by members of
the house. Although the oath does not
contain within it an indication of term of
service, usually the only release from the
oath comes with the death of the oath taker
— usually at the hands of the individual
who administered the oath.

SDD VDD PDN OD

Using Oachs Againsc Ochers

Knowing when to slay an enemy and when to allow
her to live under oath to you comes with practice. Your
first efforts may prove misguided, forcing you to termi-
nate the oath with extreme prejudice (to use a human
phrase). Do not concern yourself overly much with
having to slay your failures. Eventually, you may learn
how to discern which of our foes presents a good candi-
date for servitude or mercy, and which should taste the
iron of your sword.

While the other houses believe that we lack the
subtlety to manipulate others into doing our will, our
mastery of the art of administering oaths more than
makes up for our deficiencies in the realms of guile and
subterfuge.

Balor of che Unseelie Courc

Many of our younger house members avoid the
politics and motives that attend membership in the
Shadow Court, preferring to identify themselves simply
and openly with their Unseelie natures. Because they
flaunt their Unseelie ties, they create the image most
often associated with our house. Unseelie Balor do not
care who knows their house affiliation. They take great
delight in reminding the Seelie fae that another way of
life exists. Unseelie Balor revel in violence, roaming
Concordia in cliques that specialize in rampant Ravag-
ing, suckering hapless Seelie nobles into duels (and then
promptly cheating to win) and, otherwise, adding to the
Balor reputation for general mayhem and unbridled
aggression.

We view their activities as both necessary and vital
to the goals of our house. The prevalence of Unseelie
Balor running wild through the kingdoms of the Seelie
keeps the Tuatha bastards busy and provides a smoke
screen behind which Balor members of the Shadow
Court can conduct their affairs without intrusion. Even-
tually, mere Unseelieness palls for most of this group and
they drift into their proper places within the Shadow
Court. A few staunch hellions, however, persist in their
denial of anything more important than creating anar-
chy. After the coming of Evernight, the chaos engen-

House Bator


dered by the fall of the Seelie fae and the onset of Endless
Winter should provide Unseelie Balor with all the dis-
cord they desire. Then, they can take theit places among
the majority of their house as leaders of the Shadow
Court.

Balor of the Seelie Courc

Although our fomorian blood prevents members of
our house from assuming their Seelie legacies, a small
minority of house members choose to adopt the outward
appearance of the Seelie fae. These "Seelie" Balor usually
disguise themselves as members of other houses — most
often Dougal, Eiluned or Liam — and blend in with
Seelie households. Unlike house members who serve as
sleepers for our covert spy network, these individuals
seem to pass themselves off as Seelie for their own
purposes. These aberrations come as close to being Seelie
as any of our house can, working hard to control their
natural impulses so that their inherent Unseelie nature
does not show through.

While we question the motives of these pretenders,
we have a wait-and-see policy regarding them until we
know more about why they have chosen to immerse
themselves in a way of life that runs counter to their
natural bent. Some theorize that this desire to play at
being Seelie is an odd manifestation of the challenges
associated with Balor membership. Others believe that
Seelie-seeming Balor provide an invaluable service to
our house by acting as independent agents of corruption
and subversion within their adopted houses. If this is the
case, then these house members do, indeed, serve us well.
A few cynics among us ascribe more sinister motivations
to the Balor who associate with the Seelie Court, main-
taining that they are traitors to the house and deserve
immediate termination.

Whatever their reasons for their behavior, the "Seelie"
Balor deserve watching. If they have, in fact, decided to
cast their lot in with the other side, we will deal with
them accordingly when we bring on the Evernight and
have the leisure to seek out and punish those who have
betrayed us. If, however, the Seelie pretenders can pro-
vide us with insights that allow us to maximize our
control of the Seelie houses, we may very well reward
their actions by giving them control over the Seelie
houses they have adopted.

The Book of Houses

Balor of che Shadow Coure

The majority of Balor not only serve the ideals and
goals of the Unseelie Court, they also make up the heart
of the Shadow Court. Despite Ailil pretensions of lead-
ership, House Balor controls the innermost workings of
the Shadow Court, allowing the other Unseelie houses
the illusion of power so that they will not notice our true
purposes. Outwardly, we espouse the goal of the Shadow
Court — power for the Unseelie fae. We do this because
it provides us with the best opportunity to prepare for
what we really want — power for House Balor.

We have worked hard since our return to foster the
impression that our house consists mainly of mindless
warriors who only want the chance to break Seelie heads.
So far, we have succeeded in fooling Ailil and Leanhaun
into discounting usasa political threat within the Shadow
Court. We know of Ailil's delusions of a dual rulership
with House Eiluned, their Seelie sisters. When the time
comes for us to take charge of the fae on Earth, we shall
put that notion right out of Ailil's minds.

In the meantime, we gather our strength and let the
other houses lay the groundwork for us. What the other
members of the Shadow Court do not realize is that we
hold them in as much contempt as we do the Seelie
Court. The Shadow Court serves as our stepping stone to
power and to vengeance against all the children of the
Tuatha.

Sociecies Secret and Acknowl-
edged

While House Balor does not lend itself to a plethora
of secret societies, a few of these clandestine organiza-
tions exist within the house. Some of these groups have
the approval of Balor's leaders, while others (such as the
Masters of the Dance) have'simply arisen out of common
gtound or perceived necessity. The subtle politics of
House Ailil and the convoluted romantic liaisons of
House Leanhaun do not exist within the confines of the
golden tower; rather, the sub-rosa groupings of House
Balor embody darker and wilder desires and ambitions.
The cold of the Evernight beckons, and some hear its call
more loudly and answer it in mysterious ways.

Then there are the acknowledged groupings, those
societies who are known either to most members of Balor
or even to other houses. Other Kithain may even admire
these groups, like the Guardians of the Gate—especially
as their true aimsare not known toall. Youare to be made
privy to many secrets here. Beware that the knowledge
does not overwhelm your good sense. A closed mouth
gathers no feet, as they say, nor does it usually give rise to
knives in the back. Consider yourself warned.

Cyes of Bator

Few among the other noble houses give us credit for
subtlety and intrigue. The members of the society known
as the Eyes of Balor take advantage of this misconception
toact as spies and assassins for their house. Granted, most
Balor sidhe do not appreciate the fine points of political
maneuverings and diplomatic sleight-of-hand. The Eyes
recruit their members from the few members of their
house who demonstrate a flair for misdirection and
deception. Eyes of Balor master the arts of physical and
chimerical disguise in order to construct alternate per-
sonalities for themselves and take their places as "sleep-
ers" in other houses. Most often, Eyes masquerade as
members of House Dougal, where physical infirmities
pass without notice, or — if they bear no outer deformity
— House Eiluned, where eccentricities of mind seem
almost normal. Although Eyes rarely succeed in infiltrat-
ing House Gwydion, their ability to assume an identity
within House Dougal serves as a window on Gwydion's
brood.

Once ensconced in their assumed personas, the Eyes
immerse themselves in their roles, hiding their Unseelie
natures as best they can and acting in all ways as loyal
members of their alleged houses. Some Eyes make peri-
odic reports to their superiors on the doings of their target
house, while others simply bide their time, observing all
that goes on around them and gaining the trust of their
"fellow" houses' members. Sooner or later, an Eye re-
ceives a message — either by Cantrip or through some
prearranged system — alerting her to the fact that "It is
time for the Eye to open." Whenever an Eye receives this
signal, she acts — performing whatever duty she was
charged with. In many cases, this task consists of assassi-

nating a particular member of the Eye's assumed house-
hold or stealing some vital piece of information or a
cherished treasure. In other cases, Eyes have the task of
causing as much disruption in their adopted freehold as
possible by whatever means presents itself.

From her fortress-freehold hidden in the Kingdom of
Apples, not far from the High King's own "safe haven,"
Lady Eithlinn of the Gleaming Eyes orchestrates the
movements of the Eyes of Balor and receives the informa-
tion brought to her by the "sleeping" agents of Discordia.

CDascers of the Dance

Members of this covert group form liaisons with our
shapeshifting kin, the Dancers, as well as with vampires,
wizards and any other Prodigals or supernaturals with
whom we share common goals. When we returned to the
world, we quickly sought for and found a group of humans
whose dreams suited us so well that we knew they had to
consist of the former servants of our fomori ancestors.
These individuals also served as breeding stock for the
werewolves who call themselves Dancers. Ancient memo-
ties surfaced and we realized that these humans once
belonged to us as well.

The Masters of the Dance pay regular visits to the
holdings of the Dancers, sharing in some of their ceremo-
nies and revels and hosting them, in turn, whenever they
pass through our territories. By courting their favors and
forming alliances with these powerful supernaturals, the
Masters remind them of ancient oaths that once existed
between us.

Likewise, other members of this group seek out the
Children of Lilith, realizing that they pull many of the
strings that control the workings of mortal society. The
Masters attempt to enlist their aid, whenever possible, in
securing advantages for our house in the mortal world.
Masters of the Dance have the tacit permission of house
leaders to sacrifice a few dreamers to the Children of
Lilith, though we prefer to give them humans claimed by
the houses of our enemies. Some Masters find that the
Children of Lilith can provide them with unusual types
of Dark Glamour and have created a unique form of
"Blood Dross" for storing this rare commodity.

House Bator


Some Masters have made inroads into forging alli-
ances with the creatures known as fomori. Although we
originally believed that these individuals represented the

remnants of our long-lost ancestors, we now suspect our
initial assumptions may have been erroneous. Neverthe-
less, these creatures have great powers that seem to come
from their deformities and their assistance may prove
invaluable in the eventual battle we must fight against
the other noble houses. We rely on the Masters to make
certain that the fomori lend their strength to us when we
need them.

Because their work takes them out of the freeholds
and into "the field" so often, Masters need regular infu-
sions of Glamour in order to ensure that they do not lose
themselves to Banality. Fomori, in particular, exude vast
quantities of Banality despite their supernatural natures.
Often, Masters resort to Ravaging to gain the Glamour
they need, and they have, for this reason, become experts
in the "quick and dirty" method of ripping Glamour from
their victims.

Lord Raghnall, one of our house's most invaluable
members, servesas the leader of the Masters of the Dance
and coordinates the efforts of this group from his secret
freehold in the Kingdom of Grass.

The Royal Guardians

Once a knight of House Balor has proven herself in
battle against the Seelie and has learned the house
secrets, she is eligible to join the Royal Guardians.
Despite sounding as though they must be the elite body-
guards of the high lord of House Balor, the Guardians act
as caretakers of the house treasures collected by Cathal,
first real king of the house. Simply because a knight is
eligible, however, doesn't mean she is necessarily tapped
for the position. The Royals' number is limited to 13
members, though each one has a chosen apprentice
capable of stepping forward to assume her patron's place
should it become necessary. No one except the Royal
Guardians, their apprentices and the high lord know who
they are. Their identities are kept strictly secret lest

greedier members of the house attempt to coerce knowl-
edge of the hiding places or the actual treasures from the
appointed guardians. Members of this elite group have
sworn never to reveal the locations or powers of the
assembled treasures until Cathal comes again to claim

them and lead House Balor in final war. Despite the rigid
nature of the group, they suffer a high turnover rate in
membership as an apprentice slays her patron and takes
his place, only to be slain in turn. Assassination is
condoned among the members as it keeps the Guardians
on their toes and produces some of the toughest, most
savage and determined guards the house could want.

The Cayduilders Corps

The select members of this group consist of a few
graybeards who elect to undergo the ultimate sacrifice for
the good of the house. Deemed unnecessary to the cause
due to advanced age, diminishing skills and low reser-
voirs of Glamour, the Waybuilders Corps provides a way
for these aging fae to make a final contribution to House
Balor. While most fae eventually succumb to Banality,
losing their faerie natures entirely and dooming them-
selves to a lackluster existence as mortal shells that once
housed something glorious, the members of the
Waybuilders Corps decide to forego the final indignity
for a grander fate. The Waybuilders believe that their
deaths as sacrifices will one day result in the reopening of
the Bright Road, allowing the sidhe to reincarnate after
the fashion of the other fae. Some even believe that
enough sacrifices will eventually win again for us the
immortality that we once had in the days before the
Sundering.

Most of the Waybuilders Corps belong to the Ritu-
alist faction and observe the celebrations of the seasons
assiduously. The Samhain revels provide the occasion for
their most solemn ceremony: the ritual sacrifice of one of
their number, chosen by lot, to the Samhain bonfire.
Laid to rest without a wake to insure that their spirits
remain in the lands of the Dead, the faerie souls of the
Waybuilders emerge — so we believe — in the Under-
world. There, the Waybuilders assume the task of forcing
open the Bright Road and using their deaths as a means
of gaining control of that legendary path once it has
opened to us. The spirits of those who sacrificed them-
selves, so goes the credo of the Waybuilders, will stand as
sentinels along the Bright Road, determining which of
the fae deserve the privilege of walking the path from
death into rebirth. The Waybuilders have sworn to hold
the Road against all but House Balor and a few others

designated by our house as worthy of reincarnation. The
Waybuilders maintain some contacts among the wraiths,
but information thus gained is sketchy and incomplete.
Thus far, despite apparent evidence that the sacrifices are
achieving something, there is no concrete proof that they
are capable of doing their intended job.

The leadership of the Waybuilders Corps rotates
annually. Each Samhain, the sacrifice for the next year
assumes the position of supreme authority within the
group, thus allowing her to enjoy her final year of life and
prepare the way for her spectacular death.

Guardians of che Gaces

Many of the returning sidhe remember a nightmare
chase through the Dreaming as they journeyed down the
trods from Arcadia back to the Waking World. They
recall terrible monsters who tracked them, feeding upon
stragglers and even attacking armed bands of warriors.
These great beasts seemed made of equal parts shadow
and Glamour. Striking with phenomenal swiftness and
ferocity, the creatures known as the Fell harried Seelie
and Unseelie alike as we fled the terror they evoked in us.
The horrors came again and again, attacking and shred-
ding our faerie souls with powerful fangs and claws. Their
speed was unbelievable; their savagery unimaginable.
Even the bravest noble knights could not battle so many.
Some of the Fell entered into the Waking World when
panicked sidhe burst through a gate and didn't close it
behind them quickly enough, but most stayed in the
Dreaming, prowling the silver paths, waiting with black-
hearted malice for their prey to return.

We of House Balor remember the beasts most clearly.
Thus, we formed a knighthood dedicated to protecting
the gateways and trods from incursions of the Fell. The
Guardians of the Gates patrol most of the known ways
and combat the Fell on behalf of all fae. Many a Seelie
owes his life to the Guardians whose quick intervention
drove away the Fell or kept them from penetrating a gate
and escaping into the Waking World. For this, ifnothing
else, House Balor is accorded respect and admiration.

The true story proves alittle less straightforward. We
too were harried by the Fell as we made the trek from
Arcadia, but rather than fleeing, we determined that the
Fell are highly intelligent. They feed on the Glamour
stolen from fae whom they bite and rend, but they also

desire flesh. We cut a deal with them. In exchange for
regular sacrifices of Glamour to them (most often dross,
but occasionally the life of a captured enemy) and the
occasional feast of flesh (always Seelie who have angered
us), the Fell work alongside us.

Whenever we need them as an excuse to continue
our patrols, a pack of Fell appears and menaces change-
lings using trods. They might even manage to kill a few.
Then we arrive, go through an amazing battle with them
and drive them off.

Why go to all this trouble? What better way than to
have not only the permission, but the grateful and
enthusiastic patronage of both courts for our knights to
patrol the known trods and gates? Not only do we learn
all the ways in and out, we are thus in position to control
them —all of them — whenever we decide that the time
is right. Meanwhile, we use our position to construct
fortresses in the Dreaming, strongholds we will occupy
when we bring the war for Evernight to the Waking
World. And should the Seelie contest us, our friends the
Fell stand ready to help us maintain our superior position.
Do you doubt our efficacy? You need only look to the
naming of many of the roads from the Dreaming to the
Umbra. Why did you think they were called the Paths of
Balor?

Riders of che Fell

Some house members lack the discipline to become
directly involved in our efforts at control and the martial
affairs we undertake. Instead, these young rakes flaunt
themselves, egging one another on to greater and greater
feats of skill and danger. They take the notion of over-
coming the challenge of our "deformities" quite seriously,
to the point of constantly courting death to prove them-
selves. House Balor puts up with these willful children
and their stubborn independence since it makes them
prime candidates to undertake suicide missions on behalf
of the house. We need only couch the request as a
challenge and hint that they may not be able to handle
it and survive. Most jump at the chance to prove us
wrong.

House Bator

Ds

Most members of the group are wilders, though a
number of childlings also take a role in the society. Of
course, children almost never believe in their own mor-
tality anyway. The house doesn't officially approve of
theiractionssince they donot dedicate themselves to our
goals, but the Fell Riders do have tacit license to do what
they want. If they are too weak or foolish, they die and our
problem is solved. Should they survive, they become all
the more deadly and gain reputations for daring that can
only benefit the house in the long run. Besides, many of
them eventually outgrow their rebelliousness and be-
come some of our strongest leaders.

The Fell Riders are not associated with the Guard-
ians of the Gates. Their name comes from the initiation
ceremony of the society that requires potential members
to briefly capture and ride one of the Fell. Once he has
proven himself, the new member releases the beast and
attempts to escape its retribution. Unknown to the Fell
Riders, Guardians sometimes persuade certain Fell to
allow themselves to be "captured" and used for this
purpose. Those that agree, carry the riders and act men-
acing, perhaps even wounding the young fae for their
impertinence, but offer no real threat of death. Those
society members who entrap "wild" Fell are on their own.

The Unseelie Code: Balor Scyle

To say that we live by the Unseelie Code smacks of
understatement. We are the Unseelie Code, more so
than the posturers of House Ailil or the romantics of
House Leanhaun. For us, the precepts of the Unseelie
Code embody everything we need to survive. We not
only live by the code, we die by and for it as well.

We function as an army, for we stand upon a battle-
field. We fight for the right to walk openly once more,
clad in the fullness of our faerie splendor so that we may
strike terror into the hearts of those who oppose us. We
engage in a war for survival, and sometimes it seems as if
we are the only ones who know this for a certainty. Our
interpretations of the Unseelie Code, therefore, reflect
our awareness of the desperation of our plight. We have
never prided ourselves on gentleness and mercy. We
don't intend to begin doing so now.

The Book of Houses
%

Change Is Good

Fear of the unknown stultifies change, leaving the
world cowering in stagnation. The Seelie Court lan-
guishes in the grip of an infectious disease that rots away
its will to attempt a new beginning. Unlike them, we
dedicate ourselves to change. We seek to bring about the
end of the old order in order to bring about a rebirth of
Glamour. Our commitment to the Evernight goes hand
in hand with our desire for — and need of — change.
Although some of us do, in fact, fear change, we embrace
that fear. We are the children of dark imaginings and
fearsome nightmares. We can do no less than accept
those visions that gave birth to our house and its founder.

Glamour Is Free

We do not believe in hoarding Glamour or in exer-
cising restraint in acquiring it. Unlike those who see
themselves as harvesters of Glamour, carefully tending
their gardens of dreamers in the hopes that one day they
may gather the fruit of their effort, we view ourselves as
hunters. Those who provide us with Glamour — human
dreamers — are our prey. We stalk our quarry and take
what is rightfully ours wherever and whenever we can.
Occasionally we indulge ourselves by savoring the slow
process of cultivating our dreamers, but we of House
Balor find the act of seizing Glamour more satisfying. The
nightmares that birthed us have also set our preferences
for Glamour spiced with fear and terror, loss and despair.

We do not worry about exhausting the supply of
Glamour. The Seelie Court lies when they claim that
Glamour is an irreplaceable resource. So long as humans
breed and proliferate — and the constant state of over-
population seems to indicate that they will continue to
do just that — we will not lack for dreamers. If their
dreams are born of despair, so much the better.

Honor Is a Lie

We reject outright the Seelie crutch of honorable
conduct. The weak and cowardly have invented the
concept of honor to protect themselves from the strong
and bold. We cannot afford the luxury of strict codes of
behavior on the battlefield or in any other sphere of
action. Asan army dedicated to bringing about Evernight,
we value victory above all. Regardless of how "honor-
ably" a warrior conducts himself in combat, losers gain
nothing. We set our sights on our goal, and use whatever

means presents itself to win. If we decide to spare an
enemy or to treat a defeated opponent with mercy and
compassion, we do so not because honor binds us but
because we choose that course of action. We also realize
the dangers inherent in observing outworn and out-
moded codes of honor. Too often, we have suffered the
fate of those who choose, unwisely, to allow enemies to
live. Mercy breeds resentment and largesse often sows
seeds of vengeance in the hearts of those who feel
beholden to an honorable victor.

Wedonotshirk our responsibilities, nor do we shame
ourselves in our actions. We do not rely on "honor" to
show us what needs doing. Only fools (and the Seelie
houses certainly fall into that category) require the
chains of honor to insure that they do not misuse their
power or fail to perform their duties.

Passion Before Duty

Those who lack passion resort to duty as their moti-
vation. We fuel our actions with the fires of anger and
revenge, hoarded since the time when our ancestors fell
before the treacheries of the Seelie Court and its mortal
allies. No one needs to remind us of our "duty." Our
instincts tell us what we must do and we follow the
impulses of our emotions to achieve our destiny.

The other houses speak of obligations and debts, of
owing and being owed. We remember those who wronged
us and seek redress for our suffering and deprivations.
Duty makesacoldand unresponsive bedmate. The weak-
willed allow the demands of others to dictate their
actions and call it "duty." We do as we like and as our wills
dictate, without regard for the expectations of others.

The Seelie Code

The tenets of the Seelie Code present us with an
arsenal of weapons to use against our weak cousins.
Although we do not recognize the principles that govern
the Seelie houses, we study them carefully so that we can
better understand those who oppose us.

Death Before Dishonor

The sons and daughters of Gwydion fall victim to
this tenet more often than the other Seelie houses. Place
‘one of these hide-bound honor-mongers in a situation

where he has to choose between dishonoring himself or
facing his own annihilation and nine times out of 10, he
will opt for a glorious death. More power to him. On the
rare occasion when a Seelie sidhe elects to face dishonor,
we can still claim the psychological victory. The sight of
a once-proud opponent humbled by his fall from grace
warms even the coldest Balor heart.

Love Conquers All

This tenet gives us an effective weapon against the
hopeless romantics of House Fiona. Capture the heart of
‘one of the Fiona sidhe and you need not bother with
defeating her on the field of battle. Too often, the sidhe
who espouse the Seelie Code suffer from the delusion
that a case of inflamed passion constitutes a promise of
lifelong commitment and loyalty. We play upon this
weakness whenever possible, reveling in the utter aban-
donment of principle that accompanies "true love" and
using it to control our Seelie lovers. In many cases, our
victims of the heart never realize what we are doing until
it is too late.

Beauty Is Life

The maimed artisans of House Dougal demonstrate
aparticular weakness for this principle. Strangely enough,
sodo the effete mystics of House Eiluned. Those of us who
can hide our physical impediments beneath a facade of
beauty gain the upper hand in dealing with many of the
Seelie, who fail to look beyond the outer shell. By
threatening the destruction of something — or someone
— beautiful, we bring to their knees those who live by
this tenet. By deliberately espousing the grotesque, we
render ourselves immune to the lure of outward appear-
ances.

Never Forget a Debt

House Liam suffers from an overabundance of guilt,
deserved or not. They, therefore, become vulnerable to
reminders of unpaid debts and unreturned favors. Most
Seelie sidhe, for that matter, leave themselves open to
manipulation through the clever use of binding oaths
and solemn vows. If you can manage to place any of the
Seelie fae in your debt, you can command their obedi-
ence, if not their allegiance.

House Bator
A

Shadow Courc Tenecs

Sons and daughters of Balor, know that you represent
the true vanguard of the Shadow Court, despite the lies
put to you by the preening politicians of Ailil and the
fawning sycophants of Leanhaun. For the present, it suits
us to allow the other Unseelie houses to assume control
of the Shadow Court. Their actions draw the attention of
the Seelie fae, leaving us to do the real work of the Court
of Shadows without interference. Ultimately, we shall
assume our rightful place as leaders of the Shadow Court,
relegating all others to their proper places as our servants
and subjects. In the meantime, we strive to uphold the
principles of the Shadow Court in our own fashion.

Understand the Mortal World

Simply put, the fae who fail to comprehend the world
around them lack the means to survive the coming of
Evernight. Too many changelings, particularly the sidhe,
shun the outer world or ignore it as much as possible,
fearing the taint of Banality. Our duty lies in inuring
ourselves to the rigors of a dreamless world. After all, we
will rule this world in the aftermath of Endless Winter.

We seek, as well, to understand the motivations and
vulnerabilities of mortals in order to secure our
dancy over them when we come into our victory. Know-

ascen-

ing your subjects gives you the means of ruling it.

Encouraging our childlings and wilders to study
modern technology and steep themselves in the mun-
dane aspects of the mortal world provides future genera-
tions of our house with warriors skilled in the techniques
and strategies necessary for conquest and domination.

Understand the Supernatural World, Make and
Break Alliances as Necessary

The Prodigal races provide us with a host of potential
allies, provided we know how to use them. To this end,
we cultivate associations with the shapeshifting Dancers,
fomori and vampires. Some of these creatures share our
ambitions and our viewpoint regarding the mortal world
Wherever possible, we insinuate ourselves into their
societies (such as they are) and do what we must to place
them in our favor. Not only do these creatures provide
inroads into certain useful areas of society, they also make
convenient scapegoats for our more extreme actions.
Most of them prey on mortals anyway, so why not let
them take the blame for a few more mysterious deaths?


Harvest Glamour, Prepare for Endless Winter

We accumulate Glamour for one purpose — so that
when the Evernight ends the world as we now know it, we
will control access to the Dreaming. When the other
nobles and the commoners find they must come to us for
their share of Glamour, we can dictate the terms for
dispensing that vital commodity.

We freely admit to the regular practice of Ravaging
in order to gain.as much Glamouras possible from mortal
dreamers. What most houses don't realize is that our
primary targets for this form of gathering Glamour con-
sist of humans affiliated with our enemies — the change-
lings of the Seelie court. We guard our own dreamers
jealously, sustaining them in the same manner that a
conscientious pig farmer tends to his livestock. That
doesn't prevent us from raiding the property of our
competitors. By depleting the children of the Tuatha de
Danaan of their stockpile of dreamers while at the same
time increasing and husbanding our own supply, we
further our goal — the monopoly of Glamour to use as we
see fit.

Overthrow the Seelie Court and Nobility

The Seelie Court contains within it the seeds of its
own downfall. Already, the fragile nature of the Parlia-
ment of Dreams and the pillars of Concordia tremble
with the disappearance of the High King. Although
many of the fae lay David Ard-Ri's absence (and pre-
sumed death) at our doorstep, in truth, we had nothing
to do with that fortuitous event. Nevertheless, we gra-
ciously accept the credit for that action — even if, for

once, we are innocent.

The conspicuous lack of leadership of the Seelie fae,
however, can only work to our advantage. We take the
High King's disappearance as an omen that the time has
come for us to take decisive action. Already we have
activated many of our "eyes" in Seelie freeholds through-
out Concordia and in other lands as well. One by one, the
leaders of the fae will fall to our swords or else they will
recognize the need to accept our leadership.

Fulfill the Ritual Obligations of the Year, Culmi-
nating in Samhain

By keeping the annual celebrations of the passing
year, we remember the time before the Shattering, when
mortals feared our power. Each festival commemorates
the spirit of change, something the Seelie fae have put
aside in favor of drab stability. Particularly, we hold the
Samhain revels as our most sacred time. We, at least,
remember the passing of rule from the Seelie to the
Unseelie Court that once took place on Samhain Eve.
The screams of Samhain sacrifices still echo in our ears
with the aching sweetness of a half-remembered melody.
When the Evernight brings about our rule, the Seelie
Court will find itself reduced to the mockery to which it
has consigned us and the Samhain bonfires will once
again break open the paths between the worlds.

Spread Chaos, Revolution and Anarchy

The promulgation of dissatisfaction and discontent
among the commoner fae constitutes our most effective
weapon against the tyranny of the Seelie Court. We work
incessantly to undermine the credibility and reliability of
the Seelie nobles through acts of terror and subversion.
Every rumor we spread, every noble we subvert or destroy,
every freehold we "liberate" from its Seelie lord contrib-
utes to the wave of rebellion that sweeps through the
Kingdom of Concordia. There will be time enough to
institute our own form of order in the aftermath of the
Evernight. For now, anarchy serves our purposes best.
Concordia is dead; Long live Discordia!

The Escheac

Long ago, the Escheat upheld the right of the fae to
the Glamour of mortals and provided us with a set of laws
by which we could govern ourselves. After the Shatter-
ing, this code of precepts enabled the commoners to
survive ina world bereft of their leaders and surrounded
by hostile humans. As children of Balor, the enemy of the
Tuatha and their weak children, we uphold the Escheat
as we understand it, regardless of how other fae view our
interpretations. After all, we had a hand in its creation
although its current form bears little resemblance to our
original conception.

Ss


We envision the Escheat as a set of principles that
would guarantee the supremacy of the fae in both the
Dreaming and in the material world. Those who merited
power by right of arms and wits would rule those whose
talents lay in obedience and submission. All would know
their place in the world.

The Right of Demesne

The sovereign power of a lord over his holdings and
his subjects resembles that of a general over her army.
None should question that right. In turn, those who hold
power should never rely on their reputation alone to
maintain it. They rule who have the strength to exert
their dominion. The weak and softhearted may lay claim
to freeholds and subjects for a time, but inevitably they
succumb to their frail natures.

Reality: We hold only a few freeholds openly. For
the time being, we place our agents within the holdings
of others, like cuckoos' eggs waiting to hatch in foreign
nests. We pay lip service to the titles of others, knowing
that when the Evernight scours the fae of its weaklings,
we shall reclaim those freeholds and holdings that right-
fully belong to us —as wells the places left vacant by the
passing of their former lords.

The Right to Dream

Mortals provide us with the Glamour we need to
maintain our true natures. Their dreams connect us to
the Dreaming. We, therefore, have an obligation to
encourage our dreamers to produce as much Glamour as
possible. Whenever we can inspire humans to greater
achievements of creativity, we can only benefit. Ravag-
ing, while an immediate source of massive infusions of
Glamour, debilitates the dreamer, or deprives her alto-
gether of the power to dream.

Reality: Glamour belongs to us. It is not, as the
Seelie would have it, a "gift" bestowed upon us through
the largesse of human dreamers. Humans exist, we be-
lieve, for the singular purpose of producing Glamour for
our pleasure. To think otherwise is to deny our natures as
fae. Furthermore, we gain as much Glamour from night-
marish visions as from dreams. The creations born of
terror and fear taste every bit as sweet to our voracious
appetites. We do not care how our dreamers manifest

The Book of Houses

Glamour, only that they do so in quantities capable of
supporting our desires. Ravaging when necessary lends its
own piquancy to the Glamour gained in that fashion,
particularly when the dreamers do not belong to us but
serve our enemies.

The Right of Ignorance

The intrusions of humans brought about the Sunder-
ing, which drove us from the world 600 years ago. Their
continued disbelief in the existence of anything outside
of their puny senses has created the tide of Banality that
bars us from direct access to the fruits of the Dreaming. So
long as we stand to lose from our encounters with the
institutionalized hostility of humankind, we need to keep
it from discovering the truth of our existence. This tenet
works as much for our protection as for the purported
"good" of humanity.

Reality: Eventually, we plan on revealing our exist-
ence to the world in order to take our place as ruler of the
humans — as we did in the ancient times, before the
Tuatha and their ilk deprived us of our rightful position.
For now, we find it expedient to allow humans to remain
as ignorant of us as possible. Whenever we do allow
selected dreamers to view us as we are, we do so in order
to inspire them with terror. The sight of a Balor sidhe in
all her grotesque glory brings us some of the keenest
dreams.

The Right of Rescue

We agree that any fae so unlucky as to fall into the
hands of humans or to succumb to Banality before their
inevitable decline deserves rescuing. Balor does not shirk
their duty in this regard. This tenet of the Escheat had its
origins in our realization that the children of Balor were
few and our enemies were many. We once staged many a
daring rescue of captured warriors of our house — usually
snatching them from the prisons of the Tuatha! Never-
theless, the principle remains. We do not leave the fae to
the pleasures of their enemies.

Reality: We use the opportunity to rescue other fae
as a way of honing our military skills and our stealth
tactics. Although we feel no particular loyalty to any fae
outside our house, we do recognize that masterminding
or executing a brilliant extraction mission ensures that
the rescued individual and her household owe us a debt

of gratitude. Otherwise, we would just as soon let the
other fae rot in their captors' hands.

The Right of Safe Haven

We expect to receive hospitality from other fae, as is
our right, and we grantit to others, in turn, at least for the
traditional three days and nights. Despite what others
may believe of us, we do not lack in civility or respect for
traditions. Even though we have few freeholds in
Concordia, our holdings elsewhere serve as models for
the strict interpretation of this tenet.

Reality: In the days when we warred against the
Tuatha, we needed this "right" in order to buy us time to
spy out and subvert our enemies holdings whenever
possible. Today, we still demand hospitality from the
Tuatha's descendants for the same purpose. Unfortu-
nately, many Seelie houses refuse to recognize our right
to hospitality, treating us with disdain and hatred to rival
that of their Tuatha ancestors.

We grant hospitality to other fae, when they demand
it, but feel no shame in taking every advantage to study
our guests to determine their weaknesses and vulnerabili-
ties. If the other houses fail to reciprocate, believing that
"honor" prevents them from availing themselves of the
opportunity to gain an insight into their guests, then they
are fools. Should one of our guests outstay her welcome,
however, then we reserve the right to dispose of her as we
see fit.

The Right of Life

This principle purports to unite all the fae in the
protection and preservation of our kind by forbidding the
killing of the children of the Dreaming. We agree that
there are few enough of usin the world at presentand that
we should avoid decreasing our numbers whenever pos-
sible.

Reality: There is no tactful way to say this: death to
all the children of the Tuatha! A river of fae blood divides
us from the other sidhe, and before the Shattering, we
met frequently on the field of battle, taking no quarter in
our encounters with our enemies. We do not go about
haphazardly slaughtering the other nobles; to do so
would bring their armies down upon us without hesita-
tion. On the other hand, the judicious "removal" of our
most troublesome opponents only serves our purposes.

We do not suffer as much from Banality as other fae, so
we can risk the penalties extracted by the Dreaming for
ridding ourselves of our enemies. For the good of our
house and its goals, some of us accept the consequences
and revel in the blood we spill in the name of the
Evernight and House Balor.

Foscerage

We do not believe in coddling our young. The
Waking World assaults the fae with a relentless barrage
of Banality; the children of the Tuatha show little in the
way of leniency or mercy toward the sons and daughters
of Balor. In order to survive in both mortal and fae realms,
we must not only hone our physical skills and overcome
the challenges of our house, we must also harden our
hearts against the prejudice and cruelty we encounter in
the presence of our enemies. Fledglings or "recruits,"
whether they emerge from their Chrysalis as raw, un-
tamed childlings or angry, cynical graybeards, undergo a
grueling period of fosterage not unlike the training period
human soldiers undergo in boot camp.

For a year and a day, the potential members of our
house suffer a series of rigorous drills that target the
individual's particular challenge. Under the brutal regi-
men inflicted upon them by their commander (we do not
use the patronizing term "mentor"), recruits learn to
ignore the hardships imposed upon them by their so-
called deformities, or else suffer punishments that range
from beatings to forced marches or periods of solitary
confinement in heated iron restraints. Members of the
recruit's new household constantly taunt her with ridi-
cule and verbal abuse, pushing her resources to the
breaking point. In all this, the recruit must demonstrate
the ability to withstand and endure without sniveling or
else fight back and stand up against her tormentors.
While a fledgling who pummels her commander or one
of her superiors (i.e., every house member who is not a
recruit) into submission may earn a raw and bloody back
for her efforts, she also garners the beginnings of respect
for her refusal to knuckle under.

House Balor

Any recruits who fail to meet our standards of tough-
ness and resilience or who use their challenges as an
excuse for sub-standard performance usually meet with
an unfortunate "accident" during their fosterage. We do
not accept weaklings into our ranks.

Saining

Once the period of fosterage has passed, the recruit
— provided she survives — undergoes her Saining, a
celebration that combines the formality and dignity of a
military graduation ceremony with the unlicensed rev-
elry of a satyr's ball. A private ceremony, conducted by
the ranking members of the recruit's new household,
takes place at the beginning of the festival. This ritual
results in the revelation of the true name of the new
house member and also indicates whether or not she
bears a special destiny within the house. Immediately
after her Saining ceremony, the new child of Balor
undergoes the Fior-Righ, her final (and sometimes fatal)
ordeal.

Fior-Righ

This test of a new house-member's worth focuses on
the initiate's challenge, forcing her to demonstrate her
ability to overcome or ignore what others might see as an
impediment. Usually this takes the form ofa physical feat
she must accomplish — such as scaling a high wall and
retrieving a token from its summit or swimming a river
against a fast-moving current — in combination with a
duel of arms that tests the new member's military might.
Tests of wit are rarely part of the Fior-Righ of House
Balor. We assume that any recruit who survives to
celebrate her Saining and participate in the Fior-Righ
has demonstrated her possession of ample wit and intel-
ligence to come so far.

Curren Policics

Most of House Balor's political aspirations center
around the War of Rulership. While other fae waste
themselves favoring one side or the other in the question
of who is to rule in High King David's absence, we make
it our business to encourage all sides to battle it out in as
bloody and deadly a fashion as possible. While everyone

The Book of Houses

else engages in this minor squabble, we work to bring on
a cataclysmic war leading to Evernight so we can assume
tulership over all the fae and the people of the Waking
World. When we have it all within our grasp, who's going
to care that David no longer reigns? With the coming of
Endless Winter, the strongest will survive and prosper.
We certainly hope the other fae will expend their energy
in the lesser battle; it'll make it easier for us when we
make our move. Until we are ready to do so, however, we
find that we must declare some allegiance (however
disinterested) to the political impulses shared by the
other fae.

Policical Impulses

Although we like to think of ourselves as a unified
front against the children of the Tuatha and the Seelie
fae in general, we suffer as much from factionalism as do
the other noble houses. Despite our differences of opin-
ion and vision, all political impulses within House Balor
agree on one thing: One day, we shall rule the fae.

* Purists: A small faction among our house, Purists
believe in the ideal of power sharing between Seelie and
Unseelie fae. Few Balor Purists are so foolish as to believe
that, once in power, the Seelie Children of the Tuatha
would ever relinquish their rule. Instead, the Purists of
our house favor the enlistment of our Seelie pretenders to
occupy the thrones of the fae from Beltaine to Samhain.
Thus, we keep it all in the family.

© Repudiators: This faction claims a sizable mem-
bership within our house. Balor Repudiators agree that
the Seelie reign has lasted far too long. The coming of
Evernight will inaugurate an era in which only the
Unseelie can demonstrate the skills and leadership nec-
essary to carry the children of the Dreaming into the
future. Repudiators of House Balor, therefore, see no
need for Seelie survival except as slaves and whipping
boys.

* Ritualists: Balor Ritualists vie with the Repudia-
tors for the majority faction. The importance of reviving
the lost rituals and ceremonies whereby the fae drew
power from the Dreaming and reassert their connection
tothe cycles of the year attract many house members who

One
Vs

KR

> Z LX LLY

KS

x

look to the glories of our pre-Tuatha past. The Ritualists
among us also use their practices and beliefs as a conve-
nient way to secure power within the Shadow Court
without arousing the suspicions of Houses Ailil and
Leanhaun. Little by little, Balor Ritualists seek to restruc-
ture and revise the ceremonies and rites of the seasons to
reflect our fomorian ancestry.

* Modernists: Any Balor who claims to be a Mod-
ernist either lies like a pooka or else suffers from a serious
mental "challenge." Nevertheless, a few members of our
house have insinuated themselves into the Modernist
faction for the sole purpose of winning over the Unseelie
commoners to our cause. Balor Modernists have no
intention of ever really sharing power with the lesser fae,
but we can talk a good line when we need to. Afterall, we
need cannon fodder for the coming battle against the
Seelie.

* Anarchists: A fair number of our younger house
members subscribe to the Anarchist impulse, advocating
the immediate and utter dissolution of the Seelie power
structure. Balor Anarchists serve as our smoke screen,
since the other houses expect us to pursue the course of
random violence espoused by this faction. While most
Balor fae migrate to one of the other impulses after an
initial stint with the Anarchist faction, a few hardcore
agitators keep alive the fagade that we care for little
besides causing havoc and instigating mass destruction.

Those to de Conquered
(Relacions wich Ochers)

Understand that while these are my personal opin-
ions, they accurately represent the feelings of most Balor.
You may not comprehend why we seem so bent on
rulership that weeven discount our allies. Remember,
child of the fomorians, even the other Unseelie houses
are not like us. They too are children of the Tuatha de
Danaan and as such still counted among our enemies.
Never believe their lies. Never bow to their will unless it
serves a greater purpose of our house, and never, never
trust them. And if we cannot trust other fae, how should
we trust other creatures even more alien?

The Unseelie Houses

Of the houses that returned, we have most in com-
monwith AililandLeanhaun. Atleast they are Unseelie,
as we are. Not that that in itself wins them any loyalty
from us, but it does mean they can't stand by and watch
the Seelie try to wipe us out. There aren't enough
Unseelie sidhe for the other Unseelie houses to stand on
their own without our might behind them. In the end,
our erstwhile allies will realize who wields the true power.
For now, we allow them to believe they hold the upper
hand. When our time comes, we will shatter their illu-
sionsand assume our rightful place as the leaders of all fae.

A\ilil

Posturers who play at being bad, most Ailil think too
much of themselves to be taken seriously. Let them warm
the throne and revel in their idiotic power plays for now.
The Ailil delude themselves that they are such great
manipulators; They never notice we "fall for" whatever

they tell us not because we're stupid or unsophisticated,
but because we want them to believe we are less intelli-

gent than we really are. They never suspect that we don't
want to be in charge for now. Funny how such great
manipulators never realize when they're being manipu-
lated.

The Ailil also seem foolishly unaware of House
Balor's true heritage. They discount our claim torulership
and royalty, claiming it for themselves. Do they even
realize that we have fomorian blood? Or do they, as the
Seelie houses do, believe we chose the name of our house
out of spite?

Ailil acts as the undisputed leader of the Unseelie
houses. More than that, they assume leadership of the
Shadow Court. Their plans for Balor are to send us into
any heavy fighting and use us as cannon fodder to gain
their own ends. Do we mind? No. We accept the chal-
lenge as we accept all challenges to our martial abilities.
What we don't countenance is the idea that we do it as
Ailil's stooges. We will fight, but on our own terms and
for our own ends. By the time the battle for supremacy

House Bator

AN

2

"6s

[y en

begins we will be ready to assume control. Our plans will
be in place, dreamers at our command and the remaining
Glamour in the world under our control. Let Ailil try to
order us about under those conditions. We will laugh at
their pretensions. We may allow them some access to
Glamour under controlled conditions — for old times'
sake. They are Unseelie and our supposed allies, after all.

Leanhaun

Ah, the Leanhaun. They believe they are so cul-
tured, so intelligent and tasteful. They play on their
ability to find talent and broker it to interested change-
lings. Although we aren't privy to their plans, I suspect
that's how they intend to survive as Glamour grows more
limited — by trading their expertise to the Seelie in
exchange for their miserable lives should those self righ-
teous fae ever learn House Leanhaun's secret. The cow-
ardly Leanhaun use the other Unseelie houses to cover
their practices and provide muscle to discourage the
Seelie from picking on them. At least the ones who
remember they're Unseelie do. Most of them just pretend
to be Seelie to the extent that they might as well be
Seelie.

The Leanhaun defer to the Ailil, but think we're
nothing but dumb grunts. Still, they're too concerned
that someone will discover their secret (like we didn't
600 years ago!) to dare try anything against us. Sneaky
bastards, though. They hope to use us to shield them-
selves from harm. Like the Ailil, they want us to do their
fighting for them, but have no idea of the war we actually
wage. They would undoubtedly be shocked if they knew
we have plans of our own. In many ways it will be a
pleasure to see the genteel Leanhaun realize who has the
upper hand. They've been less than helpful to either the
Unseelie cause or the Shadow Court except as it suits
their own designs. We'll just see how they fare when we
rule and cut off their Glamour supply unless they serve us
inall things. We aren't so starved for companionship that
we need them. Let them age for a few months and watch
them come crawling to us.

The Book of Houses

Both the Ailil and the Leanhaun would do well to
embrace the opportunities provided by High King David's
disappearance to hone their battle skills and make alli-
ance among various factions and the commoners that
can be used to advantage later. If they don't do so,
however, we certainly aren't going to suggest it to them:
We'll profit from their oversight. Why isit, lwonder, that
makes the Leanhaun and Ailil think we're so dim? Don't
they know that successful soldiers must have a grasp of
tactics to survive?

The Seclie Houses

There are no uncomfortable gray areas to consider
when dealing with the Seelie houses. Unequivocally,
theyare the enemy. IfT had my wish, we would begin even

now to slaughter them and let the Dreaming sort them
out. Notthatwe follow that policy, sodon'tgo onakilling
spree just yet. Until we are ready, we must be patient. We
will spin our webs and let them entrap themselves. Only
when we strike our decisive blow will they realize how we
have set the scene for their destruction. Then Balor's
revenge will be complete.

Dougal

Stodgy and unimaginative outside their forges, Dougal
is probably the most admirable among the Seelie. They
show the most talent and dedication of any other sidhe,
but they are such lapdogs of the Gwydion, they don't
realize their true potential and power. They've always
been too concerned with giving their tinker's toys to
Gwydion to notice that Dougal could rule by virtue of
their weaponry and armor if they chose. Luckily for
Gwydion, Dougal plays things far too honorably for that.
Could we win their support for our cause, we could
benefit both from their skills and their battle knowledge.
Unfortunately, the idea that Dougal might join us is so
ridiculous we might as well wish for Balor himself to rise
from the dead to lead us into Evernight.

Dougal's history supposedly tells their origins as
smiths for Gwydion, who were accorded noble status. |
have a different theory: I believe that Dougal were once
fomorians captured by the Tuatha and forced intoslavery
in the smithy to forge weapons for use against their own
kind. Over the years, they were allowed to interbreed
with lesser sidhe (much as we ourselves did with the
Tuatha). Gradually, after so much time in service to the
Tuatha, they lost their identities as fomorians and took
the name of one of their most talented smiths.

Those who dispute my theory overlook one impor-
tant fact: Every member of House Dougal has some sort
of physical handicap just as we have our challenges.
Unlike us, Dougal fae can compensate for their flaws with
cunningly crafted machines and items. To my mind this
simply means they probably have more Tuathan blood
than fomorian, but how else do you explain their physical
differences except through having the same blood we do?
This is why we so often masquerade as Dougal — both
because it's hard to hide our challenges and because
everyone trusts the fae of House Dougal. Perhaps when
we attain more power, we can approach them and ex-
plain our kinship. If they could be turned to our way of
thinking, they'd make a mighty addition to our armies.

Cituned

The Eiluned often prove as slippery and untrustwor-
thy as the Ailil, their closest kin. I have yet to meet an
Eiluned who wasn't maddeningly smug and obnoxiously
proud of herself for being mysterious. They pride them-
selves on their secrecy and sorcerous talents, believing
this makes them indispensable to other Kithain. It's true
that sorcerers may be needed for now, but their vaunted
powers will wane as Glamour becomes scarcer. Their
only use in combat is as support troops and they seem
blissfully unaware that other changelings can cast cantrips
too. In the end, they'll have to get used to the idea that
physical might will rule over their sorcery. Then we'll tell
them where and how touse their magic. We'll make them
realize how pathetic their pretensions are — a good slap
in the mouth with a mace will shut any sorcerer up.

For now, there are enough Eiluned who profess to be
Unseelie that it makes sense to ally with them and
welcome them to the Shadow Court when necessary.
Other Seelie even suspect the Eiluned who are Seelie of
being up to something, partially because of their close
kinship with Ailil, but also because their secretiveness
brings it down on their own heads. Naturally, any alli-
ances we make with either Seelie or Unseelie Eiluned are
worth exactly as much as theirs are. Given the choice,
they'd choose Ailil over us anyway. Souse them, butkeep
a leash on them. And don't turn your back on them.

Fiona

Such a waste! House Fiona usually produces good
warriors. Certainly, they are the most courageous of the
Seelie houses. That may be because they are a little wilder
than the other Seelie; they actively seem to court danger
and sensation. They are most noted for their torrid love
affairs, but Fiona easily fall prey to overindulgence in
liquor, drugs, revelry, even perversions. That means we
can control them. Supply them with what they need, and
they'll devote themselves to their own downfall while
praising you as their best friend. Recent rumor speaks of
adrug that can control the will of changelings. Ifwe could
find a supply of this drug and addict key members of
House Fiona, we might be able to utilize their battle skills
on the front lines.

On the other hand, we hardly need drugs to control
the Fiona. They become so wrapped up in their lovers,
thata threat to the loved one brings immediate compli-
ance from the weak-minded Fiona. It is said that the only
thing a Fiona fears is the death of a lover. Take such a
lover hostage and you can direct the Fiona as you will, but
make a Fiona love you and there is nothing she won't do
for you — betray her house, the Seelie cause, even her
own self. What an irony!

House Bator


Guiydion

These overly conservative fae are the Seelie houses'
version of the Ailil — at least in so far as being arrogant,
overbearing and convinced they are the only suitable
rulers makes them like Ailil. The comparison stops there.
Where Ailil manipulates others, Gwydion assumes oth-
ers will follow simply because they command it. House
Gwydion claims to be so loyal to the Seelie cause that
house members hunt down and kill Unseelie, a course of
action forbidden by the very code that they purport to
serve! These pretentious snobs claim their right to
tulership through descent from Tuathan kings. Rumor
also says their leader, High Lord Ardanon, claims descent
from the founders of a land called Ardenmore. No such
land has ever been known, leading us all to question the
good high lord's sanity. Amusing! We all know their
penchant for running mad when they are thwarted.
Somewhere along the line, the Gwydions claim Lugh
among their forebears. Perhaps they're our cousins as well
and have inherited the mental challenges some of Balor's
members face. Maybe we ought to explain the relation-
ship to them and watch them squirm.

We have more claim to rulership than ever they did.
Further, we know what being a ruler actually means. We
need only gain the upper hand and we will show them
their errors and crush their foolishness. It is their fault
more than any other that the change of the courts so the
Unseelie may rule the dark half of the year has not
occurred in so long. They will pay for that once we rule.
When they scream for our pleasure, let us see what their
"noble" sentiments of rulership are worth.

Liam

Fools and cowards, the members of House Liam let
the other houses treat them as oath breakers and pariahs
just so they can claim allegiance to the Seelie cause that
hates and distrusts them. And they say we're twisted!
While they have little prowess on the battlefield and

The Book of Houses
>

small talent for sorcery, Liam often show a genius for
scholarship and historical inquiry. If they do not prove
too much of a hindrance to us in our quest for rulership,
we may keep them alive to serve as our chroniclers

The best way to deal with a Liam is to befriend him.
They are so starved for approval, they'll do almost any-
thing to win it. Pretend to trust a Liam, welcome him
home to dinner and you've got a lapdog who'll do your
bidding forever. And if you can't win them over, they're
relatively easy to kill and none of the other houses care
as much about a few dead Liam as they would about one
of their own.

Scachach

Now, they interest us. The Scathach know a lot we
need to learn and they are fabulous warriors. The only
sidhe to remain behind when the Shattering occurred,
they have continuity and an innate understanding of the
changing times that no other noble house can claim. Of
course, this makes them less than sidhe in the eyes of the
other houses. Balor doesn't care if their blood is pure or
not; it's a pure as ours is!

If we could win the Scathach as our allies and show
them the reasoning behind our maneuvering, we could
overthrow the Seelie sooner than anyone believes. Af-
terward, by placing them in positions of power over the
Seelie, we'll give them the revenge they crave for the
others' treatment of them. They'll be so happy with that,
they won't even bother to notice who the true rulers are.
Many of our own Balor kin can be found among the
Scathach, those who tried to stay behind and had to
resort to the same methods as Scathach to survive.
Perhaps we can play on that and reawaken their memo-
ries of their true allegiance. One way oranother, Scathach
will end up serving us; it's just a matter of whether they
do so willingly or under coercion. Now, if we could
discover what else makes them tick besides a craving for
acknowledgment, we'd rule them tomorrow.

The Commoners

House Balor has always appreciated the commoner
fae — especially in jellied sauce or on a bun. In all
seriousness, there are certain commoners who are cur-
rently indispensable to our cause. Others we might as
well eat; they hardly serve any other purpose! The best
that can be said of most commoners is that they don't
arise from Tuatha de Danaan stock. Still, even the most
useless of the non-noble can be turned to our ends. It's all
a matter of setting them against the right opponents.
Now that High King David is no longer here to enforce
the peace in Concordia, we have an unparalleled oppor-
tunity to do just that. We must move quickly to bring
commoners in to our fold while espousing common (if
you'll excuse the pun) cause with them. Once they are no
longer useful as pawns, we can force them into service as
cannon fodder or dispose of them at leisure.

Boggans

Speaking of useless... Seelie boggansare feeble home-
bodies who'll pay almost any price tobe left alone in their
cherished homes. They can be sickening with their love
of routine and penchant for work. They're as bad as
humans! Luckily, they have this weakness for others in
trouble that can be exploited by anyone clever enough to
do so. Even Unseelie boggans can usually be counted on
to help, though they do it in order to get you into their
debt (a practice I heartily recommend for most of us, you
can never have too many people in your debt). We even
employ some of the Unseelie boggans, sending them to
Seelie frecholds where they make themselves indispens-
able and listen to all the gossip. At the right time, we'll
call them back, crippling the everyday running of the
freehold and learning all the Seelies' secrets at the same
time. Though they don't acknowledge the relationship,
boggans are related to boggarts, but we'll talk about these
twisted cousins under the Thallain.

Eshu

House Balor takes in a lot of Eshu who are tired of
being treated like servants. We give them the title of
nobles and princes that other sidhe deny them and let

them wander wherever they will to spread tales of our
prowess and fearsomeness. Some eshu aren't too bad on
the battlefield either, and their command of the Wayfare
Art is unequaled, giving us great advantage in tactical
situations.

While we are more than willing to grant them titles,
we provide those who swear allegiance to us with some-
thing even more dear to them: adventure. Give an eshu
an interesting path to follow, a challenging game of
chance, information that leads them tosomething they've
never seen before, or a great story they can adapt and
they'll eat right out of your hands. So longas they believe
they will share in the leadership once the Unseelie rule,
they'll remain our pawns. If they're disappointed that
their principalities fail to materialize, well... the redcaps
would be happy to help us hold a feast in their honor, a
feast even the eshu would have to admit would be...
interesting.

Nockers

Changelings after our own hearts, nockers are rude,
crude, socially unacceptable, and don't care who knows
it or who they insult. You have to give them credit, it
takes a lot of courage to face up to some of the more
powerful Kithain and curse them for everything from
their looks to their ancestry with suggestions for perform-
ing anatomically impossible exercises thrown in for good
measure. They aren't the best in battle, but give me some
well-crafted nocker weapons, armor and inventions and
Pll carve out an empire.

Lately, we've begun experimenting with letting
nockers build us fortress-workshops in the Dreaming.
They serve as strongholds, forges and craft shops for us
where the nockers have free reign to be as inventive as
they like. They've been working on special treasures that
allow us to control the Fell and on creating weapons for
our upcoming war with the Seelie. We've been able to
amass quite a stockpile due to the workshops, and we'll
undoubtedly build more. So long as we praise their work
and give them space and materials to play with, the
nockers will remain our devoted servants.

Pooka

Most pooka act like fluffy idiots unless they're the
kind who become something useful in battle. These lying
pranksters cause havoc unless tightly controlled. Even
the Unseelie variety are intolerable unless sent to play
their pointless games elsewhere — preferably among the
Seelie Courts. They know nothing of military discipline
or of serious attempts to gain ascendancy in the world.

On the other hand, they sometimes make amusing
pets; Trap them in animal form and never let them be in
a position when someone's not watching them. This can
provide endless hours of entertainment as you watch
them squirm and maneuver to find a way out of their

predicament. It's even more fun to pretend you don't
realize they are anything but animals and make plans how
to cook them for dinner in their presence. It's also
amusing to require a pooka to tell you the absolute truth
—orelse. [havea charming collection of pooka tongues
from those who just couldn't do it to save theit lives —
literally

Redcaps

Ah, the clean-up crew! Redcaps make great shock
troops in battle and they eat all those pooka parts I don't
want to keep around. Most Kithain, Seelie or Unseelie,
don't really want redcaps around. Ugly and disgusting,
redcaps have such a bad attitude that they don't have to
be as tough as trolls to cause fear in others. And their
dining habits could make vampiric cannibals barf. Just
our kind of changelings! We employ a great number of
redcaps, letting them run in gangs in Seelie territory. We
train them at our strongholds in the Dreaming to act as
the vanguard of our armies.

‘We've made a promise to the redcaps that if they
serve us faithfully, when we rule we will give them an
entire kingdom of their own that they can rule as they see
fit. We've promised them that they can elect their own
king, do with the mortals in their area as they like, and do
whatever else they want with that territory. Further,
we've agreed to supply them with Glamour when that
commodity becomes too scarce for easy harvesting. How
could they resist that? They flock to our banners, more of
them signing on every day.

The Book oF Houses

Of course, we will keep our word to them — we've
sworn it with potent oaths. But we didn'tpromise we'd do
anything to keep them alive during — or after — the
fighting. We'll award them their kingdom, we may even
give them access to some Glamour, but we don't expect
a large number of them to be alive to enjoy it, and we
never said we wouldn't attack and wipe them out once we
kept our initial promise.

Sacyrs

Passionate and volatile, satyrs enjoy nothing so much
as revelry and abandon. Good. We can certainly under-
stand their baser desires, for we share them. In fact, many
ofus like! keeping sacyrs as sex slaves in our own holdings.
Having one or two attentive bedmates under your con-
trol helps relieve tension after battle. | highly recom-
mend it. Of course, satyrs tend to be incredibly moody, so
it paye'to control chien theough access v6 drigsor liquor.
When they aren't keeping your bed warm, they can
entertain you with songs or musical instruments. In a
pinch, they can even serve as soldiers. They have a lot of
endurance, if not much skill in martial pursuits. Overall,
a few satyr servants can make life much more pleasant.

The main drawback with satyrs is their fascination
with lore. They're reputed to be great scholars. So what?
If] wanted their opinion, I'd give it to them. You may feel
differently. Some members of Balor use satyrs to do
research for them. Personally, I allow my satyrs access to
whatever tomesoflore they want to pursueso longas they
tell me what they're researching, Who knows? They
might stumble across something useful. They don't lie to
me, either — it's far too painful for them if they try.

Stuagh

These sneaky little gobblers make my flesh crawl. It
isn't their looks so much. Pasty faced and toothless, if
they weren'tso obviously from Russian dreams, we might
suspect they'd crossed with fomorians somewhere along
the line. It's something else, something indefinable.
Sluagh have only one saving grace: They make great
espionage agents. They can crawl in any tiny hole to
listen to secrets or squeeze through small cracks to steal

treasures.

wy

Lipa SIOIIR

eas


Unfortunately, they can't be coerced or bribed into
working exclusively for us. They don't even have any
loyalty to the Unseelie or Shadow Court rather than the
Seelie one. Their information network can be useful, but
it goes both ways — they're justas likely tosell our secrets
to interested parties as they are to broker Seelie secrets to
us. Obviously, we can't allow that.

Go ahead and employ cherii to get what you want,
then feel free to dispose of them before they turn on you
and sell you out to someone else. And don't feel bad about
gaining pleasure from it. A good torture session might
even garner more information from them. Don't be shy,
it's easy to be creative! For example, they stink normally,
but if you really want to smell something foul, try boiling
one in oil some time.

Trolls

Ihave no use for Seelie trolls. They've sold their
strength for Seelie acceptance. They allow themselves to
be bound by oaths to protect the very people who usurped
their positions in the world after running away for six

centuries. Unseelie trolls | understand, and House Balor

knows what they really want. We know they desire an
excuse for battle, blood and mayhem. They want to crush
the ruling sidhe and take back the freeholds stolen from
them. They labor under the same righteous anger that we
do — the fury of the conqueror denied his rightful
rewards.

y, give them free rein and let them cause havoc!
The only difficulty with this is thatsome are too stupid to
realize we aren't like the other sidhe and they strike
against us too. That's why it's so important for us to
recruit the ones we can use. Hands down, an Unseelie
troll is the best warrior on any battlefield so long as he's
under the command of a gifted general. We know how to
direct all that anger and strength and use it to best
advantage. That means we have to convince the trolls to
place themselves under our command and bind them to
us. For now that entails making promises to them and
allowing them the leeway to wreak havoc on their
personal enemies. Once they're in deep enough and

bound to us by unbreakable oaths, we can rein them in.
For now, let them do our dirty work for us and terrorize
the Seelie while they're at it.

The Thallain

Our relationship with the Thallain is one of the best
keptsecrets of our house. More so than even the Unseelie
kith, the Thallain have desires and feelings similar to
ours. For one thing, few of them have any more sympathy
for humans than we do. Granted, many of them actually
prey upon mortals and even eat them on occasion, but
you have to expecta little excess from creatures who have
no Seelie nature at all. True, some of the Thallain are less
than bright and many are all but uncontrollable. Still, we
find them useful.

Individual Thallain occasionally work for the
Unseelie, especially members of the Shadow Court who
are unlikely to turn them in. Most other fae see them as
monsters and either hunt them or try to drive them out.
They aren't given the benefit of protection under the
Escheat, meaning any fae can kill them on sight with
impunity. We feel differently about the Thallain, so we
take advantage of the other faes' blindness. We welcome
them, providing them with what they want and need in
exchange for their allegiance.

Forsome time now, we have been recruiting Thallain.
We have an entire army made up of nothing but Thallain,
with their own companies made up of their own kind and
commanded by their own leaders. Naturally, members of
House Balor take overall command of this kill-crazy
group. For the most part, the army serves as a tool of
terror. We don't expect them to make more than a small
dent in the Seelie armies. Their real value is to divert
attention from our better-trained warriors, allowing them
to win the day while the Seelie panic at the thought of
going against a force of Thallain.

Ss

RZ

(-


The Gallain

We don't know or care too much about most of the
Gallain. Most have little to do with court intrigue and no
real interest in who's in control. Since they don't care
what we do, we have no interest in them. That said, there
are afew exceptions. Among them are two groups of Kith
we claim as kin, and another that interests us because of
their place of origin — Hibernia, which has always been
of concern to us.

Clurichaun

Native to Hibernia, the clurichaun have always
scived onthe periphen/ oF Meeouiaey. Unless you really
piss them off — and get them drunk as skunks —
clurichaun aren't much use on the battlefield. They are
fairly handy at singing scathing songs and berating rulers
who fail to meet their standards, which no doubt bothers
the Seelie a lot. While we get a good laugh out of that, it
really isn't very effective in the long run. The clurichaun
habit of collecting things interests us much more. Most
of them collect useless, stupid objects, but a few specialize
tet teeens we mila like' to wequirel Such a& weapanty oF
treasures. We could care less about the clurichaun them-
selves; bur we're mare than happy te relieve chen ofthiels
collections whenever we find one worth taking.

Selkie

The selkie arose from the same ancestry as we did.
Bom of Balor's daughterand her Tuathan lover Cian, the
second born of the triplets became the first selkie. Legend
says Manannan Mac Lir turned her into aseal. When she
wished toassumeahumanlike form again, she had tostrip
away her pelt to do so. Ever after, the selkie had to don
their sealskins whenever they wanted to become seals,
and remove them to change back. We don't know if this
is because of their fomorian blood or not.

We acknowledge out kinship with the selkie. Some
of them acknowledge us in return. Others deny any
knowledge of their origins. One of our primary tasks in
the Parliament of Dreams is to agitate to award the selkie
noble status equal to that of the sidhe. Since the Seelie
don't really believe that we're fomorians, however, it's
impossible for them to acknowledge that the selkie are
our first cousins.

The Book of Houses:

Whatever the Seelie believe, we have enough selkie
on our side to provide us with hidden bases along sea
coasts and in undersea caves. Even now, we train Special
Forces there who will join our armies at the proper time,
catching both Seelie and Shadow Courts unaware in
flanking maneuvers from the sea.

(Der-Folk

Our other cousins, the mer-folk, prove even more
difficult to pin down than the selkie. If the selkie exist on
the periphery of Kithain life, the mer-folk practically
shun italtogether. That may be because they exist almost
exclusively in the water. Unlike the selkie, who take up
lives on the land when not in seal form, the mer-folk
build undersea castles and forts. They are able to confer
the ability to breathe underwater on those to whom they
give special treasures, allowing us to visit and stay with
them.

Like our forces with the selkie, we have operatives
who spend much of their time among the mer-folk.
Rather than preparing for warfare, though, we use these
bases as hideouts for our more notorious members.
Strangely, the mer-folk often prove more warlike than
the selkie and some have offered to join our forces.
Obviously, we've accepted. We also strive to have the
Parliamentof Dreams acknowledge the mer-folk asnobles,
but if they're reticent about the selkie, they don't under-
stand about the mer-folk at all. In both cases, we hope to
eventually use the Seelies' prejudice against our kin to
bring them fully into our plans.

The Prodigals

We're somewhat ambivalent about the prodigals.
The usual theory runs that prodigals used to be fae once
upon a time, but time and circumstance conspired to
change them. The prodigals don't subscribe to that
theory, but we aren't interested in their point of view
most of the time anyway, with one exception — the
Dancers.

"6s

MM Rp a a TS ee


Children of Lilich

Such a fanciful name for leeches. Most Kithain know
little of these bloodsuckers, though we've all heard the
tale that they sprang from a blood-crazed redcap cursed
by the Dreaming. We aren't most Kithain. Personally I
could care less if they were once redcaps. Their value now
lies in the Dark Glamour they exude and in their poten-
tial as allies. The ones House Balor know best are from a
political faction of theirs called the Sabbat. Some of the
Sabbat's activities remind us of our more aggressively
anti-human members. Apparently, they have their own
household groups, too, and we have engaged in limited
cooperation with the house known as The Shadows. You
haven't tasted really Dark glamour until you've run with
apack of vampires. They take the victim's blood; We get
the victim's fear and pain. Curiously, once the vampire
bites her victim, the quarry seems to surrender toa state
like bliss or orgasm. Someday, I'll have to invite one of
the Children of Lilith home with me and experiment
with that. Meanwhile, we apparently have similar goals.
More close contact is needed before we fully integrate
them into our plans, however.

Werewolves

You've got to give them credit. These creatures are
bad motherfuckers in a fight. They're ranked among the
Prodigals, too, although I cannot even imagine how they
might be related to pooka. They live for battle, but most
of them fight against their idea of a god of destruction
they call the Worm. I think we're on the other side. Since
some of them, who call their family the Fiona, are
apparently related to House Fiona, | feel fairly confident
they'd be Seelie given a choice. Pity.

There is one tribe, the Dancers, who shared a kin
group with us long ago. Both of us used the Picts as
breeding stock. At one point, the werewolves descended
into a great pit to battle this Worm-god the other
werewolves fear and hate so. Instead of defeating the
darkness, they came to know it and serve it. We got ona
lot better with them after that. When we left for Arcadia,
we lost track of them, but since our return, we've been
making alliances with them and exchanging fosterlings.
Our house leader was fostered in a Dancer labyrinth, in

fact, and gained a unique perspective from it. We have a
common goal: We both seek to bring on the Evernight,
which they see as the time of the Worm's ascendancy
over Mother Earth. Bring it on!

Human and Near Human

You may have gathered by now that we have little
respect for humans. Their petty stupidity cost us much in
the past and we have not forgotten that. Nonetheless, the
idea that we wish to wipe them out is ludicrous. We
merely wish to turn their talents (such as they are) to our
use. We have no problem with having humans as slaves.
There are two types of humans who may prove a little
more difficult than the run-of-the-mill type: ghosts and
witches.

Sons of Adam, Daughcers of Cve

This stupid name for humans was no doubt coined by
some Seelie moron who thought it sounded romantic. As
Ithink I've made clear, humans are only good for produé
ing Glamour and they'd better give us what we want
when we want it. We have little patience for those who
can't — or won't — produce. Then again, difficult
humans are at least good for target practice or honing
one's skills at torture.

Ghoscs

Most fae ask themselves, "Is there any use to these
whining pulers?" We know better. While it isn't easy to
interact with these animate spirits, some of our more
daring members have forged tentative alliance with a
few. Most ghosts come from discontented humans who
have died before finishing some pointless task they ap-
pointed themselves in life. Their loss; our gain. We point
out the most creative and brightest of the Seelie to the
faction known as Sleeping Sandmen, who strip away our
enemies' Glamour while they sleep. What a perfect
attack on those we despise! We each get what we want
since the wraiths apparently need Glamour to fuel their
existence. Granted, we don't exactly understand how
that works, but we've learned enough to begin the
Waybuilder's Corp. You've already heard about them.


We just wish we could establish better contact with
those we've sent to the lands of shadow so we would know
if they are successful or not. For now, communication is
sporadic at best and held hostage to the goodwill and
desire of the wraiths. If we are to continue working with
them, we need to find some way to entrap them and force
them to speak with us whenever we wish. Having to bow
to the whims of a disembodied spirit is almost as intoler-
able as putting up with the Seelie Court.

Wiicches

These humans can present us with some serious
problems. They apparently possess the power to change
reality to some extent. The good part about that is that
if they get too ambitious with their changes, they burn
out and end up vegetables or they die. Naturally, we were
familiar with mages in the olden days. In fact, many
fomorians possessed magical powers. We became aware

of mages again soon after we returned. Thus far, we have
been cautious about dealing with them. We have watch-
ers secretly monitoring a few that we've identified. Ap-
parently, they're divided into two courts like we are.
Some of them seem a lot more banal than others. I've
heard rumors (passed along by our spies) that certain
wizards may be looking for changelings to experiment
upon. Well, we warned the Seelie long ago that they
should comply with our ideas on the right of rescue and
secrecy. It would certainly be a pity if the Seelie found
themselves placed in the paths of the mages who want
them as lab rats, wouldn't it?

Fomori

Soon ‘after we retumed to the Waking World, we
contacted the beings called fomori. Naturally, we as-
sumed these were our kin who had survived through the
snaeeven ag cen turles! Manyof them'eviniged the sane
sorts of "deformities" as the ancient fomorians. These
disfigurements even conferred certain advantages or pow-
gon choee who poleesed them. Ieseemedthac we might
learn from them how to empower ourselves and use our
challenges as Balor of the Evil Eye once did. We have

spent much of our time since our return making alliances
with the fomori. In recent months, we have become
aware that the beings called fomori are probably not the
remnants of our lost kin, but some sort of hybrid of human
and something else. Exactly what that something else is
we aren't certain. What does seem true is that many
fomori either work for or associate with a conglomerate
known as Pentex and that most werewolves hate fomori
and kill them on sight.

vA
72) 140 The Book of Houses

Yas

eae


Since the fomori seem powerful, we don't regret we'll continue the alliance and hope we can learn the
allying with them, but we must now send agents to _ secrets behind empowering what others perceive as dis-
discover the truth behind the fomori's existence and _ abilities. Ifthese beings have, in fact, been engineered in
whether the alliance will be to our advantage in theend. some fashion, perhaps we can do so ourselves using
Not that we are above using them and discarding them human subjects or turn those already in existence to our
now that we know they aren't really ourkin. Meanwhile, own service.

Balor Deformicies

Unlike Flaws that award additional points in character creation, the deformities that afflict
members of House Balor confer no rewards whatsoever. They serve, instead, as the inherent
weakness of House Balor and should cause characters some discomfort or difficulty that affects
their interactions with other characters. Balor fae are taught to regard these deformities as
challenges, difficulties that cannot be overcome with prosthetics or other quick fixes. Instead,
each changeling is expected to find ways to compensate for her"challenge" and emerge stronger
for having done so. A few physical and mental flaws, however, seem particularly appropriate
for Balor sidhe. Storytellers may allow their players to choose from among these suggestions in
order to accentuate the particular characteristics of members of House Balor.

Balor's Gleam

Your eyes glow with a baleful red light, not unlike the legendary beam of destruction
attributed to the founder of House Balor. Although this appears sinister and foreboding, the
perpetual redness only serves to make the eyes extremely sensitive to both natural and artificial
light. You usually don dark glasses to venture outside, even on the dimmest days. Others who
know of your condition refuse to meet your eyes and often conduct their business with you while

standing outside your direct line of sight.

Arms of Lugh

You exhibit unnaturally long arms, giving you a somewhat awkward appearance. No matter
how straight you stand, you always appear stooped because your hands extend below your knees.
This problem makes it difficult for you to use standard weapons and sometimes proves
cumbersome in other activities — such as driving cars or using other devices built for
individuals with an "average" reach. Finding clothing that fits also presents complications. It's
the little things that count, and your extra-long arms give you a lot of "little things" to
overcome.

Selkie Skin

Your skin bears a thin coating of downy fur, not unlike that of a seal. Although this layer
affords you no protection from water or the elements, it does cause you inordinate discomfort
in hot weather. In addition, you have a hard time concealing your pelt. Even in your mortal
guise, you appear hirsute to the extreme. While shaving can alleviate the problem partially, you
can never wholly hide your natural fur coat, which grows back in a matter of hours. Talk about
five o'clock shadow!

Serpent's Tongue

Like the serpent that twines around the tower depicted in your house blazon, your tongue
forks slightly at the tip. You speak with a lisp or else hiss noticeably when pronouncing certain
words. Unless you want others to stare at you, you usually keep your mouth shut or else learn
to talk between clenched teeth.

House Balor 141


Over the years, we have made it our policy to find and
keep as many treasures as possible so that we will have
their aid when the final battle comes. A selection of

treasures unique to House Balor find depiction here.
Some among them rest in the keeping of the Royal
Guardians; others are in use among our kin even now.

Balors Cryscal Cye

When the great Balor of the Evil Eye fell in battle, a
quick-thinking warrior-priest of the fomorians plucked
out his shattered eye and encased it in a crystal in which
the fluids of a healing well were stored. It was his hope to
save and restore the eye so it might once again be used as
a weapon against the Tuatha and their children. For
centuries, the eye has lain dormant. With the advent of
the red star we call the Eye of Balor that has become
visible within the Dreaming, the Royal Guardians sent
one of their number to carry the eye to a protected spot
and bathe it in the rays of the star. With that, the eye
began to glowa dull red, just as it was rumored to do in the
past. Great heat is held at bay only by the crystal encasing
the eye. The Guardians believe that Balor's Eye is once
again functional and capable of inflicting enormous
damage on myriad foes from its heat and light. They also
think that it will only become of use once it is implanted
in someone's empty eye socket. While early speculation
centered on High Lord Li-Tili as the most probable
wielder, many Guardians now question that, pointing
out that the eye is supposed to be given only to Cathal
Reborn. The truth of the matter and the eye's powers will
be revealed only when the proper conditions are met.
Until then, both the high lord and his senior officers all
seem reluctant to pluck out an eye to test the theories.

Blood Dross

The Masters of the Dance have discovered away that
the Children of Lilith with whom they associate can
provide them with an unusual type of Dark Glamour.
While drinking vampiric blood usually afflicts change-
lings with Banality, under certain circumstances, it can
instead confer Glamour upon them. By taking afew drops
of blood from the types of vampires known as madmen

Der. The Book of Houses

when they evidence their full-blown madness or Torea-
dors while they are engaged in some artistic pursuit, the
Masters create what is called Blood Dross. The blood is
stored in tiny rounded vials made of crystallized sugar,
which are then coated with aslightly harder shell to hold
in the resulting liquid. Several beads can be stored
together in a protective box for up to a month without
losing their potency. Each bead consumed givesachange-
ling the equivalent of one point of Glamour.

System: Though Glamour garnered through Blood
Dross can be used to power any cantrip (though no more
than two successes can be thus gained), they are most
useful for cantrips that harm or deceive someone else
(can be used to full number of potential successes). Blood
Dross has the side effect of making the user more favor-
ably inclined toward the vampire whose blood he con-
sumed.

Sceaming Spear (Vengeance)

Long ago, Lugh Long-Arm used a magical spear to
put out Balor's eye. In response to that, we have been
constructing a return blow for whoever rules the Seelie
when the war comes. Known as the Steaming Spear of
Vengeance, it utilizes a spearhead similar to Balor's bane
Wound about with powerful enchantments, the spear is
filled with anger that makes it a blood-seeker. "Ven-
geance" is so powerful that its head must be kept im-
mersed in water lest its heat melt whatever touches it.
The shaft of the weapon must be kept chained to a
weighted manacle sunk deep into stone to prevent it from
flying off in search of prey to kill.

System: Intended to be used by House Balor's great-
est champion, the spear can be controlled by the will of
its wielder (Willpower roll, difficulty 6, difficulty 7 for
other Unseelie; difficulty 8 for any Seelie). Damage from
the spear equals Strength + 6 Ieconfers upam those who
wield it the equivalent of an Oakenshield cantrip with six
successes.


The Cauldron of Fear

Constructed long ago and kept as a house secret
during the Interregnum, the Cauldron of Fear is a large
black cauldron that looks vaguely rusty. When set over a
fire and filled with stagnant water, it exudesa fine, almost
invisible mist that wafts across a great hall or battlefield
with the prevailing winds. Wherever the mist travels,
those caught within it suddenly feel wracking fear enter
their hearts. The bravest knights, the most honorable
opponents flee headlong, often dropping their weapons
and whatever else they carry in their haste to be gone.
The main drawback to using the cauldron is that the
wind might change direction, catching those using it in
a backlash.

System: Only those succeeding ina Willpower roll
(difficulty 9) can remain in the vicinity of the mist, and
they fight with a penalty as though they were at the
Wounded level. The effects of the mist last for half an
hour and once someone has succumbed to the mist, she
must remain away from its vicinity for the full time

Glass Forcresses

Balor has used our presence in the Dreaming to
construct fortre rongholds for ourselves. Fashioned by
nockers, they serve as forges, craft shops, castles and
armories for those loyal to House Balor. When we first
unleash the Evernight upon the Waking World, Balor's
forces will retreat to these havens to ride out the worst of
the initial effects.

Each castle is of slightly different design (there is no
way different nockers will follow another nocker's de-
sign), but all/are-constructed of'a glasslike:substance
found in that part of the Dreaming that is home to the
Fell. Brought to our chosen sites in a liquid state, it is
shaned in.a manner-similar.<o-glase blowing' into the
structure of the fortress: Once shaped, the liquid glass
dries into aclear, almost unbreakable substance stronget
than steel and extremely slick. Attempts to climb the

walls are, thus, thwarted and landings atop the towers
prove treacherous except in those places covered by
thick carpeting. Except in certain areas, internal walls
and flooring are constructed of more normal materials,
allowing us to move about without slipping.


Balors Famous and Infa-
mous

The Anciencs

Balor of the Evil Eye and Lugh Long-Arm have
already been discussed. They are mentioned again so that
Balor's true descendants will never forget their heritage.
Balor's ferocity and valor caused humans to regard our
cod wilrawe: and-te treat uswith seqpeck Wh ho
death, humans lost their respect for the fae and became
demanding, leading to the Sundering. We must always
remember Balor's policies of rule with an iron fist and
bring it back intopractice: As for liugh; thoogh he is our
direct ancestor, we regard him as a traitor to the house.
Even today, we search for signs in those born of Balor that
Lugh has reincarnated. Whenever we find signs that
point to that possibility, the child is taken and watched.
Should he evince attitudes detrimental to House Balor,
the child is killed. We will not submit ourselves to the
Tuatha ever again!

High Lord Li-Titi

House Balor's ranking member, High Lord Li-Tili
was born and raised in a hive of Dancers, among whom
his mother took refuge. Born with only one eye, the child
was hailed by the house as especially favored by Balor of
the Evil Eye. Though raised among the Dancers, he was
tutored by many of the finest minds of our house. When
he was ready, he claimed his throne by taking charge of

Balor's forces. Beginning in Hibernia, he seized control
from local lords and expanded his control outward until
he attained the rank of high lord by right of defeating any
who challenged his position.

Soon after he had secured his title, Li-Tili set off on
a quest into the Dreaming, supposedly to attempt to
locate and recover the treasures of Cathal. In actuality,
though he did succeed in gathering those treasures to-
gether and entrusting them to the care of the Royal
Guardians, Li-Tili's real purpose in his travels lay in
seeking a secure fortress for himself. This, he found
beneath the waters off Hibernia's western coast. There
Li-Tili resides with his private guard of Dancers. Loyal
only to him, these werewolf bodyguards make certain
that no one approaches the high lord without his express
permission.

Lately, many members of our house have come to
believe that Bedlam has caught up with the high lord and
that the time for a new leader has arrived. Some of us
believe that the ritual sacrifice of Li-Tili may, in fact,
provide the seminal event to catalyze the coming of

Evernight. Attempts to come close enough to evaluate
whether assassination is our best option have met with
failure thus far — either because Li-Tili actually retains
his sanity and fighting prowess or due to the Dancer
bodyguards who are known to feast upon those who
displease the high lord

Lady Gichlinn of che Gleaming Eyes,
Head of Securicy

Despite the eerie red gleam that emanates from her
eyes, many of us account Lady Eithlinn as the most
beautiful of all the women of our house. Certainly, she
leads thie fist of earlvlew seneralstn Hes eapneinyae head
of security for House Balor. A master of disguise as well
ai ai. epoeb tse Forms GF Sqpionape anid Aurveillanee,
‘s of Balor;
thus, she knows the most intimate secrets not only of our
house but of the other fae houses as well. Her memory for
detail and her ability to recall entire conversations serve
her well when itcomes to planning covertstrikes and acts

Lady Eithlinn serves as the leader for the E;

of sabotage, which she places in the capable hands of
Lady Moya, the redeap who leads the house's assassina-

tion squads and sabotage teams.

Sequestered most of the time in her fortress high in
the Adirondack Mountains in the Kingdom of Apples,
Lady Eithlinn occasionally travels to other parts of
Concordia — always in disguise — to pay official visits to
other house notables. Most members of our house feel

slightly ill at ease in her presence, for she seems to know

even the best-kept secrets. Once in a while, her visits

coincide with the unexplained disappearance of one of
her "hosts." No one has dared suggest that she uses the
laws of hospitality as an excuse to get close enough to her
enemies to remove them, but the suspicion remains and
accounts for many sleepless nights among the leaders of
Balor freeholds. A charge of treason made by Lady
Bithlinn against any of our house almost certainly results
in the death penalty, with or without a trial.

Within her fortress, Lady Eithlinn reportedly keeps
abevy of human slaves— male and female —toserve her
voracious sexual appetite and proclivity for causing pain.
Many interrogation techniques used by her agents come
from practice sessions using her Enchanted humans as

guinea pigs.

Lord Raghnall, "The Dancemascer

Despite his lack of a left hand, Lord Raghnall has
more than proven his worth as a warrior and leader
within the house. His position as head of the Masters of
the Dance serveshim well in his capacity as general of the
Foreign Guard. In fact, Lord Raghnall spends more time
with the Prodigals than he does with other fae, causing
him to demonstrate some peculiar mannerisms. He has
been known to break into wild bursts of howling at the
full moon, a habit derived from his association with
various groups of Dancers. He hasalso acquireda taste for
drinking blood, something he learned from his allies
among the Children of Lilith.

Raghnall lives ina high rise penthouse in the suburbs
of Chicago. From his Midwestern freehold, he oversees
the ranks of Prodigal allies who have pledged themselves
to join Balor's fight against the Children of the Tuatha in
return for Balor's assistance in their own versions of
Doomsday. Whether or not Raghnall intends on fulfill-
ing his obligations remains unclear. Many of us believe
that The Dancemaster waits to see whether or not the
arrival of Evernight precedes the cataclysms of the
werewolves or vampires before he commits any house
troops to foreign struggles

Mg

w Lord Grodolf, Commoner General
b

>

Ms

Lord Grodolf is the troll commander of the com-
moner army of Balor. Born into a well to do German
family, Grodolf was uncommonly large and strong even

at a very early age. To the Eye of Balor stationed at a

nearby Seelie freehold, it was obvious the child was

destined to become a troll who would be of great value
and use to the ruling court. Just before his Chrysalis, Lady

Tangiria gave up her cover story as an Eiluned, kid-

napped the young boy and fled with him via trods held
open for her by the Guardians of the Gates. She arrived
at the freehold of Ebonmere, then occupied by High Lord

Li-Tili's protégé, Lord Zurtok. As liaison to the common-
ers for House Balor, Zurtok took the child under his wing
and taught him tactics and warfare. Tangiria stayed with
the boy long enough for him to become accustomed to his

new life, then was reassigned.

To keep the lad from Bedlam, Lord Zurtok sent him
to regular sessions in military school and survival camp.
Grodolf grew as strong and tough as his young physique
s. His

strength and stamina are legendary, his weapons train-

hinted he might, becoming a troll among trol

ing in both ancient and modern weapons prodigious,
and his grasp of tactics and propaganda unparalleled

- Grodolf assumed command of

among commoner nobl

the commoner army last year when a Gwydion extremist
assassinated Lord Zurtok. The troll has promised to
avenge his mentor a hundred fold.

Lady CDoya, "Hand of Vengeance'

Born into one of the commoner families living under
the rule of House Balor, Moya grew up with the advan-
tage of a thorough education in Unseelie politics and
weapons training. She first served as an aide-de-camp to
Lady Eithlinn, who experimented with recruiting com-
moners into the Eyes of Balor. Though a few commoners,
such as eshu and sluagh, managed to win places among
the Eyes, many seemed unable to fit their personalities
into their roles as members of the Seelie houses to which
they were assigned. They were too eager to draw blood to
patiently gather information that might or might not be
useful. Moya suggested that their talents be turned to
other pursuits.

Vicious as a rabid dog, Moya took over the training
of those agents unsuited to becoming moles, schooling
them toserve as strike teams instead. When Eithlinn saw
Moya's success,

she obtained permission to make the
redcap head of black ops for House Balor. The ruling
council approved the plan'and ennobled Moya to in-
crease her standing among her recruits. Working closely
with Lady Bithlinn, Lady Moya and her team perform

covert strikes and acts of sabotage. The elite within black
ops perform assassinations of Balor's "most wanted" e1

emies. Lady Moya performs many of these personally and

oversees all interrogation sessions of kidnapped Seelie
nobles. Like her patron, Lady Eithlinn, Moya revels in
causing pain to her foes and collects souvenirs from each
—an ear here, a finger there. Occasionally, however, she
goes so far overboard that even hardened members of her
black ops team wonder ifshe still retains her sanity. Then
again, she is a redcap.

Cachal

House Balor began with Cathal, the son of Lugh,
grandson of Balor of the Evil Eye. Cathal led the house
(50 it is said) for over one hundred years while we
es among the children of the Tuatha.

established ourselv.
During that time, Cathal is said to have made certain
pledges to the Dreaming in return for power and the

protection ofhis line. One such pledge was that the house
and all its members would remain steadfastly Unscelic
Thus would our role in the pageant always be fulfilled. To
us, the role is that of the consummate hero — brave
warriors for individual rights and the redressing of wrongs
against our people — while to the Scelie, we are the
villains of the story.

It is said that King Cathal sought and found many
powerful treasures that he held in trust against the day
when Balor would be strong enough to overthrow the
He is also rumored to be the last of
Ihe to have powers associated with

other noble hous:

the fomorian-born s
his "deformity." Many have claimed that Cathal was
perfect physically, but given to fits similar to grand mal
seizures. During these fits, however, he was able to look
into the future and predict what would happen if people
followed a certain course of action. Whenever a seizure
took him, a strange circular red design would appear on
his forehead, in the position mystics attribute to the third
eye.

Assassins from House Eiluned working on behalf of
House Gwydion killed him when his popularity threat-
ened their rule. Cathal had predicted his own death and
took care to hide the mighty treasures so they would
never fall to the Seelie. They have been a sacred trust of
the Royal Guardians ever since.

House Balor's most cherished lore teaches that Cathal
Evernight

will return to lead us in the final days before
occurs. His battle wisdom, puissant skills in sorcery and
charisma will make him known to us at the right time.
Our ritualists say that Cathal shall be reborn when a red
star known as Balor's Eye appears in the heavens in the

Dreaming. Thus shall we know that we will soon be at
war. Such a star is now rumored to be seen nightly in
certain areas of the Dreaming. If that is true, Cathal must
even now be among us, waiting to take up the reins of

leadership and crush the Children of the Tuatha forever.


Ny Fell Rider of House Bator

y Quote: You don't want to doit, fine. Just get out of my

§

CTY,
1S

(2
(

2)
a) Never refuse a challenge. Look for sensation and ex-

\s
x

A

MW)

ww

Wa Background: You never knew your parents very

FE

>)

"») Some of the house members look with dissatisfac-

n Whatever. It's the thrill of trying something new that

a do whatever you like, so much the better.

=)
ON satisfying as overcoming a seemingly impos-
vA
=)

wa) for the Fell, extreme sports gear
2)
uy

2)
2) 148 The Book of Houses

way!

well. They were always gone and you learned how to
make it on your own. Not that you cared about them.
You always felt that you were somehow different, stron-
ger than your parents, even though they made such a
fuss about your lack of toes on your right foot. Even the
stupid brace and special shoe couldn't correct the limp
and the unbalanced feeling. But you learned to cope.
When you were barely old enough to cut school you
learned your true nature and left home. Your new family
welcomed you, taught you about your forebears and
trained you in fae magic and warfare. Best of all, several
younger changelings accepted you into their group —a
clique of daredevils who put their lives on the line and
perform outrageous deeds in the name of sneering at
their so-called "deformities." You loved your initiation
when the group took you into the Dreaming itself and
you tracked and caught one of the Fell. When you rode
the beast as it carried you on a hellish ride through the
Dreaming, trying to dislodge you, ready toslay you inan
instant if it succeeded, you'd never felt so alive.

tion on your clique, but the real movers and shakers
know who you are and call on you to undertake their
most dangerous assignments for the good of the house.

attracts you. If it also helps your house and brings the
day closer when Balor will rule the world and you can

Roleplaying Hints: Look them straight in the eye

and let them know you're better than any of them.
citement. Refuse to acknowledge the words "no" and
"can't." Whoever said it's better to be a live jackal than

a dead lion is a sniveling idiot. There's nothing as

sible challenge and living to tell the tale.
Equipment: Chimerical weapon, bridle

®y


IS

Name: Seeming: Witden
Player: : Kith: Sidhe
Chronicle: House: Balon Motley:
Physical Social MDencal
Strength. ©0000 Charisma ©@000 Perception @0000
Dexterity ©0800 Manipulation 000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina. @@@00 Appearance. ee0ee0 Wits. e030ee0
ohae——————
Talencs Skills Knowledges
Alertness ©0000 Crafts 00000. Computer. 00000
Athletics. @0000 Drive. 00000 Enigmas. @0000
Brawl, @@000 Etiquette. 00000. Gremayre. @e@000
Dodge. @@000 Firearms. @0000 Investigation. 00000
Empathy, 00000 Leadership 00000 Law. 00000
Intimidation. @@000 Melee. ©2000 Linguistics 00000
Kenning @@000 Performance ©0000 Lore 0000
Persuasion, 0000 Security 00000 Medicine 00000
Streetwise. @0000 Stealth. @@000 Politics. @0000
Subterfuge 00000 Survival @0000 Science. 00000
Backgrounds Arcs Realms
Chimena 0000 Contempt @0000 _Aeton 0000
Pnestige @@000 Primal @0@000 Fae ©0000
Remembnance 0000 _Wayfare @@000 Scene 0000
Resources 0000 00000 00000
Tithe e000 00000 00000
——Orher Tracts —= ———Glamour: ——Nealch_——
e@e0ee@000000 Real Chimerical
Bruised 4 a
g000000000 go dheahn Ss
Injured 1 Q Qa
——Unlpouier: Wounded 2 Q
@@00000000 Mailed 2 a a
9000000000 Crippled 5 0 a
Incapacitated Q Qa

Ravagang/Dusing Theeshoi= ————Banalicy=———=_ = Brchrighcs/Praitcies=
SPOOODD OOOO LrnResistance / Physical, mental

aoe ; on emotional deformity, Wikbpower 6
Gperience[ | Boe o HE ce andat

Permission granted to photocopy this page for personal use only. &

SS

A


A word Form ArcHaus

We at Arthaus would like to take a moment to thank Developer Justin Achilli for his assistance in bringing this
book to completion and to also thank writers Nicky Rea and Jacky Cassada for their excellent efforts in writing this
book. While Justin's obligations to White Wolf's flagship line, Vampire: The Masquerade, prevent him from working
on future Changeling books, the efforts of our two authors have move than proven that they're ready to step forward
and shepherd the this game line. Who are these two enigmatic women who have taken the reigns... read on...

Nicky Rea

Nicky is one half of the "dreaded two-headed Asheville freelance monster." She lives in the mountains of western
North Carolina with her co-conspirator Jackie Cassada, five cats and a couple of eccentric computers. She has a
degree in theatre and has played in several rock bands. She writes, edits and develops for White Wolf, TSR, Last
Unicorn Games, West End Games, Holistic Design, Polyhedron and Dragon magazine. Some of her works for White
Wolf include Changeling: the Dreaming, Mage: the Ascension, Werewolf: Wild West, Wraith: the Oblivion,
Court of All Kings, Verbena, Gurahl, Sea of Shadows, Kingdom of Willows, Uktena Tribebook, Dreamspeakers,
Kindred of the East, Shadow Court, Renegades, Hong Kong by Night and the Transylvania Chronicles. One of her
short stories, "A Dog's Tale," appeared in the Changeling anthology Splendour Falls.

Nicky is the co-creator of the Mage Tarot, winner of the 1996 GAMA award for best gaming supplement of the
year, and the developer of Antagonists for Mind's Eye Theatre. Her upcoming works include Rage across the
Heavens, Book of Houses II: the Unseelie and the final book of the Transylvania Chronicles. Nicky can be seen at
local cons in the southeast, where she and a group of friends run Mind's Eye Theatre LARPs, many of them featuring
changelings. When not caught up in other pursuits, Nicky sometimes games with the ex-police chief fa local mental
hospital for the criminally insane. She can be reached at larpform@aol.com.

Jackie Cassada

Jackie is the other half of the "Asheville freelance monster." She first became involved in freelance game design
as part of the design team for first edition Wraith: the Oblivion. Since then, she has written for Wraith, Werewolf,
Changeling, Mage, Vampire: the Dark Ages, Mage: Sorcerers' Crusade, Werewolf: Wild West and Kindred of
the East. She is the author of the Immortal Eyes trilogy (The Toybox; Shadows on the Hill; Court of All Kings) of novels
for Changeling, and has contributed short stories to the White Wolf anthologies Death and Damnation, Truth Until
Paradox, City of Darkne: inseen, Splendour Falls, and Dark Tyrants. Jackie is the co-creator of the award-winning
Mage Tarot. She has written or contributed to Rage across Appalachia, The Hierarchy, Kingdom of Willows,
Pardoners Guildbook, Uktena Tribebook, Gurahl, Dreamspeakers, and Shadow Court. Her work has appeared in
Changeling: the Dreaming, Wraith: the Oblivion, Freak Legions, Sorcerers' Crusade Companion and Libellus
Sanguinus: Keepers of the Word.

Jackie also writes for Holistic Design's Fading suns and Last Unicorn Games. Forthcoming works include Rage
across the Heavens, Book of Houses II: the Unseelie and the final book of the Transylvania Chronicles. She is one
of the crew who produces LARPs at various cons across the southeast. She has been the science fiction and fantasy
columnist for Library Journal since 1984 and reads an average of 14 sf books a month in galley or uncorrected proof
forms. She too games when she can and has been running the "Friday Night Game" for a group of friends for over
ten years, Like Nicky, Jackie can be reached at larpform@aol.com.

Together, Nicky and Jackie hope to continue exploring the dreams and nightmares of the World of Darkness,
while taking Changeling in a darker, more romantic and sensual direction.

|ARTHAUS

STUDIO