# File: Prince's Primer.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


ill
Meee -
' / =e
Al eal *
JASON

|

: =
his
I
Gas
. fa :*
1s :
=

4

mn

le

ye teu

ac
.

\
'

i |

eee ha

WS ae
—

/

ie N @
MN N zi! .

OT ee" ATER
SEED APT TIENT
Leelee seen I

ee i bg
w]
6
a ' ol AT es
I — aaa

" Hi Lae
f peer bee Aa
a On ee

i}
7!
tte a rma Le
- bd e w
; Me & e ese

a Vas ©,
' et
7

Satan made himself multifariously objectionable and was finally
expelled from Heaven. Halfway in his descent he paused, bent his
head in thought a moment and at last went back. "There is one favor

that I should like to ask."

"Name it."

"Man, I understand, is about to be created. He will need laws."

"What, wretch! you his appointed adversary, charged from the
dawn of eternity with hatred of his soul — you ask for the right to make
his laws?"

"Pardon; what I have to ask is that he be permitted to make them
himself."

It was so ordered.
Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary


Credits
Written by: Allan Tower and Michael McLaughlin
Development by: Jennifer Hartshorn and Richard E. Dansky
Editing by: Ronni Radner
Art Direction by: Aileen E. Miles and Lawrence Snelly
Art by: Jason Brubaker, Daryll Elliott and Alex Sheikman.
Cover Art: Timothy Bradstreet and Grant Goleash
Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles
Layout and typesetting by: Kathleen Ryan

Special Thanks to:

Carole "Repent, Harlanquin" Simmons, because nobody escapes the Spe-

cial Thanks list.

Brad "Alpha Mail" Butkovich, for finally asking the Net all about Wraith.

Matt "At Least You Didn't Scare Me" Millberger, for putting in Developer
hours on Dark Ages.

Ronni "Ropin' the Dreidls" Radner, for making Hanukah a little bit
country, a little bit klezmer.

Michael "Sugar Mouse" Rollins, for having the sense not to play Peter
Hammill in public.

Kathy "Howdy, Neighbor" Ryan, for moving over to the safe side of the
parking lot.

780 PARK NORTH BLYD. Be

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

©1996 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduction without

written permission of the publisher is expressly denied, except for the
purpose of reviews.

Mind's Eye Theatre, Masquerade, Vampire: The Masquerade, Dark
Alliance: Vancouver, Chicago By Night, Milwaukee By Night, D.C. By
Night and World of Darkness are trademarks and copyrights of White
Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or products in these
pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or copyrights concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader discretion is advised.

ime: PRINTED IN CANADA

ABrief Introduction

F. Lyon Wall's Guide
to How the Clans Screw Their Own

Leadership Cost Analysis
A Treatise on Conflict
Some Readings on the Clans

Notes Found in the Effects of Lodin,
Late Prince of Chicago

A Manifesto on Becoming Prince

Report from the St. Louis Conclave

Appendix: Some Notable Princes


>

*,

Introduction

Look on my works, ye mighty, and despair.
— Percy Bysshe Shelley, "Ozymandias"

How To Use This Book

A collection of treatises, ruminations, recollections and letters on the
duties and responsibilities of a prince among the Kindred, The Prince's
Primer is intended to enlighten, inform, educate and perhaps even amuse. It
is not intended as a blueprint for becoming prince, nor is it the be-all and end-
all of Kindred political thought on princedom. Rather, it is a collection of
opinions from both princes and their enemies on what makes a prince, and
what keeps a prince in power. Its advice should be taken piecemeal, not for
the gospel, and certain of our authors may have conflicting opinions on the
same matter. This is just as well; what works in Washington may not play in
Peoria. You may not find it useful the next time you find yourself prince of a
city, with 60 ravenous Brujah in the hallway wanting to take a meeting with
you. Then again, if you follow its lessons, hopefully you will never find yourself
in that situation.

In any case, enjoy.


RHE

Hi Migs Wits. Ndi

~

.

i
,

ey)

t
i

'
|
\,

1


F. LYON WALL'S GUIDE TO
HOW THE CLANS SCREW THEIR OWN:

HOW TOBE THELIFE OF THE PARTY
WITHOUT FOOTING THE BILL

. EF Lyon here, the Baedecker of political pitfalls for dis-
criminating bloodsuckers. Today's lesson, kids...Pay attention! I
don't want to have to rap any knuckles, not that I wouldn't enjoy
it. If I know the dark, deviant little dreams of many of you, you
wouldn't mind either, but I digress. Today's lesson is all about
getting the most from your clan while giving the least in return,
kind of like princes do. If you do it right, every day will be like a
birthday party, and all of yoyr family will have to bring presents.
Do it wrong, though, and you become the little orphan boy who
gets treated like a servant, though some of you sick leeches might
like the idea of living™a Charles Dickens story..Anyway, I'll go
through this cian by clan, bottom to top. Don't fall asleep through
the parts that you don't think concern you, because there will be a
test. It's called the rest of your unlife, and it's pass or fail.


BRUJAH

These guys live by the rule: No one can pick on my little brother but me. This
is all well and good if there is someone from outside the family giving you
grief, but that usually only happens once. Coaches always say that the body
remembers what the brain forgets, and the Brujah are really good at teaching
the body. School of Hard Knocks, you know. What the Brujah offer one
another is a mob of well-armed thugs with bad attitude. They‘ll pound one
another as soon as you look at them, but they close ranks tightly against
outsiders. This is an invaluable asset, especially if you are dealing with
members of other clans. Knowing how the Brujah treat their own, it's probably
also a smart career move.

The bad thing about this mob is, well, that it's a mob. If you get anything,
like maybe a position or money, the mob will want its share. There's nothing
quite like afamily protection racket. Brujah princes have it really rough; the
mob expects free reign to go nuts and shoot up anything in sight, and to get
away with it since one of theirs in on the big chair. The prince has to keep the
peace, without alienating his own clan. The best way of doing that is to give
them something to play with, like a nest of big hairy wolf boys. Hours of fun,
and itkeeps the thug pack in top fighting form. If they win, the prince gets the

putting down the dogs. If they lose, the prince gets credit for trying

to put down the dogs, and everybody breathes a sigh of relief that the thugs

There are loners, and then there are loners. After that, there are the Gangrel.
Pound for pound, there's probably no clan tougher in the entire Camarilla. Are
you listening, Brujah kids? And they're sneaky, too, coming and going as they
please. Real friendly, especially when two of them meet. They immediately act
like old friends, but I guess nearly all of them are. They don't see much of one
another, but they all seem to get along real well. Problem is, there aren't ever
really very many of them in any particular place. That's the drawback to being
a Gangrel; from day one you're pretty ivuch om your own. Probably why the
ones that make it are so tough.

That's also what's good about being a Gangrel. They almost never have an
elder about telling them what to do, and when they do, it's usually good sense
to listen. There's no one to fall back on, but there's no one to hold you back,
either. It's a rare event that will draw more than a couple of these folks together,
but when jt happens, watch out. They've usually got their,tails in a knot over
something, and they're really intent on unknotting it. It may not be important
to you, but it's damn important to them, and blood usually flows pretty freely.
That's probably why you almost never see a Gangrel prince; most of them have
wandering fever and can't stay in one place for too long. Know what
a prince who leaves his city? An ex-prince. If youda
mission-driven pack of other Gangrel, either, because she'll be expected to join
in the just crusade against whatever evil. Crusades are bad for princes; they
damn near busted Europe, and that wasn't even in their backyards.


MALKAVIAN

Yeah, okay, it's true that Malkavians are all slightly bent, but how sure are
you that you're totally sane, buster? If you're honest and not a complete idiot,
that gave you pause. If not, well, time has a way of taking care of liars and fools.
They usually end up being princes...But I'm not to that point yet. I'm going to
tell you why sometimes it's good to be crazy, and why hanging out with cuckoos
can get you down. See, if people think you're bonkers, you can get away with
tons. Like this little pamphlet; who d' you think really reads this stuff? Not the
elders, but the kiddies might get something good and useful out of it. Or they
might get a chuckle, or something to wrap fishin. Noone takes a kook seriously,
so a serious kook can get a lot done so long as he acts nutty from time to time.
It's a form of invisibility: out of mind, out of sight.

The bad part is the other nuts. If you get more than a few together, it turns
into chaos. Everyone starts screaming for attention, and nothing at all can get
accomplished. The only real thing we have in common is being a few cards short
or over of 78; nothing else binds us together. If you're lucky enough to share
neuroses with someone (which is much more sanitary than sharing blood), you
might actually manage to get something useful accomplished. But basically,
being a childe of Malkav is great around other leeches, but more than a little

between working mask of insanity and having énough lucidity to function. It's
been done before, and humans have certainly been known to have insane
monarchs, but the stigma of being a known neurotic is hard to shake.

NOSFERATU

Yeah, so they're ugly. At least they're only ugly on the outside, which is a
hell ofa lot more than Ican say for lots of bloodsuckers. Having to face the world
as you really are does something to your perspective, I think. All the Nossies I've
met have been straight up. They stick by one another, too, which is more than
I can say for a lot of leeches. Theyre a tight-knit bunch, but it's kinda under-
standable; wouldn't you turn to the only people who wouldn't give you a hard
time about your looks? Superficial they aren't; they can't afford to be.

Everybody knows that no one is better informed than the Nosferatu. What
most folks don't know is that they all share the majority of their information with
one another; it's a group protection kind of thing. So that's what the Nos do for
one another; they stand up for each other, and watch out for their kind with the
tools at hand. The downside of it all is their reputation, not their looks. They‘re
like Switzerland with attitude; they don't often take sides, but when they do,
head for another city. People are reluctant to trust the sewer dwellers other than
for the accuracy of their information. Years of being in the trade have made them
valued, but suspect outside of it. It's a tough rep to shake, but it's served a few
Nosferatu princes I know of pretty well. Think about it: Would you want te go
toe-to-toe with the one person who knows more about you than maybe your-
self? Damn right you wouldn't. Unfortunately, they are a lonely lot, based on
both their appearance and their creepy reputation. I like ‘ema lot, but Icouldn't

+ wee

TOREADOR

You know the old saying: Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer? If I
didn't know better, I'd swear that the guy who thought it up was talking about
the Tories. Sure, they're one of the respected, good-looking and well-dressed
clans, but it's one hell of a price to pay. If you aren't an artist, you're already a
step back. Even if you are an artist, and a damned good one, you still aren't
assured of anything with this bunch. On a good day, the Tories are elegant and
gracious, making the Ventrue and Tremere look like they shop out of catalogs
and get their manners from reading old books. And they know how to throw a
party too, if you can manage to get invited or crash without too much trouble.
On a bad day, though, given my choice, I think I might rather take a beating at
the hands of the Brujah (sit down, thug boy, that was only a figure of speech)
than suffer through one of their very public attacks on my character. Brutal isnot
even a strong enough word.

So let's say you're a Torie princess —hard to think of them as anything else;
even the guys are absolutely spoiled rotten — what would that mean? Well, for
one thing, you'd better look, dress and act the part, or the dishers will do their
worst on you. On the other hand, you would get respect if you could pull it off.
Throw in extravagant art shows and you're set, at least with your own. The
upside is that you get respect, or at least some degree of acceptance, if you can

downside is that lots of folks will assun

a Torie gets you in the door, but more as

entertainment than as a guest.

Is it cold in here all of the sudden, or is it just me? These guys (and girls: I
don't mean to slight the dominatrixes of magic) have a chilly reputation for a
reason. If you knew what knew about them, you'd have trouble sleeping days.
Still, somebody has to be the guide through dangerous terrain, and they don't
call me F. Lyon Wall for nothing. To the new wizards on the block, the rest of the
clan is your stern father figure and your worst enemy combined. If you're
Tremere, you know exactly what I mean. If not, try to imagine it, and then
multiply several times. In their defense, though, the Tremere do offer total,
inescapable security. The only catch is that you have to play the game by the
bosses' rules, and they only tell them to you after you break them. It's a rough
life, but if you survive the first few decades, you come out hard, spooky and
powerful. Many of you wouldn't mind the results, but I really doubt you would
want to pay the price.

Whattheclan asks— demands, really, | wasjust being polite— is obedience
and to put aside all of your personal goais to further the glory of the clan. If it
sounds like a cult, that's no accident; the organization is a pyramid, after all. If
you win anything big, you don" win jack: the clan gets it all. Scfew up, though,
and you find yourself standing all alone in the spotlight. ‘Ve heard of wizard
princes in Europe, and I'm very glad that there's a whole ocean between me and
them. Think for a second about the first one who realized that you get an entire
clan (at least seven, according to my sources) as prince. If you're a rank and file

" There's blue blood, and then there's indigo. Beyond that you'll find the color
of Ventrueblood. Smug doesn'teven begin to describe them. Of course, ifIcould
make people love me and dance the Charleston naked in the rain, I might be
smug too. I'll have to remember that dance trick for a future occasion, but I'm
just as clueless about love as your average human. I think visiting Golconda
might be a more realistic occurrence, and I can sell you a map, cheap. The
Ventrue clan is like a corporate package deal that you don't have a chance to
reject: you get a business suit, Italian shoes, a nice car, your bank account gets
surgically augmented, and you get a job with guaranteed growth potential.
Unfortunately, the Ventrue usually define growth potential at a pace thata snail
would find lackadaisical. They call it taking the long view and biding your time,
but I've also heard it called paralyzing caution.

Money and status matter a lot to the Ventrue. They always offer one another
aid ifit's needed, but they have long memories, too. By the time most princes get
to the big chair (yes, Virginia, most princes are Ventrue) they usually owe
members of their own clan a list of favors as long as their Rolodex. It makes
sense, really; why would the clan let someone sit on the throne if everyone who
mattered didn'thave something to gain by it? Really, though, itisri't that bad for
the prince. Ifeveryone has something to gain by your retention of your position,
then theyll work to make sure you keep it. Itjust becomes a race to se¢ how long
you can put off repaying those favors while you're racking up alist of debts
owed to you. Likea day at the races, but without Groucho and Harpo. Thestakes
are an awful lot higher, too. A prince who'sab ler could lose a lotmore

Well, kids, [hope you paid attention, because you could have learned
an awful lot here if you weren't careful. Like that Bacon man said, one
grows wise through reading, even if it is by yours truly. There are a
couple of other pithy little quotes about knowledge that I've always
wanted to use, so consider this a medley oflearning; knowledgeis power,
knowledge implies action, and knowing is half the battle.

Kids, don't read this last part; it's only for your elders and princes.
F. Lyon Wall tries to please all crowds, after all.

Ellway, ellway, ellway...Ookslay ikelay ownay everyay oneway
owsknay ouryay ittlelay ecretsay. Allay eythay avehay otay owknay isay
ouryay anclay anday ou'reyay ewedscray. Ebay ayay astardbay, etgay
eatedtray ikelay oneway. Atay atay orfay ownay.

Yflay onay ethay allway. $


Leadership Cost Analysis

JEREMY LANCASTER AND ASSOCIATES, LTD. Information

5p ona cl TR Na IS a aa ama ; Ne Seas e seen SS Ss
ae ee ae Nc U re eae fs TH et an g Proper intelligence has always been vital to the operation of any large
conglomerate entity, whether it is a multinational corporation or a
principality. In the modern age of cable television, personal telephones
and computer networks, it is even more important to secure a leading
edge in information. Technology has made it possible for anyone to be
well-informed if they so desire; a leader must be even more knowledge-

Kansas City c able.
Dec. 4 Al
Computers

Importance: Very Important. The world is rapidly becoming a computer
driven society, a trend that is no longer confined to the western world.
Computers have the capability to impact every aspect of our casual
lives, but they are infinitely more useful and necessary for those in
leadership positions.

Cost of Utility: Nominal. Computer literacy is becoming rather common-
place among the middle and upper classes, making the percentage of
professionals with superior knowledge all the higher. Make no mistake;
you will need professionals. A teenager with a modem and a modicum
of code knowledge may be able to break into a local utility's mainframe
once, but cannot do so consistently. Data organization, network

} maintenance, information tracking and trend prediction require more

Sincerely, stable and reliable talent. The bottom line: several professionals, a

medium-sized network and online access with a relatively secure
connection. Utility level in computer technology combines synergisti-
cally with utility in any other field; it is much easier to track financial
dealings with access to the world markets that are accessible 24 hours

a day through a computer network, for example.

Cost of Dominance: High. Technology is changing faster than most can
keep up with. As we are creatures used to thinking in terms of decades,
if not centuries, it can be disconcerting to master new software or
hardware, only to have it become obsolete within a year. Nonetheless,
this is what must be done; once the tiger's tail has been grasped, it is
unwise, if even possible, to let it go. It would not be prudent to
commandeer ghouls, or even embrace several skilled professionals to
run this aspect of your organization if it means maintaining a comfort-
able ignorance yourself. Compartmentalization has to be discarded as
a business strategy, especially in this field. What you do not know can
hurt you and cripple your effectiveness. Even the most respected and
valued underlings can find the prospect of vast resources difficult to
resist. Whether this is work on some personal project, or a wholesale
co-opting of your machinery for their gain and your detriment, it will
impede your productivity. A fair degree of personal knowledge is vital.

As per your request, here is an analysis of current opera-
tional policy and the tools by which to implement it. There are
two main sections, dealing with information and humans re-
spectively. Each section is further broken into various spheres
of influence with factors for the importance of each, the cost of
obtaining them at a useful level, the cost of achieving domi-
nance and the cost for allowing others to surpass you. If this

suits your needs, I look forward to working with you in the
future.

' Monetary carey high, shovalipesnit away i ra has
slightly lessened this. Equipment must be upgraded, as. must software.
An awareness of the cutting edge, as well as compatibility, is neces-
sary. Remember the Betamax lesson; do not make the mistake of

investing in superior technology that is unusable.

Cost of Neglect: Incalculable. This is a field that cannot be overlooked,
no matter what. Many contemporary Kindred are at least proficient with
computer technology, and many are expert. | need not remind you that
the majority of anarchs are modern. Imagine what a core of dedicated
anarch hackers could do to your holdings: your bank accounts, your
property files, your investments, even your police records (which could
be fabricated, if they do not exist). You simply cannot rely on commer-
cial services such as banks and brokerage houses to handle these
transactions for you; you must take personal responsibility to ensure
the safety and efficacy of your informational empire.

Finance

FE SE
Importance: Moderate to High. Remember that the majority of your work

can be done by humans, even unknowingly. Money is very important
to them with their short lives and limited perspectives. It is the path to
temporary luxury. Consequently, it is less appealing to aged Kindred,
but not totally without utility. Many of the younger Kindred still hunger
for the luxuries that were denied them in life. Indulge them with a few
thousand dollars; it is a pittance to you, but may buy their distraction,
if not their loyalty.

Cost of Utility: Moderate. Members of our clan are eminently qualified for
rulership based mostly on our facility with wealth. The foresight and
monetary savvy that no doubt attracted your sire's attention will continue
to serve you well. Utility for an individual with political interests is
measured in seven digits, with a steady eye toward maintenance and
growth. An individual in the political spotlight must have a war chest in
the lower eight digits, at the very least. Again, the emphasis on steady
growth and security cannot be stressed enough. Remember the lessons
of unrestrained aggression and short-sightedness in Singapore; many
Kindred will be recovering from that debacle well into the next millennia.

Cost of Dominance: High. Utility is simple, yet dominance requires
constant vigilance. You must not only be aware of market and currency
forces, but also of those beneath you who have their eyes on upward
mobility. The least threatening is someone who merely wishes to gain
on her own merits. It is a simple matter of bringing them into your
organization, either knowingly or as an unwitting co-investor into a
project or projects you control. Similarly, you can undercut their
investments and interests if they should become a threat. The greatest
threat comes from those who would raise themselves higher by
dragging you down. This can be from the accepted practices of insider
trading, market tampering as was popular in the 1980s, data piracy, or
a more direct and obvious physical terrorism, such as the World Trade

Center bombing. The simplest way to avoid suffering too drastically
from any single action lies in diversity and conservatism; high return
investments usually carry high risk and initial costs. Regardless, itis not
enough to weather these storms. To retain your position of superiority,
you must ensure that others do not profit too greatly from the storms.
Often the best recourse is to utilize similar methods to those of the
aspiring tycoon.

Cost of Neglect: Very High. An individual may ignore finances and instead

work on the currency of prestation within the Kindred community, yet
a public or political figure cannot exist on these alone. Money motivates
the kine, and one cannot rule a grazing area with no knowledge or
control over the herd. Shows of comfortable wealth are indelibly affixed
to positions of leadership, particularly to princes. It is virtually impos-
sible to retain the position and the respect of elders and childer alike
without what would be vast resources in human terms.

Nosferatu

Importance: Very High. It is a well-known and accepted fact that none in

Kindred society are better informed than these malformed spies. No
matter what your security measures, mechanical and human, they will
be aware of your actions and plans. Your opponents will similarly be
victim to this spying. To maintain rule requires accurate and timely
information, and none have a larger grasp of it than the sewer dwellers.

Cost of Utility: Moderate to Fair. The Nosferatu are often capricious when

dealing with enfranchised members of the ruling class, and they may
require the performance of demeaning acts as well as high prices for
their information. Nonetheless, perseverance and steady payment will
bring the relationship into a more standard business format. They are
merchants of secrets who will sell to the highest bidder. Be wary,
however, when sending underlings into the sewers. Send bonded
individuals when at all possible, and make it plain to them to take care
in negotiations. Much can be learned from the question, often more
than from the answer, and the Nosferatu are very astute observers.

Cost of Dominance: Extremely High. To dominate the informational

network of the Nosferatu would require either the bonding of the
undisputed leader, and keeping this bond secret from the remaining
clan members, or an alliance with them. Obviously the latter is by far the
easier and safer recourse; master spies, become quite easily master
assassins when wronged. The cost of alliance remains quite steep,
however. The other clans, in particular the Tremere and the Toreador,
have nothing but disgust for the Nosferatu, even though they utilize
their services as much, if not more, than the other clans. An open
alliance will be politically costly due to this fact; much public opinion can
be swayed. Do not expect total complicity from your own clan, either,
unless you have them in an uncharacteristic and enviable position of
cooperation and control. Aristocratic prejudice runs deep, but not
without reason.


Cost of Neglect: Catastrophic. Assume that no one has more knowledge
concerning your activities and plans than these deformed Kindred. You
will have opponents, if not actual enemies, within your domain, and the
reputation of the Nosferatu is well-known. You would be in the position
of having enemies more informed about your actions than you are of
theirs. This may be survivable if your own position is particularly strong
and your opponents' uncommonly inept.

A much more daunting situation would be if the Nosferatu themselves
were antagonistic toward you and your administration. If even the
pretense of neutrality is gone, you will not last long unless you can build
a coalition of the other clans to cripple the Nosferatu. This is no simple
feat, for no one wants to destroy a valuable resource unless the price
for doing so is commensurably high. Do not alienate or antagonize the
Nosferatu.

Toreador

Importance: Minimal to Moderate. Many see these Kindred as reclusive

artists and idle gossips, but through the course of their gossip much
information can be gleaned. The majority of it concerns the social
activities of the Kindred society, a vital facet of ruling. Unlike the
Nosferatu, the Toreador do not usually trade this information for
personal gain, but use it to the detriment of their enemies du jour.
Nonetheless, itis an oft overlooked and valuable source for information
on your contemporaries.

Cost of Utility: Low. The Toreador gossip mongers, the harpies, are more

than willing to give out information that may make others look bad as
long as you feign more interest in the teller than what is being told.
Flattery and favor are the medium of exchange in dealing with these
individuals. Take care not to tip your hand; a suspicious harpy is a
resource squandered, and possibly a liability gained. Give the appear-
ance of playing their game; indulge in meaningless gossip, or plant an
agent of your own clan in their midst. Whoever engages them should
develop a casual cruelty and apparent indifference to the opinions of
others. Above all else, be certain to have at least a small amount of new
gossip for trading purposes.

Cost of Dominance: Moderate to High. As with the Nosferatu, it would

take either a bonding of a leader of the harpies, or an alliance with them.
The former is a temporary measure at best, as the harpies are as vicious
with one another as they are with outsiders, if not more so. Even if a
bonding of a stable leader were to take place, there is still the necessity
of keeping the event a secret, which is unlikely in Kindred society.
Alliances may be beneficial, but not without cost. If the rift between the
artistes and poseurs is large, the former may be significantly offended
at an alliance, so much so that they may openly oppose you on minor
points. Even if this does not occur, the disenfranchised Kindred will see
this as nothing more than reinforcing the belief that princes foster the
worst of Kindred society. In particular, the Brujah and Nosferatu will take
particular offense at an open alliance with the harpies.

Cost of Neglect: Minimal to Moderate. By sheer virtue of being a public

figure, the prince will attract negative comment, especially by gossip
mongers. Do not make the mistake of mortal politicians who base all of
their decisions on the probable popularity of the moment. This is the
only way to truly make the harpies happy; by consulting with them
before every event. Clearly, this would be the death knell of an effective
prince, and even then it would not guarantee good will. The harpies are
a capricious lot. They may create an atmosphere of mild disdain in
those predisposed to it, but alone they cannot truly hurt you.

Humans

The primary job of a prince is to enforce the Masquerade. None would
dispute this fact. Fortunately, the First Tradition can protect a prince as
well as the Kindred population at large. Many human agencies exist to
react to particular situations: the police react to personal and property
crimes; medical facilities react to and record injuries; local government
records things such as property ownership; the media reports on
anything it deems "newsworthy." All four of these human agencies
would react to Kindred activities, given the opportunity, and all would
potentially breach the Masquerade. As prince, it is a simple thing to
forbid and enforce overt manipulation of these and others in the name
of mutual protection, and most would see the logic of such an act.
Similarly, you can set such forces in motion against an individual or
group. Such an action would force the target or targets to respond to the
agency, rather than the initiator, so that the Masquerade will remain
unbroken. Many will cry foul at such action, but it is a simple matter of
pointing out that had the offending party not taken questionable action,
there would have been no danger to investigation by the humans.

The Media

Importance: High to Very High. Humans are connected to one another via

the media; he who controls the latter often controls some aspect of the
former. First and foremost, the media cannot be left to its own devices;
this assures difficulty in the maintenance of the Masquerade. Damage
control is the fundamental use of the media. Kudos are given to he who
handles these difficulties, but the prince is the only one who will be held
accountable if they are not.

Cost of Utility: Moderate. Due to federal statutes, it is difficult to consoli-

date media companies under one simple corporate entity, though an
enterprising individual can always find a way around them. This makes
the task of developing and maintaining various contacts more difficult.
It is not enough to dominate one company alone, or even one aspect
of the media, such as the newspapers or broadcast television. It will be
of little consequence that the 11 o'clock news does not carry coverage
of exsanguinated corpses if it appears on the front page of the morning
edition of the newspaper. To be effective in the minimally acceptable
capacity, a prince must have contacts and some degree of control over

aa it "all aspects of the media, ee Pies ix 5 le this

matter. If the Masquerade is at stake, most Kindred with any sense of
self- protection will assist in this matter, but they will also remember that
the prince could not handle these matters alone. Similarly, the media
can be used to bolster one's other contacts and enterprises, and vice
versa. It is a simple matter to have a police detective leak information
to a reporter when both are under your influence. If a troublesome
Kindred still dabbles in business or society, unflattering articles in the
appropriate sections will damage her standing significantly. Be aware,
however, that unless you possess dominion in the media field, this can
also be done to you.

Cost of Dominance: High to Very High. In any city large enough to sustain

a sizable Kindred population, there will be at least four television
stations, two newspapers and numerous radio stations. Add to that the
fact that reporters are by definition prone to disobey orders and pursue
stories on their own initiative, and the difficulties will be obvious.
Whereas one or two highly-placed staff members can stop a story at
one location once, it takes many more acting in unwitting concert to
substantially alter the news that the kine receive in any significant way.
Many Kindred see the value of having contacts in the media, which
makes the task of domination more challenging. It makes little differ-
ence if your news director gives orders that another Kindred
countermands to a reporter under his control; vampires are substan-
tially more persuasive than humans. It becomes a task of guarding
against any progress being made by an individual or group into the area
once you have established it as your own. This is a difficult and
consuming task, but worth consideration. In clever hands, the media is
a tool that cannot be rivaled.

Cost of Neglect: Catastrophic. The protection of the Masquerade is the

primary role of the prince. This is virtually impossible without some
degree of influence over the media. It is possible to rely on others to
take care of this duty, but so doing would undermine the foundation of
an active and vital princedom. With no influence at all in the various
media outlets, the best that is possible is a mere figurehead position,
where you are prince in name only.

Medicine

SS FS a a SS
Importance: Low to Moderate. Medical influence is often overlooked, but

it can prove to be a valuable asset if properly utilized. This concept
seems to escape most Kindred, who view medical contacts as little
more than an opportunity to obtain safe and quick, if unpleasant,
sustenance. However, hospitals are required by law to record every
gunshot wound that enters their doors. This provides an opportunity to
suppress an incident and keep it from a wider mortal audience, or to
allow it to pass on to the police and the media. Ghouls and retainers
occasionally require medical attention, and their masters are often
grateful. If you control all access and egress from health care facilities,

a theie grefiucte must fall to you. Finally, all hospitals have a morgue and
an incinerator, making the ultimate disposal of unwanted waste a
simple matter.
_ Cost of Utility: Low. Most metropolitan hospitals are large, disorganized
and understaffed; this is even more pronounced in public facilities.
These conditions make it a simple matter to gain a measure of control
over at least one member of the staff, whether through bribery (nurses
and orderlies are notoriously underpaid) or other, more permanent
measures. In such large and chaotic environments, even control of one
or two orderlies can accomplish much, from body disposal to blood
storage. In more drastic cases, agents can be used to eliminate
recuperating witnesses and other problematic individuals, though this
may often result in the loss of the agent unless total control of the facility
is yours.
Cost of Dominance: Moderate to High. It is simpler to gain control over
a single institute than to achieve citywide dominance. Only the most
ambitious and farsighted individuals would even contemplate the latter.
ze; When targeting dominance in a hospital, target the emergency room
4 staff first. Do not target the doctors, but the support staff. It is they who
Vy control the tracking of patients and records, as well as admitting and
stock. Indeed, if you have secured the support staff in a given area, the
doctors are secondary. The administrators are also of vital importance,
as they secure the funding and give orders to all staff members. It is
very possible to have total control over a hospital or critical care facility
without securing every doctor. Patience is vital, however; sudden
control will arouse suspicion. Once the staff is yours to command, all
that occurs within the walls is your domain. Blood may be stored for
emergencies, bodies may be disposed of and witnesses may die on the
tables. Additionally, all mortal contacts and agents of other Kindred
eventually must seek medical attention. Once they set foot within your
facility, you may either cripple or inconvenience the plans and opera-
tions of other Kindred, or cause them to incur debt to you.
Ee Cost of Neglect: Minimal to Low. This is an area in which diligence is not
vital. The worst that can occur is if agents or tools of yours must seek
treatment. Then it becomes a matter of assuring their delivery to an
re uncontested facility, or negotiation with those currently controlling it.
Medical influence is at best extremely useful, at worst a minor inconve-
ih nience.

Government

Importance: High. The term government is used to describe all facets of
publicly controlled and regulated service. This includes, to a degree,
utility providers (which fall under the public service commission), the
regulatory commissions, as well as the judicial system and the publicly
elected governing bodies. As a ruler, it is important to be able to control
those who control the kine. This cannot be allowed to fall totally into the
hands of another Kindred, for the landscape of the city itself will be

environs ea Elysium will change in ways inappropriate to the atmo-
sphere of safety. A ruler who cannot govern the kine will have difficulty
gaining respect from the Kindred, who will turn their eyes to another
who is more capable. Consider the operation of the human agencies in
the city equivalent to Wales in regards to competence in governing. It
is a test you cannot afford to fail.

Cost of Utility: Moderate to High. The price varies, depending on the level

of redundancy in your city. As with hospitals, it is the support staff that
accomplishes the majority of the work in any given department; target
them. Most bureaucracies have a rigid hierarchy, making it also a valid
strategy to target the heads of agencies as well. Take care not to invest
too heavily in an elected official unless you can be certain of his
continued popularity; careful use of other influences can help to insure
re-election if properly applied. Barring that, make office holders by
appointment your goals. When possessing a measure of control over
two or more agencies, be certain to use both to reach a common goal.
Left to their own devices, they will almost certainly work at odds with
one another. This is the nature of modern bureaucracy.

Cost of Dominance: High to Extremely High. It will not be enough to

control the heads of various organizations, or even the mayor. The
nature of politics is that one candidate defines herself by disagreeing
with others, usually across party lines. Recently human politics has
begun to mirror our own, with a sharp division between the established
career politicians and the new arrivals to the game. Ironically, itis much
easier to gain control of the hungry newcomers than the established
powers who have already been purchased. This is not without risk,
however. Take care and assess the future viability of any potential
political agent; it is an unfortunate reality that job security for these
rarely extends beyond a single four-year term.

Any Kindred with either political aspirations or even awareness is
almost certain to have at least one contact within the vast governing
body of the city. Record these contacts if at all possible, and work to
control them. This is a cost effective method of not only the agent, but
also what information reaches the ears of specific Kindred. This is the
ideal situation, bit also a rare one. It is much more likely that the various
agents and contacts will be unknown to you, but will work at odds with
your plans. Dominance assumes that you have the collective might to
impress your will not only upon the fractious humans, but also on the
Kindred or other forces that may be controlling their actions. As with all
other areas of interest, dominance requires vigilance on both the
human and Kindred forces. There are no constants in politics.

SMe Ie ae : 4 0s

avert Extremely High. As previously mentioned, a prince who
cannot manage the human population in his domain has small chance
of ruling the Kindred. So long as no other Kindred dominates, or even

comes close to dominion in human politics, you will only be seen as
inefficient. This is a major flaw in a public leader, but it is the best of all
possible problems should you neglect the political arena. Count on
embarrassment. The inability to impress your will and orders upon the
city will weaken any foundation you might have otherwise built. Should
another possess definitive control of the political climate, you will find

: yourself hostage to her whim. Awaking in the evening to find your haven

dl condemned is the least of your worries. No prince can ever afford to

Gg ignore the political aspects of the kine in his city, and would be well-
a advised to seek dominion.

Police

Importance: High to Very High. It is the duty of every police officer to
maintain order in the city. This works directly in your favor, and puts
them easily within the parameters of your vision. The powers of search
and seizure are a potent weapon against fellow Kindred and mortals
alike, especially as most activity takes place in the sunlight. Arrest
warrants may be issued, all points bulletins put out, and suspects held
for special interrogation. The police force is an effective citywide army,
and it will be used. Be certain that you are one of those utilizing it, lest
you be victim of its use.

Cost of Utility: Moderate. It takes very little to make a useful contact with
someone in the department; some estimates say that up to 50% of
police officers are on the take. Civil servants are notoriously underpaid.
It is almost the civic duty of a law and order minded individual to further
the cause with a private donation where it will do the most good. Itis a
small step from eating out of your hand to drinking your blood, and then
they're yours. One or two well-placed agents can provide you with the
information you need to act effectively. Officers are very good at
spotting someone else's strings being pulled, even if they don't know
whose or by whom. This alerts you to tampering by other Kindred, and
knowledge of a secret is a valuable commodity in our society. They can
also provide minor services, such as forwarding copies of files, conve-
niently losing or rerouting evidence, harassing a malcontent, or even
holding a troublesome anarch in an eastern-facing cell until just past
dawn. Take care when using your agents, however. Overuse may alert
others that they are under your control, and you could lose them. Police
work is a very high risk profession.

Cost of Dominance: High. You must control the chief of police as well as

precinct and division commanders in order to assure that your orders

are followed. Itis probable that such total dominion is unlikely in a single
human lifetime, and ghouls in service for more than 40 years would
attract undue attention. With that in mind, it is advisable to seek out the
central administrative arm, the internal affairs division, and either total


level of political and media influence will yiieites tele simpler matter, but
by no means simple. Possession of the internal affairs division is an
advised choice; it offers you the means to neutralize the police agents
of other Kindred from within the system. If you manage to achieve this
enviable level of control, all that happens within your domain will come
to your attention, and you will be in the position to move forces rapidly
against whatever threat you wish.

Cost of Neglect: Catastrophic. The situation is similar to neglect of the

political arena, only more extreme. Imagine waking to find your busi-
nesses raided, your agents imprisoned or fugitives, and your own
person the subject of an all points bulletin. All of this and more may
befall a prince who does not concern himself with maintaining contact
with the civil militia extant in his own city. Unless the prospect of
becoming a fugitive in your own domain appeals to you, you cannot
afford to neglect the police force.

Nosferatu: Utility.
Toreador: Utility.
Media: Dominion.
Medicine: Utility.

__ ¢ Government: Utility.
_ *Police: Utility.

Hike of these assets attainable in the relative future. Relative future is
defined as 20 years or less.

Note that of informational resources, only Finance is recommended to
pursue to the level of dominion. You already possess vast wealth; it
would be little matter to turn this into even greater, and would take
significantly less effort than to achieve a similar level in the others.
Avoid the temptation that computer technology presents, for several
personal fortunes can be lost on a single ill-conceived idea. Similarly,
neither the Nosferatu nor the Toreador are suggested for favoritism.
Any such action would have to be in the form of alliances, and an
alliance can just as easily become a hindrance rather than an asset.
Without knowing the specifics of the clans in your particular city, | could
not in good conscience recommend either. Media dominion is vital to
a strong and enduring princedom, for with it you can control all public
information in regards to the breaking of the Masquerade. Neither the
police nor the government are recommended at this time. Should it
become necessary to bring members of either agency to heel on
individual matters, money and media attention, whether favorable or
negative, should be sufficient means by which to achieve your ends.

WDNINN AIDA

————

4 .
| .
\ ¢

a

09 OGIO Ow gs
ery ;
"ga

|

a

_————
1 Hides. .ecoont sere CHllll

FUN WITH ‘yon, BZ)
eeapereviT WOR Fase

=

——=

) AdvrTEHN 4

Ee

hes

hed
‘es 3 8

J
SSS)

<>

errs
Y Ray


How CLAN TREMERE May EXERCISE
THE GREATEST UTILITY FROM ITS ENEMIES.

By UDOLFO

It is verifiable fact that those on the path of righteousness will be met with
resistance from the unenlightened. The wise traveler realizes that every obstacle is
an opportunity for gain, however, whether it is personal or for the greater glory of
the clan. This will serve as an introductory lesson in the art of conflict management
for those who aspire to political greatness.

ENEMIES WITHIN

Conflict is an undeniable facet of our existence. All of us, whether collectively
or as individuals, are constantly seeking gain at the expense of others. Within
Kindred society, I shall examine conflict from all perspectives, with an eye to
governing the city by arranging enemies against one another.

THE PRIMOGEN

Traditionally the primogen are comprised of the eldest members of the seven
clans. There are a few geographical aberrations, but this definition is sufficiently

accepted to stand. These elders are the leaders of the city by default; having .

survived for centuries, they are powerful beyond the capabilities of the younger
Kindred, and thus demand respect. Weak princes rule with permission granted
from the primogen, and wise princes consult with them regularly to avoid sedition.
Nonetheless, the primogen do not easily set aside the perspectives of their various
clans. Indeed, it is much rarer for any consensus to last beyond the duration of any

entire clan against the dictates of any other member, even the prince.
fherefore, a wise leader will play one against another, keeping himself clear of the
ray. For example, there is little love lost between the Toreador and the Nosferatu;
former sees only surface, and the latter sees all too much of the former. It would
small matter to arrange for members of each clan to spend time with one
ther. The inevitable will happen, and someone will take umbrage. While the
clans are at one another's metaphorical throats, the prince can take action that
e or both would have blocked had they not been preoccupied. Put more plainly,
is wise to cultivate extremity in the primogen, so that there will always be at least
_ one polar opposite to any member on any given issue.

_ ELDERS AND ANARCHS

7 Itisasad truth that many childer of the other clans do not recognize the superior
_ wisdom of the elders. This is a testament to the foolishly weakening influence of
modern egalitarianism so popular among the kine. Many modern childer are either
unable or unwilling to abandon the ill-conceived and outmoded ideas of their mortal
life and seek a republican ideal for Kindred society. This is not our way, nor shall it
ever be. These youngsters are forces of chaos within our society, and they have been
labeled anarchs because of this.

The primary mistake these anarchs make is assuming that there are certain
: natural rights inherent in our existence. This is preposterous; they would not even
k) " exist were it not for the beneficence of their sires. Nonetheless, we live in a
i ileritocracy, where the primary merits are patience and continued existence. As
the more rash elements wither away, the merits of stability will begin to bear fruit.
It is no accident that most elders are cautious and calm.

___ Despite their disruptive intentions, the anarchs often serve as a unifying force
for rational Kindred. By virtue of their own writings and speeches, the anarchs are
a threat to our way of life. In light of this, it becomes necessary from time to time
i to band together and put them again in their proper place. This is the prince's
: Al _ Primary function. Internal threats are infinitely more damaging and dangerous than
external foes. However, should he prove to be too efficient at this, others may
et his necessity. Therefore, it is often wise to allow the anarchs to gain in
q ‘strength and number so that they become a threat. After the coalition to destroy
_ them, a period of relatively cooperative peace usually follows in which the various
4 - clans at least follow the pretense of working together to further their common
i interests. Similarly, if the elders among us grow to be too powerful and threaten to
_ unbalance the fragile coalition that allows us to exist, anarchs can be used to divert
4 them. A wise prince would encourage this cyclical growth, allowing first one and

then the other to gain power, only to be brought into line by the other.

_INTERCLAN STRIFE

Just as the primogen are prone to squabbling, so too are their respective clans.
mie of these reasons go back millennia, such as the antipathy between clans
fujah and Ventrue. Others are based on ideological differences or simple aesthet-

ME 187, SPRING 55


of perspective and
wisdom that age may bring their elders. Care should be taken, however, not to
allow the tension to erupt into full-scale war. Before allowing the strife to escalate,
one must be relatively certain one can put an end to it. This is often as simple as
calling a meeting of the primogen and explaining to the elders of the warring clans
the foolishness of such action in the presence of their contemporaries. Barring this,
or if it fails, one should be certain to be able to weather the brief but intense
firestorm of street combat. For members of our illustrious clan, such is a simple
matter.

PATRICIAN VS. PLEBEIAN

It is the nature of existence that a hierarchy will assert itself in any system, and
Kindred are no exception. In regards to social life, there is a marked distinction
between those who excel and belong and those who do not. The group of the
former is, of course, comprised of the Tremere, the Ventrue and the Toreador.
Others from different clans may belong, but this is as rare as one of the above either
choosing or being cast out of the upper echelon of social life. Those belonging to
the latter group are the Nosferatu, the Brujah, the Malkavians and the Gangrel.
Clearly malformed, the Nosferatu have the good grace and discretion to remove
themselves from public life. The Malkavians, though often times interesting and
insightful creatures, are too unpredictable and unstable to be allowed in proper
salons and Elysia on a regular basis. The Gangrel rarely wish to make the social
rounds necessary, and the Brujah have nothing but contempt for their betters.

Despite the clear and obvious reasons for the distinction, those of the plebeian
caste do not accept their lot with grace, even though their fate was often one of
choice. Envy is ever the lot of those who are inferior, and it fuels a seething hatred
that can be manipulated. As with interclan strife, however, it is a card that should
be infrequently played. Class warfare has destroyed much of the modern world, and
continues to do so into the next millennium. It cannot be allowed to do the same
for our kind. This form of strife is best suited for our clan to utilize, for we tend to
remain withdrawn from social gatherings, even when present. The Ventrue and
Toreador, however, are extraordinarily proud of their status, and they will defend
it ferociously. If trouble is allowed to occur, it will take little to start it. The Brujah
can be depended on for joining in, and the Nosferatu usually cannot resist
tormenting the Toreador. This will serve as a rather large and unseemly smoke
screen, but it is quite effective in masking whatever large scale action must be taken
without the knowledge or interference of the others. Similarly, it is a risky gambit,
but reluctant kudos may be offered to one who can form some sort of peace once
tempers are allowed to flare and old feuds are rekindled. Due to the nature of risk
involved, however, it is not advised; there are other, more stable ways to gain
respect and prestige from those reluctant to tender it.

36. | THE CIRCLE QUARTERLY

i 3 re

to remember threats from without. There are many who wish our society
others of our kind bent on nihilistic perversity, the kine that we so often
or granted, rampaging shapeshifters bent on destruction, or peculiarly tal-
humans and magi who had not the wisdom to follow us into our current and
or form. Nonetheless, great care should be taken in exercising any of these
h for none of these enemies have any reason to be trustworthy, much less
cooperative. At the very least, Camarilla vampires have the sustenance and survival
ol our way of life in common. Our external enemies have nothing of the sort to bind
hem to us.

HE SABBAT

These cretinous vermin are beneath contempt, and should be exterminated
whenever possible. This is especially true of the traitorous animals that call
themselves Tremere antitribu. However, if it is not possible to annihilate them, or
if it is not politically feasible, have others do it for you. The Brujah are imminently
anxious for combat, and the Sabbat provide an opportunity for violence with little
fear of repercussion for any party involved. Even anarchs seem ready to defend their
Cities from these monsters. No matter who passes away, it is a victory for the

Of more worth than actual Sabbat, and infinitely safer, is the rumor of Sabbat
activity. With a known wolf at the door, malcontents are reluctant to weaken
anything that may serve as a defense against the greatest threat to the Camarilla way
Of existence. Care should be taken in manufacturing Sabbat sightings, however, for
hould they be discovered to be false all future credibility may be lost. More to the
O int, Kindred may prove reluctant to respond to an actual report. This is much
nore threatening than any loss of status; Camarilla cities must not fall to these foul
Th . The simplest method of alerting others to the politically expedient threat of

aSabbat incursion is to magnify actual events. Small bands of Kindred, who typically
have little or no regard for the Masquerade, are known to roam the outlands and
beyond. Whether they are anarchs or the Sabbat, more will respond to accusations
» the latter than the former. Do not make the mistake of many princes and elders,
wever. They accuse all radical Kindred, in particular childer with anarch
Sympathies, of being Sabbat spies. Unless there is some shred of evidence, avoid

this cheap tactic. The bogey man becomes much less threatening if he is invoked
too often, particularly for obvious political ends.

ividually they may prove occasionally enterprising and difficult, yet they are
erently weaker creatures. Nevertheless, they outnumber us by several orders of

E 187, SPRING a7


ifes saan dieees 6 Gcmanlateaeeadatie's
poe When dealing with individuals or officials of order (police officers, utility
workers, government officials and private investigators) the primary fear any
Kindred should have is that of the Masquerade. This fear of exposure, combined
with possessing many secrets that the Kindred wishes to remain hidden, will make
for a very effective and unnerving encounter. Several such encounters in rapid
succession will unravel even the most resolute elder. Some have been known to
vacate Cities in response to just such harassment. Note that I do not speak of ghouls
and other retainers, who have been brought into our world and society by virtue
of the knowledge that we exist. Any who cannot use such readily available tools is
beyond instruction.

SHAPESHIFTERS

These creatures are individually more dangerous than the Sabbat. As we are to
humans, so are they to us. What knowledge has been gleaned from survived
encounters with this race of homicidal proteans has led to the conclusion that they
bear us an irrational, religious hatred that can only be satiated with our total
destruction. Unfortunately, we lack the might to demand a compromise as was
done with the Assamites. The cities are our domains, the wilderness theirs. Great
care should be taken with any attempt to use these creatures against one's enemies,
for they are holy warriors against us who are as likely to kill both the target and he
who requested the assassination. Yet they do serve a very real purpose in the
maintenance of order.

Because it is known that they roam the wild areas between enclaves of
civilization, intercity traffic of our kind is extremely limited. This is true to such an
extent that it is relatively easy to track all who enter or leave, and it fosters a sense
of siege mentality, particularly when the Lupines have attacked in recent memory.
They make a very serviceable sword of Damocles, encouraging others to work
together when otherwise they would not. Fortunately, it appears that these shape
shifters are more occupied with internal strife and other concerns to turn their full
attention to us, an eventuality that should chill the blood of any Kindred.

MaGI AND OTHER My THIC CREATURES

It appears that the forces of magic are returning to the world, if reports are to
be believed. Humans are again casting cantrips, sometimes with startlingly efficient
results. Reports, all from reputable witnesses, have also registered such creatures as
satyrs, demons, ghosts and wyrms. If at all possible, avoid these, for they wield
powers unknown to us, and have a range of motility beyond our own nocturnal
cycles. In particular, take extreme care in the presence of human magi, and report
any such contact immediately to your superiors.

Even rumor can serve, however. Activities can be masked as undertakings by
these classes of beings, especially if the imagination has been sown with rumors and
phenomena beforehand.

38 THE CIRCLE QUARTERLY

[Dare Books

NEW AND USED MANUSCRIPTS

Phoenix, AZ 602-555-1024

ee alee oping snore wooct thatind at work.
than provide a blueprint to be copied wholesale. There is no such adversity,
perhaps the final death, which cannot be turned into an asset. If no other —
yn is to be learned than this alone, all has not been in vain.

In the service of the greater glory of Clan Tremere,
Udolfo

Unusual Grimoires — Personal Papers
Alchemical Texts — Uncommon Antiquities
Creative Acquisitions upon Request
Demonstrations by Appointment Only

.Ask about our search service

Visit our web page @ http://dgw.rarebooks.com

Mh

eis


Tean,

As vequested by Monsieur )., here is my gen-
eval analysis of the clans and thei» probable
reactions to the ascension of a new prince. Ht
would seem to be a simple matter to extrapolate
the reactions to 4 proposed hing, as well; in-
crease the negative by the same onder of magui-
tude that the positive is decneased. Again,
urge Monsieur P. caution; time will in wo way
diminish the validity of his claims.

Wichel

On the Leading of the Clans

Kindred society is much like a synthesis of the medieval guild system and the

4 aristocracy of Europe until the early 20th century. Power and influence are grouped
according to membership in a familially structured group known as the clan. These
" clans are not lineages in any standard sense, but more a collection of individuals

infected with identical viruses that are, with minor exceptions, identical to the
viruses of the other clan groups. It is around these differences, however, that family
groups are formed. The delineation of the virus and its wide scale morphological and
behavioral effects are the subject of another inquiry. Only those aspects pertinent
to the discussion of the political and social structure of the Kindred shall be
addressed herein.

Traditional history, both oral and written, classifies Kindred into 13 groupings,
each named after a mythic, historically suspect sire or dam, reflecting the adolescent
desire for validation and the tidy answer to the teleologically troubling question of
existence. That each sire or dam traces lineage back to the biblical Caine [ sic ] is a
clear example of the internalization of persecution, namely that the afflicted are
indeed terrifying predators cursed to be the eternal "other." The similarities to
social and political outcasts among humanity, the "unafflicted," are clear. What we
are left with is a society that is comprised of individuals who expend a great deal of
self-definitional effort in setting themselves apart, attempting to come together on
the basis of similarity. It is little wonder that Kindred society is notoriously unstable.

What follows is an analysis of the seven tribe groups that comprise the majority
of the Camarilla and their responses to and views on the institute of princedom. In
their dealings with one another, the tribe groups cluster to what they perceive as like,
recreating the aristocratic hierarchy common throughout much of history. As
political definitions, the Brujah, Gangrel, Malkavian and Nosferatu clans make up
the "lower four," while the Toreador, Tremere and Ventrue comprise the "upper
three." To speak broadly about familial and cultural groups among humans would
be extremely prejudicial, and reflect more of the speaker's perspective than any
meaningful observation concerning the subject. To speak so of Kindred groups is
Significantly less prejudicial; one is not "born" into a clan, but is chosen to join. Such
choice is usually based upon a degree of sympathy between the infector and the
infected.

Brujah

These Kindred are bound together primarily by their rebellious nature, a nature

_ thatis only increased by the most marked behavioral symptom of vampirism. They

are quick to anger, and particularly well-equipped to give expression to it. Violence

| is most often the preferred means of discourse. Individually or as a group, they are
" iconoclastic. It is little surprise that the vast majority of the anarchs come from this

l
|
!

not unlike other strongly filial societies. The Brujah are palitical
the wave of whatever ideology i is prominent among humanity. As this is the modern,
postmonarchical age in the West, it should come as little surprise that this clan
heavily favors a republican or democratic form of government, as opposed to the
institutional despotism that has been the norm for centuries among our kind. It is
a small matter to lure members of this clan to the sides of change and revolt, but it
is much more difficult to form any sustainable coalition with them once power has
been attained. The failure of the soviet experiment demonstrates their instability
even when they alone are in charge.

If seeking to recruit members of this clan, approach their elders with respect.
A degree of personal bravado is expected as well. Do not treat them as the leather
clad hooligans their childer often are; many of these elders are quite literate and well
informed. Present arguments in a direct manner, but do not expect them to go
unchallenged; this is not a clan of followers. If you can make a favorable showing in
debate, you may gain the respect of the elders. This is a much simpler and more
elegant way than demonstrating physical superiority to the gang-like packs of young
Brujah who seem content with turf warfare and an arbitrary system of renown based
on daring and combat. Take care to stress the role of clan advisors and the role of
the primogen. Choose terms that allude to council based government. Above all,
give them something other than yourself to rebel against.

What do we want? Only something you'll never give: freedom. Eternity isn't about
kissing butt and being a toady, it's about either making it or failing on your own merits. But
then I guess you wouldn't understand that, would you? All princes are going to fall sooner
or later because there are more of us than there are of them, and we're gaining more every
day. The tyrants today, the smooth talkers tomorrow, and the "benign" despots at the end.
Of course, if they're really benign, they'll see that we're right...

Gangrel

Ofall the tribe groups, these are the most independent, solitary and self-reliant.
They insist on defining themselves as a collection of individuals, and never as a
cohesive unit. If the Brujah are pack minded, the Gangrel are solitary nomads. Like
many other nomadic societies, they have a long-established oral tradition. When
two or more Gangrel meet, it will be an evening of long stories, relating personal

observations and hearsay. If one Gangrel speaks well of you, it will soon pass to
others through this method.

The Gangrel value their autonomy above all else. It is unspoken tradition to
allow them free entry into and exit from all Camarilla cities, and with good reason.
Well-disposed, they are a source of information from other cities and the outlands
where most of our kind fear to venture. Angered, they are individually some of the
most combat-capable Kindred to be found. If many are angered, even Brujah give
them wide berth. Secondarily, they are intensely concerned with nature and justice,

the former most often in collusion with the latter. Their sense of justice is powerful,
though often biblical in its harshness.

2

ig ott gm
justices originating from an extant

with princes, and they prefer to keep it that way. Do not force them to take
tice of you.
What do the Gangrel want? This Gangrel just wants to be left alone for the most part.
ome and go as I please because I'm not afraid of what lies outside the cities. Sit in them and
ieme for all I care, but don't drag me into it. Remember that I go where you're afraid to
and deal with what you're afraid to deal with, damn near every night. Think hard about

Malkavian

Similar to the Brujah, these Kindred are also deeply affected by vampirism
‘ behaviorally. Unlike the Brujah, however, who share a common mental affliction,

_ the Malkavians each suffer from a unique affliction not unlike those found in
_ humanity. While actual numbers of the human "insane" are still being debated, it
_ can be assumed that significantly less than the majority possess those negative
mental states that those in power deem dangerous to social order. With these
dred, all are marked aberrations from the joint construct of sanity. Members of
this clan work together with deceptive ease in spite of (or perhaps because of) their
_ differing mental perspectives. Many Kindred ignore Malkavians, only to fall victim
_ to elaborate pranks that demonstrate a frightening degree of personal knowledge

concerning their person and habits. Insanity is a shroud of incredible use.

Regarding the institute of princedom, Malkavians do not speak with a unified
ce. Some number as anarchs, and some are staunchly conservative. Often one will
find individuals from either extreme of the political spectrum sharing pleasant
_ conversation; compartmentalization of differences seems to be a common asset. A
common mistake in dealing with Malkavians is persecuting the entire clan for a
collection of minor inconveniences and annoyances. Nothing will mobilize the
most persecuted of clans against a prince faster than a blanket accusation against
them. Deal with each as an individual, and inform elders of action against members
f their clan. Even a modicum of gentility and respect, if not perceived as
_ condescension, may earn good will. Avoid persecution, discourage it from others,
pad aside from the occasional disturbance, you should expect no trouble from this
:
4 So the turtle has come to the cuckoo, has she? How interesting...What does the king of
all she surveys wish of this little gnat? Ob, the princedoam: Tve often found that many are
only 10 or 11 inches; they fall short. Be sure you're all 12, and the first step is realizing that
you can't do it alone. There are powers larger than yourself that you have to consider. But
en why should you listen to me? No one else listens to the little man in the refrigerator who

_ works so hard to keep the light on when it should be on and off when it should be off. Maybe
| you know better than they, eh?


EaEOUA Viuay calf focileonaty calbe sec is 6 Bak alibi lan to
disguise the marks of their "affliction." However, there is a growing movement to
deny the necessity of hiding their visages from other Kindred. The direction and
degree of cultural transference in the idea of reclaiming words and ideas that were
previously prejudicial and culturally harmful is an interesting question; are riot
gtrrls, "queers" and racial minorities following the example of their comrades in
oppression, or have the Nosferatu appropriated human cultural ideas and imple-
mented them? Whatever the origin, this clan possesses a sense of unity that is one
based on visual commonality and negative value assigned their "curse." They are a
tight-knit group who have excelled — much like Jewish businessmen in Moorish
domain — in areas that others are loath to explore. The Nosferatu have long been
the forerunners among Kindred society in shifting to the information economy; the
trade of secrets has been their domain for centuries, whereas humanity has only
begun in the past several decades the wholesale shift to this medium. With the rapid
development in communication technology, both are advancing at an ever acceler-
ating rate.

As information brokers, it is vital to have a good business relationship with the
Nosferatu. This is the very least. Better still is to have them for allies, though they
do not give their loyalty lightly or cheaply. One point that is fundamental in dealing
with them is that of domain. Centuries of precedent have established the Second
Tradition to apply to the prince and the princedom, yet the Nosferatu claim the
sewers as their own. Grant this, for it is a small thing to give, yet the price for
withholding it is incalculable. The prospect of an invisible cadre of spies working
diligently and efficiently against you should give substantial pause. Treat them as
equals, though it may dismay members of the self-styled ruling elite clans. Centuries
of abuse and discrimination have made them suspicious of kindness. Be persistent,
for just as they are slow to grant their loyalty, they are similarly slow to discard it.
Though it should never come to an exclusive situation, I would advise extremely
careful consideration of the worth of the totality of the "upper three" versus the
Nosferatu alone.

Ya wanna know things? Ya came to the right place, then. Most folks do, sooner or later,
at least the smart ones. Take a seat. Yeah, that really is a chair... prince, huh? They're the
ones who paint this big design of concentric red an' white circles all over themselves. I never
understood the point, but I'm no fashion expert. Huh, you didn't take the bait. Anyway,
they're the ones that try to run things, only most bite off a lot more than they can chew. Fust
‘cause they have a title doesn't mean they can do stuff, especially not unilaterally. It takes good
information to make good decisions. I can see you're one of the ones that get this simple but
vital point. Now let's talk about price...

‘is the cu 1. The vampiri n engenders
a fee Uke age rption with the beautiful that is the
own and often mocked er gabe of the Toreador. (Despite the Romantic
Be ee ita ispakvetgi ae part ofthe oral and written
on of these Kindred.) This is the precondition for their obsession with art, or
wholesale rejection of it. These reactions, properties of the artiste and poseur
es respectively, reenact the classic attempts to gain some form of control over
which dominates the individual. It is nothing more than working within the
rem," or rejecting it wholesale.
Toreador are social creatures. They often behave as nouveau riche striving to
: er the salon culture they believe to be their duty, much like the subjects of
television melodramas. They have internalized an aesthetic of their elders, most

Ey

_ without considering the benefits and restrictions.

The opposite extreme is that of the tortured artist, the Byronic hero who must
suffer for his art in an attempt to recreate as a capricious muse the petty tyrant that
ntrols his perceptions. Despite their position on the polaric scale, all' Toreador are
imarily concerned with beauty and the artificial attempt to create it. Politically,
ey seek protection for and access to these works and the environments that create
em. Any alliance with them must take these factors into consideration. You do
more than your political aspirations a favor by virtue of patronage, but you must take
€ not to patronize one artist, medium, or locale to such an extent as to slight
others. The Toreador are quite sensitive to slight, whether intentional or percep-
tual. If at all possible, portray the previous or extant prince as indifferent or
_ antagonistic to the arts. This task should be a relatively simple matter, as most
rinces are more consumed with the nightly operation of their domain than with the
tus of a particular artist. Take pains not to fall victim to this yourself. If the
evious prince was known asa patron, the best you can hope for is that the Toreador
not take sides in the political arena. If they do, they will stand with the known
_ Patron.
4 Obviously, we want some degree of safety, but not stifling control. How can art flourish
when rigidity is the norm? There is no art then, only clever rendering. There must be some
degree of risk in the air, some feeling that anything could happen. Creativity demands no
8. Of course, we do not wish for street warfare or Machiavellian backbiting: tres passé. Wit,
however. .do not confuse feeble scheming for true wit, for only a fool sees no difference. Which
inds me, did you hear what a certain highly placed Ventrue said at the opera last night...?

‘Tremere

__. Despite the shroud of archaic mystery and hermetism, the Tremere are by
_ definition the most modern of all the clans. Unlike the other clans, there is no
inherent flaw specific to the Tremere as a result of the vampiric condition. Nor is
"there a mythic, pre-Cambrian progenitor and creation myth. Their founder is
tant, if reclusive. If their claims are to be believed, the initial ranks of the Tremere
were chosen from the ranks of literate, analytical natural scientists of their day.
Certainly not devoid of any superstition themselves, one cannot help but wonder if

Bi

5


Rumors of dark and sinister experiments constantly surround this clan; do not
investigate them too thoroughly, lest you earn their enmity. Allow them their
secrets, until so doing becomes politically untenable, or until they transgress the
traditions. Politically conservative, they favor order over all else. Should you be able
to make substantive progress toward stability, if not nominal peace, the Tremere
should support you. If, however, you wish to unseat a competent, though stifling
prince, they will ally against you, preferring the known to the unknown ifitis beyond
their control. Be very wary ofaccepting gifts or aid from them; the Tremere are well-
known for their ability to offer proper assistance at critical moments. Though it may
prove to be useful, even vital, the eventual price for such aid will be commensurate
to this value. Once in power, the Tremere will support you so long as the
Masquerade is maintained. Be wary of angering them, for though your organization
may survive their antipathy, it will likely not survive their enmity.

Order is of primary importance to Clan Tremere. None of us are safe if the Masquerade
is broken. Discipline is paramount; those in charge cannot afford the luxury of compassion.
Leave that for mortals. Our way requires more. What we seek in a prince is the ability to
see our society as a collective, a whole, rather than a collection of fractious and vocal
individuals. If few must be cast aside so that the safety of the rest are assured, then so be it.
Naturally, the most violent and chaotic among us would be the logical choice for such an act
of selfless sacrifice. Never let it be said that the anarchs are wholly without merit.

Ventrue

Exclusivity personified, or perhaps vilified. Though the changes wrought by
vampirism in members of this clan have been debated as being both physical and
behavioral, more recent inquiries focus on the mental aspect, specifically internal-
ization. The ruling classes throughout history have been known for discrimination,
whether genuine or affected. In the Ventrue, this discrimination has reached its
ultimate peak: the ability to ingest only certain blood from certain individuals.
Curiously, there is no pattern to this exclusivity save what might be gleaned from a
deep knowledge of the particular Ventrue. Most are aware of this, and guard
themselves against any true degree of closeness lest their individual weakness be
disclosed. This level of caution borders on the paranoid; it is as if each member of
this clan, known to frequently fill leadership positions, assumes the distance that is
common between true leaders and their flock.

This personal distance manifests as a conservatism that surpasses any in either
human or Kindred not of the Ventrue clan. This extends to both the personal and
the institutional. Members are accustomed to positions of supremacy, in particular
the trappings that often accompany such positions. Wealth is synonymous with
security, and it is flaunted with unconscious ease as the one visible distinction
between the aristocracy and the commoners. This penchant for the cautious
approach and plodding pace of achievement makes recruitment of these Kindred a
difficult task. No action will be taken unless it is clear that the chances for success

6

gl iio i germane Ens

resistance from this clan. Fach meer iatartstoceaietecte
uld be a better ruler than any other, and has a personal list of flaws and
es that known sovereign have made. Appeal to the existence of this list without
specific reference to it. Revealing too greata degree of personal knowledge
ta member of this clan will be met with instant suspicion bordering on E
logical. Once in a position of leadership, patience and care are the keys to
with the Ventrue. The anticipation of perceived flaws implies the correction
avoidance of them. Above all else, do not appear as rash and headstrong. Work
e the safety of the Ventrue, and they will follow.

A prince should be many things: a shining example of noblesse oblige, a savvy negotiator,

bless and efficient enforcer of our laws, and a careful strategist with deep knowledge of
nt and future trends. These criteria are nonnegotiable, having been proven necessary

d sufficient over the centuries. Decorum is only slightly less important, but its lacking may

looked if it is not too great and the other requirements are met. Of course, most
e worthy of that name possess all of these traits, and were chosen to join our ranks on

asis of their closeness to this ideal. We typically rule cities for a reason, you know.

_ Itis my hope, Monsieur P., that this treatise may serve your needs. Knowledge
the clans, the particulars of the vampiric state that define them as tribe groups, and
w these particular traits have been dealt with historically, gives a significant
jount of information about the outlook of each. A careful approach, based on this
owledge and couched in terms to appeal to the intended target, would increase
chances of success. However, let me urge caution in this matter. Patience has
been a virtue of your line, with the few exceptions serving as a warning in their
e. Allow the organization to grow slowly until such time as all agents can
mbine their power and expertise to achieve your ends. The goal itself is noble; I
d be more loath to see it fail than my personal involvement alone could account

As ever, I am yours to command.



y ith the congratulations of yeut contemporaries.
many enemies te pursue and critics te stlence in the
days ahead. PC eusdives, cts my Acye that you «will take, the
Despite phat the more ambitions Kiinds ¢ advisors
ain the position by vatue of anything other than sheer
, then you have already established a model for the
operation of your prcze. Ferget fer the moment clan
ite, the antipathy beteseen elders and their pregeny, or
the Sabbat; any moderately comypetent administra-
can discern ways to deal with these prosleme. Unstead,
shall define three arenas in hich ét is vital te establish
"a dominance: the public, the personal and the prevate.

Che Locate Fice

Ve hasbeen called many things: the persone, the facade
dccuntless others. Che public face & something thatmest
At, though fees ever shaye étto meet thectneeds. Chés és the
cna that most usually asseciate with a prince. \s a
der who esishes te suruccue fer any length of time, you
ot afford the luxuries of apathy and indifference.
nly fects ot clever enemies esilltcll you that honesty és the
zt policy; the former cut of ignorance ct naiveté, and the
Atter cut of an active desire te de you el.
a. ores. must shayoe the face that you present to all, Hats
e been developing the tac, materials fer such an en-
Reaver since yout first duyliciteus act. Cake Hock of chat
70 possess, and de uct be afraid te discard that which nc
Mises seiues. Do not be hasty ia thes, ote patience


= ne at is

ig aetia but not for me. Pest assured that
i ned cass 51 ét, ethers can as esell. Chey will use ttasaheck,
he be gour undoing. 7 \ever, ever present anyone wtth a true
weakness. Chis tonct the same as presenting a front deveid
of any weakness; that eill only arteuse suspicion and un-
canted curtosity. De act be seamless, ac matter how hard
gou present yourself. Riddles beg te be solved, so you must
be certain te have several artificial sclutions prepared.
2 Perhaps these generalities are confusing. Let me offer
a an example: Let us suppose that a relatively ness prince has
come to poeer, and he & guite naive politically. Further-
mere, he truly wishes te believe the best about others, despite
the lessens te the contiary that expertence and time have
provided. Finally, there isa dream of a perfect city, se vast
serves fer my purposes.
ihe first weakness relatively siorole te disguise.
7 \aiveté isan unfortunately commen vice, but it need not
be fatal. Pa acceptable response chen confronted witha
question that you might be incapable of dealing ett —— ot
not willing te deal with — is silence, punctuated with
either astecly glare cr seeming indifference. Ps the silence
et the silence gros again by half past what you think is
sufficient, then ask the presenter of the problem how he
would suggest that gou deal esith ct. Uf executed correctly,

eo ees) ne

a POM? or ee a ee
Bree. ig is ss, youth $4;

Gl ing So Coliceveithe beet of athare, this te avtaglel

rou

ae whe could aoishe te survive among cur hind? os :

2 this enough te gou. D cansbe tego causes fer

fe CUhe Acie dangerous reason, pds " Po, «: fc: te
ac sa position ef deminancecanharber this frac ead :

g survive. Bae must assume thatall have Leasouite aud
rey Ve political terms, a fier vel os somes: ne whe seesunc ae
um. Cake a lesson prom the lunatics, and try to place

oe
oy

urself inside thecr minds. Think as they think, plot as

Pe

with their revolutionary comrades. Lae
i dream alone. Without structure
Ee see most.

a My prediction is 20 years at

76

alse most likely temeve gout head as cell. KQemenber,
FP cc Mthest Ueere are fois ex-princes, yet there ate many
eal enh.
Ds Par chocevcans Wg Hiei cof Hampertect eile that
must possess viscon; etthcut ct they are ncthing more thana
I tempest, being moved in various directions by
forces beyond their contrel. Wang so-called princes end "yp
follessing this course, having become more concerned with
maintaining their position than with accomplishing ang-
thing ofactth. ‘Chése arenct leaders, but Kgurceheads. + OD
shall not become one of their number. will correct this
mistake perser } cf Sneed be. U trast gou recall what a
harsh teacher V can be.

Worse than lack of vision, hocever, ts blindness. Those
whe strive to straddle fences te retain their gilded thicnes

AG

jt

© are at least aware of the shifting forces arteund them; they

must be. cLealets ate not so bound to the realities of cur
existence. They see naught but the perfect wotld of ther
visten, and are consequently incapable of timely et effective
aition. Our exemplary prince suffers prow ywot such a
malady. Tbe seeks to recreate the glorious cities of antig-
uity, tohich & certainly ancble geal. PPO OG cur prince
ssc blinded by his dream that he sees and can think of little
else. oth perception and reaction are based not onactual
Pi cumstances, butowein ideal hich dewict aist Wear-
ong such fetters » CU prince cannct be proactive to any real
event. Che best that he can hove fet iste be manipulated by
these whe Ate acare of his dream. ‘Che epctst Ae can expect
és death.

w -. the esise prince would fall beteseen these tese
extremes. Utisasad truth that wise princes are exceedingly

R
trengths. Chese shallseweasthe skeleton of the persona
we shall shape forrtin. oe us presume in dima
% equal te the esclverine incligencus te. Your new
2. Foe shallalse posses a strength of egcll andan active
e that, ehen used in concert, proves to be guite effec-
SiGe shall bea learned man, a product of continental
re with an acute and insightful Acarencess of history.
ne 5 let us assume he iscfa schelartly breed ath a past
long and glorious that fers can recall et, and culy see hin
anaimlessucmad, cratbestanitinerant dreamer. Chese
not inconsequential merits, and can prove to be an
Me foundation.
A\nticipate the reactions of ethers, FT \axasetlt, (lace
At, act beyond you. cu should depend cw being
sperceived; ét és your one-time advantage nw dealing
others. ia ell expect a temypestucns dilettante or
ideclegue. ever be eshat others expect of you, unless
SetV1E5 Your purpose. Others mag be lclled inte couvpla-
by the preyer presentation of their cosa expectation.
prince might gain the freedom te obserie and scheme
cut being cbhserved Aimself cf he plays the part of the
tempered dilettante, get he must be Aware of what he
es in the bargain. Vt has beew ina expertence that it &s
easter te retuin to type having presented an unex-
Pe ctec face, rather than vice versa.
: Pour purpose o te unbalance your po tat enemies.
weuld be well-advised te consider all whe vcsct you as


can ho és te be underestimated. CAn : , Z
mest will assume the latter. Vt is te them that Via ress nrg
at point. — - "4 3
\0c matter hee carefully you may construct your per-
, tell be pierced €. pect this, and prepare for it. A
ary public persona, assuming you are in a siinilar

he would eppese hin. 2 shoul. act hesitate te
physical action himself ashen there ts little to be lost.
diticna , the occasional layse inte personal viclence :
refres hing, tag the mind of all save the tmme- ts
; of the experience. am certain you haces of shat O

s aving nee tego personae, cur prince aced only eotk

, viclent despothe usually yretendste be. Vl that »
we concetning public performance és the shifting be-
the tise. Again, ét ts not wise to shor a featureless,
brceble wall. cae secondary persona should be al-
te "slé We certain te take note of these he show ne

a

se; they are the ones whe are alieady

, point to be made here is that you cannct become
dicte . Chis extends te the shifting betescen personae.
have beew far toc restrained, fly inte arage over the
cot offense. Uf gou have been brooding and viclent, a
1 exercise your eel, and tefus

ie

ME,

among Ay of cur hind, for we are a uicious breed, and ese
SurEr Coy te insurrection than an eternally distant liege. Dd
: : ‘ Dust as you needa public persona, you alse need one fer
private audiences. J private audience & any pituation tw
La which gou coh to foster the Conpresscon among these present
| : that youare lessening the distance betegeen you, that youare
| : revealing a confidence. Aus can even be the confidenc: ~€ of

a direct threat ot shoes of anger. Ve need net be an act
| Ve ell act suffice te arverely revamy your public persona
fer personal use. J \o measure of trust epcll be gained frowr
ao presenting gour audience with that ehich you freely offer te
enn others; tomnustbe something nees. Chee & something that you
have done mang times before. Dawe positive that you deunct
sceveal your true motivations te these «sith whem you speak.
Four continued existence proof of this. Chés time, your
advantage eclhbe that you consciously craft thismask prect
te tts use. U deen toirzecall your wits being incapable of

: fabricating a convincing act at the scene of the crime.
| 2 Let usreturn te cur prince, whe hasbeen a fine example

te convince someone of hés authenticity éf he exists within a
hacia frame of teference. V\0c matter that he can converse

| ae ae esi ti Oa aR
| ofthe ) z ucme, the primary persona cftaman of

 edlture and learning will net be comfortable to many
‘ ett cso contrary te thers expectations. Theiss

DE ichoneinbadsccr face: Hc ill find thatitisensier, a

‘a

imilarly, the petty despot, though much closer to
ctype, toc uncomportable fer easy toleration. Del
a a perhays because of ihe prepuclices cur prince
t face due te his lineage, acne of his subjects Bulg wishes
te nete that these eho are most strongly prejpuciced
alse those che cannct stand te have an "taferiot" ina
oA of poser cover them. Of cur prence ecshestecretainhis
De Mecclel cn scumerepeiig. allaiy the Fema of Ain
ots and present a less ucclent face in personal situa-
as ‘Che ebuicus choice fer a private persona would bean
gar of the primary and secondary public faces,
than a censtiuct that is untguely whele and distinct
either.
és person etth the passionate temperament of his lineage te
' e a believable persona. There &s the possibility that
use are the tracts that the prince himself possesses, at Least
part. a Aeeis commendable; the acting & easier to sustain
e part of the rele és alse a part of the actor. Cake kote
prince, Accever. Tbe &% carefull anette carelessly reveal
con passions the passions of the tole, ner the inverse.
Ue &s eminently acare of the relative ease in blurring his
mon mctivaticns with these of this facade because ét &s bce
closer te Kis cegn tiue nature. On. nA particular
A leain from this creation of a prince.
et usretutn te the lessons learined in dealing eotth your
be. P\gain, ene facade will not be enough
cu must create personae te fet your needs. HV carefull
tessa Maa pier oe Bee "A

ri:
S

-

prince would go further and e at least seme


every |, motion and tone of vetce nw every soctal situa-

tion, and gou would be correct. the spotlight serves to

WL cine you, te serve as a targeting beacen. Bow must be
prepared of you wish te endure and prosper. Though the
entire sendte tock part én the murder of AsAL, Cne knife
alone would have sufficed. pliciget your guard at Your coon
wed,

Che Private ‘ Self

i adie teld you how te deal cith others. 7 Nees Descll tell
gou Ace te deal with your truest and most clever enemy:
yourself. Ferget fer themeomentall acting and assumption
of reles; thisisanathemate self-knowledge. the prince whe
misleads his subjects & eise. ‘Che prince wohe misleads

himself Oa feet. cucatty the seeds te your cen destiuction

"asethcn your breast. V de not speak ta metaphor Aere,

PT aciell. Dd speak of cour primal nature, the howling
savage whe lurks yest beloes the surface. Ve &% particularly
strong in you, a combination of your passionate nature that
sets you apart from the rest of the couwnen herd se many
years age, and ary cEgn familial influence. ope regards te
this east V can offer gou fees words of advice, for each
arust forge Ais coon aay with ét. De not be tempted by ct:
Though uw offers poet and stenplicity, thés purity of excst-
ence snectetthcutcoensidercable cost. Vdeuct think that you
all secial interaction beyond viclence and the search fer
sustenance CAnderistand that hich drives this primitive

"heart. Vt escohes fer security and dominance, desires that

strche a resonant choid with the desire te tule cver others.

Pike.

2 you net, Lappe, sae

vreofthe possibility, andturinitte youradvantage. Sore
create something uniquely your cons a domain

Lt You shall live in safety and comfort. Che VScast
o eisthes fer thés. cus convencent fet you that the
tions thatruleusalsc serve Your purpose. Deesnctthe
of a city have the power to allocate éts finite rescurces?
: &s not unheard of for a prince te reserve the choicest
ect anything less of you. Prepely fed, your primitive
: vs a leader, you are held accountable for the safety of
: atthin your domain. V)\uch can be done in the name of
- pre. gourself can easily be explained Ads pro-
Zo HUE & merely a question of redefinition.
ive that isa personal danger te you cannet be
Bite assuch. Unatesl, Les calledadangerte the entire
ain. JOclitical turmvil servesasa fene examyle. CAn-
) Ad prince, youhave succeeded inalienating asignificant

" erof your subjects, mestetllrct ish te risk thenvselues
et political motivation. Vt is much more difficult te over-
ection from enemies. Ander the guise of protecting
realm, protect yourself. De act be afraid of being
is 255, but neither should you fear the appearance of
Nec. UV} forced te choose beteseew and harshness,

ex should aleays choose the latter. Uf you ve tock harsh

atlakle te seek redress. ce elec ef you are

oi:

eee

BRestratngour temper. Chis isthe crack through which the
ee rr Ne ee eee
With | you can procure encugh sustenance and create a
bevelofsafety that willholditin check. Chere is little proof
againet anger. Four fury, much like my coon, &% legendary.
are already planning te exploit tls <scakneds. One need
kaces nothing mere than your lineage te possess knowledge
of this weakness, fer weakness it most certainly ba there cs
a tome fer righteous anger, get eshen the hewsling VZeact
obscures all «ith scarlet fury, ct & difficult te be discrimé-
nate tn gour artath. Sou must held it in check; your cll és
fet nothing éf act for ths. Do notte manipulated by your
heritage. i
Paving addressed the Vodcast, let rhe now address the
t cverlocked aspect of gour state: your Auman emotions.
orget act from cohence you come, Waxesell. Theugh you
| © area breed apart, you stcll share much with the commen
Me mass of humanity. he histery of Auman existence is written
ia 6t6 coon Uoed. Chung which & assigned negative esotth,
namely fear, Aatted and desire, has already been dis-
cussed. Dour aature merely exacerbates these. Set there &s
alse ancther aspect te emotional life that you eoculd de eell
te acknowledge.
Having considered and dealt with vice, Dischl address
virtue. UV shall not speak of religious tenets.
‘Che demands of your existence make such exhortations
shallos condescension. Leaving degma and ethics be-

compassion, temerse and love.

eppesite. Vhave told geou te be hard when necessary, and Z

aes

hind, P etl tell you semething of the valuesand dangers of

great asset. Setuse deo not exist in the short term, and
onic that the guest for contrel of one's domain se ttew
$ te boss of contrel of one's self, yet that is the nature of
aistence. Poaceae; frequent displays of ompassion
limit your effectiveness asa leader. Prt best, your
slays of emction ecll be questioned, P\t ectrot, they egcll
elicved and your resclue and steadiness will be gues-
ved. Compassion, especially sincere compadssion, a
a prince cannot often display ca public. vers put
storyply, you must feel syorpathy fer these in patn lest

ot publicly act on this sympathy. Kings often have
te confessors and numerous confidants. Jrvinces Aave
such luxury, nor can they afferd . Sous wcll be alone
this pain and you etl anguish ever ct. Chem: he
ens to cvertehelin you, take sclace in the fact that ct is
2 than the altetnative. Ht mag ell be the only coufort

dave.
Miemctse is perilously close te compassion, yet stcll nct
mest dangerous and necessary of emotions. Chile
ote lies specifically te these gou feel gou have
wged. cnct forget arg Cnjpunctions against self-delu-
ve eZ become brittle and rigid. V \cither of these traits

re position fer ang appreciable length of time. De act
‘ these pangs qf conchae for cn bos . se, gouagain


furthering yourcon agenda: grant exclusive hunting rights
eotth the tayuncttonw te police the area and restrain cthers
from breaking cur traditions Mtv ctn; alles cgsstter to
adeyt asadchilde one whom gou etbtr to see yocu cur tanks.
V\bse, vet forget the world of the conunen herd; great
suffering can be alleviated with but a mines exercise of your
powersand influences, and such anenspecific act of charity
may ocllify your guclt, Though not pure by any stretch of
the imagination, these are the only public acts of Lemorse
gou can afford. Keavevse, tec, & oftew a public liability jn
a ruler, yet tisa necessity in one of cur hind.

Cotes I lever Rae more blocd been syclt nor mere te-
demyption found than because of thés emotion. CAnless you
are significantly more degenerate than WD tak Atare of you
eycll still be suscerstible te éts call. ‘Cazes & not in étself a
ecakness: far from ot. Wow cannect conecte the realities of
your sctuation ot station, Aceever. Cole abe a cruel, precda-
tery breed, mere often than uct conceined about cur coon
survival over all else. Vt is a sad truth of life that love és
rarely reciprocal, and virtually never in exact proportions.
These vagaries are treubling encugh tw commoners, yet
they tAuite hidpeter incur hind, One iameverse velnerable
as ehen one has totally exposed oneself te the object of
aidcr, Usthe beat of all possible situations, nothing mere
tecarding than reguited love, and nothing keeys thedark-
Aess further at bay. Should this lucky occurrence befall
gon, Acesever, understand the potential liability a consort
may be seen as. Deo net attempt te disguise the situation;
Pepe chee ome whe would use the object Ure

C ze Se Pee She
yp cur kind. Vt is much mere commen fer the to be
culd capitalize on the situation. Leurtship ts a game;
tudy Cayellanus tf you deo net recall the rules. cact
sitate te make demands on Gour pursuet, demands that
LL serve your cin ends. Of gou are the pursucr, rest assured
the obyect of your affections ell most certainly do the
etc you. Dicaelel advise youte court only these fer whom
uM feel no strong emotion. Sous ell still gain the prestige
courtshiv, and ét ell pass the time aa moderately
ant manner. Of you ate strongly smitten, however, do
neg at first but observe. Aboveall else, gou deucteoant
diacy undue attention te gour interest in the chserved. Vd
certain you can tmagine the leverage one might try te
tan with such knowledge. Crxercise your critical facclities
the utmest, and strive te remain objective. Oesculel advise
unotte initiate any action on your cen, but Vrealixe that
: advice will mest likely go unheeded in the heat of
; DASSCOHM. Vuctead, D anil urge cautlien, 17 Whenc wove that
be unabashedly motivated by love; cathe, encoutage the
: yect of affection te make a similar move. CNnder no
circumstances, Aceever, should you engage in any bonding
e your pursued te yourself. Duck action provides the mere
7 liusion of love; its steadiness and unaavering nature only
add te the knowledge of tts unnatural origin. Take this
eppertuncty te learn from the mistakes cfancther; thedeath
S cone whe was once loved isa difficult bearles. te bear,
hands. Uf} the choice is te merely pine ot bond the beloved, V
Hrongly encomage you te be satiofied tith pind


peop ae aa a ITE
maudlin and ineffectual because of these emnctions. oc.
egcll desire fer love, get you must nct expose gourself
ergourbe WR pope ennconies. Un eostitee, i tii 45 ences
Wess emotions te others; you ist leada compattmental-
ézed life, alene ecth your emctionsandhard pressed te find
mnppic yp cane exyresscow fer them. uch &s the nature of
princedeom. De boa decidedly solitary existence, yet cone
which cannet be abdicated eithout great personal 25k. Ve
is the proverbial tiger; once grasped, ct cannot be safely
lecsed. We rz) my Aeye that, egtth my advice and Your cegn
natural intelligence, you will come te accortds with the
tiger, and serve ct as much as it serves you. De net.believe
that you can contrel tt, and do nct let it conticl you. VE és
my instruction te tule well and long. De act disappoint
me, VW axegell.

Cstefan


PSE ae een

Selle 8 Sti ATL TUMOR ZZ

as
a . 5 4p7°
aLiiela smd hadi aiud

Ane *
32 MM Ay"

hes' "yy GA

hiihe

BES

aa —

a fe

%
la

VY,

XN NN NZ Z at
s: way

uN jun Crs

\Y

i
| s
, } RP. aaa
-_/ ; Rawees AS oS
At | . See
és | 2?
ny hme ‘
"e, . '
‘ "oJ
o
oat
7


lder ‘who claim the right $5 control us s by their more
potent blood would see me destroyed for what I am about to
tell you. You may not believe me, but a letter such as this,
were it to fall into the right hands, is capable of causing
more damage than an entire army of anarchs could to those
decrepit fools. Those who rule do not share their secrets;
those who attain power and who are wise do not reveal how
they achieved their position. I am telling you these things
because in you I see a power worth cultivating; a leader
capable of becoming a dynamic prince in whatever city you
choose as your domain. I am writing this to tell you about
those tactics that I have found to be effective in that long

climb to the top. Heed my advice, and you will prosper. Ig-

nore it, and think of me when they stake you out for sunrise.

You may be asking yourself who I am. What city do I rule
over that I should dare to give such advice? I am no prince.
I rule over no domain, nor shall I ever. If I did, I would
see this letter suppressed and destroyed. I have fought the
elders for centuries, since before the betrayal of the Coun-
cil of Thorns.

I remember the day of the great betrayal, even as my
fellow soldiers shackled themselves with a few strokes of the
pen. I was the only one among us to really see the fear be-
hind the elders' eyes, and secure in that knowledge, I walked
forth from that chamber with my head held high....

On those first nights after the great betrayal, the elders
were faced with a very real threat to their security. Those
anarchs who chose to submit to the Convention were Blood
Bound to the elders of the fledgling Camarilla, their punish-
ment to slave for their new masters as the front line of
defense in preserving their precious Masquerade. Today many
of those ex-anarchs who survived are the princes and primogen
of many cities. This shall be my revenge upon them: I shall
help those who are now younger, hungrier and most ambitious
to take the power that was given in return for this traitor-
ous service. liy only payment for the secrets I give you is
your success, for it means that some traitor whom I have
known for five centuries has seen his last sunset.

As for what I shall tell you, the elders do not want these
things to be known. I have, in my long years, seen many at-
tempts at seizing the title of prince. Some have even
succeeded. I have seen which tactics work, and what mistakes
are commonly made. I have fought the elders of our kind for
sontee tee: and my vengeance upon them is to tell you, who
eir eesteens how to supplant them.

elem soagi Leeare: ae MEL, bodies! tha}, you'will. anavitahly
step over to reach that throne that interest me.

I. On Establishing a Mortal Power Base.

The first step in your quest for dominance among Kindred
is to build a power base from mortals. This is easier said
than done. We revel in our ability to control and manipulate
that which is around us. This is not to say that we are sub-
missive to authority ourselves — the Brujah and the anarchs
are proof of this — but we all desire some control over our
existence. We want secured feeding grounds, enough status to
give us the freedom to pursue our pleasures, and the security
to be able to hide from our enemies. It does not matter what
ideology one follows, we Kindred are self interested crea-
tures, and our primary goal is perpetuating our own survival.

The best way that we Kindred have of assuring our survival
is to control the resources of mortal society. Unlike the ;
mortals, who see the world as full of endless resources free
for the taking, we Kindred see the world as a dark place with
very scarce resources worth killing, but not dying for. Our
primary purpose lies in establishing safe and reliable herds,
and this is only possible through controlling those things
that keep the kine strong and secure. As a result, all sen-
sible Kindred establish control over an area that they will
guard against all comers. This territory, whether it is a
physical area, an aspect of Kindred political life, or some
area of mortal influence, will be that Kindred's own personal
domain. All Kindred attempt to build such domains, and they
jealously guard their holdings.

Because of this brutal fact of Kindred society, you will
find that every aspect of whatever city you have chosen to
make as your home has some amount of Kindred influence over
it already. As such, you will find yourself in a very inter-
esting situation. Namely, you will only be able to increase
your influence at the expense of another. This is yet another
reality of our kind. The only way that you will succeed is
through another's failure. The only way that we Kindred can
gain some stability or security is by taking it from another.
This is the primary reason why friendships are impossible
among our kind. We are the quintessential predators, and in
the end, we will feed upon each other.

Your first priority in building a base of influence over
mortal society is to achieve financial stability. Just how
you get the money that will be necessary for you to expand
your influence is up to you, but remember that you must pay


seen a single audit destroy some Kindred. I have watched

_ereditors chase a Cainite across a hali-dozen new identities,
ignorant of what they pursued but willing to brave the gates
of Hell to retrieve their assets. You must acquire assets
that are both extensive and secure. This is the primary rea-
son that so many of us fake our deaths after the Embrace, or
go to great lengths to establish new identities. It secures
our liquid assets so that even our beloved heirs cannot get
their hands on then.

Once you have established yourself as financially stable
and are able to raise some funds, your next priority will be
to make some long-term investments. Anything that you choose
to put your money into over a period of time counts as such.
You may want to make traditional investments — I recommend
utilities or real estate — or you may simply choose to put
your money into very tangible assets, such as houses, cars
and other property which can be turned into cash with a mini-
mum of fuss. It is a very good idea to make sure that these
items are in someone else's name, preferably that of a Blood
Bound ghoul who will not only minister your affairs but also
remember to pay the property taxes.

Always remember that in whatever you do, the Ventrue will
have been there first, and that you are treading in their
domain. They will have bigger houses, faster cars and more
powerful businesses under their sway. Do not let this bother
you. Remember, you are not in competition with them just yet.
So long as you do not present a threat to them, the blue
bloods will ignore you in their arrogance. Just remember to
tread carefully and avoid stepping on any toes until you're
at the point where you can do so with spikes on your soles.

Your next priority will be to establish some police ties
for yourself. Once again, you will find that other Cainites
have been here long before you. It will be safe to assume
that in any Camarilla-held city most commissioners, precinct
heads and other upper echelon police officers are controlled
by the ruling prince or powerful elders. It will also not be
unusual for most neonates to have occasional beat cops condi-
tioned to look the other way concerning their feeding habits.
With just about every Kindred in the city interested in con-
trolling some aspect of the police, you will find that your
priority will be to find some niche in the city's law en-
forcement which you can lock all other Kindred out of. This
will involve identifying which aspects of the police force
are most open to exploitation and subversion. Internal Af-
fairs is ideal, but is rarely available. However, any
department has dents in its armor.

se . most importa: . remember is that any police |
- department is made up « ople, and people have weaknesses.
It doesn't matter how you establish control over a faction of
_ the police department, just make sure that your control is
solid and firm. Once you have even one small aspect of a
police department under your control, you can begin to widen
the scope of your influence. If you have even one policeman
under your sway, work hard to get him promoted and then sub-
vert his subordinates as well. Then start pushing for
transfers for your people to other precincts. This way, whole
precinct houses can be under your command in relatively
little time.

i In any city the traditional news media (television, news-
papers, radio, etc.) will be controlled by the elders.
Nothing is more crucial to the preservation of the Masquerade
_ than the literal control of what the kine see. Since these

4 elders will have such tight control over these sources of

_ information, they will be especially vigilant about their

4 property. Stay away from the traditional media until you have
grown strong indeed, or else you will attract unwanted atten-
tion from above before you are ready to handle it.

Instead, concentrate on the less traditional and new media
of communication. The sad truth about the elders is that they
are very slow to understand the potential of new technolo-
gies. As such, they are constantly letting tools of infinite
promise slip right by them. By the time they realize the
impact that, say, the Internet has on society, it will be too
late for subtlety. They will react in their typical manner,
buying their way in, establishing control and attempting to
manipulate the content of that medium of communication. At
that point it is already too late: The message they had hoped
to stifle has already been broadcast.

In most cases, those oh-so-subtle manipulations ot the
elders will be noticed by the kine, many of whom will per-
ceive the media in question as having "sold out" or "gone
commercial." The result is that the elders will find the
_ audience that they have just purchased moving on to other,

_ more "cutting-edge" technologies. So find and seize these new
media wherever you can. Concerts, performances and Web sites
are all virgin territory for our kind, and they present the
perfect opportunity to scurry around the cordon of silence
that your elders have created. Play your cards right and you
will soon be able to extend almost unbelievable influence
over the kine. I do not jest; you will affect how they think.
Your primary goal so far as the media is concerned is in
finding new types media and encouraging their growth in the
directions you desire. There is reason to be careful here as


into ra a a ancillae whom Sue}: controte: snipe e
will have just as much knowledge and interest in these media
sources as you, and a master to please as well.

In any case,you should not have too much trouble gaining
influence over the underground and nontraditional methods of
communication in your city. You may even wish to start your
own. Now that you have a voice, you can expose all of your
enemies' breaches of the Masquerade (or, if you can't find
any violations, make up your own. Who says you have to play
fair?) You can then turn around and use your influence to
| cover up those breaks in the liasquerade and curry favors from

the grateful elders.
|

1. Organized Crime

In every city, there is some form of organized crime.
Criminal activity has existed since the beginning of time,
and organizing it simply makes it more profitable. Crime has
| low overhead, high profitability and marvelous fringe ben-
efits. It yields money, weapons and willing soldiers which

| can be used to expand your influence among both mortals and

the Jyhad. It is no wonder that so many other Cainites at-

| tempt to control and manipulate this one aspect of mortal

society.

Achieving control over the criminal element in the city

| you are in will be tricky, but not impossible. The criminal
underworld is composed of many different elements, from

street gangs to insider trading flacks. What you must do is

| Simply pick one selection from the buffet of wrongdoing and
concentrate on that, rather than attempting to swallow the

| whole thing at once. If, on the other hand, you try a little

| of this and a little of that, someone else will steal the
contents of each main dish out from under you, leaving you
with scraps.

| You will find it very difficult to work your way into the

| organized crime networks in a city. Every faction of Kindred
society has its finger in the criminal pie. Elders and

| Ventrue concentrate on organized syndicates and white-collar
crime, money laundering and fraud. Anarchs counter by con-

: trolling the gangs on the streets, and their retainers mug
those of the Ventrue. Delving further into the depths, one
finds that the Giovanni have been the most successful at
establishing control over "traditional" crime families, while
the Followers of Set have the most success at controlling the
worldwide drug trade. If you choose to expand your influence
into organized crime, be aware of the players involved. In-
formation is key here. Know whose territory you will be

De tr til di bia),

i Pe hee eee renee

infr: - nd scout out their weaknesses before making
even the fi in their direction. Otherwise, you will
- never gain si as a toehold before being squashed.

The key to controlling the underworld is twofold. The
first thing that is necessary is for you to either establish
or take over a hierarchical crime network. Place into this
hierarchy trusted retainers and give them enough autonomy so
that they feel as if they are benefiting themselves as much
as you. The one beautiful aspect of organized crime is that a
well-maintained organization runs itself. Once a criminal
network has been established, it regulates itself. Your only
_ priority is to ensure loyalty, which you can do by occasion-
4 ally showing the iron fist inside your velvet glove. Run your
organization as ruthlessly as possible, but reward lavishly
those who serve you well. When properly applied, the stick
and carrot are all that you need. Your organization will do
most of your work for you, making you a force to be reckoned
with without your raising more than the occasional finger.

The second aspect of controlling the underworld in your
chosen city will be to encourage and assist the anarchs in
gaining power over the gangs that they do not already domi-
nate. Do not dirty your hands yourself by getting involved
with this aspect of the underworld. Instead, make inroads
with the anarchs and let them recruit your bully boys for
_ you. Portray yourself to the anarchs as a patron. Make them
| think that their little gang empires are a personal power

base. If you play your cards right, larger and larger pieces
of the pie will find their way onto your plate.

2. Civil Bureaucracy

Being able to control or manipulate information and data
j is very powerful, and being able to get the location of a
- rival's haven by looking up his utility bill is very useful.
Government is extremely difficult to infiltrate, as everyone
wants a piece of it, but once you're in, the benefits are
magnificent.

3. Churches and Religious Organizations

This is a dubious area in which to establish an influence.
For many Kindred, it is enough simply to be able to use the
sway held over organized religion to prevent the Society of
Leopold from coming to town. There are some Ventrue who see
many of the televangelists and their shows as potential cash
cows, and such Kindred will infiltrate and control these
organizations simply to skim as much money as they can from
them. On the other hand, while televangelists are rarely
troubled by faith, their parishioners often are. This can
lead to nasty surprises.


ac! your fold is for the slave-like obedience
likely be able to extract from his followers. This can cies
translated into protests, votes and other useful toys.

The advantages of this are obvious: blood in easy-to-carry
bags and convenient places to store corpses. liore than one
Kindred of my acquaintance has found that a morgue makes a
wonderful haven if you don't care much about ambiance.

5. High Society

This is the domain of the truly blue-blooded — the most
powerful and most glamorous people in any given area. The
people who are the controlling interest in the public aspects
of the city are the intelligentsia, the art patrons, the old
money elite and the political families. Many of these people
have their own considerable resources to call upon, and
should you bend them to your will, you will have those re-
sources as well. Often ambitious Kindred think this will be
one of the best places to gain a foothold. Too bad the
Ventrue and Toreador have beat you to it. Instead, wait until
the control of another area gives you an entry into the world
of martinis and Martha's Vineyard beach houses, then move as
quickly as you can.

6. Industry

While this may bring up images of smokestacks and facto-
ries, this also includes access to the technologies that
those very same industries are producing. Controlling or
getting access to new technologies is an advantage that you
should always press. The elders locked away in their Elysiums
have no idea what the kine is capable of today, or if they do
they have deluded themselves into believing that they are
safe from the power of silicon and split atoms. I want to see
an elder stand up to a hydrogen bomb. I really do.

7. The Legal System

Establishing a presence here could involve anything from
simply having a few lawyers at your beck and call to having
established a network of judges and courts under your heel.
Being able to sue your enemy may not seem to be a very eiffec-
tive way to take on another Kindred, but what about a 2:00 Pili
court date ? You may also want to consider the haven-breaking
Power inherent in search warrants and zoning regulations.

rage
ke

Motiseritig' ‘the shadowy culture of occultism and mysticism
in the world of darkness will allow the smart Kindred access
to incredible amounts of forbidden lore. Of course, it will
also yield an almost unending parade of yahoos. Walk softly,
as the Tremere have harvested here first.

- The "Street"

Think of it as disorganized crime. By the "street," I mean
lower echelon gang members, prostitutes, beggars, petty
criminals, etc. These are the legions of mostly forgotten
kine who inhabit the darkest parts of the lands of the liv-
ing. For all of their failures, these folks have developed an
incredible tenacity. They are a superb source of information,
and useful tools for dirty work as well. Keeping your hands
in this area will at least keep you appraised of what is
going on behind the scenes in a given city. Respect the ter-
ritory of the Nosferatu who has inevitably been here before
you, and you will tap into an information network nearly as
comprehensive as that of the Sewer Rats.

Transportation: Depending on the city, this could be one
of the most important areas of influence around. If a city is
isolated, control over who or what enters and leaves is very
important. A Kindred can use such control to monitor other
Kindred's comings and goings. An area can become isolated or
may only be opened up to your allies.

10. Education

This is perhaps one of the most insidious ways to subvert
a reigning prince's rule. After all, every prince is watching
to see if the city government or the police are being sub-
verted, but the school system? A university? Attack is less
likely from that direction, so vigilance is weak. Besides, if
you have time to wait, remember that the ghoul you make in
the schoolyard today will be a policeman in 10 years, a law-
yer in 15 or a mayor in 30....

II. Alliances, Form and Function

It is a simple task to establish yourself in mortal soci-
ety. It is much more difficult to establish yourself among
the Kindred. We are social creatures, but then again, we are
also inherently cannibalistic. In every aspect of Kindred
society, there are secret unwritten rules of conduct that
determine our status. Oh, we hold to the Traditions, never
forget that; but beneath the Traditions there is no law in
Kindred society save that which we make for ourselves. Just
make certain you know whose rules you are playing by and you


hs and
yourself
the wrong game you'll be snuffed out like a candle.

You will need to make alliances with different groups
within Kindred society in order to secure your own status,
and to have a firm base of political support when you make
your move. Remember that an alliance can take any form, from
an informal agreement between yourself and a Nosferatu trash
picker to an intricately written treaty between two factions.

You have the responsibility to uphold your end of such an
alliance no matter what, even if your putative allies choose
to back out or betray you. If nothing else, you must portray
yourself as honorable and trustworthy. This will benefit you
for two reasons: First, if you can get the Harpies on your
side, they will be certain to damage those who have betrayed
you or failed to live up to their end of the bargain as long
as they can sympathize with the poor betrayed, and second,
when you do chose to break your word or betray your allies
(and you should only do these things in the most dire of
circumstances) they will be caught completely by surprise.

This is not to say that you should allow others to play
you for a patsy, or to blindly enter into alliances with
other Kindred. Remember that you must always uphold your end
of the bargain, and if they have failed to fulfill their
terms, crush them. Do this, not for vengeance's sake, but as
a@ reminder to anyone else who is thinking of reneging on a
deal.

Remember that within Kindred society, how you are perceived
is infinitely more important than how you truly are. You must
decide what you want other Kindred to perceive as your goals
and motivations. Once you know what image you want to project,
do all that you can to insure that all Kindred in the city
know who you are. Are you the righteous avenger, constantly
fighting against the current prince's injustices and gathering
your forces for the grand fight? Are you the territorial
loner, controlling everything you hold sway over with an iron
fist and crushing those who cross you? Or are you a quiet and
dignified clan member, serving your fellow Kindred and simply
staying neutral in the affairs of the city? How you portray
yourself will be essential to how the other Kindred in the
city approach you and deal with you, and will dictate the
types of alliance others approach you to form.

Wien

Often these alliances are based upon a group of Kindred
who are all pursuing a common goal, whether it is a group of
anarchs that have banded together to diabolize an elder or a
pand of ancillae creating an intricately worded treaty that
details sharing resources to approve funding for a housing
project. In these coteries, it is often very simple to get
someone back in line who may be thinking of backing out. Just
tell them to remember "the cause," and they will inevitably
come running back because of intense feelings of guilt.

2. Enemy

A group of Kindred may choose to band together to destroy
@ common enemy. This type of alliance can be counted on to
last until the enemy in question is dead and no sooner,
though some have lasted quite some time as the members dis-
cover imminent threat after imminent threat. Some of these
coteries end up as roving hunter-killer gangs and they usu-
ally find themselves put down for their own good.

3. Protection

Perhaps the prince has become too oppressive as of late,
or perhaps the Sabbat are attacking the city. In any case, a
group of Kindred often choose to ally against a threat until
it has passed. While there's nothing wrong with creative
cowardice, these types of alliances do have one weakness:
They are extremely simple to exploit. Shout, "The
Antediluvians are coming! Run!" and watch them scurry.

4. Influence

A group of Kindred often decides that rather than fight-
ing, they can exploit the resources of a city together. As
such, they can merge their organizations, establishing un-
precedented influence over the city. These inevitably last
until one member of the central committee decides that her
partners are getting a better deal than she is. At this
point, things tend to fall apart in a shower of diablerie. On
the other hand, a partner can be useful in your ascent — up
to a point.

5. Information

This is one of the least formal, and most common types of
alliances. It consists of a group of Kindred who simply keep
each other informed of current events. The advantage of this
type of alliance is that it can be used to gather incredible


warees, The. disadvantage is that it can just ma »

‘used to spread misinformation or outright lies, and it's
damned near impossible to track the source of the misinforma-

tion. Of course, if you are the one spreading rumors, this
isn't such a disadvantage.

III. Politics After Sundown

The various groups within Kindred society have differing
goals, strengths and weaknesses. Any Kindred who would at-
tempt to make his mark, especially as a prince, must
understand how to approach these different groups. I will not

say that our many little groups of Kindred fall neatly into
stereotypes — that would make them all far too easy to ex-

ploit, after all — but many do seem to fall into hoary
behavior patterns. Those patterns can be studied, learned and
— if you do not fall into them yourself — exploited.

1. Brujah

If you oppose authority, then you are their brother. If
you find this to be the case, encourage familiarity with
them. Lead them, but do not rule over them. They will chate
against any authority, even self-imposed. Never bully then,
but if someone else has been foolish enough to do so, then
make a show of striking back. Do this, and you shall gain
their respect. Gain their respect and they will follow you to
the gates of hell, shouting your slogan all the way.

What you may offer them: Offer to the Brujah the tools of
the fight: guns, blood, feeding grounds and political protec-
tion. Give them the opportunity to rebuild their little
Carthage, and constantly let them know that you support their
plans to reestablish Carthage within the Camarilla. Give them
catchy phrases like "Death to tyrants, even dead ones!" and
so forth; phrases like that are easy for them to remember.

What you must expect from them: Expect arguments. Expect
defiance. The Brujah, while they may be fighters, are not
soldiers. They do not subscribe well to a military mentality,
preferring the tactics of the mob. Instead, your best course
of action is to find out what goals the Brujah have, find
ways to convince the Rabble that their goals will best be
served with you in charge, and turn them loose.

2. Gangrel

These Kindred are more territorial than any other Kindred.
They often lay claim to some desolate wilderness area and
then challenge any and all who enter. The biggest mistake

that you can make is to trespass in their domain. Let the
prince do that instead.

Soe a

When you appr ngrel, make sure that you respect |
their customs and ei ‘traditions. Miany of their ways may
seem alien or downright barbaric to others, but they do have
a certain vigor. The Gangrel in the city (those few who stick
around) tend to be a peutral and individualistic lot. They
are also very honest #nd straightforward (at least to each
other). Do whatever yeu can to gain their respect. Once you
have their respect you Will have more aid than you can possi-
bly imagine.

What you can offer them: Whatever they want. Those things
that the Gangrel tend to want are things like Kindred staying
out of city parks or #or some logging company to be shut
down. Put this in perspective; compared to the scope of the
Jyhad, what does this cost you? Give it to them. Remember,
however, that the meré fact that you have bribed them does
not mean that they will fight for you.

What you can expec? from them? The Gangrel will not pay
attention to you. By virtue of many years of betrayal, they
will be mistrustful. worst of all, they treat all other Kin-
dred as the rest of us treat the Ventrue. Vow not to lose
your temper with their attitude and things will be much

easier for you.

3. Malkavians

There is absolutely no discernible pattern of behavior to
these lunatics. They share no common interests, no common
goals and no discernible hierarchy that may be bargained
with. Some of the Malkavians make excellent allies, some make
terrible enemies and some make a good meal.

What you can offer them: There is nothing that you can
offer to the MalkavianS aS a gestalt. Find out what each one
wants, then give it td them. Or don't. Patience truly is a
virtue when dealing with the madmen of our kind.

What you can expec? from them: Are you jesting? There is
nothing that you can expect from a Malkavian. Remember that
when a Malkavian makes his move, no matter how extensively
you have prepared, you Will not be ready for what happens.

4. Nosferatu

When you approach ¢his clan, you must not show that you
are offended by their @Pppearance no matter how hard they will
try to make you pull pack in revulsion. They will respond
favorably to you if yo¥ approach them as equals and treat
them as you would any other Kindred. This will impress the
Nosferatu as to your character, but do not think it will ever
earn their trust. The Nosferatu are suspicious of all other
Kindred, and few will involve themselves overtly in politics.
They are concerned with practical things, and they value


equal by the Nosferatu, so gaining their friendship will
be impossible. q

As an aside, I recommend meeting with Nosferatu on neutral
ground. The sewers have swallowed up more than one would-be
prince, while you certainly don't want them in your haven,
dripping slime on the carpet (and memorizing both location
and entry points).

What you may offer them: What could you possibly offer
when they control all of the information in the city? They
will want favors, not material goods, and the price will be
high. However, it will be more than worth it, I assure you.
If it helps, think of it as a long-term investment in the
city. Buy the prince's secrets from them, and pay whatever
they ask — once. Offering them the freedom to develop and
expand their underground domains may win you friends. On the
other hand, permission matters little to their kind.

What you may expect from them: They will be telling you
the truth, unless the prince has paid them off. In that case,
they will be lying to you. They also will be telling the
prince the truth, unless you have paid them off, in which
case they will be lying to him. Remember this: They are spy-
ing on you, too.

5. The Toreador

You are entering dangerous territory when you deal with
this clan, notorious for some of the most bitter infighting
in Kindred society. The Toreador are split between their two
factions — the Artistes and the Poseurs — and as they're not
actually fighting over anything important, they reach new
heights of viciousness. The Artistes control the most pres-
tige within the clan, and therefore they are the most valued
and respected elders in Toreador eyes only. The Poseurs, on
the other hand, are masters at Kindred politics and the games
of presentation and intrigue that the elders play. In almost
any city, the leader of the Harpies is a Toreador Poseur. If
you can get the Harpies on your side, you will become politi-
cally unstoppable.

What you can offer them: Praise them. Go to their parties.
Appeal to their vanity and their sense of culture. Go to
their art shows. Do not act rudely toward a Toreador, unless
you are doing it deliberately to amuse another degenerate.
Demonstrate your command, and do not allow any of your co-
horts to be rude to them. If someone has slighted the
Toreador, you may attempt to curry the favor of the Toreador
by publicly humiliating the offending party at a later date.

This is not only useful, but also enjoyable, if I may say so
myself.

0: anything else. You will never be seen as

them: They will offer you politi-
cal advice scattered between the catty remarks. Heed their
warnings, as they are masters of intrigue and have played he
same political games for centuries. A warning: Any advice ¢hat
they give you will also be in their own interest. They will
always side with their clan above all else. If they offer
help, do not refuse, as many Toreador have resources to call

upon that make some Ventrue green with envy.

6. Tremere

Dealing with any Tremere is an invitation to trouble.
Arrogant and vicious, the Tremere have a tendency to use and
manipulate others out of sheer habit. They are very dangerous
adversaries, but are even more dangerous as allies. The War
locks have a nasty habit of running off, licking their wounds »
and then coming back and incinerating those who have dis-
pleased then.

Capitalize on the fact that nobody trusts them, so either
force them to work toward your ends or keep them so busy
watching their own backs that they can't hurl daggers at
yours. Tell others that the Tremere must have been up to
something and feel free to make up the details of the plot. No
matter how outré the one you come up with may be, rest as-
sured, they've probably been up to something even stranger. 4
final note: Find out where the Chantry is. The real one.

What you can offer them: If you must deal with the Tremere,
offer them favors. Only deal with the Tremere if you know that
you can claw your way out of the meeting if you must. Never
accept anything from the Tremere unless you know what you must
give in return. Never accept a boon from them unless in the
most dire of straits. If at all possible, on the other ,
hand,put yourself in a position to offer them favors and dom t
wait for them to act to extend your services.

What you can expect from them: The Tremere will use and
manipulate you at every opportunity. They will never show
their internal dissension to the others — it is unheard of.
That is not to say that the Tremere do not fight each other»
simply that they don't do it when the children are watching»
if you catch my drift. If you find yourself witness to an
internal Tremere dispute, side with the Chantry leader. The
Chantry leader always wins.

7. Ventrue

The Ventrue will have more money, more status, more poweT»
more influence and more contacts then you do. Deal with it.
They have enough resources to buy and sell most other Kindred
10 times over. With the exception of the prince's brood, eveTy
Ventrue secretly wants to be the prince. They want the powe™


I ix Soenaiea "secret masters." anaes a
when you deal' ‘with the Ventrue: They are such subtle manipu-
lators that their paranoia makes them feel that they are

constantly being subtly manipulated.

What you can offer them: When they have everything? The
only thing that you can offer the Ventrue is the opportunity
to achieve more power and influence in the city. In fact,
your best bet is to make them think that they are manipulat-
ing you. Be careful, though. The Ventrue play hard. When the
time comes, kill as many as you can, especially those Ventrue
who were your closest allies. after all, they're seeing you
as a useful way to achieve power for themselves.

What you can expect from them: They will never side with a
non-Ventrue. They truly do see themselves as separate from —
and in some ways superior to — all other Kindred. This arro-
gance can be used against them, for it makes them
pathetically predictable.

Other Clans

1. Assamites

Hire them first. More important than hiring them as assas-
sins is contracting them as bodyguards, if you have the
resources. Many Kindred do not realize just how valuable
Assamites are as guards. Always be honest with them. They
will never side with non-Assamites against their own, but you
can always buy them off, or at least prevent your enemies
from hiring then.

2. Followers of Set

Never, ever, ever: talk to them, listen to them, accept
any favors from them, pay attention to them or even think
about them unless you are about to kill them.

3. Giovanni

Dealing with these Kindred is very much like dealing with
the Devil himself. The Giovanni look out only for then-
selves. You can hope for very little from them. They prefer
not to bother with Kindred politics, instead relying on their
influence over mortal society and knowledge of the realms of
the dead. Do not enlist the help the Giovanni if you can
avoid it; if you are not careful, you may find yourself quite
literally selling your soul to them. If you must deal with
the Necromancers, offer them a fair deal, with both sides
getting their cut up front. Never borrow money from them.

Never trust =

when they are eve "hill distance. Use whatever
position that you have in the city to encourage the prince to
step on these vagabonds, but make certain that your name is
not attached to the deed. If you can get away with it, frame
them for anything that you have done. If a Ravnos takes some-
thing from you, leave it be, no matter how important the item
in question might be to you. If you tempted a Ravnos by tell-
ing her how important the trinket was to you, you deserved to
lose it.

5. Anarchs

As a whole, the anarchs are petty and stupid thugs. Offer
them the petty things that petty men want. Offer them blood,
feeding grounds, guns, etc. All that you can expect from the
anarchs is stupidity and a comfortable place to stop a bul-
let. They spend most of their time in their "anarch Councils"
trying to crush the elders with the same predictable tactics,
rhetoric and dogma, year after year. The anarchs are nothing
put pawns, and if they are not your pawns, they will be some-
one else's. Remember that is rare for a pawn to checkmate a
king, but enough of them can be a threat to lesser pieces —
like you.

The Sects

1. The Sabbat

If you have ever considered joining the Sabbat, then I
urge you to make your choice now and hold yourself to what-
ever decision you make. Watfling won't make it any easier. I
was tempted to join the Sabbat in its halcyon early days, but
in the end I came to the decision that the Sabbat is not much
different from the Camarilla at its core. The elders are
still just as powerful and manipulative; only now they don't
have to pretend to be civil.

All Sabbat vampires whom you encounter will almost inevi-
tably be nastier, stronger and fiercer than you. You may
wonder what advantage you would have against such creatures.
It is this: No matter how much an elder hates and fears you,
he will hate and fear the Sabbat more. The best course of
action for you is to rely on your ability to deal with and
relate to others. When the Sabbat enter the city, sit back
and let the prince and cronies take care of it (and send the
Harpies aiter the prince if he doesn't). If you are lucky,
you might wind up rid of both. If you must deal with the

15:

-primogen, the lgppshun Ay to make some new
recruits, the moon in a hatbox — whatever it takes. Just make
sure that whatever deal you cut does not allow them to re-
main in the city once they ve served your purpose. Grant them
not a single square inch. Once the Sabbat have established a
foothold in your city, you are doomed.

2. The Inconnu

I know nothing of these ancients. They are all powerful
and are not to be trifled with, but consider concerns like
yours to be beneath their notice. They lurk in the shadows
and watch the rest of us for any signs of the coming Gehenna.
Unless you stumble across one in her lair, Inconnu are no
threat. If you avoid them, they will avoid you. If you find
that you must fight against one of them, I can recommend to
you a lawyer who specializes in wills and the like. The
Inconnu have survived the Jyhad over many millennia. They can
take care of themselves, and, for that matter, you.

IV. Other Dwellers In Darkness

1. Lupines

These creatures inhabit the forests and other rural areas,
such as arboretums, swamps and college fraternity houses.
They rarely venture into the cities. Lupines are rarely dan-
gerous unless they are provoked, so avoid provoking then.
Find out what areas the Lupines have claimed for themselves
and then avoid them at all costs; do no trespass in their
territory. If you become aware that any Kindred of your city
have trespassed in their territory, find a deep hole and
hide. If you have any contacts among the Gangrel, use them to
curry favors with the werewolves.Tell the Lupines that in
exchange for their help in rooting out your evil elders,
you'll work to create a pollution-free, perfect little world
where everyone lives in peace and harmony. They usually fall
for that.

Of course, you don't ever have to follow through on your
promises once you've reached princedom. After you are fin-
ished with the Lupines, ignore them. Who are they going to
complain to? Their elders? Yours? Keep ghouls packing silver
bullets on payroll and you'll be fine.

Assume that mage will be like dealing with
a Tremere, only ¥ ‘These masters of the arcane arts are
as dangerous as any Kindred even though they are mortal. They
have their own concerns, though, and are generally too busy
chasing each other to bother us. Ignore the magi, and they !
will most likely ignore you. If you cannot ignore a mage, and

your back is to the wall, strike hard, strike fast and strike
to kill. If they see you coming you're in a great deal of
trouble, but if you can strike the first blow it's usually
the last.

In your attempts to outflank your elders, you may make use
of those mages called Virtual Adepts. They are absolute wiz-
ards at the new methods of communicating, so far from the
pale of the elders. However, eventually they will turn on you
out of sheer boredom, so keep hard copies of your records off
line where they cannot get at them.

3. Wraiths

The Restless Dead, as they prosaically call themselves,
make superb spies. Invisible most of the time, intangible
always, they can hide within the home of the most paranoid
prince, all the while playing the fly on the wall. The trick,
of course, is making contact with them. Once you do start
talking with ghosts, however, it's often easy to strike a
deal. They all have concerns on earth which they're patheti-
cally eager to have you protect. Don't cross them, however:
They may not seem potent but some can open coffins at midday
or rip souls from sleeping bodies.

A final warning: So far as I can tell, the Giovanni con-
trol them, so bear in mind that if you do traffic with these
restless spirits, everything you say will get back to the
Yecromancers eventually.

4. Hunters

I recommend quietly getting out of their way. Hasty evacu-
ations leave signs, and keep the hunters on the trail.

If you can do so carefully, send them after your enemies.
This is trickier than it looks, and can be used as evidence
against you if it ever comes to light. So tread carefully,
and never let anyone else know that you use hunters as tools.
The unwritten rule, of course, is that if you use hunters on
others, you've just declared yourself fair game for hunters
to be used on you.


"in question, ae Bond him and then th him off to
go and kill the people who sent him. The irony alone makes it
worth it.

A Last Note

A final word on any alliances you chose to make with your
own kind: Be fair. Be up front. Never cheat. If you do cheat,
your enemies will turn on you with a vengeance, and none will
wish to be your friend. Keep your promises when it is polite
and dispose of those who hold promises you cannot keep.

Watch out for the enemies secretly controlling your al-
lies. Use your powers of Presence, but remember that loyalty
gained from your own charisma and leadership is both hard to
find and everlasting. However, also remember that no matter
how charming you may be, Dominate beats a pair of aces.

V. Making your move

It will not be easy. On the other hand, it will not be
agonizingly difficult. The day that you have waited for will
simply arrive.

The day that you will make your move.

Everything that you have planned for, everything that you
have prepared and every alliance forged leads to that crys-
tallizing moment, the moment that you decide to take the
princedom for yourself. Just how you intend to do it will be
up to you. There is no surefire way to assume the title of
prince. All that can be offered to you is advice, not on what
to do, but on how you should do it.

The first thing to remember when making you move is that
you must take your position in Kindred society. Power that is
given by others can be taken away by others; power that you
attain and take for yourself can only be lost by you. The
only way you will impress the necessary elders (those elders
you cannot control or kill are the elders you must impress —
make sure that the number of elders you must impress is very
small) is to take power. No appointments. No votes. No revo-
lutionary councils. Take power.

We may delude ourselves (and I will admit that the elders
of my own clan are the most guilty of this) into thinking
that we can rule over ourselves by using traditions of gov-
ernment borrowed from the democratic traditions of the kine.
But we are no longer mortal. We cannot rule ourselves accord-
ing to mortals' rules and standards. The governmental
traditions of the kine apply only to the mindset of the kine.

i ‘thing, no matter what Lis 5 we
tell seek othecs ourselves. Our existences are taken
up by the ConaEEDET weed to feed. This has affected our world
view irrevocably. Remember, every Kindred looks out into the
night and sees only the scarcity. Since we Kindred see world
as a place of scarcity, one can only rule in this world by
controlling the scarce resources. Remember this. If you make
your move for power, everything that you do, as well as ev-
erything that your allies and enemies do, will be motivated
by the need to protect and procure resources. You must make
it very clear to all involved that you will maintain strict
control of the resources that the Kindred are dependent on,
and that loyalty to you will be most generously rewarded. You
might wish to read Beowulf for pointers on this matter; no-
tice how many useful swords Hrothgar gathers by dispensing
useless gold rings.

The next point to remember is this: You must be sure of
nothing less than total and absolute loyalty within your
ranks. There can be no dissent, nor tolerance for those who
have not committed themselves to your vision and cause. I am
not saying that you must have fanatical followers, though
that is a desirable option (look at how successful it has
peen for the Assamites), but you must have followers with no
doubts about your cause. You must cast a very careful glance
at all of your subordinates and allies, and it is best to
eliminate any who so much as express doubt at crucial mo-
ments. Watch them, for if you see suspicious motivations or
action among any of them, you will have to strike out for
your own best interests. If you cannot trust a member of your
own camp, you shall have to slay him. Quickly and ruthlessly
is best, to serve as an example to your other followers. lore
importantly, this sends a message to your enemies as to how
very serious you are.

Allies are best used during the coup dad' état, but not
trusted. Give them their instructions but do not rely upon
them. You may end up simply using them as cannon fodder, or
as a shield for your own troops. This sounds callous, but
makes perfect sense. Churchill, after all, was willing to
fight to the last Colonial during World War II; deceased
Australian soldiers couldn't vote him out of office, but
living British ones could keep him in.

Make your decision as to your relationship with each ally
and then stick with it. Do not constantly change their stand-
ing with you. If an ally is treated as a trusted advisor one
minute and a footsoldier the next, he will justifiably begin


- Many Sinived who ane never taken power have romantic
images of how they will achieve their coups. Some picture a
genteel war of attrition, where the losing prince gracefully
leaves the city. Others see a series of artfully handled
political battle, climaxing with the exile of the prince on
the word of the primogen and your being lead in triumph
through the city streets.

It never happens this way.

A revolution is not neat. It is not tidy. It is a total
and complete assault on all that has been established in an
effort to create a more perfect order — yours — from the
ashes. You are not fighting according to any known mortal
rules of warfare, and the Jyhad has never bothered to stop
and write down a set of guidelines. You are fighting a total
and complete war for domination. You are fighting, like the
wolf, for dominance, to become the alpha of the pack. How-
ever, we are more deceitful, more barbaric, crueler and
nastier than any wolf could ever hope to be. We are Kindred.
If you do not immediately throw all your resources at the
prince you have decided to take down, have no doubt that he
will feast upon your vitae. You must be smart, fierce and
totally committed. You must also show no mercy. Absolutely
none. Not ever. The moment you do, you are admitting weak-
ness; the moment you admit weakness, you have already lost.

On what may be a more useful level, I suggest the follow-
ing tactics once the situation develops into fighting in the
streets:

Stir up troubles among the mortals as cover for what you
are doing. The prince's forces will be split between keeping
order, protecting the Masquerade and defending him against
you. Your forces, on the other hand, will be focused on but
one goal. After all, it's the prince's job to maintain the
Masquerade, come what may.

Cut his lines of communication. Take down the advisors he
trusts first, and he will be at a loss for advice and infor-
mation. Once he starts striking at you blindly, he's yours.

Don't stop until he's dead. You should put out of your
head all melodramatic notions of trials and sunrises. Kill
him quickly and scatter his ashes. Don't diablerize him if
there's the Slightest possibility of witnesses, but if you
can pull it off, I recommend it highly.

give m ry advice here, as
ow to take power, not keep it. In
worthy to rule, ge shall know in-

a stinctively what must be done to assure a strong and steady
rule. and if you are not worthy, you can be assured that your

successor shall be arriving shortly.

Always remember that you must be willing to embrace the
ideals of revolution, and then be just as willing to throw
those ideals aside for the greater good of your realm. Once
you have done this, you shall truly be a prince within your
domain. Should you ever forget, well, the sunsets will be
brighter for your ashes.

—- A Friend


,
‘
- 0 ‘ hs
. . a
:
‘
°
‘
se Te: e a
4 .
.
" .
‘ vas
‘
ie . se
.* eye oon | lata
Ree os * Nie pe
'
\
. &
, ;
< "
a
;
. .
.
; .
% Se
. ag .
es .
' .
;
.
£ ‘ , ,
‘
'
i ;
a
=
—— SA a wend ee ew
aes : ol HUA aseee gana
—_— a* . -

oma eOnns™


O"™0St Kouis Conclave

QRrinc CO

REPORT FROM TI

CALLED INTO SESSION BY

eu Nios MMe soute

Ali a CY u

at UC

1995

Sy Kast Sonor) ~sfellow Rrinces

This letter is an abridged record of the conclusions, statements and other
relevant information discussed at the St. Louis Conclave. It will be disseminated by
courier to all princes of recognized Camarilla domains who were unable to attend, and to
all non-aligned "princes" demonstrating either vulnerability or interest in an alliance.
Most of the information contained within is merely a reaffirmation of what we have
known for many years, but it is good to have it in codified form, I think.

Any questions, concerns or disagreements you may have can be directed back to the
Ventrue Justicarate, care of the Archon Gabriel DiSantis, who is responsible for the

Justicar's correspondence these days.

On the Rosition of the Rrince
Within his Pomain

Traditionally, we Kindred have recognized the necessity of the prince to be the single
most powerful Kindred within a given domain. This is the direct result of the need for
order to be imposed by main strength on many occasions. When the whole of Kindred
society was endangered by both the sheer number of Kindred competing for feeding
grounds and by the lack of any established authority in a given area, it became a necessity
to have a single potentate in place to provide direction for the safety of all.

During the Dark Ages, travel from city to city was perilous for mortals, let alone
Kindred. The byways between various domains contained many dangers (especially from
Lupines) and few shelters. In addition, the lord of a given domain was not required to give
shelter or even safe passing to those entering, as for some reason many elders balked at
what they considered to be a violation of their right to rule without competition from
others of our kind. Eventually this sort of survival pressure led to the founding of our
beloved Camarilla, and the initial codification of the rights ofa ruler of any given domain.

Regrettably, many elders boycotted the fledgling organization, with some going so
faras to hecome active enemies of the Camarilla. Those Kindred who persevered, however,
came from the ranks of more enlightened elders and the ambitious ancillae of that time.
Many of these farsighted souls are the leaders of the Camarilla this present night.

As the older, more conservative Kindred halked at the formation of a society of our
kind, two events were happening that would solidify and strengthen the Camarilla: the

increase in the size and numbers of the cities, and the growing ferocity of the Anarch
Revolt.

As cities increased in size, Kindred came to these areas to feed off the quickly growing
herds. The scope of Kindred society in those cities of the Middle Ages varied. Some cities
were ruled much like other domains, by a single lord and his brood. Other metropolises
would hold many members of various clans, resulting in intricate political maneuvering
among the Damned in the never-ending quest for political supremacy. Often, one clan
would be dominant in a given city —usually the Ventrue, Toreador or the Brujah —and
interclan conflict led to many of the small brush fire wars of the period. Whenever a clan
even briefly gained the upper hand in the maneuverings withina particular city, they would
immediately seek to establish control over the city's ruling elite with the eventual goal of
creating an unbreakable strangle hold on the city for their clan. Since those Kindred who
were attempting such tactics were generally little more than ancillae at the time, many
autonomous elders struck back by using their long-established control over the traditional

ruling classes to wage war — economic and political — on the human and Kindred
populace of the newly growing domains.

MATERIALS FOR STUDY

Fora prime example of this sort of stroke and counterstroke, see the treatise
written by the Parisian Toreador Mercedes Guizot on the underlying stresses
leading to the conflict between Henry of Navarre and the Catholic League. This
conflict, occurring late in the Camarilla's consolidation period, is nonetheless
representative of many similar, yet earlier conflicts. The League, supported by
a small collective of pseudo-independent elders, through their influence on
Henry III of Valois, was the epitome of the traditional elder-sponsored army. On
the other hand, Navarre, through no fault of his own, had become a favorite of
Guizot and as such became a particular target of the League's offensives. While
the League won some initial victories, Guizot's request for Camarilla aid enabled

Navarre, with his much smaller forces, to win decisive victories at Coutras,
Arques and Paris. These triumphs, in addition to securing for Navarre the
throne of France, also signaled the depositions of several of the elders behind the
League. Guizot's treatise can be readily obtained by those interested, and it is
highly recommended by this transcriber.

Those Kindred within many such threatened domains quickly joined with the
Camarilla in an attempt to gain some measure of protection. Soon enough, the Camarilla
was composed of many cities, leagues, councils and others who preferred sharing

information and occasional action with their peers to the possibilities of death at the hands
of the anarchs or submission to recalcitrant elders.

By the end of 16th century, the Camarilla was easily the largest sect of our kind
extant. The benefits — information on the activities of the anarchs and the ability to
travel safely from domain to domain — made it clear to many that membership in the
Camarilla was the only reasonable guarantor of safety. It stands as a testament to the
Camarilla's strength that, before the Sabbat Wars reached their height, the majority of
those elders receiving Final Death during the Anarch Revolt were those who chose to
stand against the Camarilla independently. The depredations of the anarchs took a heavy
toll on those who spurned the safety of the Camarilla, and this lesson was not lost on those
who survived. Most flocked to the Camarilla; a rare few instead swore allegiance to the

newly-fledged Sabbat.

With the recognition of domains as political entities came the recognition of the
position of prince. Initially, princedom was not a formal, official title granted by the
Camarilla. Indeed, many domains held to their own political structures even after joining
the Camarilla. Still, with the ever-increasing need to coordinate and gather information
for passing along to other domains, it became necessary for at least one Kindred in each
city to serve primarily as the Camarilla's eyes and ears. The title "Prince," in use for
centuries among certain more self-aggrandizing vampiric rulers, rapidly spread across

Europe as a name for the Kindred administrator for each city.

The possibility was raised in discussion that the term was originally used
in mockery of the primarily administrative function that the initial Camarilla
princes performed. The term "Prince of the Vampires" could thus be seen as
equivalent to the similarly satirical epithet "King of the Jews" bestowed upon
Jesus Christ. However, as the only evidence extant for this theory comes from
the personal memories of Brigd ni Dhomniall, the notoriously bad-tempered
Brujah Prince of Cork, it was shelved for later discussion. Your transcriber only
includes it here in the interest of completeness.

This individual would be responsible for looking out for the collective interests of the
city's Kindred, as well as maintaining and enforcing the newly-minted Traditions. This
Kindred also acquired responsibility fora sort of vampiric census, ascertaining how many
Kindred were in any given region and their lineage. Eventually this role expanded to
serving as the check-in point for visiting Kindred, which of course ensured that only the
prince knew who was in the city at any given time. Knowledge is power, of course, and as
knowledge became concentrated in the hands of these new princes, their power grew as
well. Before long _ there was no question as to which individual other Camarilla members
would go to when entering a domain, or of whom Justicars made their demands. The
prince, initially a mix of holdover tradition and derision, had become the true power in
the Camarilla cities.

THE PRINCE As DOMINANT POLITICAL FACTOR

As a matter of course, a prince must immediately establish both the authority with
which she will maintain her rule, as well as the tone her rule will take. Will the prince be
an autocrat, ruling with force and crushing opposition? Will she bea manipulator, setting
her enemies at each other? Will she he a patriot, rallying her subjects against external
threats? The style is almost irrelevant. What matters is that it be established at once, or
else all is lost. Vacillation at the beginning of a prince's realm quickly turns into vacillation
at the end of a very short reign. More importantly, setting thetone fora reign immediately
means setting up the ground rules that everyone else in the city must play by orrisk coming
in conflict with the prince. Failure to do so means that she must play by the rules set up
by her adversaries, and thus inevitably fall.

i
?

(Recommendations of the Conclave on the
(Role of the Prince in the Soden ra

The main purpose of the Conclave, in addition to the exchange of information and
posting of updates concerning the activities of Kindred considered a clear and present
danger to the interests of the Camarilla, was to discuss and lay down new guidelines
concerning the role of the prince in the modern era. Traditionally an office hased on equal
parts respect and fear, the princedom depends upon the prince's understanding of both
her role in Kindred society and the tools at her disposal. The prince must also understand
the unique dangers that our modern world offers. As an emissary of the Tremere of
Washington D.C. domain put it: "The fires of the Inquisition are nothing compared to
an atomic bomb; and Russia, until recently a center for Brujah power, has grown silent.
The second largest stockpile of nuclear weapons on Earth is in the hands of unknowns.
How many of us claim Havens in cities that are primary targets for such devices?" There
is far more to worry about these days than Lupine incursions and the occasional curious
mage.

In an effort to ease the burdens of ruling and encourage stability among the ruling
class of the Kindred, the Conclave assembled information regarding the enemies, both
supernatural and mundane that a prince might face. The Conclave also offered several
recommendations on how a prince may more efficiently rule a domain, utilizing the
powers and permissions implied in the Traditions. These recommendations were made
to help new princes who had little experience, as well as to help more established princes
reconcile their experience with the rapidly changing times.

RIGHTS AND PRIVILEGES

The prince has at his disposal many tools to insure a safe and prosperous reign. The
rights of a prince are undisputed mastery over domain and the support of the Camarilla
in the form of recognition of the right to rule that domain. The responsibilities of the
prince are to maintain the Traditions, especially the Masquerade, as well as to inform the
Justicars of the Camarilla of any and all threats, supernatural or otherwise.

The prince is faced with an enigma of ruling. She is given incredible power by her
fellow Kindred with the implicit restriction that she will use the power given her to benefit
her fellow Kindred. Fortunately, each prince has a specific set of guidelines for the
maintenance of her domain, the six Traditions that were first given by Caine to his childer.
Ifa prince is truly wise, she will recognize that the Traditions are the most powerful
weapons at her disposal. The judicious use of that which is already at her disposal will
enable the prince to ensure stability and the safety that the Camarilla requires to prosper.
In the end, little else matters.


‘Che Cravitions

Each prince sets the agenda for his rule by how he chooses to interpret the Traditions.
It falls to the prince to use the Traditions as his most potent resource. Appropriately
wielded they can serve as just cause for quieting dissent and maintaining order. Improperly
invoked, they can spark rebellion. The only power that a prince does not make for himself
comes from maintaining the Traditions.

. Che cstirst Cradition — Che S€asquerabe

THOU SHALT NOT REVEAL THY TRUE NATURE
TO THOSE NOT OF THE BLOOD.
DOING SO SHALL RENOUNCE THY CLAIMS OF BLOOD.

For centuries, princes have used the enforcement of this Tradition to crush many
of their enemies. What exactly constitutes a violation of the Masquerade is relative.
Certain stricter princes argue that the creation of a ghoul can be interpreted asa violation,
while others will look the other way at blatant transgressions under some circumstances.
Many princes have been able to invoke the Masquerade in order to keep their own personal
affairs private. A prince often has some leeway to interpret the Masquerade as suits his
whim, and can frequently utilize breaks in the Masquerade _ perceived or real — to
intervene in just about any situation.

A prince is given the right to interpret the Masquerade as he sees fit. He should be
aware however, that respect and fear for his authority will last only as long as he chooses
to apply his interpretation of this Tradition evenly. Ifthe prince is perceived as capricious
or biased in his enforcement, those over whom the prince rules will question his authority.
With questioning, of course, comes the beginning of defiance, and so on.

Recommendations of the Conclave: The Masquerade should, in these most

careless times, be open to even stricter interpretation than before. In the past, the
Masquerade was invoked to protect Kindred from the fires of the Inquisition. In this more
modern era, the general potency of the Blood has weakened, while the weapons and tools
available to the kine have become much more powerful. The Masquerade is in danger on
a worldwide level, as the technological tools of the kine threaten to pierce the veil of
shadows which we have thrown over ourselves.

In addition, it has become common practice for the Kindred to involve others that
exist within the shadows — Lupines, mages, et al. — in the manipulations of the Jyhad.
However, in these most dangerous of times, Kindred seeking to manipulate such beings
are in fact making themselves vulnerable to those very creatures by revealing their
existence. Dealings with other "supernatural" beings should henceforth be regarded as
potential breaches of the Masquerade, should the prince wish to enforce them as such.

Princes are advised to maintain strict interpretations of the Masquerade, going as far

as to invoke the final deaths of the violators if necessary. Those Kindred who openly
associate with other supernatural beings without being closely monitored or sanctioned

by the prince should be made an example of. The prince must invoke his authority in this
matter, and report any potential tears in the fabric of the Masquerade to the Justicars.
|


Che OSecon? Cratttion — Che Domain

THY DOMAIN IS THY OWN CONCERN —
ALL OTHERS OWE THEE RESPECT WHILE INIT.
NONE MAY CHALLENGE THY WORD
WHILE IN THY DOMAIN.

This Tradition guarantees to any Kindred that his claim on an area is recognized if
that Kindred has the strength to hold it. The clans of the Camarilla have guaranteed this
right to individual princes in exchange for the security that the prince provides. Under
this system, individual clans need not waste their resources holding their protectorates
against all others in an area, as the prince maintains the individual status of the clans.
The prince performs this role by providing arbitration of disputes and recognizing and
promoting the system of status, boons and Prestation.

The current interpretation of domain is that the prince has the leeway to set the
boundary of the area he rules over. The prince may lay claim to a domain of any size, so
long as he possess the power to exert his authority over the area in question. Claims of
excessive domains may be challenged, of course.

A prince cannot rule a domain on his own. Traditionally, the prince relies upon those
Kindred affiliated with and loyal to him (usually his brood) to control the various aspects
of his domain, as well as calling upon the various elders to maintain their own control
fiefdoms within the realm. The Brujah are often allowed to dominate the streets, the
Toreador so-called high society, and the Gangrel those park lands not claimed by Lupines,

and until recently this division of spheres of influence has served princes quite well.

However, now this semi-feudal system has led to a small crisis. Many Kindred,
especially those new to the Blood, are convinced that since a prince has absolute control
over a domain, he inevitably demonstrates favoritism in doling out Elysium status and
feeding grounds to his most favored retainers. The youth of our community do not
recognize that the prince is given his autonomy to do this by their own clans. For example,
often the Nosferatu will recognize and support a prince in exchange for the implied
autonomy that they will have in their underground realms. The same sort of barter system

holds true for the other clans, as each clan and clan member will have established mini-
domains within the realm that they wish the prince to leave alone.

The definition of domain, especially in this modern era, can be confusing. Some
elders consider every aspect of a business to be a domain, though lax interpretations of
the Tradition simply consider individual Havens to be domains out of common courtesy.
The Tremere are the most avid supporters and interpreters of the Tradition of Domain,
and one of the oldest established precedents in the Camarilla is that a Tremere Chantry
is an individual domain accountable only to the clan. A prince who attempts to interfere
in, or worse yet, force an issue within the Chantry invites the wrath of Vienna. This course
of action is not recommended.

Recommendations of the Conclave: The prince is advised to give as well as take

when it comes to domain. Recognizing that the elders of a realm each have an individual
domain within his domain where they may freely pursue their individual goals in relative
autonomy will win the respect of those elders. Subsequently, the prince will find that,
rather than giving away his city, he has strengthened his rule. Those elders controlling
an area, so long as they respect the prince's authority, will police themselves (and each
other) much more fiercely and efficiently than the prince ever could. The prince will also
ensure loyalty by maintaining the illusion of having "given" an area of a domain to a
particular elder, making an elder thankful and loyal for what was already his and charging
that elder with administrating it in the prince's name. Not every elder will accept such a
rule, instead waiting to make their move. In this case a prince should never hesitate to
eliminate such elders. This maintains the impression that the elder's power is the prince's
to give and receive.


‘Che Chir? Cradition — Che Progeny

THOU SHALT SIRE
ONLY WITH THE PERMISSION OF THINE ELDER.
IF THOU CREATEST ANOTHER WITHOUT THINE ELDER'S LEAVE,
BOTH THOU AND THY PROGENY SHALL BE SLAIN.

This is the most ironclad of the Traditions. The power of the prince is dependent on
how tightly he holds to this Tradition. If a prince is too restrictive, he will frustrate the
Kindred within his domain. This results in progeny being created without his permission,
or outside his domain, and then turned loose as a challenge to his authority. Ifa prince
is too lenient, the number of progeny in a domain will explode and produce inevitable
conflicts. Fights over feeding grounds, herds and position will result from such a
population increase, threatening the stability of the prince's reign.

Recommendations of the Conclave: The prince must establish a firm policy on

progeny, as any deviation from an initially declared policy will bring allegations of
favoritism and spark revolt. Conclusively and quickly answering the many questions
raised — Are ghouls considered progeny? — is a must, else those concerns will fester.
There are other matters that must be taken into account as well. Specifically, a prince
must be careful not to create a large brood while restricting the rights of others to
Embrace, as nothing will alienate the primogen faster than being out-bred, as it were, by
the one whose power they are supposedly balancing.

‘Che esfourth Cradition — Che Accounting

THOSE THOU CREATEST ARE THINE OWN CHILDREN,
UNTIL THY PROGENY SHALL BE RELEASED,
THOU SHALT COMMAND THEM IN ALL THINGS.
THEIR SINS ARE THINE TO ENDURE.

The interpretation of this Tradition has varied across the centuries. The most
frequently invoked interpretation is also one of the strictest: Any Kindred must he
responsible for the actions of his or her direct progeny until such time as that progeny's
release into Kindred society. There have been different applications of the Fourth
Tradition, however. Some princes, particularly on the Continent, have made it a point
to hold clan leaders responsible for the actions of any and all clan members within their
domain, regardless of lineage. Only the most powerful and secure princes have been able
to invoke this interpretation of the Fourth Tradition, but when clan elders have to answer
for the actions of their more rambunctious constituents, it is amazing just how
infrequently a prince has to sully his hands with day-to-day discipline problems. The
theory behind such accountability is simple: If an individual Kindred claims leadership
of his clan, coterie, etc., that Kindred must also face the punishments for transgressions
of individual members or else relinquish leadership. Those princes who have implemented
this type of interpretational ethic have reported some success after initial resistance, as
clan leaders are more concerned with maintaining their own safe and secure status quo
than in getting hauled up before the prince every time a neonate makes a misstep.

Recommendations of the Conclave: Responsibility and accountability must be
the hallmarks of Kindred society. Many Kindred will balk at an overly strict interpretation
of the Fourth Tradition, and many princes attempting to implement such interpretations
will be in for more trouble than they bargained for. However, as the millennium
approaches, princes are advised to impress upon those Kindred within their domains the
importance of taking responsibility, both for their own actions and the actions of those
they choose to represent. This caveat must also apply to princes. The age when a prince
could rule over his domain in complete ignorance of most of his subjects is fading rapidly,
Ignorance is no excuse fornot addressing the problems ofadomain, and looking the other
way cannot be tolerated in these dangerous times.

Che fifth Cradition — SEospitality

HONOR ONE ANOTHER'S DOMAIN.
WHEN THOU COMEST TOA FOREIGN CITY,
THOU SHALT PRESENT THYSELF TO THE ONE WHO RULETH THERE.
WITHOUT THE WORD OF ACCEPTANCE, THOU ART NOTHING.

This Tradition is the cornerstone of the Camarilla, and its interpretation is as strict
nowas ever. There are an increasing number of Kindred who flaunt their mobility, leading
to tremendous difficulties in ascertaining which Kindred are where, when. With so many
advances in transportation, it is difficult to keep track of the movements of many ancillae
and neonates. Journeys that used to take months through Lupine-infested woods now
take mere hours on Harley-Davidsons. In the face of a quickly shrinking world, this
Tradition must remain sacrosanct. Without knowledge, a prince has no power. Without
knowledge of who resides in his domain, a prince cannot control that domain. Hence, the
Fifth Tradition must be upheld with more vigor, lest the sanctity ofa prince's domain,
the very foundation of the Camarilla, crumble before the technological onslaught.

Recommendations of the Conclave: There will always be minor offenders against
this Tradition, but in these threatening times such laxity cannot be tolerated. Any
Kindred caught in violation of this Tradition who can be made an example of, must be
made an example of. A prince who is not sought out for introduction is a prince ignored.
A prince ignored will not be feared. A prince who is not feared is a prince deposed.

Ona practical level, princes should enlist their subjects' assistance in enforcing this
Tradition. Demonstrating appreciation for subjects who help newcomers to present
themselves is recommended, as sufficient eventual remuneration will keep Kindred eyes
open for newcomers, including those who may not want their presence known.

Che Gieth Cradition — SDestruction

THOU ART FORBIDDEN TO DESTROY ANOTHER OF THY KIND.
THE RIGHT OF DESTRUCTION BELONGETH ONLY TO THINE ELDER.
ONLY THE ELDEST AMONG THEE SHALL CALL THE BLOOD HUNT.

A prince may only rule so long asa prince is feared. A prince is feared only so long

as he is willing to crush all — fiend or foe — who violate the Traditions. The Blood Hunt
is often a means of last resort, and those Kindred who have the Blood Hunt called upon
them are often such a great threat that they must be made an example of. Others, sad to
say, are the victims of political fortune. The one factor that unites all Blood Hunts is that
they are a device of political expediency. Ifa prince wants to make an example out of a
particular Kindred, calling a Blood Hunt to show his power is the best way to do so.
Simultaneously, the prince crushes the offender and demonstrates the folly of disobeying
the prince's authority.

Recommendations of the Conclave: A Blood Hunt must ever be called light ;
nor should a prince believe that her entire domain will rise in arms against the perpetrator.
A prince must be ever-vigilant tothe possible consequences of the calling ofa Blood Hunt.
While many younger licks may readily partake i in such activity for the excitement and
opportunity it offers, there isa possibility thata great deal of jockeying for position, power
and influence will take place behind the scenes, producing casualties besides the intended
one.

This is especially likely if the target of the hunt had any assets that were valuable. A
prince may find that the elders within her domain are too busy feeding upon the carcass
of her enemy to notice or care about the specific reasons for the calling of the Blood Hunt

— and that is the inherent danger i in calling the Hunt. When the Blood Hunt becomes

a means by which ambitious Kindred may advance their agenda rather than a sentence
of doom for disobedience, a prince will find herself ruling a bloodthirsty mob that demands
that she invoke this power for the slightest transgression. In this situation, the prince is
no longer feared. Indeed, as the elders are happily devouring each other, the prince who
accommodates their every whim becomes an object of scorn and ridicule. To maintain its

proper effect, a Blood Hunt must he invoked rarely, yet with power. The Lextalionis must
he held as sacred by all Kindred, and it falls on the shoulders of the prince to make this

so. Familiarity i in all things, even the Blood Hunt, breeds contempt.


4 invoking Blood Hunt, it is recommended that a prince have hard evidence

ily available in case the lstideald for the Hunt is questioned. It may be necessary to
manufacture this evidence, but that is the work ug an hour, and witnesses can be
Dominated or otherwise made convincing. It is best for the prince if problem Kindred can
he removed without invoking the Blood Hunt. However, it is recommended that this
action he performed by the prince herself in the utmost secrecy (save when an examp. le
is being made), so that an enemy finds a minimum of skeletons in the closet.

A second reason for the convocation of the Conclave was to create an opportunity
for Camarilla members to advise and inform one another about potential allies and
enemies. The changes in mortal society within the last century alone have produced a great
many new threats. When these new enemies are added to the new tactics and technologies
to which the old enemies of the Camarilla now have access, the inevitable conclusion that
is reached is that this is a time of unprecedented danger. The Conclave feels the urgent
need to address these threats and offer recommendations for all members to follow vis-
@-vis dealing with them in the most efficient manner possible.

THE SABBAT

This sect remains the most dangerous foe of the Camarilla, and few princes have not
had some sort of encounter with the Sabbat. We have been collecting data on these
Kindred since their initial formation, and many Conclaves and councils of war have heen
held on this one subject alone.

Recommendations of the Conclave: Any incursion by Sabbat vampires must be
halted before it begins. Sabbat presence ina city tends to increase exponentially, thus the

sooner it is detected, the easier it is to eradicate. On the other hand, McCarthyistic tactics
are most definitely not recommended, as heavy-handed tactics tend to drive disaffected
anarchs directly into the Sabbat's arms. It is vital that tight control of a city's media be
maintained during a Sabbat attack; passing off their crimes and breaches of the
Masquerade as the actions of a "serial killer" works well.

Itis recognized that individual Sabbat vampires may successfully infiltrate a domain

for ears, subverting and destroying from within while passing information to their sect's
y g ying passing
leaders. Princes are advised to do all in their power to find and destroy these s ies, as they
P y P

pose a far greater threat than dozens of their so-called "Crusades." A dozen poorly-
planned assaults can he heaten off easily, but one well-planned one, abetted by a traitor,
stands a much higher chance of succeeding.

ANARCHS

If the Sabbat are the dagger pointed at our throats, the anarchs are the bomb waiting
to exp lode underneath us. The anarchs as a whole have no unified voice or power hase,
vclins on their numbers and unp: redictability to eke out whatever victories they may.
Even their stronghold, Los rl remains a city divided by petty disputes. The anarchs

have ferocity and a certain brute streng th, but are too lost in their own rhetoric generally

to be much of a threat. In truth, most Ee ads Kindred consider the anarchs to be lapsed
Camarilla just going through arebellious phase. Still, they are capable of deadly Sap ieee


ae y
r

dis Gk ths Concave: Anarchs make excellent cannon fodder,

them to fight and they'll too busy to attack you directly. Then, when real danger threatens,
remove the shadow. They'll thank you and gladly die for you, without ever knowing that
they've been had. Elder anarchs have shown time and time again that they will sell out

their own brethren in exchange for secure feeding grounds or such like privileges. Much
of their rancor against their elders is poorly-disguised envy, and this can be exploited.

ASSAMITES

This clan of diabolists has made no secret of its contempt both for the Camarilla and
our Traditions. However, they have held themselves accountable to the Treaty of Tyre,
thanks to the efforts of our Tremere. Openly resentful of the Camarilla and its power,
the Assamites yet show a healthy respect for the collective power the Camarilla can
muster. P. erhaps the memory of the infiltration of Alamut is yet fresh with them. Only
the Tremere have much to worry about from the Assamites as a group. Otherwise, the
danger from the Assassins lies on the individual level. Even members of our own sect are
not above hiring the Assamites to perform assassinations, and many princes have fallen

to their blades.
Recommendations of the Conclave: The Assamites are powerful allies and

dangerous enemies. A prince must not interfere with an individual Assamite and his
affairs, lest that prince find himself unwittingly making for himself a place in those affairs.
A wise prince can make good use of Assamite talents, either employing them as
bodyguards or by sending them against non-Camarilla rivals. Contracting fellow
Camarilla members is, of course, expressly forbidden. A prince must make sparing use of
the Assamites, however lest he find himself either indebted to the Assassins or too
dependent on them for tasks which he ought tobe capable of performing himself. Princes
dependent upon Assamites tend to have reigns that are both brief and bloody, as the
subjects of such a prince will take it upon themselves to remove him for the sake of the
peace of the city.

FOLLOWERS OF SET

This clan has made no secret of its intention to establish worldwide dominion at the
expense of their fellow Kindred. It is clear that of all the non-aligned clans of the Kindred,
the Followers of Set pose the greatest threat to the security of the Camarilla. While
individual princes have in the past tolerated the Followers of Set as a "lesser evil" when
compared to the Sabbat, this has resulted in the unchecked spread of the Setites across
the world. They have established power bases in nearly all of our cities even as unwary
princes congratulate themselves on having supposedly used the Snakes as a buffer against

the Sabbat.

The Followers of Set have proven themselves to be dangerous, subtle manipulators
of both Camarilla and kine. They traffic in favors and addictions, and make a met of
ir 3 as many Kindred as possible to their perverted wills. These enthralled Kindred
then imp : nent the Setite agenda. The effect in the end is the same as if the Sabbat has
_ overrun the city: blood in the streets and another fallen prince.

particularly if you can convince them that your war is theirs. Set upa shadow enemy for

Recommendations Concla 2: The Followers of Set are to be destroyed
when possible, but always quickly and quietly. At this point, the Setites are too powerful
and too well entrenched in many be fought directly. Furthermore, a concealed campaign
restricts the opportunities Setite pawns have to inform on or sabotage anti-Setite efforts.
In addition, the Snakes can mobilize their human pawns to create severe threats to the
well-being of any city, thus threatening the Masquerade and distracting resources from

the campaign against the Setites.

Most Kindred within a domain see the Followers of Set as little more than the
suppliers of guns and drugs, and this is where the danger lies. Utilizing the Setites as a
primary supplier threatens to make the Camarilla dependent on the clan for many

resources — resources that can he taken away at the worst possible time. Restrict access
to Setite-controlled areas, take every opportunity to eliminate individual Setites without
resorting to Blood Hunts or the like, and above all do not deal with them, even i extremis.
The price is always too high. As Kipling put it, "Once one pays the Danegeld, one never
gets rid of the Dane."

GIOVANNI

This clan has kept a respectable and quiet appearance over the centuries. The
unfortunate Cappadocian incident has made it impossible fully to integrate them into the
Camarilla, yet in many affairs, we have had good relations with the Necromancers. There
has been friction on an individual level in the past between members of the Giovanni and
individual princes, but such incidents have always been isolated. The Giovanni always
attempt to work well with the prince of any city they occupy, in the cogent helief that strife
is bad for business. They will hold to their ancient pledge to remain neutral, while many
more entrepreneurial Kindred have had success in working with them. Still, it should not
be forgotten that they do have their own agenda, and should a prince thwart it, they will

attempt to remove him summarily.

Recommendations of the Conclave: A prince is advised to work with the Giovanni

presence in the city to ensure that they won't be actively moving against him. It is both
easier and safer to attempt to dissuade a Giovanni froma course of action than to attempt
simply to stop him. It is best to have multiple contacts within the clan, so that if you are
forced to deal with one permanently, you have a channel through which you can justify
your "no doubt necessary" actions to Venice.

RAVNOS

These gypsies have made their contempt for the Camarilla and its ways well- known.
Fortunately, they are not an overt threat to the Camarilla, nor do they endanger the
Masquerade. As such, the Ravnos only occupy a place on this list due to their open
defiance of the Camarilla's authority. Very few Ravnos will bother to present themselves,
and those who do have usually pocketed something valuable on their way out. In addition,
it is difficult to tell if a particular individual encountered is a Ravnos or an antitribu, and

the latter will play up this confusion for all it is worth.

I mendati Dbihelidnihive A peice sda deieediagedennteall tdi.
wag he were potentially i in the ikekih "f the Sabbat. It is a common Sabbat
= send Ravnosa on scouting missions to Camarilla-held domains, and they
de Radetsits have realized that this tactic was uncovered and countered long ago. Non-
‘Sabbat Ravnos should he handled with kid gloves and gently ushered from the city, lest
they invite some of their fellow clan members to join their fun. Calling Blood Hunt on
Ravnos is inevitably more trouble than it is iba and it can ales a devastating
retribution.

LUPINES

The Lupine presence around most domains is inescapable, and poses a problem for
most princes. While it is rare for Lupines to takea city by storm, they can certainly restrict
access for our kind to any place they choose. Any attempt to mount a sally against the
encircling Lupines usually ends in disaster due to the superior strength of each individual
werewolf, Additionally, the Lupines are capable of gathering their numbers with
astonishing speed, and apparently have the impetus of religious fanaticism behind their
desire to wipe us from the planet. All in all, they make a most dangerous foe.

For example, witness the recent train of events in Chicago. Lodin, then prince,
foolishly called a Blood Hunt on every Lupine in the city. While there were gains at first,
the savage ferocity and sheer numbers of the Lupine counterattack forced the primogen
(after the destruction of the prince) to sue for peace. To this night , the situation remains
tenuous in Chicago, yet it serves as a reminder for Kindred that the Lupines, even with
their numbers dwindling, are still a very real threat.

Recommendations of the Conclave: The Lupine presence has traditionally heen
limited to the countryside. There are Lupines who choose to live in the city, but they

remain a distinct minority. The best way to combat the Lupines should they posea threat
remains the same as always: Cut down their forests, pollute their rivers, set up some
anarchs to take the blame for you, and conveniently leave town on business when they
finally organize themselves enough to attack. The Lupines have short memories, and if
they cannot find their enemies, they will attack whatever is in front of them instead. A
prince can best defeat the Lupine by maintaining a strict Masquerade, observing their
actions from a safe distance. The late Lodin's confrontational tactics have proven an
unprecedented disaster, and should a prince wish to emulate them, we would request a list
of his next of kin to notify as to his incipient demise.

This letter was compiled in the express hope of sharing the insights of the
Kindred gathered at the St. Louis Conclave. It is the intention of this letter to provide

the princes of the Camarilla and interested elders with updated, relevant information
concerning the role of princedom in Camarilla society, and the stresses unique to princes
in the modern era. This letter summarizes the results of the debates, presentations,

symposiums and other activities of the Conclave, and is intended as a fair and open

representative of the conclusions reached by the Conclave participants.


Siegtried, Prince of Vancouver

This ancient Ventrue was originally a Visigoth chieftain. His sire, a
Roman consul named Regulus, offered the chieftain the chance for immor-
tality, but didn't tell him the terms. When the chieftain realized he had
become one of the Draugar (the Undead), he slew his sire in a fit of rage and
then drank the blood from his heart. The Ventrue pursued him across Europe
for his crime, but never brought him to justice. For his part, Siegfried was
quite content to exist outside of the clan. He never chose to accept the
Ventrue or their traditions, instead deciding to forge his own path.

Remaining aloof from Kindred politics, Siegfried chose an existence as
a wanderer. Eventually his travels led him to the west coast of North
America. Here he found an untamed land that would be perfect for him to
establish his domain and remain safe from the Jyhad. Using his powers of
persuasion and the financial capital that he had accumulated over the
centuries, he set about building and expanding the human settlements in the
area. This was no easy task, as there were constant attacks from the Lupines
and their Native American allies in an attempt to stem the tide of European
migration. However, the Visigoth beat them all back and used his growing
international influence to encourage the city's growth. He used his own
finances to bankroll many of the city's first industries, walked its borders at
night to protect it from incursion, and protected the kine living within the

*Note: Siegfried first appeared in Dark Alliance: Vancouver

KS NG IK

Siegfried, Prince of V.
Leg) Tiet rice Of; yancouver

city during the dark and cold first nights of the city's existence. His influence
enabled Vancouver to grow into one of the largest cities in Canada. Many
other princes are envious of just how much control and autonomy Seigfreid
has been able to assert over his city, but they do not see the painstaking work
that he put into its creation. Siegfried is not just the Prince of Vancouver,
he is also its founder and protector.

In fact, Siegfried did not declare himself prince until the 1940s. He had
been content to remain in the background, allowing Vancouver to become
a neutral ground between the warring factions of Kindred. Unfortunately,
this attracted the attention of the anarchs, who began to use the city as a
staging base in their war for the cities of the west coast. Realizing that he was
facing a very real war between the Camarilla and the anarchs in the middle
of a city he had helped to create, he declared himself prince to forestall the
conflict. He also instituted a set of harsh laws that broke the power of the
clans within the city while providing comfort and security for those that
chose to accept the prince's rule. This ensured him a docile, unified populace
with which to face the resurgent Lupine threat.

The harshness of the prince's laws and the brutality with which they
were enforced enabled Vancouver to become a rarity in Kindred society;
Vancouver is ruled only by its prince. There is no open help from the
primogen or other clan leaders, or from the other clans, for that matter. His

tule is recognized neither Bye Caitatilla nor the Sabbat. Vancouver has
attained the status of a neutral city where any Kindred may petition the
prince to stay so long as they choose to accept his laws. It is also one of the
few cities that has successfully maintained peace with the Lupines.

Siegfried has also cultivated his personal power. Several princes owe
boons to him, and the peace that he has enforced in the city has impressed
the elders of the Camarilla. Though they are loath to admit it, the Justicars
of the Camarilla consider Siegfried's success in Vancouver a standard against
which all other princes should model their efforts.

Dr. Alexander Meuser,
Prince of Jerusalem

During the Zionist movement of the late 19th century, many European
intellectuals were swept up in the excitement of the movement dedicated to
creation of a Jewish homeland. One such intellectual was Dr. Meuser. A
philosopher and speaker on such issues, he traveled across Europe rallying
support for the Zionist movement.

His intelligence, combined with his ferocity and zeal at debating,
attracted the attention of a Brujah elder. Meuser was Embraced, and once
certain political realities were pointed out to him, he became just as fierce
a warrior in the Jyhad as he had been for Jerusalem. Of particular interest to
Meuser were the similarities between the Jewish people and the Brujah: Both
had been crushed by Rome; both were deliberately misunderstood by the
society around them; and both wanted to re-create or reclaim their home.
Meuser soon became intrigued at the idea of combining the two goals,
possibly reestablishing a society based upon Brujah ideals in the Holy Land.

Meuser's activities continued during the 20th century as he led bands of
Zionists in fighting against the British occupation of Palestine and the
Ventrue "administrators" who occupied the land. With the onset of World
War II, he devoted himself to helping escapees from the camps make aliyah,
or immigrate to Palestine.

After World War II, Meuser used the status and influence that he had
gained to assert power over Jerusalem and what would later become known
as Israel. The British Ventrue had attempted in their usual colonial fashion
to rule over the Palestinians and had met with unprecedented failure. Both
the politicking of various Inconnu and the Setites were to blame for this
failure, but Meuser was more concerned with mortal affairs. Instrumental in
the creation of the State of Israel, he asserted himself as prince and began
working to develop the Israeli nation and provide for its people.


Dr. Negaden Meuser

To the other ancients, he portrayed himself not as a ruler, like the
British Ventrue had, but as a diplomat of the Camarilla's interests in the
region. This move proved to be politically successful, reassuring the Camarilla
bluenoses that Meuser's power was titular only, and that Kindred affairs of
the city were in the hands of the city's much older, more acceptable
inhabitants. While Meuser had weakened himself politically, his figurehead
status as prince left the responsibility of maintaining the Traditions to the
city's elders. In the meantime, Meuser was free to build alliances, mediate
disputes and otherwise build a real power base for himself.

During the Cold War, Meuser and his domain faced incredible violence
as the region's factionalism and brush fire wars flared out of control. In
addition to the many different clans of the Camarilla, Meuser found that his
domain included a large population of Assamites and Setites. Occasional
incisions of anarchs and Sabbat added to the volatility of the mix. These
Kindred seemed only concerned with their own goals, and they increased the
amount of violence in the area to an unimaginable extent. Many Kindred
who were Embraced in the area also chose to bring their rivalries with them
beyond the grave. It was — and still is — not unusual to see Israeli Brujah
and Ventrue fighting fiercely against their Palestinian counterparts.

In the face of the SerREPMNRANER tick to his agenda. He did not attempt
to exert his power, instead relying on subtle alliances that he had forged with

the Kindred ancients of Jerusalem. All of the following were subtly drawn to
Meuser's banner: a coterie of Ventrue who were Embraced during the
Crusades, a brood of Nosferatu Noddists who wished to excavate the
catacombs deep beneath the city in search of clues about the second city, and
a substantial population of Brujah idealists who saw in the city a possibility
of rebuilding Carthage. Combining this potent coalition with his sway over
the Israeli government, Meuser found his rule to be far smoother than he had
any right to expect.

Meuser's rule has not been without adversity. His successes and failures
have mirrored the modern history of Israel in the Gothic-Punk world. The
current peace plan for the Middle East is reflective of Meuser's efforts, but the
recent assassination of Yitzhak Rabin highlights his inability to completely
control his domain. Violence between Jews and Arabs once again threatens.
The Ventrue elders, a coterie of Knights Templar Embraced during the
Crusades, wish to renew their off again-on again war with the Assamites.
And Meuser is convinced that the Followers of Set exert far more control
over the Israeli government than he had previously been led to believe. Still,
he walks the halls of the Knesset, doing his best for both his peoples in even
the darkest hours.

Robert Pedder, Prince of Hong Kong

The prince, or Tai Pan, as he is known within his own domain, has
shaped the growth and expansion of the British Colony of Hong Kong
throughout its history. He began his presence in the city by exerting control
over the trading ventures. His mortal family, one of the more powerful
British merchant houses, had traveled to Hong Kong with the British during
the Colonial Era. For this reason he was Embraced, and whatever control he
exerted over the city's trade as a mortal was only increased after his death.
From his control over trade in the colony, Pedder increased and diversified
his influence. Eventually he gained control over all aspects of the colony's
government and transportation sectors, which in turn led to control of the
city in its entirety.

The Tai Pan has a sizable brood which helps him to rule over his domain.
He has worked hard to make his rule over the city both peaceful and
profitable, and if he were ruling over any other city, his success and
accomplishments would make him one of the most powerful princes in the
Camarilla. Unfortunately, the vagaries of mortal politics affect his rule.

In 1997, the city of Hong Kong will revert control back to China, and
to many of the Kindred in the city, this means that the mysterious Asian
vampires are ready to take the city by force. In the past few years, Pedder has

*Note: Pedder first appeared in A World of Darkness.


noted some disastrous encounters his own forces have had with mysterious
vampires from the mainland. While he has offered to share his observations
with the rest of the Camarilla, no one else has anything to add to what he
already knows. His enemy, then, remains an unknown.

Reduced to watching as his very domain systematically flees the island,
Pedder sees many of the elders of the city are moving their resources and
herds else where. Many of the more recent Kindred arrivals are setting up
quick ventures and then abandoning the city once they've made a pile of
cash. As 1997 looms closer, Pedder is forced to watch as all he has built is
systematically dismantled. He is also faced with the loss of status that comes
from no longer being prince. Few princes in the Camarilla have ever given
up a domain, yet this is exactly what Pedder is being forced to do.

The Ventrue are not ignorant of his plight, however. Pedder has long
held a sterling reputation within the clan for his quiet, consistent service.
His accomplishments in ruling and maintaining a domain in such a hostile
area have given Pedder an enviable reputation among the elders of his clan.
Pedder is already the front-runner to become the next Ventrue Justicar;

many whisper that it is a consolation prize for the loss of his beloved city of
Hong Kong.

Lord M tex Mundi
Ord llagnus Pex 1 iundi

His Eminence and Benevolent Grace,
Lord Magnus Rex Mundi

Of all the princes of the Camarilla, none is as famous among his peers
as His Royal Eminence, Lord Magnus. The reputation of Lord Magnus
precedes him. Depending upon which tales you hear, he is a soon to be
member of the Inconnu, he has battled the Sabbat, Black Hand, and the
Lupines, he has fought mages, he is friends with all the Justicars, and the
Inner Circle of the Camarilla regularly consult him for advice.

And if you listen to the people who know the truth, you will also learn
that he does not exist.

Lord Magnus is believed to have been the brain child of a coterie of
Malkavian and Toreador Harpies who sought to embarrass the current prince
of their city. Lord Magnus, a so-called ancient Ventrue, soon "appeared" (via
an ancilla's Obfuscate powers) walking around the Elysium, sending letters to
the primogen declaring himself the new prince, and basically acting like a
pompous, foolish parody of the target of the Harpies' ire.

The results of the prank were not unexpected. Humiliated, the prince
attempted to destroy this " Lord Magnus" and anyone associated with him.
The primogen remained silent, yet it soon became clear that they were subtly


supporting the coterie who had created the phantom. The prince became a
laughingstock within his own city, and was soon removed from power. His
work done, Lord Magnus disappeared.

However, word of the mysterious Lord Magnus soon spread, and letters
from the mysterious elder soon appeared in other cities as well. Lord Magnus
soon began to pop up all over the world, his every incarnation a pompous
parody of the prince of whatever city he appeared in.

Lord Magnus regularly sends letters to the Justicars, giving his advice on
the state of Kindred affairs. He appears at regular intervals in both New
Orleans and Rio de Janeiro for Mardi Gras. The Prince of Rio de Janeiro has
even appointed Lord Magnus as Seneschal and reserves a suite of hotel rooms
for him when he arrives. Where and when Lord Magnus will show up is a
mystery, but Magnus sightings are always a social event, much like the
Kindred equivalent of watching for the Loch Ness monster.

At present, it is rumored that a secret group of Toreador, Malkavians,
Brujah, Ravnos and even some Tremere and Ventrue are responsible for
staging sightings of Lord Magnus. His appearances are always designed to
criticize and ridicule a harsh, unpopular or unwise prince. Some princes have
failed to get the joke, and Blood Hunts have been called on Lord Magnus in
no fewer than nine cities. Most princes can gauge the relative popularity of
their reign by whether or not Lord Magnus appears in their domain.

The phantom only remains for as long as he is paid attention to. He will

sometimes stay in an area for months at a time, other times for only a few
weeks. There is no pattern to his appearances that can be discerned, and this
is part of his power.

Lord Magnus has acquired mythic status in Kindred society. In fact, Lord
Magnus sightings are the Kindred equivalent of Elvis sightings, with one lick
or another claiming to have met the mysterious elder in convenience stores
or Elysiums. Lord Magnus appears infrequently, though his most recent
appearance was at the St. Louis Conclave, where his letter (which detailed,
among other things, how primogen should be ignored or actively persecuted
by most princes. In addition, it postulated that a prince could ignore
violations of the Traditions if his own lackeys were involved) was read to the
members of the assembly and considered for inclusion in the report to be filed
with the Justicars. The Conclave thanked Lord Magnus for his advice, and
Lord Magnus announced that he would be spending the next few years
studying with the Inconnu, all of whom are his close personal friends.

An outspoken enemy of the very concept of princedom and the author
of A Manifesto on Becoming Prince, Christian was a fervent believer in the
Anarch Revolt. Fanatical in his devotion, when the leaders of the revolt
chose to submit to the whim of the Camarilla elders, Christian was crushed.
He swore that he would never give up the fight and tromped off to carry on
his one-vampire war. Furthermore, he swore to crush his contemporaries,
especially former anarchs, by supporting revolt behind the scenes.

He nearly joined with the Sabbat, the rumor runs, but decided against
taking the chance of having his associates sell him out again. Cut off from
every sect, Christian soon became the self-appointed enemy of the status quo
in Kindred society, appearing in any area where the prince was felt to be
particularly unjust. His harsh manner has made him many enemies, and
Christian wears the number of Blood Hunts called on him by various princes
as a badge of pride. However, Christian has never been reprimanded by his
own clan, since he has repeatedly maintained that he will willingly recognize
any authority that is just. Of course, Christian has his own idea of what
constitutes a just authority.

Christian has currently found himself the prince of a respectably sized
city in the midwestern United States. His ascension to the princedom was
not intentional, but came as the result of a sudden Sabbat assault, during
which he was instrumental in fighting off the invasion. Ironically, as the
newly appointed prince, Christian now finds himself in the same position he
has criticized so harshly. He also knows that he is being watched by the elders
of the Camarilla, and, due to his past, Christian knows he will be held to his
own claims on how a prince should rule.


=
&

BIT I fs

«tna.

Experience the undead at the height of their power. Vampire: The Dark Ages takes you Vampire: The Dark Ages is a hardbound
to the twelfth century, when the Kindred ride as lords. Unfettered by any Masquerade, stand-alone game that is completely compatible
they build kingdoms and bathe in blood. Glory and terror await in the shadows of the with Vampire: The Masquerade.

ut beware, the darkness you need fear most is the darkness within yourself. Coming in Spring, 1996


BRO BAKER.

LAWS OF
THE NIGHT

The Pocket Guide to
~ Mind's Eye Theatre.

All the Rules.

All the Clans.

All the Disciplines.
All Together.

eBpeuey ul peyuud
i mt L826

iii

VU UY

GS60LS "uinnws au
S6OI$ TE7CMAM
8-107-¥0S9S-I NASI

ll EE Ue IuL

LUNA

jotou pue sOulou Yoreue ‘sostRod IJIWOL ‘sy1odoau SAKTIUOT) ®

OoUlg BuIWOddg UO OjsoplURP Y,, SNhOWRJUI oY]

A] [AJssooNs

Aqo B oy Ol MOY uo SOO pure syoseue ‘saoutid Wwod] saysnoy Le

SSUIRIUOD J] aaVwaY T, Aq S$, pulyy
pue apeasonbseyy UL soridure A, JO} IDINOSOI v SI JIU $,aUMg OU]

you IAL Wi SUTeSI uoy |

_. JOSUNS JSP] SH WIS SPY
JUOS SILINQVID DALE MIU | 10jIV.I) IOS JL) SURI
J} JON ‘SSIDINS AMOK SI MOA DAIS
J $}91998 94) 10) jUOQWIARd AyuO AW,,

"UOLULWOp
[Hyaovad ‘yhyssadons Jo sonbruysor pue sodvI oy) UL poapulry
SHOHIquIe JON.SUT O2 papusiuT sajou puR sAvsso Jo UOHDI9]]OI

poUOsvad ‘PILUSIP v STAT Joyo OF dAvy poapuby oy) spur
Jeontjod jsouy aya Jo Uozop-yyey vB JO BuIpNA UO syysNoyy

ay) oiv Aphis pue uoneodyips Inod JOJ doy posoywV
