# File: Progenitors.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

TECHNOCRACY:

i ai. mae"
Ti ELGG ale!

ue . Seen |
ror Mage: The Ascension™



= neal

asm
ed mb

=

|

|

Credits

Weitten by: Edward (Ehrik) Winters and Judith A.
McLaughlin, M.S. Human Genetics

Additional Material by: Libbie "Sweenness and Light"
Miller, Frances "Mamba" Trafzer, Shadow "Caffiend" Lied,
Barbara "Goddess" Ciraham

Development: Phil Brocato

Editing: Robert Hach

Act Direction: Richard Thomas

Art: Dan Smith, Lawrence Allen Williams, Chris
DiNardo, Eric Hotz, joshua Gabriel Timbrook

Cover Art: Kevin Murphy

Typesetting and Layout: Sam Chupp

Loge and Back Cover Design: Michelle Prabler

© 1995 by White Wolf, Ine. All contents herein are
copyTighted by White Wolf, lnc. Mage The Ascension (TM)
is a trademark of White Wolf, imc. All righes reserved.
Reproduction without written permission of che publisher is
expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews,

Disclaimer; The characters and events described in this
book are fictional, any resemblance between the characters
and any person: living of dead, is purely coincidental.

The mention of or reference to any companies or prod-
wets in these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or
copyrights concerted.

De co the mature themes preented within, reader
discretion is advised.

Developer's Note: The various references to drugs
should mot in any Way be construed ad an endorsement by
White Wolf Games. Just thought you'd like to know,

Special Thanks To:

Sam "High Priest" Chupp, for raising the power and
eweating blood in the (chantry.

Rich "Whiplash" Thomas, for going to the Dark Side

Michelle" Ball-Dozer" Prablet, for nodding off in phone
Cis.

Chris "Solid Gold" McDonough, for playing us the
greanest hits of the "70s.

Josh "Why the Hell Me? Timbrook, for the pretey
fountain we installed in his office.

lim "Skulker" Townsend, for lurking in dark corners.

Author's Special Thanks to:

The Trafzers and Alison "I hate M(CCV™ (Quick for
allowing us to invade their hooves and computer sys-
Cems,

Randy "Warehouses B.Us" Moncure tor the use of his
computer so we didn't spend our all-nighters at the
Trafzer and Quick abodes

John "Emmanuel" Gurski for uly Chihuahuas and

obnoxious cars.

Special Thanks from Ehrik to:
Linda Hibberd for being not only my cbmoxious
sister, bur ane of my best friends, and Barbara Graham
for her unconditional friendship and twisted sense oi

humor, which is a mirror of my own.

Special Thanks from Judy to:

Dara "No, really, ['m writing my proposal" Wegman
for being a teacher, a kindred spirit, and my friend, and
Eleanor Bhat for being my roommate in the asylum we
call lite.


Table of Contents |

5 = ee _— = ae . = " a = . a oe
a ae at i Saall_= = De ata ml al = Je = ee eS rim te ah ee a 2g Pa" fT a o=. mig

ay oll: — i ans oe "a ah a — is'

Book One: The Student's Journal
Chapter One: The Doors Open

Chapter Two: The Maze of Secrets

Book Two: Systems

Chapter Three: Order of Battle

Chapter Four: Progenitor Construct

Suggested Reading

A

Introduction

4

See re Tf

Tei 4

te



Only the echo of a hollowlsound. "
Mask the Brice Co"

urrender into the night
Silently take my hand /
Nobody knows what's ade us F

Ny stars
They ed ws down a dream
Ta ve m this lonely town

But nobody hearshe music

ara



2h

i a a

day alver mt
and

4 Teel

references to this Lh

ag

j i ally wis mt
Ree! ‘a, ==El

HM Try

Tal

Toe theta ce
Kick down the ck
4, rT! c "iy 4 iT Wweyes

i ; j
Pour poisoned seeds

"Trudy

Ii ‘|
aos : .
HW ERLE

a
Annie Lenn,

|

Excerpts from
the journal of
Andrew Greene

its
eculd

Epiphany
Lillie

‘ [Ch SE MT

Pa PETY SCT TLL Ee hed ric Td

" Vt St

presen ition. He sa ET res Sas

Pe INTE OECD CET een metal Wi le ciile 4
aan Har by
t field. [6] were j

ing with this gentleman for me. W

my inches

proteins, knew of a scienrist who

Wiis

working in tha Ierested

Making contacts is always important, especially when

| Sind
4 "Tl

ti =

looking for a aood school and a pox
1/15/89

LA of Cut

TER ONIN Ch

l checked Gr tehul bled tochay for

Baty,

i ‘harl , Ae EXIT hited At SLUEr

it { cme 4 Au

prised to find that t
Pikmne, a few of wh

.
Well be ab

Dest iMnpressicn

his pertinent ar
2/6/89
Dr. Reid i

iIANe

eT Teel ‘a

brilliance
then heg i
rech rk El

erent

fer On

aye
or dru chreww aay phe kes

iitevers cnn ee |
af Sh PE PEL hd of Creed

ft Bus

Pg

ne Wik
Diet

ig break fe

down in Washingt

[= me ib] - ie

CHAIESs
a, COP erinn
Hf Pl ml na
. it 1 re
INTE EeTe,

2 started with my resea
his work

if oy Life

PACT ers

fot 21x Mantis. f

1d SLE Ary
cading ie de
ENC apy
ait ue
d Long a

sd. It
it bee'

Poet (ie

Wy ck

of bis

ao explored, but that were r

a. =a i

gl Ht
a - al

ra
t

il

F mL. 1
* =]
de ©
ae ‘a
- r
. - ‘a
= J
kL
= ca
a)

=
= as
a

r

-F
2
*

* gat
LL
|

‘
a

ae |

i ri |
tag
n had several hundred arthebes to {5
. 4 = J
bch were ts PROCCI Papers. [hia pil

mime. My appointment id ina bew i"
if 1 rT LT |
On. IM Coe (heres of aE th a
Chis im, l'we HELI Cor Fe iil all _
te |ooe , a
il kK 1% i. NUP ee i] ee TS I
|
I LI
so incisive, so driving. For hours, f
REP GSPect Ol INCI Cal scence. :
i i i
POOL Pca] ex umd hevw it related to 7

| all how
a | LL i

hic hi hii) CoM

bed to ines

ES LITT

inihcanmce next tot

heories and hypotheses. He :

if

wn reew rexads, forcing me tothink "
‘ications that I've always taken "a
)

were juicing me dawn lines of i"

i ol
lntroxduction | a


aL

AL!

ee ie oe

gs he ee

ie

Ae 7 ee te nik

eet a .

ee i P|

ae

eee

By che time we were through, | was mentally and
physically drained. | hardly remember saving good-bye and
ued to race through his paths of logic, reveling in the
newness and wonder of chem

At night when | trey to sleep, | can almost hear him
talking to me, unging me to some new conclusions. It's
vlewost as if he were still in the room with oe, in the back
of oy mune. [e's driving me nuts, but I've newer before felt
$i drive mn!

4/15/89

In the monch since | met wich Dr. Reid, | have been
rereading his literarure with newly opened eves, glimpsing
the insights andl atnaing in rhecse paragraphs CeMce pee
beyond whar | can grasp right now. [c's so fruatraning!!! I
can barely remember any specifics of anything he and |
discussed. | can't write them down no mater how hard (ry.
lknow chere'sa greater truth, some basic principle thar lies
there, but | can't understand it for the lite af ene!!!

On Dr. Reid's advice in che lecrer | received from him
not long ago, [| sent out my application and letters of
reference to one of the universioies where be has an ap-
pointment

4/90/89

My scientific paradigms have been overturned, crushed
amd trampled underfoot. Dr. Reid has revealed to me a
whole new realm, the realm of crue science. He told me that
magic is real, and thar with magic, technology can be
idvanced to heights beyond thar which is possible in the
mundane world.

The man is cither a genius or a lunatic; | haven't
decided which. His logic was inescapable, his proofs irrefut-
able, Magic

of both, He said thar | can be either a subject of realiry of

Bs] real, SCIENCE bs real, amd reality iS 4 MNT

a controller of reality. As his scudent, of ascudent of one of

his colleagues, | would have the latter option. It is not
without its dangers, he added, for he and his colleagues,
whom he calls "Progenitors," have dangerous enemies.

Dangers be damned! This is an opportunity for me to
be everything that | ever wanted and more than | ever
dreamed. | want this position, this lite, and chis power more
than life!

I don't know how to describe how | feel. | would say
that I've got che world's biggese hangover, but | haven't
been drinking, and feel too clear, roo awake, too sensitive
roeverything around me inany case. | feel intoxicated, but
not drunk; lerdown, but still higher than I've evertelt im my
life. Everything is a blur; remeember just enough for it nor
tor make send.

[tis real, what we talked about, what he said. Whar D1.
Reid said, | mean. | mentally reviewed our conversation
over and over and over, and it was aa if he were standing
right there, urging me toward some inescapable conclu-
sion, and | reached our, physically reached out to where |
thoght he mighe be. It was like a trance, and [ don't know
what | was dour. Then the room seemed to bend around
the edges, like | had ingested some hallucinogen (bur |
knew | hacka't), and | started trembling and tell down on
the bed, and the room seemed to spin, and | swear that
when [ closed my eyes | had this vision of myself as
Prometheus, accepting a torch held out to me by some
unseen hand.

Eversince | woke up this morning, everything seems so
sharp, so vivid, so overpowering. | don't even pretend to
know what happened, bur maybe chia what people mean
by "astroke of genius," an inaaghe se powerful and profound
thar it changes your life forever.

Dy. Reid is right. There is more chan | ever imagined at
work in the world. | wane a piece of it so badly | can caste
it!

6/15/89

Whar a grucling gauntlet of interviews! [ chink Ive
managed to talk no every biologist on che face of the Earth,
orat least at chis college, coday. Question after question, lal
ater lab, professor after professor. Every professor asked me
the same setof quescions. "Why de you want tocome here!"
"Ln what area of he freld are you most interested!" "Haw
would you be a poutive addition te our department!
"Whar has your previous experience been like!" Argh!

It seems to have gone well, however. The end of the
day is precey much a blur, because fatigue set in after | went
to bunch with owo of the students, Steven and Diane. | pet
the impression thar Steven one of Them (dare | say Us!),
but something about Diane tells me that she 13 mot party te
the secret. Both were consummately professional, and
Diane waa particularly kind abour my sore feer (from

tramping abour the campus).


l received Dr. Reid's phone call today. Classes begin
Agua 2 5th.
(24/89
Moving to Richmond, Virginia, was one of the most
miserable experiences of my life. The apartment is a
wretched, roach-infested studia in the Fan — a loud,
labyrinthine studenc sector where | was serenaded with the
sounds of punshots, screams and parties, (Classes start today,
and fam looking forward te getting away from this place.
Nervous though | am about facing my comperition and my
Tee MCCS, anything hues to he An LpraVemnent ove4;r
this....

Classes Begin

Well, all my fears were unfounded. The sizzlingly
brilliant minds | was prepared to face as my fellow smacderss
CONSSt Of a BONES blonde Southern belle naneed Mary
Beth and some skinny, zit-faced geek named Rob, Mary
Beth is just as charming and intelligent as she és Bor pecs.
Shmima cum laude trom Duke in chemistry, three pears lab
experience, and five papers published, plus a posner at last
year's American Soctery of Human Genetics conference.
Wy eo. A nid she SLiPpes ted we do ne studving bopether.

Rob stayed quiet, taking cramped little notes on every
word thar dropped from Dr. Smith-Nevans' lips, even
though all she was doing was welcoming us to the school
and introducing us arcund the department. There were a
couple of other studenc, but none of them was in our
program. Just the three of us

8/25/89 From the recorded tapes of Dr. Reid's
Progenitor History class:

You have completed your reading of the required text
chaprers and journal articles. Now that you have finished
with the basics, we move on to a better understanding of
ourown Convention, the Progenitors.

From ancient times, our efforts have been ainved at
creating order and an understanding of the workings of the
universe. Many of the misguided and unenlightened would
have us believe chat reality is mever co be completely
understood, The universe contains mysteres to which only
supreme beings are entitled to know the answers. Rubbish!

From the genesis of the ideas that like breeds like and
that two substances combined can form another substance,
our forefathers were there, studying, learning and carving
a path of knowledge out of the jungles of ignorance and
superstition; leading primitive scientists from all walks of
life down the bong rexed of truth and enlightenment. Anvy-
eme who truly believes that order rules the universe, and
that there isnoching we cannot understand, can be counted
as anally in our batele for Ascension.

Throughout the ames, our enemies have attempted te
undermine the spread of our work. At the beginning, our
power was new, still being tested. Theories and hypotheses
needed to be proved cor disproved. Fundamental laws aru
thei applications had to be conceived, created, researched
and understood. All this cook time. And ss cur understand:
ing grew, 50 did our realization thar the helpless Masses
were not prepared todeal with the unlimited and dangerous
PLPVeTs buried within each cf them They neecedt guidance
and onder, means af channeling this energy in a logical,
Patterned way

While we struggled for reason and understanding, our
rivals rose to power. They corrupted the Masses with
superstition and supermatural gibberish. Wie were ao com-
sumed with our own thirst for knowledge thar we we
unaware of the damage these "free spirits" were inflicting
upon reality.

While the ignorant Masses were scouring ditches and
gullies for edible rots amd grubs, our forefarhers were
planting seeds. While they were drunk and dancing naked
with nymphs, early FACADE Engineers were studying the
workings of the human body. And while chey were on their
knees begging a deaf god to save chem, the first of the
Pharmacopeists were curing their diseases. .

8/28/89 Recorded excerpt from Dr. Reid's Progeni-
tor History class discussion of the impact of carly
Progenitors:

some of the earliest members of cur Convention
spent their days and nights selectively breeding animals
and plants long before the Masses even conceived of
aaiculture of the domestication of animals. Their actions
were based on the observed fact thar like mated with like
produced like. This, of course, wasn't always true, but it was
a good scart. These: early scientists fed and clothed mankind
via cafetul observation, improved organisms and manipu-
lations of growth and developmen: With science and
magic they ushered in the first of the true civilizations.

As civilization waxed, some of our number began to
eqganize the Masses, helping them by creating their ills with
medicinal herbs and the first primitive surgeries. At this
time we worked hand-in-hand with the other Traditions:
inderd, we were indistinguishable from them. There were
no Tradinions" as such in those days; the Traditions as we
now understand them had yet to exist. Those who now call
themselves the Verbena were our allies and partners. Soon,
however, we — the Progeninors-to-be — were set apart: by
our vision of a safer world where the Masses were no longer
itt danger.

Thanks Co Lis, the fight for Suri Wee reduced toa
mere skirmish, and cities grew. Groups developed within
the Masses: the haves and the have-now. The inheritance
of property, money and influence was commen, for it was
widely believed that children inherit their parents' charac-
teristics, and therefore are only as worthy of unworthy as
their forebears.

Introduction 9

a -— = P i 2. ==
ee ee ee ee ee a


a oe omg in Ne a 1 Ls re ee "4 Fi ee ee 1 Ls 4 Pi a wie of
\ a]
ig
aa With the rise of civilization and thought, the Tradi-
" tions twisted away from us, corrupting our deeds. Soon the
i Masses beliewed that their survival was based on miracles
! ind divine actions. In a jealous fit, the carly Traditions
" turmed on us, their saviors, and proceeded to manipulate
a the perceptions of humanity in an attempt to cur them
y away from science. They spread rumors, half-truths and old
‘ wives' tales rather than acknowledging our valid scientific
Le acoonep Lishnmenrs
1 1 Li tj 1 q . .
| We felt thar che Traditions were misguided adoles-
= cents and hoped chat by showing them the truth they would
ot join us in protecting the helpless Masses. So we allowed
i
: them ro concinue, to our everlasting regret....
fi
"a B/2o/89
g Mary Beth and | studied together last evening. She is
i. very anatghitiul abour the Progenitors' relationship with the
fi rest of the world. When | commented that perhaps Dr. Reid
was ovetdramatizing our ole in histery, she pointed out
| a, 4 6: i : j
i that the Progenitors were probably the first to apply scien-
hy tifte principles to the studies of life. In that light, | can see
18 7 .
i, that we were probably responsible for agriculture, and
. therefore civilization
i
‘a
fe
a |
ii
i!
a
‘4
"Wi
i
i
ea
fi
‘a
'
vi
a

IQ) Technocracy: Propenitors

= . 1 = — ——_ . =

we ee ee ee ee eS

= 2 ¥ i. = 7 . = ees

9/1/89 Recorded excerpt from Dr. Reid's Progenitor
History class discussion of early science and philosophy:

Still science trudged on. During these early times very
few mortals approached even a dim understanding of our
theortes. With the appearance of the Greek philosophers,
however, we began one of our most remarkable histerical
uses of a nom-Progeniter think tank, embarking on one of
the first pursuits of fundamental genetics. The Greek
Philosophers spent a great deal of time discussing the
concept of heredity; Socranes, Hippocrates and Ariscortle
were preeminent among those whose theories lasted chrough
the ages. Hippocrares was ove of the few who suggested char
men and women contribured equally to their offspring or
child, and it was from Hippocrates thar we took our old
name, the Hippocratic Circle.

Aristotle was one of the earliest to suggest that the
mile contributed everything to the form, while the female
simply supplied the matter. He was one hell of a physicise,
but he should've left biobogy alone.

During these troubled times, the group that would
eventually become the Pharmacopeists turned its atten-
tlon once again to the civilizations at hand. Whenever
problems arose thar would in one way or another compli-
cate our experiments, the Phanmacopeists ran interberence
for us by incining some sertof political uproar with poisons

and drugs.

5h

nrg


However, the Trachitions quietly gathered power while

we focused our attention on science. They took advantage
of our seclusion, for we would sometimes stay for years in
our castles and towers, not bothering to emerge and see
what the Masses had recently wrought. During these times
of cloistering, the Tracitionsspread their poisomous "truth"
throughout the world. And our precious sciences were all

but forgotten...

oz fea

ln reviewing my lecture notes from Dr. Reid's history
class, ] can't help but wonder why he takes it all so damn
personally. Every reference to the Traditions is laced with

such venom. Why despise ignorance!

Persecutions of the Circle and
the Age of Enlightenment

9/4/89 Recorded excerpt from Dr. Reid's history
class discussion of the Middle Ages to Mendel:

The spread of religious dogma curing the medieval
er robbed science of hundreds of pears of potential progress
The unenlightened ruled, oppressing those who would
explain their "divine mysteries" with cold, hard facts
Persecution of the intellectual via exile, excommunication
and even murder began then. [t has noe yer ssopped

Nor uneil the lane 1éch century did reason emerge from
these dark times. Then the light began to dawn. Harvey
determined chat all things spring from eggs. Spontaneous
generation, a widespread belief among the ignorant Masses,
was disproved by Francesco Recli's study of spoiling meat
ancl flies.

Anton van Leewwenhoek, however, was the most
influencial scientist of those early times. He methodically
' used a microscope to digprove spontaneous generation, to
discover bacteria, and to discover sperm cells in semen.
Aristotle's influence prevailed, however, as poor Anton
beliewed that there was a tiny, fully formed being in each
apenm cell, just waiting for a woman in which to grow.

Finally, in 1827, someone found the mammalian egg
Herrwig then observed the fertilization of the egg by a
single sperm. Having finally shaken off the religious debris
of the past, we had reached the Age of Enlightenment.

Going back to our basics of breeding, a number of
scientists began trying to calculate the mathematics of
inheritance. There had to be rhyme and reasom oo this
scemingly chaotic phenomenon. Gregor Mendel published
his work in 1865, Thowh a monk, he had one of che
greancst inspirations and greatest strokes of luck available
to any of us. He theorited the concept of genes. Each

organism's gene has two copies, called alleles, An offspring
has a 50% chance of inheriting either allele from each
parent, leading to a new and different combinarion of
eres.

Linforcunately, Mendel's work was buried under the
novelry of Darwin's evolutionary theory, only resurfacing
poathuencusly.

The Modern Progenitors
Prom iy heart ard from any hari
Why don't people understand
Noy crebenenertas?

— Dingo Boingo, "Weird Science"

o/7/93

Ll can't believe chat these "Traclitions" weren't wiped
outa long time ago. lgnerant idiots! | understand now why
Dr. Reid hates them. It's a good thing that we took contol
of reality. Things are pretty bad mow, but they were so much
wertse then!

These "Traditions" sound like those moronic New
Age types or those idiom whe dress up like knights and
queens and bear each other up with padded weapons while
playing Bing Arthur. Pura fun, [ pues, but ['d howe to send

ale

wal these dinghars hack to those Middle Ages they prize
30 highly and see how they'd like wading in raw filth of
backing Ofce a pear.

Don't any of them realize what we've done for them?

9/10/89 Excerpt from Progenitors and Modern Cul-
ture by Cameron, 1899 (in preparation for my seminar
on past failures of Tradition projects):

elt @ commonly believed among those involved in
the Oxford laborarory group that the creature fictionalized

by Mary Shelley earlier im this century was the resule of

material stolen from the laboratory of a well-known Graft
Specialist on the Conrinenc, a Or. M. According to sources
at the time, a conference held in Paris permitted Progeni-
tors, Sons of Ether and scientises from other fields to gather
and presene their current research. During this conference,
it is believed thar an Erher scienrist of ill repute, named
Frankenstein, whe was hercely jealous of Dr. N's seminal
work on the rejoining of disconnected tissue, artempted ta
acquire Dr. N's personal morebooks. His attempt was inter:
rupted by a student of Dr. N's, and Frankenstein escaped
with but a single book.

Frankenstein slipped our of Paris and resurned home.
Using the radically advanced, bur incomplere, information
the morebook contained, he creared the monserosity thar
caused his dearh...

[noreduction 11

a
= L


o/10/R9

Iris interesting to nore that meicher Dr. N's stolen book
nor Frankenstein's notes were ever recovered. What coukl
have happened co them! It would be ineresting to find
those pa pers and anucly this entirely mhisguidexd Sepenimennt.

O/ 12/89 From Dir. Reid's history class discussion of
Mendel through W.W.I1:

While Mendel was. breeding his pea plane in the
monastery garden, scientists were generating mathemati-
cal formulas to analyze certain train, In 1865, Galton
published his major work on statistical genetics, eatablish-
ing himself as the father of eugenics. In LB95, Ploete
published Rasseniygiene, a text on eugenics that comtairved
sore Of the seminal ideas of the Nazi movement.

In 1900, Mendel was rediscovered, despite the conve-
nient disappearance of his work from the scene. Different
names appear in this time period, some of them great
Progenitors: Garrod, who applied Mendel's laws.to humans
for the firse time; Hardy and Weinberg, who explained
mathematically why there is an equilibrium berween the
existence of dominant and recessive genes; Sutton, who
observed that chromosomes from the sperm can be marched
ro nearly identical chromosomes in the egg, suggesting chat
the particles of inheritance, the genes, were carried on the
chromosonecs.

Before | continue, | must state that we were unused to
the politics of the 20th century. We were scientists, the
intellectual elite, and we didn't dirty our hands with such
underhanded, illogical manipulations. Gur past manipula-
tions were far more sophisticated and elegant.

The rise of Nazism was a fantastec Opportunity feo
experiment openly upon the Masses. Maybe Mengele was
one of curs, maybe not. Not even our oldest members knw
for sure, bur the consensus is that he probably couldn't
manage the leap of faith, sotespeak, to grasp our most basic
principles. The concentration camps, our first gross ma-
nipulations of the 20th-century society of the Masses, were
roaring successes. The data gleaned from these places ser
our Convention well ahead of any science that was subse-
quently revealed te the Masses.

This was a turning point in Progenitor history. Here,
our knowledge pool grew to such a proporuion that we were
forced to specialize. Uneil Nazi Germany, we were "jacks of
all trades," so to speak. The possililities for research blos-
somed, and lab groups diverged in all directions, eventually
forming the three basic Methodologies: the Phanmacopeists,
the FACADE Engineers and the Crenegineers.

However, our persecutors struck during the 1930s,
destroying one of cur largest holdings in the world, a facility
in the Soviet Union. The Genegineer director of an enor-
mous medical genetics inscioution inthe USSR mysteriously
disappeared. Human genecics was declared a Nazi science,
and amethodical purge of the intellectual community took
place. All who did not subscribe to the state version of

12) Technocracy: Progenitors

Peet 7 = =k be a ra _ 5 i Ee, oe

genetics were somehow eliminated, and a figurehead of
"science was set up to control experimentation and be-
lieds. It is believed that this last-dicch effort eo destroy our
influence was implemented by either the Traditions or the
large contingent of vampires who preyed upon the sheeplike
Sovier populace. True science, however, can never be
restrained...

13/89

How could Reid be so blarartly callous abour a
cide? How could he insinuate, no, proclaio the slaugheer ot
the Jews "a roaring success"? T

Vampires! [ know chat [| heard him correctly. This
whole thing has taken on a weird cast, and I'm not always
sure just what to think of it. Still, deep down, all of this rings
true somehow. | think that I'll reserve judgement, at least for

Divi.

9/15/89 From Rob's paper on the beginnings of
maxdern genetics:

woln the 1940s, Beadle and Tarum proclaimed the
"one gene, one enzyme" law, which stares that each gene
encodes a aingle enzyme of protein. Avery, MacLeod and
MoeCarcry discovered that the snuff of penes was deaxytibo-
nuches ach... .othkerwise known as DNA. DONA is mace up
of tour "bases":
rosine. A, TG, C. Chargaff found chat the quantity of A

mdencine, thymine, guanosine and cry.

equaled the quantity of T, and thar the same relationship
wae true for G and CC. Franklin, in the early 1950s, discov:
ered that the DNA molecule had some kind of helix shape

1953. Watson and Crick discover char A molecules
bond with T molecules, as do G and C. Grear reason for the
equal ratios, right? DNA is a double helix chat "uncips" to
make templates for replicatian

1956. The human chromosome count is finally deter-
mined to be 46.

1966. [ec is discovered that three bases in sequence
encode a single amine acid in a protein. The genetic code
& broken and is determined to be che same in all life....

189 Recorded excerpt from Dr. Reid's class on
Modern Genetics:

The era following the discoveries in 1956 through
1966 waa a logical extrapolation of steadily improving
techniguesand equipment. Now, understanding more about
the human makeup, we could move away from seat-ol-the-
pants herbalism into crue drugs, vaccines and antibiorics
With the advent of this technology, we easily convinced
the Masses that we had a treatment for every ill, a drug for
every pain and mood swing. From the 140s onward, our
medicines and even our street drugs have been panaceas for
the Masses, who seek a quick fix for che stress of chaotic
reality.

This is easy to understand when we realize that the
Masses have no coping mechanisms for the supernatural,


—— Oo —

cin manipulate. "We have techniques to produce lange

have had all this fora very long time, but some of the trade
secrets have been leaked to the Masses: intentionally, or by
the disgruntled or the spies that riddle our expanding

always an individual with an unusually enlightened grasp of
biology or chemistry, Recruits are somerimes chosen to
placate certain laboratories that are actively seeking Stu-
dents; more often, however, recruits are simply "discovered"
and later placed according to their innereses and aptitudes.

Students pursue a general course of smacdy, which waries

ae Sand hs ae et i a eee ce a i ate ik al Ae ge ke P| ee Tare ee aS = ae ee = ar 3
and few ewen for the natural, The Masses will seck to Why don't we just cake the world and shape in directly, "
medicate themselves withorwithourourhelp,astheyhave = make ic logical and onderly? Whar keeps us from being all a,
done for cencuries, so we have done no wrong in applying = — thar we could be! .
our science to their urges. We hawe tried to arome for <
cencuries of failing to wrest control from the Tradirions by . aa
buying the Masses a little more saniry. Structure of the Convention w

(CH course, some people were initially reluctant to use 10/5/93 Excerpt of lecture notes from Dr Martines' i
our "products." The Traditions had been shoving hogwash Overview of the Progenitors class: s
down their throats for a millennium, and still attempt todo Soudents: a
ao today. But when Bette Davis lit a cigarette and sipped a A prospective Solent can be any young person, from 4
martini on screen, everyone knew it was acceptable, eh? a dedicated adolescent to a graduate-level student, ‘that is a

We now have enzymes that cut: DNA wherever we recruited by Progenitor field operatives. The recruit is At
need tout. We have bacteria and viruses whose DNA we n

i

SErere. in length from two to eighe pears. Students' progress is A,
Ir was sometioe in the [970s thar we allowed nan- followed closely by the Primary Investigator assigned to .

Li . r ' ole]

| POPERMCOTS bo become felarively successful biologists and wivise the Student. This advisor reports to a chosen com Fu
chemin. Unul then, we had retained a relative chokehald mittee on the Student's progress. A Student will either B..
on the biological community, keeping our science for graduate or "burn out." Burnouts are dealt with, in one way Z
ourselves, with a few chosen pawns to use as our Techni- of another, by Damage Control. Graduating Srudents Ee

echentises something toward which te work, and we our-
ele needed amedicum of relief from "grunt work." So we

and defending its contents to their committees. New theo-

created the Human Genome Propect to occupy the tiny ie Misirintina: a
mines 1 one unenlightened. ; A graduate Student then becomes a Research Associ- D
The Sleeper scientists of the Project grind through ate ina laboratory working in the Seudent's field of interest. a
millions of hase pairsand generare acomplere map of genes' The RA performs research as dictated by the lab's Primary ia]
locations on the human chromosomes. It keeps them Investigator, Ambitious and creative RAS can pitch irvfar- F,
happy. and when we have the complete map, we will be mal proposals co their Pls, who can then integrate this g
able to comcecd every nuance of human life, from eye cobor Sheatlal veerch, if acceptable, nin chelr own groni i,
no mental illness ta the way the Masses wear their hair. proposals for funding. RAs use chis time co build thei q
(enes are the stuff of lite, and their influence is all- reputations and support bases in hopes of eventually super- ;
iaitatataiae Biehl 0 vising their own lakorarortes. Nerworking i essernial; it's a
In return we give the Masses "cloning" rechniques net what you know bur whem you know in the world of b!
involving frogs, transgenic mice, test-cube babies,andgene cence. "
therapy We BIve them PEKEOIC ODS, CAPE Theaters Less ambitinas or able individuals ; dten remain RAs his
and amniocentesis. Watch their culture change and grow fo Jife, stagnating as they watch their peers sunpass them q
around these things we allen them co have! We are the They often become bitter, cynical and recalcierant. These 4
eternal guardians of knowledge. We are like Prometheus are the people to watch carefully. because they somerinves 9
with fire. lf Prometheus had handed his torch to a child, hein feadina Information to comneriiors oe the Teacll- "J
that child would have burned himself. But he handed it to _ or Thecus pin sanen the Fea: E
a grown mam, whe could realize the potential of this gift imumediarely. pc
even as he burned himself. [fF the Masses knew what we Primary Investigators: q
know, they would destroy themselves. And so they must be - oe | ; 4
protected from the universe as we know it to be... A Primary Invest ipa has extenalve abilities im her ;
own atest of experte. Primary Investigaters teach and r,

9/29/80 counsel most Students. Failingeither to inetrx torte guide q

re is intolerable and may result in an "opening" ina particular a

Our potential gains are clear. How could | have evet lab. Funding, type and quality of research, and the ability to | be
thought of being jusea biologist? Mary Beth and [agree that attract new Students are the criteria for status at this level ey
fever half of what Reed has told us ie true, we can be gods. of the hierarchy. Those whostop on this rung of the success .
r

Introduction §=14 -

os Pore e rf oe eee 1" . ee ee i ee fot a ee Te 4 2 i "Fr oa = ee rr 9


ladder are usually those whe annoy the review board of
Administration, obsess irvto a tiny comer of virtually use-
less research, or lack the magical competence to proceed
further.

Scholarship, research and service are the tenets of our
science. Those individuals who excel in the service aspect
li.c., seTving On COMMIUttees tO increase productivity and
reduce bureaucracy), bur who lack the drive to succeed in
research, are removed and groomed far a post in Adminis-
[ranion.

Pls run laboratories of their own; these include at least
one Technician and a couple of dedicated Students, and
possibly an FLA as well

Research Directors:

Research Directors are the respected and revered mas-
ters of their crade. Some are cenourves old; some just seem
it. All Research Direceors share two things: uncanny knowl-
edge of their magical apecialry ric ak Maing Pers Poon
of how research can proceed in new and effective direc-
tions. These scientists have often transcended the human
need noovercomplicate the matters of the universe, instead
living by the principle of KISS: Keep lt Simple, Stupid.

Research Directors oversee a number of laborarories
that are associated either geographically or by collabora-
tions and joint appointments. The least successhul RDs
have a pair of joined labs, two Pls, and the PAs, Seudents
and Technicians associated with the Pls. The most success-
ful ron a large department in.auniversiry, possess ervormcus
laboratories of their own, and collaborate with, or have
jena AP PM MCCS aC, other universities and Coo teas.

A Progeniter-run department is easy to find. The Pls
are held in tight control, they have plency of funding, the
Soudents ane happy, and the Administration is. quite partial
to them. Non-Progenitor departments tend to be chaotic,
filled with petty batthes for perry recognition, riddled with
funding problems, and the subjects of frequent reviews by
Administration. The students (mote the lowercase; Martinez
called attention to it) are generally unhappy, underachiev-
ing amd uninspired, Qur recruiters perbodically tour these
departments as reviewers, trying to pick out the few prom-
ising students who slipped chrough our fingers at the
undergraduate bevel.

The Administration:

Litthe is known of this secret Progenitor onder, How-
ever, the Administrarion pervades all aspects of Progenitor
existence, Che Administration has final say on all projects.
The Administration provides funding or takes it away. The
Administranion organizes and supervises lange Progenitor
movements in the world of the Masses, or against the
Traditions. Administration's enforcement arm is called
Damage Contral, and can be activated witha single phone
CHa,

The Administration is the most secretive and powerful
gection of the Progenitors. Recruiters, secretaries and ad-
ministrative assistants are the only viable agents of the

l4 Technocracy: Progenitors

Administration. No one sees, meets with, or speaks direcely
to the Administrators. Their instructions come through
showers of menved, e-madl and messages through agents.
The Administration has absolure conerol over all
Progenitor laboratories, With the constant perils to our
Convention, this is, perhaps, the way it shauld be.

10/5/89

Dr. Martinez insinuates that the Administration is
part of the government, of even runs the government. |
know that there are several large health and science depart:
ments in the U.S, alome, bur the Progenitors couldn't have
complete control of the FDA, NIH, COM? and all the
smaller departments, could they!

Martine also suggests that we all walk a very thin line
of secrecy and etiquette. ['m afraid that | might cross chat
and newer knew ituntil "Amold" is in my face with a sawed -
off shotgun, telling me I should never have had lunch with
that Buddhist friend of mine. What isthe line? Where is the
book of rules by which the Administration goes! Have |
gotten inte something where the word "deadline" has a
literal meaning!

Progenitor
Methodologies

10/6/89 Excerpt froma conversation with Chain, an
RA Pharmacopeist:

"Oh, yeah, Martine: always goes through that "organi-
rational structure" crap. You need te get together with my
old advisor, Dr. Burns. She'll show you "organization." We
have the same basic stuff, but then there's the important
shie. She's got a lab in Church Hill — man, you gotra see
in to beliewe it. Old, rundown warehouse, We gueted it
about six years ago and put in state-of-the-art tech. We got
one of the sweetest setups on this coast."

All che learning in the world could not have prepared
me for meeting a Progenitor scientist named "(chain."
Whar could have possessed me to agree to go with him to
see the lab tomorrow!

10/8/89 Nore following my visit tothe Pharmacopeist
Lak:

The Pharmacopeist laboratory itself was set up like any
other Progenitor lab. Everything was very clean and orga-
nized, with machines | couldn't even begin to understand.
However, it seems that Pharmacopeist street lab groups are
very different from other Progenitor lab groupe.

The street-level lab groups deal mostly in illegal or
dangerous dings, and theit entire setups are constantly
guarded and maintained by well-armed thugs and some
nightmares thar only che FACADE Engineers could've
designed. Srreet OPPO Ves Oct and 20 at predetermined
times to gather more supplies and drop off the money they
have collected. The street operatives seem to be the


Pharmacopeist equivalent of Technicians, in thar they
know very little of the inner workings of the Progenitors
and just do what they're todd.

The Studenes in these laboratories perform the techni-
eal work of producing and purifying the drugs. The
SUS rising | rarely shows her fac E AL the | ib, ed then
only under the cover of nigh and disguises. For the mst
part, the lab's day-to-day work is supervised by resourceful
and savory RAs like (onvaun.

The dealings outside the laboratory proper are
very...sordid, (Chain tells me that in order to keep a handle
ra Be Fuca Fue pees Is POUG he takes qe the STS [fete lly
on occasion. | wish he hadn'r thought it necessary to take
me with hirn last night. No one interacted with me, but just
being tFuat Clee bo the low lite Wasses in the Street, Chee
stupidity that seems rampant outside the Technacracy, thee
dirt and grime and darkness, made me come home and take
a bong, hot shewer to try co purge that fecling from my body.
l thanked (Chain for the experience, but more for showing
me an aspect of the Progenitors in which | wanted no
invelvement

Lov LOyso

[don't believe what Mary Bech has just told me, Rob
that pasty-faced, percil-mecked rwit, has been invited fora
special rotation in Dr. Rebd's lab!!! | can't believe [ was
passed over for hem! Whiae has possessed Reid!

Oy) Lys

Mary Beth has arrached herself at che hip to Rob. She
follows him everywhere, talking in that sickly sweet South
em voice of hers. She's busy, she told me; Rob is pwtoring
her tonight. | know what kind of tutoring she's talking
about. | don't beliewe this. lm passed over for a place in
Reid's lab, then some power-hungry blond biech dumps me
for a rail with glasses. My last exam was miserable; | scraped

F ] + &
an 85 our of LOO, My life is coming apart!

FACADE Engineers

LOV12/89 Recorded notes from Dr. Linda Smith-
Nevans' seminar on the current Methodologies:

"All right, mow chat you have been taught the basics aol
how our labsare run and what is expected from each of you,
why don't we begin discussing the three individual Meth
odologes that make up the Progenitors today!

"Lo all of chis, it is important to remember that desire

Minis skirmishes be ruiee mn the different Metheadalesies,
they all mairvtain a scientific camaraderie and can usually
tum to another lab of any ty ht TOT ASEAN! Now, with
which prowp shall we begin?

Mary Beth, that underted blonde with the sunken eves,
raised her hand while calling our, "How abour che FA-
CADE Engineers!" Brown-nosing little bitch. She knew
damn well that Or. Smith-Nevans is a FACADE Engineer

Tu - =

}

‘ta

Incroduction 15

= 1" vol =

be

a Fo q= Fr

' = ii uv

U4 — =e


*... Weare known.as the Forced Adapration and Clone
Alteration Developmental Eugenicins, of the FACADE
Engineers.

The FACADE Engineers have influenced science
around the globe for cenouries. We are directly responsible
for some of the legends of mythological man-beasts and
creatures whose bodies combane the features of more than
one animal, for che dawn of selective breeching, ane for the
perpecuarion of the ideal of the perfection of breeds and
Paces.

Throughout the cennuries, FACADE Engineers have
conducted experiovents for the purpose of adapting humans
to the vagaries of different environments. Early Egyptian
Progenicors created hybrids by transposing certain bexdy
parts, such aa the head. The Masses later mistook these
creations far gods and goddesses such as Bast, Anubis and
Horus. Later, more elegant, work by Middle Eastern Pro-
genitors involved the mixing of body parts from diverse
species, producing such phenomena as angels and many
Hindu mythological figures. Greek Progenitors blended
the forms of man and beast, producing such creanures as
centaurs, the Cretan Minotaur, harpies and aquatic mertolk.
lt is beliewed thar the merfolk lived on and reproduced in
the open sea, which explains the various legends of "met-
maids" spawned by sailors. (Mote: And Lalways thought the
dugong was respomsibbe for such! Perhaps | should raise the
pode after class}

In more recent times, some of us have taken credit for
the numerous large, furred humanoid creatures sighted in
various parts of the world, including North America, Tibet
and Indonesia. Some Progenitors claim that these
"sasquatches" of "pecis" are in fact humans adapted co harsh
climates. There have also been whispers that the so-called
"leney Devil" was a goar-footed hybrid escapee from one of
out laborateries in the Pine Barrens of New Jersey.

The force of Paradox has, fortunately, made such
creatures obsolere, They now die within days. The contin-
wed tales of such creacutes are legends, nothing more.

The cloning techniques long ago perfected by the
FACADE Engineers have been instrumental to the growth
uf the Progenitor cause. Not only are they used to protect
uur scientists from betrayal and assassinacion by the Tradi-
tim Mages, but we have im essence achieved a form af
immortality. As our bodies pass their prime and begin to
deteriorate from age, wounds or disease, we transfer our
minds ta younger, stronger clones of ourselves, thus allow.
ing Us to continue our work forever. Some among us,
working with Genegineers, have altered their clone boxlies
to be more fit, to look different, of even te appear as OMe ot
their enemies, Death holds no fear for a Progenitor.

The science of cloning has made the FACADE Engi-
neers an intricate and deadly espionage force. We have
become so adept at regrowing lifeforms that we can creace
replacements of our enemies or members of their families,

l6 Technocracy: Progenitors

reprogramming the clones to act as spies aril assiasans for
the Progenitors.

Usually, the state-of-the-art cloning processes are used
onky to produce important Progenitor scientists of to clone
true Progenitor allies. The difference between the rwo
types of clones is that the most frequently used
doppelgangers, the Type Ones, are not LO0%-pertect rep-
licas. The bodies are identical all the way down co che
fingerprints and DNA, bur the personalities sometirives
show slight variations of inconsistencies. Type Ones may
not replicate every mannerism or personality quirk per
fectly. For instance, a Type Cine may eat eggs even though
the original used co hare them, or it may have lost the
nervous habic of cracking irs knuckles. [e might be missing
scars of which the Progenitors had no prior knowledge.
Such oversights, if noted by family and friends, sometimes
neceasirace the unfortunate elimination of those hapless
Sleepers.

The second method of cloning is a much more effec-
tive and costly technique; it requires acces' to both the
donor's mind and body. This is how the Progenaters transfer
the mind of one of their dead or aging colleagues into an
already prepared clone body. ‘These clones, known as Type
Twos, are exact in theirappearance, or may be altered tobe
Stronger, More attractive, or poaubly even of a different sex
or race. The minds of these clones are very carefully
transferred, leaving no inconsiatencies. Indeed, original
and clone share the same personality.

The paranoia such clones create in Tradition mages,
and even our colleagues in the Conventions, is extreme.
(One never knows whether his spouse, child, masteroreven
beloved pet could in truth be a Progenitor agente.

[t is mot unknown for the oldest, most paranoid FA-
(CADE Engineers to activate and interact with clones of
them@elves because of their distrust of others and their
belief that only they (or another "they") can cruly under-
stand the brilliance of their work. This has not shown great
success, and has in many cases led to infighting and the
destruction af more than one Progenitor

The FACADE Engineers seek to maximize the evolu-
tionary fitness of every organam on Earth. Those we
cannot maximize, we eliminate or save for future work.
This forced adapratian to a stable environment will ¢limi-
Mele dangerous extremes and pe pe Bate the safety of the
Masses.

We are the backbone of che Progenitors. Qur invabu-
able group is responsible for che prolonged life of some of
this Convention's most brlliane and insighthul scientists.
The power of the Progenitors is not in numbers, but in the
accumulated knowledge of centuries of work and the im-
mortality of the masters of their craft.

The FACADE Engineers are a tightly organized and
very secretive Methodology. The older sciencists prefer a
more switary approach to their research, only meening or
collaborating with other lab groups when absolurely neces-


7

=o Te. # ae 1

sary. | hese ancient researchers are paranoid and protective

of their work. Anyone working for ome of these hermits may

net know why he is Te QUE P00 SPC CX Per iMent OF

gather particular data until years have passed and his work
h 1% hee np hlishe cl

While the ancien seemingly have intmite pale nice
with whew a Kine. hur COMPLERETY ShCTet, TESA h Cie
Pere Toodem apToach ot rhe Ue lah PTO § hu The QUE

perish Wi rid

LO 13 /eo
lmmortaliry could certainly be useful. | omby hepee that

li Tak li ye Cob ae Wary Peer] ‘ki a idl i lid ackass, instead of

But still, it's hard for me to swallow thar all che beasts
myth and primitive pods came strarghe from wharever
for FACADE Engineer labs. Maybe some of them

ke the Minotaur. | could buy chat, because tt was biolog!-

The clones: now there's a scary thought, Very [mension

FACADE Engineers. Maybe they do run the government

1) ne Poe rnieents, Aru Eve leaders are LS inwashed
Ine Pay]
T . I = be 8 . . eal : i
| Cc IAL. MiavoH teY TE ERA ECA ICLE [MSE al bit.

The Genegineers

1 j
Subscibe ty, EOP: Pack Test cnet hide! atricthed Bo
1 P Fr j
iujfenng from a disease, And these diseases were of comers
‘| Th a Bet oe oe 2 ie ey Fi J , cis
| haat | Fi cp LE wl] i Cot we ly FLEAS GTEL Eli
feerpreted fy man as Ads barf expulsion from Paradise, wes
= oa : i Scant tn i L onl
PTOI! dh TF ey sense PE ere GG at PULP

E. fuckerkandl and L. Pauling, Horizons in Biochem

10/19/89 Recorded excerpt from Dr. Sheffan's semi-
nar on the Genegineers:

J
a)

; charlie = 5 lau | Ld: Is the
sather tha Dr. Simi Dees PS BO a Le Ce

FACADE Engineers, so] will proceed with a lecrure on the
Mutagenic Engineers," the doddering old man mumbled
LEOOSE We hit Te

Kary Fae t Ea, Wal 1 micl | iiliz, piped i Pi = Arent th a
He glared ac her sharply. "Just so, young woman, they

| i is thie (OWES wlechi ck li ey Irs membe m (rice
their actentitic poots from the rediscovery of Mencel's work
if |S). mi ik ne this hr: iat hi ont the Proge TLE a6rs less thin

LO) wears ld he ¢ CHeLINESETS howwey CO, He st hecom-

ree the Ceding CONCUINPE ELT OF CTs Onvenmtion lis neernbers

ie Wolire: All of Theme Are i hildren of the 20th century. In

Put

eee


Sf a=

PT ee ee ee eee ee

the dark present, where we must defend ourselves against
subtle bureaucratic maneuvers, political tides and devas-
tating funding cuts, those spawned and molded by this
culture are more likely to survive its violent convolurioe.

"Multidisciplinary" is che buzzword among this group.
Genegineers constantly collaborate, creating national and
even intemational ties berween laboratories and entire lab
groups. Genegineer techniques are simple and elegant,
drawing om centuries of knowledge held among the
Pharmacopeists and the FACADE Engineers. Their tech-
nologies are in constant flux because of their close
interactions with other Conventions, like lrerarionm X.

The Genegineers, like the Pharmacopeists, frequently
interact with the Masses. Unlike che Pharmacopeists, the
Cenegineers use mon-Progenitor intelligentsia to perform
"menial" research, such as mass data collection and sracis-
tical analysis, gene mapping and the grinding search for
clues to previously unknown proteins. There is a vast
spectrum of schools of thought and means of research
within their ranks. Practically every aspect of molecular
genetic research is represented among the Genegineers.
These Progenitors are usually under a certain kind of
dynamic tension, making them interesting, if stressful,
individuals with whom to work.

Genegineers have been diseressed of late by recent
shifts in the biological community. With the inclusion of
more non-Frogenitor intelligencsia into this exploding
realm of science, many Tradition mages, particularly the
Verbena, have infiltrated the Convennon under the guise
of scientists, using this facade of aurhority in an attempt to
undermine our work. The Genegineers have more contact
with these impostors than the rest of us, and enjoy discov-
ering them, rooting them out and destroying them (with
help from their brother and sister Progeninors}

The Genegineers seek complete knowledge of the
mysteries of the genes. Knowing everything at this micro-
cosmic level will in oun allow them an understanding of
every organism in the world and every phenomenon in
existence, for the principles learned at the molecular level
cam be extrapolated into all ele. Ascension and true
enlightenment can only be reached when all life has been
analyzed and understand down to the VETY AROMs,

It is rumored thar some Genegineers in Europe and
California are working on an immortaliry/regeneration
gene, deriving their work from the regenerative inverte-
brates of the world. To my knowledge, they have yet to
approach SLCC, though their faiked experiments are truly
spectacular,

The Genegineers dominate the best genetics depart-
mens at universities around the workd. They also hase
themselves among certain corporations that engineer penes
and sell genetic products. They have formal conferences
about once per year, with informal meetings taking place at
large conferences that include mon-Progenitor scientists.
The informal meetings often include socializing in hotel

18 Technacracy: Progenitors

rooms and congrepating amid large poker games. This
allows the Pls to touch bases with former Seuckents amd
strengthen the ties of the academic family

Soudents are usually recruited from the ranks of prom-
ising graduate and undergraduate college snudents who
take a class caught by a Genegineer, or perhaps do some
short-term research in hisfher laboratory. In recene years,
the Genegineers have become more compulsive about
driving potential troublemakers our of departments. Mys-
equipment malfunctions, experiments that
continually go awry, inexplicable failing grades, or simple
erosion of the student's confidence in higher ability are all
employed.

Be ricrins

LOyZOyao

Mary Beth and Robareall over each other now. Mayle
[should become a Genegineer. | could delete the genes for
Mary Beth's tongue and whiny little voice, and just delete
Rob altogether. From what | onderstand, his rocarion with
Dy. Reid is just peeing swimmingly, He's such a cocky little
aas now. He's got the dream job, the brains, the recogniticn
and the blonde.

Stephen came around and asked for cell donations for
his most recenc project. He was paying $25, so all three of
us said "sure." He took a Sem wide and 4mm deep circular
punch out of the skin on the inside of my arm. Hurt like a
bitch: he didn'r wait for the Novocain to take effec.

Lean'tsay that it wasn'ta pleasure tosee Mary Beth and
Rob in pain. [newer knew that | could be such a vindictive
soncabiteh,

The Pharmacopeists

10/26/89 Excerpt from Dr. Travis' seminar on the
Pharmacopeists:

Dr. Travis looks like the typical picture of Saran, sans
hooves and horns. His eyes are shadowy and glitter in a
really eerie way when he looks at you. He dresses very well,
especially for a professor. He was decked our im the latest
fashions and looked as ifhe had just had lunch with a movee
star. There wasn't much sanity in his eyes as he glared
around at us, and we just kept our mouths shur, something
surprising for Mary Beth. He started to pace and talk.

The Pharmacopeists are devored to understanding the
interactions between artificially induced chemicals and
the intricate biochemical makeup of a living body. [t is our
belief that the use of drugs both on and by the Masses will
better allow us co protect and control the unenlightened,
and through them, this realiry!

The Pharmacopeist Progenitors are among the oldest
and most respected scientists. We began as herbalists and
alchemists, first mixing and gathering rudimentary poisons
from plants and animals. As this science grew, it expanded
roinclude medicine, recreational drugs and ao-called magic


potions. Because of the expansion of our field, we have
often been confused with alchemies throughout history;
indeed, many of our number came from the ranks of che
alchemists.

Qur keen understanding of poisons and their applica-
tions quickly earned us a reputation as very resourceful and
thorough assassins, a held in which we quickly excelled.
More recently we have demonstraced our aptinades in
politics, public relations and advertising. We have always
had the most contact with the world of the Masses. Unlike
the other Progenitors, the Pharmacopeists have always
been aware of the Masses' goings-on. Sometimes we stood
quiecly by and warched with a cold and calculating scien-
tific eye. At other times we have assisted mankind against
the ravages of plague and famine, sometimes with great
losses among our own, bur always to gather data in the
name of science

The members of the Phanmacopeises' lab groups are far
more diverse tham those of any other Methodology. Mem-
bers can range from street-level pushers, calene agents, or
even sanitation technicians and candy -stripers, all rhe Wall
up to presidents of pharmacological companies, heads of
the Food and Drug Administration, international spies and
even the culers of drug-exporting nations.

The main resporsibilicy of the Pharmacopeists has
been to keep the Masges in control and to ensure that they
accept the reality that we force wpon them, Thanks to our
drugs anc subtle brainwashing, we have come to dominate
reality.

Man is an ape, and wishes to return to that state! He
recognises his besrial side, seeking to embrace it with one
hand while the other hides his eyes. From the beginning of
time, he has eacen fungi, swallowed potions and chewed
herbs in an effort to disguise the workd around him or as an
excuse todo the things he really wanted todo all along! We
of the Pharmaceopeises have only refined and channeled a
basic primal urge. Whole periods of history have been
contradlled by the fear or drug-induced muddle that we have
spread in an attempt to coneral the Masses. All this in
anticipation of the day we would rise up and save this
reality.

We began in ancient times by introducing mew drugs,
and subsequencly, drug addictions, to entire cultures — for
example, opium in the Far East. In the Middle Ages, our
amassination of kings, queens and nobles became so fre-
quent that the position of wine and food taser was created
In an attempt fo prevent poasoming....

During a conference in the early 1950s, a bitter fight
broke out when an angry group of Genegineers declared
that they were the last of the only true scientists, chat the
Pharmacopeises were no better than witch doctors or Ver-
bena! The Pharmacopeists tied to explain that the
mutations their newest pregnancy drug had generated om
children were totally unexpected; the drug's original ex-
perimental purpose was to cause birth defects of spontaneins

MECAMMpeS oe lycanthrope-relaned and other nonhuman
children. The Genegineers, certain thatthe Phanmacopeists
were trying to tamper with their work, were mot convinced
This opened a rift in the scientific comevuniry; bartle limes
were formed as the youngest Methodology prepared to rise
up against the oldest.

We accepted the challenge from the Genegineers. The
rise in prescription drug addictions, alcoholism and de-
signer drugs is our demonstration to the rest of the
Convention! We are the power conpralling the Masses on
the large scale! The Genegineers have since been awed by
this show of sheer power and by their own greed to possess
auch powerforthemselves. They have recently mace amends
and are now working closely with us in several different
fields of inmeresn,

The Tradition mages have just recently become aware
of the far-reaching implications of our plans and have
begun to launch contingency plans. However, in most
cases, Che damage has already been done.

We control popular soft drinks, cigarette and cothee
comparies; we are also involved in governmental and
privately owned meat planes such as those used by fast-food
establishments. The Verbena retaliated by ensuring that
the vegetarian movement gained new popularity; in re-
sponse, we began to "enhance" fertilizers and commonly
usec pesticides. The chemical substances in these items are
not readily detectable as harmful, but prolonged exposure
kills the Masses' sleeping Avatars, therchy making them
easier to contra and less likely to harm chemselves with the
AWC Re Pores sleeping in each of them.

We have cwo direct rivals. The first is our sister
Tradition, the Verbena. Que mutual hacred goes back as far
as can be remembered. Over the centuries, it has become a
deep, consuming loathing. It is mot unheard of for a
Pharmacopeist and a Verbena to seek ome another our for
purposes of harassment or desnruction.

Our second major adversary is the Celestial (Chorus.
Because of the recent Progenitor movement to destroy the
hibemacing Avatars of the Masses, thereby silencing their
voices, the Celestial Chorus has seen this as a personal
affront amd a blasphemy against their "One." The Chorus
seeking a means of halting this "insidious plot," and this
brings them into relatively frequent confrontations with
Cur ageTES.

Well, thar's abour it. Anny questions! Nol Good! Ciao,

Travis has got to be off the edge. There's no way a
subgroup of a small group like che Progenitor could have
its collective hands in every major vice and every minor
thing that involves chemicals. A conspiracy of that propor:
tion would have been detected long ago.

Or would it! What if someone detected it and became
a clone! Oy died of a mysterious genetic affliction that mo
ane else in his family ever had! Who would know, espe-

Introduction 19

ee a= #

a


cially with the medical community under the control of the

Progenitors....

Media Infiltration
and
Indoctrination

As the specemcular ttumphs of technologs
V] Minnted, something else was happening: old
sources of belef come under stege.,. The thrust
of a century of scholarshep had the effect of

Taking 1s dose confidence in our belief sysnems
and therefore in ourselpes. Amid che conceprsal
debris, there remained one sure ching — technot-
Ory.

— Neil Postman, Technopaly

10/91/89 Excerpt from De. Ishida's lecture on the
Progenitors' interaction with the Masses:

The Conventions use media indoctrination of the
Massea to create the cultural belief system. This allows us.to
pursue whatever apect of science we wish. Popularscience
fiction, forexample, i thoughe by some critics to have been
a Syndicate creation designed to expand the ability of the
Conventions to manipulate reality. Because the Masses'
percepnions direcely contreal all reality, books, stories and
movies about cloning, bielogical monsters and penetic
engineering have all made possible, through the paranoid
beliets of the gullible Masses, the existence of these spec-
racular biclagical practices.

Because of the need co monitor closely what the
Masses see, hear and read, the Pharmacopeists have firmly
entrenched themselves in key media and medical imeus-
cries. For most of the last 100 years, they have used their
centuries of praceiced skill in infiltrating society, as well as
their comiderable contacts in public relations, advertising
and politecs, to maintain a tight rein over many individuals
in the public eye. This can easily be seen in the stars and
srarlecs of the "405 and ‘50s, when the studios doled out
tranquilizers and other drugs to control their artists. Does
the nacve Judy Garland ring a bell?

The Glamour Trap
Keep young arid heal,
fe's your dary to be beanariful.
Keep young and beawtifl
tf ycar wat co be loved.
Annie Lennox, "Keep Young and Beautiful"

We have rec encly released another Jott Pragect wpa
the unsuspecting Masses, aimed largely at the female halfof
the population, Several decades ago, some FACADE
Engineers created a batch of female clones whose genetic

makeup was based on some of the most beautiful anc

IO Technocracy: Progenitors

tilented women throughout history: Helen of Troy,
Catherine de Medici and Sarah Bernhardt, to name just a
Lew

When this was completed, the ¢ Pe begLNESrs iteppec
in, making them perfect human specimens. They gave the
clones perfect eyes, perfece hair and perfect bodies. The
clones were then introduced to the Masses as mocels,
starlets amd other celebrities. The Pharmacopeists, using
their considerable talenes and influences in the areas of
alvertising and the media, shot these women into the
aptlieht, where they subsequently rocketed straighe to the

We have been observing the reaction among the
Masses, as women inevery Wesrernized culture have flocked
ro the scores for diec formulas and cosmetics, and to hospi-
all, of

course, Progenitor-controlled processes. These women all

tals for facelifta, implanres and other surgeries

attempr to reach the imposible goal of making themselves
look like the Progenitor-produced perfect women, thus
keeping them relatively busy and our of trouble. The
muloimilion dollar weighe-loss and beauty industries thar
developed have included the Syndicate and New World
Order in achministrative aspects, but the seminal ideas arid
research developments are solely of, and tor, the Progenitor
cause. This, need | add, has been a very lucrative sideline
for our Convention.

Recruiters

11/1/89 Recorded excerpt from Rob's paper on his
work with the Recruiters:

It is the Recruiters' primary dury co travel vo different
college campuses and analyze che povential of rising stu-
denes in the life sciences. | craveled with a pair of Recruiters
ro the University of Delaware last weekend on just such a
search. We spoke to a number of professors (only one of
whom was a Progeninor) and interviewed several students,
particularly those in the biclogical honor society. Two
seemed promising, but both had already established prefer-
ences as to theit graduate schools of choice, so they were
discarded.

Because of the mobile nature of their job, Recruiters
ane also expected to monitor possible Tradinion activiry.
This way, Damage Contre! can be contacted and any mew
growth can be nipped in the bud. We moved around the
town, meeting with some other members of the Technoc-
racy and speaking with students. One store, which has a
number of medieval weapon replicas and some games in the
front windew, is apparently regularly checked. Amother
concern is the growth of a New Age store across the street,
for it might be a Verbena center.

When we recurned co Virginia, we filled out indepen-
dent reports.on.our crip. Lrecommended thar the pao steres
be eliminated to preclude any potennial problems.

a ee


Rob has heen contradicting esd in class larely. [e's

ae
kind of nice tosee that pompous ass's face turn purple when

his "prize student" tells him that he's dead wrong about an

OPeankco Teacron he's USITiE AS nt example for the clas. |

overheard the Bic Rh chewing out the stick-hpure after class.

Roh was just book ng at him like he was a moron. Boy, you

met [ai fomce be gi really expenenced fand | mean thar)

afi uma Vou PET SCC de.

Damage Control
11/3/89 Recorded excerpt from Dr. Sheffan's lec-
ture on Damage Control:

Prorerit Te Ca BOE! ee: fi aC TEE Oy Se Te h

rit thet heel es fi T STIL SCars WHT CSU fal ples h ive

sa enp hes

wt

Pee ecl [ ptt are i sijchl ds hidden ir rl ices Tit
+ ai Fe, suc a chee imsicd ec the LPP arn Thi i
afc th th ake nM imc Wee Un SO Pri WET eee

Ip hes ot Primary [nvestigators ame

Research Dinecrors are ape alle oneare 1 for the Pups OF

Srcea ing c lones, See Lines WETY popul or usehul Research

jates are cloned, bur only if they have proved them
invaluable in some way
he cellular samples taken are mot just used for clon

ind personel. Any member of the Convention wha

imempts to leave his chosen cuties or reveals confidential

will probably find himself a victim of a specially

RCRPEree Te TOV IMA th 1E TARE TS cornly Cine intenile os ae | |

land possibly the victim's genetic relatives)

Most major First and Second World natkons house

DAA libraries containing not only interesting genetic

Gandhi, and Elvis, for example), but complete samples :

ll Progenitors and Progenitor affiliates ewer based in that

country. | we LON AL li in inthe USA is located in Berl sash,

Lary Land

I've heard jokes around the deprat COREE ChAT & oom

mite cH Snape ATMO thie SDUChErLLS Wi Trop Do

become FACADE Engineers 1 to perform, a8 a project in

ed cloning clases, the replicanion of a famous per-

A | ia =
sonality. Apparently, a commen subpect is Elvis. So the

King

TES, AT LIVES, amd live Bs i

11/2/89 Recorded excerpt from Dr. Robinson's lec-

Lure oT Dhamaee Control enforcement:
=

Avoid the enforcers like the plague. If you reveal

information about the Progerucors, steal ideas or material

ebjects from a colleague, perfonm experiments without

authorization, aa! recegade or blackballed scientists, oF

in any way betray the Convention to the Traditions,

Damage Control enforcers wall be the first line against you

Introduction 21

4
=

= ii
=F

a Le


= mlb #0 Zs _ am

These entorcers range from hired killers with high
caliber weapons to hideous creatures out of the labs of the
FACADE Engineers, Damage Control answers only to the
Administracon. lf the Adminietration has deemed such a
brutal method appropriate for the situation, you had best
hope chat Pou are moe their carger.

The EMCEE

TA CICaMhs with the Trad

are also called out during dire comfron-
itions, Marauders, Nephanddi of any
other vielent threar co the realiry we have molded. Emer-
gency calls will likely produce ar lease one enforcer, if nos

a SQruacinon of them

L L/L oy¥e9

] hia! thee mMistortune of seit the enforcers AL work
today, They broke into che lab next door at abour 3 aum. |
was work ge Oa Wy One | report when | heard a crash and a
acream. | stepped into the hall and saw a reptilian rail
disappear throapgh the broken door. There was anorher
ecream from the room, and chen silence, punctuated only
by a couple of counching sounds and the breaking of glass.
When all was quier, | ssepped around the comerand looked
into the dark lab. Six glowing red eyes glared around at me;
l heard a hissing growl and smelled a nauseating stench. I
have mever run so fast in my life

11/20/89

It's really odd. Rob wasn't en school today. Even Mary
Bue it occurred to me thar the

Beth seemed conused

ol a

working

laboratory next to mine was where Roh had been

with the ultracentrifuge

Technicians

11/21/89 Recorded excerpt from my oral presenta-
tion on working with Technicians:

Last weekend, my project was to assist in a Genegincer
production lab. As a Technician, my duties consisned of
mixing fresh reagents, cleaning glassware, pouring clectra-
phoresis pels, and otherwise preparing things for an BA's
experiment. When the RA arrived, we began to extract
DNA froma cell culowre, a very long and involved process
on which we spenta good 36 hours. When | asked why we
were doing it manually, he explained to me that it was eoxd
ro learn the basics of the science we allow the Masses to
kreow

The job of a Technician is to assist the scientists in the
lab and to keep the lab clean and functional. Good Tech-

nicians are retained and sometimes evolve into Soadencs,
even though they are usually older than the usual Soadencs.
In small labs, one Technician is sufficient, bur in some
larger labs, like the ome | toured in New Jersey, 30 or 40
Technicians work in an enormous space with a number of
Students, RAs and Pls

11/2 1/89

He wasn't in today either. Mary Beth told ove that she's
been getting ne answer at his apartment, just his answering
machine, which is full of messages. She went by his place,
and his car wasn't there. When she drove in this morning,
his car was in the parking lor..

L1/22/89 Recorded excerpt from Mary Beth's oral
presentation on the control of clones and homegrown
agents:

The laborarery in which | worked produces and pro-
grams clones and engineered agents. The whole lab looked
like acemething cart of a science-tiction CT" IME There i Eid
large cylindrical tanks along one side of the room, pipes,
wires, racks for small ['V bags, and other soudt chat | don't
even know about yet.

There were about five Technicians in the lab on each
shift, and there were ‘round-the-clock shifts. The RA
showed me the computer designs for the genetic sequence
of the test organism. They were making a dog with mear-
human intelligence to use as a spy. They were fixing to
replace this Dreamspeaker's Cocker Spaniel and use che
clone te spy on him amd his friends

They said that one of the other Conventions had
requested they make a clone of some priest that was
somehow relared to a member of the Celestial Chorus. | saw
the preliminary preparanions of the clone tank, and watched

some Phanmacopeists come in and inject some drugs into


ee
1 re, o> Fe

the tank after the Technicians had started to grow the
body. They showed me the nutrient fluid tanks in the labs
next door, and how to refill them with concentrates and
such. The Fl came in and enhanced the growth on all the
tanks: nome of us could do thar vet. It was all very interest.
ing and educational

Well, it's easy to see who gor the most our of his
project. Unless, of course, we consider all the bedroom
heldwork Mary Beth was doing with one of the BUAs in that
lab. "Networking is essential!"

=" h re 4 oe Lj Se el 4" 2 ae

Reb came back today, though. He wasn't quite the
same, more like be was when he first came here. Mary Beth
was actually pretty upset at being ignered by him (serves
the bitch right). He bent over his cramped little motes,
brow furrowed and glasses sliding off his face. Reid made a
few more mistakes in class, and Rob didn't react.

What hagpered?

Oh, God. | just realized, They have it, they have me,
they have my cells, they have all of us! [t's mot Rob! It is, but
it ian't. He'll never go any further. They could just as easily
do the same to me, to Mary Beth, to any of us!

| couldn't leave mow if | wanted to....

cat a a =e eet re a= a eT a ce a or

me

ee ee a

A ie

ra ea

1
=

i eh

: ee sg =

ee |

2 a t



L1/2ere9

ilmost afraid to call ins
of "cure" Dr. Reid might send

Ll aheould ao. | kre ar, bur | can
wont. lve POLE this far and wer't

Class | Lwin f Mnnke fe

1 SME ca

(ane hi fi Th: [we JUST TRA WHAT

low Progeritear an

nt is thi
'
m walkin
ket ili tal
thr Lyrat i
ik the da

memuthireg

Can hardly SESE AM yc
ering 1 Ie hence
L I 1 Ll
Mists
terrified. Rish's "re Poloement
deeply inside that | had th

TALIS TLRs

| tee | the

CET, aie
i hat
a Ps

"|
=, OTe thing Tmt

th more to the pane,

king amid Wars iting

ExternalRelations

12/4/89

are ave Tei stuicwi fC OCT WaT VET Ciense OF Che

Pechnocracy umd the way We OAL W th each ot CT. 4c

nancers sourmd like lunatics of

And there are hires, and more than fines, that this

Wise
‘marickal realiey" includes more than jude humans.

Mi ths are, in tt

belies ed SOM Of OG Stuer Sx
Ce eaT Hew niomchs ci null sh ITE Ay The 3
Vit | Ce Peon e, Pee | Ty 2row De ho Ide Wel the
ieee late, (Wie his 1am. T |Uast Abs Sit W ild rales oy
hopachs. This is real. A sick part of me can't
WHIT FO Tne Next £ be with haw | i habe Ver [5

ke hind it, | think chart ['ll re reac

Itai To


lferation X

FE SReTmimite!
|

The i =] cks fr wm. Lacacboer Who

12/5/89 Recorded excerpt from Dr. Martinez' semi-

nar series on our fellow Conventions:
lteration X has a simple bur effective way of dealing
with any whe threaten ins plans. Te destroys them. To this

end at combinwaualy needs bigger, nastier, mone enduring

hnolaical organisms to which it can acd bigger, nastier,

rare enduring cybernetic parts. Over the pears, we have

worked out an ongoing trade agreement with [eration X-
Ye prowide enginerred and genetically enhanced ongan-
isms in return for needed technological equipment.

The IT EARIS es aft Greeti iin Cloning tanks alter anh
acceptable pemetic patvenn is designed and resned. When
the clones reach certain stages of their development, ape-
cially adapred enhancement drugs are ineroduced inno the
cloning system by Pharmacopeist, a3 are various mind-
bending drugs chat are acdiministered from the time of
"oonce poor."

The FACADE Engineers can generate a single, made-
to-order lifeform of a number of identical clomes. Rumor
has tt that the FACCADE Engineers maintain a lange Hori-
con Realm linked by Portals to remote areas arcand the
world, This Realm supposedly contains thousands of clane

H ak a= - Pt

ee ee

ta

26 Technocracy: Progenitors

ih | Fa i= =F ia 4 om ks ‘= ee a he =

tanks. All of these tanks could potencially be activated
within a mater of hours by a concerted effort of associated
lab groups assigned to these duties. This would in curn
provider Iteration A with an army of mindless, cyberneri-
cally enhanceable clones

Certain lab groups receive a considerable proportion
of their funding by providing Iteration X with conrimuous
shipments of HIT Markeable lifeforms. These subjects
range from cats and dogs to adult humans and human«ids
Some ane specially ordered, very carefully made using
specific DNA samples collected from willing, unwilling oe
even unsuspecting donors. This allows the Progerutors to
ereare a HIT Mark duplicate of a certain person involved in
an Iterarion X plot. The clomes created for lrerateon X anu
other non-Progenitor Conventions are af a lower grade
than these the Progenitors are capable of creacing. Other
Conventions always receive Type One clones, which often
have personaliry inconsistencies and slight quirks

Asa failsafe, whenever we produce any organism for
lteration X's use, we encode a certain gemetic sequence in
its DNA. The actual sequence is, of course, unknown to
everyone but the top-level Progenitors. This gene can be
activated by a fast-ac ting (rene cinece PETE PS Of & We a-
bolic poison made by the Pharmacopeises. Once it has been
introduced toa HIT Mark's biceysnem, it triggers an almost
instantaneous organic death by stopping all cellular furne-
tions. This precaution has been taken just in case lnerarion
XK decides to end the partnership or, for some reason, turn
Om Us,

The New World Order

Every breath you take
Fu Cry AIL ee Te
Every bond you break
Every icp we. bake
Ube watching you

The Police, "Every Breath You Take"

12/5/89 Recorded excerpt from Dr. Martines' semi-
nar serves on our fellaw Conventions:

The Pharmacopeists are our primary link with the
Convention called the New World Order. Both have
common inneresrs in the brainwashing ard potal carved at
the Masses. The Pharmacopenns provide the New World
Order with an asenal of usedul drugs, powsens and chemical
substances. The quality and power of the crags are much
higher than those available from any other source.

The FACADE Engineers occasionally assist the New
World Order by cloning replacements for individuals. Such
a process allows the NWO? the extra benefit of replacing a
troublesome individual with a productive spy. This also
handles the messy problem of trying to explain the myste-
rious disappearances of their targets.


12/5/89

lreration A is erying to contral peaple by melding them
with computers and such. Amd it's already starting to
happen, with cdevigns for wetware and implants tes super
sede sensory hardicaps. The New World Order seems to

incl my own Linivent

have our thoughts on tap, i is
cloning my classmates. [t's hand net te feel paranoed.

a t 1

Rob has stepped coming to class. Mary Beth saya he's

a Technician in Reid's lab new. She looked scared. As

scared as | feel...

The Syndicate
Religiom and sex are Power peas

er che

Miarmnapulate the people
Selling skin, selling G
The tiembers took che sate on the credit cords
ih PETE hi c ‘Spr id ne the Di Cat
12/6/89 Reeorded excerpt from Dr. Martinez' semi-
nar senes on our fellow Conventions, with guest lecturer
Dr. Vincent Carichi:

Che Lies tee BS AM TL 1 SVT Ae 1 VET Toe has
lt

We Tae ff anded ct Cenore

Ln

with the Progeniti | ioht a!

medical probessis WC Chee Ipe (Te the Sv il CALE

you have any idea how ouch tinancial concrol this gives

the Swrmdicare! | he Popular MLCT CE WAT is a ng, bt C we

can protong lite until every system in the body tails. We

could probably keep it going even chen, but wien the EEL

eS EE, Ce Ces Pe A ed pe with Ae JUSTE Sys Cem

Ararny rate, the fees tor any kend of medical treatment are

exorbitant. [it weren'e for insurance companies, I'm sure

that no one cowld afford choctars at all.
AL] LS.

LOT =D il hriessars., LU iS CCMA CAmcers

mental de

BENE CiC Diseases, arial ce OnMuCies, are even ber-

ber. Insurance companies tend to drop people at the most

| k
IOP Peo ML MIDVSTIES, amd ib IPL bos Ory pee acy Pe hel ALLS

people stay under the financial thumb of che Spndicare all
their lives.

The advent of genetic testing
control, has given the Syndicate even more financia

Ez
les Crave W ih | ch Cio Dy a la ire number of as ndicate-
COTO led ISuUrance 20 Hipeain Ch h 1 been OMe Do Lise
fener precignositi fas a Com tbon either to rehuse Eich Pay
some exorbinant bills or to amply drop people trom thei
policies altogether. This has sometimes proved a useful
ploy for Syndicate agents, who enjoy destroying people's
lives before actually destroying the people themselves
The Sumabic We Sarees sit ne dinect invalvenwent ik uy
rl ifs bt contra . Cece of che fimanc 5: nd bookkeeping fi iT
OE plans inwvoly Ti TaityY Pro te, thie a cighe-bloss indus-
try, aind certain "aspects" of our street-level pharmaceutica
dealings. [rt also is a key to our innerests in some fast-food
chains, soft-drink corporations, and large-scale meat pro-

ducers, all of which market Phanmacopeist-drugged products

Sy ndpcaTe Were Co Cun iS

a, Mee hi

it | |
Che CVE CORAL thie

BCG RACS ay TCM we prepared 1 COPLEY

SOTA Re aVETEMLALTICALY &Very ASpoct cH the

i . .
TW ELLCADE 5

isinesses in which we are invelwed. Lf all, os

even some, beauty producers, food, beverages and drugs

widdenty became tainted with excremely toxic and un-

traceable substances, the Syncicace would find iteelf in a

very naacy comer, Shelling owt millions of dollars in pest
I ry =e on

Pilamapes, Does anyone remembe

i 7 Ls
t "Raton!

12/6 feo
flay Ese

PEC ICTS hi

LTaViS Ween t &e ae

have their hands im all these things

these other Convertions! | never dreamed that these
ther existed, much less thac they had the oorupol kv
ae To ave

The Void Engineers

Knowledge: of che anpveerse bestows gucsome bower, T

understand th recs of atoms and palawies hecarmur Gah

fs. Amd we fly to the moon, fephe phe | if the stars, and
el Ls ny pT h I hla kK h t. A fg rey al li fa let |
ihiltines for the berrenmenc of haamarty or for che dewastation

1
i aE STL a oy eT eT Pa

Kautman IL, Biack Howes

William |

7
= == ro !

Ng ne


12/7/89 Recorded excerpt trom Dr. Martine' semi-
nar senies on our fellow Conventions:
We generally have very littl contace with the Vou

Engineers, although the Genegineers enpoy the potential

challenge of adapting lifeforme tospace travel and explora

Thon A ew 1, SOO EX Ptr umienics Tay he EASIET [i Perrin

within a teno-gravity environment. Experimental designs
created specifically for zero-gravity environments coukl
result LEG SSUTTSe cruly spectacular results
Asa nesult, those of us whe ane interested in cdifhererst
directions or alternative applications of their research, of
wi 0 LIST Enh) oy a good ch llenie, are rather fond it the oad
Enmineers. Some labs, especially among the Phanmacaopeists,
have elected to assist the Void Engineers by developing
lrugs aind vitamins 00 assist im space travel. The problem of
calcium boss in the bones when the body is exposed to tera
graviry for long periods of time presents a particularly
interesting field of smudy. Perhaps you, young lacy, will fined

d pelaac e ali ngskie the Void E NEUES

8 Technocracy: Progenitors

at s Tl a se oe

The Technocracy in General
12/8/89 Recorded excerpt trom Ds

series on Gur fellow Convertor:

Se CTE Ll

Ll 1
. ITEUET

Came eT | ibs iw | Se Le) The | wT heel | t ura4Tre leternse
JP in COU Poe Tasos | ory YS OTe tT

amreements or whatever), we are more chan happy to

other powerful Technomancers. As a rule, all such chones
re lype [we, bur unbeknowner co the clone recipients,
they cortain a special selt-dearraceive gene similar to that
usec! tn the Ineration & HIT Mark. Thos, instant destruc.
tion can be wreaked by Progenitors whe are attacked on
even simply provoked by the cloned Technemarncers.

The Pharmacopeists also happily provide a vast array

of helpful drugs (megaviramins, magic-assisri rugs, en-

hancement drugs, enc. | po anyone willing to use them, Mot
of the dinsgs have some ake effeces, but the Pharimnacopeists
belbeve that the pros detininely ourweigh the cons. We also
willingly cure any mage of a cisease or Progenivor virus inte
which they accidentally happen to stumble

ad mage is willing to pay the price

The 1 OMEN thon nay COM:
Progen Tors COMA cl the ¢ SOME Ci

the TCE ning the le CPLR

nerve! ber Chem tarret th 1


——_

=

a ee ee ee ee ee

‘|

The Nine Traditions

Looking for a savior in these dirty streets,

Looking for a savior herween these dirty sheers,

Ive heen ratsing sep my harudls

Drive another nail in

Where are the angels when you need phem!

— Tori Amos, "Crucity"

some vacarion! Between a crushing workload before
the end of the semester, finals, chopping, and my general
parancia, it seemed like | would never relax. Mom was
wondering what was wrong with me. As if] could tell her!
nn atraid that I've become a very good liar, Ac least, | hope
that [ have!

Mary Beth called me up during the boliday. She
sounded upset, but | don't feel a6 though | can trust her. Tt
was satistying co hang wp in her ear, but | felt pretty bad
afterward.

Tes Fou? it all off, | came hack imitice class tik find (hain
hanging around. He said something about "extracurricular
studies," but | don't buy it, He's here to keep an eve on us.
[know it. Dr. Reid srarted che semester by going ino detail
about he Traditions. (Chain's reaction to the whole subject
has been so scary that I'm sure chat he's here jusr to dissuade
us from even thinking about defecting

Blot chat | would, of course...

The Akashic Brotherhood

1/6/90 Excerpt from Mary Beth's extra credit paper
on the Traditions:

The Progenitors are disturbed by the recent spread of
the Akashic Brotherhosad's philosophy into Western civili-
ration through the martial-arts fad. Many Technomancers
believe thar the Akashic Brotherhood is deliberarely trving
ro spread its word among the world's populace, prompting
new exploranans of mystica and mind/body control.

The serene, introspective lifestyle of the Brotherhoxd
could pose a dangerous threat to our hold on reality if it
actually captured the imaginations of the Masses. The
Fharmacopeists in particular are bothered by the
Brotherhood's ideal of the pure body, which encourages
holistic and herbalist medicine instead of carefully super-
vised medications, self-healing rather than frequent visits
no medical probessicrials....

The Celestial Chorus

"Fools!" said |, "you do nor keow,

Silence like a concer gras."

— Simon and Garfunkel, "The Sound of Silence"

1/60 Recorded excerpts from Chain's class presen-
tations on "Pharmacopeist enemics and Progenitor
threats":

JO Tradition more deserves to he crushed by the
Technocracy than does the Celestial Chorus, [ts members
stand against everything we believe, Wie have targeted
their Tradition for termination and have bearen them into
submission with our reality. We have repeatedly kicked
them while they were down on their knees with the Masses,
praying to their false god to save them; all the while they
ignored the fact thar the "Ce," as they call it, deaf to her
children's cries.

The Progenitor plan to destroy the Avatars in the
Masses, thereby rendering them harmless, ts the ultimate
blasphemy to the Celestial (horus. [ts members believe
that a piece of the One — that is, the Avarar — is
represented asa mystic voice within each and every person.
lf they can manage to get the entine world to sing again in
harmony, all will Ascend. Hey, | ask, wharabourt che people
who can't sing? | know guys thar couldn't carry a cone if it
hiwd wv bearedlle om ir.

Burt anyway, because our plan to sterilize the Avatars
of the Masses would silence those voices, and thus kill a
little piece of the One, the mages of the Celestial Choms
have their pances in a bunch. The strict, militaristic
members of this group of fruits constantly raid Progenitor
labs amd continuously assassinate our operatives. | myself
have been killed by them four times. They back all sorts of
groups that try to stir wp trouble for scientists, like the
terrorist anti-animal research types: "Don't hurt the cure
little fuzzy bunnies, you bad scientists." | mean, please! We
don't even use rabbits for our freaking experiments any
more. We use children instead...

That's a joke. Get it?

The Cult of Ecstasy
Chive yourself over to absoture pleasiere ,
Swim the warn waters of sens of the flesh,
Erotic nightmares beyond any measure,
ard sensaal dirwireams to treasure forever

— Dy. Frank N. Furter, The Rocky Horror Picture Show

1/9/90 Excerpt from Mary Beth's extra credit paper
on the Traditions:

The Cult of Ecstasy i¢ one of the few Traditions over
which we have some control. lts members' free use of drugs
allows us to infiltrate and manipulate them. On the other
hand, the Cule's "open-your-mind" ideal has had a lot of
effect on the Masses. This is the Tradition that supposedly

made paychoactves fashionable in the first place
Chapter Two 29
ee ye ee ee ee ee ee ee ="


eS = me ee aes ai ee "is eo eee ek Se ee ae =F
Gq Mot all of raembers of the Cult use drugs, bur all of
si them firmly beliewe chat drugs allow humans to explore
Fe reality in new and different ways. They offen use our
fi hallucinatory and magick-affecting drugs to enhance of
J control their perceptions. We freely allow them access to
nt our drugs, even our enhanced varieties, though they often
Cy do nor know that they are receiving these drugs directly
bs from us. How ironic that the Phanmacopeists now use the
a Cult of Ecstasy's vaunted teal of enlightenment to dull the
it Sleepers' collective consciousness, Our street drugs would
2 not be nearly as popular without the cult's "help," and the
= mapes kevow it.

ae lm

‘a The Cult of Eestasy probably isn't as simple to control
" as Mary Beth makes ir seem. Chain hates the Cult with a
nH passion. It seems that the Cult's conerol extends to any-
"a thing that makes the youth of the country rebel against the
fe staid, ordered world of the Technocracy. Tur on MTW
a and you'll see ins influence. Some influence! No wonder
b we Te on opposite sides.

cc The Dreamspeakers

a Whae is life? A fremey. Whaat is life?

a A shadow, an ilhasion, and a sham

Lr The greatest good ix small; all life, it seers,

fl i.

Is just a dream, and even dreams are dreams
Caldeton, "La Vida Es Sueno"

1/9/90 Recorded excerpt from Chain's class presen-
tations on "Pharmacopeiat Enemies and Progenitor
Threats":

The Dreamspeakers believe that science is slowly
killing both the world and them, While they wasted their
time attempting to commune with an Earth-spirit whom
they believe to be the world itself, we instituted science and
technology. Now that they have bothered to stop day-
dreaming and look arownd them, they notice what has
happened and say thar the Earth is not happy.

So now they artempe to reclaim "Mother Earth." This
places them in direct conflict with all aspects of the
Technecracy, especially us. | heard somewhere that the

The Euthanatos are believed to manipulate humanity
to their own ends, creating psychotic serial killers and
killing individuals who they feel should be removed to
provide more options for everyone else. Wecanunderstand
this approach, combining reincarnation and eugenics: it
acema very similar ro the accions of the carly Phanmacopeists
before the advances of the Hippocratic Circle. It is our
doubtful hope thar the Euchanatos will ewenrually see the
wisdom of cur ways and join the fold of the Technocracy.
[f mot, they couse be destroyed along with the ree.

Since Aupust, ve become a really good liar, even in
my papers. | was always good at picking up and regungitaring
whatever my professors wanted to hear. My writing on that
paper was awfully stiff, though. | hope thar they don't
SLISPECT....

The Order of Hermes

Energy is contagious

Enehacsiasrn. spreads
Tides respond to lunar gravitation
Bverthing fae in syichromos relacion.

— Rush, "Chain Lightning"

1/9/90 Excerpt from Mary Beth's extra credit paper
on the Traditions:

The Order of Hermes seeks to turn magick intoa easily
learned and recorded art, something on which they can
depend. They refine their formulas to a real science, ome
that they can easily teach, reuse and pass.on coorhers. They
hate us because we had similar ideas and took them to their
logical conclusion, science — a leap they could mever
make.

Sources indicate that the Order of Hermes had a strong
grip on the Masses during the Mikidle Ages, and threw the
Hippocratic Circle our of its fellowship when the Circle
cried to dig through the metaphors and find the sciencific
realinies im its craft. These same sources indicate that the
Order is noe pleased that their old procigals have replaced
them at the top of the realiry chain....

re Dreamspeakers started that "Ciaia hypothesis" that was se Speaking of "Chain," | would swear that Mary Beech is
‘g popular a few years a They're not usually organized snuggling up to that long-haired, greasy bastard now thar
= enough to pose much of a threat, bur shoukd be knocked off Robis out of the way. Am | being paranoid, of is she just ever
a singly if the opportuniry presents itself. go the social clisber?

fs The Euthanatos "ape

al = — 7 =i = | -"

1 40,000 men and women everydiry, The Sons of Ether

J 4 a he i ' ] . Pal a |

7 Like Romeo and Juliet, 1/10/90 Recorded excerpt from Chain's class pre-
om 40,000 men and women everyday, sentations on "Pharmacopeist Enemies and Progenitor
"7 Another 40,000 coming everyday. Threats":

f! — Blue Oyster Cult, "Don't Fear the Reaper" These pathetic pseude-scientists who purme pipe
hi, L/9/90 Excerpts from my extra credit paper on the dreams and pots of gold at the ends of rainbows need to be
a Traditions: wiped out almost as much as the Celestial Chorus does.
il

a 30 Technocracy: Progenitors

fia 3 1 ee! ore ee ee YL a ee a aig i cia et 2 Pee = ana a Pe on pest rr a= eee


ee eee ee ee

Dheir "sciences ane not much more than the graspings wt
the mad at delusionary straws. One need only lok at the
example their most famous member, Victor Franken
stein, tosee what miserable failures most of their experiments
ate

At CHS thei rescarch usually HECK, S thee LEI the

process, keeping their numbers small. When we gee some

free time, we should probably slip them one of our pext

books and let them wipe themselves out with a genetically

engineered virus while they try to cure some disease

Verbena
1110 Quote trom Dr, Reid's texthook The Pro-
gerdtors versus the Traditions: An Age-Old Bartle, 1965

nh the Ancien dans, We WED: Were Ouch like the

J =
F erben 1, CHE rhey have rel ised To PTO As thie ES Tha We i.
hon hy [They Set PTUTUMCVEe, Pear train | | 1 ge less Ith this Mee
BL
age of understanding. They play in blood and sap, dance 7
j r =| al
' naked around trees, and chant to che open sky. They barrle a
'
us with econermoriam and acciviem, vainly seeking to block
our conquest of knowledge. [hey are herbalisr witches and Y
holistic treaks with no place in our clean, safe world n
ca
‘
Fs
Virtual Adepts 4
t

1/13/90 Personal note on one of Dr. Reid's Progeni-

| bor science lectures: cc

Mary Beth raised her hand. "Ch. Rei | heard HTC a

1 MeETCO, Che i irtual A dents the LOT cha Wi his LAVETL CWE oa
=

hits To SY Le See ey if Aren't Cive} 8 li iil Dice roo?

have never seen Dr. Reid so angry. He turned scarlet -

nd sheuted, "Traitorous scoundrels! They betrayed the @]

-—_ , r all
Technecracy to join the Traditions, a crime that can never i

eS ier er. i 1 lI kil cha i oan sight!" k Le ioved down "a

) alittle after thar, but his outhurst was really Wien Lh Are i
presently work Tal W ith [reration % to construct a NSCeoatec h at)

" : A,

VITMIS, he Sk, Mage ot mm lec wlan nachinery 16. well 15 a

mie Fi, thi I will destroy Im " Tt ial Adept 4, hic OOP Tacs

Rn UNE TMAC Hal Tec tk The Ey LUT TL ace PCs hi ve al cack
i heen nrc Cin SMA6e dr fs CoO bumn OIE the minds of Cay iw]
Virtual ae Ms [ wey ih scles rhe I hed: ches d bee oot he feady :

lean't deny that ['ve thought abeut leaving, but | know
that Pd never get away with it. The walls have ears, the
i SCTE CS h ive SWes cum the CS Twat ikl h ct ar ¢ RAP eC raCicMn

Like Dr. Reid said, I've mace my bed. Time to pull up

the covers and make myself comfortable.

Chapter Two 3]

eee Po re PS Pero he eS i Pa ore | Too) i


f = ee BF rt = ic ae _ cee Ae as = th al ue =e a2 i be = se = = £ : a ‘a a iL ll ne vey cn LU
4 Oth ; he ‘mater This makes them a threar that we must artempe to neutral
er Supernaltira ——
b | e p ite, though perhaps our fellow Conventions, like Iteration
e =a pret i r r
; }- ntities X. might be beter prepared to deal with animate conpses.
val —_ 5 ile Pr a |
i le hae been theorized, however, thar true "mage" blood
= Monsters and madmen all come alive could produce strange and unexpected side etlects if con-
= And the dead start walking sumed bya vampire. These effects are complerely unknown,
a: There's no place no fide but might be quite interesting to observe
y There's no place to hide. Some of our scientists within the Center for Disease
"4 Oingo Boinga, "When the Lights Go Our" Control have begun fo notice a curious pattern in the
nal 1/18/90 rransmisston of HEV, che virus that causes AIDS; the virus
i, | ; — ; is being passed to some people without any evidence of
Slow | know that ['sa losing my mind. Dr. Reid, the re F d a ed the CDC'
Py . . . ] i See Le _LH CE, aE a. « a nis Las i il AU Chive is
Fe brilliant scientist whe blew my world to pieces a few short "dig its — ee ne Deeae . z
. months ago, hes started talking abour monsters. | can se interest in vampiric phenomena and has given them a new
iy head ey ais means of studying it. Some young Progenicors have soughe
a why he has waited to broach the subject. With all of the a ,
Le Lscrmn hit: Sent ets a tew morscet leads derived from these patterns, bur have never recurned
= em almost aa with their comelusicwns.
Almnenst. Werewolves
ia ee ee Burning inside with violence anger
‘ Excerpts from Dr. Reid's lecture on supernatural Tee
Ln threats te the Masses: ‘i
; I speak co trey heart
my V nires Created from. mutter
ad : . = 7 wry i ope nal ol sileare PTs
ry Evervhing has a mirror image — except, of course, a From the ashes of the elements
‘a tuemipire. — (Sarl Or, Canning Burana
af — Morrison and Boyd, Organic Chemistry For many cencuries, we have been aware af the exist-
4 Some of us have had encounters with the creatures  *MCe of lypcanthropic. creatures. Many of our oldest members
a known as vampires. Few have managed to escape an en- have had an encounter with some form of lycanthrope.
c counter unscathed or with any concrete data. Ancient tales Regretrably, these encounters have garnered us little con-
a are full of bestial creatures who possess the powertochange Tete daca. All we have co date are a few los ec hypotheses
"i s | . : 1 mahal ta " ‘ Th ct The CREPE: "
their form and are consumed with an evil bloodlust, These and — conilicting pareanal reports of ‘the' creatures
a blasdsucking ghouls are believed to be undead beings who acon and wide range of abilities.
" prey on humanity and innocent societies. We have managed to discern that there are individual
a | " Le "| = . ~~ uo pe | "J Th ae H rola +t ec LT ' oS rg .
- The intriguing mystery of the vampire has led many a breeds of werewoly es, and thar their abilities vary depend
: curious Progenitoron a merry chase. Intent. on proving the ing on pedigree. [ris interesting to note that there seems to
a) J i ' . ' ag : | — ba he CST _ arele rhe oe 3 wm Tee
a existence of these creatures, some Progenitors spend years be at lease one groups ol mongeels that seems intent on the
" secking subjects for ePRISECTRON and amalysis, This has cdeseruction of their awn keirud, All hyoanchropes atin trac-
resulted in che boss of many promising sciertiscs. ticus in the exereme, bur this breed, called "Black Spiral
i We now accept a lees chat vampires do indeed exist Dancers," is an oddity among oddities, and dangerous to
7 . bencat.
i and have for many centuries. This has led wi te the conelu-
val sion that perhaps the legends of the vampires have some Recently, some vague information about these
4 scientific merit. Because we have control over and exter shapechangers has been passed to _ the 1990 interna
' sive knowledge of any living thing, it wouldcertainlybe in © "onal Conference of Progenitor Science. A Pl from
» ji 7 i : r 2k Jags : a Pet) eee apne | 1h rec = ry cy |r more tl ws) a a
[- our best interests to gather some concrete facts about these Developmental Neogenetics Amaleamared (DA) re-
oi creatures of the night vealed thatseveral werewolves have recently been captured
"A Several lab groups have recently devoted themselve and examined by his corporation. Gur brief analyses have |
= to the atucly Gf vamnnene miei, Rabies, abilities and been able to glean some small degree of information before
‘a hiolegical functions. The only fact of which we are rela- our specimens and records were destroyed by other
af os ri zits a Tae ‘remagious a Set corcain leanthropes. Certain peculiarities in the werewolf genetic
4 tively certain is that vamp Must consume cert: a
" ert 2 7 . template have been isolated, but have yer to be analyzed.
"i quantities of human blood toexist. Because of the apparent :
Hf COTREC Mess "if rhe legends on this point the Prowenitesrs The company invelved [S222 R 1TE Wore dubs eces fot study tf
4 must is 2 aie rhat peilianale beast Ben che crlaee order to accumulate data on reproduction, the nature of
F LUST deo DOSER Cee HE : F c c c ; r i '
ad legends ixvulvinig veancieneeenne iter hyeanthropes' ability to change forms, and werewoll cul-

It matters little to these creatutes wherher they derive
thearsustenance from one of the Masses ora Dechnomancer.

42) Technocracy: Progenitors

ture, if such a thing could truly exist.
Two interesting sticking points when studying
lyeanthropes are the creacures seeming imovunicy to Para-

Ce ee ee ee ee ee ee oe

ee =e, 1 Fr LS os oT = qe ee == ij re; _ Fi =» Tore, f= fi,

ey = 1 | i _ I it = wht
dox and their ability co remain hidden in plain sight. We

suspect the former relares co the lycanthrope's traditianal
Place in the Masses' folklore, thus exempting it from
Paradox. The lartver seems to derive from a sort of mass
hallucination suttered by the Masses when lycanthropes
apocar before them. There is, it would seem, ovech to learn

from deeper studies on the hoanthropic question.

MIUMIneSs

The existence of these creatures is mosthy rumor and
hearsay, though | have spoken to an ancient FACADE
Engineer who claims to know one. He claims that they are
truly immortal and have lived for thousands of years,
pethaps even since prehistoric times. He babbled some-
thing abour the great science of Atlantis, etc., so ome must
obviously take all his comments with a lange grain of salt

Faeries

(hack! Je bie me!"

"What did you expect faeries to do!

"T eheotaghe they did nice chengs, dike, [ee eromting wishes."

"Hach. Shows what vou favow, don'e int"

— Sarah and Hoggle, Labyrinth

Yes, ] be | bee im faenes | have Det A few by acc bert.
And Tit, | IPT PeaT jcok me. The Y are dangercius Cre: ituires, aril

when hve breach Car barrier ATS thet Lh rtd, thes

wreak more hawec chan any other supernatural threat
save, perhaps, the Marauders

Their types are unclassitied and uncounted, bur thes
have heen obserned disappca4ring, ia hi ieee foartn, Aru!
controlling minds amome the Masses,

Sone are afected, as the leg nds state, by inon bat r
brue scientist shouldn't count on that. Rear to find some wat
of banishing them back to their world, if high-calibe
Prep we4©r cle ect 'E take them dow ri firs fen embe f, the atk
fneries are ad Inger ti the hel asse Sand mar be desnroned of

re merect. lt 8 VOUT duty the dury Oe | ECHhonaneey

Ghosts

Chan, tet te Pala ot,

Lat TT grab Shit sceual mds

Kare Bush, "Wuthering Heighes"

There is some sort of supernarural hogwash about
trapped souls remaining on this plane. There are noghaosts.
Phere are encinies who occasionally pierce the Barrier with
the assistance of the Traditions or the Marauders, and
these, of couse, gust be eliminated. Please remember chat

5 Pe C
Ou are @ scoentist ol lie_..we yervy, very mrely are ever

cthective against spirits, though we do use them as slighely

SEN ChE enheray sauces for some of oT becessary Lem
‘|
eo

However, we can certainly deal with the individuals wh

SUTTLIEL wed! ciwe rt i.

—a - F + oes a ee om ee —
Fe a Fe Pet ee =, ea eT = tet | = 4

ae re

ea

Ra
rm

ie


af,
i
"4 re ite or a ae et #
1/28/90 The SNephandi
4 I warneed science and all | get is farvcasy, a fannasy thar The Nephandi are threats not only to reality, but to
a i as peal and hard as SCIETICE, The Progenicons don't have evervthing existing in it. If we were ever to assist the
" central, bur ehey do. They hunt people down and curn Treilieiciaa ie mi encdeawer. ik vere well could be the destruc
- them inte annisepric horrors, but the things char go bunnup: tion of the Mechandi. We have already hanished their
| ry - j i t L Et Lies Pe Pe | a I tal COR GLILeE at it J
sa in the night are still there. These things are real! | don't Fins ninth eanth
now if [ should go rad or puse go. But | can't go. Beyond :
spielen es : x ‘pa The Nephandi corrupt everything we have struggled
wd the DNA, beyond lovers with the eyes of strangers, beyond aa i
; ; a. to build. They come to the Awakened, tempting us with
‘a even tight and wrong, | realize chat this is the only magic | ' "i "
. unholy power and unspeakable promises: The Demon
h, can wield, the only power I'll ever have... SS ere eo oe
a | ae iba Hordes they serve seck the magical essence contained in
E Everything | hear further convinces methateveryone = ch human being, giving us yet another reason to purge
ee aaa 2 ‘ TT i z a oh | aj a & Tl . aT = P ti rT . - 7
4 he i pei mai il nightmare thar the Avatars of che slecping Masses and be done with ir. We i
4 monly new aware of. God help me! have theorized thar this will have the effect of rendering
b tad the Masses unappetizing and unusable by the Nephandi

I i> and cheir allies.
ai The Marauders ae
"| 2/7/90 Recorded excerpts from Chain's class presen-

i tations on "Pharmacopeist Enemies and Progenitor ) a oe ee 1;
J Nephandi, the Traditions. Madness, destruction and igno-

. Threats ; rance. The Progenitors embody all these and more! Is this
tn The Marauders are totally — Above a other whar | had in mind? | swear this isn't what [ wanted!
7 threat, these mages are our enemies. The fabric of realiry
pe warps and rips around them, freeing spirits and demons
:
E
i!

Vampires, werewolves and worse. The Marauders, the

Reid has told us to. come to his laboratory in Washing-

js aa ton tomorrow. There's something he wants to show us all,
from the Urnbra. It is our dury as members of the Technoc-

7 racy to prorece the world from the chacs the Marauders
A spread. Given a choice berween barcling a Tradition mage
of bartling a Marauder, the Marauder must take priociry,
even if inmeansa temporary truce with the Tradinon mage

he says, some final revelation. ['m not sure that | can handle

another one! Do | dare see it! [f mot, how do I avoid it?
The past few weeks have held roo many a

once thought thar | wanted all dhe knowledge | could grab,

but now | see the madness in that course. | can scill feel that

i. driving ito, Fi be alien F . TLDS Linge indie, though, PVCl how, dragging FOE Cc things
a rVving | JPIrst, it em nates One cee Cet CT eee: : ; : :

1 ile as i) |: ig, lela nor ‘ about which I'd racher noc kmeow. Is this my Avarar? | gwess
: second, it Rives Ls something to dissect and analyze, so we

' : that it is. [fir is, herw cho 1 desig it?
. can find quicker and more effective ways of killing them.

Deep down, | have co know, A part of me must know,
A now, everything. I'm going. Nothing can be worse than the
ay things | have already seen and heard.

Oine final revelation. | wonder how ['ll handle this
La cme!

zm End of jowrnal

ae

au" a a

14 Technocracy: Progenitors

ie fe


—a

i=

i

|

a = eS

hapter Two



. Hee th i, 4 "al ane ay

it
+ try i ain i i i p

y") tae Nol

att ty
i fe | _ i hie

}



=.

=

1

=e Pe

wey
i ty "F

Pat eftr tt fers eat

4 iched nto Cweo

a

Dg. ad Gee We

ick and

pratt aj

I =
Preaqenitt

a
al r

Bes,

he first while the secomd ci

cel mpl: ites hi MT

heasts from | lumi ‘convtre |

Sci lence

chk
tee oe |

ere haps
PELE a T L

Pe SHC ee
wieas... 0h
TeVedl he

pet ed A

| ; The Technomancers use tn
: y Out theirctieces muse be wed

tions of realiry. Few

simply whip our their pocke

warp realiry to cheat
magick relies om aclad thoes
theories may take

Progenit

the Like Sphie TE, (VS ATeCe

Pay = ey

irHe

PF Lo

we Peta.

Pears Co Peri

1
or magick, base

PCENOATeS OT

Promenitor char

CTPA NSaOeS ihe if ewok | ime il

| j
CSO PPPS ES BE Ue, pS CUPL PLES

Ci HS, ee ic Y aruL En

i I ‘|
I Ache! oily TCRTHALU Le Lr

diz

O Wied Bact experts

TOOTIES LF TLS Tle Lier

Hay ese POLS , Soy

TRTUPLe ry bcd Ea eek DAS TeGeInwW Ci
i ! a Py A
eve that echamagy can plamly

j ,
ey ALE Adee ee

1
Tae iy PTE LTE CAL ese ras

TLiTT hyas ea ee ere! |
COAL, I eL Pevtaca fica

living body. Genetic tinke
living n

E OOmnigters aired Progenitors are mot Dum ti

Techn racy spe | Ls if: fT iit ona ettecrs Ci
eS IEW the bs she E Mel Le: i| tte
cl russ and sadder ace CK OM SL

| as If

!

1a a

Tine

cs lik lal hie it SCE
eT tu are a Prop

et ae nad

OPE TIOS CAM CeCe changes

Tenerice Ut Chee

La

ite magick ory

MCEN Cate hia

ks, brain ane
eninors best

, bur thei
ily orn this

Lie

s - 2 = a i
a Fe ee ee ee

Lt

i


— I o = a 7 a 1 —— P q L 7 -. v
oh ee ee ee ee

Foci
We apologize for che moomecruence .
— Douglas Adams, So Long and Thanks For All the Fish
All Technomancers, regardless of their enlighten-
ment, use some sort of focus. Their world-view requires
some sort of material basis for reality alteration. Simply
snapping one's fingers to accomplish magick will not do in

the Techmomancers' world, By their own detinirion of

reality, magick without a focus is nor possible,

Foci are hardly universal. The nature of a given focus
depends largely on the definition of the magickal effect.
One Progenitor may swallow a handful of pills to alter his
genetic structure, while another might connect herself toa
portable GeneTech accelerator. The foci below are sug.
gested samples and may vary according to the pet theories
of che Technomancers involved.

FACADE Engineers.

Scalpel — Matter/hind

Clone Tank — Prime

Calculator — Correspondence

Saline flaicl

Elecericity — Forces

Life/Entrapy

Classes — Spirit

Stopwatch — Time

Genegineers

Vial of bacterial culture — Prime
Fluid wich DAWA — Life/Sparit
Mini-computer — Correspondence
Electricity — Porces/Entropy
Textbook — Matter Mind
Stopwatch — Time
Pharmacopeists

Racor blade — Eneropy

Chain — Comespondence

Vial — Life/Prime
Drug paraphernalia — Mind/Spirit
Fire — Forces

Matter

Scale
Scopwatch — Time
. _ a 7 | : | = r -

General Progenitor

' |
Life Effects

These effects are common to each branch of the
Canvenction; many are cencuries old. Each Methodology
takes a different approach to these effects, bur che basic
SOPLACTUPE PERE che Same.

This allows the magick-worker no identify and scan

Late Parterns. By reading a being's Pattern, the Progenitor
can denermire me, gK, Paoe, aPeCpes, health Area "nena
|
40) Technocracy: Progenitors

ture." The signature reveals if the organism occurred naru-
rally or was modified by Progenitors.

*® Lower Lifeform Manipulations

The Progenitor can alter invertebrates: insects, crusta-
ceans, mollusks, worms, plants, fungi, protomans, ete.
Common manipulations include: increasing an organism
to phenomenal size; making minor body modifications
(nothing thar drastically changes the function or shape of
the body); restoring and destroying the Partern; and, in the
case of planes, grearly increasing pharmacological potency.

ee© Limited Crrafting and Recombination

The Progenitor can now alter her own bexty, for a
limited time and in a limited fashion. By atudying che
intricate workings of animals' Life Parterns, she can adape
herself in limired ways to different environments of situa-
tions. Such adaptation includes: sprouting claws or fangs;
growing a fish tail; sprouting webbing between fingers fos
swimming of from the tora te the arms for gliding. Just
becnuse a mage can prow the parts does not mean she krows
how to use them, however.

This effect allows the Progenitor to disguise herself,
c hanging her face, bevel y shape ce gender. She can also place
a Life Pattern in stasia, keeping it alive while she performs
viveection, transfers pieces co and from the body, of
prepares a clone.

Grafting new parts on lower lifeforms and small ani.
mals is likewise possible. Insodoing, the mage may alter the
Pattern to maintain the new parts, of sizes to fit the bodies.
This allows the creation of hybrid creatures through such
processes as grafting enlarged bird wings to a horse or bat
wings to a (Chihuahua. Heads can even be switched be-
rween animals. These unwieldy combinations often have
very short liteapans, a problem the Progenitors have yet to
OVEPOOME,

eee Higher Lifeform Grafting and Recombination

The Technomancer may now perform major grafts and
alterations involving humans and lower lifefonms. Thus,
creanures like minotaurs, centaurs, harpics, angels, aphinxes
and mermaids may be created. These are mot the true
mythical beasts and have no magickal powers, bur they are
Ticere enduring and mapeive to their environment (and
make damn startling opponents! ). Iris worth moving that
Progenitor higher-ups frown on such vulgar magick. A
Technomancer had better have a good reason for making
monsters unless she belongs ta Damage Contre.

eeeee Cloning Shapeshifting

The Progenitor can reproduce a complete human body
from a sample of tissue. The Progenitor must also have
Rank Five in the Mind Sphere to transfer or provide an
intelligence for the clone bochy, and Rank Four in the Spirit
Sphrere to provide the clone with a true identity.

Acthis rank, the Progenicor gains complete control of
her own body and can shapechange freely co any form that
dhe can imagine (this is where Paradox can come into play


i ell

— eee

re, ys aa;

with the Progenitors). Many Progenitors pick one or tw
forms that they want to use and then practice moving and
interacting in those forms. The new forms are alien at first,

take for granted, like flying in bird form, swimming asa fish
ordolphin, cunning on all fours, or jumping from branch to
branch like a squirrel.

Methodology Effects
These effects are taughe within the separate Mecthod-

ologies and reflecteach Methodology's particularspectalry.

Members of other Methodolomes may learn these effects,

of course, bur finding a teacher may be diffscule.

FACADE Engineer Life Effects

We're all clones,

Ome os all and all are one,

Ome és all and all are one

— Alice Cooper, "We're All Clones"

* Pattern Store

This effect allows the Progenitor to memorize the
Patterns of studied lifeforms. Patterns serve as blueprints
for furure surgeries or alterations; mages can superimpose
the memoriced Patter over the section to be altered and
make alterations using the stored Pattern as a map or
working oadel.

** Auement Simple Lifcform

The FACADE Engineer can alrer an organism's Lite
Parnerti ter increase aspects ot its horn. Fist example, she
could drastically increase its size. Because most of these
organisms are very small insects, spiders, ovushroomes,
algae —= each success attained increases the size multiple by
a factor of 10. (Langer simple organisms, such as plants, are
single swocess would result ina tiny creature becoming 10
times its normal size; two successes, times; etc. An
augmented animal also undergoes physiological alterations
necessary to survive (for example, an insect's breathing
spicules are enlarged, thereby enabling it to breathe at
greater sizes},

ate.
a hi

For example, a FACADE Engineer on the run from a
hand of Tradition mages frantically throws his magic at a
nearby hornet. He scores three successes and happily disap-
pears into a nearby building as the hornet, now ¥) inches
longand thoroughly annoyed, attacks the Tradition mages.
Tie hornet's sting is also enhanced, for the size of irs stinger
and venom glands have likewise increased. The insece now
injects 30 times the amount of vervom, enough to kill moe
Sleepers.

eee Graft Alien Bio-Matter Between Animals

This effect allows che transferal of body parts berween
animals — for example, adding il frog LOPE Co & Car. ‘The
grafted section functions normally, bur the animal ovuse

still learn how to use its mew appendage. (The aforemen-

tioned cat would have an awful time licking its fur in the
beninning, and might have to adape ics baching routine to
the new tongue.) Most FACADE Engineers alter fairly
young animals, thus allowing them to mature using their
new parts and become quire adept with them by che time
they reach adulthood

It is also common practice either to use the Mind
Sphere to enhance the creature's intelligence, or to have a
Geneginecr enhance its porencial intelligence by selective
gene exchange and manipular ho. Example: the otherwise
normal cat who has adapred ro the use of the nongue might
enjoy catching mice from 15 feer away, while a more
invelligenc car might try te grab the gun.away fram a person
assaulting hia master (fora can of tuna fish later, of course).

All of these effects are temporary unless the Sphere of
Prime is used in conjunction with the effect (this restric-
tion also applies to the effects below).

eeee Gratt Alien Bio-Matteer With Humans

The FACADE Engineer can now exchange human or
animal parts ina manreer similar to that exercised ar Rank
Three. More obvious alterations include: adding a human
torso tothe lowersections of an animal: replacinga human's
hands with paws or talons; or giving a human a monkey's
tail. Exchanges between human bodies are also possible: for
example, adding extra sets of arms co a human of cransfer-
ring a brain from one body to another

An example of an elegant transfer within the con-
aorains of a short pened of time is the removal of the brain
ola human enhorcer agent (recdhucing its size slightly in the
process) and the subsequent transteral of the brain into the
body of a Hermetic mage's pet Great Dane. The resulting
spy dog would have all the knowledge and logic of the
agent, with the form of the dog. He might not be able to
talk, but he could probably thump his tail in Morse Code,

lt bears noting that Paradox cakes a heavy toll on such
creations. The alorementioned Great Dane might live a
week per success before the alien organ was rejected. Such
alien graftings survive best in Horizon Realms, where
realicy can be tailored tothe Progenitors' per theories, Ever
Technomancers are bound by the static reality they have
creamed.

seeee (lone

The FACADE Engineer can replicate an animal or
human agent, given a sample of tissue from the individual,
Unfortunately in the case of replacement agent clones, and
fortunately in the case of replacement bodies tor Progeni-
tors, this cloning does mot include any injuries, scar oF
body alterations not made at the genetic level. [f the
generic code of the sample is alrered prior to cloning by a
Genegineer, the altered DNA will determine the form.

AL Progenitor, for ecample, is infected with an incur:
able disease and cies. His cell samples, taken when he was
a Student, are then used to recreate his body withour any
trace of the disease of the damage it had inflicted.

Chapter Three 41

ria =


Sm

1 wih ca

Tec TiTLCH Tec y Progenitors

if "lon Ps, umlike the EISSLiG Frais ha Cc, AFe ol sub pee I
to Paradox if the clone is properly prepared, and may live

indefinitely, though they will age

FACADE Engineer Mind

Effects

* Empower Self

The Empower Self effece listed in the Mage rulebook
Buded often by Progenitors in emergency sineations, allow-
ing them to increase their mnemonic/calculation tac iliries
and to formulate mew theories on the spor. Such theories
need not be too sound and may be disproved later when the
danger has passed ("By my mew calculations, that should
not have worked..."").

#¢ Scan Memories

This allows the Progenitor toscan che memory Pactern
of a target, discern any breaks or damage to the template,
and use it.as a blueprint to transfer chose memories to
another brain

#e Transfer Memories

Tire Progenitor can tranafer the collective menvories
from one individual to the blank slate of a clome's mind.

#ee8 Manipulate Memories

This effect facilitares replacemence of an individual
with a Progenitor spy clone. lr blocks selected memories
for example, being assassinated in a dark alley or being
dragged from che wreckage of a car crash and killed. This
effect also enables che Progenisor to program the clone for
loyalry. These manipulations sometimes damage the
memory Parenn, caving boss or gain of personality quirks
ard frabies.

eeees Move to Clone

The Progeniter with thie ability can transfer his own
mind inte an already prepared clone body from anywhere
on the planet without the aid of underlings, assuming thar

he has some bynical scientific theore to acc: amiplish: it

Genegineer Life Effects
* Gene Scan
This effect lets che Progenitor read the generic code of
an individual. She can tind damage wrought by disease, age

or another Progeninor denect artificial alrerarions of the

in the penenc code. The addities can be identified only if
the mage has previously scanned someone with a similar
cdcliry.

Example: Eileen,an BA of Developmental Neogenetics
Amalgamated, smeaks a scan ot the lycanthrope DNA has
managed To CAP CLIEE and US Ce Pia Fi] result ake hia ce
cle aii ‘f wh if 4 rari A toe i code F s ik 4 lik c lata aril Mie
af her Students are later confronced by a group of street
punks. Eileen performs a Gene Sean while her favorite

Student tries to pacify the gang, and realizes chat this


———_S— ooo

"gang" isa pack of werewolves. Completely unprepared for
thissituation (i.e., oo high-caliber weapons), Eileen's party
seeks a peaceful resolution to the conflict.

** Alter Small Sequence

The Genegineer can change a single molecule in a
specific gene. This can affect a single cell, as in the case of
altering a baby at comception, of the entire body of a normal
adult organism. The difficulty of the effect rises substan-

tially with the quanriry of cells needing change. The
desired effect can range from correcting a single gere error
in a fetus (difficulry 6) to causing cancer (difficulry &) to
creating a nearly instance illmess (cifficuley 10)

#e8 Delete/Insert/Alter Gene

By genetically enhancing the Patter of herown bady,
the Progenitor can significantly improve her own form.
Each success allows her to increase a Physical, Mental oF
Appearance Accribure by one (even above 5). The effect
lasts for a number of hours equal to the number of successes.
This cannor be a permanent effece unless the Sphere of
Prime is used in CCM) WPCC with the ug tentathan.

Similar to the "Better Body" effece, the Progeninor will
auffer the loss of ome Health Level if she atcempts to
maintain the new Pattern beyond the predetermined time.
She will continue to lose one Health Level each day shee
maintains the form. Stressing the alnered form after the
expiration of the time limit can lead to further damage.
This damage can only be healed by bed rest and normal
médical attention.

As a short-term effect, a sample of DNA from a
regenerative organism can be temporarily integrated into
the DMA of a wounded person; this effect requires ome
success. Such a procedure enhances the restorative process,
healing owe Health Level in one corn. If the DNA is
integrated inte all the cells in the body (four seccesses), the
body will regenerate one Health Lewel every three corns.
(Another reason that the Genegineers are interesned im
finding more werewolves is to analyze and use their regen-
erative properties. }

#¢¢¢ Genetic Pattern Matching

The Genegineer can add entire sections of preexisting
genetic code to another species. Example: Adding to a
human woman's DNA the sequences thar permit a certain
type of amphibian to reproduce asexually (parthenogen-
esis). This would allow che woman to give birth to a child
that would be am exact genetic duplicate of herself
basically a natural cloning process.

Aside from the mad scientist aspects, this effect alsa
permits a Progenitor co adapt someone toa hostile environ-
ment. An agent doing undercover work in a cold climate
might bes altered to ero fur alll MEF his lacy, CP Secs
working underwater might have seal, dolphin or whale
DNA added to his own, allowing him to dive for longer
periods, resist cold water and Lobore the crushing Pressures

of the depths.

This effece also allows the completion of fragmentary
sequences using current DNA for templates, or the juxta-
posing of fragments with other fragments of the same
epecies. Thus, an extinct species' DNA could be recreated
and the samples used to grow specimens in a clone tank (a
la Jienassic Park).

eeeee Genetic Mastery

The Genegineer can now completely rearrange ge-
hetie sequences to produce a crastically different organism.
This alteration does not require any template, merely the
Progenitor's imagination. A botch produces a screaming
sac, of protoplasmic protein, while five successes create a
completely functional new creature. This is almost always
a vulgar effect unless the Genegineer takes a long time to
research and implement a theory

Pharmacopeist Life Effects

* Life Sense

The Pharmacopeist can identify and scan Life Pat-
tems. By reading the Parte, a mage can determine what
kirds of drugs, Psa of chemicals are Present on am
ORAS Ss sysbeq.

The Phanmacopeists' extensive knowledge of bio-
chemistry allows them to determine the age, sex, race and
species of the target and gain hints of the person's emo-
tional state. A Pharmacopeist can, for example, ascertain:
if a person is scared of lying by reading the level af
renaline present; if a person is in pain by scanning for
large amounts of endorphins in the system; if a female of
any species is fertile or pregnant by reading her hormone
levels. A Phanmacopeist can also discern the genetic signa-
ture of the Progenitors, which reveals if the organism
occured naturally or was in some way modified by another
Progenitor.

** Simple Biochemical Manipulation

This allows the Pharmacopeist to manipulate a
substamce's effects on a given Life Pattern. Whenever a
drug is taken it cemporarily changes the Partern of the user.
The Pharmacopeist has the abilicy to see the variations in
the Parterns of the new Patrerns the chemicals form in the
organism. He can thenseretch and reweave the Life Pattern
to produce or enhance the desired effects.

At this stage a Pharmacopeist is capable of conrrolling
the effects of chemicals on the body, though this may
require Correspondence magick to accomplish over a cis-
tance. The uses of this effect are manifold. A person could
be made exoremely intoxicated with only asmall amount of
alcohal. The speed with which medication takes effect can
be increased of decreased. The short- or long-term side
effects of dregs and poisons can be newtralized. It's also
powible to induce violent allergic reactions — horrible
attacks of sneezing or itching, swelling of the eves and
throar, hives, or even death. Any poison can be made
almost instantly fatal as well.

Chapter Three 435

= ale a oy es


*** Biochemical Regulation

The Progenitor can directly affect the biochemistry
and metabolism of the body. Cm the positive side, he can:
apeed the healing process; enhance someone's strength,
endurance, dexterity or speed; reftesh someone who is
exhausted; and increase the time a person can hold her
breath. in the negative side, he can: deoxygenate the
blood; inhibit blood clotting; induce an inflammatory
reaction in a body part; or destroy cells via general disrup-
COT.

eeee Physiological Rule

This effect has. a more defined effect on specific meta-
bolic processes or body parts, permiccing the Progenitor to
focus on a specific effect. She can dearroy cella in a certain
area of of a certain type (like destroying an entire muscle or
annihilaning a cancerous tumor, mostly by enhancing and
releasing specific enzymes in the cells), alter cell perme-
abilicy (resulting in instant dehydration of a sudden influx
of wacer inte all cells), of increase the quantity of a certain
metabolic pl oduece (causing mcd Pwr, insu lire shock, or
death by increasing the amount of acid in the blood).

This mastery of the metabolism also extends oo the
Progenitor, thereby rendering her complerely immune to
the effects of normal drugs and poisons if she so chesines.

seeee Metabolic Mastery

The Fharmacopeist can create the effect of any drug,
poison or metabolic product without the subsrance acnually
being present in the body, This is accomplished by directly
affecting and contrelling the receptors iniriacing of halring
the chemical reactions for the response. This usually re-
quires coincidental magick ("Oops, you forget abour these
six beers you had an hour age!") and possibly Correspon-
dence as welll.

Also, it is child's play to produce refined, purified and
reconfigured biochemicals, thus creating super-enhanced
substances. These chemicals would have extreme effects.
For example, enhancing an enzyme called trypsin to new
heights of effectivences would create something that would
basically eat holes in anything made of prosein. — for
example, a living body,

Spells

Enhance Deugs (** Life ** Matter * Prime)

This is cast on large quantities of a given drug thar the
Pharmacopents wish to enhance in some way. This works
om typocal street drugs and "chrugs for the Masses." Some
examples of these cirugs and their enhanced effects are
given in the Pharnacopeia section.

Create Mage Drugs (** Life ***° Matter ***
Prime)

The chemicals needed to make the drugsare assembled
ina flask and five points of liquid Quintessence are poured
over them as this spell is cast. This imbues the chemical
with raw Quintessence usable by anyone who consumes the

44° Technocracy: Progenitors

drug. Examples of mage drugs are given in the Pharmacopeia
SECTROM.

Create Primessence Drug (*** Life *** Prime)

Simple saline fluid is used as a medium to transter a set
Life Pattern inte a living body. When injected, the flusd
carrying the Partern causes the patient's body to begin
producing large quantities of (Quintessence. This eHect
lasts for up to six hours and is very uncomfortable. The
patient is usually very queasy and dizzy, complains of
headaches or body aches, and cannot sleep well

Parents' beoclies becorve saturated with raw Energy:
Their blood, urine, tears and hair are often collected
(repeated!) for "tests" of "study." and The physical matter
B then broken down into a liquid form of Tass by a
complicated series of centrifuge-like machines. The col-
lected Quintessence is stored for later use in special vials
and freezers.

[mn extreme cases where large quantities of raw (Quin-
tessence are needed, whole limbs have been cemoved anil
used (the limb "goes bad" quickly, however, and must be
used right away). The effects of this spell on mages are
slightly different; mages begin sweating Quintessence, leak.
ing itoutal every pore of their bodies. To anyone watching
them, they seem to be bleeding a glowing golden liquid
from their badies, especially their eyes and mouths. The
affected Tikge Can Use this (uintessence just as any other,
but a Willpower roll (difficulty 6) must be made to perform
any action whatsoever.

Generally, three points of Quintessence can be pulled
from a Sleeper who is under the influence of Primessence,
and only one of two from moat animals. Five poines can be
gathered from a human body if the entire body (or most of
it) is wed, of three of four from an animal. This, of course,
kills the "donor." A mage produces twice her Avatar rating
in Quintessence.

Control Nerves (*** Lite *** Forces)

This spell controls the flow of electricity through the
nervous system. A repeating loop can be created to case a
movement over anc over, to halt all pain reception, or to
make the victim feel constant pain. The first increases by
two the difficulties of all physical actions. The second
allows the recipient to ignore all wound penalties. The
third causes the victim to suffer three Health Levels char
cannot and donot have to be healed. A personcan be killed
by this effect if he botches a Stamina roll when reduced
below Incapaciraned.

Simulate Inborn Errors of Metabolism (# #8 Life
seee Entropy)

This allows a Genegineer to create a temporary bur
severe form of a simple Gere tic disease Lone cannot siriu-
late Down's Syndrome with this spell}. The duration of
these spells is ome hour foreach success scored. Coinciden-
tal magick is almost impossible with these spells, but they
are quite effective. Examples include:


a, " - +. - hd nH, . — a= L = & -
eg el a ge = he ge FL a ee ne Sa at oe be Sil ee a

Imitation Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome: the victim of
this version of the spell has his Intelligence reduced te 1,
very limited muscular control, and compulsively mutilates
himselfby chewing on his digits and lips, self-inflicting one
Health level per five turns of such abuse.

Albinism: the vicein immediately loses all pigmene a

tld

in his skin, hair and eyes. His hair turna white, has eves turn
sensitive to wleraviolet light (sunlight). Being in the sun i

4 Lon i oll

LATTES One Hea Ci evel peer Cum A eT the dur IDI Ghai

ended, pigment slowly returns to the skin and eyes, but any firs
hard-won suntan is gone, and che hair remains white until x

ry

the natural color grows out 7

. a

Vitamin Deficiencies: the victim becomes weak

ancl ill, amd sores break out all aver hos bexly. He loses thiree y

' . . L.,
Health Levels and is unable to comcentrate or summon the

BNETEY TO CASt Mee k. ca
I i !

— Hemophilia: tre victim bleeds uncontrollably witer a

a utile Peg hi WISIN OOUPTs} Amc] li cS OTE dd tional mi,
Health Level in blood every two turns. Even
Pharmacopeise, conerolling the clorcing of the blood, can- :

net stop the bleeding, for there are no clocting factors in the
bhasd to manipulate. Only by nmeganing the spell and speed-

ing the prockuction of the appropriate proteins can the

bleeding be stopped by anything short of an entirely me-

chanical approach (tourniquet, pressure, scinching) of

placing the Life Partern in stasis.

Color Blindness: the victim sees only in shades of -

Pray as ill Che FE Picts in the (Ci lor rece pcos ta bhi . Pres Ae 7
destroved. This effect will last abour a week after the spell e
wears off, when the body will have replaced enough of the isp
Conmective Tissue Errors: the victim takes four a

Health | c vels ot j IT a SUA attained Ith CaStine, oe Fa
aL

his SOT OVe Tle annophie aimed bis holy liter lly | alls

rere s CX PRI (orils the POWs, h ocd imc H hear CH

shape Less PT IOopaSn ‘CTU | his spel] ha tal lifficulty ¢ i iF
10) and 6 excee linely vi lear 7
Nanotech Life Support (***e8 Mater *** Forces pi
eee Mind ** Prime see Life] gq
A | ie ETT ot t ic Pri a WLtOfSs Ale Loerethon 5 has 4
produced a means of virtual imevortality by using nanotech 4,
machines. These tiny machines are produced and mentally PP
attuned tothe intended recipient, then inmroduced inno the =
heady. The machines scavenge poisons, drugs and diseases Bi
out of the system, destroy abnormal cells, remove the bE:
efectsot aging, and rapidly regenerate damaged body parts. a,
Leremse Tras, MaAeSsive | ae ot blics <l. emhak iat bon oe
and complete berdily desert Cie Aan still kill the hice. os
I, Itherw et, how CTE, the hi SC 16 Wate enduring imei there -
fore harder ri d TAS OF kill. The machines can tempor inily ri
Pe Pae ed IITA ed TPaMS = wh ag ches Ves, eardr Ins, heart oF 7H
liver i,
ae a
; : Fis
Chapter Three 45 ;

Fi
F
i

-_
| |

"4

a
P,

i
nt
i
1
yy
rr
ib
rs
1
BL
La
ol
v
ay
£ J
|
i,

i
"in
|
-

a

—

q = i - re a= hart a

|


= ee Sis ee ae

The recipient permanently gains a 5 Stamina and
regenerates one Health level every pwo tums. He io im-
Tune to normal poisons, diseases and drugs, and does not
age. The machines can be destroyed by someone with five
ranks in Entropy and at least three ranks in Matter. These
devices take considerable time to procuce and insert; such
an "effect" cannot be produced on demand.

Quintessence Net(** Life ** Matter ®**** Prime)

Many hospitals have a Quintessence Net nunning
through a numberof their patients, especially those trapped

= i le

in come of in intensive care. At least one of the "life-
support" machines, "TV™ bags or "feeding tubes" is in truth
the physical focus for the Quintessence Net. The Net is
designed tachannel aportion of the patients Quintessence
inte the physical storage device. When the (Quintessence is
removed from the body, it tukes the form of a thick, viscous
liquid that can then be stored of shipped to Progenitors in
the area.

Pharmacopeia

Noe: Proweninors can freely use any of the
drugs created by the Pharmacopeists without
the fear of any side effects, for the
| Pharmacopesst have secretly perfected the
drugs and deliberately distribute the flawed

vaitieties to nom-Progenitor users.
Street Drugs

Cocaine, Uppers,

Amphetamines

Administration: Oral, Inhaled, Ingestec

Effects: Normal doses of the Phanmacopeist versions
of these drugs temporanily boost a character's speed and
alertness. Initiative difficulry is considered $ while under
the effects of these dregs, and che difficulties of all Pereep-
tion-based rolls are decreased by one; this retleces the
paranoia the drugs induce. Intelligence and Charisma
difficulties, however, are increased by two, reflecting the

character's unstable thoughes and behavior.

Extremely potent or extremely high doses of these
drugs also bestow two additional Health Levels on the
Health Level Chart; these additional Health Levels are
considered "CHK" for the purpose of assigning wound pen-
alties. This effect allows Progenitor agents co withstand
tremendous punishment and not even feel it. Such aug-
mentation is very dangerous; an "incapacitated" resule at
this point immediately kills the drug user, as he reaches the
limic of his boosted reserves,

Overdoses: A character on these drugs loses a certain
amount of tactile sensation. He may not notice a minor
(one-Health Level) wound until someone point irour. He
may not think that the wound is as bad as it really is because
it doesn't hurt. as much as itshould. The Storyteller may op
ro have a character take extra damage for ignoring a
bleeding wound or walkingona broken leg. The Storyteller
may also decide not to tell a character how much damage
a particular wound inflicted,

46 Technocracy: Progenitors

Li i] Te oe aL oi a 2 cat =Fee 4 re 2 aa Tr. i* tig ot re. 4" a "2 at =e : i a oe Li = 4* ie i Li TF

[fF teo much of the drug is taken, shivering and uneon-
trllable shaking may result. The side effects of higher of
more potent doses are evident once the drug wears off. The
two ilhusory Health Levels vanish when the user comes
down off the drug-induced high, and if accumulated wounds
reduce the character below the level of Incapacitated at
thar point, he clies.

Mallucinogens

Administration: Oral, Dropped into eves, Injected,
any way thac it could enter the blow

Effects: Enhanced versions of these drugs actually
expand the mental awareness of the user, allowing even che
Masses to perceive the Umbra. In areas where the Gauneler
is relatively weak, Sleepers can actually peer into the Near
Umbra and view the apirie world. The drugged Sleepers
have a warped view of realiry and the way it hunctions, and
any sorange things seen will be believed to be side effects of
the drug, not realiry-threatening acts. Sleepers will chalk it
up toa "really wild trip."

Technomancers or mages who use the drug in the
Limbea are able co see into other neighboring planes before
actually passing into chem (Perception + Awaremesa; dilti-
culcy 7)

Side Effects: A Stamina roll (difficulry 5) is required
when the de Lae is first taken by a Mia; if the roll hotches,
she will experience vivid hallucinariona that could range
from being attacked by horrible monsters (which, of course,
are actally associatesfriends/innocent people/nearby walls)
to everything melting inte puddles of jelly. These visions
need not occur might away. They often manifest during
highly emotional of stressful times, like in the middle of a
fight. A hallucinating mage may mot always think twice
about magick, either. Have the player make a check to see
if the character remembers not to use vulgar magick.

The drugs are also known to disrupt sleep, and a user
can be distraceed by the most civial and insignificant
things. To the user these things are of the unmost impesr-
tance —*Have you ever really looked at your hands before!


Aren't they the neatest things' The way they kind of bend
amd omowe..

| Mage Drugs

Cognition

Administration: Inhaled
1 Effects: This substance is stored in small, breakable
' vials, When someone wishes to use the drug, the vial is

broken and the vapors are inhaled. The user must then
make a Stamina roll (difficulty 6). No successes increases
by one the difficulty of magick use. One (Quinnessence
point i cemporarily drained for each borch. Successful use
of Cognition decreases by one the difficulty of magick use
without the expenditure of a Quintessence poine. This is a

| result of the drug's ability to sharpen and focus che mind.
The effects last for ore boar.

Side effects: These vapors.are very addictive. A Will-
power roll (difficulty 7) must be made after each use. If the
| roll fails, che mage begins to crave more of the drug. Each

day an addice goes withour a dose of Cognition increases by
i ome the ditticulry of magick use (to a maximum of 10, ar

which point the mage experiences a day of violent with-
| drawal symptoms and is mo longer addicted).

Overdose: Inhalation of pwo or more vials of Cogmi-
tion In one day increases the difficulny of the addiction ralls
by one for each vial inhaled.

]
| Smart Drugs
Administration: (ral, [ntrivencus
Effects: These drugs temporarily add one to a single
Mental Actribure while simultaneously lowering by one
the difficulties of Abilities relaned to the Actribute. A

different form of the drug enhances each separare Mencal
} Acthbure. Smart cirugs go by various names on the scree,

but the Progenitors lump them under a single caregory. The
]

effect of one cose Lasts for (10 - Stamina} hours.

Some Virtual Adepts beliewe that smart drugs were
developed by the Pharmacopeists, while others see "smart
drugs" a5 a godsend. The Pharmacopeists know the truth.

Side Effects: When the cinag i adminitered, the wet
must make a Stamina roll (difficulty 6). Only if at least one
success is pained does the drug take effect. A botched roll
results in the temporary loss of one point of the applicable
; Attribute.

The long-term effece of extended use resules in the
aifected neurons "burning out." Ader (Seaminax 2) uses,
the user must make a Stamina roll (dittpculey 10) of perma-
nently lose one point of the appropriace Accribute. le takes
twice the amcaunt ot EX PEMENCe fos Peshore the Aceribure to
its previous level.

Drugs for the Masses

Steroids

Administration: Oral, [ntravencus

Effects: Pharmacopeist-enhanced steroids allow a
character to increase Physical Accribunes at half the normal
development cost. Many Progeninors feed these drugs to
their hired muscle to enhance their usefulness.

Side Effects: Thisdrug hasonly long-term effects. The
enhanced steroids cause steriliry (this is part of the Progeni-
tor plor to cleanse the gene pool and concral the population)
and can also cause severe cramping (Stamina roll; difficulry
4) every time the character overexerts himseld; this larrer
effect lasts for a month after the new Attribute score has
been gairved.

Only one Physical Attribute can be raised at a time,
and the user cust wait at least one game month between
Actribure gains, Steroids can also thin the blood, causing
clotting to take longer. Even the bite of a vampire takes
longer to seal. The vampire must continue to lick the bite
and will drain ome more Blood Point chan insended

Overdese: Uncontrollable muscle spasms, difficulties
of all fears increased) by three for 24 hoars.

Nicotine' Caffeine' Alcohol

Some brands of these drugs have been enhanced by the
Progenitors to pollute the bodies of the Masses and slowly
destroy their Avatars. The Convention controls various
companies, using them to produce and distribure these
polluted drugs among the Sleepers "for theirown good." All
varieties are very addictive and dull the mind over time,
preventing the affected) Masses from having the imagina-
tion to beliewe in anything beyond the Technomancers'
vision of realiny.

Birth Control/Pregnancy Drugs
Reputedly created by a mage faction te contre! human
overpopulation, birth control and pregnancy drugs have a
checkered history. Opinions differ; some believe thar the
Cult of Ecstasy created potent contraceptives to allow
Sleepers preater access to their sexuality, while others
claim that the Progenitors contral such drugs, using them
to control the Masses. Scill other stories credit the Sleepers
with creating these drugs on their own, as they have so
many times before
le is beliewed thar the Progenitors also we these com-
pounds to detect and destroy nonhumans born into the
human population. This would include, in theory,
lyeanthrope Kinfolk, people with faerie blood, ane de-
monic offspring, should any such exist.

Ee: a=
a

a 7 ae =

_


"
Devices:
Technomancer
J T

Talismans

* Alley Shades

A (Life ©, Cormespondence *) effect allows the wearer
to denect any lifeforme in the area and know their appresi
mate location and movements. A favorite of street
Phanmacopeists.

eee Helix Ring

This is a silver ring with a DONA double helix design
around the inside. An item of the Genegineers, this inem
stores genetic Patterns at Life 1, temporarily causes illness
via a random genetic alteration at Life 2, and can heal one
Health Level for the Progenitor wearing it ar Life 4.

eee Link Collar

This device allows the wearer to maintain a mental
link with "pets" wearing a transceiver collaror car tag. The
Progenitor may see through the animals' eves, project
ment il iM ets to them and SORr thei me CHO. Frequently
used for bodyguard creatures and those in the service of
Damage Control

eee Scalpel of Correspondence

The scalpel appears to be of a very old design, with a
very solid stainless steel handle and a blade char never
needs replacing. When the scalpel (which can cur through
bone} is used tosevera body part, the part is co-located with

a a 2 be as Ae a oi = ee oh inde ma oh a i - e

flow and sensation. This continues uncil the part is firmly
attached to its new Location. This item uses Correspon-
dence at 3,

eee8 Syringe Pharmacopeia

Transmutes water or nonpoisonous liquids that are
stored im the VTE TO PARTS cor sedative dings lenoring
the effects of these magically enhanced drugs requires a
Stamina nell (difficuley 9). Uses Marter ar 4.

eeee 0.4.0 (Quintessence Absorbing Device)

These machines resemble che respiration or EKO
monitors typically towind in heapitals. When the 2.A.D is
hooked wp to a living beady (mor necessarily a hurnan), the
machine slowly siphons Quintessence from the patient.
This device is generally wed in conjunction with the
Pharmacopeist drug Primessence, though Primessence is
mot necessary tor this machine tee furecticss.

The (Quintessence is drained into a hidden receptacle
of vat and stored for later use. When hooked to a Sleeper,
the O.A.D siphons three Quintessence point per week.
Each week that a mage is hooked up to the A.D, he loses
one point from his Avatar while the Progenitors gather five
points of (Quinnessence

Use of the Primessence drug allows the (Quintessence
to be drained at a much higher rate. The machine uses
Prime 4, Lite 3, Matter 2 and Correspondence 3 (this lase
Sphere is used to transport the liquid (Quintessence to the

orage vat).

: Battle Roster

ft és aluarys throwgh not meddling that the empire is won
Showdd youmeddie, then you.ore nor equel.to che task of winning
the empire

— Laa Tzu, Tao Te Ching, Book Two (Verse XLVIID)

This section details a range of Progenitor
characters, some homemade creatures, ani a
| \\ few beasts from Damage Conerol.

Progenitor
Characters
Student

These young Progenitors have low levels of ability in
the Life, Prime and Marter Spheres (Ranks One and Two},

(Character Creation: Acoibures 7/9/9, Albjlinies 10/69,
Backgrounds 2, Willpower 4, Spheres 3, Arete 1-2.

48 Technoctacy: Progenitors

Research Associate
The B.As are seeking three things: their own laborare
ries, stars and more power. Chey have achieved moderate
power in their chosen Spheres.
Charcter Creation: Attributes 7/5/43, Abilities 14/5/5,
Backgrounds 5, ¥illpower 5, Spheres 6, Areve 1-3.

Primary Investigator

These Progenitors have accumulared personal power
(at beast Rank Pour in.one Sphere), their own laboratories,
and, if they scill have funding, a good relarionship with the
Research Directors, review boards and Administration. Pls
employ underlings to work on new theories, which theycan
then apply to their magick,

(Character Creation: Attributes 8/63, Abilities 19/105,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 8, Spheres 8-15, Arete 4-6,


a eg he ee

Se ea:

PR esearch Director

4n RE? has a broad vision of the reality of the Tech-

nocracy. which she applies to the laboratery group under
The individual laboratories rarely understand
the rationale behind any particular assignment, bur usu-
ally the darm are red (foOtn A Felic group fit together hike an
intricate jigsaw puzzle

(Chearacter Creation: Attributes 96/4, Abilities 22/106,
Backgrounds 10, Willpower 10, Spheres 15+, Arete 6+
Non-Awakened
Support Staff
(Consors and Acolytes)

The support staff of the Progenitors varies from Meth.
odology to Methodology, bur generally subdivides into

Technician
These are scientists who have no magickal ability,
[hey

maintain the smooch flow of products in and out of the

intel PeErlonnirke men al tasks It a laboratory.

laboratory ard scockroom, and perform "normal" research
for the sake of non-Progenitors. Some knew whom and
what they serve, but many do mor.

(Character Creation: Actribures 7/55, Abilines 13/95,
Backeoroumds 5, Willpower 5.
Suggested Acoibures: Assume ratings of 2, except tor

Intelligence, which is generally at least 3.

Sugeested Abilities: Alertess 3, Research 4, Technel-
ogy 2, Computer 1, Medicine 1, Science (usually specified
4 either Biochemistry, Genetics or Anaromy, depending
in the field of expertise) 3.

Equipment: usually carry at least ome weapon at all

CINes.

Street Operative

These are the dealers, distributors, pimps, prosrinutes
and gang members who work for Pharmacopeist street lakes
Few have any ideas about che tree nature of their employ-
ers. Most of the bruisers are on steroids, with reduced side
efects.

Character Creation: Attabutes 7/53, Abilities 13/9/5,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 4

Supeested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2 save for
Physical Attributes, which can range from 3 to 93 depending
on the type of operative.

Suggested Abilities: Alertress 3, Brawl 3, Streetwise 5,
Firearms 3, Melee 3, Stealth 1

Equipment: Firearms of all types, knives, machetes,
hits of Pharmacopeist-enhanced cocaine and amphet
WTTLIeS, brass kre kles, hi ie bal] beats KS b jackie k 5

The Recruiter

These nan: Awakered agents tor the Progenitors krwow
tive, charismatic and manipulative, able to root out the
Tees OTT Sg students and wheedle them int
Progenitor prograc.

(Character Creation: Attr butes 7/5

4, Backgrounds 7, Willpower 5.

2 esearch Director

Chapter Three 944


a ee ee aS ee ae ae ee ee a ee ee ee a ee

t or

a

oq

; i T ii '

f Pander escaped trom his old mistress and remarkably

rr i... : = j I

ai qurvived both organ rejecnion and Pansdox. The unsuspect-
LS ing new tenants of Pander's home have ne TRO CHAT LARLY
il dena, colorful objects tliat the cat could moe Tori ills
ig al , =

reach have vanished or been fownd on che floor

Technician

Supeested Actcributes: Assume ratings of 2 save fos
Social Acciburces, which are at least 3,

Supgeested Abilities: Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Intuition 2
Subrertuge 4, Etiquette 2, Stealth 2, Culture 2, Qocult 1,
science 2

Equipment: Briefcase, cellular phone, supplies of busa-
ness cards, college propaganda, sky-pager, maps, expensive
sean.

Replacement Clones
These have exactly the same stars as the onprcal
templares. (Certain personality quirks may appear or disap
Pear. They carry the equipment they ATE expected tie Carry.
Iteration A replacement clones will have cybernetic en

Examples of
lomegrown Nasties

Many Progenioors, particularly FACADE Engineers,
Create hybrid "sidekicks" hear SECUMCY, COMM Punks mshipy Pa
simple Wh him. The (Convention t kes i dim wiew ot akyi
ously unnatural creatures on the loose, so these "homeprown

beasties" usually appear totally innocuous urveil it's tex Late.

"Pander"

re

‘ander is @ alee kK, black housecar with fut Of fiecdwe6n

length. He appears to be completely normal. However,
when he was a kirten, a FACADE Engineer Soudent used
him in ome of her first experiments with grafting. Through
the alteration, he was given the tongue of a frog, adapted for

the size of its new bicealt
Lex bri racy Progenitors

io ee re: 7 /_=-

Pander' tongue cam reach a maxinwm length of 15
ihe

eet. It covensd with a sticky resin on the tip, al

no adhere to small objects such a5 mice, birds and dice. The

tongue has an effective Dexteriry of 4 and Strength of 2
Pander is a litth more inineLligervt than the average cat, and
has been known no snatch objects sech as guns, knives ot
kevs from people's hanes.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Per-
ception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alerenmess 3, Achlerics 2, Brawl 1, Deke 3

Artacks: (Claws/1 die

special Ability: Tongue: Dexterity 4, Strength 2

"Emmanuel"

Emmanuel isa tiny Chihuahua of the "hairless" kind.
He trembles

dislikes ar

with cecvous energy all the time, and heartily
yore but his current master

Erimarvasel's master cratted same characteristics of the
vampite bat onto his belowed per. Exomanwel now has a set
a | brat Wipes ilbcrw Ime him to fl W AE spreads app cil hing Fi ‘a
mph. Extendible fangs within his mouth let him lock his
nto a mos as Well as a Rottweiler can

ays Gr pet

Because of Paradox, Emmanuel has been through succes-
dive clone bodies, and never leaves his master's house

r
Mil

ibutes: Serengeh 1, Dexteriry 3, Scamina 2, Pet:

ception 3, lntelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Ales rniess 3, Arawl A Athletics l, Diode 1
Actacka: Bite!} dice

pet I | if

WiC: Flight {eee above)
Willpower: 3

-2, 5, Incapacitated

"Lady

Rotrweiler. From the time Lady was a puppy, she was dosed

normal-looking, bur large, black-and-tan

on Pharmacopeist sneroids to enhance ber Physical At-
variety and

harmful side effects,

tributes. These steroids were of the "pure"

thereki TE d dd NOC Cause an}
Attributes: Strength 6, Dexcericy 4, Stamina 5, Per-
ception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Abilities: Brawl 4, Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Dodge 3,
Smell 3
Attacks: Bite/7? dice
Willpower: 5

tated

-4, 4, [neapaci


= 1 milk me L a oe Bee ad Ps = Ao 45 = MSs Bi Fy Le = =o = hy mt

et
Damage Control

Monsters

Hiddled in the cellar

Fear caughe in their eves

Dering not to move or breathe

Aa the creature cries

Fingernails seat scranching

Ch the cuetsidie wall

Clawing ar che windows
"Com to mc," et cals. .

Judas Priest, "Nightcrawler™

Cephalopoid

This creature is the combination of a cephalopod (a
squid, octopus of nautilus) with parts of a human head and
brain. From the upper side, it looks like a relatively noomal
aquid of octopus, bur chose who view the creature from the
underside can see a human face in the center of the array ot
tentacles. The eyes have been altered for underwater use
(adclitionally, the normal cephalopod eyes have been left
intact on the side of the manele), amd the creature's beak
replaces the human mouth. The cephalopoid has human
intelligence and is used a3 a scour or guard on marine
missions. [t cannest speak, bur can use its tentacles to write
if it knows how.

The average cephalopod is created fram a large octo-
pus or Humboldt Current squid, resulting in a creature
about 10 feet long. However, giant squids have also been
used for this alterarion, resulting in creatures as bong aa 60
leet.

(Or possibly larger; several asphyxiated sperm whales
have recently been discovered on the surface. Strips of flesh
and blubber have been torn from their badies, and the
wounds bear the characteristic sucker marks of giant squids.
Che whales were obviously deliberately held underwater,
indicaring the work of Progenitor cephalapaids. The scars
on these whales, however, far exceed the giant squid's
normal four-inch marks, instead reaching 18 inches in
diameter; this implies the existence of a species of
cephalopoid growing as large as 225 feet in length!)

Attributes: Strength 4-12 (+), Dexteriry 3, Stamina 2-
8 (+), Perception 3, [ntelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Intimidation 4, Melee
|, Stealth 3 (plus any bonus from cromatophores; see
below), Survival 3, Linguistics | (allowing them to read or
write), Demealiticna 2 (some of these creatures are crained
in setting explosives on marine structures}

Attacks: Tentaches/Ser dice from crushing; Beak/3
dice (or more in the case of giant squids).

Special Abilities: Several, including:

Jet propulsion — che siphon on the cephalopeid's
mantle allows it bo pet through che water at speeds of up to
40 mph.

Cromatophores (CCephalopeid flesh conralna
cromatophores — specialized cells giving it chamveleanlike
powers of camouflage. Unless the cromatophores have
been magically neutralized, assume the creature has three
addinional dice in its Secalth Dice Pool. Alternately, the
creature can assume "artack coloration" — flaming crim-
som. This display adds an additional die co its Intimidation
[hice Pool.

Slow regeneration —
the limbs will regrow at the rate of one per week (the
molluscoid regeneration process has been enhanced by

if a cephalepeicd lose tentacles,

Progernivar science),

Tentacles
without dividing its Dice Pool. Alvernately, che cephalopoid
may target a single creature with more chan one tentacle,
receiving an additional die to its attack Dice Pools foreach
extra tentacle employed. Once acreature has been grappled,
it is immobilized (no dodge roll versus the tenracles of
beak) until it breaks free (Contes: of Strength; the
cephalopoid receives an extra clie for each additional ten-
tacle employed). An octepus-cephalopoid has eighe
tentacles; asquid, 10; anautilus, innumerable. Octopi- aru
aquid-cephalopoids may attack with their rertacles with-
out exposing their bodies ta the
nautilus-cephalopoid's tentacles are short, however, amd
any attack exposes the boxy.

- the creasute may attic kk multiple foes

injury:

aauming the cephalopoid was created from
a sqauic or nautilus, its mystically srrengthened shell gives it

Avra

twoestra soak dice, unless t IP POPE MES SfHec ificall ¥ TANGee the
creature's vulnerable areas (artack difficulties are raised by
ome). Aun octopus-cephakopoid has no such shell, bur its
soft body enables it to squeeze through cracks aa marrow as
an inch wide,

Ink cloud — the cephalopoid can emit a blinding,
obscuring cloud of ink of a volume approximately equal to
that of the cephalopoid imself. This ink cloud has been
enhanced by Progenitor science, allowing it to block all
senses, including magbcal ores.

Willpower: 5

Health Levele OK, -1, -3, -5, Incapacicated (larger
creatures receive many more Health Levels). Alvernately,
two successes scored with a sharp weapon (and against
difficulty 8) allow one of the creature's tentacles to be
severed

Sauroids

These creatures were grown from the combined DNA
of humans and some of the most fierce and deadly reptiles
on the planet. The combination proved to be everything
for which the Genegineers had hoped, and more... Because
of cheir obviously "unnatural" nature, these creanures are
kepe in Horizon Realms or secret pens until needed.

Chapter Three 51


[rage: Sauroids appear oo be lange, vaguely huornamoid
creatures of a slick green of light brown color. They are
most likely to be found in small groups of three to eight
members. They have long, sleek bodies and can move and
WAT call like 1 SMe koe Their bodies afe é nvetect with sleek
cuales, spines and ridges along the spine and joints. These
creatures can slither chrough openings as small as one foot
in diameter. Cheir heads are lone and slender, their eves
ane and unblinking, and their toothy jaws capable of vast
expansion. [hese beasts have sharp, retracting fangs that
can reach lengths of up to 10 inches. The bite of a sawroid
injeces a lethal poison.

Attributes: Sorength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Per-
ception 4, Intelligence 2, Wires 2

Survival 3, Smell 4 (like a snake, they taste the air;
therefore, they can "see" heatand detect movernent around
them.)

Arcacks: Bite! dice, plus poison — one Health Level
per success, attecting the victim at a rate of one per Cun,
Limibess t he vicrlim tolls three Cr Ce Sec PSse5 Oi a SCAM
roll (ditticuley 4)

Seecial Abiliries: Saurcids are natural climbers and
capable of camouflage (use the "chromatophores" special
ability under Cephalopoids, above, but without the "attack
ccforation" ability)

Willpower: 3

Health Levels: CHR, OR, OK, -1 -1, -2, -2, <3, -5
lncapacitated

Dracosaurs

These rare creatures are quire difficule to create

Dracosiurs resemble dragons; they ate about the size of a
mecium horse at the shoulders and from 14 to 2

lenpth from snout to tail, Being Paradoxical in mature, they

are kepe in Horizon Realms save during the gravest emer-
Pericles

I DAES CRS UTES Ae Ie rei bly sonore ard de ily They
ir trained to function like bhoodhi aris; ormce cme has
bee ni fl iE RL Sere nne's SCE, only death will Shop it.
Dracesaurs are capable of reaching speeds of up to 80 mph,
but can only maintain this pace for about 15 seconds {three

turmna). Their "cruising speed" is abour 30 mph

! Image: Draccsaurs have multiple legs (from four to 10
- pairs) and multiple sets of eyes placed all around the head,
"s allowing for J&2? vision. Their heads are reinforced with
} i | aolid bore structures that act as bartering rams and allow
‘a \ | them to inflict massive damage hy ch IGT aril burkeing
a rs | La Of VHOTUIMNS. For EYEery (Wo Health L c vels al | d Ihilge
a \, sustained, the victim is stunmed atu and knocked back 10
a " heer, bh tne of these creatures. on ce chareed a hus at full ape el
a] s ind knocked che bus over on its side, sending it slicing a full
"9 FP : Ms lOfeer. The witnesses regrettably had co be verrinated for
Fi . the Comme Pood. |
: SStatre se the commen good.)
= ‘ae |

inocracy: Progenitors


Attributes: Serenath 8, Dexterity 3, Stamina 8, Per- (charge! 12 dice, but this uses the entire Dice Pool
ception 4 (specialized in scencs), Intelligence 2, Wits 3 Special Abilines: Speed bursts up to 80 mph, 340°
Albilicies: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Survival 3, Scent 4 vision; they can also follow scents with their keen senses
Attacks: Claw of Bitefl0 dice, two attacks per turn at (difficulty &)
full Dice Pool Willpower: &
Tail/§ dice, free against any rear attackers Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OR, -1,-1, -2, «2, <3, 3,

"5, <5, «6, -6, [ncapacinred

Chapter Three 53

a 1 fa ha

"2

ay a me os Z oy - = = io " = a - z _ - — " a _ " i — a.
Pes See ee ee ee ee ee ee i ee ee oe ee ee a ee ee ee ee a



 —— = —_—

|
: i

|
iy a
= = i.
= ws

Fi

al,

ao

|
em . a ? : 3e il rea iat A 8
a = 4a [ " 5 - 4" = fa ‘ =. _ u ‘i - ‘ E " r = r T ie . = rr : rt A a Zs A, "ih
SE a ore fee wcll ee ey arte ie eee en tee r at

Commonwealth Trio Laboratory:
R esearch Construct of
Richmond

AF OF PL cas & lie im ew tools bee in une pees
thetr hands on them and for what

| ETLeT I Ad Lacape uF cH Mi peat 2000

This cluster of three labs is part of Book, a Sleeper community. Oddly enough, many of the rumors aire

Progenitor Horizon Realm, and is loxcared in worse than the actual procedures. The Progenitors have

central Wirgimia. The three Promary lnvesti- litthe need for che cruel practices of some non-Progenitat

gators have banded rogether through lahs

collaboration and funding conglomeration. ae

The three main laboratories are on the ehird Dr. Charles Reid

Noor of the biology building at a small univer- Methodology: FACADE Engineer

aity near Richmond Charles Firid we calr coc of a rumor ol nel
7 The labs connect to EeoR bur conduct a aliases this man has taken over the cencuries. No one
ocd deal of business outside the Realm. Little of the Lab's knows exactly how old he cruly is, except, perhaps, himself.
magick is vulgar in nature; most of the research here He evidencly came to the United States sometime in the
involwes chemical manufacture and animal research. This 70th cencury, quickly establishing himself in a position of
second facerc has caused the lab seme degree of crouble, as eontrel over most of the scientists in North America. As
rumors of inhumane experiments have circulated into the the years wene by and bicscience grew, he ceded most of his

(Chapter Four 55
iS, ee ee ee ee Pe le een re ea! ee eee eS ee ee


ee age a ae ee ee 2 ee eee ee ee ae eg ee ee oe ee a a ee ee ae = a
1 — —_— a= ® s = = -_ =

un

Fie

7

"a

ra — =

| _ i on a | Abilities: Alettrmess 7, Athle ics |, Awaremces 2, Gio-

ir
"

lh, tlt =

al

mL = oe fae re. o" Fi

control over the counory to some of his carefully groomed

former students. He dad, however, maintain his control
over his mosr promising labs, and labs based in government
agencies. His lab group is known as Book.

Reid nik onorcd Nate chee a ba | eB imcduerre, LARLY
in Dio food maniwuhacturers, amd i laree number ot ph Telit
ceutical COM Panes. Because bh c has. erv Litche cine for hia

ikes on stucerua, he

WT TRSCRTCH AM OMY TAPE f ten

DIVES PRO|eCKs to hi iE HS To saristy kuis CNT Sc leritvhe Curis.

ity. Ome such project the werewolf research at
Devel: pmental Neagenetics Amalgamated

His overall aril hiss | lw ¥E heen umd 15 Ci dest cy the
‘Traditions. Tothis ened, he makes LITE thar his Aaa TaAres

maintain constant combat readiness. He also harbors a

apectal bitterness for the Virtual Adeprs; no one knows
exactly why.

(Charles Reid is Caucasian, with an unidentifiable
accent: his current body is square, muscular, and just

beginning to show the telling signa of middle age.

Amalgam:
The Trinity Fellowship

Dr. Yurikazilshida
Essence: Pattern
Nature: Famamtic
Chenveanen: Coritic
Methodology: Genegineet
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
rama 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,

lrellizence 3, Wits 3

960 Technocracy: Progenitors

Ae yf i a

chemistry 4, Brawl 1, Computer 2, Etiquette 3, (eemerics 3,
Intimidation 2, Linguistics 7, Meditation 2, Propenicor
History 2, Research 2, Science 3, Technology

Spheres: Life 3, Matrer 2, Prime 3

Backperouncds: Avatar 1, Influence 3, Library 3

Willpower: &

Arete: 4

(Quintessence: 10

Paradox: |

Backoround: Ishida came to America in the mid- 1950s

seeking an education. His brilliance and single-minded
ef

research quickly attracted the attention of ome of the early
Genepineers, and he WAS recruited ah Al Technician. lakiicla,
always eager to learn ovore, proved enchusiastic and paur-
sued opportunities above and beyond che monm. Hard work
and single-minded organizational skill have compensated
for [shida's weak Avatar and incomplete understanding of
roagic hk

Image: The years have been kind to Ishida. Not only is
he well respecred, if not well known, bur he has an excel-
lene relationship with the RD and Administration; he is
able to pull off miracles of funding. His manner ts quiet iru
intense; working with him is a joy for many Students who
are used to the usual high-strung, fast-paced Genegineers.
He i¢.a small, crim, well-dressed Oriental man with a touch
of gray at the temples ard a habit of practicing Tai Chi in
his office every morrung

Roleplaying Hints: Speak cleanly and precisely, with
little slang or profanicy. Ishida is spare with his movements

amd centered in his activiry, Remember chat flarvery and

= ft & [
iat es ww |
BR bff ft ff 2 2

Dr. Yurikazilshida


|

manners can accomplish more than stubbornness or in

tim li I; COT.

Dr. Sara Burns

Essence: Dynamic

Pal ew rire be revo

Demeanor: Director

Methodology: Pharmacopeist

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
misma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intell fence i, its j

Abilinies: Aleroness 4, Athletics 1, Biochemistry 3,
Brawl 3, Computer 1, Dodge 3, Firearms 4, Intimidation 4
Intuinion 4, Investigation 2, Leadership 2, Medicine 2,
Melee 3, Science 4, Stealth 3, Soecetwise 5, Subterfuge 3,
Technalogy 2

Spheres: Life 4+, Matter 3, Prime 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Avarcar 2, Influence 2

Willpower: 6

Arete: 6

Lluimtessemce: 14

Paradox: 4

Background: Burns was a street kid in Washington
DC, tough as nails and ready to deal with anything. She
Wises Pic ked up in Lys by a Phanmacopeist RA to work oat
of a street lab, where she quickly saw heer fortunes change
Thowch mot as brilliance as, say, Ishida, Burnes quick wit and
sfeet smarts advanced her in leaps and bounds through the
rankeof the street lab. Finally, the Convention gave inand

browghe her on as a Studenc

Burns did rotations ina bunch of different labs after she
graduated from Johns Hopkins University. She saved the
RO when he was ambushed by a well-prepared group of

Tadition mages (neither Burns nor the RID discusses the
particulars of that battle). In gratitude, the RD gave her a
abin Book, She hooked wo with Smith-Mevans and Ishida
iwhi: with che Administration, She single handed carved
1 territory out of Richmond for che Phanmacopeists; she

Tine rae rues 15 A h sk VATA Ce bl: ick ‘A oman, abet
Studenres and BUAs, solid steel and attitude. Her clothing is

eft ri ficht or hide Al

Equipment: She carries a dizzying array of
Pharmacopeist drugs, including amphetamines, cocaine,
(Coenition anc scart drugs, which she will freely adrniris
cer to herself ancl her OPSRIVES Wl necessary

Roleplaying Hints: No one gives Burns shit, No one
dares to. Stee locks eves and stares down everyore bur her
closest friends. Her upbringing has lett ber with a rarhet

Dr. Linda Smith-Nevans
uvtune: (oordcermist
Derveanor: Anchitect
Methodology: FACADE Engineet

. ri 1 fr r 1 Po
Artribures: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha

5

fifa 1, Maruipu ATEN 1, MP PCaTance i, Peri CPooOn 1.

Irvelligence 4, Wins 2

c
a

in

Pe! ee = F,

a 1 al iF i

ue

ae el is

i,


‘afd

ea"

i ul == i ins no,

a =_— = 2 La -_
ee ee a ee ee ee

a Ao

i

= ks a ete ae is ee oe Sa ae ee ee
Abilities: Alertness 4, Anaromy 4, Biochemimnry 4,
(Computer 3, Eniquette 2, Firearms /, Genetica 4, Medicine 3,
Research 4, Stealth 1, Subtertuge 4, Technology 2, Zoolegry 3
Spheres: Life 5, Matter 2, Mind 4, Prime 4
Baw krcuniels: Avatar i Influence i, Library 4
Willpower: 6
(huinteasence: | 2
Paradox: 6
Fackoround: Samith-Nevans began her career in En-
gland in 1S. She was one of che first women to gain encry
into the ranks of the Progenitors as a full-fledged scientist
She has cveither the fire of Burns mor the sheer brilliance of
Ishida, but she has a show Patience thar all nies bee Ec Sues
both her peers over the long haul. She is a lome-time frend
cw "harles Rueid: be i happy to have S00 CHE col hue ee aru!
experience in his lab group and someone of her quiet
decication as his supporter.
With her magickal abilities, Dr. Smith-Mevans could
become an RD if she so desired. She does noe, instead being "1 .
perfectly content where she is. Reid keeps in mind, how- ( P hal i
ever, thar she is extremely vindictive when crossed
Image: Dy. Smith-Nevans looks and acts like a mild © :
English housewife. Her third body is now in the throes of The Students and
middle age, and she will be moving ince her fourth bady a mi L
sometioe in the mext couple of years. She wears wire-rim Research Associates
glasses, and her petite frame is already starting to look a me : '
little stooped ra cardigan swearers she always wears. ‘at Bac h Pl has one student. Mir, Beth Talley majors in
She dresses in tasteful and comervative c lothing ame bins PACADE ingiees na Him Hughes in Pharmacopeta, and
shortsalt-and-pepperhair. Her constant companion, Hadii, indrew Creene in ( jenegineering There is one RA for
ee a manever she goes. cae h lab: Stephen Thundran, the ¢ ienegineer, Chain, che
: ee Pharmacopent; and Gina Milano, the FACADE Engineer.
Nevana has had clomed at least 10 times sinoe she became ie OTAGO SS a
; : Penitces.
a Progenitor. He has a few alveranions that make him an :
excellent companion. Hadji is highly intelligent for a dog; Chain
he isable to count, add, and cell time, a9 well as activate the =
Talisman collar around his neck. This device allows him to mae © Patter
quadruple his size, mass and strength. His empathic link Yature: Director
with his mistress lets him know if she is in distress. Who Demeanor: Rebel
wants to stop a five-foor poodle, especially one that has Methodology: Pharmacopeist
razor-sharp, retractable cat claws affixed underneath his Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, (Cha-
normal claws? fisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perceprion 2,
Releplaying Hints: Or. Smith-Nevane insists upon her Intelligence 4, Wits 3
proper name and title at all times. She is newer "Linda™ or Abilities: Alernmess 4, Athletics 3, Biochemistry 3,
"Smith-Nevans." She has worked hard to gain her position Brawl 4, Compurer 3, Drive 3, Firearms 3, Generics 1,
and demands respece. Her upper-class English accent is Intimidation 3, Law 1, Leadership 2, Melee 4, Science 3,
clipped and precise, and stands a3 an odd contrast to Burns' streemwie 4, Subterfuge 2, Stealth 3
vulgar Americanisms. Strangely enough, the two women Soheres: Lite 3, Marter 2, Prime 2
ane lose friends, and anyone whocrosses one must also deal Backorounds: Avatar 5
with the other Willpower: 7
Arene: 3
Chuintessence: 8
Paradox: 6
44 Technocracy: Progenitors
Po ee Pe te ee oe ee oe ee ee ee, a eT on ee ee ee a ee ee, ee

rhs


ge ee ee ee ee ee ee eS ee ee ee Sa in}
LT
Py
ih
| J
Background: Chain reminds Sara Burns of hversell. ve
Chat's probably why she grabbed the kid as he was snatch- a
ing her purse. There was something impressive there, just
F . , rt a :
waiting under the surface, and she couldn't bear to warch fs
it wasted. Sure, he's been.a pain in the as to teach, but then a
it's always more rewarding to teach to someone when you ai
it 1 i] | at
have to beat the knowledge into him.
(Chain has proved himself a responsible leader, though F
he'd never let any of his old gang know thar. He is brighve, 7
. s, . a
eager to learn and full of ideas, He helped Sara build wp the ‘|
Richmond lab and keeps the streets under her control. She B
. ak
plans eventually co ourn the entire thing over to him when i
she feels he's ready (if the RD will ewer let her). :
I
e t
[mage: (Chain isa tall, muscular white man whodresses ii
his part. If he's at the academic lah, he wears a T-shirt and fp
F iT
tight, stomewashed jeans. lf he's on the streec, he wear a
appropriate leather, chains, and ripped clothing. He changes ce
. . |
his facial hair.on a whim, one oeornth growing a poaree, the i,
E fe =f} .
next going clean-shaven, the following growing a full A
beard, He changes his hair alneost as frequently, though he io
usually keeps it long, He changes the colorof his skin when a
dealing with ethnic inmer-city gangs, and keeps appropriate za
Hispanic, African-American, and Oriental aliases. pi!
Equipment: No matter where he is, Chain is always Background: Stephen wae a bitter "child prodigy" +
armed. At the university, he caries a Heckler & Koch whose photographic memory led his parents and teachers i
PYMI 4 pistal in a healstet it aa small ial his ba ke, ard Al to overestimate his intelligence. After being pushed Cow fae ‘al
knife in an ankle sheath. On the soreet, his weapons of one semester, be suffered a nervous breakdown. Hid Ava- ve
choice are a Heckler & Koch MP-5 SMOG, a variety of tar, a flaming clown who juggled screaming nibber balls =
F 7 a]
hidden knives and a long section of chain with a masty tormented him for nearly a month, goadine him inte in
meathook at the end; he wears this last weapon around his Awakening. This nightmarish vision haunts him still, a
ws though he tells no one. Stephen embrac eck I he 4]
Roleplaying Hines: Chain shifts his demeanor to suit Technomancers' vision of controlled reality, seeking to -
' I a. ot 2 4 i
the oocaston. On the street, he adjusts to the expectations banish this specter, bat it hasn't worked, a
od his *elvenes." In che lab, he is friendly and open, with just Stephen is bright, with a twisted, sarcastic sense ot "i
hint of menace. His anger is cold, jagged, and cuts like a humor that often puts peaple off. Dy. Ishida, forrunarely T
. F Fi
rusty blade. has no sense of bawmor and therefore does nor norice the i
i a : sarcasm. Stephen's best points, aa far as bshada is comcerned, Wy
Stephen Thundran are his amacing spatial perception and endetkc memory, a
= all
Essence: Questing which allow him to assemble gene sequences in his head i
Nature: Jester and thereby derive the proteins which they produce, com- i"
ee ae plete with the prote im onfigura ions. I hi & precise q
| ‘ calculation keeps Stephen's Avatar occupied. Sormecimes. i
Methodology: Genegineet : Bi,
: 14 1c — He has some skill in martial arts, mebee combat with z.
Atributes: Strenath 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha 4
: 1 4 ee = ; wwords, and firearms. Previous experience has led him to F.!
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 2, , cl ‘
ry carry a Fri pastel to and from the lab ,
Intelligence 4, Wins ! sadly. a i rY r
F [SCY S CADET bs Unaware Cikart is mirliniencl Plane es L
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Biochemistry 4, 2 ie a ae p
ones oe = + oa hig i Disciple at che Verbena The anh he Teas MEVET told her a
Brawl 3, Computer 5, Dodge 2, Drive 2, Firearms 3, Genet- , td f ;
| aaa . a a ; ibour the juggling clown, Marcie knows of Stephen's hs
ics 3, Melee 3, Medicine 3, Meditation 3, Gceult 3, _ ; ; ri,
: = - Avatar amd can chase it away while he sleeps. The RD is ue
OTe Ca Se L, Se bebe L, fe¢ hnoboapgy a a ‘ *
; ee : mf oe ware of Marcie's true altiliation and has plans toeliminate A
Sphenes: Lite 3, Marter 2, Mind 2, Prime 3 _ rt a bon 7
: i ee her in the mear future. Her clone is already im progress. c.
ackgrounds: Avatar 4, Alles |, laream | memory) 4 eg a f
Backgrounds ar 4, Allies ai 7 [mage: Stephen is of average height and crim build, —
| Will perwer: 3 with short brown hair ard glasses. =
7 ge 5 r A ri ~ | a - _ a Ue is a j 7
| Arete Roleplaying Hints: Stephen isoften sarcastic and rade, "J
| Quinbessence: though he really doesn't mean many of the things that he -
| Paradox: + ee
) (Chapter Four 59 wn
| | A
Lt
= . 7 = = . = :
ee ee ee ee eee ee ee ee! Pe ee! Po ee i


Gina Milano

cays. Leis possible that his Avatar sometimesspeaks through
him. He is more dependent woo his friends at the lab than
he would like to acknit, and would react poorly to any threat
no Chen.
Gina Milano

Essence: Dynamic

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Avant-Garde

Methodology: FACADE Engineer

Attributes: Serength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Cha-
risa 1, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5, Perception 2,
Intellicence 4, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Anatomy 5, Biochemistry 2,
Brawl 3, Computer 2, Drive 1, Firearma |, Genetics 2
Medicine 3, Stealth 4, Srreerwise 2, Subterfuge 4, Tech

Spheres: Life 3, Matter 2, Mind 1, Prime 4

Special Abilinies: Gina fegeterates monaggravated
damage at a rate of ome Health Level per turn and one
aggravated level per day. Regenerating aggravated damage,
however, causes het such intense pain that her Dice Pools
are halved until the damage is healed

Rackerounds: Avatar 3, Dream 2, Mentor (Dr. Smich-
Nevans| j

Willpower: 3

Arete: 3

4, a
LASSE rece: &

Background: Gina is actually rather a tragic case if you

hear her anory before meeting her. She was one of the early

60) Technocracy: Progenitors

Tate t
1 result,

teat subjects for the Nanotech Life Support spel
machines Yeere introduced Into beer bod: as ahi 14

difficult to injure, regenerates, etc. However, the nanotech

waa mot attuned to her mind or Pattern, and the payotl ts
constant pain. This pain varies from a dull ache to searing
agony, but it never poss away,

This has had several negative psychological effects
Gina is unpleasane to be around, often makes cruel com-
ments, and displays extreme sociopathic tendencies. She is
tolerated only because her Pl constantly defends ler.

Cina is quite talenced in her chosen field, and has one
of the best eves for combinacions and grafts that Smith-
Nevans has ever encounrered. Stull, the sheer pleasure che
woman seems to derive from decapitation makes the Fl
shudder at cimes.

lmage: Gina is a beautiful woman with long, black
hair, black eves, and bronze skin She has permanertly
fixed herselt hal shapely M)-vear- ill bey "ly and i Chbe ib pee I
of much desire and je 1}OMIEY, Because of the anicune of fel
the nanotech requires to keep Tuning at peak effpciency,

Gina can eat up to six large meals per day and never gain a

pound, although the stress the pain pours on her body
quickly burns the energy away

Roleplaying Hints: Briskly efficient, Gina exhibits
many of her Mentar's personality quirks around the lab.
She presences a cold, businesslike manner to cover her pain
and perversity. O49 duty, she engages her taste for others'
suffering by keeping a stable of men, whom she mistreats

ceercilessly.
Node for the Trio
Laboratory

Dr. Ishida has set up a number of QQuintesence-Ab-
qorbing Devices (see Chapter Three) throughour a nearby
hospital affiliated with the lab, These machines, "donared"
by a Progenitor front company, acoually leech Prime life
force from critically injured and terminally ill patients.
After all, why let perfectly good resources go to wasne!

Phe Tass from this Quintesence is channeled through
amecwork patched inte the labs through Correspondence
magick. Another net connects the lab to che nearby medi-
eal school The Tass flows into a still in [shida's darkroom

(see below).

EcoR (pronounced
"echo ar") Lab Group

This is.one of the oldest and most sizable Pree miticet halls
Ls Oe Pde wth Amer CH. Th ec Ofncr il Jabs MATOS, W here
the Research Director is located, are based in northern
\! ireim All the associated Pre PEM CcHTs wri the Micd-Avtlan-
ne and Southern region are under this BD's control, as are

three laboratories in California, three in Coloracda, twa in


ometi ok Sie ie

Minnesora, one in Indiana, one in England, ome in Austra
lia and two in Japan.

These groups all collaborate on research whenever
possible, Book supplies HIT Mark organisms to [teration X
through EcoR Japan, spikes tobacco products with
Pharmacopeist products at labs based in the major tobacca
companies in Lee
tucky, and provides clone bodies for most Progeniters in
North America, since the American DNA library is in
Bethesda, Maryland, well within the boundaries of control
for BeoR.

The RD, Dy. Charles Reid, frequently travels among

aigia, Virginia, North Carolina and Ken

teaching at several of the universities where he holds
appointments

= ¥
The EcoR Plorizon
Realm

This appears as a huge, white, ovultistoried building.
The hallways are white, like a hospital. The deathly si-
lence, which hangs like a pall, is oocasionally punctuated
by a scream or inhuman roar in the distance. The entire
building reeks of disinfectant. The Progenitors here wear
whine uniforms. The Students all wear jackets with red
crim, the RAs have blue crim, the Pls have black crim, and
the ADs wear pure white, A strange acoustic effect mutes all
sounds in the hallways: voices always sound like whispers,
even if the speakers shout.

Inside the laboratories, the machines raise a racket
never heard in the hallways beyond: the people working
here must raise their voices above the roar of the freezers,
incubators, clone tanks and other high-tech machimery.
The offices, by contrast, are quite pleasant, with deep
carpeting and spotless surfaces cleaned every night by
Progenitor creations. Desks for Students and RAs are
provided in the labs, while the Pls and R.Ds have offices on
the upper floors of the building. Each lab on Earth has a
counterpart in the Horizon Realm.

The lower levels have containment facilities tor crea-
tures, conversion labs for manipulating and combining
spirits with living flesh (certain experiments invelve turn-
ing humans into net-spicders), Quintessence receptacles,
and (Quintessence fumaces to reclaim the energy spent on
failed experiments.

The Bea Lab Group Realm may be considered a
Summer Construct (see The Book of Chantries), ac the
height of its power and running smoothly. Few Techni-
cians have realized that the machines runa little louder and
the accidents grow ovore frequent each year. Resonance, id
such a thing could be said to exist, is not very strong here,

but no one knows exactly what the future may beolel,

swung cat of the closer ti

shut the dix T when a

The Portal to the EcoR
HorizonRealm

This & one of many Ecok Portals on the Telburian. lt
is concealed in a floor-no-ceiling closet in the darkroom of
Ishicda's laboratory. Several sloding drawers block most af
the view into the rear of the cher, which appears to be
nothing more than avery dark cubby. These drawers can be
iallow entrance of epress thincugh
the Portal, but only when both doors to the darkroom and
the drape across the inner door are shut and firmly in place
Phe drawers are spring-loaded to snap back into place amd

MeO Snes

Also in this room, sprouting arcane pipes and wires

running behind the benches into the closer, 6 a (Avimees-

sence Sell, which colleces the enerey tram the medical

I 1 | . a eT amu ky T = ain Par E t Li . a. ar
ec boa a Chairitesse nice Mel This a eS: he | PORE PLUS

with extra Quintessence and alsa feeds a requisite quantity
The living guardian of the Portal resides within the

rea under the benches in the darkroom

tendency co ameak through the ventilator shafts of the

building, snicching and consuming random sodas, sand-

wiches amd camdy bars ind, once in a while, an

underclassman. It usually lives on che animals scheduled

for ewthanizarion in the animal wing, bur enjoys supple-

MEATY ICs diet with im achers CHT TS Ae th

"Fred," The Portal Guardian
Sorengeth 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3, Perception 3,

lntelligence 2, its 4

re

‘St a

oe

a


i i ay = iy here] = i age he ios Bay all L in Re = ua a tel as os iL ‘ahi

Abilines: Alertness 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, lintimidation 3,
Stealth 4, Survival 4

Attacks: Claws/6 dice, Bire/§ dice

Special Abilities: [ts saliva reduces bland clotting: this
inducesexcessive bleeding once introduced into some|ecne's
becachhy.

Background: "Fred," as the Guardian has come to be
nicknamed, is a long, slender, serpentine creature resem-
bling a five-fooe-long ferret with scales and fur, The whiskers
extend approximately three feet to either side of its face,
and its eyes are extremely sensitive to light. The whiskers
provide almost as much informacion as its eyes. do, which is
a good thing if it has a halogen flashlight shone in its eyes.

[rt is extremely friendly to anyore it recognizes us a
mecber of the lab. Stephen haa reported thar "Fred" has
spoken to him on oocasion, but mo one else believes him.

The Construct

Description

The floor plan of each lab is virtually identical. Black-
topped lab benches line two walls and protrude into the
center of the room ina peninsula. Two freezers roar loudly
in the comer opposite the benches, and an incubator and
centrifuge are placed anywhere they might fit. Two cu-
bicles for use by Students are placed in the laboratory
proper. Twerstnall offices adjoin each lab. Ome is for che use
af the Technicians and Research Associates, the orher is
for the Pl of the lah. The Genegineer, Dr. Yurikazi [shida,
has the lab on one end, the Pharmacopeist, Dr. Sara Burns,
has the other end lab, and the FACADE Engineer, Dr.
Linda Smith-Nevans, has the cencer lab,

Ishida's lab also contains another small room, which
he has converted to a darkroom for developing photo-
graphs. Conveniently, this rcoaom alse houses the Portal to

the Beak Horizon Realm.

Purpose

Each of the three Methodologies is represented in the
Tria Lab group. The Conserece works mostly on marine
agents. Dhere are two motivations for this: 1) word has
recencly spread thata large Traction Chantry is located off
the shore of Virginia, perhapson Assateague, Chincoteague
of an aaeociated ishand, or underwater, and 2) the RD has
decided that performing some checks on the periodic
Barrier breach in the so-called Bermuda Triangle is within
the duties of Eook and its local allies.

More immediate concerns involve a young, mobile
Chantry of Tradition mages that has been nosing around
near the Pharmacopeist street lab in Richmond, and some
myscerious harassing phone calls the lab answering ma-
chines have been receiving after hours. The Pls try to
defend themselves and their labs while churning our suffi-
cient data and products to keep the RD happy.

62 Technocracy: Progenitors

ier - st ni. "as Ae te eg ee pla - sh, ae he ace

The Laboratory Staff

There is one Technician in each lab: Angela Morten
works for Dr. Ishida, Sanjay Koustwhhan for Dy. Burns, and
Sharon Bailey for Dr. Smith-Nevans. The Technicians
match their employers' temperaments relatively well. An-
gela has just graduated fromcollege and is anxiously seeking
to becomes Progenitor. Sanjay was a parry dude in college,
and so has a gripon the culrure in which Burns" people mux.
Sharon is a housewife and mother of four, quire happy
working for Dr. Smith-Nevans. None of them ever ques
non the orders of the Pls, and all try to the best of their
ability te meet any demands of the RAs.

Each Technician has three dots in a combat Abilicy;
Angela carries a cane sword thar she has acquited and
Sanjay uses the balisong burverfly knives he always carries,
while Sharon keeps a Cole Python in her (large) handbag.
They otherwise have the standard stats for Technicians.

Dr. Burns has a variable number of street operatives
(between 10 ancl 19) working out of her Richmond lab,
They have the average Pharmacopeist street operative

stats, amd are well armed.

External Relations

The Trio Lah Group maintains cordial relations with
many of the other Eco facilities, though the RD of the
English lab carries some old grudge against Dr, Smith-
Nevans. Many other Progenitors are scared witless by Dr
Burns, bur any objections they have are kept unser the
table. A Cult of Ecstasy cabal working our of Richmond's
bohemian Fan district is aware of the Trio Lab Group, but
is afraid to move against it at this point. An earlier assault
left two of its members dead and a third in Prison

A. large Richmond street gang is preparing for a war
againet Dy. Burns' Acolytes. The gang members might
think ewice if they knew the truth about their rivals —then
again, they mighe nest.

Other enemies include a vampire reputed to live in
nearby Hollywood Cemetery, a local animal-rghes group,
and Marcie's (girlfriend of Stephen Thundran) three-
member coven. The animal-righes activists keep a vigilant
eye on the lab (although chey are unaware of its crue
nature), while the coven bides its time until Marcie can
persuade Stephen to leave his "job."

Status and Reputation
The Commonwealeh Trio Laboratory is a small local
operation, with litte real clout in the grand scheme of
chirigs. Given time, the three pRertieers may carve a place for
themselves in the EooR lab group, but for now the lab
Dr. Burma, Gina and (hain.
Status: |

Reputation: 2 (respected with reservations |


MAIN LABORATORIES

THIRD FLOOR


Susgsested

Notes for the Storyteller
Far fictior im the

mut baci | ALD SL h hook & och ate hi: Ta | 4. "ric hton's fra

P irk i nd | fee Avrecircen da Sivalh, IPAE Frank | le rbert's The
White Plague. Also excellent are Patricia Cornwell's mys
Terry novels in| ch BE i Poorer

li WOLD GT ITE TES "| Ly tt ica eho! Tedd Dae koe suri Tate -
rial Cen the « LTTE THE See ¢ f penetics and higlor; 5 the auth ifs
sligpest any essays or books by Stephen Jay Chould, an
extremely talented and readable scienrist, and serongly

recommen ee Lc RFA 4. imme not reeds hy L ire & CMTC ee

and Mark Wheelis. This last book offers jargon, concepts

. f iL ror rr
realms of bi: ili Ty AA PCE TCS the

Reading

and hi ory im & SETOnG, COUR Sine

ACTA nia ma OOoOn iS Soe Ww hat chaclere- it 1h Year piled.

i
li FOS Wi 0 Wie Tene BENET. TESearch TO five WOU

chronicle an authentic background, your besr ber is to find
ik hiolopgyigenetics ETUDE NE OF prote a cat yew ill Tut Ti 1 ilk
to you about it. Genetics is ascience chat evolves faster and
leap out of the
DMA. The possibilities at chis pointseem endless, and, with

the popularity of Jurassic Park, specula

faster every clan: discoveries cometane ly

iTticles on genetix
non are easy bo find

i Ine mi igh ta lrmi BGT Alb a HE Caco ap i if a Tie k Li ic


TECHNOCRACY:

i
|
:

Masters of the Body...

The Progenicors, lite-shapers of the Technoeracy, wage a shadowy war to

shape reality tor che common good, To this end, they poison tools, create
clones, spawn monstrosities and warp both themselves and others, inside
and out,

...Monsters of the Soul ;
Technocracy: Progenitors is a Convention seurcebook tor Mage: The !
Ascension covering the hierarchies, methodologies, tools and tactics of
the genetic wizards. It includes:

® An apprentice's journal, following his progress through Progenitor |
c traminy;
® New spells, ettects and devices for the Progenitors; and
f

A battle roster of Technomancers, agents, and gene-spliced monsters,

ISBN |-56504- 171-9
